4	I almost miss the once boutique feel of Sam's restaurants, it seems that it won't be long before every corner features the likes of a FoxRC. However, as a valley food lover I must say bravo to yet another successful venture, Mr. Fox!I am rating Zinburger a 4 purely in alignment with the other restaurants I've experienced. While it may not be as sophisticated as Modern Steak or trendy like Olive & Ivy, Zinburger has a sleek setting with a great casual outdoor bar and some delicious food!We started with Sweet Potato Fries with Yogurt Dipping Sauce, Double Truffle Fries (Truffle Aioli & Truffle Oil) and Zucchini Fries (Parmesan & Ranch). All of them were good and would definitely satisfy any salt cravings you might have - so make sure you have a Zin Stinger (Red Zinfandel, Chocolate Sauce, Simple Syrup, Mint Leaves) close at hand!There were 4 of use, we tried the Turkey Burger (with Swiss Cheese, Avocado & Mayo), Samburger (with Nueske's Applewood Smoked Bacon, American Cheese & Thousand Island Dressing), Buffalo Chicken Sandwich (with Pepperjack Cheese & Ranch Dressing) and lastly the Kobe Burger (with Cheddar Cheese, Wild Mushrooms & Mayo). They were all fantastic, The Kobe and the Turkey were my favorites.We passed on the shakes for dessert and went for the Banana Creme Pie (YUM!!) and Chocolate Creme Pie. They give you 1/4th of a pie!!! It's a huge slice. I am pretty sure at this point, I should have stopped but when staff recommended the Bacon Bloody Mary, how could this foodie resist?? That's right...Bacon-Infused Vodka. The Bacon Bloody Mary.Because I am hardcore, I went for it. It was really good, I just wouldn't recommend pairing that with Dessert and wouldn't do it again.All in all, a great experience typical of FoxRC. I'll be back for more, and really enjoyed the relaxed experience and patio at the Biltmore Fashion Park.
3	Does the Camelback Corridor really need another fancy burger place? No. But Zinburger is giving it a whirl anyway - with mixed results. I tried a Samburger, which comes with 1000 Island, applewood-smoked bacon, onions and usually mayonnaise (which I changed to Dijon mustard). The beef is excellent quality, and was actually cooked medium-rare as I asked. The buns are just right. The bacon is top-shelf. I'd prefer a thinner, wider patty to the beef puck Zinburger uses. And I'd like less grease. The bottom bun was saturated with enough lubricant to melt the rust off the hull of the Titanic.  Now, about the sweet potato fries. Sweet potato fries are old news. They are the culinary equivalent of the phrase "think outside the box." My suggestion? Kumara fries (and no, kumara is not just a sweet potato - they taste different). Or better yet, get really original and bake them rather than drowning them in oil. I'll also add that Smashburger's Smash Fries take Zinburger's sweet potato fries to the cleaners. And this place needs some condiments. Each table, at minimum, needs ketchup and Sriracha. Mustard (preferably stone-ground or Dijon) would also be nice. I'd also dig Worecesteshire. Finally, let's talk drinks. If you're going to do beers on tap, get away from Guinness and get bold - and really, $6.50 for a Guinness? This is not a super-premium brew. Four Peaks is a nice addition since they're local, and I credit Zinburger for that. But overall, the beer selection is a bunch of tepid, unoriginal retreads. The milkshakes look awesome. All the originality that could've gone into the beer selection wound up on the shake menu. I really have to go back and try the date shake. I won't say anything about the wine since I only vaguely care that it exists. Bottom line - burger and fry-wise, not much new to see here. You can get burgers just as good (if not better) at Fez, Delux and even Parlor if you can bring yourself to not order a pizza there.
3	I really want to rate Zinburger a 3.5, with the potential to improve to a 4, but I'll go with the 3.The good:-My Kobe burger was really good.-My wife's salad with chicken was good.-I like the way the windows and open area by the bar frame the Esplanade - I felt like I was in a big city (big meaning dense, not big meaning sprawling).-Nice casual atmosphere.The bad:-Some uncomfortable "we just opened last night so this is my second day on the job" moments with the staff.  They were friendly but it felt forced (maybe 'cuz the boss was in the house?) - I thought the three high-school age hostesses were going to gang-tackle me and physically throw me into a booth, all in the name of good service.  I'm sure in time this will work itself out.-My really good Kobe burger was $14, with no sides.  And my beer was $7.  Add $6 for fries or a side salad and your hamburger dinner just cost $34.-The zucchini fries were awful - this is probably a matter of personal taste, and not reflective of the quality of Zinburger.-The sweet potato fries were OK - I've yet to have a sweet potato fry I enjoy as much as a Delux sweet potato fry.I didn't have the guts to try the bacon bloody mary.  I don't like bloody mary's, but ... bacon... mmmmm.So, all in all, not bad.  But, if I was going to have one burger and sweet potato fries dinner before I died, it would be at a wonderful little place a mile and a half east on Camelback.  Luckily my situation is not that dire and I can still enjoy a meal at Zinburger.
4	After my experience at The Grind yesterday, I wasn't so sure I could handle another burger place today, but my coworkers wanted to check it out so I went along for the ride. I am so glad that I did! The space is bright, cheery and airy, and on a nice day the patio is perfect setting to eat a meal. While not overflowing with options, the menu did at least have more choices than The Grind. I was excited to see a turkey burger, veggie burger and seared ahi burger alongside the beef choices. We decided to start with some fries, which do all come a la carte, but they were really good! My favorite were the Zucchini fries, not I might be biased just because I love zucchini, but they were so good! They weren't really all that crispy, but the coating was seasoned right and they had some homemade ranch on the side for dipping. The sweet potato fries were also really good, sliced really thin and served with a yogurt dipping sauce that gave them a Middle Eastern feel. The regular fries were also really tasty, sprinkled with herbs and Parmesan cheese and served with a truffle aioli! I ordered the Turkey burger with pepper jack cheese, avocado, lettuce and mayo. I had been wanting a turkey burger since last week, so I had high hopes for this, and well, my expectations were not only met but exceeded! The turkey was juicy, seasoned well and the combination of the cheese and the generous amount of avocado made it just perfect! They make the buns fresh with a combination of white and wheat flour, and wow, they are so fresh and delicious! The others in my group had the Zinburger and the Plain and Simple burger, both of them really liked them, saying the meat had good flavor and was cooked well. One of the girls had the Chinese chicken salad and also thought that it was really good. They also have a menu full of milk shakes as well as chocolate cream and banana cream pie! We were stuffed and didn't get to sample any of the sweets, but I will try to on my next visit. There is a lot of burger competition along Camelback right now, and while a bit on the pricey side ($10) per burger, the freshness and service really make it worthwhile. This is my new favorite burger place!
4	Sam has built another great concept here. I had the Ahi Tuna sandwich and it was one of the best I've ever had.  It's reasonably priced and is something I will definitely hit again.
2	Just got back from lunch...the mural of cows in the field is disturbing...opted to sit on the patio. This review is based on one salad, the Zinburger and the truffle fries. The chicken salad was small for the price and was not that memorable. The burger was on a fresh, toasted bun, with beautiful wine-carmalized onions and plenty of mayo. The cheese was nice and gooey. I ordered a medium burger, but it was served well done, so the flavor had disappeared. My major disappointment was on the truffle oil fries. If you are going to indulge in the calories, fries should be hot and crisp. Unfortunately, these were room temperature, unevenly cooked and kind of greasy. The truffle aioli was not that memorable either. I did not indulge in one of the milkshakes (some amazing sounding recipes on the menu), but will when I try it again. The wait staff was friendly and they kept the soft drinks filled.
2	Okay, let me preface by saying I would love to give them 2.5 stars (nice, I know), and that it wasn't awful, it just wasn't as mind-blowing as I expected it to be.First of all, I really enjoyed the layout of the restaurant, and I am SO excited that they have an open, large patio/combined bar. I love that Phoenix restauranteurs are finally catching on that we appreciate a good patio situation. So, props for that.The inside of the restaurant was...different. I wasn't a fan of the cow mural (falsely giving the illusion of say, grass-fed beef?), and the bathroom paparazzi were a bit frightening. I started with a Lemon Sipper (?), with Absolute Citron, mint and lemonade for $8. Either they seriously know how to mix a drink, or they forgot the liquor altogether. I couldn't tell from the taste, but judging by my buzz (or rather lack thereof) I would say they either forgot or skimped. Bigtime. Anyway, we ordered the zucchini fries ($6) with a side of the truffle aioli to start. We ended up receiving the zucchini fries AND an order of truffle fries, but it was busy and we didn't feel like making a scene so we kept them (albeit for an extra $5). The truffle fries were good, nothing to write home about. I would have appreciated the zucchini fries baked rather than deep-fried in so much batter. Both fries were covered in grated parmesan cheese...almost to the point of overwhelming. Positive? The truffle aioli was very good. I ordered the "Zinburger" ($10) medium well (lately my medium burgers have been on the rarer side, so I order with caution) with added jalapenos for $1. The burger was cooked more medium (which I suppose it what I was going for), and the jalapenos came on the side, which I thought odd. Also, I'm almost 100% positive they came from a jar, purchased at my local Safeway. For a buck? Bummer. The burger itself was just OK. Like a previous reviewer mentioned, it would be nice to have a wider, thinner patty...and not be soaked in grease. The bottom of my bun was soaked and soggy before it even hit the table. We ordered the chocolate cream pie ($6) for dessert and it was very good. Service was up to par, maybe a little too much, but I'm sure that's only because it was opening week, everyone's new, bosses are there, yada yada. Total tab per person was $30, excluding tip. Do I think it was worth paying that much for an average burger meal? Not so much. Also, why can't a restaurant that carries a limited and expensive menu specializing in burgers (Zin, Delux) serve higher quality beef? As in, grass-fed...organic...both? If I ever come back it will be to sit at the bar and enjoy a glass or two of wine...and maybe a shake, cause I hear they're pretty good.
3	If you go expect the typical Fox experience; ie, the focus is more on the concept and atmosphere and not on the foodUps:- Kobe burger (add the smoked bacon) cooked as requested   medium/rare- nice bar with both indoor and outdoor seating- plenty of patio seating- milkshakesDowns:- $14 kobe burger (good but wouldn't order again)- Buns don't work with the burgers both in flavor and texture.  same     wheat bun for all burgers. Toasting them would've helped- ahi tuna burger needed some more flavor- truffle fries were soggy and flavor was disappointing- chicken salad with almonds, goat cheese, and pomegranate was   plain and wish had skipped- nothing really unique about this burger joint- $6 milkshakes (they don't put any bourbon or any liquor?)
2	Mediocre. The layout is awesome, I'll give them that. Very cool open bar and patio setup. We sat inside because that's what was available soonest, but I would rather have sat outside because it was so LOUD inside. **Why, oh WHY do restaurants think that in order to be hip and popular they have to play really loud music? Can't you turn it down a notch? Please, don't think that we all have to be a Ra Sushi joint...***OK, rant over. This place only gets two stars because, after you get over the cool setup, it's just another fancy burger joint among fancy burger joints, and there are many better ones very close by. Food:Too expensive for what you get. Those burgers look mighty lonely on those big plates if you don't feel like shelling out more money for what should already be included (fries, duh). I had the veggie burger, which tasted good but was so mushy that pieces were falling out every time I took a bite. I practically needed a spoon. Husband had the plain and simple. He was not wowed. We got an order of truffle fries, which were good, but really salty. Good portion size.We also got an order of zucchini fries. Also good, nice and crispy. We thought about getting dessert shakes for about 0.2 seconds, but then decided our $6 (SIX? What, do you mix gold flakes in there??) were better spent down the way at Mojo. I might consider going there to get some pie when a craving strikes, but again, I expect a nirvana experience for those prices. Service: fine. Timely. No complaints.Ambience: the place kind of smelled like bleach. Ick. Conclusion: Unless you're jonesing for a night out at a cool bar, skip the restaurant and spend your money at Maizie's, Hula's, or Delux for a better burger experience. Zinburger, we waited so darn long...you could have done better. Give us more for our money, and maybe well be back.
3	Sorry Zinburger but Deluxe still makes a better burger; I'm giving you 2.5 stars for now, but I'll give it another shot in a few months.  I think you need some time to work out the kinks.Rating Breakdown:Atmosphere:  3.5 Stars, Typical FoxRC, clean good aesthetics with a well defined style.  The trendy airy bar feel is nice, but the music is blaring way too loud (reminiscent of AZ88).  The patio seating is quieter and provides for good people watching.Food: 2 Stars, Inconsistent and lacking flavor.  Opening week problems?  Maybe... Hopefully the food will be better on my next visit.** ZinBurger: Came out cooked to a perfect medium rare, very impressed.  The meaty flavor was good - the bun was boring.  Nothing exceptional. $10** Kobe Burger: Ordered medium rare, came out rare.  Kobe tartar!  Gross! Even if this burger was cooked properly I doubt that it would have been worth $14.  Cheddar cheese and mushrooms... snooze!  I thought this was a fancy burger shop?** Buffalo Chicken Sandwich:  This was the best part of our meal.  Flavorful and satisfying, but really how hard is it to cook a chicken breast and toss it in hot wing sauce?  I'm pretty sure I would be just as happy ordering the same item from Chilli's or Applebees. $10** Double Truffle Fries:  Soggy, oily, and over salted.  Yuck!  The truffle oil flavor was there and the fries had potential, but I just couldn't get past the soggy oily salty mess. $6** Zucchini Fries:  These are just fried zucchini cut into a steak fry shape instead of the normal zucchini rounds.   Nothing special, in fact I think I prefer the fried zucchini from Carl's Jr.  $6Drinks: 3 Stars, Full bar, eight beers on tap and eight additional bottled selections.  *** A little rant:  If I'm going to dine in a place that is charging me $25 for a burger, fries, & a beer I would expect filtered water at the table.  Sorry, but at this price point City of Phoenix tap water, that tastes like it came from my backyard pool, just doesn't cut it!Service: 2 Stars, Lots of waitresses running around frantically, but ours seemed to be MIA for most of the meal.Conclusion:  Save your money and time.  Run up to Deluxe instead, or better yet skip the trendy and head over to Two Hippies for a great burger, fries, and a Shasta drink for $5.
3	Really disappointed with this place.  Actually, I shouldn't say that I am wholly disappointed with the place as much as I am disappointed with the quality of service that I get for the outrageous price.The wife and I weren't terribly hungry (after a killer breakfast from another of FRC's spots - True Food) but it was lunch time and we weren't going to have a chance to eat again till much later so we wandered over to Zin burger.  Cool place.  Nice inside.  Looks like most of the newer FRC places.  Good vibe, crazy walls, wicked wait for a burger place.So we each got a milkshake and then split an order of sweet potato fries and a bacon burger.  The milkshake was a double chocolate mint shake that was excellent.  I didn't think the $6 price tag was outrageous but when it came out and only 1/4 inch of my spoon was sticking out of the glass, I was a bit annoyed.  You know you have shakes, you are the ones who bought the glasses, maybe buy some shake spoons?  For $6 I shouldn't have to fish it out.  Anyways, it was good.  Better than most restaurant shakes, so I was happy.The fries came out next.  Thought it was a bit odd since we didn't order them separately but I guess the waiter thought they were our appetizer.  The yogurt dipping sauce is very tart by itself but it a perfect compliment to the fries.  The fries are also bathed in salt so I enjoyed them very much.  In all, the fries were good but the presentation was pretty cheap.  The ramekin of yogurt was sitting on the fries inside the paper-lined basket.  It had spilled on the fries.  I'd prefer a plate.Finally (and I do mean FINALLY...like 35 minutes after ordering), the burger came out.  It had been cut in half, which I appreciated.  It was cooked to a perfect medium and was pretty tasty.  We gad ordered the Samburger because my wife likes bacon but I really wasn't feeling that bacon.  I wished it had the turkey bacon from True Food because the Applewood Smoked bacon that was on there was hard and tasteless.  In all, it was a good burger.  Was it a good $10 burger?  Not really, but half is enough to fill you up, and if you split it, it is only a $5 burger.  For $5, it is great!Now to my final complaint and the thing that would normally make me turn this into a 2 star review but I know that they are going to fix it.  Despite their intention to fix it, it was still left this way and still screwed up my experience.  If you sit in one of the booths behind the hostess table, you have a perfect view of the men's bathroom door.  No big deal except, and this is a big except, when someone opens that door to go in...you get a full on view of someone using the urinal.  Now that kind of thing might fly over around 7th Ave & Indian School but not at Biltmore and not for these prices.  I do not want to watch people urinate and do all of the other things that guys do while they are in the bathroom while I am eating.  I'm sorry but it was gross.Lastly, don't have Harold as your waiter.  He was snotty, insistent, and inattentive.  He took plates before we were done, had an attitude when we asked to split the burger, and continually ignored us as he attended to the larger (and subsequently more lucrative) table next to us.I might give Zinburger another chance but in reality, there are enough burger places along Camelback (Modern Burger, Grind, Culvers, Smashburger, Wineburger, etc) to keep me occupied for a while.
4	We went on opening night and had a great experience.  It was as if the restaurant had been there for years - very well run.  The Zinburger with manchego cheese is amazing...yummy!  Everything Fox touches seems to turn to gold...yet another great concpet.
2	no preface, no disclaimers, and no tip-toeing here.the truth of the matter is -- Zinburger needs to live up to their name a bit better. one would expect tasty, delicious burgers from a resto that has the word "burger" in it?two out of four of our diners ordered red meat beef burgers - one was the kobe, and one was the zinburger. the kobe burger was not juicy, and the burger patty fell apart when cut. the zinburger actually seemed to do better, at least, by holding itself together! overall, the burgers lacked embellishment and that something special that i could not get from McD's (at least i might get a toy there?).remarks for the ahi tuna sandwich included "not good, it gave me a tummy ache. they lied to me! they gave me lettuce instead of cole slaw"feedback for the chicken sandwich was "pretty good, but spicy". that's probably why this diner had three beers to go along with it. hehe.sweet potato fries vs. zucchini fries - sweet potato wins for being proper fries that do not fall apart (a recurring theme). zucchini fries dip wins though.it's a great concept, which was what initially drew us into the resto, but execution? i might need a couple more bottles of Zin to swallow this one down!
3	I'm adding one star for the desserts only, although I still think the shakes are priced too high. You don't even get an overflow cup like at most places. $6 per shake. Anyhoo, we went there for dessert last night and I got a slice of banana cream pie that could have fed a small army, and husband got the double-cocolate mint shake concoction. My pie was fabulous: real bananas, creamy filling, crunchy graham cracker crust, and mounds of whipped cream topped with caramel sauce. ooooooo yum! $5 for a giant slice. Husband said the shake was really good. Not mind-blowing. We'll stick with the desserts here after we've eaten better burgers somewhere else!
4	I agree with other reviewers that one expects there to be more burgers given the menu-but that helped to make my decision easier. If you want more options, you could go for the plain burger and add on different fixings that you wanted.I had the Sinburger (bacon, thousand island and cheddar-?), but I added avocado--yum!!We had the truffle fries which were decadent. Overall, this was a nice lunch and reminded me of the Counter (which is a good thing!).
2	Another Fox restaurant...yawn.   We started out on a bad note when we took a seat at the bar to wait for our table. The bar was really cool looking and we loved the idea of using green apples as paperweights. The selection of wine and beer was really decent for a place with a limited menu. The bartender, however, poured us pathetically small glasses of wine. It would have been ok if it appeared to be consistent, but we saw several glasses going out to tables that were much fuller. They weren't exorbitantly priced glasses, but I still want what I'm paying for!  Next, the food. The zucchini fries were bland and fell apart, but the sauce that they came with was pretty tasty. The truffle fries were lacking in a good truffle flavor. Some of the fries in the basket were soggy and some were burnt. We sent most of them back. The veggie burger was super good. Just about one of the best veggie burgers I've ever tasted, surprisingly. The report from the ahi burger was "ok". The report from the Zinburger was "ok and undercooked according to my order". The sweet potato fries were delicious.   The service was good. Elizabeth busted her butt to get us everything we needed, despite the clear lack of organization in the rest of the restaurant: The place had cleared out considerably by the time we ordered, and it still took about 30 minutes to get our food!  As with most Fox Concepts, it's all concept and no substance. From most of the other reviews, I don't expect a long wait for tables in this place the very near future.
4	Three stars for the food and an extra star for the design and layout of the restaurant.I ordered the Samburger and the fries which were satisfactory.  The bacon on the burger was nice and crisp.  I enjoyed two Sierra Nevada's on tap and what I appreciated was that they were served in  nice cold glasses.Sitting at the bar facing out towards the patio was the perfect spot.  I could see the TV, enjoy the fresh air, watch people walking by, and easily order another beer.
3	Someone already commented on the large Cow mural, I was not going to because it might just be me, but I have heard a few comments about it now. Yea, really odd choice, and kind of uncomfortable to be eating a burger and having Elsa the Cow, with very sad eyes, staring at you while your biting into one of her relatives. Other then that, I feel that they did a good job on the decor. Really nice in fact. Now I ordered the Zin Burger, and it was very good. I mean as I was eating it, it was as good as any burger that I have had. As good as Gallo Blanco, and Hula's. Very juicy, flavorful, I liked the bun. It was a 5 star until I stopped eating it. Yep, then it lost a star. How? After I was done, my mouth turned into the Salton Sea. Holy crap, easy on the sodium chef!!! Way too much salt. Now I know what salt does, but overkill. I actually tasted salt for the next hour.  You had me with everything else, just don' t want to feel that I just sucked on a pretzel. Only other complaint is the pricing. Like everyone else on here, I think the pricing is all wrong. Especially if your going solo. I mean as a single diner I have to order a basket of fries? I thought Delux was stupid for doing so, why make the same bad move. I also saw most people sharing a burger. If thats not a sign, when customers have to get creative on how to eat at your place without breaking the bank, take a good hard look at how you might make your customers more happy. Look at it this way Fox team.             Zin Burger                                  10.00             Basket fries                                   5.00             Draft Beer                                      5.50             Second draft beer because              my mouth is a salt shaker        5.50             Desert (are you kidding, I'm             out of money).                                                                                    25.50                                                         tax      2.25                                                     Total    27.75    Wow, I am back in NYC at these prices!!!
4	We loved it. The service was fantastic, from the totally thoughtful bar staff to the servers. And when I mean thoughtful, I mean patient with Tim who needed to taste almost all the drafts before making a selection. Cheerful, efficient and competent.  The burger was delicious and I don't dole out the burger compliments very often (ask Tim about our attempts at home), but this was just great.  Seasoned well, juicy and prepared as asked.  The environment is a tad sterile but all in all we will definitely be back. Didn't try the truffle fries due to protest from our companions who hate them, but will try when with different company.You say moo, I say ahhh.  Now about that treadmill...
4	My best friend and I visited Zinburger on a week night and found it to be fairly busy.  Although we could have gotten a table (with no wait) we opted to sit at the bar facing into the restaurant.  Wonderful design element.  We had an excellent view of what was going on and both agreed that the layout and design was excellent.The food was expensive but it was very good.  We split a kobe burger, double truffle fries, zucchini fries and a bottle of wine.  I was definitely just the right amount of full and left feeling wonderful (maybe that was due to the wine?).  I'll be back to splurge.  This place was splendid.
4	The Good:Great Service!! Not to annoying, but always there when you need them! BURGER WAS FANTASTIC!!!!! Fries pretty good,The bad! Considering what I have come to expect from Fox the salad was TERRIBLE! It seriously was disgusting lettuce with a few tomatos and bacon bits. It was the Large size of the two offered and it was smaller than any other half salad anywhere, Also, we order a burger and fries. It was a little pricey. They do everything al a carte, but come on this is Not Ruth Chris. So if you want a burger fries and soda it is $20 before tip. A little pricey! The burgers aren't big enough to charge that much. HOWEVER, the ingredients they put on them are AWESOME!! I would go back for sure
5	I think ZinBurger is absolutely fantastic! I have been there twice. Once on a Monday night and then again on a Sunday night.The hostesses are very helpful and polite. They let you know exactly what is going on with tables and get you seated as soon as possible.Both waiters I had were pretty good. One was extremely helpful and accommodating. The other was just okay, not bad, but nothing to write home about. Let's get to the food! OMG the burgers are amazing! I have had the Kobe burger and the Zin burger. I thought both were equally good. I could not tell much of a difference between them. Zinburger actually cooks a burger medium if you ask them to! Sometimes it seems some places ask you your preference and still cook it well done. Not Zinburger. I had the handcut fries which were pretty good. Have not had a chance to try any of the others.The Double Chocolate Mint Shake is to die for!Best burger I have had in awhile! Will be going back asap!
4	Went to Zinburger last night and guess what I tried!?  The Zinburger.It was tasty, juicy, and salty. I guess, I've never had a salted burger, but I tasted some salty goodness on this burger.  Awewsome.Our server was super friendly.  We had a group of seven and he was great about giving us separate checks.  I tried a friend's banana cream pie, and it was awesome too.Yay for a GOOD burger!
2	I know a lot of you will disagree with me, but I have to be honest with you, I've never been a fan of Sam Fox Concept restaurants, mostly because the emphasis is on the concept, not the food. And they tend to be outrageously expensive. The exceptions are Sauce, which in my opinion serves insipid food, the Counter (it's 25 cent coffee was the deal of the decade) and the new Zinburger.     Of course, Zinburger is easy on the eyes, with it's huge mural of happy cows, and it's lighthearted use of chartreuse accents. Given that it's in the the Biltmore Fashion Park, $8-14 for various types of burgers isn't bad - and they're big enough to share. Sides of french fries, fried zucchini, etc. are $3-5, and salads range from $9-14. There are lots of milkshakes and floats at around $6. The trouble, as I see it, is that you can get better for  less bucks at Indulge or BluBurger (particularly if you use a coupon). DeLux is a little less expensive, with a lot more food options, although the ambience isn't as pleasant. I won't bore you with what we ate, suffice to say it was merely okay.     My favorite thing is the irony. Zinburger, with it's emphasis on meat, sits a few doors down from Sam Fox's Tru, which specializes in being vegetarian and vegan friendly.
4	When I first walked into Zinburger, I thought "Wow, this is really nice place for a burger place." My boyfriend and I were immediately sat. Their menu is a very simple menu, along with their burgers, they offered salads as well. My boyfriend and I ordered the Kobe Beef burger and the Zinburger. The burgers don't come with fries, so we ordered the sweet potato fries with a yogurt dipping sauce. Our burgers were so juicy and full of flavor, I felt guilty for trying to eat the whole thing. But I ended up stopping myself half way through my burger just so I can enjoy their Creme Brulee milkshake, and let me tell you, it was well worth it!Overall, I think it's a place you should definitely try when you're looking for a good gourmet burger. It was nice and quiet during the time we were there. It would be a great place to take your family.
5	As far as gourmet burger joints go, this place is the bomb! I am a huge fan of Deluxe Burger and now they have a run for their money! Plus the parking is much easier at Zinburger. I had the Zinburger, and we shared sweet potato fries and regular fries. Everything was delicious! All 3 of had the Zinburger, so not much variety at our table, but we all finished our burgers, and given the size of them, I was pretty surprised/impressed with all of us. The burger was heavenly, juicy and cooked perfectly. I would definitely go back, again and again!
2	Don't believe the hype! I waited months for this place to open here and tonight I finally got to go. I was so disappointed. The burgers were just boring. Nothing special, forgettable even as we were eating them. The truffle fries are nothing special either. I wish I had a time machine to go back in time and not go there. For a delicious burger I suggest Red Robin, or even McDonald's would be better. I didn't even finish my meal as it was that unappetizing. Much better to go down the way to Cheesecake Factory, I wish I had!
4	So, I might be one of the few that decided to get the ahi tuna sandwich instead of the burgers for my first visit. Since I was not starving, I did not think I would be able to tackle the gigantic burger I saw across the bar from me. The tuna was perfect. It was easily an inch and half thick, seared perfectly with plenty of avocado slices to make it the best fish sandwich I have ever had! This is going to make for a tough decision the next time I go and try to order a burger. Great Job!
5	A group of us from the IVAA Summit went to Zinburger last night. The food & service was great! I think we scared our poor server (Mike), but he was wonderful!
4	We've got a burgeoning burger corridor here.  What 15th Century Florence was to the Renaissance is what the Biltmore area has become for the next generation gourmet burger.  I'm typically not too hot on most Sam Fox restaurants but this is one of the exceptions.  Sure it has the style and flair of its other restaurants.  But it also has a menu that matches the concept.  The burgers are executed flawlessly and they are just unique enough to distinguish them from their Biltmore neighbors.  The shakes were as decadent as weekday matinee, not at all necessary but very tasty.   The fries were great although we thought that the yogurt sauce pairing with the sweet potato fries was a little off.Top off the experience with some incredible service by our waiter who had the same look and enthusiasm as the indefatigable Steve O and you've got a memorable experience.  The burger gauntlet has been laid and all worthy participants should report to the Biltmore.
3	Usually a FRC place is a pretty safe bet for me.  Unfortunately, I didn't really feel that way about Zinburger.  On the particular day we chose to visit Zinburger, we had already eaten and True Food, just down the way, went to a movie, and then it was time to eat again.  Since we weren't terribly hungry, but the opportunity to eat again wouldn't present itself for a while, we decided to share some food here.We each got a shake and then the Samburger (a bacon burger) and the sweet potato fries to split.  My shake was fantastic.  I got the creme brulee shake.  If my review was based solely off of my shake, this would be a 5 star review, but it's not.  The sweet potato fries were good, but only without the sauce.  I honestly thought the yogurt sauce was disgusting and inappropriately paired with the fries.  Something sweeter would have made more sense.  The burger was, well, just a burger.  I was sad that it wasn't anything special.  It didn't taste any better than anything else I have had before.  Too bad.Unfortunately, our service here was awful.  Harold, or whatever his name is, was rude and snotty and pretty much ignored us for most of our meal while he chit chatted and shmoozed other tables.  He definitely showed his displeasure that we were splitting our food, making our bill smaller.  I do also have to make mention of the inappropriate placement of the hinges on the men's restroom door.  Read Glenn's review for a more thorough account, but yeah, it was gross.  Thankfully Debbie Porter informed me that they were installing a screen or something to fix the problem.  For future diner's sake, I hope so.  The more I think about it, the more I am sure I won't be back.  There are just way too many other burger joints around town to try and revisit.
5	We've been to Zinburger numerous times and I thought I'd update my review.  I absolutely love their Kobe burger but finally forced myself to try something different.  One particular week,  I had my fair share of beef so I decided to try their turkey burger.  It wasn't the usual one on the menu but was a Thanksgiving special.  This burger was exactly the Thanksgiving turkey burger you would imagine - moist turkey burger, cranberry sauce, and stuffing - fantastic.  I was so disappointed they only serve it around Thanksgiving.  After delighting in my usual Kobe burger again for a while, I tried their regular turkey burger and it, too, is tasty (especially with mushrooms).  But the burger with the stuffing and cranberry sauce is something I'm going to indulge in again next Thanksgiving and, being a foodie, I can't wait.
2	The reason for the 2 stars instead of one is I gave Zin a second try after receiving a hamburger that wasn't even warm in the middle on my first visit.   If you wan't a good hamburger don't go here. There are many many places that have better burgers and fries.  But if you want a good shake and zucchini fries it is an ok place for a snack.  The burgers are boring with little flavor and over priced.
2	Being the connoisseur of the Cheese Burger, Condor was anticipating the opening of Zinburger very much. Every week after I would drop $1500 at Ralph Lauren @ The Biltmore, I would monitor the progress of construction to await the opening. Well last night was the first time and it was a disappointment. Not for the food, but the service. First: if asked to sit on the side patio, DON'T! It is a bastion of emptiness and inattention. Ordered cheese burger and fries, the fries arrived first and the burger 20 minutes later. I attribute that to "out of site- out of mind" of sitting in side patio Siberia. Second: if a 6'9" waiter with dark black hair & anorexic like build is introduced as your waiter: RUN! It was painful to deal with him and his total ignoring. If, however, you are a bevy of underage, under dressed girls, "Lurch", as we affectionately named him, is your guy. He will hover over your table and your blouse  to the detriment of his other customers. Even more painful was feeling the loss Condor endured by listening to the great waitress our neighboring table had, particularly when describing the delicious nightly Specials I didn't hear about until after I ordered! Overall, the buzz Condor missed inside was worth a second trip. Will let you know whether any other "Addams Family" waiters are there. i fear "Uncle Fester".
3	For a nice looking place with cheerful service and delicious food, I'm not exactly all in. As others have outlined ,  the a la carte setup is pricey for what you get. Burgers are decent sized and lovely, but they're not gigantic, and sans sides, I'd stop well short of calling one "a meal".  I'm hardly a power eater and could've downed two fairly easily. We had two of their cheapest burgers, fish sandwich, a shake, glass of wine, Diet Coke and split an order of fries. After tip it was $70, and you kinda ask yourself "Am I really in a burger & shake place, or maybe something pretending to be?" Example. The menu doesnt list soft drinks, presumably to push the more expensive shakes and wines. Of course I got my Coke anyway, without a hint of attitude, which was nice. But at a corporate level, something about that rubs me the wrong way. The "idea" that ordering a Coke at a burger and shake place isnt on, or by implication "with", The Program. It's Fox all the way. Pretty setting, friendly but inexperienced service, fun menu, generally tasty and overpriced food. Sharing plates or cutting expenses at happy hour might make it a more attractive option.
4	Probably the best Shake I ever had (Strawberry Cheesecake), Pretty good burger, Double Truffle Fries were just ok. I will definetely return for the shakes, for Burgers I will probably go down the street to Delux...
2	Zin Burger is a good spot for lunch, assuming you don't mind dining in an outdoor mall.Food was pretty good, with burgers and fries being the main point of focus of course.   Burgers aren't anything to write home about, but get the job done.  Fish sandwich and veggie burger were okay -- kind of what you'd expect to get at a chain restaurant.  The truffle fries were over truffled to the point of being kind of gross.  A decent beer selection was a plus. The black eye for the place was the service.  Our waitress (who must have barely been 18) promoted savignon blanc from Spain (maybe that exists somewhere, but not on their wine list) and food was coming out undercooked (meaning raw chicken) to tables around us.  Multiple members of the staff told us our food was on its way out, which it wasn't (we were a four top at lunch on a sat -- weird).
1	I first experienced Zinburger in Tucson, of all places, and I loved it. I went as often as I could when I was in town. It was hands down my favorite place to eat in Tucson, and I was itching for it to move to Phoenix.On my first visit to Zinburger, my vision of the perfect burger meal shattered. The place itself is wonderfully stylized and the staff are perky (but new), but the food was disappointing. On my first visit, I had a glass of Reisling, and the Zinburger, and my favorite truffle fries. The Zinburger was greasy and the bun was soggy when it came out, and the fries weren't as tasty as I remember them being in Tucson. But since I loved Zin so much, I wanted to give it a second chance.I met up with a friend for happy hour (wait, no happy hour at a burger and "wine" bar?!) and tried to play it safe with the Plain and Simple burger. The fries were tastier this time, and the server was happy to split the Bananas Foster shake (which was very yum) but the burger just did not deliver. It wasn't soggy this time, but rather... normal. Nothing special. I might as well have been at Denny's.The staff, on the other hand, seemed very knowledgeable and friendly, but that doesn't change the disappointing food.I will probably give Zin ONE MORE CHANCE.... I just can't get over how heartbreaking the food is compared to the Tucson one. But I'm not about to drive 2 hours just for a burger!
3	Being Vegan it's hard to find places to eat at that both yourself and non vegans will enjoy. When I called ZinBurger to inquire about their "Vegetable Burger", I was told it was made with eggs but that if I could wait about an hour before coming in the chef would prepare one without eggs to accommodate a vegan. I though that was awesome and I was very thankful! So we get there and of course I order my "Vegetable Burger" with no cheese and no mayo. I also asked how it was prepared: fried? The waitress told me they were grilled, another plus! Husband orders the Samburger, No thousand, add an egg and we shared an order of hand cut fries. Food arrives, it looks good. Although I notice my burger was not grilled it was most definitely pan fried, but it wasn't greasy at all so I was OK with that. What I was not OK with is the fact that it is called a "Vegetable Burger" and it is in fact a "Black Bean Burger" and should read as such on the menu. If I had known it was comprised 99% of black beans I would have likely chose another restaurant to eat at. It was just bland I had to slather it in mustard for any flavor and I only ate half. On a scale of 1-10, 10 being best ever, Husband gave his burger and Creme Brulee shake a 9. Well good for him, I know where he can get a good burger he likes, but as for me, I'm still searching for an Amazing Vegan Burger!SO I give 3 stars for his experience and 2 for mine.
2	The buns fall apart so you end up eating your burger with a soggy bun.  Staff does not seem to know what is going on and they are not well trained.  Can't think on their own.
5	Zin, zin, zin - Yes, yes, yes!Several weeks ago five of us had a wonderful Monday evening at Zinburger with our delightful server, Candace. I arrived early, inquiring about the Left handed Polestar Pilsner, Candace offered a sample, very tasty - with three of my party eventually having it with dinner. We had a great booth - giving us a vantage point, watching the parade of customers & employees. I really like the airy, roomy, high energy vibe.With our drinks we had the delicious zucchini fires with two sauces ana subtle breading on the zucchini.We all tried different burgers, with some of us tasting each others, Candace made the split arrangements prior to serving us - nice touch. The meat is flavorful, melting in your mouth with a freshly baked bun.Fun, cool atmosphere & great food - made for a great get away, early in the week.My hats off to the Sam Fox team, another winner at ZinBurger.
3	Bananas foster shake -- amazing!Truffle fries -- very good! But they really should allow diners to do "half and half" fries to try different kinds or they should make half-size orders...the server said they were "working on it," whatever that means.Zinburger -- meh. I definitely enjoy the burgers at Delux more, and for $10, you should get a superb burger. The beef was good quality but not incredibly flavorful, and the burger overall was bland. Also, the bun was a little too soft to support the burger patty and toppings.Service was good - although the hostess underestimated our wait time quite a bit, she apologized, and then our server was great. The atmosphere is just okay - plain and modern, almost corporate feeling... a bit like Sauce, another Fox place. The bar area is nice, though.If I was in the Biltmore area and craving a burger, I'd stop at Zinburger, but I wouldn't make any special trips there.
3	Another place I really wanted to like. Like Joel L. says below me, this is absolutely a style over substance place. Took my Dad and boss there over the weekend to catch up, have a burger and a milkshake, and hopefully impress my dad who is the milkshake nazi if one has ever existed.We got an order of the Zucchini Fries to start which were actually very delicious. I was pleased with the quality of the zucchini as well as the consistency. They were not overly breaded and fried and therefore soggy, they were just right. I got their version of a Mint Chocolate Chip milkshake which was delicious but so sweet I got a stomach ache about 5 minutes into drinking it which was kind of a bummer. Our waiter overheard my Dad giving his milkshake diatribe which basically consists of "Young people don't know how to make a milkshake anymore blah blah blah" so poor thing bless his heart tried as hard as he could to take all of my father's demands into account on this simple chocolate shake and just failed miserably. In the business of full disclosure, he never had a chance so I cannot hold that against them.Things took a turn for the worst when we got to the burgers. My Dad and I each ordered the Zinburger, his cooked Medium and mine cooked Medium Well. His came out Medium Well and mine Well Done. The beef wasn't terribly flavorful in my opinion. The manchego cheese and other toppings were nice, but the real issue for me lies with the buns. By the time the burgers got to our table, the buns were already so soggy that you couldn't even pick up the burger without the whole thing falling apart! Serious issue as all burger eaters out there know. We each ended up trying to knife and fork it which wasn't terribly successful either.All in all I find Zinburger to be just average. Didn't hate it, but certainly didn't love it. I must go out of my way however to say how exemplary our service was there. Our waiter was fantastic and took excellent care of us.However when the hunkering for a $10 burger hits me, you will continue to find me at Delux or Houston's...
4	Medium rare, cheese and bacon, blood soaked bottom bun, perfect. Zinburger is awesome. I've yet to find a burger I haven't liked but I'm partial to the Sam, don't overlook the chicken sandwich however, it is super tasty and all of the fries are on point. Where else can you go and stare a giant cow in the eyes while eating his family? Incredible shakes, fair beer selection, cool atmosphere, four stars.
3	Fox Restaurant Concepts is usually on the ball with their restaurants(such as Green House, North, etc.). Zin Burger is ok, but not really anything really special. I went to this restaurant with my mum for a Memorial Day lunch (not a particulary special occasion). We were seated very quickly, and the server was very attentive, though his knowledge of wine was a bit under par. One of the main defects of the menu is the lack of "origins" for the various wines on offer. As someone who is particular about his California wines, this is not good. The Lemon Zipper cocktail (which my mum ordered) was quite tasty, and she likened it to a Mojito without the rum. I ordered the SamBurger, substitute cheddar for American Cheese, and mum ordered a basic burger with avocado added. We both opted for medium well done, and really, it seemed more like "well done" to me. The burgers were meh. Ok, but not special. DeLux Burger this place isn't. We also ordered the sweet potato fries which were tasty. So, overall grade is a C, with the following breakdownService - D (downgraded from C-; this place is called ZinBurger,                       a server with under par knowledge of wines is not good)Food -     C+Drinks -  C+For a better burger, I recommend DeLux Burger on 32nd Street and Camelback.
4	The service is very friendly and the food comes out fast... which is great around lunch time.  The food was delicious... I got the Zinburger and hand-cut fries but something still seems odd about paying $10 for a hamburger. P.S.  There is a trick to parking here, you need to go to the parking area with the gates and push a button to get a coin which you take inside the restaurant and get validated.  Overall I'm a fan and I'll be back someday.
4	The wife and I went here on a recent date night before meeting some friends in Scottsdale for some bowling.  We arrived around 5:30 and were able to be seating on the patio quickly (luckily it wasn't too hot yet).  Our server was with us quickly, and was pleasant/helpful/friendly the hole time.  For starters, we got the truffle fries which were good.  Nice and warm and crispy, and I liked the little dipping sauce that came with them.  For my burger, they had a special of the day which was a turkey burger with avocado/swiss.  I liked the sounds of the topping, but not so much of the turkey burger, and it was no problem for me to get the 'special burger toppings' on the beef burger.  To wash down my burger, I ordered the Creme Brulee milkshake.The burger came out and was very good...I would definitely go there again for a high-quality burger.  The milkshake, it wasn't great, definitely good, but not great.  There just wasn't a strong enough creme brulee flavor for me.  The wife had some sort of veggie burger that she liked and a glass of wine that she also enjoyed.  We thought that the bill was reasonable.  We would definitely consider going back to Zinburger.
4	3.5 starsThis was my second Fox concept restaurant experience in as many days, and again, it was okay... but it didn't rock my world.  However, it was superior to Sauce and Olive & Ivy... and probably as enjoyable as Modern Steak.My mother was in town this weekend, and we decided to do some shopping at Biltmore Fashion Park.  We needed to fuel our engines, and wanted to try something different than Cheesecake Factory.  We liked the breezy openness of Zinburger, which is what drew us in.  Our server was young, a little hyper, and was completely unprepared to answer our questions regarding the menu or to offer us any recommendations.  We were left to our own devices, though he was prompt.  We had our food quickly... though the fact that we dined in between lunch and dinner probably had more to do with it than the quality of his service.The portions are quite large, and we were both full after splitting the sliders (which are not on the menu, and were a daily special) and an order of zucchini fries.  We were both very impressed with the quality of the zucchini fries, which were delicious.  The sliders were alright - the meat was tasty, but the bread and lettuce left something to be desired.  Our parking chip was validated for two hours, which spared us from paying for our very excellent parking spot.  Considering we did not purchase dessert and shared our meal, our tab was very reasonable, and we both left full.  The decor was bright and brazen... and we both thought it was pretty reminiscent of Chick-fil-A.  We both left pretty happy, and it wasn't a bad experience... but yet again, I don't know that it was so memorable that I'd be telling my friends about it or taking my close friends there to dine.
4	Situated snug in the middle of the Biltmore Fashion Park, Zinburger has become the spot for fun, hip, milkshake and burger eating delights. While I've been there four times now (once just for the Black Lager Float) I have to say that every trip has led to a very delicious experience. Last night's order: Samburger with a fried egg. So I've had this burger  before, but without the egg... let me just say, I don't think I can order this sandwich without the egg anymore.. it made it that much better.  But that's just me. I'm into eggy things (almost as much as I'm into smoked meats and cheeses.. but I'll save that for another day.. BTW.. is there a Salumi place anywhere in Phoenix?)Side wise, I've had the regular fries, the truffle fries, the sweet potato fries, and the zucchini fries... all very good and seasoned well. To make your meal more interactive and fun.. get your fries as a semi-appetizer that lingers around just long enough to say 'Hi' to the burgers as they come out. Otherwise.. you'll be waiting around while your beef gets cooked up.If I had to give one negative remark, it would have to be regarding the wine selection. For a joint that actively says.. "Hey.. we do burgers and wine"... I'd have to say the job of Zinburger's sommelier is rather dull. Would you like to spend 5 bucks.. or 7 bucks? (I'm partly exaggerating)Overall, the burgers are good, the fries are good.. and the wine.. well who drinks wine with burgers unless you're trying to make yourself look more sophisticated then you actually are. Just kidding, I love you, you know that right?
2	Zin, where Medium means Bloody Rare and soggy fries.   Service was fast and fair but what it really comes down to is the food and Zin isn't pulling it off.  $36 for one burger and two fries .... Nah, no thanks.   Slightly heart broken that the fries had no crunch.  I mean zero. Sigh.Points for outdoor seating and that's a seasonal pleasure cruise.  I won't try it again.
4	I went here last night with a party of 4 at about 7:30 and it was pretty busy.  We waited about 15 mins for a table on the patio.  The inside was pretty noisy so I'm glad we got to sit outside.  The decor of the place is pretty weird/different but I guess that's what people want.Our waitress was helpful and friendly and my diet coke refills came quickly.Our party split the Roasted Chicken Salad without the chicken.  It was interesting and pretty good.  Not really enough to share with 4 people though.  I don't understand why this place doesn't have just regular side salads.Both the Zinburger and the Kobe burger were top noch.  The patties were fresh, juicy and cooked perfectly.  They were decently sized as well.  Not really worth $10+, but I can deal with it because they were good.The sweet potato fries were very good.  Not oily or mushy.  I did not enjoy the yogurt sauce stuff because it was just a weird combination.  I loved loved loved the double truffle fries though.  I could eat an entire basket of those things by myself.  I thought the zucchini fries were just 'eh.  I think they lacked flavor and should have been a bit more crunchy.Anyway, I really liked this place.  The parking and waiting for a table  is a pain in the butt but I would like to come back soon.
3	Let me start by saying I'm generally a big Fox Restaurant fan. I was excited to try Zinburger and finally got there with some friends. I split a turkery burger, sweet potato fries and the chocolate mint milkshake with a friend. Let's start with my favorite part of the meal - the milkshake! It was amazing and delicious and I'd certainly order this again (probably one for just me though!). My next favorite dish were the fries - perfectly done with the right amount of crunch and softness. They come with a yogurt dipping sauce - it's fine but completely unnecessary. Sadly, my least favorite part of the meal was the turkey burger. It was boring! It had no flavor except for the avocado on top. Where were all the great seasonings?! I'll try this place again, but would hope for more in the burgers when it's in the name.
3	I don't know if I would be categorized as a die-hard Fox-Fan - ok, maybe so, but I was a bit disappointed.  (Sorry Sam, here's my 1st 3-star for you - and I've written over a dzn rvws with 4+ stars for you). I had visited the Tucson location about half a dozen times previous to coming here. Turkey burger was boring. I had forgotten that nothing comes with your burger - you would think that for $9-12 for a burger you would get a side?  Nope.  So is a burger here worth $15?  (how can u not have a side?) Nope.  Did the bill justify what was experienced?  Nope.  A side salad was miniscule, albeit tasty. So, over-all I was bummed in the end.  I think I'll be back, but only for their specials mid-afternoon where appies are 50% off, along with half-off wine, which would then be value for what you get.  Yes.
3	I wish I could give this review 3.5 stars.  I like the layout, the space, the decor and the vibe was good (up until about 8:45pm and then the restaurant was DEAD) but for the price the food was just okay and the burgers were WAY too salty. Like, holy crap salty. We started with the chopped salad which was good (but small) and a couple different orders of fries - all yummy. The service was great - the hostess, bartender and our waitress - just wish the burger matched the rest of it. We left feeling "eh" - and not planning our next trip back. Its an easy place to grab a Friday night dinner, decent food and vibe, but nothing to rave about.
5	Dang. Best burger in Phoenix imho. Really like the zucchini fries. One of my new fav's in Phx. Highly recommend. Haven't been able to pull out six bucks for a shake yet tho.
4	My girlfriends and I started a dinner club and Zinburger was the first selection. I enjoyed it! I had a difficult time deciding between burgers (the homemade veggie burger with tomato marmalade- which I'm obsessed with right now- sounded so good). I was very hungry, so I decided I needed some beef. I ordered the Zinburger well done (yes, I like my hamburger meat practically burned and yes, I know carcinogens are bad). The burger comes topped with Manchego Cheese and wine braised onions. I nixed the mayo and added avocado. I ate every last bite of the buger (except for the slice of avocado that shot out of the burger and across the table - oops). We all shared sweet potato fries and truffle fries, which were both very good! I personally didn't prefer their dipping sauces... yogurt (tzaziki style) and truffle aioli (seemed more like plain mayonaise). Our waitress was excellent! Very attentive and informative about the food options.I'd like to go back and try more!
5	We ate at the Zinburger in Tucson and loved it!  So glad they opened one here... can't wait to go!
4	I'm very glad that I gave Zinburger a second chance... they have certainly redeemed themselves.On our first visit (with the 4-year-old, mind you), we were told the wait was 5-10 minutes... 25 minutes later, we were finally sat... with an incredibly annoyed child in tow.  We didn't have the greatest service (slow, forgotten items, etc), and I was shocked by the high price tag of a child's meal.  I really wish that they would put this on the menu... I definitely would have just shared my own burger with the kid, if I had realized!  HOWEVER - the Creme Brulee shake was just incredible.  The light dusting of salty goodness on top just sends it over the edge!  Since the shake was so unbelievable, I decided to give Zinburger another chance last night.  My sister and I were seated after a very short wait (appropriately estimated this time - improvement noted!), and our lovely waitress, Nikki, overheard me relaying my first experience to my sister.  Much to our surprise, our waitress had the manager, Danielle, come over and chat with us about our previous experience... and she graciously comp'd our divine milkshake.  Now, THIS is a way to change slightly irritated customers into raving fans.  I loved that they took the time to acknowledge my concerns and went to extra lengths to make sure I was satisfied.  I will definitely return - as soon as I need a "fix" of milkshakes and yummy burgers.
4	I went here last night on a random whim, I have stalked Mojo yogurt (next door) for several weeks now (going at least 1x a week). I always passed by Zinburger but didn't think to go there for dinner. I was pleasantly surprised that the prices weren't too pricey, and the food was really great.We ordered the Snickers shake to split, amazing! I think it may be only for the summer so hurry in and get one because it was delish! Truffle fries with dipping sauce were really great to share.I got the turkey burger (next time no mayo) and traded the swiss for pepper jack. My friend got the Kobe burger, said it was fantastic. Service was good, fast turn around on the food/shake.Overall good meal, and I will return!
4	I came here with a friend for lunch, and really liked my experience.  My friend arrived early, and there was about a 30 minute wait.  He got a tag thingy and waited for me to arrive.When I got there, the place was reasonably busy.  I loved the decor, and the hostesses were wonderful.  After we were seated, our server took our order.  The menu is simple, with a few different options to choose from.  I wasn't feeling particularly fancy, so I went with a regular hamburger.  We also ordered sweet potato fries which were delicious.  Both of us had a really good time here.  The staff were really on top of things, checking in on us constantly and always refilling our drinks. I liked the decor too....I thought it was rockin cool!I probably will be back in the future!
4	we need another burger joint, like gulfs need bp's crude like  double-dip inflation, or transfattening, fast food   like movies about vampires, or idol, season tenwe need another burger joint, like britney & kevinthe federlines, or sisters, kardashianbut then again, i wouldn't mind, pics of kim's ass againwe need another burger joint, like futbol's, vuvuzelalike phoenix needs more food blogs, besides my fav, chow bella we need another burger joint, like a super big gulpwasn't thirty-two ounces, of soda, big gulp enough?we need another burger joint, like earth needs global warminglike neighbors needed hummers, or starbucks every morningwe need another burger joint. like dbacks need aj hinchthis just in, forget it, the skipper has been ditchedwe need another burger joint, like nashville needs more hatslike soCal needs more 'zonies, and oprah needs more fatwe need another burger joint, like another housing bustor another outlet mall, in dollar stores we trustwe need another burger joint , like realtors need their picsglamor shots on business cards, and a six percent, commishwe need another burger joint, like we need nancy gracestill yappin', joran van der sloot, and the aruba case we need another burger joint, so sheriff joe can goin and raid their kitchen crew, to pump up his ego we need another burger joint, like rush needs oxycotinlike hannity's insanity, and fellow states, boycottin' we need another burger joint, like tiger needs a loveror folks saying, amaaaazzing!, you're sounding dumb and dumberwe need another burger joint, like catholics need more prieststill molesting alter boys, or foie gras from the geese         like az needs 1070, like amare needs more moneylike yankees need more superstars, and d'backs, more nobodieswe need another burger joint, like affliction and ed hardy the uni of scottsdale's dbs, decked, and out to partywe need another burger joint, like viagra in prime time and my kids always asking me, do i need that for mine?don't need another burger joint, or an 'i' anythinggot every generation, of every single thingapples made, the last ten years, mastered, planned obsolescenceno we don't need more burger joints, yet, every chef's, obsessionis another burger joint, like  frkin' cupcake storesand the frozen yogurt shops, could there possibly be more?don't need another burger joint, but what does one expecti mean, c'mon kids, after all, it's fox restaurant, CONCEPTSso sure, they had to do it, and do it well, sam hasburgers, shakes and vino, fam friendly too, whereasdelux, the grind and others, feel much more like a barso when I bring the family, Zinburger's best, by farthe space is trick, staff cheerful, cow graphics on the wallmisted, spacious patio, the foods good, overalldon't need another burger joint, or how they each describetheir beef, kobe or grass feed...it all comes from one hindquarter or another, seasoned, cheese, some breadyep, we don't need more burger joints, so how 'bout this instead?we pick the best one of the bunch, i'm giving it to Zinand ask that all the other joints, huddle and beginto retool their restaurants, something like....."viking food"now there's a unique concept, and one phoenix could use ; )
3	The yougurt dipping sauce is delish!
5	We happened upon this place on Sunday. We had our 2 1/2 year old with us and she was yelling about being hungry. We quickly ducked into Zinburger. All three of us had burgers. The kid's burger was huge and it came with fries. We also ordered the sweet potato fries. The people around us had milkshakes and they looked delicious. I also noticed fried zucchini and figure next time I'll order those instead of fries. We were in a rush and had something at 6 pm. We told the waiter we were in a hurry. He was great, friendly and accommodating. We were seated next to the hostess stand and my daughter kept trying to engage the folks standing there. Everyone was so nice. My constructive feedback would be that I ordered my burger medium well and I received it medium rare. It still tasted yummy and I ate it. Had it been served that way to my hubby - he would not have been able to stomach the red juice flowing from the burger.
5	Yumma, yumma, YUMMY!! I was at the Biltmore and craving a hamburger for lunch.  I decided to stop in at Zinburger.  The place was packed ; however, I found a spot at the bar and within 15 minutes the bartender took my order and my burger was right in front of me.  I ordered the Zinburger.  The burger was cooked to perfection.I will definitely be back and I will bring others to enjoy Zinburger's wonderful burgers.
4	It seems that burgers are all the rage right now. Burger joints are popping up all over the Valley. I had heard great things about Zinburger, including from my Tucson in-laws, so my husband and I decided to try the place out. We arrived at Zinburger at about 7pm on a Saturday night. The place was packed so we grabbed a beer to wait by the bar. Two seats opened up at the bar and we decided to have our dinner there. It was a bit too loud to really have a conversation with the bartenders if we wanted to, plus they seemed very busy, so we looked over the menu and with the recommendation help of some of my Twitter friends, we made a decision on our meal. My husband and I decided to split the Zinburger and the Turkey Burger with a side of Zucchini fries and sweet potato fries. I drank a Widmer and hubby had a couple glasses of Tobin James Zinfandel. A really yummy, jammy inexpensive wine. Our fries came out first and they zucchini fries were fantastic. The sweet potato fries were "so-so" and the dipping sauce that accompanied them had to of been a mistake. It tasted like a cucumber sauce for a Gyro. Our burgers came out and all I gotta say is DELISH. Wow. I wasn't sure about having a turkey burger for dinner, but it was fantastic. Lots of flavor from the garlic in the meat mixture. I wish my hubby had ordered it with the mayo, but it was darn good. The signature burger is the Zinburger and it definitely was tasty. Super savory and juicy from the Manchego Cheese & Zinfandel Braised Onions. I wasn't thrilled to eat warm, super soggy shredded lettuce on the burger though. They should take that off or maybe use an iceberg leaf.All in all, great burgers. In fact, I now think the Zinburger is my favorite burger. That honor used to go to Delux.Oh, if you do decide to get some wine, be careful. They charged $10 for a glass of the Tobin James Zinfandel.  You can get a bottle of that for about $12-$13 at Cost Plus, etc. The mark up on the glasses of wine are ridiculous.
3	Zin Burger has some pretty good burgers, but not as good as Delux.I have had the Zin Burger and the Turkey Burger. The Zin burger is good but nothing out of this world. i would recommend if you want a good burger. The turkey burger on the other hand is VERY good. One of the best turkey burgers I've ever had. The only turkey burger I've had that was better is at the Yard House. Overall, Zin Burger is good and worth checkin out.
2	I think that I will have to go back and try Zinburger again and not try the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich. My bad. I am at a burger joint and should try the burger. The sweet potato fries were good, but did not enjoy the sauce. I think that just because other places are making yummy burgers, does not mean that another "me too" can deliver that same special something that they have. I am just saying...
4	I do enjoy my FRC restaurants.  They're all so hip and cool-looking.  I had the Sam burger, which the special of the week.  It was bacon and two types of cheese.  The burger was huge, juicy, and oh-so-flavorful.  I am a glutton for punishment and also ordered the apple pie shake and banana cream pie.  Man alive, that stuff is GOOD!  The banana cream pie is made daily and has huge chunks of bananas, and the crust is perfect.  The shake is as the name states, and tastes like the pie in liquid form.  As you can guess, I left the place with a food gut!
1	I'm sorry.  I did not like this place.  Food was OK,  we had two burger's, fries and a drink each.....cost us over fifty bucks.  Too much for so little, will not be back.
3	Zinburger is very good. Not quite as good as Delux in the taste category (just by a tiny bit) but far superior overall experience due to an extremely friendly and helpful staff, and far far better seating comfort.
4	Two words: Butterfinger Shake.  Two more words: Life Changing.  Loved the large selection, and the location is great and centrally located!  Service was good, it was lunchtime when my friend and I were there and the place was packed, but it was definitely not reflected in our service!  Of  course I had to try the house burger (purely for research, haha), so I ordered the Zin Burger and it was great.  I don't know if I would go so far as to say it tops the Deluxe Burger from Deluxe, but definitely comparable.  Oh and did I mention the butterfinger shake :)?
4	GREAT BURGERS!!! Went here on a weeknight. It was still busy enough that we had to wait 15 minutes for a table. The staff was really nice and took good care of us. We all loved our burgers: ZinBurger, Turkey Burger, Weekly Special, and Kobe Burger. Burgers are about $10 and then sides are $6ish. We got almost all of the sides but I highly suggest the Zucchini straws - amazing! The burgers were large and juicy. It is a bit pricey. You decide if it is worth it. I tried the Bacon Bloody ($8). I love bloody mary's and i love bacon so i was pumped for the marriage of the two. It arrived with a piece of bacon as the garnish - nice touch. Sadly, it fell a bit short for me but the two boys loved it. The drink tastes exactly like it sounds but it was pretty intense. The decor is a bit odd. There is a huge mural of cows grazing on the wall while we you chow down on that exact fury friend. Kind of creepy but we went with it. It was great overall! Love the Biltmore area. I really enjoy Fox Concepts restaurants. Eat and be merry!
4	AWESOME veggie burger. Great zucchini fries. Good beer on tap. Great additions to add to your burger. My friend liked her cocktail. Solid place.
4	"So I'm guessing truffles are kinda like tomatoes?""No, boyfriend. It's a kind of mushroom"Even after waiting in line for 15mins (gets packed here cos all the office people come out) We couldn't decide between the truffle fries, sweet potato fries or the zucchini straws so we got all of them. Our piggy asses stuffed each light, crispy and bursting with flavor chip into our holes dipping in all the different sauces waiting for our meaty burgers. All of which have their own distinct smell and all are just as good. I say everyone picks a side - and share.Needless to say - $16ish for a burger is a lot of money. I got the kobe one with mushrooms and swiss, while boyfriendy got the normal cheeseburger. While both the burgers were grilled to our desires (mine, medium rare that's cool and pink in the middle and boyfriendy's medium well's brown) I'm pretty sure we could get the same effect with Costco's burger patties and my Dad's cooking skills.We missed out on the dessert because we were just stuffed from the burger and fries - they messed up on an order of salad and charged us for a cheaper one (should have been free!) and we sat outside by the mist-ti-fiers before heading out to Paradise cookie.Overall - good location, they validate your parking, kinda-sexpensive and not overall healthy. BUT - a gourmet burger joint is a gourmet burger joint and not one to miss if you're in the area.
4	Really good burgers, truffle fries and HUGE shakes!The wait on a Saturday afternoon was about 20+ minutes, but we found seats at the bar right away.  The restaurant is fairly small, but there is a large patio.  The burgers were cooked perfectly, the truffle fries and sauce were to die for and the Strawberry Cheesecake shake was gigantic and yummy!  We spent $40 on two burgers, one set of fries and one shake, so this place isn't cheap, but it sure is delicious!
5	This is a fantastic spot. The dining room itself is fairly small, but there's a lot patio space outside. I'm not too sure how I'd feel about that on a very hot or cold day, but it's great for a temperate night. The burgers are amazing. Zinburger has a small selection, with a few toppings, and you can add plenty of other fixings for a couple of dollars. I had their special of the week. The name of it already escaped me, but it was topped with guacamole and pico de gallo, and was unbelievable. They also serve phenomenal sweet potato fries.For desert we split one of their milkshakes. It was creme brulee shake. It was good.  The shakes are 20 ounces, so sharing was probably a good way to go.The staff is really friendly, and the food came out. fast  The drinks were also refilled on a regular basis, and super quick.
4	Wine and Burgers...two things that I admire and enjoy so much.  This restaurant fills both of those needs in a stylish, modern looking location on the front side of the Biltmore Fashion Park.  There are several burgers, sandwiches, and salads to choose from that are all created nicely.  Also not to forget any of their different style of fries and shakes that will helpful in a sinfully delightful experience.  Prices are moderate to near the high end for the type of cusine, but pretty much in line for the area.  The inside has a large wall/mural of cows grazing which is somewhat strange, but I'd say it's different in a good way.  Earth tones are abundant throughout creating a natural, relaxed atmosphere.  The place can get very loud when busy however.  With the design of the restaurant I don't think much or any attention was focused on the acoustics.  I wouldn't recommend coming here for a quiet time.This is another restaurant that the Fox Restaurant group has created well receiving an instant buzz.  Great location, very good food, excellent service ,and a upbeat atmosphere.
3	I was not really fond of this place.  It had a good vibe and I had really good service.  The food was not the best thing I had ever tasted and the place was very loud.I will tell you that the Ahi Tuna burger I got was really good but the sweet potato fries were ok.I live kind of far for this place and I would rather go to delux for a burger or in and out or chuck box or smashburger.Good for groups of 2-6Recommendation: If your close by and need a good lunch stop in but not worth any trek out.
3	The place is ok, but not great. Everything is a la carte and the prices can add up pretty fast. Get a nice burger with few topping plus fries and a drink and you are looking at around $20/person. Delux is just as good, if not better, and delivers a better price.That said, my burger was tasty and the zucchini fries were good as well. Not sure that I would go back, but worth a least a try.
4	My buddy, Jeff K., gave this place glowing reviews and recently got me to go and try the burger. wow. Places like Fez, Switch, Stax, etc, seem to rely on the sauce and fixin's...Zinburger relies on its meat.  They LEGITIMATELY "cook to order" and the toppings are fairly simple...nothing new...but the quality of meat makes the burger as "mouth-wateringly" delicious as a burger can be.It doesn't get my full five stars, because paying a minimum of $10 for a burger (and NOTHING ELSE on the plate) is a bit ridiculous in a town where quality burgers are being sold on specials for between $3 and $5 WITH fries or salads!Methinks the Fox restaurants are just a TINY bit pretentious.
3	3.5 stars.A fancy burger place with wine. Therefore, you only find selections of burgers, a few salads and fries, and of course wine. Came here for a late lunch with parents after shopping, around 2pm, and still got a 10 mins wait (I guess it's saturday). Dad had the Plain & Simple burger, the meat was very juice, surprisingly delicious. Mom and I shared the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich (yea, i know it's a burger place...) and the hand cut fries. The waitress was really nice, she had our sandwich cut into half and served in two plates with dressings on the side. The fries came in a bucket, enough for three of us. The chicken was really good as well, the meat was tender. But the fries are just so so, honestly, I'd prefer the McDonald's fries.Everything a la carte so your bill adds up fast. Our waitress was much nicer than the hostess.
3	Been really wanting to try Zinburger and finally made it, geez...I got the Zinburger as is and my companion added bacon.  It was a pretty good burger.  Though I enjoyed the sweet potato fries and the double truffle fries more...  But, the companion said it was probably one of the best burgers he had eaten...Personally, I won't be rushing back to Zinburger, but I'll probably be spending my time and money at one of his other dwellings, oh bloody hell!
4	First time at Zinburger; had a party of 4 on Friday; had to wait about 15 minutes; just what the hostess had said, I like that!!!  Now, the food; simple menu; but I got the speciality the Zinburger, but got mushrooms instead of grilled onion; delicious - it was cooked to perfection.  One of  my friends got the Samburger, he really seemed to enjoy it.  Another friend got the turkey burger; someone that has been to Zinburger before and told us what sides to order; devoured his turkey burger in no time flat.  Our other friend who only eats fish had the Ahi Sandwich; really enjoyed it.  The sweet potato fries & double truffle fries were awesome.  Also, split the banana creme pie between the 4 of us - YUMMY.  The service was great.  I will be back.
3	I can't explain my current obsession with burgers. I seem to go through this every once in a while. Maybe as my body prepares for winter. (Concerning since it is currently 112.) BUT burgers are my rage. Good thing Honey likes to feed his inner carnivore as well. We've been busy.We did Zinburger in Tucson early in the summer and had a pretty good experience. Burgers were great, fries were a little more flimsy and undercooked than I liked but held enough promise and flavor (say TRUFFLE) for a repeat attempt. Service was awesome. Now it proved time to join the crowds on Camelback and see how Phoenix's Zinburger ranks. The place is cute but - and this may just be ME (ME being from Wisconsin, the land of cheese and dairy farms and cows wandering along the side of the road) - but why do you choose to have a mural of cows in a burger joint? I care NOT to be reminded of the fact that I am eating an animal. And a nice one at that. Cows say Moooo and entertain my daughters and provide the "nilk" at our dinner table. How does this entice your customers? Am I supposed to look at the picture of the cows in the pasture and salivate? No. Instead I considered a PETA move and almost went for a gallon of paint. I digress. Service was EXCEPTIONAL. We ordered a bottle of Tilia Malbec Syrah(Yum), the Samburger, zucchini fries and of course, the infamous double truffle fries. Fries first...again, not sure if I agree with this move. I like to switch between bites of burger and fistfuls of fries and prefer not to fill up on the fries before I have a chance to even try my much needed MEAT. Next time I will ask that it all comes in one fell swoop. Fries were perfect. The zucchini fries were thick, appropriately seasoned and breaded and had yummy dip. The truffle fries were SICK. So freaking good. Like stash-them-in-your-purse-for-later good. Burger was kindly split for us and perfectly cooked. Bun was super soft, as was the burger (med-rare). It was a good burger. It was not the best burger. I have other burgers that speak to me more than Zinburger. But that's okay. You will like this burger. Overall, I'm not sure it's as gourmet as some of the other places we frequent for burgers, but it is solid. Classic, if you will. The fries will keep me coming back. As long as I am not facing the wall of grazing cows, that is.
4	Zinburger = HANGOVER CURE!Aside from that, the burgers are deeeeelicious and the ambiance is great as well. But let me start from the beginning..I wake up to a pounding headache and not feeling too hot as a whole..you know, when the thought of eating breakfast (eggs especially) makes you want to lose it. So, when my friend invited me to venture to Zinburger, I was excited. Not about moving...but about burgers. While en route to the restaurant, my friend calls and tells me that they have a Bacon infused vodka bloody mary and if she wanted me to order one. Ummm...YES???? Liquid bacon plus vodka in the form of a bloody mary? Mommy daddy...yay!!!!!! I arrive to this delicious beverage screaming my name, a sunny spot on the patio and just a prefect/fun atmosphere. The bloody mary alone was to die for. I had to refrain from eating the glass...On to the food..burgers...and lots of them. Not to forget the sweet potato fries and other yummies. The burgers were great. Maybe only us people, who are completely obsessed with burgers, can truly appreciate a good burger. Others should opt for McDonalds. I don't care what you say..you can taste the difference: the meat, the cheeses, the buns, the lettuce...everything. Why the four stars? Because Delux still has the crown...
1	Never got our food, we had to tell the waitress we were leaving then the manager brought our food. At least they didn't charge us.
5	Last time I went to Zinburger I was wearing a black dress, and the hostess switched out the white napkin with a black one.... real classy.
2	This place is OK. Just OK. Don't expect a "wow, this. is. the. best. burger. ever."  Although the Kobe Burger is pretty good. A little overpriced too. The ambiance and decor is cool.
3	Zinburger is good, but not great. Waiting for a table over 10 minutes is not worth it. My party decided to eat outside. I do like this place more than Delux.. My favorite part of Zinburger was the truffle fries. These fries are great!My burger was good, but a bit dry. The bacon on my burger was very tasty. The bun seemed fresh and homemade.I was disappointed in my Kit Kat shake. The shake did taste good, the chocolate was good, but didn't taste like a Kit Kat. I think there was a small chunk of Kit Kat at the bottom of the glass. Not worth $5.The service was very good. The server was attentive and filled our drinks on a reasonable schedule.Overall, this place falls below what I like in a burger. Maybe I just like a nice juicy greasy burger and not the trendy place that happens to serve a burger.
3	I think I'm kind of torn on this place. Strictly for the food, it's a good burger. I had the samburger (I think that's what it was called) cheese, bacon, lettuce, and thousand island dressing. It was cooked medium, just like I requested, and it was a good sized meal (I only ate half, and was full). The bun was a tasty wheat bread, and the meat was of great quality, good texture, and great flavor. I also split an order of sweet potato fries, which were good, but nothing to write home about. I'd be interested to try the zucchini fries they have though. The beer selection here is good, some non standards on tap, such as Left Hand Polestar Pilsner (which was a bit disappointing compared to some of LH's other offerings, but that's nothing against the restaurant) and one of my favorites, Deschutes Black Butte Porter. Pricing on the drinks was as expected for the upscale area, at $5.50/pint. I do regret not trying the milkshakes, because they looked damn good, but quite frankly, I just can't eat that much. The menu is simple, but offers enough variety to keep in interesting. So far so good, right???? Well, here's where I become torn. The burgers are $10+, fries were extra at $6 (shared) and the beers were $5.50/pint. So, for two burgers, a split order of fries, two pints, tax, and tip, I spent over $60. Yes, it was good, but $60 for burgers and fries seems a bit steep, no matter how good. Not helping their cause, is Delux. If I remember correctly, the burgers at Delux were around $8, and were just as good, or maybe even better, fries were still shared, and their beer selection terrific! (selection is good, but it's all on tap, which scores big points in my book) In the end, the magic adjective is "good."  Zinburger is good. The service was good, helpful, and nice, and the place had a good ambiance and vibe. If it were a little less expensive and/or Delux didn't exist, this would be my go to burger joint in the area.
2	With the day off and being in the area, we thought it would be a great opportunity to try Zinburger. Besides, out of town coworkers liked the burgers so much they ate there two nights in a row. Also, most of the Fox Restaurants are usually decent and with their 25% off Labor Day enticement, why not? However, it was a huge disappointment! We passed True Food on our way to the entrance, which was not busy while Zinburger was bustling. Busy seemed like a good, initial sign. The wait was 20 minutes for a table inside, so we opted to sit outside immediately thinking the misters would help with the heat and that we could avoid the wait, order and eat fast. That was not the way it turned out. We were seated in the side patio, in direct sunlight and the misters sprayed in the opposite direction. If there was water, that would've helped but it didn't come until 20 minutes after we ordered. By that time, we were ready to pass out. The sweet potato and zucchini fries that arrived 15 minutes later, were not bad. Then, 10 minutes later, the burgers arrived. My order was for a Zinburger cooked to medium.  Once it was cut into half, the meat was red and raw in the middle.  Medium to me is pink, not RED.  Immediately, the bun and condiments got soggy from the greasy, oily juice and fat oozing from the meat patty.  My fingers and nails became soiled from the fluid.  I could not eat the other half since the meat was raw and everything else was soaked in the greasy oil, leaving the most undesirable appearance and texture.  Also, the waiter was so scarce and service so slow, that sending it back was not an option.  This ranks among one of least pleasing burgers ever, and certainly pales in comparison to other burgers eaten in the same price range.  Given that both the food and service experience was so dreadful, we will never dine here again.
3	The burger i ordered was extremely delicious. Very tender, great flavor, and the bun was great too. The dining experience in general however was poor, unorganized, and soooooo slooooowwwww. The servers didn't know who was handling our table, we had to wait for literally 30 minutes before we got our burgers, then when were done, we waited another long while before the had the check, and even longer before they returned it for us to sign, then they didn't leave a pen.Overall, i'd rather order a burger to go.
1	FailBurgerAs i said in my review of Delux... I'm still looking for a great burger place in central phx.  This place let me down.  Not that the food was terrible, but it was just mediocre.  First of all, I had to wait for a table... Usually a good sign!  The waitress was about 16, she knew nothing about wine and was totally incabable of answering questions.  The waitstaff bus their own tables, so it takes longer to turn them.  Then a 17 year old server was arguing with the 16 year old hostess about seating his section.  Terrible.People... sweet potato fries taste pretty much the same everywhere, lets calm down... mmmkay?  Thanks.  This place blows a hole.  Fox Restaurant Concepts is hit or miss.  Bloom is a miss, True Food is a Hit, ZinBurger is a miss, Sauce is a hit.  etc etc etc.  If you want a good burger and an overpriced bottle of wine that the server knows nothing about... i suggest going to 5Guys Burgers, grab one to go... and get a bottle of wine from the grocery store... just pick one with the coolest label.  Same result.
2	I'm sorry to say this because I love Fox Concepts restaurants but Zinburger has been my biggest disapointment of the places I have dined since I moved here.  My boyfriend and I were looking for a great burger place for a date and my friend suggested this place.  For starters, our server was terrible!  I have been a server before and I understand that sometimes bad things happen at certain table throughout the night but wow girlfriend, serving is not for you.  The girl brought us a completely wrong meal the first time and forgot what we ordered.  When we waited for our actual meals to be brought out she still forgot the bacon on my burger and my boyfriends sweet potato fries.  MY boyfriend never got his requested sauces, no water refills, etc-disaster.  At the end the server ended up charging me for a Kobe burger (which I did not order and is more expensive) and did not apologize for any of the mistakes.I ordered my burger medium and got it raw.  Trust me I like things a little on the rare side but this wasnt edible.  I ordered fresh mozzarella on my burger hoping for a nice thick creamy slice of cheese and I swear I got 1 slice of kraft singles.  The truffle fries were good.Like I said before I love Fox Concepts and I usually dont rate places very bad but this place was not good and not what I was expecting.  I would have rather had a BK burger.
3	Manager Ashley Moorer saved what have would otherwise have been a disastrous experience for us tonight at Zinburger. The restaurant is a featured player in the current Arizona Restaurant Week promotion - and they were completely unprepared for how much business this promotion would draw. As a result, we had to wait 25 minutes for a table. Interestingly - it was interesting when you weren't the one waiting for the table - tables inside and outside would be cleared, and then it would take anywhere from 15 minutes to a half-hour for people to be seated at those tables ... even though the wait appeared to have gone from 25 minutes to nearly an hour.Our server was adequate, but just. Good news is that the food (Zinburger, Samburger, yogurt-dill dip for the sweet potato fries, and chocolate cream pie) really did live up to the acclaim. In the name of efficiency, we placed our dessert order with our food order, hoping to make an 8 p.m. comedy performance. It was not to be. The fries came ahead of the burgers - as an appetizer? - but the burgers took at least 20 minutes to appear. Then, the interminable wait for the dessert begain.The waiter wandered by, said the dessert order would  be out momentarily. Ten minutes passed. The waiter apologized, saying the dessert station was backed up. Ten more minutes passed. The waiter went to look in on our dessert again. Two slices of chocolate cream pie. Not chocolate soufle - just plain old chocolate cream pie.Finally - someone other than the server brought the pie. And, immediately after that, the manager herself came over to see us. Which means the waiter, who we thought was doing a pretty poor job all along, had the foresight to get his manager involved.She explained that the staff had been overwhelmed with the Restaurant Week response, but she knew it wasn't an excuse. To make amends, she offered us free dessert on a future visit. I told her the food was good, but not nearly good enough to warrant the wait - and that we probably would not be returning to the restaurant in the future. That was when she stepped up and offered to treat us on the house - and serve us herself! - if we'd be willing to give her another try.Also, she comped tonight's bill.All in all, stellar performance by a manager who wanted to make things right for unhappy customers.And, as I told my boyfriend, it's likely good news for all the coming Restaurant Week patrons, as there's no excuse, going forward, for the poor service.Thanks, Ashley Moorer. You saved the day!
2	I am tough on burger joints. My allegiance lies elsewhere...... but I seriously gave Zinburger a 150% shot. First of all, who wants to dine on a huge burger while staring a huge mural of a cow in the face? Not me! Makes me feel bad. Probably a big reason I am a fan of Chic'fil'A, eating chicken while staring at a cow, awesome! Anyway..... the decor is cool enough, other than the giant cow watching you eat his cousin. On to the food. $10-13 for a burger seems to be a standard these days for the upscale burger joints. So, it didn't really bother me. If it came with a side it would have been perfect. So the roommie and I want to get a good taste of everything so we shared a few options; the turkey burger, a glorified bacon/cheddar burger, double truffle fires, zucchini fries and a mint chocolate shake. 1.) Turkey burger - probably the best I have ever had. Perfectly cooked, great flavor and seasoning and the toppings were great. Cabbage rather than lettuce is a genus idea! 2.) Bacon/cheddar burger - meh.... could have gone without ever having this thing in my life. First of all we asked for it to be cooked medium and when it showed up the bun was a bloody mess, I would call that rare. The bacon and thousand island dressing battled to the death and neither won. Way too over powering for such a dominating burger. Over all, wouldn't order it again, ever! 3.) Truffle fires - how do you f*** up truffle fries? It's damn near impossible. They were great. I could tell they were freshly cut and were served with an awesome aoli. Get 'em! 4.) Zucchini fries - blech! Almost sent them back just to get them out of my face. Looked awesome and tasted worse than original Cheerios. The batter they are in sucks, is soaked up all the oil from the fryer, and were as soft as noodles. I tried to make myself eat 3 of them but couldn't take it anymore. and finally... 5.) Mint chocolate shake - it was okay, in the most generous way. Way too much milk was added so within 5 minutes is had morphed into this sloppy-slushy-watered down concoction that bored me. Flavor alone, great! But the texture, disappointing. I will stick with the Diner, where they know how to do it right. I have to say the staff was great. Very friendly and were there to take care of any need we had. But for the food itself, I will only ever be back for my once every other month turkey burger craving.
4	I suggest Trying the $14 Kobe Burger. It was amazing. It was a little wait for a seat ...usually a good sign. Also a little wait for the food, so dont come by yourself.We grabed some wine and both had Kobe Burgers Med. They might of been the Best burgers I've had in the valley. Way Better than Deluxe. Cant go wrong with sweet potatoe frys either.
4	Went here for restaurant week and got in on the special deal. I had the "sam burger" and my wife had the zinburger. Funny thing, either my wife was extremely hungry or it was the best hamburger of her life. You have to understand my wife, she takes her time when she eats, savors the moment, and enjoys it from start to finish. Well needless to say before I was half way done with my burger, she had completed hers. I felt like I was in the twilight zone or something, that just doesnt happen her finishing before me!I found the hamburger to be the 'right size'. It wasnt too  big, not too small. I felt comfortably full after everything.The creme brulee shake was very good. I could only get through about 3/4 of it. I definately will be visiting it again. Nice trick with the mirror giving the illusion of the place is bigger than it seems. Took me a minute to figure out it was a mirror, and not part of the restaurant.
3	Maybe my expectation was set too high but I thought it was just ok.  The atmosphere was creative and fun but the food was nothing special.  I ordered the Turkey Burger and thought it had way too many spices working and was loaded with mayo.  Even though I will try it again in the future I won't be in a huge hurry to get there.
3	So the hubs and I were starving yesterday, I say hey its the last day of restaurant week, lets go try out Zinburger...Totally didn't read the FAQ that RW is only for dinner, so that was a bummer, but oh well. We got there and a few people were standing around waiting, the hostess said it would be a 15-20 minute wait, I think we only waited about 10. Our waitress was awesome, she was really nice and quick. We both ordered Zinburgers medium well (as those fancy burger joints like to serve their burgers bloody) and a side of Fries. She asked if it was ok that the fries came out before hand and we said sure. Now, for $5 for a side of fries, I was expecting a large portion. If you go to the Original Wineburger (19th and Bethany) and order a side of fries its a small for like $2 that would easily feed 2-3 people or a BUCKET of fries for under $4 that could feed 3-4!!! So right there Zinburger looses a star, the prices are OUTRAGEOUS!!! The fries were tasty, but nothing special and certainly didn't warrant the price for the portion, the portion is a joke and isn't a good size to split with anyone. Lame. The burgers came out about 10 minutes after the fries. They were fantastic! I almost ate the whole thing (But I wanted to save room for the shakes) But again its the pricing that gets me and keeps me from giving this place 5 stars. I would have been ok spending $8 on these burgers, but $10 for a burger....that doesn't come with a side is dumb. I know its at the Biltmore and all but damn people, its JUST burgers. We ordered a kit kat shake to split. They brought out our shake in two smaller portioned glasses, that was a nice touch. The shake was good, but kinda soupy. The whipped cream is for sure out of a can. Overall it was a good experience. Would I go back? Yes. But I wont be happy about being bent over and robbed. If you want a great burger and don't want to take out a second mortgage on your house, then go to The Original Wineburger on 19th and Bethany, the burgers aren't as fancy but just as good or maybe even a tad better. The prices are right and you can order a couple Baviks and appetizers and pay less then you would at Zinburger.
4	Came here for restaurant week and was able to try the Samburger and Zinburger. I enjoyed both because the burgers were cooked perfectly and the toppings were very tasty, I liked the Zinburger a little bit more. I did not care for the french fries though, they were very basic. And the desserts are huge, 2 people can definitely split 1. Service was terrific and I liked the set up the restaurant has with bar seating inside and out.
4	We have been here about 10 times since it opened and usually it ranks as one of the best burgers in town!  We love the Kobe burger medium rare with a side of zuc fries.  The burger has a home made bun that is delicious...mushrooms and cheddar.  It is well seasoned and juicy...I'm talking double napkin!  Also, they have a Buffalo Chix sandwich that is one of the best.  The Chicken is juicy yet crispy on the outside...it is spicy so you need the ranch!  They will serve things protein style which is nice.  If you have room get the Kit Kat shake...they will split it if need be!  I left a star off because we went today and it wasn't nearly as good so I hope it was only a fluke!
5	This place is one of my favorite burger joints.  If you really appreciate a good burger, I don't think you'll be disappointed.  Kobe burger, Double truffle fries, Creme Brulee Shake and just pure joy.  First time, the burger was slightly over cooked for medium rare; but ever since I have been back multiple times and it's been prepared perfectly to my expectations.  I do believe in second chances and they won me over.  I don't get the mushroom on the Kobe; Meat is very tasty and flavorful, no need to add any toppings.  The Samburger and Zinburger are very tasty as well.  Last time I added bacon to the Zinburger, very good, and I do recommend that.  The staff are very attentive to diners needs.  I have tried a few of the Fox-RC and every time has been an excellent experience so far.  (I hope it won't change).  SF definitely has a unique and entrepreneurial vision in food industry which has, and will make him very successful.
3	Hubby, baby and I ate lunch here on a Saturday afternoon.  We were excited to eat here, as we are great fans of Fox Restaurants.During the day, this place is great for kids.  There is a nice patio with lots of open space, perfect for fitting a stroller or high chair next to a table.  It has a nice crisp ambiance, and it's great for people-watching.The menu is simple, a few burgers, a few salads, a few sides, a few deserts.  The burger options are a bit limited, but the menu does allow you to customize your burger with several toppings with variations ranging from manchego cheese, caramelized onions, avocado to truffle oil.Hubby and I decided to split the zin burger, the BLT salad and the truffle fries with truffle aioli.The zin burger was delicious.  It was topped with onions which had been caramelized in Zinfandel, manchego cheese, mayonnaise on a whole wheat bun.  The onions paired well with the cheese, and we were definitely satisfied.  The burgers are cooked to order, and it was cooked perfectly.  The burger was enormous, and we definitely felt as though to feel satisfied and full, we did not need the salad we had ordered.This was fortunate because the salad was lacking.  The bacon tasted like bacon bits, it was sprinkled with powdered parmesan cheese, the tomatoes were mealy and the "cowboy" ranch dressing tasted like Hidden Valley.  It came with what was probably romaine lettuce, but it was so pale, it looked like sad leafs of iceberg lettuce.  We were not impressed, and pretty much left the salad untouched.The truffle fries were definitely the best part of the meal.  They were golden and crispy, with just the perfect amount of truffle oil.  The aioli didn't really stand up to the fries, but was still good.All in all, while I would go back to Zinburger, it is definitely not one of the better Fox Concepts restaurants.
5	Monday night was a big one for me.  First, after a weekend of cajoling and bartering and promises and pleas, my wife finally relented and allowed me to waste tons of money we don't have on two shiny new iPhones.  So we were at biltmore and were reeling from the precipitous drop in our financial resources and, like the good consumers we are, decided to ease the hurt of one bad decision by hurriedly taking on another one. So we went to zinburger.  I could fill a book with the rationalizations used to convince myself and others that the iPhone purchase was a sensible one, but for food, all we needed to know was that our son was hungry. Sooo.  We went here and I am thrilled we did because I have probably never had a more delightful burger ever.  The eponymous burger comes with manchego cheese, which always makes me long for Barcelona, and carmelized onions.  Oh, and the moistest, succulentest, tastiest patty ever.  It was falling apart out of sheer goodness.  The flavor was sublime. We also got a fruit plate for my son, The One, the Second Coming, and it was a fruit plate worthy of his amazingness.  It had apples, dates, oranges, pomegranates, bananas, caramel sauce... and not a melon in sight.  For $3!!My wife got the vegetarian burger and looked pleased with it.  Well she actually said she liked it.  It had a tomato marmalade on a black bean patty and after making her forfeit all she knew to be good and right just so I could have my phone, I didn't have the heart to ask for a bite. Really though, the food was phenomenal.
4	This review is based on the more expensive Kobe burger that is simply the best burger in Phoenix so far.  The parking is easy, secured and with parking validation, and in close proximity with some great shopping.  Although the atmosphere is not as good as The Grind, Indulge and Deluxe, respectively, the service is the nicest, on par with Indulge.
4	In the mood for a good hamburger we visited Zinburger last week, and had the Kobe Burger and truffle fries. The Truffle Aoli offered with the truffle fries was a little much, so I tasted it in very small quantities.The Kobe Burger with mushrooms was superb- a great burger! It might have moved to my #1 spot over Delux for hamburger's. We also had the bacon cheeseburger- again - fantastic! The price is not for the faint of heart. $40 for two hamburgers and fries with iced tea for a beverage is a little on the pricey side.
3	I had to write something after my most recent visit because the turkey burger is NOT good. The turkey tasted processed; maybe because my palate is sensitive to chemicals, I don't know. It just reminded me of frozen and processed meat. This place does a good job of pretty much every other variety of burger except for that. I've had the Kobe, the veggie and the Zinburger. All good choices. Also, not a huge fan of shredded lettuce. The zucchini fries are super tasty and my sister really liked her BLT salad. We ended up there for lunch on Friday and if we hadn't found seats at the bar it would have been a 30-minute wait. The bar service was surprisingly attentive. We decided it would probably be a good spot to watch a game, too.For a Fox restaurant, this place could be better. I really like it for the atmosphere and the location but if you want a good turkey burger, go to Islands.
4	Stopped by for quick dinner at the bar (burger arrived within 10-15 minutes which was great). I wanted to change up the cheese with Manchego instead of American, so I chose the Zinburger with Manchego Cheese & Zinfandel Braised Onions (w/light mayo).  Overall a great burger, I just thought the onions overpowered the cheese. Great staff, very friendly,  and I will certainly come back and try out the Samburger (which I was told is one of the more popular burgers).
4	Best damn Zucchini Fries  I have ever had, sprinkled with parmesan and served with a home made ranch. They are in no way healthy and in every way delicious.  These things will blow your mind. My favorite is the Samburger $10, Applewood Smoked Bacon, substitute Pepperjack cheese.  I really love this place and it is in my regular rotation.
4	Wow, this place is tastiness overload!  A couple of friends and I went last week and we all liked it.  I ordered the bacon burger and had them add mushrooms... it was heaven.  I've had other gourmet burgers that were good too but, I especially like the bread bun on Zinburgers.  I was also a fan of the truffle fries... they didn't need the aoli they came with!  I don't really order sweets often but I ordered a shake too because the server was awesome enough to split it into 3 glasses for everyone at the table. The restaurant also had a cool, trendy atmosphere which was very clean.  Our server was very polite and efficient... though the kitchen did add sauce that I ask to be substituted (it was good anyway).  So why only 4 stars?  Well, it was a very expensive lunch.  3 burgers, a shake, 2 teas, and 1 fry came to almost $60.  Be prepared!  I'd still go back but, it'll be a rare treat!See ya there!
3	Have been to Zinburger twice.   During the two trips items ordered by our party were:  Zinburger, Samburger, Kobe Burger, Plain and Simple Burger,  Hand Cut Fries, Zucchini Fries, Banana Creme Pie, Iced Tea.  The best item out of the food items listed, in my opinion, was the Banana Creme Pie.   The burgers did not "Wow" me.  On top of that the food was laden with an exorbitant amout of salt.  The zucchini fries were so salty after about three bites I could not eat any more.  As previous reviewers have stated this place is expensive.    I think there are better hamburger places to be found.
3	OVERATED.  Yes the burger was good but I expect that much if I am paying over $10 for a hamburger.  Not worth the price of admission.  Smash burger is not that far away and definitely the better burger in my opinion.  Delux and the Grind are worth the money.  Zinburger is not.
4	Zinburger might be one of my favorite places.  If only my wallet loved it as much as I do.  The hamburgers and chicken sandwiches are huge and delicious.  The truffle fries are magical, especially with the dipping sauce.  I have only had milkshake, but it was creamy, thick, and chocolately.  I like the idea of being able to have wine or beer or a milkshake or all three with a burger.  I love the bar, which is massive and has both indoor and outdoor seating.  I also enjoy the giant pasture painted on the wall with the signature cows.  My gripe with Zinburger is, of course, it is pricey.  To get a milkshake, burger, and fries, you are looking at spending $25 and that's without tip.  Yikes.  Now if you come with a friend or date, you can split shakes and fries to make the price less sticker shock.  Zinburger is definitely one of the few restaurants that makes me wish I had a sugar daddy.
5	We came here on a recommendation from a Pheonix local me and my coworker knew AND on a recommendation from our hotel shuttle driver. If it was recommended by two locals, it has to be good, right? It was! We had the kobe burgers that came with cheese and sauteed mushrooms. It was excellent, the burger was full of flavor and quite large. We also tried the creme brulee shake...delish! Also the zuchinni fries and the sweet potato fries are a must have. We ordered way too much food for the two of us to finish but it was well worth the visit...we left full and satisfied. I'd recommend this to other people visiting the area.
2	Having now tried all three of Phoenix upscale Hamburger Emporiums, unfortunately Zinburger is my least favorite.The quality of the burger seemed fine, although for $10, fine doesn't seem to be enough. The regular French Fries were nice and crisp. The taste of the Burger doesn't come close to The Grind which I rate to be #1, followed closely by Deluxe. There wasn't that beefy goodness and charbroiled taste to this burgerI wanted to like this expensive burger as the location is terrific and the service, even on a slow afternoon, was quite wonderful. Unfortunately, it neither lived up to expectations or to its competitiors. If I am going to "splurge" on a Burger it is going to have to be The Grind or Delux "after hours."
5	I've tried a few local burger places now after living here for about 7 months and this one is my favorite thus far.  Their burgers are flavorful and fresh, the sweet potato fries completely scrumptious, and the potions are generous.I have tried their Buffalo Chicken sandwich as well as the Plain & Simple Burger.  Both have been more than I can consume, especially with sharing the fries.  I have also heard that the zucchini fries are like a meal within itself and look forward to trying them next time I visit.We went their for lunch and let me just say that the people watching here is rather amusing... watching an elderly lady eat a burger with a knife and fork and adding ketchup to it with her knife for each individual bite in which she cut away one at a time, was much more refined than I have ever seen anyone consume a burger.  The staff was friendly and attentive despite how occupied it was and tended to our needs accordingly. I look forward to going back sometime soon!
5	Amazing service. Our waiter knew his wines and I was pretty happy with the one I got. I love a burger joint where I can order wine with my burger. Fries with truffle oil and parmesan were delicious. Zucchini fries were interesting and good too. I got the Kobe beef burger, medium rare, with grilled onions and the regular suggested toppings. Very delicious and juicy. One of the best burgers I've had. Totally worth paying more for the Kobe beef than the regular stuff, and though I haven't tried the regular stuff I was more than satisfied with the Kobe. Their milkshakes bring the boys and girls to the yard, too. No room for dessert unfortunately.
5	Ate at Zinburger 9/24 with my wife and two friends who re-located from Milwaukee.Since I had never contemplated mixing beer and ice cream I had to satisfy my curiosity and started the evening with the Black Lager Float - that's right - an ice cream float made with a dark black lager.  Where has this cocktail / dessert been all my life!Zinburger is a la carte and be spendy (which is to say I don't know if it would work in my beloved hometown of Milwaukee).  We got one order of each of the four types of fries - loved the sweet potato fries (with yogurt dipping sauce) and the zucchini fries (with parmesan and ranch)I ordered the Samburger - Nueske's bacon, american cheese and thousand island dressing.  The meat was flavorful and cooked perfectly, the bun was fresh, warm and had some "puffiness" to it - Nueske's makes everything perfect and this burger was no exception.The decor of the place was simple and casually elegant and the vibe was energetic.  Definitely a fun and tasty night!
2	The vegetable fries are okay.  Could have used more time in the fryer.  Of all of the fox concepts, this one seemed to have been an afterthought.  The mural inside is cheeky, reminding one that you are indeed eating a cow.  But the milkshakes are really good as are the desserts, its just that when you are going for a burger, you really really want a good burger.  The burgers are just okay.  The only good one is the kobe burger, the rest taste about the same as you can get at Cheesecake factory.  The uniformed servers look and act like they were culled from a fresh training group.  They are trying though!  If you have a burger hankering, you're better off heading to Delux or Smashburger.
4	I LOVE this place. Really great date restaurant, but, they also are really great about to-go orders as well. Awesome menu, and an equally great drink menu as well. They have a daily special that rotates, but can be applied to different burger types as well (I don't eat beef, so I always get the turkey burger). They can also assure that the fries are cooked separately if you're a gluten-free kid like me. For sure try to the sweet potato fries, I think they're better here than at Delux. I also love the cucumber dipping sauce that goes along with it. It can get pretty busy on a weekend night, so be prepared to wait like 20 minutes. They also have a great bar area, and an outside seating area that has heaters in the winter.
4	This place is very clean somewhere you would want to eat at I can see the kitchen from my table which looks clean as well so that's a plus. The food was pretty good I ordered the zinburger and it was decent. Sweet potato fries were awesome as well as the dipping sauce. They also had a good selection of beers on tap. Although this was a good place to grab a burger I think that deluxe which is just up the street right off 32nd and camelback is way better.
4	Leggo my manchego. So I looove manchego cheese and am elated that I get to put it on my hamburger. I also love my burgers big and greasy. Topped with some zinfandel braised onions and it's a combination dreams are made of. The kind of burger you hold to you and whisper "never let me go". Okay, that's a little melodramatic, but damn it's a good burger. The fries are a bit of a disappointment, Delux's are better. I've only had the chocolate shake which I shared with my sister...also excellent. 4 stars for manchego-y goodness!
4	In the mooooooood for a little beef? How bout a big Zinburger? They're wonderful! Juicy, yummy and HUGE! The shakes are fabulous as well and only because the burgers are so delish have I not tried a salad. Busy, busy place and parking has gotten to be a pain at the Biltmore, but worth it...go early or late for lunch and (try to) avoid the crowds. Excellent service, too!If you're not a huge eater, split the burger because seriously they are BIG!It's a great restaurant, and worth the dough....
3	First time there, and the staff and service were very friendly. Ordered the basic burger and it was juicy and flavorful. The burgers don't come with fries, you have to order them separately. Kinda like Delux. The fries were alright, kinda plain. I had to add salt and pepper to them because they were too bland. But the burger did justice, so I really didn't care. Got a milkshake at the end and I was not impressed. It wasn't creamy like I'm used too. Service was great though, burgers were delish. I will be back-but I must add-I used to be a vegetarian and that HUGE cow on the wall is pretty distracting, kinda made me not want to eat my burger........
4	Visited Zinburger for the first time on New Years eve and was happy to find that it was open. I have lived in the area for about 3 years now and have been wanting to try it out for a while. The inside of Zinburger is modern and clean lined. You can feel that they care about beef. I mean they have huge cows on the wall, they must care about it! The only thing that was missing in that picture was a couple of UFOs. They had a hamburger on the menu called the Zinburger. I had to try it since the name of the place was Zinburger, so it must be their signature hamburger. It was 1/2 pound of hamburger with grilled onions on top. I was kind of skeptical of the grilled onion combination because I've grown up with lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mustard hamburgers. I rarely eat hamburgers anymore because let's be honest, there is a lot of shitty burgers out there and it is hard to find a good one. There really is a science to cooking the meat right and I think a lot of grillmasters foul it up. The burger I got was cooked perfectly and I was also pleased with the bun they used on the burger. This wasn't just some soggy bun you'd buy off the grocery store shelf. It was so much better than that! It was hands down the best hamburger bun I've ever tasted. I bet they make the bread in house which just shows the extent they go to make a quality burger. We also had the sweet potato fries. This is the third place I've been to in Phoenix that has had em. The dip that the sweet potato fries come with really make them taste good. I went to Zinburger and I wanted a REAL burger and I was not disappointed. Next time I go I want to try their shakes which I have since heard are really good.
5	5 stars for stellar burger and fries!I heard mixed reviews from several folks I know, about Zinburger.   As a result, I was hesitant to "waste" a rare opportunity to dine alone with my husband on a place that would be 'just OK'.THEY WERE WRONG.We got there on a bustling Friday night.  After being quickly seated, our very cute waiter (hey, i can look!) took our drink orders and swiftly fetched a few samples of beer when my dinner companion hesitated with his choice.   Good call!We ordered some truffle fries immediately, as an appetizer and were they ever delicious!  Super hot, thin, crisp- just the way a fry should be.  We did dining role reversal- i ordered the beef, and he the salad.I selected the "Samburger", subbing cheddar for the American cheese, and my husband selected the Seared Ahi Salad.  I had a little of the salad and it really was excellent.  The Ahi was cooked correctly  and the salad had a perfect balance of flavors.  But I came for a burger, not a salad- just sayin'.The burger was sublime.  The bun was perfectly complementary, not a big blob of industrial bread.  The fixins were all fresh and delicious.  The bacon was thick and crisp, the beef was obviously fresh ground and hand-shaped, not packed into a brick by a machine.I LOVE me a good burger, and I'd rather have a knockout $10 one every now and again than some mediocre pile of calories.  This burger was worthy.  Only because I love him did I let my husband have a little of the burger.  That was a mistake because he immediately developed Food Envy.  I had to guard my burger after allowing him that first taste.  I DID warn him, before he ordered his excellent salad, that this place specialized in BURGERS and that he would surely be sorry.  And he was.DEFINITELY go to Zinburger. Savor a knockout burger and fries.   If you don't eat beef or are a disciplined dieter, you will enjoy the Ahi Salad.
3	I've been here a couple of times, and I have always enjoyed the food! Both the burgers and the fries are great, and the price isn't too bad either. The service was also pretty good, and each of our servers were very attentive.The only drawback is that the food is a bit heavy. Overall though, I would definitely return again!
3	Stopped in and tried both their sweet potato fries and zucchini fries. Much fonder of the sweet potatoes & the others were a little heavy?!   Like previous posts I was not to fond of their dipping sauces either.Loved their freshly prepared lemonade and the great outside spot to people watch!
2	Think Fox is trying to put Delux into the ground...good burger (turkey) messy but not something I would seek out on a regular basis....went their for lunch but will need to give it a shot for dinner...2 stars are like most prople's 3....not a bad experience but think like most Phoenicians...we are drawn to new places to dine and if Fox does it (which he does it right) we are going to go....worth the "been there done that"  but thats it.
5	I was in Phoenix for 4 days and ate here twice for lunch.  One of the best burgers I have ever had (samburger both times) and amazing milkshakes (kit kat and butterfinger).  The service was excellent both days.  Ate at the bar the first day and all the bartenders were friendly and timely, even the girl who was on her first day.  Brought the wife and we ate outside and our server was excellent there also.  Great place, please open one in Chicago.
5	DELICIOUS!!!! truffle fries. yummy burgers and shakes.
4	This isn't normally the type of place I would frequent because the prices are definitely on the high side and the botox customer base are twisting themselves into a pretzel trying to get everyone to notice how trendy they are. However, to be fair, the hamburger and fries we ordered were outstanding - definitely a cut above what you'd expect at just a simply burger joint. You can tell the chef definitely knows what he or she is going, gourmet quality, etc.
4	The hubs and I tried this place after a long day of shopping (more so long for him than myself.)We arrived around 7:30 or so on a Saturday night, and had about a 30 minute wait for a table. We grabbed a stool at the bar and had a drink while we waited. The staff was friendly and the overall vibe of the place was laid back.We got to our table and the server was over quickly to say hi while we looked at the menu.I ordered a basic burger while the hubs ordered a mediterranean style burger.The burgers were incredible! I love a good burger, but rarely am I ever swooning over one. Oh it was delicious. We were too full for dessert or milkshakes, so that is on the to-do list next visit.
4	Fabulous. Holy Kobe Beef Burger with Avocado, Bacon, and Cheese - It was the special of the day. I didnt care what it cost, I knew I had to have it. Come to think of it, that was the FIRST time in my life I've never ordered off the menu and actually went for the "of the day". I did it with my wine too!I wasnt a HUGE fan of the parmesan fries, but I could be alone here. All in all, great place for some burger lovin! The milkshakes at the other table looked unreal!
4	Man, I love this place. Can't eat their regularly due to the fact that my waistline would explode and my wallet would wither away, but it's great and always a pleasant treat. Their burgers are huge, and my guy and I have decided that the best course of action is to order 1 burger (they will half it for you and bring out each half on its own plate) and 2 sides (zucchini fries, sweet potatoes, or truffle - they're all good!)   I usually get either the turkey burger or the Zinburger, and both are excellent.I wouldn't recommend the salad, as I had one once, and for $10 bucks, it was awfully small and not worth the money.  The shakes look great, but there's so much food elsewhere that I've never ordered one.
5	WOW WOW WOW!!!!Super great food!! Kobe burger and their fries was one great taste sensation after another and to top it off have one of their amazing shakes to lead you on your way to a happy food coma
4	Another good eats by Fox Group. A small place with the usual cool green color displayed throughout the Fox restaurants. Prices are very reasonable for both food & drinks. However, the bartenders attitude & service could've used a little improvement. But that's just a minor thing that can be overlooked if you're looking for good food. Try the Kobe beef with the truffle fries. Beer right from the tap is refreshingly cold. Good place for a late Sunday brunch...
3	Personally, I did not see what all the hype was about. The food was okay, the service was a B+, the atmosphere was not overly impressive. For a Fox restaurant, I thought it was sub-par. There weren't many menu options, but there were several different kinds of fries to choose from. The cow decor was a little unsettling, especially after just having watched Food, Inc. Probably my first and last trip to Zinburger.
2	Thought I would enjoy it quite a bit better than I did.BARSTAFF-Right off the bat we sat at the bar, in the food for some conversation, that usually comes from the bartenders at any place, however after having two menus thrown down with out anything being said, it started off very unwelcoming. Without the help of , what seemed to be the manager, the bartender girl never said one word to us except" see ya" as we got up.( the manager did everthing from take orders and make drinks, but seemed annoyed like she didnt want to be helping the obviously slow bartender)Chow & Grub- Truffle parm fries were tastly,but take off the top ten fries and it looked like the bottom of the barrel , just crumbs and bits.My guy ordered the Samburger which he devoured,(literally, breathe baby!!) so thumbs up there! I oredered the Roasted chicken salad , that comes with pomagranate seeds and goat cheese. It was delish! I would high highly recommend this.The Look- standard clean fresh peppy, Fox place, nothing stand out. Clean and fresh. Good looking staff. :)Break it down Jess-Given the greatness of my salad I want to give this more stars but the bad service and attitude was just too awful. It seems like a fun and fresh( yes I have said that) place and didnt pull its weight with such bad staff. The salad could be gotten elsewhere.
5	Definitely coming back here with hubby and kids.First time was with girlfriends for ladies night out.  None of us have been there before but wanted to taste the food, see if the reviews are right.  The food was delish!We sat by the corner booth.  Got seated right away.  Waiter came and took our drink orders right away.  Highly recommend:Zuchini fries - we all couldn't have enough.  We ordered another plate.  It was crunchy, you can taste the zuchini.  great substitute for fries.  (if you have to order fries, go with this one.  skip the sweet potato fries - they were good but the zuchini fries are better, and pass on the truffle oil fries - you can taste the truffle oil and they were good but boy, the zuchini fries surpasses them all!Bananas Foster shake - it was dessert in a drink.  You can taste the bananas and the caramel.  Consistency was perfect.  Yum!  My girlfriend had a taste and took one to go, after we already had dinner there.  Had the regular zinburger and it was perfect!  Ordered medium well and it was slightly pink in the middle but that's ok becuase I've been warned by the other reviewers.  Thick patty was still juicy and moist, great seasoning, simple lettuce, tomato.  The burger was tasty.  I could only finish half  because I wanted the shake more.  I didn't have room for dessert but GFs said the choco cake was heavenly!  I'll have to come back and try it another time.Service was quick.  We got our food right away.  Waiter was attentive and helpful (he recommended the bananas foster shake over the tiramisu)Overall: yes the $10 pricetag on a burger without fries seems steep, but you're at the Biltmore, what do you expect.  It was good burger and the patty is like 2 inches thick.  Definite thumbs up!
5	Get the Kobe Beef Burger Zin style. The truffle aioli fries. The Kit-Kat shake. This place is not cheap. But for what you get it is the best of the best. Every time we go here, its an exciting. We call their kobe burgers butter burgers. They truly melt in your mouth without even a need to chew on them. OMG. We just went 2 days ago. All we have been talking about is when are we going again?????
1	The first time I ordered take out here was during the lunch rush and the service was great, I couldn't have asked for better, they even waited for me to get there before getting my lemonade so the ice wouldn't melt, but I wasn't on Yelp at that time, so I couldn't review it.This time, we called in at 8pm for take out, were told we were going to be connected to the bar to have them take our order, so we hung up after 5 minutes of being on hold, and went to Delux instead.
3	First, let me say the food here is good. If you are looking for a bite and you happen to be in the area go check Zinburger out. Our waitress was enthusiastic (especially about the dessert we ordered) and she kept my water glass full, which I really appreciate - that's present tense on purpose. I drink a lot of water. However, the decor just doesn't fit... it's bright, and the booth we sat in was comfortable... somehow, though, there's a lack. It needs a touch more masculinity, a bit of grit, to really strike that burger joint chord.I have to add that sitting at the bar instead of a booth improves the ambience. Also, the veggie burger, add avocado and pepperjack, sub ketchup and mustard for aoli, is something I crave on occasion.And I love that they offer discounted to-go options during the movies in the grass. Spring and Fall the Biltmore shows movies out on the quad. If you haven't been, grab a blanket, call in your dinner order and get out to play!
5	You are what you eat and this cow ate well. :) (I was referring to the actual moo-cow that is - haha!)  Burgers & wine, some beer and some fries; have a toast with milkshakes and some zucchini breaded and fried - yum!  Zucchini in the fryer?  Why not it tastes just as good as some yam fries.  The ambience was chill, but I can do without the pictures on the walls.  I don't want my farmer to wear any sort of bio-suit - I want him or her in overalls or if she's, hot dazy dukes :)  Service was good, I always enjoy my server able to take a joke or two and come back with some :)  - Enjoy!
4	We were on vacation and wanted to eat somewhere casual and non-pretentious--just looking for satisfying food. We were not disappointed. I ordered the Zinburger and my husband had the Kobe burger and a shake.  The Zinburger was fantastic. Actually, it was the best meal we had the entire trip and the least expensive. It was crowded and loud, but we didn't go there for the decor/ambiance. I recommend trying this place when you are in the mood for a burger.
4	Whenever I'm in the mood for a good, solid burger I head over to Zinburger at Biltmore Fashion Park. I like how simple the menu is so it is not too overwhelming, yet there is something for everyone. I am a little obsessed with their zucchini fries, although I do wish they came out with my burger instead of before. The burgers are always good and they're big enough to share if you're not too hungry. I always say I'm going to try one of their shakes or pies for dessert, but I'm always too full from the burger and fries. Maybe next time. :)
4	I first visited Zinburger during Restaurant Week.  I absolutely LOVED it!  The food was delicious and the service was excellent!I just went again this past week and I didn't love it as much.  The burger was good and the fries were okay, but it wasn't as great as during Restaurant Week.  The service was just okay as well.My daughters order chicken fingers and a grilled cheese.  Both were bad.  I had the Zinburger, which I really like.  I also order just the normal fries, which were just okay.I won't be rushing to come back any time soon.
4	I absolutely love this place.  I eat at the one in Tucson a lot as well.  But this location is great. The Zinburger or the Kobe Burger are great options.  The meat is very tender and is definitely a gourmet type burger.  Also the truffle fries are amazing.  This place has an amazing happy hour as well.  Highly recommend if you are looking for a good burger!
4	I'm not entirely sure why, but this Zinburger location is just tremendous. It's pricey for a straight burger, but I'd far prefer paying $10 for a Samburger than $5-$6 at Smashburger, or even Delux for that matter.Believe me, it doesn't make me happy backing the Fox Restaurant empire, but the quality of the burgers/shakes/salads at this place are undeniable.Pass on the chicken sandwiches, though. They're mediocre at best.
4	The Zuchinni Fries are the best! The sweet potato fries are delish. The burgers are very good. I like them better then Delux. The service was delightful. The drinks sounded great but I did not indulge. They have malted drinks and fancy fun cocktails. Chocolate Sangria anyone? Pomagranite, Pineapple Cosmo, Creme Brulee milk shakes. Hello? yummers- but I am only guessing. These drinks sure sound good though.
5	the first time I went here, my sister and I split each of our burgers so we both got a taste off the turkey burger and samburger,aong with the sweet potato fries. The meat is perfectly cooked, the sauces and aiolis are on point, and those fries cooked in the truffle oil are crazy good! Second time I went to zinburger, I tried their ahi sandwich, with an addition of roasted peppers. Again, they didn't disappoint my taste buds at all. The fish was cooked rare and the peppers, bread, and avocado all complimented the fish. My friend and I split an order of sweet potato fries, and paired with the yogurt dipping sauce, they are the perfect side with their sandwiches and burgers. For dessert, we split banana cream pie. Now, I've never eaten banana cream pie before this and I'm happy I did, because my life would have been incomplete without this experience. The sweet cream, with carmel drizzled over it, the crumbly crust, the perfectly sweet bananas... I might just have to go back just or the pie! They have an extensive choice of shakes, so I might have to accompany my pie with a shake... Which is the perfect recipe for a sugar coma. Along with the delicious food, the atmosphere provides a hip feel, as all the Fox restaurants do, that is comfortable while still feeling sophisticated. The service here is awesome, the young lady who sat was polite and smiley, and our server was eficient and informative when we asked about the menu. If you want a good burger... GO HERE!!!
4	We had some time to kill after a schedule change left us stranded at the Greyhound Station in Phoenix. We ditched the bus station and asked a cab driver to take us somewhere - anywhere - interesting. We ended up at Biltmore Fashion Center and were dropped off near Zinburger. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-rhH9sL3XGFpoJXcxUpEWA?select=bHZobMw7BzUv5Thd211_QQWe saw many diners enjoying burgers, shakes, and fries, and asked Ichabod if he'd like something to eat. He seemed excited about the restaurant and chose barstools for us near the pleasant outdoor patio dining area. We ordered:* Roasted chicken salad with organic greens, pomegranate, marcona almonds, and goat cheese dressing  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-rhH9sL3XGFpoJXcxUpEWA?select=5lTby7rzAD3Japndi95ykg* Burger of the day - angus and brie with truffled aioli. The flavor of the cheese overpowered the meat, but it was still tasty. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-rhH9sL3XGFpoJXcxUpEWA?select=d0aoEc0hSLAppfbY3MNhtg* Fries - limp, greasy, disappointing. How does a burger place mess up fries? They looked better than they tasted. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-rhH9sL3XGFpoJXcxUpEWA?select=mGD30C-GrVFNzmaCRU-9jA* Black cow float - root beer float with a tall glass packed with vanilla ice cream. I wasn't sure how they could justify charging $6 for it, but the price made more sense when I saw the amount of high quality ice cream and the premium root beer. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-rhH9sL3XGFpoJXcxUpEWA?select=kSz0KDrt4SPLOaPr26CFSwMr. L and I shared the salad and burger, which they split for us, and brought in succession. That made dining easy and enjoyable. Our server was borderline unpleasant and impatient, and gave me the impression she wanted us to order quickly and be done with us. When she gave us our check, she made one attempt at friendliness, the last-ditch "don't stiff me my tip endzone play," which we witnessed her do with another customer at the bar. Strange. In contrast, the other Zinburger servers were consistently pleasant and very helpful. The bovine theme here is pervasive, from the cow decorations on the walls http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-rhH9sL3XGFpoJXcxUpEWA?select=ljBTfOt7fXWa15uq55A_lQ to the trough sink in the ladies room. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-rhH9sL3XGFpoJXcxUpEWA?select=_-qDTkIuzpxOMk1RgJ5z4wFrom the burgerlicious food to the fun atmosphere, I can see why Zinburger is a popular eatery.
3	Price to taste ratio is pretty high, yet overall, fairly solid burger and fries.
4	I love the concept of this place...its fun and hip and cool...lol...there are some very creative burger combonations and they are good...my favorite part of their menu is the truffle fries, sweet potato fries, and shoe string fries...and of course their shakes OMG!!!! The banana foster shake is something out of this world it is definitely worth going there for that...i would choose some places burgers over here but i really like it!! I like to meet up here with friends and family for a fun little night out...they do have a good wine selection as well...
2	In my other reviews you'll see that I love nearly all the Fox Restaurants. Which is true. For Zinburger, this is where the *nearly comes in. I've eaten there more than a few times and on every occasion its been OK. -Which is why it gets 2 stars- The menu is tiny, but its a gourmet burger joint so you really can't ask for much else. The zucchini fries are triumphant. Truly wonderful. The burgers sound amazing when reading them but more than once they've come out just OK. Nothing terrible, but not as mouthwatering as they made them sound. I like how the wine list is portioned out too... pretty cut and dry. Don't bother asking your server about the wines though, they probably will just look at you with a stupid look on their face. If you're with a big burger person and you're not a burger person, do not fret. They have TWO really good salads, so don't get too excited. My favorite is the one with pomegranate seeds and goat cheese, with or without chicken. Its very light and fresh. On my last occasion my server was slow, meek, and dull. Having zero personality is one thing, but when she realized she forgot about my glass of wine and I had to remind her (about ten minutes later) she became very timid and hardly even came back to our table! I wasn't rude.. so I don't understand why she had a manager come by to drop it off. Anyway, it could just be me. So all in all this place isn't bad FOOD wise... drinks are pricey and service has tended to suck.
3	Probably not the most sensible place for a vegan to eat at, but they could still do a better job with their veggie burger. Taste was ok, but had to eat it all with a fork because it was so loose and crumbly...so, didn't really taste like a burger at all when eating it with a fork. it fell apart the first time i picked it up. not impressed either with the fries being a separate item on the menu, and for $5.00 extra at that. For these reasons, i give it 3 stars, but everyone else i was with seemed to really like it. I'd probably not bother going back, personally.
5	After a quick business meeting in Phoenix today, I stopped by to try their Kobe beef burger that I have heard is one of the best.It is located in a the beautiful Biltmore Fashion Center where my beloved Captial Grille is as well.I arrived at 11:00 at got a great booth table.  The restaurant has a trendy-up-scale decor that has outdoor and indoor seating.Once I sat down, I immediately ordered the Kobe Beef Burger with chedder cheese, mushrooms and a fried egg.  On the side, I ordered their truffled fries and a slice of their banana cream pie for desert.The burger contained 8 ounces of Kobe Beef which was juicy, flavorful and fatty-delicious.  The mushrooms, cheese and egg went terrific with the burger.  The bun was warm and very soft.....to a  point where the bun fell apart after one bite:(The Kobe Beef Burger was not the best I have had...that title goes to the Old Homestead in NY.   But for 14.00...it was pretty good.The truffled fries were cooked perfectly..just the right amount of truffle oil.The banana cream pie was the bomb.....full of flavorful banana cream and whipped cream.The service was outstanding......the HOT waitresses in their tight shorts + the cute mgr came by my table several times:)A great burger meal............!!
5	I finally made a long awaited return trip to Zinburger and it was as good as I remembered it! Just the smell walking into the place was enough to let me know I made the right decision to eat there. My girlfriend and I split a Zinburger (if you're going to name a signature menu item after yourself, it better be good), a chicken sandwich, and an order of the double truffle fries. I absolutely loved the fries. I'm not even that big on fries, but I could have had another order just for myself! The Aioli dipping sauce was amazing. Ketchup would've been an insult to put on them. The server also aware when we ordered that we were going to split the meals, so they halfed the sandwiches, and put them both on each plate. A nice little touch. Both were phenomenal. My girlfriend rarely eats red meat and she enjoyed indulging in her half of the burger. We also split a creme brulee shake for desert. Just as good as it was the first time. It was nearly 8:30 and we were seated promptly. A little corner table on the patio with the bar. It was a nice spot, but it got a little annoying because it was right by one of the main entrances of the mall's parking lot. Even that late, it was still a little distracting everything I heard a car making a turn just feet from our table. But the food at Zinburger remains top notch.
3	Kinda seems like a typical Fox Concept restaurant.  I had the namesake Zinburger and enjoyed it.  Very tasty, done right, would get it again.  The fries were nothing to write home about (but I guess I feel compelled to write about them on Yelp).  They have an extensive list of milkshakes.  The Kit Kat and Creme Brulee were both delicious.  I'd go back for the Zinburger and the shake for sure, but I'd leave wishing I had some Delux fries and aioli.
5	If your looking for top quality Burgers. ZIN BURGER is the way to go.Great Service, Great Wine, Great Food.A+
2	Ok, this is a Sam Fox dissapointment for sure. I am not the biggest fan of his restauraunts but some of them are decent like Culinary Dropout or Olive and Ivy, but this place is just ehh. First off, it is outrageusly overpriced. $13 bucks for a sub par burger without fries. If you add fries and get a milkshake or beer your talking a $25 meal for a hamburger, thats not that good. Also, what is up with the decor? Why would anyone want to eat a burger surrounded by walls painted with cows all over them? WTF. Skip this place.
4	The Zinburger was one of the best burgers I have ever eaten   I usually like a lot of stuff on my burger, but this didn't need anything more than the cheese, zin grilled onions, and some lettuce.  Just perfect. Overall, the place was very nice, but pricey.  For the price of the burgers, they should include a serving of fries, but you have to order those separately.  Their fries say they serve 2, but that is a stretch.  Two sensible servings perhaps, but if you are eating a burger, who's being sensible?I would go back, and I would recommend this to friends, but only because the burger was THAT good.
3	I hit Zinburger for lunch a Tuesday, no wait for a table at 12:15, excellent start to the lunch.  However, we decided to sit at the bar.  Garrett was a great bartender for us.  Wines that went with our food and friendly service.  First time at Zinburger and I didn't even order a burger, not wanting something too heavy, I ordered the chinese chicken salad and zucchini fries.  Both were fantastic. The atmosphere was nice, no one too loud, I didn't have to yell to talk to my friends, always a plus.I will have to go back to order a burger.
3	had the hav a chicken sandwich- it was very good. a bit pricey so i didn't get fries but the service was good
4	My daughter took me here for my birthday lunch a couple weeks ago. We were seated immediately. Most of the lunch crowd was gone so the noise level was down. It's always nice when you don't have to yell across the table. Our waiter took our orders quickly - Kobe Beef Burgers and truffle fries. I know, they're $14.00 burgers and it's just ground beef. But they're so perfect.  It took about 15 mins to get our food. The burgers were delicious, juicy, melt in your mouth goodness. The fries, not so much. They tasted like they had been sitting for awhile. But the burgers filled us up so I wasn't too interested in the fries. Overall, great food and quick service. Can't ask for much more.
3	Zinburger is an interesting concept. I like the idea of an upscale burger joint coupled with a full bar. The look and feel of the place is casual and hip, with the clientele being mostly hipster/yuppies and business people. Although I am neither, I didn't feel entirely out of place. Maybe that was because of the friendly staff -- when people are nice and friendly to you, it always leaves a good, lasting impression. And, the one person that was utterly delightful and charming was the bartender.  I wish I remembered his name because I was quite smitten by him. His efficiency and friendliness only made the meal that much better. And the meal, at least mine, was descent. I had the turkey burger, and being the seeker of great turkey burgers, I'd say this one was right in the middle.  For my taste, it needed a little bit more flavor to it. But what the turkey burger lacked, the sweet potato fries made up for.  You can't beat a flavorful sweet potato fry for anything! Despite my average feelings towards my meal, my mom truly enjoyed her BLT salad. It was the perfect side for her, and she said she really loved the salad dressing. Zinburger has a lot of what I look for in a restaurant experience -- nice staff, cool atmosphere and good food.  If I could, I would give it 3 3/4 stars because it is definitely "A-OK," but I'm not quite yet "a fan." I'll definitely go back again and try some of their other offerings and decide then if I should up it a 1/4 point.  Heck, I may even pull out a fiver!
3	Tried Zinburger on Tuesday with two friends. Had the basic cheeseburger, zucchini fries with ranch, and a lemon cocktail. All were good, nothing fantastic. Bill was $31. Over-priced and over-rated. I'd honestly rather take my calorie splurge over to In-N-Out.
3	Met some girlfriends here Friday night around 6pm, though they arrived early to take advantage of a great happy hour (although my drink was ordered, and arrived before 6pm, I was somehow charged full price). They split 2 baskets of the sweet potato fries. I found them limp and bland, and didn't care for the dipping sauce (mayo-ish).What was fantastic was the burger. I got the Zinburger, and it arrived literally 2 minutes later, perfectly cooked. It was flavorful, juicy, and just amazing. Now and again the onion flavor poked through, though I never really tasted the cheese. In the end, I didn't miss it--the burget was that great.The restaurant was family friendly with tons of kids around. It is also pretty loud (as sparse, cement-y restaurants tend to be). The menu is miniscule, but that's ok. Just stop in for a quick, reasonably priced bite to eat.
3	Had the zinburger: manchego  cheese and braised onions. I skipped the mayo, but added bacon.The burger was good. Nothing to knock your socks off... Umami in LA is still my favorite of favorites. If you happen to be at The Biltmore Fashion Park... give it a try... no need to go out of your way....
3	I had a crazy hankering for fancy fries today.  Ordered the Sambuger and truffle fries.  Fries were good, nice sauce.  The burger was a liitle more rare than Id expect for ordering "medium".  It was just ok.  I don't know if it was the patty or something else they added to the sauce on the bun but I found the sandwich too salty.  I gave the bacon and some of the bun to the dog.  She thouroughly enjoyed it.  As the rating says: A-OK.
4	I have only had the kobe burger here but it's amazing.  The food is worth putting up with the prentensious server who undoubtedly wishes at the time they were doing body shots at some club in Scottsdale. Price is steep but the burger is amazing.
1	For a restaurant that does not serve extras with their burger, that is to say that fries do not come with your burger, you would think that they would make it up in service and presentation, but no they don't. The service is marginal. They have young, inexperienced waiters and waitresses who do not know the menu and are unable to make recommendations. Their presentation is weak. I've been there twice - once for a burger the other for a salad. The burger was nothing special and the chopped ahi, avocado, and cashew salad was oily, had 1 slice of avocado, and literally 3 cashews hidden in the salad. They are only receiving 1 star because the beer was very cold and well poured. If you want a burger which should ALWAYS include fries, go somewhere else. Fries are extra and they try to make them special but without success. If you want a cold beer while your significant other is shopping at the Biltmore, stop in and take a load off. If you want a meal, go somewhere else.
5	My. Favorite. Burger.Not to mention that the turkey and veggie burgers are great as well as the double truffle fries. It's one of the places I miss most not living in AZ.
4	Yesterday was my third visit to Zinburger and I must say it was fantastic! I choose to try one of the Ultimate Burger Challenge burgers, the Hen House. Angus beef with a fried egg, avocado, bacon, pickled onion, tomato, lettuce, and mayo all on their perfectly made bun. It was a sloppy mess because of all the topping but what do you expect with that many toppings. The burger came with a half order of fries which I choose the sweet potato fries. At $10 the burger is a steal compared to normal menu pricing. With that many toppings it would've been a $15+ burger. My wife had the Hava Chicken Sandwich which has become her new favorite food! And we split the Zucchini Fries, WOW those things are amazing! Overall everything was fresh and tasted wonderful. Make sure to finish it off with a shake. We split the KitKat Shake, I'm not sure who makes the shakes there but they are a true professional! Perfectly blended and topped with whip cream. It was nothing short of amazing! Service was good, better than whats found in most burger joints but not quite to the scale of other FOX restaurants. But that type of service isn't necessary here, I'm having a burger not a complex pasta, and I'm having a milkshake not a glass of perfectly balanced Cabernet. Anyway All around great things at the Zinburger. Next I'll have to try a salad, maybe...
3	I've been here a few times and have only been mildly impressed. I would come back here solely for sweet potatoes fries and their shakes. Aside from that, I don't think it has much to offer. Their sweet potato fries come with a yummy yogurt dipping sauce. And you can't go wrong with all their unique shakes - which they're also happy to split 2 or 3 ways for you if you want to share amongst your dining company. Their burgers are nothing special - I would much rather go to the Grind or Deluxe which are both nearby. The few times I've ordered burgers here - my bun has been soggy (gross!). An underdone burger and soggy bun are big turnoffs for me! I've also had their Roasted Chicken Salad which was just okay and my friend had the Chinese Chicken Salad which he said the same about. Wouldn't order them again, that's for sure. As for shakes, I've had the Creme Brulee, Double Chocolate Mint Shake (my fave!) and the Kit Kat Shake. All delish!
1	Regrettably I was here a few months back for a friend's birthday, and while the vehemence of my disdain has been allowed to cool with the ensuing time since my visit, I now know with a particular level of certainty why you shouldn't waste any of your hard earned benjamin's here.-crowds: granted it is in the Biltmore, so your bound to be surrounded with yuppies, however if you truly analyze the setting of this restaurant it's essentially an option in a food court of a pretentious mall masquerading as something else. lets be fair though, most places in Az are in some form of strip mall setting, but in all honesty isnt the Biltmore just another shopping mall?-rude servers: now there is any number of reasons why a server has the right to be a little curt, I'm not saying that a server needs to be a ball of sunshine to satisfy me, but open hostility, resentment, and referring to one of my friends with a pretty strong homophobic slur is in my eyes unacceptable.-inflated prices: $10 for a burger? to quote Wayne's World "SHUHHH" NO WAY!? WAAAY." There'd be no complaints to that price tag if the burger was actually worth it, what your paying for is what my Peruvian friend's realtor mom likes to call "Locacion, Locacion, Locacion"-mediocre burgers: along the lines with the last comment, the burgers here are surely "meh, i've had better" 2 stars at best. For a pricier burger that you'll be glad to shell out a hamilton and a few washingtons for go to Phoenix City Grille, now they know how to make a burger and treat customersSimply put Zinburger has no Zen, and it leaves you with the same taste in your mouth that a haiku written by George Carlin might.
5	Zinburger's turkey burger is one of if not the best turkey burger I have had.  I started eating turkey burgers a few months ago searching for the best one and I think I have finally found it.  Highly recommend.  I have had their other burgers and never been disappointed.  Furthermore they have a bacon bloody mary this is fantastic!!
5	I WANT TO TELL YOU A STORY ABOUT THE BEST HOSTESS AND WAITRESSES  IN PHOENIX! THEY ARE AT ZINBURGER!! Danielle (the Manager) and the Hostesses and waitresses are the best. In fact...the last time I was there (tonight) we walked in the door...were seated and 2 minutes later...Danielle brought me my usual: root beer float overflowing with extra chocolate ice cream!!! Before I could even ask for it!! I wish I had taken the name of the waitress because she was wonderful too!PLUS ZINBURGER HAS THE ABSOLUTE BEST HAMBURGERS AND FRENCH FRIES OF ANYWHERE I HAVE EVER BEEN TO...albeit...I have cravings every once in a while for in n out burger...which I give in to a few times a month! Zinburger is right across the street from where I live: A DREAM COME TRUE!
3	This place is a trendy and hip gourmet burger joint. A carbon copy of the trendy and hip gourmet burger joints on the streets of LA and OC. Ahhhh it felt like home! (Can you tell I still miss SoCal?)But I digress, let's get to the basic facts of this place. It's not bombtastic by any means but it's pretty darn good. I am usually the type of girl who prefers throwing down with a hearty In N Out or Five Guys burger BUT I do appreciate the fancy stuff every now and then...burgers included.So if you're down with that then give this place a try. They have some great burger combinations on the menu plus you can add on other goodies like a fried egg. Yum! I also tried the ahi sandwich and was pretty pleased. I mean, I finished the whole darn thing so I can only assume that I enjoyed it. Our table taste tested the zuchini fries, truffle fries and sweet potato fries. All winners but my favorite were the truffle fries. I'd go back just for those papas fritas.Service was good. No problems at all...even when I requested to change tables simply because I changed my mind and preferred a booth. Food came out quickly and the atmosphere is young and trendy. Not a bad thing if you ask me.
5	To put it simply, this place is amazing!!  I went in for the very first time today for happy hour after work..  The front door was opened for me and I was promptly greeted and sat at a table with some co-workers.  The waitress was very nice and efficient.  The food, oh wow, that burger was fantastic and the double truffle fries were to die for.. We also shared some zucchini fries and sweet potato fries, both were equally amazing.  The prices were even excellent especially for the posh location.. I cannot wait to come back and eat again!!
4	Ok went back with Mom & Dad and it passed the Mom & Dad lunch test with flying colors.  Wound up getting the small BLT salad which had an awesome ranch dressing...yeah ranch dressing rocked.  Shared an order of truffle fries, from which I soon expect Ill to need an intervention.  The truffle fries cannot get into my mouth fast enough.  P-rents enjoyed their burgers.Service was great.
3	The food is really, really good...but it is overpriced - no question. Granted we had drinks and I ordered a float but $63 for lunch for two people is pretty outrageous. I enjoyed the overall experience but I can't say I'd be back on a regular basis.
5	One of the best Kobe burgers I have ever had - well worth the $14 for a burger.  Very trendy and awesome service.  Will be back!
4	Love it here!  I don't eat meat - so can't comment on the burgers.  But the fries and veggie burger are delicious.  The ahi salad is my favorite - def one of the better ones in Phoenix and def one of the best offered in the Fox group of restaurants.  Good happy hour and great service - and more room on the patio than Delux.
5	This is one of the best burgers I have ever had!  The Kobe burger is worth the extra $4 in my mind, and the truffle fries are legit.  Sure you're paying $20 for a burger and fries, but this is no normal burger.  Add a cold beer or a glass of wine, and you'll be wanting to come back right after you finish the last bite.  Why this place rates only 3.5 stars is ridiculous.  Every time I've gone on a non happy hour Sunday afternoon it's packed.  There's a reason for that;  its called 5 stars.
4	Fox got it right, again!  If you're looking for a cool, trendy, open/airy place to eat, Zinburger's an awesome spot!  On a recent trip, I had the Zinburger signature burger which was moist, tender and flavorful.  Even the soft, yet sturdy, bun was good!  The Sweet Potato Fries came with a yummy Yogurt Dipping Sauce; totally worth the extra $5!  To drink consider the well-poured Lemon Sipper (Skyy Vodka, Mint Leaves, Lemonade) to cool off on a hot, Phoenix day.  I ate indoors, but they have a wonderful, relaxing patio, too.  This place is great for lunch with girlfriends after a day of shopping, but equally as fitting for a Saturday night date.  Kids are welcome, but they'd probably be happier at Mickey D's down the street.
3	The burger itself (daily special: $10 for angus, cheese, ranch, bbq sauce and an onion ring) was great but I'm not sure what constitutes it as a $10 burger.Also split a side of sweet potato fries - not the best I've had (they were seasoned with a crunch but no glaze or anything that really popped to make them stand out among other fries I've had) and the yoghurt dipping sauce was just about flavourless.The Kit Kat shake was amazing, though - real ice cream with real chocolate and Kit Kat blended together.Got a burger, shake and split a small basket of fries for under $20 not including the tip. I suppose that's not bad for a dinner but is still a little much for cheap eaters like myself.
2	Pricey and salty. Shakes are good.
5	best tasty burger i ever had.  Whenever I get a hunger for a burger I go to Zin!!!!
3	It's a burger. Nothing "all that special" here in my opinion. And the menu is very spare (everyone in the party best be looking for a burger).
5	Burger perfection!BIG burger perfection! Split it with a friend or go when you're extremely hungry! Great shakes, too!Personally, I'm torn on "Best Burger" between this place and the Grind. They're different, which is good. Friendly staff and a clean, airy atmosphere add to the experience...It's pricey, but you get a heck of a burger for the buck!
4	Since the Zinburger was offering a 2 for $30 restaurant week menu and my BFF and I have been wanting to try this place for a while, we popped in for our BFF date night. There was a wait for two; but since there were seats open at the bar, we opted to sit there. I was totally fine with that because my back was now toward the wall with the cow mural on it. I personally feel a little awkward eating a burger while a cow is staring at me. Even if it is a painting. The service was initially slow at the bar, but it was really busy when we got there. After that, the bartenders were attentive and friendly. The restaurant week menu was 2 glasses of wine, 2 burgers, and a side to share for $30. That's a good deal. We got the Zinburger and the Samburger and split both. We ordered both cooked medium; one came more medium rare and one more medium well. I like my burgers more medium well, so I was ok with that one, but had to think past the extra pinkness of the other burger. My only main complaint, but they were still very tasty. The onions on the Zinburger were super yummy. Our sweet potato fries were so good as well and appreciate getting those before our burgers to snack on while we waited for the main event. This was enough food to stuff us. Next time I'll have to split one burger and fries so I'll have enough room for dessert. I'm a sucker for banana cream pie and that's on the menu.After the wine, I tried the vanilla lime sarsparilla cocktail.  The combination sounds a little strange, but it was super tasty.  Everything was super good and the restaurant is casual cool.  I will be a repeat visitor.
4	Shakes! Shakes! Shakes! Shakes! Shakes! Errryyyybody (repeat).Banana's Fosters shake is not getting the love it deserves here on yelp. Let me tell you it will rock your socks!!! Caramelly, banana, topped with delicious whipped cream. So yummy!!!I ordered the Samburger. It was very tasty. Our server forgot to ask me how I wanted it cooked and so did I, so anyway it was a little more done than I usually order, but that's ok. It was still pretty juicy. I stole some avocado from my friend's turkey burger and I have to say it was a great idea. I was disappointed by the sweet potato fries, they weren't too crispy and the flavor was very subtle, almost too subtle. I also didn't care for the sauce.I will definitely come again for the shakes and burgers. I will give the fries another shot..the truffle ones sound very good.P.S. Everyone who works here is so fit and very nice from what I experienced :)
5	Spur of the moment choice - thanks Yelpers !  OMG the zucchini fries - you must try them.  Burger was awesome as well.  Cool place!  Meal was worth the price !
4	I really don't like hamburgers that much. I know this makes me un-American, but it is what it is. I was at one point dragged to this place since a bunch of friends were meeting up and I wasn't about to miss out on fun times because I don't like burgers. So, I sucked it up and went. There is a huge cow mural on the wall, beckoning you to eat him, or one of his family members. So far, so good. I ordered a few drinks, all of which were very good (although pricey). I got the Kobe burger, and good God was it delicious! It melts in your mouth, and all of the flavor is there, stewing in the juices of this mighty burger. I have been back here several times since and without kicking and screaming. This is the only burger place I really enjoy coming back to. Also, the milkshakes are to die for (cookies n cream FTW!). Go check these guys out. Soooo yummy!
4	Not the best service but the burgers are pretty amazing. Tend to be a bit overpriced (or more than I like to pay for a burger) so definitely try and go during Happy Hour. A friend got the veggie burger and wasn't impressed (fell apart quickly) but I've loved every burger I've tried and they feature a special burger each week (which makes it easy to come back often). The shakes are good, and huge, so I recommend splitting one (they'll even divide it for you). Overall a definite thumbs up.
3	Some good some bad overall ok...Good milkshakes bad overly salted fries and dare I say disgusting ketchup...Good service bad ahi tuna sandwich....Stick with the burgers and shakes skip the french fries...or try the zucchini fries
3	I marked a 3 just cause there is no combo so makes Things real pricey real quick. $14 for the burger $6 for the fries that's $20 already without a drink. Id rather get a nice 3 course meal for that price not a burger I don't care how good it was. Oh and I had "the diablo" which was suppose to be hot with pepper jack , jalapenos, caramelized onions....thing was candy with no spice. Very disappointed. Nice joint though...
4	Recently returned to Zinburger with my Foodie brother and felt prompted to write this review because he insists that the Kobe Burger is one of the best (if not, THE BEST) he's ever tasted...and he's been EVERYWHERE. Granted, he orders it rare, with a strange mixture of mozzarella, swiss, bacon and extra tomatoes but to see the look on his face when he's eating it (we've been here a few times now), it's well worth the $15-18.As for me, I've been here MANY times since they first opened and I absolutely love their Turkey Burger (I get it with avocado, bacon, cheddar and BBQ sauce) or Clint's "Almost Famous" Vegetable Burger - $9 with Smoked Mozzarella, Tomato Marmalade (but I hold the mayo; not needed). I love them both. Always perfectly prepared. Oh, and a word about BUNS: they are placeholders IMHO so I don't like them to overpower the burger. In other words, they shouldn't be too thick or heavy and the taste shouldn't draw attention to itself and Zinburger's buns don't. They look thick but they're actually light and squishy so I can get my mouth around the burger with no problem.All the fries are great, I rotate between the sweet potato and the zucchini style.The banana cream pie is wonderful, as long as it comes out READY... Unfortunately, on more than one visit, we were given a pie slice that hadn't had time to set-up and was running all over the plate. Yuck. That should never happen. Management and wait staff should know better.The only disappointment I've experienced with Zinburger is their shakes. I think the ice cream they use is awful. My family has tried almost every one on the menu (with vanilla and chocolate variations) and not one has gotten ordered a second time. That's a shame, but in a way, I don't mind because I really don't need the calories anyway...especially if I'm saving room for Banana Cream Pie!
2	Disappointing  - the service is slow, the staff, indifferent.  You can see the kitchen from some of the tables, and they were not happy when a kids burger was sent back raw.  The fries were bland, the burgers, sad.  Overall - save your money. its not worth it.
4	Shakes were so yummy!!!! Got the Kobe burger and zen burger... They were both great! Also ordered the zucchini fries.. They were pretty good but I have had better. Regular fries were great!!
3	This burger craze in out of control... honestly.  Did I really just pay $30-some bucks for two burgers, zucchini and water?  $40-something with tip and tax...I'm sorry, but NO BURGER is that good.  Don't get me wrong, their burgers WERE good.  Zucchini were soggy though.  Unfortunately the guilt was worse than the food was good.I keep going to these darn burger spots hoping for a miracle which doesn't occur.Know who makes good burgers...?  ME.  At home.  YOU COULD TOO.  Get the butcher to grind some good chuck.  Buy a good fresh roll from the bakery and some cheese from the deli (all can be done a Albertson's, or AJ's).  Get a cast iron skillet smoking hot.  Salt and pepper each side.  Slap them on for two or three minutes each side.  DONE.  With a nice crust and all to the meat.  The "crust" is what I think is missing from the gourmet burgers I've had recently.If you wanna get fancy grate some jalapenos and put them in mayo along with minced cilantro.If I am going to spend $30 or more (on food only) it will be for something that I cannot easily make at home.
4	I have eaten at Zinburger once before at another location. We were by the Biltmore and hungry....Though the menu is pricey for burgers, it is relatively reasonable for restaurants in the Biltmore. I feel like you are paying for the vibe.....which is fine with me since it really is a cool spot. The server was sharp and attentive and the Carburator burger with an egg on top was just what I needed. YUM! My husband had the Kobe burger and gave it a 4 out of 5. The only negative thing I can say about the place is that they need to eliminate the tables for two with the molded plastic chairs. I get that they have a modern vibe, but no one wants to float out in the middle of a restaurant in an uncomfortable chair while others enjoy the comfort of a banquette...just sayin' .
5	My favorite burger place in the Valley. We used to drive to Tucson from Mesa just for it, and we are stoked to have them here. Great food and good service. The Ahi burger is the best anywhere in the valley or at least up there with the one from Hill Stone. Probably my favorite FRC.
4	Fox got it right on this one.  Great location and blows Deluxe out of the water.  The food is spot on and service was great....SHort of it, for those not wanting to read the whole review - big patties that are juicy on a great bun.  No flat burgers!!!! So to break downAtmosphere:  Chill, open and good outdoor seating.  The Cow mural is pretty rad in the background..  Bar is open to both inside and outside.  Hostess was not impressive, but then again it is the hostess ( sorry girls/boys its true)  I care more about the serverServer: Fantastic, I would have hired to anything customer service related, offered suggestions and even recommended something and had the chef make.Food: menu straight forward burgers nothing funny.  The zucchini fries are great as well as there general fries.  I had the Zin burger and added mushrooms and switched out manchego to havarti.  Matthew had the breakfast burger which had a fried egg and avocado.  They offer shakes that sound great, but with a huge burger and fried I did pass.This place is solid - I recommend over smashburger and Deluxe
3	What is the deal here? A basic burger and fries, it was fine, not great. But based on their hype, it needs to be MUCH better. Or cheaper. Or whatever... get over it.
4	I understand some people do not like the price of the menu items at Zinburger but lets face it, we are not going to McDonalds, it is a "gourmet" burger place, so expect to pay a little bit more.On that note, I had the Turkey Sloppy Joe and I loved it!  The flavor was amazing and it was topped with a poblano pepper and pepperjack cheese!  The bread is lightly toasted and compliments the sandwiches great!The fries are not bad, not really great but not bad.  Although the burgers are not huge like some other places (the grind), the flavors and the actual atmosphere is a lot better!
5	This review is overdue as I have been at this location 4 times now and EVERYTIme the Service and Food has been Outstanding!!!......You have great seating choices at a sunny outside table or at the open air full liquor bar with big screen TV's overhead........The burgers melt in your mouth and i HIGHLY recommend you try the zuchini side as despite the huge portion it is delicious!......Oh yeah, parking at Biltmore Fashion Square is a little tricky, so REMEMBER to keep your yellow token WITH YOU and give it to your server to scan it and park for free.
4	When my friend comes to visit me, we LOVE going to Happy Hour because we can get good food at a cheap price.I was craving a burger so we decided to try Zinburger out. Their happy hour goes until 6pm (I think) where wine is $2!!! and appetizers are half off. Unfortunately none of their speciality burgers are on the happy hour menu. :( They do have a regular burger on their HH menu though. Their sweet potato fries & Truffle Fries were really delicious. I wasn't a fan of their dipping sauces..... I guess I'm just a ketchup-kind-of-gal. I ordered a Creme Brulee shake (which can definitely be shared since it's a lot) which is basically vanilla bean ice cream and a crust mixed in. It was so yummy. (But again, this wasn't available for their HH menu either )It was a little chilly when we went, but they have an outside patio which would be great on a warm night.
3	I had a kobe burger....it was very good and so was the bun.....$5 for fries I thought was expensive.....basically two burgers, 3 beers and two orders of fries was $70 plus tip.  I doubt I'd go again.......
3	Kind of over rated. Enjoyed my burger, but have had far better at Tim Finnegans or the Original Wine Burger. I'd go back if I was at the Biltmore and friends wanted to try it, but no major rush.
4	Lately, I've become a huge fan of eating at the bar area of a restaurant. This may be because I've become as inpatient as an 85 year old granny, but I'm digging it nonetheless. Say at the bar with one of my coworkers on our last trip, and it was perry delightful. Efficient service, four peaks on draft, sweet potatoe fries, and a good quality burger. Nice crowd,  and good noise level for such an intimate little restaurant... Overall, solid!
4	first off..I rarely eat red meat so when I do it better be good.  My husband took me to Zinburger last week for my first time and I am definitely a fan.  The bun was perfect, the Kobe burger cooked perfectly and very tasty..and don't forget the zucchini fries that I wished I didn't have to split with my husband.  The atmosphere kind of reminds me of an upscale employee cafeteria, but the bar area/patio was good for people watching.  I will def go back!
4	Love this place, especially the bacon bloody Mary. But can I please get a single serving of fries? All their sides require a two-person order. Come on!
5	I am still reeling from my lunch here, dreaming about it, planning my next trip. I don't know what else to say other than I was totally surprised by how fantastic my lunch was. A Zinburger with truffle fries. Sat at the bar by myself, was on my way to the airport. Wasn't that hungry. I thought about taking the napkin to remember the place by. I don't know what you could find wrong with these burgers, truthfully one of the best I've ever shoved in my piehole.
2	My husband and I did not enjoy our experience at Zinburger.  We wanted to sit outside.  They told us it would be a 15 minute wait to sit outside which I thought was odd because nearly half of the outside tables were open, and stayed open the entire time we were there.   We decided to sit inside.  The space is very cramped.  I felt like we were sitting on top of the people next to us.  The music was also insanely loud.  My husband and I practically had to scream at each other to hear each other.   Our waiter was nice enough but he seemed distracted.  The table next to us tried to grab his attention while he was taking our order, he stopped and turned to them and talked to them for at least 2 minutes before turning back to us.  I thought it was incredibly rude!  He should have told them he'd be with them in a minute instead of cutting us off.  He also never checked on us while we were eating to make sure everything was ok.On to the food!  It was extremely underwhelming.  My husband got the burger special for the evening; it was a south west kind of burger with chipotle mayo and peppers.  There was no spice to it at all, and it was medium rare instead of medium well which is how my husband ordered it.  He also said it was really greasy.  I got the Zinburger with a grilled chicken breast instead of meat.  It was average, something I'd expect to get in a diner.  I was excited to try it since Manchego cheese is my favorite but I could barely taste it, the onions overpowered it.  We also got a side of sweet potato fries which were limp and soggy, and coleslaw which was average.  I can't say no to banana cream pie, it's my favorite so I got that and my husband got a 50/50 (orange soda and vanilla ice cream.)  The pie was good, but the entire time we were eating dessert there was this awful burnt garlic smell assaulting my nose.  That kind of ruined it.  My husband didn't enjoy his 50/50.  All of that plus a soda and a drink with alcohol came out to $53.  We won't be back!
4	If you haven't done so already, you'll have to try the Kobe Burger! May sound gross, but ordered the beef medium-rare and it was so moist! My husband and I have become regulars this past year and have been treated GREAT by Nate! Go Nate! :) Coleslaw is pretty amazing too!
4	Best dog friendly dining spot in Phoenix! There's a patio area and I've asked to bring my pup here a few times and each time have had no problems. The staff Is always friendly and each time has brought out lots of water for my pup to enjoy, The food is delicious as well. The turkey burger is my favorite and the delicious shakes are heavenly. I love the casual, California type laid back atmosphere. It makes for a relaxing dining experience with friends. The staff is always very patient as well, since my friends and I spend most of the time sitting, talking and catching up, opposed to ordering and eating. The prices are pretty average, not as affordable, but not very pricey. Also, you can order and pay for to go items from the outdoor counter area, perfect if you have your pup with you and don't want to dine in, but want something a bit more delicious and healthier then the typical fast food drive through options. Also the counter is an outdoor bar area as well with a TV so if you just want a drinks and watch the game, you can do that too with your pup too. Overall have enjoyed my experience here every time!
5	You dang right. I'm a vegetarian and they had a veggie burger that is one of the best you can get. I hear their meat is good too. LOL. Great selection of wines here and they are at an awesome price. They have nice comfortable bar and really cool setup. Eat here and you will feel good and look good
2	Came here tonight. Figured I better get my butt home and write this before I felt totally uninspired to do so. Love the concept but they just fail in the execution. The decor is just ridiculous. It's like a malt shop meets the farm. I just think that they could have done SO many more inventive things. It's a shame actually. We ordered two drinks and then looked over the menu for food. Our server was nice but she had another two top and a six top and I think she was a bit overwhelmed. She came back about 10 minutes later no drinks in hand but ready to take our order. We both ordered the Kobe with no cheese and mayo. An order of the truffle fries. About five minutes goes by and someone drops off our truffle fries but still no drinks. A few minutes later our food comes out and still no drinks. At this point I had to ask for them which is just ridiculous.  I ordered a $10 glass of wine and I seriously asked if the pour was right on it. It was tiny! The fries had come out cold but they were still decent. Not the best I've has but ok. The burgers were nothing special. They weren't bad but they weren't spectacular either. I think Fox missed the mark on this one. It's too bad! Save $40 and have a Five Guys burger!
4	Sam Fox is making money hand over fist at this gem of a spot. We arrived late by lunch standard mid-week and the place was packed to the gills.  It was a perfect day to sit on the patio. I loved the people watching . . . and dog watching. I wish we had brought ours with us. They, too, would have enjoyed it!Service was excellent, even at such a busy time. We ordered some sides to start, zucchini fries and sweet potato fries.  The zukes were delicious, cooked in an ultra-lite batter and sprinkled with a little parmesan. The sweet potato fries were equally as good. Both were large portions!  Not a meat lover, I ordered the ahi sandwich minus the slaw and avocado and topped with braised onions and wild mushrooms. Absolutely splendid! My hubby ordered the Kobe burger, a nicely seasoned chunk of Kobe covered with cheddar cheese and wild mushrooms. The best he's had in a long, long time, he said.I don't know where he put it, but my dear husband ordered the salted caramel shake. Wow is all I can say about the one "bite" I had . . . so thick and creamy . . . I was on Cloud Nine . . . and my husband was in a food coma afterwards! Yummy all the way around!
3	I went here on sunday afternoon. Thought it would be good place to go to since the day was great. Sat the bar which was cool. I ordered the creme brulee shake, turkey burger and my friend (the great lover he is-lol) had a Sam burger and we shared the sweet potato fries. The shake did not taste nothing like creme brulee, it was just plain ol vanilla shake, nothing special about this shake. I could have passed on it but hey wouldnt have known what it taste like until I tried it. My lover-friend really liked his burger, but wished it would have came with fries automatically. My burger was ok, again I was not blown away by it. The sweet potato fries were good as always with the dipping sauce. I thought everything was ok. I kinda look at it like an ''upscale burger joint'' and I am using that term loosely. I would possibly come back, the ambiance was good, I would mos def try something different the next time I come.
5	SIL and I went here and had an outstanding burger experience!  I just wish there was one closer to my side of town :(  Alas, when we want a guaranteed good burger experience (a la 'non-fast-food' style), we know here's where it's at.  Plus, who doesn't enjoy having a glass of zin with their burger.. mine certainly paired perfectly.I had the Zinburger and was *loving* the cheese (I like funky cheeses on my beef), but what stood out the most was the perfectly cooked and moist (and a little pink) patty.  These people know when to stop cooking the patty (unlike some other places I've recently reviewed.. ugh).  My SIL had the same but I had added a few toppings (hence mine was a little more pricey but had much more interesting flavors with every bite).  We decided to split the sweetpot fries.. .oof, so good!  I don't think I'm a fan of their dipping sauce, but I don't need no stinkin' dipping sauce for my fries.. they were well cooked and very plentiful.. enough to share!We sat outside in the patio area and, though it was busy busy busy (as always), we had good service and the atmosphere was really relaxing and up-beat at the same time.
3	Not awful, but certainly not that good. After 4-5 visits, I only go there in a pinch, or when I'm asked to meet others there.  I wish it were better, because it's so close.The good: Decent craft beer selection, terrific service, great location, patio dining.The bad: Underportioned for the price (sides/fries are much bigger at Delux), quality (burgers aren't as good or as imaginative as at The Grind).I'm happy to drop $15 for a big, awesome burger and a big order of really well done fries. But Zinburger doesn't deliver that.Went again last night for a get-together and tried the Asian Chicken Salad -- small portion for $10 or $11 and totally unmemorable. Had a nice Four Peaks Ale and Sierra Nevada, though.
3	When I assess a restaurant, I look at several factors. First, taste of the food. Also, value, service, and atmosphere. The taste of the food was good, but nothing exceptionally special. I think my husband's words were, "I've had this exact burger someplace else."  I concur. And for the price, it was a bit steep. Could have gone to Red Robin for as good a burger and half the price. But, I'm glad we tried this place; I have been a general fan of Sam Fox's for a while. I had the turkey burger and it was good and very filling. Our waitress was very nice, but took so much time with each table that she took forever to get around to everyone. So....I am glad I came but won't be back.
4	Another one of Fox Concept's great restaurants. Great food, great service, great location. Casual, but quality dining. Go on a nice day and sit at the bar. Bar is set up to bring outdoors in. Servers are helpful, kobe burger is done just right and wine selection always has something interesting. Bartenders will provide helpful recommendations and they are happy to offer tastings. After dining, go explore Shops at Biltmore; apple store, pottery barn, saks, William-Sonoma, Ralph Lauren. Sit in the very nicely landscaped and large grass quadrangle and just people watch. Dog friendly area. Very nice way to spend an afternoon or evening.
5	Great Hot Food. Hava Chicken and Sam Burger were great!  Only you need to switch the sauce with your sweet potato fries. The yogurt dip was not that good.
5	Zinburger proved to be everything it's cracked up to be and then some!  No wonder it wins awards for Best Burgers! The meat was flavorful & cooked to perfection and the brioche bun was amazing.  The wait-staff was very attentive and helpful.  The overall experience was 5-star.  I had the Samburger and my wife had the Zinburger and both were outstanding although we agreed the Zinburger was slightly tastier with its braised onions.We got there at 11:30 AM to beat the lunch crowd but the place was already packed, so pick your spots.  If you think it might be too far to go for a burger or that $10 is too expensive, think again...it's worth the drive and the money.
5	LOVE it so much that we ate here two nights in a row during our Phoenix trip! Might be the best meal I've ever had! The special of the week American Kobe burger w/Oregon morrell mushrooms is AWESOME!!
5	One of the best burgers I have ever had.  the Fry's are the best..... the Bacon Bloody Mary's are super!  If you are in town you need to try this place out.  You will be very happy!
5	this is one of the, if not THE BEST burger in Phoenix.  And I wasn't prepared to say so.  But it is.The beers are too expensive, so is the rent, I'm sure, but the burgers ARE delicious, the garlic fries... -- FORGET ABOIUT IT!!!!! -- THE BEST!I'm not a fan of Sam Fox Restaurants.  Sauce sucks, Bloom blows, North is hit-and-miss... but Zin is wonderful!
3	Ok. I tried - Several times. But I just don't get how this place is getting good reviews for their burgers. I understand people raving over the shakes - they are AMAZING! The fries (especially the truffle fries) are super delicious too. They've got excellent, inventive cocktails and a good wine selection.But the burgers? Bleh. Even if I hadn't read any reviews before I went, I would have assumed that a place that supposedly specializes in burgers would have figured out how to make a pretty spectacular burger. I guess I assumed wrong. I've tried a few different kinds but have always ended up with salty, but otherwise flavorless burgers. All in all this place would get five stars if it was a malt shop that served fries, but unfortunately they decided to showcase their most inferior menu item and charge an arm and a leg for it. That gets a big negatory in my book. Sorry Zinburger. I'm sure I'll be back for a shake and fries at some point, but otherwise I've learned my lesson.
5	Order the SAM BURGER  and add Egg and Avocado... AWESOME.
2	So I only give 2 stars because I don't think you should fancy up a burger.  I've had some really amazing burgers for cheap.  That being said, the burger was good.  The truffle fries were ok...a bit too oily.  Nothing out of this world but ok.  The location is convenient being in the mall and the atmosphere is nice.  One weird thing are the cows wallpapering the place.  I'd rather not see what I'm eating while I'm eating.  Kinda freaked me out.  Seems like a great place to grab a beer and watch a game on a Sunday.
2	My boyfriend and I never heard of this place previously and just happened to walk by and try it. Without having any expectations, it's true what people say, the burgers are good, but the price you pay for what you get really isn't worth it. With "burger" in the restaurant name, I was expecting a multitude of burgers to choose from, but there are a limited amount of burgers listed on the menu. The burgers range from $9-$14 and with a higher price, you'd think you'd get a side of fries or something, however, you only pay for the burger. I was surprised when the burgers came out with no sides included so my boyfriend and I ordered a side of sweet potato fries. They were decent, but for $5, the "basket" seemed more like a handful. We also ordered the Peach Cobbler Shake of the month and weren't really blown away...it was just vanilla ice cream with peaches on top.Finally, Zinburger keeps the doors open. It makes the restaurant seem more breathable which makes sense because their interior is simple with fresh colors, but leaving the doors open means flies come in. My boyfriend and I were constantly swatting flies away from our food when we sat down, when we were eating, and when we were signing the check. Overall, I've had better. For two people, we spent $45. The food is good, but definitely not worth the money and fly-filled atmosphere.
3	So the burgers are good, as most people on Yelp have posted, but the experience could be better for a number of reasons.  We had the $20 dinner "special" for 2 - where you get 2 burgers, 1 order of fries for $20.  So when I got the bill, I was charged $21.25, and not $20 (this is not including tax), so I was thinking "wait the special is advertised for $20, NOT $21.25!  The server informed me that I was charged an "extra" $1.25 because I asked for onions on my burger! WTH!??  Are you serious??  The server never said that I would be charged extra for onions - so be careful when you order here, because Zin likes to add deceptive charges - what a Sin Zin!  Shysters.I reluctantly give 3 stars because the burger was good and the service was also pretty good.  But Zin should include some food on the side with their burgers, because when you order a burger you are getting it stand-alone, no fries, no veggies, nutin.If you want to add "extra" on your burger, be careful.
4	Try the Ahi tuna burger with a side of truffle fries! The semi-sweet bread with slices of avocado really adds to the flavors of the ahi. Super fresh and tasty. Best of all - happy hour - half off sides!!!
5	Firkin awesome food.  Worth letting your belt loose for.  Salads were just as good as the burger.
4	I wanted to try one of the famous burgers here. But by the time I got around to it, the time was 7:00 pm. This wouldn't normally be an issue for me, but I'm on east coast time. So internally, it was 10:00 pm and my appetite had shut down for the day. It's as if it said: "Okay fine. If you haven't eaten by now I suppose you don't plan to. Then sleep. And feed me extra in the morning, Seymour." But I was seated at the bar/counter dining area so I decided to order a chicken salad. It was actually quite good and just enough if you're in the mood for something light. Service was also very good. The kind gentleman at the bar was extremely attentive and managed it all alone while dealing with about a dozen customers. And about that famous burger...while I didn't get to try one on this trip, the gentleman seated next to me ordered one and it looked pretty amazing to me. Big patty with a ton of bacon and whatever else he ordered. I wanted to snap a picture of his meal but thought better of it. Next time, I'm getting here earlier so I can manage one of those...
4	My fiance and I were treated to lunch here by my future inlaws.  I would have to say this was one of my top 5 favorite burgers.  I believe that I ordered the zinburger and I was impressed by how you could customize what you ordered.  They had plenty of cheeses and toppings that you could add or switch out with whatever was on the menu.  Also, if you do go here, order the zucchini fries!  They were amazing - perfect amount of batter/breading (just enough but in no way overwhelming the zucchini) and topped with some parmesan.  It is a little pricey - over $10 for the entree- but every now and then you should treat yourself.
5	Don't come here if you are broke or cheap....cause these burgers aren't either.  However, the Kobe beef burger maybe the BEST burger I have ever had my entire life and I am not exaggerating.  Our server recommended it because the meat is tender and buttery and whole cow (pun intended) was it fricken awesome.  Its modern casual atmosphere with great service and excellent french fry options and shakes and super good strawberry lemonade.  Parking blows at the Biltmore so park in the garage in back so you have shade and it cost you nothing.
5	Great service & good food! The burgers were great - best I've had in a long time. Sweet potato fries were good but I've had better (like FEZ) but the best was the salted carmel shake.... So so so so good!
4	I've been to Phoenix twice in the last two years and both times went to Zinburger. The sweet potato fries are definitely delicious & certainly worth $5. I've tried the zinburger, the samburger, the Kobe beef burger & the plain and simple and all are fabulous. Great service every time & sitting outside while the misters are spraying is delightful. I will say beware of add ons; if you want extra stuff you will pay for it!
5	Love the Girl Next Door!  My fav drink!  Burger are to die for with carmelized wine onions.
4	I liked Zinburger, but did think it was a little overpriced since the burgers don't come with fries. The food was good. I had the chicken sandwich, thought the bun was really delicious and ate the whole thing. My boyfriend tried the Sam burger with bacon and thousand island + american cheese and said it was very good. We did start with the zucchini fries even though we thought it was a rip. They were pretty good but nothing amazing, certainly for paying five or six bucks. We were having a little bit of a Saturday Funday and so I drank a girl next door (pink and fun, really good), and my boyfriend had the margarita, which was also yummy. Both drinks were beautifully served. Also, I want to mention that the waitresses at this restaurant were doing a really good job. I would even say, a stand-out-good-job.I'm a big fan of FRC and so as usual, this restaurant did not disappoint.
5	Great food.  Attentive and friendly staff.  Will go here again and again and again.
5	Delicious, joucy burger cooked perfectly and with tasty topics and bun.  Also enjoyed the fries (not over-or under-done as they tend to be many places) and the sour cherry margarita.  Helpful, prompt service in an airy, pleasant atmosphere.  Tables are well-spaced--not overly crowded.
1	My one star is for the turkey burger alone.  I wouldn't go back to dine here again, but I would order it to go, it was very good...but a little over priced.  Burger places shouldn't be pretentious in my opinion, and this place oozes that.
4	Yeah, it's a little overpriced for burgers but it is not out of the norm compared to other joints like this ie; Coal Burger, Modern Burger, etc...We have eaten here two times. Both times I ordered the Zinburger sub the veggie patty and add truffle aioli. Both times it was great. I will admit our first visit we each ordered a side of fries which was way too much food. One order is enough to split between two people. The milkshakes are stellar and are alone worth the trip to Biltmore.Definitely expect a wait if you go during the weekend. Other than watching others get to eat before you, I have no complaints. Good service, good food, good restaurant!
4	It's a great burger...The stuff isn't cheap, but it's really tasty. There are a variety of options, tons of toppings and options, a veggie burger (if you're into that sort of thing), and a bunch of different types of fries.I've been twice, I had the Kobe burger once (not worth the extra $, because the regular burgers are so good on their own), and the Samburger last time I was there. Both burgers were really good, but I thought the fries were a little underwhelming. The best part of the menu to me is their milkshakes. Awesome milkshakes. Keep in mind though, you'll be taking out a second mortgage to buy a burger, fries and milkshake (no joke those three things will run you $25 + tax/tip). Only other real negative is that there always seems to be a wait. It's not that big inside, and I don't want to sit outside when it's 100+.There are a couple spots that I think have better burgers, but Zin is a very, very good option in Phoenix.
5	I've based my 5 stars on one visit to Zinburger. I had the best turkey burger I've ever had. It was so juicy and delicious. My boyfriend had the Zinburger which he said was also delicious. We also had two shakes. The Zinbar shake was awesome and the bananas foster shake was thick and so yummy! The service was good and the deal (2 burgers & fries for $20) was great! I wish there were a location closer to us in Gilbert.
5	My husband and I liked the gourmet burgers + wine idea so much that we did this for our wedding at a modern art gallery.  Super fun and the guests loved it!  Okay 1st things 1st.  They tend to undercook here...I like my burgers medium-rare, but medium-rare = rare in their book, so always order a little higher on the doneness scale to get what you want.  I always order a medium and get a PERFECT medium-rare.The fries are incredible....it's a huge toss-up between the sweet potato and the truffle fries...they're both amazing and worth it!  All of the burgers are phenomenal and inventive...one time for the monthly special, there was a brie, basil, and balsamic burger....I'm not joking around when I tell you I was in heaven !!!!  My husband once had a Rueben - a kobe burger, piled high with pastrami, dijon, swiss, and on rye bread.  He still talks about that burger !!!  I love that they try new flavors and think out of the box.  We go back every couple months or so - we are HUGE fans!
1	I saw so many great review on Zinburger we had to come and give the turkey burger a try. YUCK!!!!!!!!! I mean it was so disgusting we had grease running down our hands ( how do you get so much grease in a lean meat like turkey, what's the point!). then my husband had to catch a flight where he ended up belching the entire time with an upset stomach.I know the review sounds harsh and I really hate to give such a low rating but honestly, it was the worst by far I have had for turkey burgers and a total disappointment. I thought it was also in poor taste to see some of the wait staff two tables away laughing and counting their tips and playing around. I wont be coming back. Just not worth the effort.
4	I've had two recent opportunities to try out this place.  It seems there has been a trend in the Valley: there are a lot of newish burger places.  Some of them are chains (Five Guys, Smashburger), and some are gourmet burger joints (Delux, Zinburger, etc.).  I, personally, always welcome a new burger joint.My first visit, I was flying solo on a Friday night, and sat at the bar.  This isn't the type of place at which you would typically want to be seen dining alone on a Friday night, but I will always maintain that it is my friends who are lame, not me.  Thankfully, the girl working the bar was nice and friendly.  Zinburger definitely gets points for friendly service.I also appreciated that they let me drink a bottle of the Thomas Kemper Orange Cream Soda that they presumably use for the 50/50 floats.  Having a bottled or on-tap soda with my burger always makes the meal more complete.As far as the actual burgers are concerned, I'd say they're pretty good, but not the best I've ever had.  The toppings are where they shine - there are about a dozen different cheese options, as well as bacon, avocado, peppers, wild mushrooms, a fried egg, and a variety of sauces that aren't listed on the menu.  Get a good combination, and a medium rare burger there really is quite respectable.The double truffle fries are also excellent, and the zucchini fries aren't bad (though I couldn't even eat half the order).  And right now, they have a blackberry peach lemonade that is spectacular.Finally, a word on the shakes: they're good, but not $6 good.Truthfully, this place is borderline five stars, but the only reasons it's not, in my mind, is because I've had Diablo Burger in Flagstaff, and you can plan on spending at least $20 for a burger, side, and a drink.
3	I give it 3 stars because has an appealing environment, good food & service.I'm not a fan of high priced burgers with limited options, unless you go for a basic $9 burger with nothing on it, then get charged $1.25 for every topping added after that. If I'm in the mood for a burger and a beer, I'll stick to Smash Burger!
5	Yummy!
4	Can't say a lot I had a bacon bloody mary and a side which was of course fab because I love bloody marys. My friend gave me some of her turkey burger which was the best, most juicy turkey burger I've ever had, even with mayo on it! I hate mayo. The burger didn't come with fries which I hate! If I eat a burger I want some fries and I don't want to pay more. I want to Grease it up and go all out. I got a side of parmesan zucchini fries which were nothing special.I will definitely go back and try a burger when I'm in the area and the mood to treat myself!
3	I hopped on here to read reviews for this place right before going and I'm glad I did. Took someone's advice and ordered the truffle fries and was very glad I did.We went during lunch hour on a Friday and it was a busy little hive of activity. To sit inside was a 5-15 minute wait so we sat outside. We took the risk of being in the mid-afternoon sun and fighting off a few brave birds that lurked around because we were hungry. We ordered a basket of zucinni fires and the truffle fries. I loved both. Neither were too fried or drenched in batter, both had enough seasoning and deep-fried-ness to them that they were very enjoyable. Everyone's food was great and received high remarks. I wasn't a fan of A burger without fries costing $11 bucks, but I understand its gormet and you're paying for the Max Taylor signature atmosphere too. All the wait staff were very pleasant and attentive.
3	Good burgers, good service.The best time to go is when FRC offers their awesome 25% off. Expect a crowd, but there are usually seats at the bar. The stools are backless, but comfortable.I usually get the Kobe burger  ($15) and Truffle fries ($6, and it's not a huge portion, nor bottomless). If I wanted a  normal burger, I'd go somewhere about $10 cheaper. But it's an experience. I think it fits in BFP just fine. I've also tried the turkey burger, and it was tasty, but I have no other restaurant to compare it to.The decor is funny. Very cow friendly. At least it's not a bunch of red and white with peanut shells on the floor...If I ever make it to happy hour, I may add the 4th star. Even though I get it, I'm just not that inclined to pay $21 + tax & tip for a burger and fries on a regular basis.
3	Good.  Not excellent, not great, but good.I found it WAY too crowded and noisy for my taste, but I suppose that's a good thing for the restaurant's bottom line, and they probably wouldn't have it any other way.  Things like service-staff training and quality control must be top notch there, because every waitstaff person I have dealt with there is uniformly pleasant, well-informed, fast, and helpful.  Similarly, in the four or five visits I have made, I have never had a QC nightmare with undercooked or overcooked food or screwed up orders - even when my wife ordered a fairly complicated custom sandwich.  For that, they defintiely deserve kudos because it is hard to tolerate inconsistency at a place like this.  But they are indeed consistent.....but unfortunately, it is only consistently "good" food, nothing special, especially at these prices.This would be an easy 4-star if they found a way to shave 20% off the prices.  Just too much green for just normal "good" food, if you know what I mean.But I like to focus on the positive, so I will say with confidence that the truffle-oil fries are a real treat, and well worth the $6.
3	Zinburger....eh, it's alright. I can't help but think about how much I liked Delux way more. It's not a bad burger but I ordered the El Diablo Kobe burger and failed to see what was so special. I paid an extra $5 for it to be Kobe and was excited to taste the difference, and honestly neither me or my bf were able to tell. I was also excited about the truffle fries (since they are my favorite fries at The Yard House), but they turned out to be mediocre also. They have great aiolli sauces but that was the only thing that really stood out. Its a nice setting, very clean and classy, we were able to watch some college football from our booth. I would eat here again if a friend wanted to go, but otherwise I will probably go elsewhere next time I want a gourmet burger.
4	A great burger/beer/wine place!Found this gem since I work down the street.Yummy burgers, excellent sweet potato and truffle fries. Burgers are a decent size.\Only cons: Big open window/patio area allows flies to pester you when you are seated INSIDE. So annoying. You will be swatting flies in between bites.Also, I wish they had a bigger wine and beer list.Friendly service, clean place (minus the flies...)
2	"It is better to look good, than to serve good. . . " First of all, the burgers are very good. I ordered mine medium, and that's how it actually arrived. Not many places will actually cook a burger to order. Maybe they SAY they will, but no. The fries (both sweet potato and regular) were tasty. So no real complaints about the food.But . . . COME ON Sam Fox. . . you can't just put model-looking women out there as servers and hostesses, have them take far too long to seat us because they couldn't figure out which tables were open, deny that a special was being offered (until I showed the email for it on my phone),  have them take 10 minutes or so to bring a glass of wine, delay a simple food order by about 20 minutes or so, repeatedly neglect water and drink refills, forget that the burger was ordered without a bun, and expect customers not to notice because they've been blinded by an abundance of voluptuary feminine goodness. I've gotten better service at actual stripjoints that served food. So, not really a fan. Maybe caught them on a bad night (though the Tuesday night crowd didn't seem like it would have been too imposing). I might give them another chance, but then if I'm paying $11 for a burger ala carte, basically everything needs to be perfect to convince me to go back. Smashburger and 5 Guys are just down the street, and I'd rather not pay for the pretention of service.
5	Best Burger ihave had to date..Service is Ok but the food makes up for that.
3	I'd heard that the food here was good, if overpriced.  Finally gave it a go and I have to say that's exactly the impression I came away with.I ordered the breakfast burger.  The service was a little on the slow side, we had to flag down the waitstaff once or twice to get their attention, but they were plenty friendly.  The burger itself was good, cooked just as I'd ordered it, and was pretty tasty too.  I was a little disappointed in the fried egg, it was a little overcooked and the yolk was completely solid, not what I expect from a burger with fried egg.I decided to forgo the fries - $5 for a side of fries when I am already forking over $11 for a burger seems a little much.  Management sent us out a complimentary order of fries anyway due to the sluggishness of the service, and I wasn't impressed; they were limp and greasy.  As far as I could tell they just went across the street to McD's for the fries.  Most definitely not worth five bucks.All in all I am not terribly impressed.  The food was good but not fantastic, the service was mediocre, and the prices were a bit much.  Sure, go and give it a try if you've never done it before, and if you're a fan of pretense you'll probably eat this place up.  If you're looking for a good burger, there's a lot of better choices.  As for me, I'm not likely to make a return visit.
4	Big, juicy, burgers...Sam Fox Style. The burgers here are juicy and delicious. The fries are just as good and very salty (in a good way). I especially enjoy the multiple dipping sauces they offer to accompany the fries and I always try to save room for a milkshake to wash it down! This is a good spot for lunch because the service is relatively quick!
4	We stopped in here between movies during our Movie Marathon Monday at the Esplanade.  So weird that I haven't been here before considering it's not even 5 minutes away from home.First things first...Zucchini fries...YUM! Outside seating on a nice breezy day...SWEET!Sour Cherry Margarita...ok, it was tasty, but why are they so small? :( Bummer!We also ordered the 'The Ringer' burger which was perfectly done. We asked for medium well (it was alot of food, so we split the burger) and it was absolutely, positively, perfectly, exactly medium well. And OH SO TASTY, meaty, juicy, plump (not in a Mondoburger way...it appeared to be real meat)! Just the right amount of food for the short amount of time between Looper and Hotel Transylvania. :) I'll be back because their malts, desserts and salads look fabulous.
3	Very good Kobe or Angus beef burgers and the staff was great.  The burgers are sized generously, juicy, and you can have all the trimmings with their variety of choices.Most people find Zinburger while shopping at this upscale mall near Biltmore, so I recommend that they stop by for lunch.  When the weather cools off in the fall through spring,  the indoor-outdoor atmosphere where they open the wall between the two is really nice.For those of you who are vegetarian or no-beef types, they have veggie, fish, chicken, and turkey meals.  Would have gotten 4 stars with a more diverse menu, but specializing on the burger fits a certain crowd and they seem to be doing well.
4	My burger melted in my mouth! I ordered the "el diablo", and we all shared zucchini fries, sweet potato fries, as well as onion rings. So very tasty. I had a glass of chardonnay, and although everything was cooked to perfection, this place would have gotten five stars if it weren't too expensive for everything ordered. Not to mention the hostess forgot to give us kids menus and were not brought to us till it was time to go.  We basically just had to ask if they served kid burgers, no big deal.  But we will be back next time we are craving melt in your mouth burgers.  Oh, and happy hour looks like a great time to fill up on wine and food for the best prices.
5	These burgers pack a wallop. Seriously.  They are big, fresh, succulent, juicy, tender, and melt in your mouth, with the different textures of the toppings (depending on what you get) all perfectly complementing the meat.  Can't say enough about this place.. while there's something to be said about the bun (can get a little soggy on the bottom), this is definitely the best burger joint in the valley.  Get it medium-rare for the full tender experience, and an order of five guys-like fries (same lightness to it, but is crispier and fresher).  Plus a Sierra Nevada.  You won't regret it.I do find myself occasionaly feeling a twang of guilt looking at the big happy cow in the field of greens on the back wall... but that instantly subsides after taking a bite out of a burger.
5	Loved this place!  I can't get enough of gourmet burgers and fries, truffle fries at that!  I love when I can get a burger with avocado, different cheeses besides cheddar, roasted red peppers and tell them how I want it cooked.  The truffle fries are a must!  And I wouldn't leave without getting the salted creme brulee milkshake, but split it as it is pretty large and rich.  I loved that the interior of this place was so modern, but they still had a bar where you could and they had the Monday night football game on.  This burger joint is fancier than most, but prices match the experience you will have and quality of food you will get.  Would go again!
4	I really enjoyed my burger, truffle fries and sundae the one time I went here and the service was great. It was a good atmosphere and very clean.
5	Best burger in town by far.  I am a gourmet food salesman and these guys do not buy from me so it pains me to admit it, but the burger is second to none.  Believe it.  I had the kobe burger, out of this world.
4	Really good burger. Lots of great options and a fun environment!
3	Had the el diablo burger and it was cooked to perfection. I did not like the zuchini fries.We sat outside at night and it was good atmosphere.
4	I eat here almost every day.  I buy gift cards for Fox Restaurant Concepts to get a free meal out of every 5 I get here.  I mean, wow. Clean food. Clean atmosphere.  Totally transparent feeling about the place.  Hate that they serve Kobe (all grown up Veal) but they do grind the meat in-house.  Sweet potato fries - if you get them to go, get 2 dipping sauces.  That stuff needs to be reverse engineered....in my kitchen.Update***Sometimes the service is spotty. I'm there so much I know like, every server. 90% are awesome. 5% are ok. 5% just sort of seem to be....meh. I hate that word.
5	Kobe burger with truffle fries...awesome! They grind fresh daily and it taste like it. Look out smash burger this place is ridiculous!
4	Draft reviews are dumb. You should be able to post the review from your phone. OK now on to the real review..  The only complaint I have about this place is that if you order your burger with no bun it gets too messy and isn't as tasty as other places..however the burgers overall are great.  I've been back twice since my first visit and will return.  Another great concept by Fox
4	Pros1. One of the best veggie burgers I have eaten in PHX! They make their own veggie patties everyday apparently! Ah put the fried egg on it, & it will blow Ur mind. Yes u r welcome :)2. Huge portions for the fries and shakes. We got zucchini tots & sweet potato fries. They were good. 3. The salads look amazing as well, try em 4. The ambience is good and service good, even if a tad slow Cons1. No fries are included with the burger and this always gets to me, why should we pay more to get fries, common no burger is complete without the fries!! It's not like the burger is huge to be worth $10. When u order the fries though be careful it's huge, so better to share it with someone. 2. The place is a bit on the expensive side for a burger placeAll said I m coming back to get the veggie burger again. Love the places like these that are puttin effort into making the vegetarians happy as well
5	one of our favorite places for burgers. breakfast burger with fried egg an bacon is so good
5	I've been here to Zinburger a few times but this is my first review. I have to say that it is probably my favorite burger restaurant in the state. I've been to most of the other popular and trendy places but Zin keeps on living up to the best!On our latest visit we were seated in the heated patio. The wait for the restaurant was nearly 30 mins or seating right away on the patio. It was chilly out so I was happy for the heat lamps! Not bad at all with them on. My wife and I decided to share this time.   It was hard to do, but since its the new year, I wanted to start things right in my whole diet and exercise plan.  Cutting calories in half is a good start right?  We had the ringer with avocado added.  All I can say was wow. Excellent! In the past we have had the Kobe burger with pineapple which was a special back then, and we have ordered that numerous times.  It's been almost a year since I tried that one though. We also shared the truffle fries which were great. All in all, it was just the right amount of food for us. I would say this is our fifth time here and I never had a bad experience hence my 5 star review. I think the Ringer is my new all time favorite so I'm sure we will be back here soon for it again!!
4	A burger and fries place, only upscale!  Zinburger offers beef burgers which are a mix of Angus and Kobe style beef for your standard patty, although you can use 100% Kobe for $5 more.  They offer several different variations on the standard burger and fries, and also offer a veggie burger, chicken, ahi tuna, and turkey for those that aren't beef inclined.  They also offer upscale milkshakes ($6 each) with flavors such as bananas foster and creme brulee.  We ate here for dinner on a Sunday night, and had a fairly large party to seat.  There were no problems getting seating for us when we arrived (Around 5:30 P.M.), and service was prompt.  I had the bananas foster shake ($6), double truffle fries ($6), and a veggie burger ($9).  I also had some of the El Diablo burger ($10).  The shake was thick, rich, and had a nice light banana flavor from the fresh bananas.  The ice cream they use here is Breyer's, which was a nice touch.  The double truffle fries were nice and they were hand cut, but a lot of our fries were "frylets" in that they were smallish pieces of potato rather than average sized strips you can easily grab with your fingers (Versus having to grab a lot at a time with the "frylets").  I could taste a lot of white truffle flavor from the white truffle oil they used in both the fries and the aioli.  The aioli itself though tasted like white truffle infused mayo rather than a garlicy aioli.  The veggie patty was nice in that it tasted like it was made fresh vs. using a already-formed patty.  It was a black bean mixture, and while the sides of the burger had a nice crunch to combat the mushy texture of the bean patty inside, the inner part of the burger tasted like mushy black beans.  Perhaps some grain inside of the burger would help to provide extra texture.  In addition, it was nice that they added smoked mozzarella to the burger, but I couldn't taste much smokiness nor much cheese although it was melted on the patty.  The veggies accompanying the burger were fresh and plentiful, including large slices of creamy avocado.  The El Diablo burger I tried was better.  It was juicy, and cooked perfectly to order (Medium), and had great beef flavor from the burger and the spicy condiments.So, going to Zinburger, if you're not a vegetarian, your best bet is to stick with the beef burgers, and be sure to get a yummy shake to go with your meal.  Your taste buds will thank you!
4	I love that I can eat a burger smothered in goat cheese while listening to my favorite Spoon album and other music you don't often hear out. The atmosphere is modern and fun although the paintings of adorable black and white cows on the walls offer no reassurance when you're sinking your teeth into red meat ... just saying. The service is good our waitress was great and very accommodating. One of the other servers was barely covered by her why-am-I-wearing-these-in-winter-tiny-white-shorts which I thought was out of place and icky in a food service environment. The burgers were great, the fries were OK but the milkshakes were definitely the highlight of the evening.
5	I LOVE Zinburger!! My husband loves it too, he just doesn't like the prices. I don't care, It's Amazing and I am a believer that you get what you pay for!They have a New burger every week and most of them are good, but I like their regular zinburger and sweet potato fries with the yogart dip!L-O-V-E their Bananna Cream Pie!! OMG, but you have to share it, it's Huge!Best of all, the meat is "Real" Lean Cow's Beef! It melts in your mouth like Butter! The staff is friendly for the most part and even funny at times. It's nice sitting outside under the umbrella's when the wheather's not too Hot!Love, Love, Love Zinburger!!!
5	Great Kobe burger!
5	The turkey sloppy joe burger was unbelievable. Their fries aren't the best in town but I couldn't stop eating them. Every burger I saw pass in front of me looked amazing... I wanted to eat all of them while I was there. The wait staff is young and pretty, fun to look at unless you're on a date. Then, good luck to you, sir. This place is owned by the same company that runs True Foods. Need I say more? Both places are awesome in their own way.
4	i love this concept of a hip burger and wine joint. or that could be burger and shake or burger and beer. a simple menu done well in a cool atmosphere at a good price is the way to go. well done zinburger. and kudos on a deece beer list.
3	I hate to say it, but the only thing standing between my 3 rating and a 5 rating was $5. I knew that hitting a place in Biltmore wasn't going to be a frugal experience, and I was cool with that. I'll pay more for good food. but I have to admit that I have a really hard time paying $10 for a burger that doesn't come with ANY sort of side. And fries? Yeah, those are $5. And I realize a lot of places charge $12 or $13 for good, upscale burgers and Zin's combined cost isn't far off of that, but it just feels rip-off-y. (Note To Restaurant: if you bumped up burger prices $3 & gave 1/2 the amount of fries, you'd prob get better feedback from customers PLUS bump up your margin. It's really just perception.)That said, I have to say, the burger was freaking delicious. I got the Diablo burger, piled high with roasted jalepenos and carmelized onions, and it really was amazing. The burger itself was cooked & seasoned perfectly. The sweet potato fries were also very good. Not a fan of the yogurt sauce that comes with them, but whatever.Interestingly, their wine prices aren't half bad. I had a very tasty malbec / syrah blend for $6. That's not too shabby, as it seems many places less expensive than this are charging more.Bottom line - great "splurge" place if I'm in the 'hood & have a craving. Not a regular place for me.
5	We came here. sat at the bar, and received excellent service. Yummy food too!Its certainly a step above when it comes to a good old cheeseburger!
3	Went for Valentine's day special, which was a good deal ($40 bucks for 2 burgers, shared side, 2 drinks--included wine and beer!, and dessert).  The burger was just ok, I wasn't crazy about the fries, but my boyfriend liked the fries.  The best part? The dessert! SO GOOD.  The chocolate pie was one of the best desserts I've ever had.  I'd go back just for that... the burger? meh.. there are other good burger places around town.  But I would go back to try the other varieties of burgers.  Fun atmosphere, not-so-friendly hosts, decent service from servers.
5	Veggie burger n truffle fries, yes please!
4	I sat on the patio here twice for lunch in the past 2 weeks and was sad that it took me so long to try this place. I had the Zinburger with a few changes...bacon,  chipotle mayo, caramelized onions, Bleu cheese and ketchup.  They are a little pricey but worth it. The truffle fries are good and so were the couple of reds that I tried. One was a syrah and k forget the other. I will be back again but for 5 stars they could give a 1/2 order of fries for $2 instead of being straight ala carte.
5	I have to admit the burgers are great but the milkshakes are fantastic! Note to self...split everything I order with someone else. Or risk spit britches followed by a food comma....mmmmm
4	Everything we had was quite good and generously portioned.  The burger toppings were generous and fresh.  Really loved the truffle fries.  There is a decent selection of draft beers.
5	I love the Samburger with Bacon and Avocado! BUT... I was SOLD once I ordered the Double Truffle Fries!
5	Great place for casual dining!  I have been here several times and all of the food I have had was delicious.  The service is always good and they always feature and shake of the week and burger of the week.  Its a great place to go if you are looking for something casual.  They have more than just burgers and its a great place for kids as well.
5	Top notch all around. Excellent burgers cooked to perfection,  truffle fries, wonderful wines...THE MILKSHAKES. ONLY drawback - Pepsi products. Nothing goes better w burgers & fries than a diet coke.
4	The hostesses were quite rude and acted a bit to good for their job, the server was great but I found a hair on my plate. Definitely going to give it a second try. They took great care of me. I recommend the breakfast burger!
4	Excellent food, great drinks. Best burger I have ever had.
5	I got the ZInburger, and have never tasted anything like it.  So good!  A friend and I split the burger and split fries (regular fries).  They were shoestring fries and looked overcooked, but no fears...they were crunchy on the outside and perfectly soft on the inside.  How do they do that?  The waitress was about 12 (ok, she was probably 21 but very young looking and perky) and she was friendly, attentive, helpful and not at all "Scottsdale snobbish".  We each had a different ice cream shake, and they were ok.  But the burger and fries made us true believers in ZInburger.
3	First experience with this place was less than pleasant but another fly by leads me to believe that its a decent place to eat. This time the food was good & prepared right. a little slow on filling the glasses tho but the waitress apologized for the wait. I'm willing to stop in again sometime in the future & eat here again
4	Been here several times everytime the burgers are great but can be a bit rare which I love.
4	Great location with a clean, fun atmosphere. Burgers were cooked exactly as ordered and were very tasty! We also had the onion rings. Well, I had three and my son the carnivore scarfed up the rest before he realized there was no meat involved :O)
3	Zinburger is a very decent place to go for a burger. I ordered a burger with wild and morel mushrooms, cooked medium. It was tasty and cooked to perfection; however the morel mushrooms were literally pulverized along with all the other mushrooms. You couldn't differentiate between them in the miasma. My only criticism about the burger is that if you are going to use a very expensive ingredient, please do not destroy it and make it unrecognizable. The fries were hot and fresh, and the ranch dressing I asked for was tasty. My friend ordered his burger medium rare, and unfortunately it arrived medium well. He ate it anyway because he was hungry and didn't want to wait any longer (they were very busy so the long wait for our food is forgiven).The hostesses and servers buzz around the restaurant as if it were a hive; constantly cleaning, picking over the tables, asking if anyone needed anything. This is awesome. The only bad thing about the atmosphere is the customers, themselves! The crowd was VERY loud. Screaming children, women drinking too much wine and talking at the TOP OF THEIR LUNGS when it's not necessary to. It's a very loud experience. I will be back. Definitely not on a packed Saturday night, that's for sure.
3	I had the Kobe burger plus the double truffle fries.Both were just ok, specially taking in consideration the over price.Nice spot, ok food.Be ready to drop at least 20.
3	Good, decent burger but wanted medium rare and got medium instead. The server tried to confirm my request for medium rare when ordering as if I don't know what it means, but it came out over anyway.  Onions were pretty good: nice and crispy and most didn't allow the onion to come slipping out. Nice cheap, but excellent wines by the glass.
5	The kobe burger with the wild mushrooms is a must!  Also recommend the milkshakes and the zucchini fries.
5	Eating here makes me mad that its nowhere near me. I loved it ALL. I tried their burger of the month... A Kobe patty onion and bacon relish port salut cheese truffle aioli and lettuce MMMM, MMMMM! Of course I got both the truffle fries and sweet potato. Our table shared the house salad which was tasty. My favorite thing was the salted caramel shake. People of Arizona, I envy you for having this restaurant in your backyard.
4	Good burgers and good Bloody Mary's with bacon.  Everything is better with bacon, even the vodka was infused with bacon fat.
5	This place is GREAT!  I have only eaten there once now but had a very tasty burger, sweet potato fries and a green tea. All of which were very good, served by friendly staff and it didn't take too long to get our food either.  If you are into teas, try their iced green tea, it was the best I've EVER had!  The burgers were pretty big, come hungry!
4	Delicious food! Their burgers are always amazingly fresh and tasty.  Normally I always have great customer service, but this last time the server seemed too busy doing her closing duties as opposed to bringing our food out on time.  It was a bit on the cold side...disappointing, but still good! Would give it a 5 star, but this last time really bummed me out.  Hopefully next time I get warmer food!
5	I was blown away by the Ahi burger.  As a Pescabacatarian (fish, veggies, bacon) I didn't think I would find anything here to eat.  When i saw the Ahi on the menu I decided to give it a try.  It was perfectly cooked, the bun was great and it wasn't heavy or too filling.I've heard good things about the fries and shakes so I'll be going back for sure.
4	Yep. I am fine!  Good, quick, and tasty American favorite!  How can I not be dammit. Everyone go check it out at least once. If I was GF I be all over the shakes they have too. Quality service as well!
4	All of Fox restaurants are legit, and Zinburger is no different. Delish ISH! Love the Breakfast burger w/ a fried egg on it. I get it lettuce wrapped, no mayo to keep it fairly Paleo. Sweet Potato fries are bomb and don't need the aoli they come with if you wanna keep the calories down.
5	Yes yes yes. My boyfriend and I go here at least once a month. The Zinburger is delicious and the truffle fries... amazing. I crave them constantly. This place is sooo much better than Delux. I recommend sitting at the bar, the bartenders give better service in my opinion! They did cook my burger wrong once, but they were happy to give me another cooked correctly.:)
2	Service was very slow & the place was almost empty. Sent back cold fries & medium burger was very over cooked. For the price, very disappointing!
4	Went here for lunch and the place was packed... Luckily we got sat right away at the bar. The service was quick and the zinburger was juicy and delicious. I will definitely be back!
4	There's nothing like a good burger! I've heard so many good things about this place and FINALLY got to check it out this weekend, boy was everyone right about it! It was amazing! I saw the Breakfast burger and just had to get it. It comes with all of my favorites.. avocado, bacon, mayo and topped with a fried egg! Anything with a fried egg on it is good to me. lol. The burger was amazing and beyond delicious. I also ordered the Creme Brulee Milkshake which was soooooo good! You have to try it! We also ordered the Double Truffle Fries. It was good but it came with this weird Mayo dip which I was not too fond of. Everything was really amazing, HOWEVER the service... my oh my... Let's just say it was very disappointing... We ordered ranch and ketchup for our fries which never came. We had to flag down another waitress to get it for us. Also, our water cups were pretty much always empty. I almost felt the need to go to the bar just to get more water. =/ The waitress probably checked on us maybe once the entire time we were there. This place really does have amazingggg burgers! I would give it a 5 star if it wasn't for the poor service. I also wish there was one on my side of town as well but you can't win em all! =0
5	I have been to Zinburger at least 15 times and not once have I ever had bad service or a burger that did not taste as amazing as the last time. I like mine simple with havarti, lettuce, mayo and bacon. Every side is really good although the zucchini is at the bottom of my list. I see the other reviews with constant complaints and after working in a restaurant have come to realize that many people can quite simply just not be pleased. My boyfriend and I travel about 45 minutes one way just to come here and it is worth the drive every time!!!!
3	I have been here twice the first time I got the Zinburger and aioli fries, which was delicious! I If go back I would order it again. The burger was cooked perfect and the flavors were great. The second time I got the chicken sandwich and I though it was  dry. I will definitely go back but will stick to the burgers.Also If you go there for your lunch hour plan on taking a long lunch, we were there almost an hour and fifteen minutes.
4	So obviously this place pulls in major business and is rather well regarded by its regulars. I decided to give it a shot, as I am relatively new in Phoenix. I came here with several friends, and we were seated promptly. The waitress was very sweet and attentive...I appreciated her effort in providing quality service.We ordered sweet fries, onion rings, and truffle fries, to share between 5 people. They were promptly finished. The sweet fries were paired with a tzatziki sauce, which I found to be a rather poor pairing. The fries themselves were decent but nothing special. The onion rings were pretty tasty-- the barbecue sauce they came with was nothing extraordinary. The truffle fries were my favorite, but  the aioli they came with was too rich and not tangy enough. I ordered the blackberry lemonade but i found it to be a bit too sugary.Our burgers came out within decent time. I decided to go with the Kobe burger. It was definitely excellent-- cooked just right and dripping with juicy goodness. No doubt the quality of the beef likely attributed to the enjoyment. The potato bun was ever so crunchy and melted in my mouth at just the right moments. I'm a sucker for the main entree, so if its good, my review usually ends up as a good review. I left quite satisfied and wouldn't mind coming back.
5	Seriously!Amazing burgers...Just had carbinator modified with a fried egg and cheddar.Yuuup
3	The burgers are not that great. The quality of meat used is not great. AJs off FLW & Pinnacle Peak has way better burgers. Salted Carmel milkshake was good. Definitely would not give this another chance.
3	Good place for a burger and shakeLots of burger options with novel flares.  Meat is cooked perfectly to order.  However, I found the Kobe Burger bland.  Fries are a side you purchase and the Double Truffles were only okay.  The Salt and Caramel shake was way too overpowering.  It made me gag a little with so much butter/sugar flavor.  My wife, who would lick caramel and sea salt from an industrial mixer if she could, even coughed at the intensity of the shake.  And our little girl wasn't a fan of the cheeseburger and fries.  Maybe we caught Zinburger off its game.  We'll have to try it again in the future to see.
5	our  server, kira, was  awesome!  great  vibe,  awesome &  creative  foods  and  great  wines! definitely  coming  back!!
3	Do not order drinks, mine was full of syrup with no alcohol, waste of $. Saw very small wine portions being served. Burger good, cooked just the way I ordered. Skinny fries which I do not like, waste of $5. Milk shakes are a must. If you go, just order the burger and shake,  you will not be disappointed.
4	Decent burgers and sides with high-quality ingredients. The Turkey Sloppy Joe changed my mind about 1) turkey burgers and 2) sloppy joes. Service is good, usually, too. I recommend their sangria, but if you're celebrating anything, split a milkshake or cream pie.
1	Ahh the Biltmore, where non rich white people go to pretend to be rich (seriously all of my laughs are gone by the end of this), the wait staffs acts the exact same. Okay let me take this back a minute, you walk inside and it's a f-ing putrid smell of raw meat, of course because it's open kitchen. Disgusting. They cook the burgers one temperature under the temperature you actually ordered. They ask to bring the fries out first because they're actually "hot" then, even though they're cold...? I know confusing to me as well. The wait staff has an inability to re-fill drinks. This isn't even the worst part. It was my 16th birthday and I got home and started uncontrollably puking till my jaw hurt and eyes turned blood shot red. I went to urgent care, and found out I had mono, with Botulism as the cherry on top. I was hospitalized for four weeks due to complete Botulism symptoms (slurred speech, no saliva, no oxygen the works), and Mono (fevers high grade, very very weak, low blood pressure, red puffy eyes, and again labored breathing). I'm so done with Fox Resteraunt Concepts, their pretentious wait staff is forever a problem but hospitalization for something I could've died from, because of someone's  careless mistake.
1	I had such high expectations based on past visits - which candidly were quite some time ago - but the burger was overcooked, without taste and basically underwhelming.  Won't be back because there are too many good burger places elsewhere.  The milk shake was great but the fries weren't very good either so all in all it was a complete disappointment.  The server was nice but the service was slow which would have been okay had the food been great like in the past.  Frankly, I heard another server ask the table behind ours how their food was and their response was "uninspiring".  They told him it was their first time and they were walking the mall and decided to try it.  I guess it was a bad day for Zin.  Bummer.
5	My new manager raved about Zinburger! We tried it out, and I'm hooked. The service was fast and friendly. I got the Zinburger and it was delicious and fresh. The flavor was amazing! Best burger in Phoenix.
5	Great food!
2	Meh. Very spotty service. We were at the bar and pretty much invisible. Took 50 + minutes to get the food -  pretty simple Sam Burger and veggie burger. No real reason or apology given. Typical lunch afternoon crowd...busy but not crazy. Food was prepared properly and tasted good but the service pretty much said it all. I like Sam Fox restaurants but I'm thinking this one needs an overhaul in management. No excuses for this lackluster staff.
3	Only been here twice in my life and the second time it was because a friend wanted to have lunch here.  So I was like, "Fine."You can tell how enthused I am about this place.  Their burgers aren't bad, they're just burgers to me.  There isn't anything about the taste of their burgers that is distinctive and sets them apart.  When I was here recently, I decided to go the healthy route and try their turkey sloppy joe.   It wasn't that tight.  And it's not because my taste buds would have rather been slathered with a bbq bacon burger, but it just was not good.  I sat there and poked at it miserably .I will say this though - their shakes are balling.  The banana foster shake with a couple shots of Kahlua .... oooooh shiet..
4	The burgers were juicy and good, but nothing truly extraordinary.  Also, the fries seemed a lil limp and greasy, but tasted fine. On the other hand, the milkshakes here are soooo amazing!!!!!! I slurped down the whole thing before are meal was delivered.  I ordered the Creme Brulee shake and my bf ordered the Cookies n Cream.  They are very filling and we would come to Zinburger just for the shakes :) Yummy!!
4	Delicious burger.  Awesome salted caramel shake.
4	This place has become our go-to burger place! Each time we go here, I can't seem to order anything else besides the Zinburger and I don't even like onions. It must be something about them soaked in wine :) Last visit I did try it low-carb style, without the bun, and it was definitely missing something so I'll just have to workout extra hard when I know this place is on tap for dinner. We also enjoy their zucchini fries with ranch, a lot...but I've had them three different times and each time have been different. Time number 2 was absolutely the best but I can't put my finger on what is happening different. This place is usually fairly busy and it can make service a bit impersonal and a smidgen slow but we've always gotten everything out without too long of a wait. I've also tried one of their shakes but honestly, can't really remember what it was so it wasn't too memorable. Overall, a great, casual place for lunch or dinner. Love the patio too!
4	I've been wanting to try this place out. I got my phone replaced today from the apple store and on my way out I thought I'd get a burger to go. The place was incredibly packed. Dude at the bar was cool, girls at the front were really nice. It took a long time to get the burger but It's not McDonnalds and I had zero expectations of being in and out. I just finished my burger and it was so good, I had to jump on yelp and write a good review for the place. I'll call ahead next time i want one to go but the place was so cool, I'll probably want to just eat there. Check it out if you havn't already.
5	Food is always good, I love all the fc restaurants. Have to try the sweet potato frys they are to die for and include a dip with them that is way better than ketchup
4	Always good, don't just stick to burgers. The chicken sandwich and turkey sloppy joe are fantastic!
2	I have tried this place a few times now and I am just not impressed enough to go back again.  I have tried a few of the burgers and one of the salads and it wasn't horrible, but it wasn't memorable either.
3	We both ordered the Hava Chicken Sandwich and split the Zucchini Fries with parm and ranch. Atmosphere was great- patio seating but food took 30 minutes to come out from time of order and fries came out 5 minutes later. Felt a little rushed out but food was very tasty and well prepared. Fries were a little soggy but probably the way they were supposed to be. Never had them before. Asked server to bring more lemons for the water and she never brought them. She clearly forgot as she brought the bill 10 minutes later and didn't mention it. All in all I would come back hoping for better service next time.
3	Drove by this place a million times and finally stopped in for lunch today. We sat outside on the patio - loved the vibe. I ordered the chicken sandwich and the zucchini fries to split. She asked if we wanted the fries out first and I said no, but if I had known the food was going to take 30 minutes I would have told her yes. The sandwiches finally came out and then the fries came out an additional 5 minutes later. We asked for lemon for the water but instead we got the check. Then we felt rushed out. The chicken sandwich was awesome- had them put chipotle mayo on it. The zucchini fries were soggy, so that was disappointing. I would come back based on the sandwich and the vibe, but would hope for faster food and better service.
5	I have promised myself that every time I visit Arizona, I must eat at Zinburger before leaving back home. For once, a burger joint understands that the mass of the meat should be more prominent than the mass of the bun! You don't have to go fishing for it. I usually get a special made sandwich with rye bread, beef patty, pastrami, coleslaw and other goodies inside. That sandwich and their truffle fries complete my trip every stinkin' time. If only there was one in California!
2	I like the decor, and the bar has a really nice openness to it.  Service staff was friendly, and the drink menu had some interesting cocktails that I would go back for.  The food is okay.  The zucchini is good, but I recommend splitting an order.  The burger I got was the weekly special, which had a lot if things going for it, because this special was similar to an In N Out burger.  It was overly greasy though, and the bun is very sweet, which was amplified by the sauce on the special burger.  I don't think I would go back if I knew the sweet, sponge buns were on every burger.
5	Best hamburger in town!!!! So many different options my fav is Kobe beef and triple chocolate milkshake its like been in haven!!!!!!!
5	Yum...love Zinburger!  Awesome service.  Great burgers (cooked perfectly) and loved the sweet potato and truffle fries.  Also had the farm salad which was fantastic.  The server was very willing to accommodate food allergy issues. I will definitely be back!
3	I really want to give zinburger more stars but they are too inconsistent. Fries and onion rings are really hot and crispy some days and cold and soggy other days. And I always go during prime lunch or dinner hours so the heat lamps shouldn't be the reason. The main complaint is how they cook their patties. I asked for medium and the waitress said that was a little pink. When I got it it was dripping pink and the bun was soggy from how undercooked the meat was. The time after I asked for well done and it still had pink dripping! I'll ask for burnt next time and it should be perfect. I do love that they split the shakes for 2 for you, which are really good. Plus one star for that.
5	Good food, great staff and the shakes...Well goodbye diet.
5	Delicious burgers! Great service.
4	I had the breakfast burger it was HELLA good... The only thing I change about the burger is add another egg. We also had the zucchini fries very good as well. Make sure your hungry when you go cause it's a man size burger. The family had the shakes they were not impressed.
5	The burgers and salads are great but the shakes are what does it for me.  I suggest getting the salted caramel shake.
4	I typically go here on the Friday nights the Biltmore does a movie in the park.  The Kobe burger is probably my favorite of all the burgers I've had.  They'd be top notch burgers if they heated and toasted their buns more, but that's a preference thing.I continue to come back because it's a nice place to relax and eat with a friend and I the staff are super friendly so it's always enjoyable.
4	Good burgers make sure you get the apple wood smoked bacon burger and a shake well worth it.
4	Okay so the burgers were good. Great variety, the toppings were delish, and the fries are good. The only reason for no 5 star is the buns are not good... They remind me of cheap fast food burger buns, but other than that everything was great.I had the veggie burger--YUM!!If you are looking for a good burger and don't want it quite as fancy as Deluxe, go here...they are good burgers!
4	Finished shopping and started to get hungry after a small breakfast at Lux... We stopped in for a quick lunch and for seated right away.  After we arrived within 5 minutes there were about 6 groups that showed up and they had to wait 10 minutes to be seated. I had the special of the week, burger with pastrami and coleslaw on rye.  It was a big burger and filled me up.  I liked it and prefer my burgers on bread slices instead of buns.  Wife had the Zinburger, which was a regular cheese burger.  I tried both and liked the special of the week better.  We split an order of truffle fries.  These were good as well.  They came with a dipping sauce that was tasty.  Next time we will split a burger (a lot of people were splitting burgers) and try a milk shake.  Someone next to us had a bloody Mary with a slice of bacon in it and that looked good too.
5	I recently went to Zinburger for a friends birthday (they accept reservations for larger parties, which is The restaurant was packed, and they were still able to provide stellar service and serve amazing food! You can't go wrong with the Hava Chicken Sandwich and Double Truffle Fries!!
4	The husband and I went to Zinburger last week after having apps at Seasons 52 in the same shopping center. We weren't quite full and had a gift card, so figured we would go share a burger. There was a bit of a wait, and the waitress informed us that it was a little bit of a CF in the kitchen that night, but it seemed alright to us. Anyway, we sat on the patio after waiting for 20 min or so and ordered the ringer burger and a bananas foster shake to split. Well, I was impressed, because they brought out both items split for us in separate glasses/plates. That's awesome! The ringer burger was very tasty, it was just a little spicy with the right amount of crunchiness....I would definitely get one of these again. The shake was ah mazing. I don't even typically like shakes, but the banana mixed with the caramel was to die for. I am not a huge fan of most Fox restaurants, but this one was a winner for me. Will be back!
4	The food is quite decent. I ordered the Farm salad in small size (only $5) and it was really good. My friend got a build his own burger with only $11.5 and it turned out really good. The server is definitely friendly, and the environment is great. The whole idea of "concept kitchen" is pretty cool.
3	Met some friends here for dinner last night. We were seated outside, which had heat lamps so it wasn't too cold. The inside dining area has large murals of cows, which to me looks more like an ice cream shop than a burger place. But at least there is no mistaking the name.Before coming I perused the menu and saw that they offer a veggie burger and ahi sandwich, as well as dinner salads which you can order with ahi for an additional charge. My husband and I both ordered salads. They were very good, with the ahi served rare and cubed, but nothing spectacular. I had ordered mine with dressing on the side, which is how it arrived. One of my pet peeves though is when you order something off the menu and when it arrives, it's different. I ordered the Seared ahi salad which ended up looking more like the The Farm salad. It had all this extra stuff in it, which was fine, but I also like consistency between menu and actual preparation. I didn't bother to say anything as it had taken a very long time for food to reach our table. I don't know if something was off in the kitchen last night or not, but not only did food take a long time, but we had plates brought to our table that were meant for another table. I also ordered a glass of the Tilia malbec, and I usually love malbecs, but I was unimpressed. I thought my husbands pino noir was a little off too, flat almost on the palatte. The sweet potato fries were pretty good-but they are cut very thin so they got cold very quickly. My experience at Zinburger was sort of lack luster I'm afraid to say. I wasn't greatly impressed. Even though the meal and drink service to our table took very long I have to commend our server for her great attitude. She kept a smile on her face while dealing with our large table (we had about 11 people) and was always running around doing something. She did her best to keep our water glasses filled and split the checks at the end of the evening. Without her good service I would have given only 2 stars.
4	we met some friends here last night. knowing this was a fox restaurant ensured that we were going to have great food and great service. luckily, they had already gotten a table because when we arrived, we heard there was an hour wait!the dining area is typical of fox...clean lines, open kitchen. and of his staff...extraordinarily friendly and helpful. they offered a few meatless selections, including a veggie burger and some great salads. i opted for a napa salad with almonds and ahi tuna. it took forever to come out, but when it did, it was super flavorful and tasty. add to that a side of sweet potato fries which tasted like sweet potatoes and not salt! what a wonderful concept!with such a large group, there was bound to be confusion come bill time. it took about 30 minutes for the group to figure out what to do, and all the while, our server never missed a beat and did whatever was helpful to the group. luckily, we paid on our own so we didn't have an issue, but she deserved a great tip. water glasses filled constantly. reasonable prices and another great experience at the fox enterprise.
5	This place was awesome! I had the Breakfast Burger & it was fantastic! The patty was tender, juicy & delicious and the toppings were fresh & flavorful. The service was fantastic; helpful & prompt! The hand-cut fries were great, too! We'll certainly be back!
4	Your milkshakes brings me back to your restaurant, and you're like, "Awesome, cool!"But seriously, whenever my wife and I go, it is always one milkshake, sweet potato or truffle fries, and an awesome burger.  I see people saying it is pricey and the burgers are ok.  On the other hand, there burgers are quality meat with toppings that shine bright like a diamond.  i really don't know why I said that, maybe adding to the milkshake theme I had going earlier, but in all honesty, there are various toppings to choose from that makes them different than any chain burger place.The location is great with the decor and ambience relaxing for a great date night in the Biltmore area.  I cannot complain about service, because it has always been top notch whenever we went.  You definitely pay what you get for being in the Biltmore area.  We will see you again you delicious milkshake and sweet potato fry!
4	The service, milk shake, and truffle fries bumped this from a 3.5 to 4 stars!The Ahi Tuna salad was so-so, but I really should have gone with a burger. Next time I am in town, I will stick with the burger. The truffle fries were YUMMERS in muh tummers! And I had the Chocolate Zin Bar shake (I think that is what it is called). Chocoholics only for this one! It is a chocoholic's dream! I could not finish because I went a little heavy with the fries. The bartender was amazing! She is friendly and really on top of it. This is also in a great part of town. The atmosphere is fun too. More casual than most of the other restaurants around which is what I was looking for.
5	I love this place.  I love their burgers.  I love their french fries, I love their zucchini fries.  Service is good each visit.  The employees here have a great attitude.
4	Just ate here for the first time, good burgers and the truffle fries are so good. Great service as well.
3	I'm so sad to give Zin Burger a 3 star but only because they totally misrepresented themselves at the Waste Management Open. :-/ 3 syllables and more to describe their Chicken Sandwich at the WM Open was dis-gust-ing!!!!! The chicken was burnt. The burger buns were blah. And it tasted like a $1.00 (max) sandwich. Not $9.00. So not worth it. This is not a regular menu item and neither was the rest of their menu choices there. It was cheap, disgusting garbage burgers - worse than fast food restaurants. In fact, McDonald's $1.00 spicy McChicken is 10 times better. Wish Zin Burger actually served their normal gourmet burgers there. On a positive side, I really do love their veggie burger, Kobe burger, ahi sandwich, zinburger, sweet potato fries and zucchini fries. Every time I go there the ingredients are fresh, the "meaty part" is not burnt, the burger is made perfect and the burger buns are fluffy. Gourmet burgers!!So if you never tried their place and tried it for the first time at the WM Open, trust me, it's def not the same!
4	I cannot get Zinburger's Truffle fries out of my mind.  Every burger I have tried here is delicious.  Service is quick and efficient, and I leave thinking about the next time I should allow myself to go back (if I could, I would go here every day).  The one thing is that it tends to get busy during lunch hours and on the weekends, so I would just keep that in mind when deciding to go.  I have just recently relocated to Los Angeles, and wish they would relocate with me.  Try this place out!
4	Great burger and served fast! Our waitress was super attentive. I had a Kobe burger and my husband had The Ringer. We got regular fries as well as the double truffle fries. This is our new go to for fast burgers! My only complaint was the hostess, rather than telling us our table was ready (we were sitting right next to her) they text us, and when they seated us my chair was wet and dirty, she huffed when I asked her to clean it and missed the big drops of water when she barely swiped the chair.
5	This place can do no wrong!!! Excellent every time we come here!!!! Possibly my fave place in Phoenix!!! ALWAYS GO WITH A BURGER!!!!
5	Come here every time I go to Phoenix. Great burgers after a few hours of shopping. Zin burger is my favorite!
4	Nice modern vibe in this place with indoor and outdoor seating.  My husband and I enjoyed Zinburger.  My hubby ordered the breakfast burger.  This burger had a fried egg, avocado,cheese and bacon on a toasted bun.  We loved it.  Very unusual and tasty.  I ordered one of the specials which was a Kale Caesar salad and I added some chicken.  The Caesar dressing was good without being overpowering.  To round out the meal I ordered a bud light on tap while my husband tried the kilt lifter ale which he highly recommends.  Service was very attentive and friendly.
3	Been here three times or so. I was really impressed by the veggie burger the first time I came and the farm salad the second time... But the third time I got the farm salad again and the portion was smaller (I got half size both times) and it just wasn't as good. I also ordered the zucchini fries, which I love but the portions were a lot smaller on my third trip, too... Also on this third trip, the chefs forgot to include avocado for my salad and two other people at my table. They also forgot the avocado on my first trip, too. So I guess watch out for the missing avocado. Hesitant to go back after a poor experience my third time... But the first two times were good....
2	I would love to give this spot a higher rating, however, the service was not there.Went in today with my wife. We both had Kobe burgers (Samburger and original Burger) with a side of sweet potato fries and lemonade. He says we get refills on all the available lemonades. Wife got an extra order of avocados. When the burger was brought out, no avocados. Server admitted that he had made a mistake. No biggy. Mine looked good, but it didn't taste that amazing. I had medium grilled.Then, he comes back after a few minutes and asks to refill the strawberry lemonade. Comes back a minute later: "Sorry, we only refill plain lemonades." Honestly, instead of looking like a cheapo, just get the refill of lemonade YOU had originally suggested. It costs you 5 cents. We're paying $16 dollars a burger and $3 for a drink. Save some face.Sweet potato fries were small and slightly burned.
3	Burgers, fries and sweet potato fries were good and we had good service. For the money you pay you get more bang for your buck at 5 Guys.
4	Great food and very family friendly.   The service was exceptional. Eric was the best!
2	Ok, so I didn't actually go and have a burger. This review is more a testament to their lacking service. The food was pretty good, once we actually GOT IT! My date and I each ordered a salad. It's a good thing we were both engrossed in conversation. If I had been there by myself waiting for my greens to come out, I probably would have gotten up and left. I would guestimate that it took a good 45 minutes for salad--stuff that doesn't even need to really be cooked---to come out to our table (Ok, I got the seared Ahi tuna salad, but come on, how much actual cooking time is involved??) And the sad thing was, it wasn't even THAT busy, so I don't understand why our order took so long. The wait was just ridiculous for what we ordered. I could understand if we ordered a rack of lamb (which is not on the menu), but salad? Come on! Somebody is really dropping the ball on the service there. I don't know who's in charge, but they really need to light a fire underneath their waitstaff.
4	Awesome service!!! We had the breakfast burger....and it was so good! My wife and I shared it with some fries. The fries were nothing special, and a little cold. Disappointed that they came out before the food. The zucchini stocks were ok, a little soggy. Yet, I came here for a good burger, and that I got!
4	Kobe burger was fantastic. Truffle fries where flavorful. I enjoyed my shake and wasn't disappointed by the service. Will return again and again for that burger!!!
4	Traveling from out of town and took the kids to this place.  Overall, we had a great experience here.  Keeping it from a 5 star is the price - just felt it was a little pricey for what we got but not totally unreasonable.  This is a chain that just opened  a location in ATL and we will return.Kobe burger was fantastic.  Truffle fries a little disappointing but not bad.  Service overall was really good - fast and friendly.  Bartender was totally swamped and a little grouchy but no big deal.We were staying at a hotel across the street and there is a great tunnel that goes to the Mall so you don't have to play Frogger with the traffic - bonus!Of all the restaurant choices in this Mall thought it was the best for a fairly quick meal with the kids.  There were lots of families with kids while we were there.
3	I loved the food, but got violently ill the next day after eating the Diablo Burger.  Will not return even though it was good tasting because of the fear of that sickness again.  The food was the only food I had eaten in two days, so it can only be the thing that caused the illness sadly enough.  I ordered the Diablo medium and probably should have gotten it well-done.  For two people, it is easy to spend $50.00+ on two shakes, two burgers, and one fry.
5	This place is awesome!  The service has always been excellent and the food comes very quickly.  The burgers are always cooked perfectly and love those sweet potato and truffle fries.  Blanco burger, Diablo burger and custom burgers are always great.  Farm salad is great as well.
3	This place definitely was really accommodating last minute on a Saturday night. There were about 16 of us that needed a place to eat and they were able to get us in within two hour's notice. When we got there our table was still kind of trickling in and the server was definitely behind. I got the nutella shake and it was pretty amazing. I also got the sloppy joe turkey burger. It wasn't anything amazing but I couldn't resist a sloppy joe. The rest of my party was a little disgruntled with the server not being able to understand the drinks that were being order. Either that or the bartender wasn't too competent. One friend ordered a prickly pear and it wasn't nearly one. He stuck with it because he just wanted to get some alchy in his system. Another friend order a Kentucky Mule and it was a little drawn out. Just substitute the Gin with Bourbon! It's pretty simple. Kudos to the server for keeping her cool despite her frustration with taking on a large table at the last minute.
4	If you want a good burger with a nice atmosphere, then this is the place for you.  Phoenix has tons of great burger spots, but this one is a gem.  Part of Fox restaurants you know it's going to be unique.  Burger of the week is always a nice pick, but even the classics are good.  Don't forget to grab you shake at the end of your meal.
4	I don't visit the Biltmore much so I was surprised to find there was a sit-down restaurant located there where you could grab a meal for around ten to fifteen bucks; albeit, the total bill came to close to fifty for 3 people. I had the Turkey Burger and totally loved it. It was big, juicy, and flavorful. Our waitress was great. She was helpful and welcoming. Our group sat outside during a really nice Sunday afternoon. I got the feel of Zinburger as being a really unpretentious place in an area with a reputation of being high-end. It's a great place to go for casual dining with friends in a really trendy spot. The menu is the fine dining versions of casual food. I would definitely recommend and would love to go back.
4	We went for our first time the other day for lunch. I really don't have a ton to say other than turkey burger was really good. Very flavorful. The truffle fries are amazing! The service is pretty good. The only complaint is if you sit on the patio beware of the flies. I have eaten outside alot at places but the flies here were out of control. I think the patio may be close to a trash area for the mall because it was really bad. With that said, eat inside because the food is worth it.
1	Craving burgers!  Arrived right before the rush on Friday lunch.  Two reg & one vegan burger & the truffle fries.  Burgers ordered pink please.  Both burgers sent back as it was so raw as inedible.  The vegan was cold.  The returns were no better.   The service slowed down to nothing.  Very disappointed.  Won't return.
4	Although it is located in a shopping center, the burgers and fries are worth the visit.  The restaurant has indoor and outdoor seating.  Good place to enjoy the cooler phx evenings while they last with a burger and specialty fries.
5	The burgers are cooked perfectly, toppings enhance the burger without overwhelming. The fried chicken sandwich is as good as I have ever had. The zucchini fries are lightly Breaded and fried just right, not greasy at all. The shakes are delicious as is the chocolate pie. The ambiance is loud enough so that a crying baby does not disturb others but quiet enough to have a table conversation. The service is 2nd to none.
3	When I have the opportunity to actually sit down in the dining room and eat a full meal, I will write more. However, the bartendars have continuously been really sweet and generous in their concoctions of the whiskey ginger I always order hehe
5	Anybody who gives this place less than 5 stars is crazy! They never disappoint here. Every visit is just as good as the last if not better.  I will love zinburger for life!
5	This place is amazing! The food is just wonderful. Whether you order one of their many burgers, a salad, or an apetizer, it never disappints me! Great zuchini fries to try ! Cool place to try a new date spot and then walk around the biltmore area.
3	Finally tried this place after hearing all the rave reviews. Ambiance feels like the chain that it is. There are certain nice touches like the bar but really generic. Service was great. Even though there was a 45 minute wait, the staff was so sweet and friendly that it didn't feel like it at all. I ordered the house zinburger and truffle fries. For my first burger, I wanted to try the original. Overall I felt the meat was good quality and you could taste the difference. It was juicy and done perfectly medium. But I have to say that the rest of the burger was uninteresting. The buns were fine, at times a bit dry. The garlic aioli was mild in flavor. I was disappointed. The truffle fries were good but honestly fries aren't all that difficult. Anything fried will taste pretty bomb and add truffle is a easy win. Overall, didn't get swept up in the hype. Would go back and try something different.
5	the best of everything,  great place, great staff, great food.
4	This was my third visit to this establishment...always a pleasant experience. This day, unlike the other two visits where I ordered a salad,  I ordered the Samburger (medium well) with blue cheese.  Oh my goodness!!!  That burger was soooo good it made my toes curl. Generally, I'm not a beef eater, but every once in a while I crave a burger. Today was that day. I could not have chosen a better spot. I went around 4ish, it wasn't busy, so I got a lot of attention from the bar staff. :-) I like the indoor/outdoor bar. There is outside seating as well.All of the staff was great. The facility was clean; and very trendy. Four stars because I asked for no 1000 Island on my burger, but mustard and ketchup instead. The burger came with blue cheese, the bacon, burger, and the bun. I didn't complain, simply asked for ketchup and mustard and I added it to the burger. I will be back! :-)
5	Seriously, anyone who can give this place less than 5 stars you're either 1.) Only rating the "ambiance" not the food 2.) Don't appreciate a great quality burger or 3.) Ordering a damn salad and complaining about it not being top notch at a place that specializes in burgers. This place is hands down mouthwatering! I've alternated between both their regular beef patties and the Kobe beef. There isn't a huge difference but the Kobe beef is definitely juicier! What's great is that their toppings are always fresh. So you'll never get a soggy burger. But it might get messy. That's usually how you know you're eating a great burger though! And their fries? Excellent! You cannot go wrong with getting the double truffle fries or even better? Their loaded fries! These fries are smothered with hot melted white cheddar cheese, sour cream that's lightly drizzled on top, small bits of diced scallions, and topped off with bacon! And I can't leave out the customer service. My boyfriend and I have actually become regulars here and it's always a nice touch when they warmly greet is back and remember us. Staff here is definitely friendly! If this review isn't enough to make you stop by and try this place out, then you'll definitely be missing out!
3	Been here many times.....good but I felt like their burger was a little bland.  Needs more zing options.
4	Last year, when faced with a week of no solid foods before AND after renal surgery, Dude asked me what/where I wanted to eat the Saturday before.  One place came to mind. Zinburger! When you've got a week of chicken broth, water, Jell-O and Morphine to look forward to: Who in their right mind would turn up their nose to gourmet burgers, decadent and creative milkshakes and craveable sides?!Over the last year and a half, we've gone 4-5 times. Friendly customer service every visit, and worth the wait time.We've tried the Double Truffle Fries with Garlic Aioli, Onion Rings, Sweet Potato and Zucchini fries ... All delicious; however, the Double Truffle Fries are the winner here.You can replace any patty with Kobe Beef or Turkey; they will also lettuce wrap them for all you Paleonerds and Low Carb Kids. My favorites have been: 1) Turkey Burger: These guys do it right. Not your typical Jenni-O boring patties. 2) The Samburger: Cheese, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Thousand Island with the obligatory lettuce, tomato and onion. I'd drive 30 minutes out here JUST for that Creme Brulee Shake. Wish the Butterfinger one was a permanent menu option, not just another "Shake of the Month"! Highly recommend sharing them. They are huge. Hit up Zinburger to indulge any burger / "sin food" craving. And wear your fat pants. I know I'll be back ... Again and again!
4	came her on saturday night around 9pm and the place was not packed which is a define plus especially after working a full day at the phoenix comic con, the last thing i want to do is wait for a table.  Got seated immediate by our server, she was extremely nice and provided great recommendations.I ordered the el diablo burger, the nutella milk shake and the truffle fries. The fries were good but a little soggy, not sure if it was the truffle oil that made it soggy.  Nutella milk shake had a good mix of chocolate, hazelnut and toffee flavor, only suggestion would be that they provide a bigger straw becuase the toffee bits clog up the thin straws.  Ordered my burger medium, came out nice and hot and cooked perfectly.  Probably could have had a second burger but didnt want to be a pig.
5	the best food.  the server that is great is justin, and the manager barry(female)  try the coffee latte shake and ask for hagan dazs coffee ice cream to make it with, the place is amazing.  not for kids.
2	Another Fox restaurant that is extremely overrated.The burgers are decent, nothing too excellent or unique about them.  I think they're pretty greasy because I was nauseous after half a burger.  I tried the Zinburger and Diablo.  The truffle fries are ok but limp.  The aoli that comes with it isn't very well matched to it.  The sweet potato fries were ok but also a bit undercooked.Not a fan, no need to go back.
3	Good shakes.  Service was very friendly, but not very attentive.  Medium rare showed no signs of the medium, but lots of rare.
4	I was in Phoenix for a week on business, and decided to try it out.  The Zinburger was  excellent!  I'd rank it in my top ten burgers, but to be perfectly honest, it was overshadowed by the Bloody Bacon!  A perfect bloody mary, made with bacon infused vodka, and with a perfect bacon beacon sticking out the top?  Come on!  How can you go wrong?  I've been craving another one for the last month...  Is it nuts to go 2000 miles for a drink?
5	Zinburger is really cute and located in a nice shopping mall. The burgers were all super delicious and the fries were really good too. The truffle fries were really good and the nutella milkshake was amazing! Tasted like liquid nutella yummmsss. The servers were also very attentive and the food came out very quickly. I will definitely be returning!
5	I loved Zinburger! I had a Turkey Sloppy Joe and my table shared the truffle fries! Everything was so good and I plan to go back!
4	Really good burger joint. Cool atmosphere and burgers are delicious!! Only complaint is that the patty to meat ratio is too little. Haha. Less bread please! But definitely coming back. Get the Kobe beef burger.
5	Loved it!! I got the zinburger and a side of zucchini fries. I ordered my burger medium, and it turned out juicy and flavorful! Everything about it was great- the size, the onions, the cheese, the bun-- it was one of the best burgers I've ever eaten. The zucchini fries were just as amazing with a well seasoned crust and parmesan! Even my boyfriend loved them and he hates vegetables! Between the two of us (2 burgers, side of zucchini fries, and 2 drinks) it came out to be about $40. And the price was definitely worth it. Would recommend!
4	Well it's another weekend and another Sam Fox Concept restaurant to try.  Life is so boring here in the Valley.  LOLThere have been quite a few "premium priced" burger places popping up lately.  So, in many ways Zinburger's only competition in this category has been Hopdoddy. Both are upscale $10 plus burger places, that have interesting choices of tastes, add-ons, buns, etcetera. The food at Zinburger is very good. It's served fast and you won't feel like your wallet took a major hit. Our bill came to $33.00 before taxes and gratuities, which is expensive when only compared to the "In 'n Out" and "Habit Burger" of the world. But for us, it's the Zinburger's taste which we feel is unique and worthy of their premium price that makes us want to come back and we will. We tried their Kobe Burger ($15.00), Sam Burger ($11.00) and Zucchini fries ($7.00) and blown away the experience. The Sam had applewood smoked bacon, cheese and 1000 island dressing, which all worked well together. But the star was the Kobe, which is served simply with cheddar cheese, mushrooms and mayonnaise.  You have to try it, it's delicious. Really!Enjoy!
5	It might sound strange that I am a vegetarian and yet this is one of my favorite restaurants-- that is how much I love their Farm salad! It has the freshest ingredients! I also LOVE their veggie burger-- one of the best veggie burgers I've had. Even though I am a vegetarian, I usually dine with meat lovers and everyone I've ever gone here with has loved their meal.  When going with a group, it is also fun to share a few of their different types of fries-- sweet potato, truffle, zucchini, etc.  Also, their salted caramel shake is perhaps my favorite dessert of all time!  Whether you are vegetarian or a meat-lover, you will love this place.
4	Went there on Wednesday night about 5:45. My boyfriend and I were seated right away and had a great waiter named Justin. He was very friendly, helpful and courteous as a waiter should be. I had the build your own angus burger wrapped in lettuce with bacon, mushrooms and Havarti and it was served very fast. A little messy that way but the lettuce was firm and crisp so it worked perfectly for my low carb diet and was delicious. Although we did have the zucchini fries, zucchini is low carb, right? :)  Anyway they were hot and crisp and the sauce was very tasty. My boyfriend had a regular Zinburger and he said very good and it was cooked perfectly how he asked, that does not always happen at other places. The atmosphere was not overdone for being at Biltmore nor was it too noisy. Did not try the shakes because with my food I was pleasantly full. Maybe next time.
5	Food was delicious for my first time here! The wait for seating wasn't long nor for the time to make our food. Sure the greasy burger soaked the bottom bun but that's how you know its good (p:
2	The staff are friendly, the theme is modern and clean, and the ingredients are top notch.  However, their food just has no flavor almost like they left it all out as to not upset anyone's taste buds.  If you require sustenance but don't actually enjoy eating food then their menu will be a big hit for you.  But, if you eat for reasons other than that I wouldn't come here.Oh...weird but true, the soap in their bathrooms has by far the most vial smell of any soap I've ever encountered.  Just washing my hands with it ruined my appetite.
1	Zinburger has really gone down hill. We used to love their burgers and amazing service. The last 2 times we have gone the service has been horrible. Rude servers with no attention to detail. They're more concerned with talking to other servers ... Laughing and joking around. Drink refills seem to be non-existent. Plus the food seems to be losing the quality it used to have.  The fries were soft and wiggly. The burgers not cooked to the requested temp. Too many chances and now we're done with this place.
5	I don't really get why this place doesn't have 5-stars across the board.I have NEVER been disappointed here, and I've eaten many dozens of times (don't want to count). The best burger I've ever had, coupled with amazing service. I suppose it could be cheaper, but you're paying for quality, location, and atmosphere. I wish I didn't like it so much, because I like to try new places. But Sam Fox does restaurants too well, especially this one, which just never disappoints.Best and most consistent service I've ever had. Also, I hate vegetarian reviews of a burger restaurant. Come on, seriously?
5	This place was great! Staff was friendly without being too overbearing! I had a group of 25 people, I did make a reservation about a week or so in advance. With no trouble whatsoever. We arrived about 15 min early than our scheduled reservation (which was for 6:30pm) and the restaurant accidentally double booked the reso. Which wasn't a big deal for us at all. We were a large group and it happens, but they did a GREAT job getting us sat and everyone had water by 6:31! They did a great job. I don't think I can stress that enough. The wait staff was friendly and promt without being overbearing. They joked around with us and made the experience that much more memorable. Barry, who I'm assuming was the manager was great as well! I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone. It was great. Not to mention the food, beer and shakes were delicious too!
5	5 Stars5 Stars5 StarsIf you haven't been here, get here as soon as possible. Every single piece of this place is outstanding. The food, the service, the ambiance, and even the wine list! If you have been here, come again and bring someone who has not. They will thank you, maybe even ask you to marry them.
5	Good happy hour. Get your burger medium well otherwise it will be too greasy. Which is not necessarily a bad thing! The buns they use are really tasty too. Make sure to get some fries.  All of them are very good, my favorite are the truffle fries. And banana cream pie is very good, and I usually don't pick banana as my favorite in desserts. But get there early, they run out of seating very fast! I like to sit out at the patio, there's a fire pit out there or misters. Also is quite on the patio. Can't wait to go back!!!
3	Always loved Zinburger however, just recently went and the food didn't taste the same. Service was great as usual but our burgers were dry and tasteless. I always get the Zinburger and was disappointed.
5	One of the best spots in Phoenix to just chill, have a nice drink, some great apps, and amazing burgers.
3	I've lost that loving feeling...sorry Zinburger won't be seeing you anytime soon again.Ordered a kale Caesar with chicken and there was barely any chicken! It was shaved chicken that was not worth adding to the salad for more $My dining companion said the burger was cold.Much better food at Delux. Bummer.
4	The loaded cheese fries and onion rings are to die for. As the waiter gave refills of "iced tea" to my friend there was no "ice" Food was really good. Drink refills slow. Only second visit. Our first visit was better we will try it again.
5	Seriously....How is this place never on azcentrals top ten burger lists.  This place hand makes everything there and it shows in taste and quality.  seriously one of the best burgers I have ever had!  I laughed when I recently seen one of the wine burger establishments on azcentrals top ten list because friends and I tried it out and they sucked!  I think zinburger should be on that list.  Our fav picks are the Sam burger and the Kobe burger with sweet potato fries!  Heavenly!  Also they now have a new location in north Scottsdale so looking forward to trying 2nd location.
5	Zinburger is one of those places you have to go to when you are in Phoenix.  The restaurant is right off Camelback across from the Ritz Carlton in the Phoenix financial district (i.e. great location).The food here is ZINTABULOUS.   My wife and I had the Chicken lettuce burger with Franks Hot Sauce!  Aw yeah, that is awesome!  We also had a burger that was phenomballs and sampled the fried zucchini (which was also absolutely delicious) and threw in the Chili fries just to sample - BWOZA, another winner!!We took part in the happy hour (before 6 p.m.) which offered some killer pricing and selection, and watched a ball game on tv overlooking the city scene in the background.The only thing better than the food was the service.  The waitresses and hostesses are so friendly and personable that you feel like you don't want to leave!!!  That is how you do it.  Zinburger is a great place with a great vibe and this is one of my Phoenix Fav's.Get the chicken sandwich with Franks Hot Sauce and tell em Attorney Steve sent you!PS.  Our waitress was Kira, ask for her.....she is simply the best!- Attorney Steve -http://www.attorneysteve.net
4	Came here for a lunch study break, and it was so good that I totally forgot I was studying! Just keeding. Really though I when I ordered my breakfast burger I have to admit I was expecting the usual greasy/salty burger, but to my pleasant surprise it was cooked perfectly and not overly salty or greasy. Overall the burger had a very nice balance of meat to egg to cheese to bacon. What more can I hungry guy ask for? The truffle fries were very tasty as well and a good portion for 2 people to share. I will definitely be back here soon to try out the other tasty looking burgers. And also, for a Thursday at 11am, this place really filled up quickly...do people not have work??
4	The burgers were delicious. We got the Zinburger, the Diablo burger, and a plain and simple burger. The fries are also delicious, good service.
5	Have the buffalo chicken burger and it was awesome. Love their shakes. I don't typically order shake but they have a great selection and I have the butterfingers last night . It's a must when I come to Phoenix
3	A bit closer to 2.5 stars but my server was super friendly so that is why it's a 3.I was craving a burger and had seen this place mentioned a few times being named as one of the "Best Burgers in Phoenix".   I decided to come down and check it out.  Pay parking which you can get validated.  They use plastic tokens...reminded me of a small poker chip.  Anyways..........walked inside and was seated against the wall.  My server came over and asked me if it was my first time here etc.  She went over the whole drill.  I decided to order the Zinburger (minus mayo), an order of fresh cut fries and a Diet Pepsi to drink.  Here is how everything tasted.................Zinburger-  ($10.50)  This is a ground beef patty (I'm assuming 1/3 lb...it was a good sized patty) topped with manchengo cheese, zinfandel braised onions, and lettuce.  I ordered mine medium and it came out perfect.  It was presented nicely but it was lacking greatness.  I took a bite of the meat itself and it tasted really great...like steak!  The cheese was melted on top of the burger and the onions were layered nicely on top of the cheese.  It came on a soft "fancy" bun.  Each item itself was great...when combined though, it left something to be desired.  All I could really taste was bread and onions.  The meat/burger was not the star of the show.  The lettuce addition was a little weird too.  It probably would have been better without.  It was a decent enough burger but for a "fancy" higher end burger joint, I expected more.  It ain't cheap either!  Hand Cut Fries-  ($5.00)  These things were actually really good.  They give you a nice sized mound of them.  They were hot and crispy and delicious.  They needed just a bit more salt, but other than that, they were really good.  Better/more memorable than the burger.Diet Pepsi- Is what it is.Why only 2.5/3 stars?  For a burger, fries and drink, it was $19.98...that is before tip!  I will never ever ever ever ever ever pay $25.00 to come back here for simple comfort food.  It's just way too expensive for what you get!   The staff was all pretty friendly, the layout is cool (kind of a hipster vibe), and they validate parking for up to 2 hours.  I am glad I came to check it out, but sadly I will not be returning...the value is just not there.  Once I hit that lotto and move to Scottsdale, then we can come here often lol.
2	The food was good but way overpriced. Front desk girls were polite but a phony polite like robots repeating what they were told to say. 25 dollars not including tip for a hamburger fries and a drink NOT including tip. You got to be kidding. My experience felt like they were trying to market and package the emperor's new clothes and expect me to buy into it. Be real
5	This place has turned out to be one of our favorite family restaurants.  I never thought a $15 Kobe burger would taste so sweet and juicy, not to mention the $15 fox block nine wine is the perfect compliment to my burger.One time the hostess wasn't sure if she could get us a booth, as requested, but soon after we were able to sit down where we requested.  I have witnessed the manager (nick named by us the lady in the green dress) play cut the pickle with my 4 year old little boy.I highly recommend this place for you and your family, out special day at Zinburger is every Sunday
2	I have heard a lot about this place so i decided to try it.1. The girls that greet you seemed a bit snooty2. The hamburgers were cooked properly but absolutely no flavor .. just very plain 3. And way way over priced ..
4	Wow.  The shakes and zucchini fries were absolutely amazing!Unfortunately my date and I were a bit underwhelmed by the burgers.  I got the Breakfast Burger and she got the Turkey Burger.  Good, but not excellent.We look forward to returning, even for just the shakes and zucchini fries!Enjoy!
4	I do love to rip Sam Fox places, because I think his approach to restauranting is "MAKE DA MONEY, WHO CARES BOUT DA FOOD!"...usually. But I have to say, Zinburger at the Biltmore is deserving of its 4-star Yelp rating; which is to say it's a pretty solid place for a quick bite or maybe even a good meal. Been here a few times and the first visit was less-than-stellar, with an unprofessional waitress, cold fries and in-general blah feeling about my time and $40 for two lunch.However, as of late, it seems the Zin is looking to Win. Had a very nice dinner with a friend here recently and the service was pretty good, the water-refill-girls were on-point, and the food was actually good.......and tasted fresh. Had a salad and I kid you not, the ingredients had the texture and taste of farmer's market quality.Had their burgers in the past, and pretty decent. On-par with Delux down the street I would say. Fries...meh, not Zinburger's strong suit. But DAMN, hoss, it's an S Fox joint so you KNOW the wine/liquor list be KICKIN! Booze. It's how this chain makes its $$$.If you've been to the Biltmore you know parking is a breeze. The grounds are clean, and the location is central. It's almost comical how bad restaurants can exist in such a class environment. But Blanco next store is gra-oss; and the "Asian Fusion" place that **used to be** in the Blanco space was hideous. Whatevs, anyway Ziburger is a solid corner lunch and dinner spot. Tables are adequately spaced apart and the noise level, while healthy, is not obnoxious...impressive considering there is a sizable bar in the center of the space.Zinburger. Pretty OK. For a Fox spot, that's a victory.
5	I just ate here for the first time today and had a wonderful experience. Everything from the young lady who sat us. To the man that served us his name is Marcus and he was really helpful with explaining the menu and letting me know what my options were. I ordered the California burger with bacon, medium well, and it came out quickly and it was delicious. I highly recommend this place. Very accommodation and the staff is friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. I will most defiantly be coming back and bringing friends.
2	Pros-good food, good atmosphere Cons-it takes an hour + to get your food, the service is very very slow. My dad's burger came out cold although the rest of the dinner parties seemed to be ok. When we were waiting for our table we noticed several un-cleaned tables that we could've been sitting at if they would have cleaned them off. The food is very good, but dannnnnggg it's just soooooooo slow! It's too bad really. Not sure if we'll be back again.
5	Staying at Biltmore for business and decided to check this place out since was nearby and menu looked great. Absolutely fabulous! Started with Zucchini fries and Loaded Fries and both were very good. Next on to the burgers, all 3 in my party were big fans of the burgers, especially the bread. Burger was cooked perfect medium rare. Great food but the service was even better! Sammie (sp?) came over to our table with a big smile and clearly happy to be there which made me happier to be there! She made some recommendations and was pleasant to talk to! Great job and thank you for being you! The manager was super nice and stopped at our table and thanked us for coming in. I would def tell others about this place, the service and the food! Thank you!
4	LOOOOONG wait time to get seated, but excellent food. The service was also excellent with the waitress checking back frequently to make sure we had everything we wanted and to ask if the food tasted alright.
5	Excellent service. They were super busy at the bar and still got all of our drinks and meals out in a timely manner. They were even able to accommodate a last second order change. Great food, drinks, and best service I've seen in the area.
5	Stopped in for lunch again today.  Hostess staff  - so friendly.Food is outstanding.  No joke.Service is dyn-o-mite. Very reasonable lunch for the Bilty area.Additionally, you should know every Scottsdale Culinary Fest in the spring for the past 3-4 years has had a "Burger Battle" at Scottsdale's Giant's Stadium on Thursday night where local restaurants grill and distribute burgers to beef connoisseurs like me. Best event of the year (beer's included in the ticket price).Well, these guys are 2014 People's Choice Award Winners, for good reason.  The trophy does the talking, so let your mouth do the tasting.
5	I absolutely loved this place! Sitting outdoors in the Biltmore area is a great atmosphere, service was fantastic, and food was spectacular. I had a burger and truffle fries. The truffle fries are a must to try for everyone! It's pricier than somewhere like Applebee's but lower than other fox restaurants. Burgers do not come with a side, but they have several options of fries and appetizers.
4	Exceptional, gourmet burger.  I had the "zin burger", truffle fries, and nutella milkshake (for dessert).  Everything was fresh and decadent.  The decor is akin to farmer/modern/minimalist.  We had a great server, who was fast and friendly.  The only miss for me was my cocktail.  I order their pomegranate moscow mule and really all I could taste was the ginger beer.  So next time I'll just stick to a diet coke :)
5	Zin Burger is one of my favorite places to eat at in Arizona. Great drinks, great survive, and great clean atmosphere. A Sam Fox restaurant that is truly an original. I had a watermelon mojito (very big and strong) and a chicken kale Caesar salad, both amazing. My server, Kaeli was so sweet. Highly recommend this place
4	I had the Kobe Burger, my lady had the El Diablo Burger, shared some loaded fries and a Banana Royale Shake. The food was delicious but the Kobe burger was a little pricey. The shake was one of the best I've had. I would recommend this place.
4	Very good burger. The fries were awesome. The place had a good vibe....maybe a little loud. Price is right.
3	I came here with high expectations because I am a huge fan of all the Fox restaurants. I ordered the Blanco burger which has guac, garlic mayo, and pico de gallo. As an avid avocado lover, I found this burger to just be okay. It was not very flavorful and nothing too special. The sweet potato fries were great and the service was exceptional. Overall, forgettable experience and would rather have gone to a different Fox restaurant instead. Glad I tried, but in no rush to go back.
3	We came here for dinner and sat in the bar area. I ordered the onion rings for an appetizer and they were pretty good but nothing special. For my entree, I ordered the Kobe Burger cooked medium rare with a side of Truffle Fries. The burger was decent but a little over cooked and the bun was also too soggy. Overall, the burger tasted pretty good but I was expecting a little more special. I enjoyed the Truffle Fries. The service was great and everyone in the restaurant was nice.
4	First experience with zinburger.i am happy after eating at this place.because The bread and butter was so good, we kept on asking for more.The cocktails were amazing. Really. Amazingly good. & also good atmosphere.
3	This is a review that I have been putting off doing for a while. My wife and I visited a little while back. The customer service was good, the decor was okay, but the burgers just didn't wow me. The waiter was nice and there wasn't really a wait. It looks fresh and modern on the inside and there was ample seating. I ordered the El Diablo burger medium rare. It came out a little too close to well for my personal tastes, and it wasn't spicy. That was pretty much all I was really expecting from the burger. Medium rare and spicy, lol. It wasn't a bad burger, it just did not live up to my expectations. All in all this is a 3 -star place in my book, just A-OK. Not bad, not great.
5	Extremely allergy friendly. Great food, drinks and service. One of my favorite places for gluten-free / Celiac disease.
5	5 stars in my book! I came back and brought my mom..which means big things ;). They have my fave Zin- Manifesto,that plus their Zinburger..can't be beat. Especially before a movie across the street or some shopping in the Biltmore. See server-Marcus- he'll make sure you're taken care of. Thank you!
