5	This place is so delicious!! Same taste and quality as the other Grimaldi's I have been to before so you can know what to expect if you are a veteran. Grimaldi's is my absolute favorite pizza in the world. Thin crust, fresh ingredients, real mozzarella, mmmmmmmmmmmm.  I highly recommend - do it!
5	Opening night for their new location at the Shoppes at the Palazzo! Grimaldi's literally rolled out the red carpet and gave us 5 star service. I got to sample a variety of pizza, salads and delicious cannoli. The staff loves working here, and it shows! I've had the white pizza at Griamldi's other locations, and it didn't disappoint here. The decor is authentic (love the wine bottle chandeliers) and the restaurant space and front bar are cozy. The bartenders showed their skill when making me an awesome Manhattan!Bonus- you can access Grimaldi's from one of the Palazzo's Strip-side staircases.
3	The thing about high expectations is that they're often difficult-if not impossible-to meet.  I enjoyed the sun dried tomato pizza and the bartender was very friendly and helpful, but somehow I left unfulfilled...I'd probably spent just one day too many in Vegas!I will definitely return with more grounded expectations and, if you're looking for a good, thin crust pizza on the Strip that's somewhat reasonably priced, you won't go wrong here.
4	We stopped by for lunch after smelling the pizza the day before while walking by. It surely did not disappoint. We were greeted and seated promptly. Our waitor was very freindly and we took his suggestion of trying the pepporoni pizza and we also had a house salad, which was huge! The manager came to our table to apologize for the wait and told us the pizza was a little burned on bottom and they were remaking the pizza and he offered us a free desert. Which the cheesecake was delicious. When our pizza arrived it did not disappoint and was delicious. we appreciate that they take pride in making quality food. Definately will be back soon. The following day we were walking by again and they were outside giving samples and it made us want to go in and eat another pie. If you stay at the Palazzo or Venetian make sure to go over and have a delicious pie.
5	In reading up on this place prior to going, I read that they actually hired a scientist that analyzed the water and they now make their pizzas with the same type of water as in Brooklyn.  And then we are talking to the young lady that seated us and she tells me that they change the coal in the oven twice a day.   How much more authentic and how much more can you care about your customers than that?Absolutely outstanding place.  Loved their location (Palazzo Shoppes, LV Blvd. entrance), decor (light fixtures made from wine bottles), ambience, service and, most of all, their pizza. You walk in, are pleasantly welcomed and taken down a long hallway, passing smaller tables of patrons, to the main dining area. Ordered a small pizza with ricotta, sun-dried tomatoes and artichokes.  SOOO good!!  In fact, I love this place so much more than the Brooklyn location, though there is something to be said for standing on the sidewalk waiting to get in at the original.  And I thought the pizza was just better. Mabel was just a very pleasant, smiling and attentive waitress and was very patient with my wife's undecisiveness.You can actually stand there and watch them make the pizza and shove it into the brick oven with their long pizza paddles, all burned and crusted.  Quite cool.We also ordered a small dinner salad (that wasn't so small) with a dressing that was excellent.We topped it all off with a superb Tiramisu.  Dang, that thing was good!The only other pizza that I believe we like just as much or more is from Bottega Louie in downtown Los Angeles.  Either way, you can't go wrong.If there was only one thing I didn't care for, was the price of the toppings. Four bucks each to add the artichokes and sun-dried tomatoes.BTW, they didn't take reservations for only two, so they told us to just walk right up and check in.  We got there around 6:30pm, perfect timing.I shall be back.  Vegas, baby!!!
4	We visited Las Vegas in August and happened into Grimaldi's for the first time.  We were impressed with everything!  The food and service were the best we've had in Las Vegas in a long time (in a casual setting).  The staff was genuinely welcoming and engaged, and the general manager, Fred, even came over to our table when we had a question with the wine.  The pizza and salads were so good that we ate at the restaurant a second time before we left town.  We really appreciated having a good meal late -- many of the nice restaurants don't serve after 11 pm on the weekends, and we didn't even pop in until about that time.  This restaurant is on our short list for next time we visit Vegas in October.  Great job, guys!
4	Just returned from a trip to Palazzo in Vegas, so decided to try the newest Grimaldi's.The food is delicious, consistent, and large portions, even when ordering the small sizes. My husband is crazy about Grimaldi's, and was impressed by this location. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because service was slow, and the restaurant was not busy, but had lots of employees.
5	My husband and I were wandering around Palazzo's shopping area looking for somewhere not too expensive to eat for lunch. Grimaldi's was hidden in a back corner and we almost missed it but the pizza smelled really good and I'm glad we stopped! We split a Caesar salad and a small pizza and it was plenty! The service was very attentive for any restaurant let alone a mall restaurant and faster than I expected for pizza. The salad was dressed perfectly. Honestly: it was awesome! After 2 days in Vegas it was exactly what I needed. Green, big, lemony, lots of parmesan, and crunchy. The pizza was made exactly how we ordered it. We loved the thin, chewy crust. I don't feel like it was burned at all. It held the toppings well. Fresh mushrooms, salty kalamata olives, spicy pepperoni, fresh-tasting cheese, sauce that wasn't from a can, and subtle Italian spices makes for a perfect pizza in my opinion. If we stay in the northern Strip area again next time we come I plan on eating here again!
4	Get a pie (pizza) with meatball, pepperoni and ricotta. It's awesome. The antipasto was great as well. Friendly staff and nice location inside the Palazzo.No major complaints here.
4	If you're staying at the Palazzo, a late night to-go order of Grimaldi's is a must. They close at 2am though, so get it before it's too late. I cannot tell you how many people stopped me on my way back to the room demanding to know where I got the delicious-smelling pizza and if it's too late to get one themselves. Alas poor sirs and madams,YES it was too late for them because Grimaldi's had just closed.  Don't make the same mistake and consider making the long trek down to Secret Pizza at the Cosmo in desperate pizza envy. Call in your Grimaldi's order because it takes 20 minutes to bake in their brick oven. The thin new-york style crust is just chewy and crispy enough. The toppings are fresh & delicious. The service was friendly and fast. I can't make a single complaint.Comparison to the original Grimaldi's in NY:It doesn't quite live up to the high standards of the original but still delicious nevertheless. If you go with realistic expectations, you won't be disappointed.Large pizza = $16Each topping = +$2Special toppings = +$4 (i.e. artichokes)Total for a sausage, mushroom & onion pizza: ~$23 (including tax)
4	Keeping this Review Short, Sweet and to the Point:This is the Best NY style Pizza I have ever had...in Las Vegas.
4	Grimaldi's makes a really nice NY-style pizza. The service was friendly and we enjoyed our two personal pies. However, I live in the Northeast and would rate Frank Pepe Pizza (of CT) higher than Grimaldi's when it comes to coal oven pizza. If you're in the Palazzo and want a delicious pizza that won't break the bank, I recommend this place.
4	I'm going to say it and I say it proudly... Grimaldi's pizza is the best pizza I've ever had up till now... it's ruined other pizza for me.  Staying at the Palazzo I noticed the advertisement billboard for it in the elevator lobby and didn't think much of it until we had our family over the hotel visiting and instead of eating out we decided to order to go and eat in our Bella Suite.  I have no idea what the pizzeria looks like and really don't care because on taste alone, it can be cooked on a cookie sheet and a lighter as long as it tasted that good.  I couldn't place what kind of cheese was used but I think it was manchego cheese along with the pepperoni and oh the spice, the spices just made for the best slice of pizza I've ever had.   I can't wait to return to Vegas just to have the pizza, this time I will eat at the pizzeria.
4	Nice quiet spot in a corner of the Palazzo that served well for a group meal with colleagues. Decor is tasteful (upscale warehouse style) and relaxed for an overall casual dining experience. The menu is focused on their pizzas and service was exceptional.  Good bar with plenty of beer on tap.  It's also an affordable option considering the strip pricing. Tip from our server:  crust is thin.   Order fewer than 4 toppings to prevent it from being soggy.  Worked!
5	The husband and I stumbled onto Grimaldi's on our last trip to Vegas. It was so amazing that we ended up eating there twice during our trip (first at Fashion Show Mall, then at the Palazzo). Grimaldi's has the best pizza I've ever eaten. The ingredients are top-notch. Fresh mozzarella, house-made sauce, delicious roasted red peppers. They make a decent ceasar salad as well (a small easily feeds 2 people, as an appetizer to a pizza). Great cannolis. The location was super quiet when we were there (early dinnertime). At the back of the ultra-upscale Shops at the Palazzo, I'm guessing that this pizza joint isn't often busy. But the location is very nice and the restaurant's interior is new and casual, but still classy.If you're in Vegas and looking for pizza, you MUST go to Grimaldi's.
4	Stopped in here late after a show.   For 20.00 each we had 3 small pizzas with toppings, 2 soda's, a beer and a glass of wine!  And it was not crowded at all.   The line for the original is around the block in Brooklyn and we had wait but it was just as good.    and a 4.00 glass of wine??   Unheard of in Vegas!  Would go back but try some others out first.  NY is closer for me but i do like no wait!
5	Taste's like authentic NY pizza with that crispy yummy crust.  Loved the fresh mozzarella.  I've never had a pizza with that type of Mozz.  We got the large pie with pepperoni, garlic and mushrooms.  It was delicious!  Had some the next day and it was still very tasty.  A great place to eat pizza in vegas.
5	Love it.  Great Place, nice Location.  Maybe a happy Hour Would be Great. ;-) Manager i forgot his Name greated & seated us immediatly & was so nice. Explained everything.  Out waiter Ron or Ross??? I think Ross was nice & attentiveFood : we ordered Pizza & mushrooms. It was excellent Salat was Great TooSizes are huge & Perfect to Share. Will  be back soon.
4	This is a great addition to the restuarants at the Palazzo. Feels and tastes like NY pizza. They have a good wine list, the salads and antipastos are good. The pizza is good too. Maybe I'm missing the new york water lol. Try the pesto pizza with sun dried tomatoes and the white pizza with ricotta.
4	Very good coal-fired brick oven pizza.  But it taste better at the Grimaldi's in NY.  Maybe its the water.
4	Great pizza, no doubt. Caprese Salad was probably my favorite. For some reason, they wanted to keep me out of the main restaurant area, even though it was basically empty: "Would you like to sit at the bar, the patio, out here in the hall"... really weird, I know I need a haircut, but come on! A little expensive for a personal pizza ($15) but I'd do it again.
5	I got a large mozarella, ricotta, meatballs and sauce. I ate all of it. it was awesome. Can't wait to try the original NY one.
4	I am really sad there is not a Grimaldi's closer to me in San Francisco, their pizza is delicious.There are 2 locations in Las Vegas, I have been to both, I prefer this location to the location in the mall. It has a much nicer atmosphere.Pizza's are reasonably priced and very filling. Next I need to visit the Brooklyn location and see if it lives up to the orginal. Aparently they ship lots of things in to make the Pizza as authentic as possible.An added bonus, register on their website for a FREE pizza on your birthday.
4	There's two locations on the Strip in Vegas; this one is much more intimate. We were there in August 2012 and that time, it had only been opened a few weeks. It was quiet and the staff was incredibly attentive. We took a seat out front which was nice and had a view of the bar.Their pizzas are absolutely amazing. They make sure to make them as close to the original in Brooklyn as possible. They built the same type of oven and even ship in NYC water for authenticity. Duly noticed! I haven't been to the Brooklyn version, but this was fantastic and the best I may have ever had outside of NY. Also, sign up for their email club, they'll give you a free pizza on your birthday! I got mine because I was in Vegas for mine! So awesome!I will be back!
5	Amazing brick oven pizza. I ordered chicken, sausage and mushrooms.
4	Great pizza and house salad.  Small house salad is big enough for 3 or 4 people to share.  We ate here twice in Vegas, both times at the Palazzo.
5	The pizza is exceptional here.I had a chance to try the artichoke + chicken & pepperoni + sausage pizza, and both were exceptional (I'm not even a fan of pepperoni but they nailed it on this one).  The artichoke pizza is a must.  The prices are reasonable too.Tips:-Open till 2AM.- You can order special sauce w/ your pizza but I wouldn't recommend it.  The sauce is a bit too sweet; it actually drowns out the flavor of your toppings and makes everything taste the same.
4	"Our special ingredient is: water." hahahahahah. I don't know why I thought that was so funny... maybe leftover alcohol in my body...who knows.I did enjoy the pizza! We got a regular one with mushrooms, sweet red peppers, and sausage. It was pretty good! I think this was the first time I had thin-crust NY-style - such a difference from Chicago-style deep dish. I like thin-crust because you don't feel so heavy afterwards, but you also don't really get full.We also ordered the white pizza, which is just cheese and garlic. I thought this was such a waste of a pizza...but it was actually REALLY good. For all of  you garlic-lovers, definitely try it! I wouldn't suggest any toppings since it takes away from the cheese and garlic flavor. Our server was great. This place is pretty big so I don't think you should have problems getting seated.One word of advice for you NY-style pizza noobs, don't ask for ranch!
5	Amazing pizza!  Loved everything about this restaurant....fantastic service, great food, good atmosphere.  We ordered the Mediterranean salad and pepperoni/ sausage pizza....shared between three adults and it seemed to be the perfect amount.  Great restaurant!
3	Hearing that this is a New York transplant in Vegas, my friend had urged that I try out Grimaldi's. Upon arriving in Vegas, this was the first place we hit up, less than an hour after they opened. The hostess was quick to meet us and sat us outside in the main shopping area. I was hesitant at first because I didn't want the feel of being a zoo animal in an exhibit. My friend ordered the classic Margherita pizza while I ordered the plain pesto pizza.Knowing that they freshly make their pizzas, we waited patiently and were more than thrilled with the pizzas arrived. Shortly after we got our food, there was a holiday special performance with Santa and his dancing elves. This attracted a lot of attention throughout the mall, and hence, made me feel like the zoo animal I feared I'd become.People would walk by, pointing at what we were eating. And to add brownie points? Close to the end of the holiday performance, 'fake snow' started falling from the ceiling of the shopping center, so we got the complimentary topping of soap suds on our pizza.This was the reason this review is 3 stars, not 4 or 5. I felt my experience was really ruined as a result of the special performance and eating outside in the shopping area.TIPS:1. Don't eat here on the weekends in December.2. Eat inside if you can, don't sit out in the shopping area.3. Order the pesto - it's yummy.Overall, the pizza was tasty. I love NY style pizza [I actually love all forms of pizza - i don't discriminate]. Grimaldi's knows how to impress with their pies - too bad the locale was not as impressive.Staff is friendly - moderately attentive with the water. Just when I thought our server forgot us, he would show up. Not sure I'd come back since Vegas is full of great places to feast at, but definitely won't pass it up if Grimaldi's came up in culinary consideration conversation.
4	NY style pizza at the Vegas Strip, what's not to like?!?!  Grimaldi's Pizzeria is a welcome addition to the strip, with its affordable prices and authentic pizza pies you can't go wrong!  They have a simple menu and a great ambiance, it looks like a little slice of NY (but cleaner) right here in Vegas.  The menu is basically the toppings that you can choose from as well as the sauce (try not to go over 3 items on the pizza cause then the crust gets a little soggy), then they have a couple salads and of course cannolis and dessert to round out the menu for good measure.  Now the desserts/cannolis are really good, the salads, leave a bit to be desired.  The service that I have personally received has been pretty good, and of course the pizza itself is great!  So stop by and try out a few different types of pizza if you have a chance, and if you happen not to like it, guess what fuggetaboutit!
4	Feeling a bit under the weather from Friday night, Grimaldi's Pizzeria hit the spot. Our waitress was extremely nice and tried to make conversation with us, but we weren't exactly in the mood to socialize since we were hungry and hungover. The only downside to this place is the amount of time it takes for the pizza to bake. I wish there was a little something for us to munch on while we waited. Nonetheless, we ended up taking our pizza to-go. Ordering over the phone is a must since I really hate waiting. And it opens til 2am. Perfect to call & pick up after a night at the club.
5	The best pizza ever.I had a personal calzone and a personal white pizza, decent price with fantastic taste. I had them with the money I won from slot machine, which might brought me even better experience.I loved here definitely.
4	Grimaldi's pizza is probably one of the best pizzas I've eaten in awhile!  I love pigging out during vacation and luckily it was just my sister's birthday.  She had a coupon for a free pizza so we printed it out and presented it to them.  This was for one large pizza with one free topping!  Additional toppings range from $2-$5 depending on what you get.  We got pepperoni and mushrooms! yum!!  This large pizza is $16 and it is worth it, even if we didn't have a coupon.  I love thin pizzas so if you are not a fan and want more thickness, you may not like it.  They make these pizzas with fresh mozzarella cheese and you can see them make it through their glass windows. Andddd  i must say, this pizza was GINORMOUS!! We had to take 2 slices to go. We also ordered the Antipasto, which consisted of genoa salami, fresh mozzarella, oven-roasted sweet peppers, sicilian olives, and oven toasted crostini.  This was $9 for a regular size.  This was just an okay salad dish.  All this and only one basil leaf? :(  Overall, I love this place.  It is located in Venetian/Palazzo hotel.  Very nice decor and a great place for a date too!  I was so hungry later that night that I ate the leftovers...COLD and i must say, it was still delicious! Our server was super polite and very helpful too!NOTE:-Sign up for email to get a free pizza on your birthday-MUST print out coupon and present (they do not take from phones)
5	The pizza here is really really good.  The best part is you can walk right in and don't have to wait outside in Brooklyn for over an hour until you get seated (which I have done before). The location in the Palazzo is spacious, clean, and friendly. Although there was only two of us, we opted for the large pizza since it was only $2 more and we figured we could eat the leftovers (if any) later on in the evening. I would highly recommend this as a great dining option while in Vegas, especially if you are around this area of the strip.  Also I highly recommend getting the fresh tomatoes on your pizza...they were amazing (maybe early girls?). Yum.
3	More of a 3.5, but after some consideration I couldn't put it at the 4 star level.Food: Pizzas duh! There's a solid amount of choices you can make when it comes to ordering your pizza. White Sauce, Red Sauce, Garlic, etc... Plenty of different toppings that are authentic and taste amazing. I personally enjoyed the Large Red with Pepperoni and Mushrooms.Service: Pretty standard. Waitresses were quick and friendly, didn't really have a problem with them.Atmosphere: Legitly decorated. Feels like a nice pizza place due to it's old-school photographs and table setting. Loved it.Price: Between the 8 guys that went there, we paid around $10-12 each for a total of 3 Large pizzas. For Vegas that's pretty good especially when you're eating specialty food!Overall Opinion: I thought this place was pretty up to par, but honestly nothing stood out enough for me to fall in love with this place. The food is great, the service was good, the atmosphere was nice, but nothing was there that screamed out "I GOTTA COME BACK FOR THIS".
5	The perfection of New York Style pizza.
3	3 stars: A-OK.It's thin crust pizza from a chain restaurant. Claim to fame is the coal burning oven.This particular location is in the mall. If you've ever lived in NYC, you'll wonder what the fuss is about. If you've ever lived in Chicago, you'll complain that the pizza is paper thin. They have pizza and beer, how can you go wrong - so long as the pizza is hot and the beer is cold, it's just fine.They have TVs inside, they email coupons for your birthday if you sign up on the website, they aim to please. You can't really go wrong.If you think you're going to have life changing pizza inside fashion show mall, there's something wrong with you.
5	Super excited when I discovered my fave pizzeria in NY was in Vegas! I was researching eateries for when I was staying at the Venetian for work and came across the Grimaldi's listing for the Palazzo (Venetian and Palazzo are owned by the same parent company and are connected  via their Shoppes). Knew I had to come by for a meal when I was in town.Fast forward to mid-October. I found Grimaldi's to be the furthest place from the Venetian---at the northmost tip of the Palazzo Shoppes. Well, good exercise for the food to be consumed I guess. I placed an order of the small pesto pizza with sausage and mushrooms to go. Seriously, anything with pesto is fantastic. So my awesome pizza was thin crusted just the way I like it and nothing was too greasy on this pizza. Had enough for leftovers the next day and it keeps pretty well without refrigeration and tastes great cold the next morning.Will be back to dine in next time! Good thing there are enough places to window shop afterwards to walk off any food coma. :)
3	I love pizza, almost to the point where I have a problem, but I guess it's only a problem if you want to stop - and I have no intention of doing that.I have been to the original Grimaldi's under the bridge, and they might do everything exactly the same.. and yet it's not. Maybe it's the water? That's what they say anyway. We ordered two large pepperoni, sausage and ham pizzas.. (btw... $50?!) and while there was nothing wrong with the pizza... it was reasonable, good taste and texture... it didn't live up to my expectations. It didn't taste the same, it didn't feel the same. I like Secret Pizza better, and I'd go there, given the choice.The service was great and I really liked the ambiance, but my review and expectations are based solely on the pizza itself.Cliffs Notes: Good pizza, but not the same as the original and not the best pizza in Vegas.
5	I like the thin-crust pizza!
4	We were wandering around the Venetian/Palazzo complex looking for a place to grab dinner. There are a ton of good options, but we were looking for something quick and relatively cheap. We almost settled for the food court inside the Grand Canal Shoppes ($10 ish dollars per person), but luckily we opted for something better. Grimaldi's is located near the Wynn pedestrian bridge entrance to the Palazzo. It's on the upper level with Palazzo's shopping area. We were quickly seated in the main dining room, which had an open look into the pizza kitchen where you can see the cooks baking your coal fired pizzas. We ordered a large pizza (18" - 8 slices) with Italian sausage and mushrooms. The pizza was very tasty - I particularly liked the flavorful sausage and the red sauce. The large size is $16, with each additional topping ranging from $2-$4. We got one pizza with two toppings to share so our total bill came out to be around $21 without tip, which is less than we would have paid at the food court!!! Moral of this story: skip the food court and get some real food in a nice relaxed atmosphere at Grimaldi's!
5	Probably the best pizza I have ever had.This location is in the Shoppes at the Palazzo/Venetian. Came here because of the great Yelp reviews and was not disappointed.How good is the pizza? I ordered a Caprese salad to start, and it was probably one of the worst Caprese salads I have ever had. Dry and chewy mozzarella, flavorless tomato, limp basil, weak olive oil. I order Caprese salads almost everywhere they are offered and this is in the bottom 2 or 3 I have ever eaten. But the pizza here is SO good that I am giving 5 stars anyway. That's how good it is.It's a coal-fired brick oven, thin crust pizza. With dough made from water they truck across the country from New York just to make it authentic. We had a pizza with spicy sausage, pepperoni and sliced tomatoes, and it was epic. It was "I want to go throw up in the bathroom like the Ancient Romans to make room for more of this pizza" epic. It was "if someone runs in and grabs the last piece of pizza off my plate, I am chasing him down and beating him to death with a chair" epic. Dammit, now I need more of it. Thanks, Yelp. Just writing this review has convinced me I need to make another trip for more.
2	I'm profoundly baffled by all the good reviews for Grimaldis.The pizza isn't bad; okay,  it's edible...but just barely. The real problem is that it's boring. All the elements just don't harmonize. The crust is overcooked. It's too hard, too crispy with no chewiness. I suggest that the Grimaldi clan go to Settebello in Green Valley and tast real Neapolitan pizza. Crust should be chewy, not hard dammit!Take a trip to Napoli, the birthplace of pizza, if you don't believe me.The toppings are not in synch with any of the other toppings. It's as if they were chosen on their own with no awareness of how they would ultimately work together.And please! This coal-fired nonsense, and New York water nonsense doesn''t mean anything, except as a marketing ploy to get gullible tourists to think they're eating something special. If you want great pizza, go down the street to Sicili's Pizza on Twain. It's in a ghetto area, so I don't advise eating in, but as take-out or delivery, it's amazingly good. And at half the price!!!But if you're a lazy tourist who doesn't want to leave the casino, then you're stuck with this mediocre pizza.If this represents New York pizza, given the fame of Grimaldi's in New York, I've never been happier not to live in that overcrowded, smelly, cesspool.
4	I was surprised there were so few reviews for this location.  I have to admit that I traveled from LA just to try this pizza and it was worth it.  The quality of the pizza was great and the price wasn't bad either.  I tried the cannoli for dessert and it was addicting.  I will definitely put this on my to do list for my next Vegas trip.  The only reason I deducted one star was for the service.  It was just OK.  There was no one else there because we were there so late and the bartender kept cleaning his glasses instead of refilling ours.  He came around eventually, but just took a little too long considering we were the only ones  at the place.  I think next time we'll get the pizza to go and eat it in the hotel.Side note: we also tried Secret Pizza at the Cosmopolitan and I enjoyed the atmosphere there, but I still think that Grimaldi's pizza is a better tasting and better quality pizza.
5	Grimaldi's was initially not part of my itinerary during my last Vegas trip but since I was at the Palazzo Shoppes at around lunch, I unexpectedly found the spot and decided to give it a try.  I've heard a great deal about Grimaldi's from Travel Channel and Food Network so I figured it would be worth a try.By my waiter's recommendation, I ordered my personal sized pizza with Pepperoni, Sausage, and Mushrooms.  And here's my work of art:http://bit.ly/115EmrXIt's gonna sound very cliche but here it goes:  This was one damn good pizza!  Probably one of the best I've ever eaten!  From the moment my waiter brought it to my table, I seriously got giddy.  The aroma coming from the fresh cut meats and cheese was very amazing!  The crust, while crispy, still had a nice soft chew to it and had a nice rustic flavor to it.  But we all know in the end it's all about the toppings.  You can tell by the pic that everything was cut fresh and handmade.  And when I took that first bite, I was in pizza bliss =)  Very delicious!!  It was really handcrafted with a lot of love.I'm glad that I decided to deviate from my itinerary and stop over to Grimaldi's.  Now I understand what all the hype was all about!  One of the best pizzas ever!  I'm definitely coming back again for another delicious pizza pie!  Fuhgeddaboudit!!
5	Delizioso! That perfectly describes the pizza here. What is it about this pizza that makes it so darn delicious? The cheese? The crust? The toppings? The fact that I'm starving? Do they really ship the water for the pizza all the way from NYC? No, but after having the pizza here, I'd believe it. According to their website, they actually hired "...a chemist to analyze and recreate the mineral content and exact composition of the water."I had a large pepperoni pizza with sausage on half of it and mushroom on the other half. It was everything you expect New York pizza to be. So so good! I loved the thin crispy, slightly burnt crust and the quality ingredients. The the mini pepperonis were just perfect with the sausage. I don't normally eat the crust but it was that good.My absolute favorite pizza place. If only I lived in Vegas. Located on the 2nd floor of the Palazzo, there is rarely a wait. If you love good pizza, especially New York style pizza,  you won't be disappointed.
3	If I could, I would rate this as 3 1/2 stars (rounded down since it took forever for the bartender to give me the billfor my to-go order).I was staying at The Palazzo, so I wanted to get something to eat within the hotel complex. I ended up getting a small pizza with sausage and mushrooms. I got te pizza to go, so it was not as ho when I finally ate it. It was pretty good, though, with a crisp crust (NY, not Neapolitan style). It was 14.00 for the pizza, plus 2.00 each for the toppings.
5	Wow what can I say? By far the best pizza place in Las Vegas, They say one of the things that make their pizza sooooo good is the water..hmmmmm well keep using that water!!! The place is nice and relaxing alittle loud but lighting is nice and the prices are about right for what you are eating!! Eat pizza hut after you eat here and you'll think you're eating Crap!!
1	TL:DR - Food PoisoningSo on a recent business trip to Las Vegas I visited this restaurant twice. First time was on a Thursday night and the restaurant was extremely slow.  Only 3 tables in use in the restaurant.  It took over an hour to get one pizza and we never had a chance to order more drinks because nobody ever came to check on us.  When I asked about our order the manager apologized and the pizza was out in 10 minutes.... About the time it takes to make and bake a pizza. Still didn't see out waiter until he dropped the check at the end without so much as an apology. The pizza was amazing. The best pizza and worst service I have ever had. I went back about a week later on my last night in vegas with a coworker. I explained my previous experience with the service and this time was much better.  The next morning I woke up to head to the airport for my flight and the tell tale signs of food poisoning reared their ugly head. Flying with food poisoning is one of the worst experiences I have ever had.  I am 100% sure of the source of the food poisoning as I only ate one thing on that day... Grimaldis pizza with a caprese salad. The salad is likely to be the culprit but to have two horrible experiences in a 2 week time period is inexcusable. I suggest avoiding this spot at all costs.
5	I finally got to experience the Grimaldi.I made it an absolute stop when I was up in NYC last year, but the lines there were ridonkulous and I had to forgo that experience.But when I found that there was one here, I had to come. And they simulate the exact same settings found in NYC. The pH of the water is balanced to the same standards in NYC. The brick oven is also set at 800 degrees and of course the ingredients are comparable found there.But this time around, there was no line...granted it was 1am on a random Sunday night, and there were just a few people at the bar and the dining area, and I was hungry so I had to get me some of this fine pizza.Screw the personal size 12" pizza. I went for their "small" which is 16". And within 30 minutes I had no problem eating the whole thing. The whole thing...and all by myself.It was that good. I'm glad I got to experience it. And of course I would do this again. They have a wine list. You can choose to eat out in the patio, at the bar or in their pretty big dining area.
4	Orgasmatronic. Can hardly wait til next month when I'll be feasting on another one.Just....delicious.Any naysayers are just that.Food poisoning claimers are full o shite.
5	Service at this location is as top notch as the others!  We always get friendly and attentive servers and, last night, the manager came over to ask us how everything was.  That was a nice touch. The pizza here is as fresh and delicious as the other Grimaldi's locations I've been to.  The sauce and fresh cheese is such a delight.  I love this location because you can look out onto the Encore and Wynn and, at nighttime, it's a really beautiful sight.  I just love those tall buildings with their sparkly signs!  The wine bottle chandeliers are really cool, too.  The restaurant is very clean and decor is simple and inspiring for a NY'er with touches of NY all around (subway signs, photos of NY landmarks - Brooklyn Bridge, Statue of Liberty, Coney Island, etc).  This is such a taste of home but with a more "upscale" feel than some of the other locations.  Deliciousness and pure fulfillment, as always.
4	First off I gave this a 4 because of the food, It's just thin brick oven pizza at best.The service and atmosphere here inside the Palazzo is very good.I was with two other friends on my trip here, we all ordered individual pizzas.My pizza came out with an imperfection in the pizza and was told I got another pizza to go for FREE! I thought what am I going to do with this pizza?One of my other friend's also got a free pizza because theirs was too burnt.So 2 free pies to go on my last night there. Note it was about 10pm or so and I was leaving in the morning, kind of a waste of pizza.Saw a lot of pies going out that night for free, must have been those young guys making them!My one friend got the small 500ml water which was purified from somewhere. Not as good as the cosmo water!Try this place out if you like flat pizza and free pizza.
5	Tremendous tasting thin crust pizza, possibly the best ever.We had the margherita, and a pepperoni and sausage pizza, and both were 5 stars.Very reasonable prices, and great service.  Can't wait to go back again.
3	Get the personal pizza, not the medium/large. If you do some nerdy calculation, you get less for your money when you get anything larger than a single pizza. Pizza was flavorful (but what pizza isn't?) and a personal pizza is enough to split between two girls. I didn't find this pizza to be super amazing or anything. I'd much rather go to the secret pizza place at the Cosmo.This is a good place if you want something relatively quick, easy, and affordable.
4	went here for lunch with family. our server Jalani was great, frequently checked up on us, and I think it was the manager, she checked up on us as well....ordered a large pepperoni/sausage pizza, caprese salad, and a calzone...all were great tasting and I'll will be eating at this location more often..
5	What can I say about Grimaldi's? I would say that this is by far my most favorite pizza place ever! I'm strictly sadden that the closes one to me is in another state. I will pay Grimaldi's a visit everytime I pay a visit to Sin City! Julia S made our eating experience quite wonderful! She was very pleasant and so patient with us. Grimaldi's is so lucky to have someone like her working for them. I give her 5 stars!!We ordered the Bruschetta w/ Chicken Pizza, We ordered a size small and it was perfect for my fiance and I. We are actually big eaters and suprisingly we were satisfied. It comes with oil and vinigar and we get to sprinkle how much we wanted on our pizza. It was so good.My fiance wanted to take a picture of the chefs throw the pizza dough in the air and watch them spin it and everyone there were such great sports. I recommend coming here. This is my must go to spot when I visit Vegas. And hopefully Julia will be working because I know I'll be asking for her.Now I just hope they open one up in the San Francisco area. My fiance and I will be regular customers when that happens!
4	Very good thin crust pizza. You can watch them make it too! I had thin crust with pepperoni and jalapenos. My husband had a calzone it was huge and he enjoyed it! The toppings are expensive though but I guess that's vegas!
5	Wow! That is probably the best pizza i have ever had ( and i am not a big pizza fan all) so i was a bit skeptical going in at first, but then i read some great reviews here on yelp and decided to give it a try. I am certainly glad i did! My husband and i ordered a small house salad. It was just ok, simple, but very fresh. Small white pizza (it was so large that i thought we should have just gotten a personal size pizza to split) with Italian sausage, mushrooms and fresh tomatoes. They make it right in front of you. The pizza came out with very thin crust, the fresh mozzarella cheese they use was amazing and probably what made the whole pizza taste as good as it did.We also ordered some white house wine ($4/glass, $9/ half carafe, which is actually pretty big) I would say this is the cheapest alcohol you can find in Vegas. Service was very good and i would definitely recommend it to anyone. The whole dinner cost us $37. Super cheap for Vegas and super good!
5	As far as pizza and deals go, this is some of the best i've ever seen.  it was so good that my friends and I went two days in a row.  They serve New York style pizzas, I think a large, which should fill up 2 people very comfortably if not 3, cost $16.  Most veggie toppings are $2 extra, some are $4.  We got a large pizza with mushrooms and onions, I had 2 and a half slices.  I was pretty full, but I would've eaten more just because it tasted so good.  The sauce was amazing, tangy and slightly sweet, crust was crunchy, and I could taste the toppings.  I've been to Vegas several 6 times in the past year and a half, and this is one of the best food deals I've come across.  You won't be disappointed.
5	We were exhausted and looking for an inexpensive place in Vegas to get great food and we were more than pleasantly surprised.  The personal pizzas are the perfect size, and two of them could easily feed three people.  Also the house wine is quite good.  By far one of the better tasting and values you will find in Las Vegas.
4	Absolutely amazing thin-crust pizza!!! If you're getting your own pizza, all you need is a personal pizza, it was more than enough. I ordered the white pizza with sausage and mushrooms, and it was delicious! My only complaint was it was a little dry, but other than that I was super happy with it. I won a little bit of money, so I treated 3 other girls, and it ended up being a little pricey but honestly, with the service, decor, and quality of food I"m not complaining at all.
5	My gf and I stopped at Grimaldi's on our way to Los Angeles and it was just as delicious as the Brooklyn location, which I thought was excellent! I would recommend Grimaldi's to anyone who enjoys quality pizza. We ordered a white with garlic medium with pepperoni, artichoke, olives, and Italian sausage. We also got a small Caesar which was average. We were not at all disappointed with our visit to Grimaldi's.
5	This is my favorite pizza!!  Thin crust, fresh toppings.  Delicious and delectable!!  My mouth waters just thinking about it!!  There is no Grimaldi's in Orange County, CA so I always have to get my fix when we go to Vegas.  This is the best.  A small pizza and  a salad is a sumptuous dinner!!  Service is great too.  Grimaldi's, please open a store in Orange County, CA!! :-)
5	Dined here in the Palazzo location twice while attending a convention. One night I had kalamata olives, red and pesto sauce and the other time I had roasted red peppers and garlic. Love, love, love this pizza and Denise at the bar was great! I will be back next time in town...
4	Great food. Great service. Victor was amazing! Try the cheesecake Reese's peanut butter. It was so delicious! The pizza was really good, not greesy at all.
5	The FOOD:Margherita PizzaYYYIIIPPPEE:  Oh so good I fantasize about itThe PERFECT pizza. Real cheese not that oily manufactured goo. CRUNCH, crunch, crunch goes the crust. No sag. Not soggy. Just a tang of sauce.  BBBOOOO:Why is good pizza so hard to find. New York has ruined pizza for this LA girl. Now my husband has to cook pizza for me in the BBQ or we go to Vegas cause that's still closer than the the good ol big apple. SUMMARY:You've gotta try it & if you are coming back to LA send me a message & please bring me some to go.
3	When I read all the great reviews about this place I made it one of my go to spots last week in Vegas. Sadly, I didn't think the pizza lived up to the hype. It was good, but, I expected great, and it wasn't. Maybe the original in Brooklyn is, but, Vegas came up short. That being said, Grimaldi's may be the best Vegas has to offer for pizza. Sorry Grimaldi's, I really don't mean for this to sound like a dis, I just had higher expectations. I was hoping you'd be as good or better than Lombardi's in NYC, but, you weren't.
4	Great pizza with good prices. Definitely would come back.
3	This is pretty close to four stars. It's better than Spago, but I don't think it's 4. However, it's an absolute STEAL considering it's in Las Vegas. Three of their large pizzas, each with multiple toppings, only ran us about $70. That's crazy - it's a ton of food, fed 7 with some left over, and during the opening weekend of the NCAA tournament, it was a great way to lounge in the room and get fat while screaming at the television. Just too bad it's a bit of a walk from the Venetian and Venezia towers.We had a pepperoni and mushroom, an Italian sausage and roasted red pepper, and a white pizza with pesto. All were good, with chewy crust and plentiful toppings. I liked their red sauce, and the white pizza was good, although heavy on the garlic. They did list garlic specifically, so I'm not blaming them, but it's not my thing, as you may or may not know.So if you need a take out meal to eat in the room? This is great and almost thrifty option if you're staying in the Venetian/Palazzo.
3	not really what i expected. i guess i expected new york style pizza which is not what this is. also they don't sell just slices, only pies. we got a cheese and a white pie. it was just ok.
5	Returned again, bringing my NY style pizza loving bf. We got seated at a table with a fantastic window view of the Wynn. We got started with a personal size pesto pizza with meatballs and mushrooms and a small pizza with pepperoni and italian sausage. Trust me when I say the small isn't really small. Very tempted to order the pizza of the month, the prosciutto pizza, but I can't say no to pesto. Pizzas were just as good as I remembered. Our server Ty was awesome, making sure we were okay and keeping our drinks filled. I made sure to leave room for dessert, so an order for the Bailey Irish Creme Cheesecake was placed. I can't believe I didn't know they had dessert available. It's definitely not on the menu online! Very decadent and yummy! This place is just as good as the NY original and I'm stoked they have a location in SoCal (El Segundo!). I'm also in love with their decor---empty wine bottles as hanging light fixtures? Amazing.
5	Pro: Close enough to CES Venetian location. Hidden corner, GREAT pizza, good selection of wine. Their own bathroom. Fair price.Con: So so staff (I think she is new)Bathroom: Clean, not family friendly.Came here on the 3rd day of CES - our group was whiny, tired, and downright pain in the ass to deal with... After googling for a decent food join that WAS NOT A BUFFET. Grimaldi's came up, and since we were right outside of their door, it was the best choice for us due to we are lazy bums that don't want to walk anymore.Got two pies, can't remember what they were, but it did the job of keeping us from burning down crappy Chinese booths following the meal.
4	Very good transplant from Brooklyn. But obviously not the exact same as the original. There is no long lines wrapping around any corner waiting for a seat at this one. But it is a good thin crust pizza.This one is much fancier than the original. They have a host that seats you, a very nice dark wooden bar, and large wine glasses at every table in case you order a bottle. Nice brick walls with framed NYC pictures hanging through out. Our waiter was great. Very polite and would give us updates on our pizza. Too bad I forgot his name but his a tall white man that is bald, if I remember his name I revise this review because he deserves to be mentioned.A large can fill three to four people and the have many topping, including a white pizza and other Italian dishes.You can't go wrong here if you like a good thin pizza pie!! I will be back for sure.
5	Perfect pizza and customization. Cesar salad kicked ass!
4	Amazing hand-tossed pizza! Went here after a long night (like every night is in Vegas) and needed a hangover cure. Their pizza sizes are not like regular sized. A small sized pizza has 6 decently sized slices that are topped well! We got a small sausage and pepperoni pizza, and it was SO good! Their cheese and pizza sauce were delicious, and the oven baked thin crust was great too! It's reasonably priced too, at least compared to vegas prices. For the small pizzal with 2 toppings it was about $20. Very friendly staff, and the service was ok. Definitely suggest trying this place out! TLDR: Good large portion pizza's at a reasonable price!
4	LOVE Grimaldi's!!!  Order is always right and staff is always great.  One complaint is that bathroom isn't family friendly.
4	Good tasting thin crust NY style pizza and very reasonably priced for Vegas.  When you just want good solid grub and you're hanging out at either the Palazzo or Venetian, this is the place to go.  Wish they sold pizza by the slice but since everything's made to order I understand that's not possible.  Not a big deal though, just order a personal and it's plenty enough for a single serving.
4	Came here with some friends, wait staff was really friendly, food came out pretty fast. Ordered 4 small pizzas, more than enough for 6 people. Taste wise it's above average but nothing spectacular. Priced decently for food on the strip. Random note, they had some odd bright LED lights facing our table so it's always nice to get blinded while eating.
5	OMG this pizza is to die for! Had an excellent server-- I think her name was Tracy. She was excellent! She told us a lot about Grimaldi's and how they really went out of their way to make sure that the pizza you get in Brooklyn is the identical pizza you get in Vegas (and soon LA... she said 5/2013). Everything was really delicious and hands down the best pizza I've ever had! We made our own Large with pepperoni, olives, sausage and extra cheese. SO GOOD. You've GOT TO TRY THIS PIZZA and get on their bday mailing list :)
3	I came in here and for a couple of beers and shared a small  1/2 pepperoni and  1/2 prosciutto pizza about 2:30 on a Monday.  The pizza was good, the crust and cheese were great.  The prosciutto and pepperoni toppings were average.  Considering it was slow, my pizza was kind of lukewarm.  The service was great.  Overall I prefer local pizza restaurants over chains like Grimaldi's.
5	If you can't beat 'em join 'em.  Grimaldi's has been kicking the pepperoni out of all the strip fancy shmancy pizza places since they opened in Vegas a few years ago.  From it's original location under the Brooklyn Bridge (which I've been to), this New Yorker ain't gonna take no guff from some high end mega resort.  They are running the show and this isn't a diluted Grimaldi's Pizza, it's the real deal.  Located in the Shoppes at the Palazzo, now you don't have to venture off the strip for a Grimaldi's pizza (if you don't want to).  Prices actually seemed to be pretty close to other Grimaldi's locations.  Not to say this is a cheap pie, you get what you pay for and adding toppings gets expensive quick.  Problem is they are all so good, it's hard to not add them.  Went with Pepperoni, Sausage, Meatball, Mushroom, Onion, Roasted Sweet Red Peppers, and fresh Basil.  My biggest complaint with Grimaldi's has always been the basil.  It just gets charred up in the coal fired oven and you lose the flavor of it as it's replaced with a burnt taste.  Lombardi's Pizza in New York adds the basil after the pie is cooked, so this time I had Grimaldi's do that and I liked it a lot better.  Perhaps there was too much basil on the pie and it would have been better shredded a little finer, but it still was a nice topping, and I recommend you order it that way.  Also don't dismiss the meatballs as a topping, they are really good and have lots of flavor.  The pepperoni and sausage provided some spice.  The cheese is fresh mozzarella and very rich.  I can assure you this will be one of the best pies you've had.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grimaldis-pizzeria-las-vegas-4?select=XqdLYxc2ln60eNNNZ4NOmw#XqdLYxc2ln60eNNNZ4NOmwWe also were very happy with our Caesar Salad.  Nothing super special, but tasty.  It's easy to go meal after meal in Vegas realizing you haven't eaten anything green in a while.  We ordered the large and it was plenty enough for 4 adults to share.  Considering how good their dough is, I'm very interested in trying a calzone on another trip.  Saw a few people eating them and they looked to be a good size.If you are staying at the Palazzo, Grimaldi's will be hard to avoid since you will keep getting wafts of pizza in the hallways and elevators as people get it to go and head up to their rooms.
5	Great crust with a sassy chewy center.  The coal fired oven definitely helps the flavor.  They coal flavor is subtle, which is better than other coal places that I have been to.  They are so hardcore that they have a special water filtration system that mimics the water profile from New York City.  Great service from our bartender / server Shombi.  Fast service with a warm smile
5	My colleagues wanted to go out for pizza, and I wasn't thrilled since we have way too much of it at home. This pizza was probably the best I've ever had though! I don't know if it was the crust, the cheese, the sauce, or the combination, but I ate three pieces!
5	We had lunch here on our most recent trip to Vegas. One word - delicious!  The dough is thin and crispy. The sauce was wonderful - tasted very fresh. They use fresh mozzarella on top of the pizza.  The pizza is reasonably priced. Our waitress was super friendly and attentive.  A great find! We will be back!
2	So this review is going to stand out- ahem.... okay carrying on. We went to Grimaldi's our first night in Vegas this last weekend mostly because it was the only thing open by the time we got into Vegas.I'll be the first to admit that a pizza joint is no place for someone with a gluten allergy. That being said, I am surprised at how many places provide gluten free pizza...but I don't expect it. I try to avoid being a pain in the you know what to servers so I generally call ahead or just avoid these places, but this night we had no choice so I expected to graze from the salad bar. Now the skinny- We get there and I inform the server I'm gluten intolerant and ask if the salad dressings are gluten free. He simply responded- we don't have a gluten free menu. I acknowledge this and asked again if he could just have the kitchen check the back of their salad dressings to ensure they don't have gluten I'd be happy with their salad choices. He just repeated himself that they didn't have a gluten free menu and asked to take the orders of the other people at the table. I was so offended but at the same time I feel bad about my allergy so I just decided I wouldn't eat anything that night. Had it not been for my friend who went up to the hostess and asked her to please make sure their balsamic was gluten free I'd have not eaten. I was able to have this so I ordered the Mediterranean salad with no dressing and my boyfriend and I shared this with oil and balsamic. My only compliment about this salad was that it was a good portion, but we both agreed it was pretty bad otherwise. Ingredients didn't seem fresh and it was just a run of the mill salad for 15 bucks. My boyfriend had some of the pizza our friends ordered and wasn't enticed by it.Our friends did seem to enjoy their pizza and I do have to say the beers were pretty cheap as my boyfriend enjoyed a few of them to help get through the salad ;) So, seems like everyone loves this place but unfortunately my experience with both service and food was very very Meh.
5	Great service and great food!!!
3	Tasteless sauce, bland cheese, somehow they made the garlic bland, I have no idea how one does that.  Someone should introduce the chef to salt. Crust was good.  If you're drunk, this is easily a 5 star place. Although someone sitting here with me that also dined there disagrees, saying that even if she were drunk, it would be tasteless.
5	This was arguably my favorite part of my first Vegas visit.  My fiancee and I split a bottle of wine and a medium pie on a late night date.  My half was sausage and onion and hers just had onion as a topping.  The pizza was crisp in all the right places, without creating a bunch of crumbs when you took a bite, and soft in all the right places, without being chewy.  All the ingredients jumped out and were tasty.  What really made the experience was the service.  Granted, it was fairly late at night (is there such a thing as "late" in Vegas?) but the server was very attentive, kept our waters filled, made sure to check on us, and generally came across as a nice guy.  This was all made more impressive by the fact that he was also working the bar at the same time.  Another great part about the dining experience here is that it's fairly cheap dining.  The bottle of wine and medium pizza came in under $40 and a medium is definitely enough for 2 people, in case you were wondering.
4	I recently lived in NY for 3 years so I have been dying for this style of pizza. It is the best. Grimaldi's was great...so close to what I am used to in NY. Honestly, it was close enough. Great pizza. I will definitely be going back next time (and every time) I am in Vegas.
5	This Vegas location tastes better than the actual Grimaldi's in NY.No wait too!! It's the best "cheap" food you'll get in Vegas.5+++++++++ stars
4	Awesome place to get delicious pizza. The best point is that you can customized your own pizza!!The menu price is reasonable and the restaurant is very clean However, the service is relatively slow. I came for lunch during a slow day, there's not many customers. But the service is terribly slow. For this reason, a 4-stars is fair.
3	Nothing to rave about, but if in the neighborhood and in the mood for some pizza, I guess Grimaldi's would suffice. However, if you are looking for an AMAZING experience for pizza make your way to the secret pizza place at the Cosmopolitan (hands downs totally worth it!!!) Girmaldi's is a sit down restaurant with plenty of seating and towards the back of the restaurant you can see them making your pizza. Our waitor was friendly. Prices are reasonable as they offer the traditional pizza with their special sauce (regular red sauce), white with garlic, and pesto. They have a variety of toppings to select from ($2-4/each). The dough was nice and chewy but the pizza itself was bland. We ordered a large half red half white with pepperoni, chicken, artichoke, and olives. Their salads were good and large portions, would definitely recommend splitting. Probably won't be seeing you again Grimaldi's.
5	Excellent pizza and salads! Went here on a whim and was pleasantly surprised. A little out of the way depending on where you're staying, but worth the trip. A great place to enjoy a meal with friends. A large pizza should reasonably feed 3 - 4 people. Stays open til 2am? AWESOME
1	WAY overrated.  Bland bland bland.  Asked for extra cheese and I couldn't tell the difference.  Servers are pre-programmed with no real zeal for the function.  Yes the crust was thin, but it was too "crunchy" aka overdone.  Don't understand the hype.  This was the Palazzo location.
5	The pizza crust was perfectly thin. Ricotta cheese, olives, meatballs n a Caesar salad so good!!! Worth the calories!
4	Pizza was excellent.  We had a quattro stagioni and a sausage, mushroom onion and they were both amazing.  Mozzarella is top notch, sauce and crust are both solid.  Service was great.  The starters are very lackluster however.The mozzarella in antipasto was cut super thick and is so milky fresh that it doesn't have much flavor.  The salami was also very very lightly seasoned.  The roasted red peppers were pretty good, but nothing to sing about.Skip the starters, stick with the pizza and you'll walk away a happy camper.
4	Good crust and quality toppings...not bad at all.
2	READ THIS REVIEW:Based off the reviews here on yelp, Grimaldi's Is terrible. The pizzeria itself doesn't look bad, but the service and pizza are sub par. I think there were about 5 tables in the entire restaurant, and yet it took 40 minutes for us to receive our food. I got the traditional with Italian sausage and onions. The sausage tasted like sausage from pizza hut. Good pizza should not fall apart when i'm eating it. Overall, the pizza was just bland with nothing exciting about it. At the end, the server charged me 5 dollars more than our total bill, and when I asked her about it, she said she didn't remember and just handed me 5 dollars from someone else's check. Very unprofessional. I was in vegas looking for a good place to eat and this place received 4.5 stars. Why. There is nothing 4 stars about this place.
1	My first time at Grimaldi's ever, and it was terrible. First, the place wasn't really that busy, but my husband and I were told it would be a 10-15 minute wait. 20 minutes later, we were seated. After taking our drink order, it took our waiter about another 20 minutes to get my one glass of wine to me. For dinner, we ordered one large pizza to share and a small salad for me. After 30 minutes, the waiter stopped by for the first time since dropping my wine off to get my husband's Pepsi refill, at which point he mentioned my salad to the waiter. He looked at his notepad, and replied with "Oh, that's right. Sorry about that, I'll be right back." He completely forgot about it. About 10 minutes later, the waiter came to us to tell us the kitchen staff burned our pizza, so we'd have to wait another 10-15 minutes to allow them to finish the second pizza. My salad was better than the pizza. I don't know what all the hype is because I've had better frozen pizzas than what they made. To top it all off, it was half-price Tuesday, and we were charged full price for my glass of wine. My second worst restaurant service experience of all time.
4	I had this pizza in Brooklyn and thought it was the BEST pizza I've ever tasted. So we had to try this spot when we were in town in Vegas. This is located at Palazzo on the second floor. There was NO wait when we went around 2pm for lunch on a Sunday. Lots of space with a bar. I couldn't bring my fat tuesday in but they were kind enough to store it in the fridge for me. So we ordered a large pizza with sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms, and olives. Very tasty and good upon the first bite! We asked for the garlic powder and added to our pizza which made it taste a little better, but the garlic powder wasn't as strong as what we had in NY. I have to agree that the pizza was delicious, but it wasn't as good as what we had in Brooklyn's for some reason. It took about 20minutes for the pizza to come out. We also ordered a personal size pizza with white sauce. I didn't taste it but my friends did and agreed it wasn't as good as the regular pizza. The service was okay, the server could put a smile on his face at least. I heard the less toppings you put, the better. Don't overload your pizza! I recommend regular pizza with tomato sauce with basil. A side story: my bf left his credit card here but they were kind enough to keep it until we picked it up. Thanks! 4 stars for excellent pizza and no wait! I highly recommend this spot if you're craving NY style pizzas.
5	Really delicious pizza: thin crust, NY, brick oven style. We shared the 18" large with half white w/garlic, quarter regular, and quarter pesto to try all the sauces. Toppings were bacon, sausage, and pepperoni. Nice wine selection and decent beers on draft. I'm sad that the closest one to us is in Vegas from L.A. Very reasonable for a sit down restaurant on the strip. Didn't have the room, but they had cannoli, cheesecake, and tiramisu for dessert. Would definitely go again the next time we are in Vegas! If you're staying at one of the Grazie hotels, check your coupon book for 15% off
1	Highly rated location, so my friends and I decided to give this place a try. First off, horrible service. Very inattentive, very slow, and very lazy. We went around 3 P.M., so it wasn't busy at all, which makes me wonder why we weren't receiving any service. In fact, it was pretty overstaffed (it was about one server per table), yet we received no service. No worries, I thought, the food will definitely be worth it since there was so much positive feedback! NOT! Disappointed again. First off, its a thin crust pizza, which means it really shouldn't take very long. Took over 40 minutes. It made me wonder how they would be able to handle it if the place was packed. Maybe it is just never packed..... Pizza was sub par. Cheese got rubbery after five minutes. The crust was burnt on many areas. I enjoy a little burn since it is stone oven, but this was excessive. The sausage was good though, but what is the point of a good tasting ingredient if the pizza as a whole tasted like garbage. I do not recommend this location at all and will not be returning any time soon.
5	There aren't enough stars available to rate Grimaldi's!! My husband went there while on business in Vegas and took me back this past weekend. I was blown away with the service, the pizza and the environment. We got there around 430 on a Saturday and it was perfect timing because about 15 minutes later it was packed. We had extra mozz, pepperoni and sausage on our pizza. We got the small and finished it. It's not heavy so it was perfect. Use the garlic powder!! Two thumbs up! Love it! Can't wait to go back!
4	yum, cheapish food and there was absolutely no wait. If you had east coast pizza, this place is reminiscent of it. Still, not the same for some reason... it must be the dough and the water. 4 girls got 1 large pizza and 1 large salad and it was JUST enough. We got the greek salad and I think that was the highlight of my meal. I loved it!Oh, do NOT NOT NOT get the dessert 10 dollar trio thing!!! It is totally not worth it. We thought they were gonna give us a full size dessert but it was a quarter size of a real slice. Not worth it. If you are going to get dessert just share ONE cheesecake. Don't get the cannoli, it's aiiiiight at best.
5	OMG it was hard to find. I called while in the Fashion Mall, to be told that they weren't there. However, they have 2 locations (one is in the Fashion Mall and the Palazzo). The lady over the phone at the Palazzo location didn't specify this.  Overall it would have  been helpful on my feet, but definitely increased my appetite from walking in hot Vegas.THE PIZZA..was great!  A very thin crust, half white sauce with chunks of garlic , other side with red sauce and pepperoni on the entire pizza and basil. It was the best pizza in my life whether I paid for it or not. It was FREE, and worth finding in hot Vegas. I'll be back, and miss it already.!  Yummy..
5	Always great service and food a must when in Vegas and affordable. Wait staff entire place is class, looking for great food, great service, great price on a budget with a family and want the best dining experience you have got to go to Grimaldi's in Palazzo
5	Love this place!
4	What a crust!  OK so it's from a small chain pizzeria.  But hey, this is Vegas, this is the Strip.  They are going to copy the NY original like no other place else can.  Classic 1200 degree coal burning ovens, formulated water with identical pH and mineral content of NYC water (not sure if this is a good thing).  All leads to what is undoubtedly one of the best NYC style pizza crust.  It's blistered,  well seasoned, just the right thinness with the perfect chew, with the perfect hint of smoky bitterness.  Dirt cheap for the Strip.  $9 for a personal 12" red sauce pie $10 for a garlic white sauce or pesto.  Add $2 per topping including some great spiced meatballs, sweet Italian Sausage (American style), tender oven roasted peppers and milky mozzarella.  Mild intensity to any of the sauces to let the toppings show through.Calzones are excellent.  Same great dough as the pies, same great filling in a hand held pouch.True NYC pizzeria feel with the manager, hostess, and bartenders loudly shooting the breeze right at the door (when it's not too busy).  A well chosen  selection of wines focusing on Italy, most offered by the glass or half carafe (500ml or 2/3 of a whole bottle).  Reasonable prices.  Half off all wines on Tuesdays.A welcome, affordable addition to the Palazzo.
4	On a fairly recent trip to New York, I opted to try out Lombardi's instead of Grimaldi's. And while I can't comment on whether the Las Vegas location is exactly the same as the one in New York, from what I can tell, I think Grimaldi's is much better than Lombardi's.Now I'm a deep dish pizza kind of girl. Not that I hate thin crust, but I do not prefer it. Grimaldi's was still excellent in my eyes, and I would definitely come back given the option on a future Vegas trip. I really enjoyed the sausage as a topping, but I would stay away from the bacon, as it's a bit too salty. Keep in mind when you come here that this is New York style pizza. It's thin crust, it's simple. I'm thinking that maybe some of the negative reviews here are grounded on unmatched expectations due to unfair or unrealistic standards. Four girls split a large pizza and a large salad. Just the right amount of food.Oh, keep in mind, if you want to do half-half on your pizza and have a certain topping on only half of your pizza, they will still charge you as if you had that topping on your ENTIRE pizza. In other words, if mushrooms cost "X" amount of dollars as a topping for your whole pizza, they will still charge you "X" amount of dollars to get mushrooms on only half your pizza. Kinda lame.Inside decor was nice as well, with New York subway pictures and signs.Located up on the second floor in the Grand Canal Shoppes! You might have to ask around for directions, since it wasn't on the maps yet when I was there.
4	Grimaldi's has one of the best perks for your birthday!If you are on the email list, you will get an email a little before your birthday, which can be used before or after within a few days! It is essentially an $18 coupon for a large pizza! This essentially gets you a large one topping, or a large white with garlic, and you pay for additional toppings or anything else above and beyond!I enjoy Grimaldi's charcoal style ovens, which add a nice flavor to the super thin crust and toppings. The pepperoni and sausage combo was a bit on the greasy end, but a little grease is a good thing!  The white pizza is amazing, with chunks of garlic hiding in there!I'll be back at some point, but for sure next year for my birthday!
4	Great pizza. I am so glad I checked on yelp before coming in. Just a note,  it is quite expensive since menu contains basic cheese pizza and you need to add toppings one by one and each time it is a couple of dollars or even more. Ordered caprese salad, was not good, tomatoes didn't taste like tomatoes.But again, pizza is the king. It was awesome.Note: subscribe to their fan club get $5 off the bill.
5	It's a slice of heaven! Pizza heaven! I work in the hotel and get off pretty late but its nice to know there are a few places open to get good food at. Sure you got sushisamba but it gets pretty loud and there is grand lux but let's be honest that menu is the last thing i wanna read at the end of a long nite! If i wanted to read a novel, i'd read my harry potter books. So this place is simple and delicious. Our bartender was very patient and tentative to our every need...well to my friends every need and was he needy! We got a small pizza which was bigger than i expected! Its good for 2-3 people. We ordered the house salad which was soo good. They really made a simple salad taste scrumcious! It was one of the best house salads i've ever had. The ingredients on the pizza were fresh. Definitely a return visit soon!!!!
5	This place always impresses got red peppers on our pizza by mistake and they didn't charges us we loved it with the peppers and when it is that good I demanded to pay our waiter was outstanding great job Victor and the rest if the staff. I will keep coming back, this place is a class act.
3	I've heard great things about Grimaldi's when I stayed in NY but sadly never got the chance to try it out. When I saw there was a location in LV, I knew I had to check it out! First, the place is hard to find! It's all the way in the back corner of the Shops of the Palazzio. It's not a place you can stumble upon.. you have to go actively looking for it. We came for lunch on a Sunday and the place was empty. The atmosphere is great, space is ample and relatively clean-- great place for larger parties. The service was excellent. Our waitress was friendly and very thorough when taking our order. The pizza was ok, not as amazing as I expected it to be. The tomato sauce was watered down and the pizza crust was really soggy, making it really hard to eat. The calzones on the other hand were delicious-- stuffed with toppings w/ a side of marinara for dipping. Not sure if I'll be back, as it's not in the most convent location and the pizza is eh ok. I'm a huge pizza nut though, so if I don't find a better pizza joint on the strip, I'll be more than willing to give Grimaldi's a second try.
5	So, I went to Grimaldi's (DUMBO - BROOKLYN) in February 2013 after walking from Ground Zero all the way across the Brooklyn Bridge (I was hungry to say the least).  I'll spare you the details, but it was average at best - terrible service, tourist-trap kinda place.  Not horrible, but definitely not great.  Flash forward to July 2013 - Las Vegas.  I was looking for a killer pizza place in Vegas (staying at The Mirage) and decided to find it with a little help from my friends (yes, I saw LOVE and had Beatles music on my mind).  Yelp says, "Grimaldi's."  Hmmm, do I try the place at the Aria (Five50) or give Grimaldi's another shot?  The Yelp reviews for Grimaldi's were too good to dismiss (and it was just across the street at the Palazzo).  Okay Grimaldi's, don't let me down.  Let's get right to the details...very nice atmosphere, outstanding pizza and excellent service!  Our waiter, Victor was amazing!  He recommended the pie, served us with a smile, was efficient, professional and just a very nice person.  Oh yeah, the meatball, ricotta and sweet red pepper pizza was out of this world!  Dang, what an awesome pizza-eating experience!  Grimaldi's Las Vegas IS the pizza place on The Strip!  Thank you Grimaldi's AND Victor (you were awesome!)  Can't wait to get back and do another meatball pizza...
5	My wife and I were in Las Vegas last week. On Monday 22 July 2013, we found Grimaldi's using the Yelp app on my phone. Because of the reviews, we decided to try it. We were very satisfied with our experience. It was later at night (around 9 pm) and the place was still busy but we did not have to wait. The restaurant was very clean and well decorated. The salad and pizza were fantastic and the service was also great. We truly enjoyed our experience and were glad we found the place using Yelp. Prices were very reasonable. Highly recommended.
3	The pizza is really good. Not quite NYC good. But for Vegas, it was real good. It's located in the Palazzo, which was nice and convenient for us.I really want to give it 4 stars for the pizza. The service was slow. Our waiter never came to check on us until after the pizza arrived. It took long too, which was surprising considering how empty it was.In addition to subpar service, the bathroom was a hot mess. They need to keep it clean. It's in a fancy hotel and should not look like it belongs in the streets of Brooklyn.
4	Terrific....Definately New York Style pizza! Perfect density crust with a slight char. Tangy sauce. Slighty oily cheese and savory pepperoni.  We only had time for a quick pizza at the bar but will come back for more soon. The service was good and actually explained to us how Grimaldis Vegas replicates the NYC water they use to make dough in the Vegas restaurant. I know if I were staying in Palazzo or Venetian I'd be ordering alot of pizza to be brought up!
5	Amazing! JUST like the Manhatten location!
4	Ate here on vacation and was very very pleased with service and food. Salads were fresh and pizza was delicious. Really happy to find out that there is one of these in my home town and can't wait to try so stay tuned.....
1	I CAN'T WITH THIS PLACE our server was SO BAD. like not regular bad, like SO SO SO BAD. he brought out the wrong pizzas - TWICE - screwed up our bill - TWICE - was super slow - and still even after correcting him - we didn't get the pizza we wanted - we ended up just being like ok fine fine. the manager came over and said she was gonna take money off our bill... she refunded $2.00 but then that didn't even make sense b/c we were charged for toppings we did not get.... skip this nightmare.
4	Our server was very attentive, and not to mention good looking! Since it was our first time there, he told us some of the history of the restaurant (none of which I obviously remembered lol). We split a ceasar salad 4 ways (yummy). 3 of my friends split the big calzone (could easily feed 3 people) and I got a personal pizza. It was all delicious, was a fan of the thin crust!
5	Went there tonight for a less expensive dinner on the strip with the family.  Located in the beautiful Palazzo, Grimaldi's proved to be worthy of it's origins in Brooklyn.  We are from NYC, and I consider myself to be a pizza connoisseur.  I've been to the original under the Brooklyn Bridge many times.  This is easily the best pizza I've ever had outside of the NYC area.  Both the Grimaldi's and Caesar salads were excellent, nice selection of bottled and draft beers.  Then the pizza arrived, the plain cheese pizza and the white pizza were both above average with an nice thin crispy crust.  Aside from the food the service was outstanding.  Prompt, attentive, helpful, etc.  I will definitely plan on returning next time I'm on the strip.
3	It was good, but that's where it ends.  And no, I am not a New Yorker, and I don't think my pizza's s*** doesn't stink.  All I am saying is that it was good pizza and that is all I have to say.  I agree with a reviewer below ... the bathroom is terrible, and the service was ok.  Caesar salad was also ok, nothing spectacular.  I won't even mention what I want to say (which is that I can name a bunch of places back home that are better) because I will immediately get attacked by the zealots, but it's just my humble op.  :-)
3	I was a guest in the hotel and called down to place an order for pickup.  I went down at the appropriate time and they hadn't even put the order in yet.  They weren't busy and it still took an inordinate amount of time.  The pizza was good, but not great.  The water  in Las Vegas will never be what the water in NYC is, whatever they tell you about trying to recreate it, and therefore the dough and crust will never be the same.
5	This place is definitely going to be my go to pizza place when staying on the strip. Stopped by for a fun dinner on a bachelorette night out. Waiter was great.We shared the large pest pizza with pepperoni and spinach. Delicioso! Two slices of the pizza had cheese that melted off onto the other slices so they were crispy and essentially just bread. Someone came out and offered is a personal pizza or dessert as a replacement. We went with the personal pizza since we were filling up as we were ready to drink the might away. To top it off a group of guys sitting next to us gave us a bottle of wine.
5	Ahh!! Okay, so I'm a little sick of Pizza -- but I'm always down to try different places, especially in Vegas! Maribel T. took us here to meet up with her cousin and her husband. It was a Saturday night, luckily they weren't busy that we got seated right away. The pizza was huge, Maribel T., her sister and I shared a small which was plenty for 3 people to share. We added sausage, mushroom and pesto. It was so yummy and I love thin crust pizza. The slices are pretty big as well, eating one slice is actually eating two slices. I also loved their Mediterranean salad. Our waiter was good, he explained the menu well and the portions. Also, if you have a kid with you ask for pizza dough for the kids to play with. My nephew had too much fun with the dough. :)
4	When in Vegas, there's plenty of pizza places to choose from. I've had some pretty bomb pizza over the years, and I can honestly say that this is one of the best pizzas I've ever had. While I'm still not sure if it's better than Pop Up Pizza in Downtown (I have to do a side-by-side comparison one day), it definitely ranks up high on the best of Vegas list. Just a few minor hiccups. It was a bit pricey, and the wait was pretty long even though it wasn't too busy. Our server was very nice though. I'll definitely visit again next time I'm in Vegas.
4	My party of 4 ordered two 16" pizzas:- pepperoni, sausage, mushroom, and spinach (yum)- sun-dried tomatoe, onion, and mushroom (even more yum)This is the best pizza I have ever had, but I have never been to Chicago or New York or anywhere else that's known for pizza. But the cheese on these pizzas was super good and much better than the regular shredded cheese that is usually on pizza!!! Also I love thin crust!! Decor was cool because there were lights inside of beer bottles! I found that pretty unique .. Minus a star because the pizza was expensive and the service was extremely slow.. I think my party looked really young (newly turned 21 peeps!) and the restaurant people thought we were kids who wouldn't tip well so they served everyone else before us :-(
5	What a great find while I was walking around waiting to leave for my flight home!I had never heard of Grimaldi's before and I'm glad I stopped by.  I ordered the Mediterranean Salad and a small pizza.  I couldn't decide between two pies so the server suggested I do a half and half!  I thought that was awesome considering I was only getting a small pie.  I got half white pie with mushrooms and half red with meatballs.  I couldn't decide which side was better... both were absolutely amazing!  The pizza had perfectly crispy thin crust And to make deciding my favorite thing worse, the Mediterranean Salad was sooooooooooo good!  It was a huge salad and everything was just so fresh too.  YUM!
5	I grew up in Chicago so I am pretty picky about my pizza, but for a party of three we ordered one large pizza and an antipasti salad it it was the perfect amount of food and both were fantastic.
5	Best pizza I have ever eaten.  Really wanted to eat there twice on my trip to Vegas but never made it back.  I visit Vegas twice a year and make it a point to eat here.  The service was excellent.  I probably won't waste my time on a salad again and just eat more pizza!  There was nothing wrong with it just that it was nothing spectacular.
5	Yum, yum! Had a free large pizza for my birthday so my girlfriend and I stopped by this location for dinner since it was conveniently across the street from our Treasure Island hotel in the Palazzo.We were seated pretty quickly and our server Max, was pretty friendly.We ordered just a standard pepperoni pizza with a side Caesar salad. I usually prefer a good amount of sauce on my pizza, but the pizza still had good sauce, flavor, and crunch. Our salad was plenty and enough for 3 good servings between my girlfriend and I.I'm definitely coming back to TI, so you bet we're coming back for more pizza here :)
4	Nice pizza joint in the Palazzo. I wouldn't call it a little hole in the wall. It's pretty fancy looking for a simple pizza joint.I wasn't a fan of their white pie, but the standard red sauce pie, definitely tasty.
4	Ottima pizza margherita con ottima pasta e cottura. Prezzi medio-alti.
5	after my mediocre meal at hakkasan, we had grimaldi's for lunch.  i was probably still starving from my lack of dinner, and i inhaled the pizza here.  the crust is so good and nice and thin.  i tried a tomato pie and a white pie w/ anchovy.  the white pie was amazing, and i kept wanting to eat more.  if the original brooklyn location is even better than this, then i have to go on my next trip.
5	Some of the best pizza you will ever experience in Las Vegas. Two locations on the strip, but this is my favorite spot. Hot fresh made to order brick oven thin crust pizza with fresh mozzarella and all the topping that you want. You will not be disappointed! A must stop while in Vegas
5	The only time I felt like a winner in Vegas was at Grimaldi's.  We ordered a personal pizza and a personal calzone so we could try them both.  I'll put it  as simple as I can...if I could open a franchise in my basement I would.  The pizza was fantastic and the calzone was better.
3	I was surprised to find Grimaldi's Pizzaria when I walked in Palazzo from the Wynn. I had no idea they even had one in Vegas, so I was pretty excited to eat here since I loved their pizza when I had it New York.But, it wasn't the same :(.We ordered a small pizza to share for two people. I think the water they used really makes a difference in the dough, because it wasn't as good as what I had in NYC. The first slice was good, but after the pizza has been sitting there, it starts to get soggy and kinda gross at the bottom. It's in a nice location (it's inside the Palazzo hotel right by the entrance of the hotel where the connecting overpass for the Wynn and Palazzo is), and if you get seated in the back of the restaurant, you'd have a pretty nice view of the Wynn and Encore hotels outside.They also incorporated some of the NY touches with the brick walls and subway signs inside, but pizza is still not the same as the real deal.
5	If you're looking for a pizza place that is far above average, then this is the place to go. The pizza crust is perfectly crispy with the right amount of sauce and toppings. The toppings won't fall all over the place either. There's something special about the sauce, too. Overall, this is the best pizza I've had, and I'd drive or fly to Vegas just to have it again! If you're in Vegas and craving pizza, definitely try Grimaldi's.
5	Probably the best pizza I've ever had!! Can't wait to have it again.. It was so good I came here 3 times in a day (don't judge me) haha. I kept it OG with pepperoni and cheese, it's a thin crust pizza. Every bite is so crisp and tasty. It was on The Food Network for best pizza!! My girl and I love this place,, definitely something worth checking out!
5	Yes! Yes! Yes!! Anytime I'm in Vegas, I will stop at Grimaldi's! I came here based off pictures I saw my friend post of her meal. It looked yummy and I can tell you that it definitely is!!My hubby and my two little kids ate lunch here and thoroughly enjoyed it!We ordered a Small pizza with pepperoni, fresh garlic and fresh basil leaves...and them devoured it. The crust is crispy and delicious and the toppings are fresh. You can order toppings to be different on each quarter if you really wanted to try lots of toppings...but they charge regular price even if you are not getting it on the whole pizza, FYI. We also ordered a small house salad, which had a really yummy vinegarette  dressing. Our waitress was super nice. I think her name was Amy...Angie...? Like I said, anytime I'm in Vegas I will be stopping by!!
3	Man, after seeing all of these four and five star reviews, I feel like I must have really missed something.  I had heard of Grimaldi's and planned on trying them when I make it out to NY, but I was more than happy to check out their Palazzo location when our group of seven dropped in for lunch.  Legit NY pizza in Vegas?  Sure, why not?Unlike a lot of pizza restaurants, Grimaldi's menu doesn't include any preset combinations or house specials (though they also offer salads and calzones).  Instead, you first choose the size and sauce base you want (regular, white with garlic, and pesto), then add on whatever toppings you like.  With two dozen to choose from (ranging from $2-$5 each), the possibilities are nearly endless!After taking our server's recommendation for a small (it's perfect for two), my friend and I decided to share a Small White Pizza with Garlic ($16) and topped it with Italian Sausage (+$2), Mushrooms (+$2), and Green Peppers (+$2).  As far as taste goes, the pizza wasn't bad.  The toppings were decent and plentiful, and the white garlic sauce was solid.  Unfortunately though, I thought the crust/dough was disappointing.  While I liked how it was on the thin side, I wasn't a fan of the taste (somewhat bland) or the texture - neither doughy nor crispy and almost wafer like (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grimaldis-pizzeria-las-vegas-4?select=qXMjD_wj8bWP8TVUdoUpcQ#KxHxBodbVP3RZ6GHtw2fAw).In addition to our own, I also got to try a slice of my other friend's Personal Regular ($9) with Anchovies (+$2), Green Peppers (+$2), and Jalapeno (+$2).  The crust on his was slightly better, but the tomato sauce didn't do it for me (I generally prefer white sauce pizzas).  And while his mix of toppings may seem odd, they actually worked okay despite the anchovies being pretty salty (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grimaldis-pizzeria-las-vegas-4?select=qXMjD_wj8bWP8TVUdoUpcQ#79Jq5QbDxfeb3U5zJ8Gk9Q).Even though the pizza didn't do it for me, I can sort of see why Grimaldi's is so highly received.  Given their reputation, the Yelp reviews, and the apparent superiority of their original locations, I'll give Grimaldi's another chance when I'm in NY.  With lower expectations, perhaps their Brooklyn bridge location will do the trick.
4	THE PIZZA WAS PHENOMENAL. My brother, cousin and friend came out to Vegas to visit me and we spent over an hour looking for this place but it was totally worth it. I can think of nothing bad to say about this place other than the fact that the line was very long (probably due to the fact that the food was so great). I would go there again in a heartbeat and next time I'm at the Venitian you can count me in for the pizza and a beer. Go there if you want a taste of Italy!
4	Very casual pizzeria, great for groups and family. Nothing too complicated, just pick the size of your pizza, the toppings you like, and enjoy the pizza.My group ordered a large 18in. pizza with the following: Tomato sauce, parmesan cheese, kalamata olives, pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms, and roasted red peppers.The hearty topping provided great flavors to the pizza; while the thin crust provided a great crunchy texture.The way they baked the thin crust was well balanced. Portions of the crust were crunchy, while other portions were slightly softened by the moist topping.Overall, a great casual pizzeria that is more than able to fulfill one's pizza cravings.
4	Good crust and quality toppings...not bad at all.
5	This place was absolutely incredible. We came here for the free birthday pizza and we were so impressed. We also ordered a Cesar salad and it as well was extremely good. I LOVE pizza and this place was one of the best pizzas I've ever had. We only got pepperoni but it was huge for one thing, the cheese was great and everything about our experience was pleasant and delicious. Can't wait to go back for someone else's birthday!
5	The aroma of pizza from outside the Palazzo literally brought my husband and I in and upstairs. I'm so glad it did because this was hands down some of the best pizza I've EVER had! I consider myself a bit of a pizza critic, lol We had had the "secrect pizza" in Vegas the night before. All I can say is "what a joke"! Grimaldi's was so good and I can not wait to go back. Service was also great. The manager(I forgot his name) came over and told us the story of Grimaldi's. He was super nice and came back to see how we liked everything. I told him it was amazing and I promised him I would write this review because I was so impressed.
5	Pizza was so good..- Good crust/texture- Taste/Flavor was amazing- Waitress was so nice! Good is good is good. I don't really know how to describe pizza so I'll let my pictures do the talking this time. I want more ):
5	Our one "must stop" place in Vegas. No matter where we stay, we have to have a Grimaldi's pizza. This branch is right between our two favorite hotels, so...score!Perfect thin crust New York pizza. The wait staff has always been friendly and fun, and the food is worth a 3.5 hour drive. Get a basic pizza and stop with all the California crap. Ranch dressing for a pizza? Please. Good beer, good salad, excellent pie. What more do you need?
4	The pizza and service here were quite good.  No complaints on either.  Pricewise it was maybe a little high, but I wouldn't consider it outrageous.  If you want some sitdown pizza in Vegas, this is the joint.
5	One of the best pizza places I've ever tried. Absolutely amazing. Can't wait for the next Vegas trip when I can eat at this place again!
5	I think that was the best pizza I've ever had. The sauce was outstanding and the cheese is wonderful. I got a large with pepperoni, mushroom, onion. One of my favorite combinations. Also, go around 4-5 to get there before the crowds.
4	I don't regularly eat pizza/cheese (due to lactose intolerance) but this place I will eat again. Pizza was delicious, and a salad should definitely be ordered alongside. Dessert, though very tempting, is not worth the money.
5	I love this place.  Great thin crust pizza as good as it gets
4	This is my favorite pizza. Not just in Vegas, but my favorite pizza -- anywhere.  We always ask for the crust "well done".  Every time I'm in Vegas, I try to go *at least* nce.I only wish they would open up a location in the Bay Area!
5	This is a must stop in Vegas. Had Grimaldis in Brooklyn and Hoboken and this spot is great coz there are no lines and better interiors with the same delicious pizza! You can't go wrong with Grimaldis. Caesar salad, pepperoni pizza and a good red!!! Wish I made room for dessert!
5	Everyone talks about the damn Secret Pizza place in Cosmopolitan, but this is Las Vegas' real secret pizza.   The original Grimaldi's is found right by the Brooklyn Bridge in New York.  In America's pizza capital, it was my favorite slice of pizza.  Grimaldi's is known for their spongy sweet crust from their coal ovens.  They also have some great tomato sauce.  They have 5 locations in Las Vegas.  Of the 3 locations I've been to, this yielded the best pizza.The other reason to come here is that it's high quality food for a cheap price.  I got a nice glass of Peroni beer for $5 and my personal Pizza for $10.I love to get my pizza with basil, garlic, and tomato.  You don't need anything else.  It's so good.
4	Late night on the strip...munching, cheese pizza was delishhhh & pepperoni n peppercini yummy in my tummy. Decor is decent pizza parlor vibe,bathrooms was questionable.
5	I've been to the one at Brooklyn and the one at jersey. Unjust glad they have one near the west now. Service was great, pizza was awesome! Ambience was better than Brooklyn and New Jersey.. I'll be back! I'd go to Vegas just to eat here
2	I wanted to like the pizza here, but was disappointed. The pizza came out slightly cold and with extremely thick, chewy cheese. The rest of the ingredients were good, but I could not get past the hard, thick, chewy cheese. I actually had to pick off the cheese and eat just the rest of the pizza. I order the white pizza without tomato sauce.
2	The pizza was bad. The problem begins with ordering. The menu gives a few choice of sauce plus a lot of topping. It does not offer any guidance how to create a good pizza. A few signature pizza on the menu would be a welcomes improvement. The price adds up quickly with multiple toppings.   I would recommend any fast food joints over this place.
1	This review is a bit dated but I'll just share my experience and let others decide. Walking around in the Palazzo many moons ago my girlfriend and I came across Grimaldi's and it just so happened to be their opening night. We ordered a pizza (no surprise). The pizza was brought out (no surprise), we began to eat the pizza (no surprise), the pizza as not fully cook and the dough was partially still raw (big surprise). A gentlemen comes to our table and asks us how our pizza as; we inform him the pizza was still raw and not fully cooked. He apologizes as he just happened to be the owner (surprise). We pass on ordering any other menu items to replace the raw pizza. The bill comes to the table and we are charged for the raw pizza (big surprise). So the owner is present and sees the raw pizza and still charges us? Absolute last time I ever visited this establishment.
1	bad
5	All I must say is how I yearn for this pizza now. Now I've ate many of New York style pizzas. And I prefer NYC pizza over Chicago, Neapolitan, etc. But Grimaldi's Pizza left such an impact on my taste buds. It was a combination of the fresh sauce, fresh ricotta, tomato and basil. The sauce especially... It wasn't heavy and pasty, it was fresh, tomato-ie and light. The coal fired pie was thin but cooked to perfection. But the sauce! It totally made the pizza. The only drawback was my wife and I ordered a small to share... And I wanted more Please come to the San Gabriel Valley- Ca!
5	I lived In New York for 2 years and ate a ton of pizza and this was just as good.  I was skeptical at first but after eating pie with my buddies we were impressed.  I wanted to go another time before we left but ran out of time.
5	I was in NYC about a year ago and went to Lombardi's in little Italy. There I had the best pizza I have ever had. Since then I have been trying pizza everywhere I can near where I live in Southern California. I had yet to find anything good, or at least comparable to What I experienced in NYC. Enter Grimaldi's. Another coal fired oven pizza. I had hopes. It was a restaurant from the famed Grimaldis that is still sitting next the Brooklyn bridge. And guess what, this hit the mark. This is damn close to Lombardis, the second best pizza of my life, and a very close send at that. This place is amazing, great atmosphere, great food; the pizza, thin, crispy crust, sweet light sauce, fresh mozzarella, what else could you want?  Tried the Cannolis and they are not bad either. Overall, if you want a great New York Pizza without the commute f going cross country, this is it.
3	Call me crazy... there's something about waiting on the sidewalk for 45 minutes to an hour to have this pie in Brooklyn that just makes it taste different than walking into a virtually empty Grimaldi's in the Palazzo around 11P on a Saturday evening. The Caesar salad was tasty and our sausage and pepperoni pizza was good but it just wasn't the same as enjoying this pizza in NY. I had a couple slices and was fine to box up the rest to bring with us. Something I would never do in NY, I'd polish the entire thing off and maybe order one for the road.I was super stoked to see they had opened in Vegas and it's a fantastic dining option as they are open until 2A but noticeably different than their NY locations.
5	What a great NY style pizza in Vegas! Bro and I ordered a large with meatball and Italian sausage toppings and it was a great deal, because it was reasonably priced, delicious, and simply the best tasting crust I have had. Slightly burnt, it was the perfect crispiness. Balanced tomato and cheese flavors, meaning not oversauced. Meat toppings are also properly seasoned. Adding parmesan and pepper flakes only made it better. I am sold. The soda at $2.50 free refills means this place is honest and not out to rip you off. So value, taste, great service earns this place 5 stars. I don't give out too many 5 stars.
4	Great service! They even give children a little bit of dough and a pizza pan to play with!2 small pizzas and a large salad was more than enough for 4 people and a toddler. Get the white pizza with sausage (not your average sausage!) Also, the the pepperoni is very thick and authentic and the red sauce has chunks of chopped garlic.Yum!!
4	Best cheese pizza I've ever had in my life. Decent caesar salad and tiramisu.
3	A NYC establishment in Vegas? Sounds familiar. There have been lots of different well known restaurants from all over setting up shop in Vegas. It's like the trendy thing to do now. But anyways having eaten at the OG Grimaldis in New York, I didn't have high expectations that it would nearly as good. It was semi busy for dinner so we just got a large pie to go. They don't offer any of the normal combos like pepperoni or meat lovers or veggie. It's all customizable pizzas or al la carte with you choosing the size and whatever toppings you want. There were 4 of us and we got a large as it's only 2 bucks more than a medium. There were about 10 huge slices so I think it's perfect for a group of 5. We had regular pizza with tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese (included) with mushrooms, sausage and pepperoni (extra). They said about 15-20 minutes but I believe we waited more like half an hour. Lame, could've walked around more versus waiting in front. But the pizza was hot and delicious. The cheese tasted fresh and was super gooey and each slice had lots of each of the toppings. Again, not as good as what I remember from NY but it hit the spot and it wasn't super pricey - pretty much on spot with what I paid on the east coast.
4	I have not yet been to New York but if the pizzas taste like this, it's delicious !!!! This place is beautiful inside and out. The servers are extremely friendly. The small pizza is enough for two. You sort of get to build your own pizza, pick the toppings of your choice. I had pepperoni, mushroom, bell pepper, meatball, and black olives on my pizza. I like how the pizza was thin crust, those are the best plus the pepperonis are small. Two draft beers selected off the menu, Fat Tire and Blue Moon. I'd definitely come back again for the pizza !!!!
5	I've eaten at the original location on Front Street a couple of times, and this is just as good. I went to the one at the Fashion Show shopping center. Nice spot with big airy dining area and open kitchen. Great staff and still one of the best pizza's I have anywhere in the country. Found out from the server, they treat the water to add minerals to mimic the water used for the dough in NYC. If you have never had coal fire pizza, you really need too. The ovens are even hotter than wood fire and that results in an even better dough. They make pizza the correct way, without too much cheese and a balanced sauce (not too sweet). If you need your real NYC pizza fix, you can't do better in Las Vegas. Definitely worth going out of the way for if you are craving great pizza.
4	I am not a big pizza fan.  I don't like anything with tomatoes or tomato based sauce, including pizza.  However, Grimaldi's has made me rethink my opinion on pizza.  My husband, mother in law & I decided to try Grimaldi's after walking around the Palazzo in starvation.  It was the only restaurant without an hour wait, so pizza it was.  Our first time there, I got a calzone (the size of my head, by the way) & it was delicious.  My husband & his mother shared a buffalo chicken pizza and said it was one of the best pizzas they've ever had.  We also downed a pitcher of strong sangria.  That was fun.  During our next visit a few weeks later, I got a thin crust pepperoni pizza & ate the whole thing by myself!  We, of course, had more sangria.Grimaldi's is now our go-to place when we need a pizza fix.  The only downfall is that it's so far away from our house!  We only ever go when we are headed near the strip.  I saw recently that another location opened in Tivoli Village, so we will have to check that one out too!
5	I love you. I think about you when you're not with me. I wish you could be next door to me.
5	Without a doubt the very best thin crust pizza I've ever had. We shared a pie with meatballs(an undeniable must topping here) pepperoni and roasted red peppers. The sauce to crust ratio is just perfect as is the crunchiness of the crust as well. Just flawless. The Caesar salad wasn't a bad way to start off either. Just go. Now.
5	Loved it. Dinner for my date and I was delicious large pizza with pesto, mozz cheese, generous amounts of sausage and meatball. Their large is plenty for two people. It was four average sized slices for each of us. VERY FLAVORFUL! For a nice dine-in restaurant inside the Pallazo, our dinner only totalled to $23 with tax. Amazing food, service and location. I will probably come back every time I visit Vegas. :)
5	Great New York style pizza, best pizza I've had in a long time. We ordered a small pepperoni pizza to split between the two of us (about 3 slices each) it was very filling and so good I wanted to go back the next day for more! Our served was a little pushy with trying to get us to order salads or cheesecake with our pizza, but over all the atmosphere was casual yet intimate in a way great pizza for the price! MUST TRY
4	Food was delicious! 5stars for their pizzas.  3 star service.  Slow and forgettful...I don't think its the waiters fault...looked like they were understaffed today. Maybe bc od holiday season. We got the white garlic 16''pizza with pepperoni,  italian sausage,  basil, tomatoes.  I shared with my husband...we both loved it and its plenty for two people to share. Mediterranean salad was great too.
3	Never had Grimaldi's in Brooklyn.But this location at the Palazzo is good but not great.My wife and I preferred the pizza we had at Lombardi's in NYC.The sauce was a little bland.We ordered a cheese and a margherita pizza.  We thought that we would be a true test if it is good NY pizza.It failed.  We normally don't order pepperoni or any other salty meats but their pizza will probably taste better with a salty meat to offset the blandness of the salt.Thought the crust was decent.And the service was awesome.
4	I went with the family the pizza was good it would have been a five if it had more toppings but overall it was a good place to go.
1	What. The. F*ck...Am I losing my mind or has the whole world gone mad? We make stupid people famous. E.g kim kardashian, Miley cyrus or whoever the flavor of the week is. Stop making stupid people famous!  And stop over hyping bullsh*t food! This is the furthest thing from good pizza. If this good pizza then I'm the Pope who's having a really and day.Im going to admit that I am stupid. I keep falling for the hype and I'm constantly getting punished with bad food.I've given up on trying to find good pizza in CA. Many of my friends said that Grimaldi's the shiz but it's in vegas. You know that saying about whatever happens in vegas? This pizza should never leave vegas. Grimaldi's, stay put because your pizza is fraudulent. You do not serve "NYC style pizza", you serve a sub par version of the same thing I can get at a pieology franchise and it's waaaaaaay less expensive. Pieology also labels their pizza properly. Grimaldi's, you serve neopolitan style and you do it poorly.Once the pizza arrived at our table, just looking at it, I was already disappointed. It was burnt, not browned. The sauce looked like it just came straight out of a BPA lined can. When i took my first bite, I noticed that it was under seasoned and that blaring red sauce was way too acidic. Have these cooks ever heard of using sugar to cut down on the acid? WTF, this is amateur sh*t people! This is pizza sauce 101. I made a better pizza with a boboli crust when I was a kid and I didn't even know what the f*ck I was doing back then.Also, I have never had a pizza turn my hands black. Yes, my hands were black. (See napkin picture)This place is a bust. Over priced. Over hyped. The odds will be against you. The "pizza" only lives up to the first part of its namesake, "Grim".
4	Some might say pizza is the best gift from Italy... according to me.Grimalid's makes some good pizza.. i love pizza restaurants that let you customize your flavors and toppings and grimaldi's does it right.i am a meat eater so of course i added meatballs.. jalapenos are good if you love the spice and kick.. next time i will be more adventurous and try the other sauce bases and get crazy!. their house wine is a good price and tastes delicious
5	It must be the NY water because for some reason, the pizza here tastes better than anywhere else I've had. I have eaten here twice already and both times, the food and service have been great. On both times, we custom-made our own pizzas. You can opt for half toppings as well in case you plan to share with other people. A large pizza is enough to feed a party of 4. I have had the caprese salad both time with fresh, bright red tomatos and delicious mozzarella cheese. The spinach salad was also good when I tried it my recent visit. I have not had to wait for a table as of yet. Their desserts I have heard many good things about but have not tried. The pizza and salad makes me full enough. The restaurant is located inside Palazzo by the shoppes. Will see me dining here more often
1	Ate  there last night. Soggy crust ;(very little sausage or cheese ;( and basically worse than  frozen pizza in my opinion!!  And 100$ for 4 of us;(.  Go to Pizza Hut or call dominoes!
5	This restaurant has THE best pizza I have ever had! My husband and I came here for a date night and ordered a half and half large pizza (leaving us with leftovers - but we're not super big eaters) and a large (meaning GIANT) delicious Caesar salad for us to split, and I ordered a crisp red sangria. The pizza has a perfect puff pastry taste that is light and fluffy. The mozzarella and tomato tastes so fresh and authentic, not like the shredded and canned stuff that is so prevalent. The manager even stopped by to ask how everything was tasting. The waitress went out of her way to help us. The ambiance is relaxing with vintage type Edison bulb chandeliers, calming music, and authentic Italian furnishings. We are very pleased with our experience.
5	Really enjoyed this place. We came here after a late night show on Christmas Eve and they took our order even they were to close within 5 minutes! Needless to say the service was amazing (we where served by Victor) and the food was really good. My only negative would be the ham topping for the pizza was a bit thick and salty, nonetheless it does not take away from the quality of the food, service and drinks. Would definitely come again! Also it is easy to find
5	This place is something of a hidden gem with a lot going for it and definitely worth a try if you are staying nearby and in the mood for pizza.  I think the pizza here is very good.  Authenticity is something I'll leave t the experts to debate.   They do not serve slices here, but they do make an individual pizza for about $9.00 that's big enough for two if neither is super hungry.  Regardless of the size, you can select from a lengthy list of toppings - some traditional ones and some fussier ones if you're wanting to get your gourmet on.  In addition to pizza, they also have starter and entree salads.  I had a starter spinach salad for about $8.00 that was quite good if perhaps a little heavy on the dressing.  Believe me, the starter salads are very generously portioned, and two could easily split one, especially if you are getting pizza, too.  The service was excellent.  It's also a comfortable restaurant with a stylish decor and a chill vibe.  My buddy and I walked over from the Wynn, and we both thought it was worth the stroll to get there.Bottom line:  a nice place to eat with good food, excellent service, and very reasonable prices.
5	We shared a small caesar salad and a personal size pizza with sausage, mushrooms, and sundried tomatoes with red sauce. It was a perfect lunch for 2 people. The staff was awesome and the food was well worth the price.
4	I really was expecting for this Grimaldi's location to fall way short. I have high expectations when it comes to Grimaldi's pizza. I was pleasantly surprised and impressed though! The staff was efficient, the ambiance was touristy but fun, the food was served quickly, and the prices were as expected. There isn't much fuss happening over the food here - just good pizza served quickly and hot. The caesar salad was good too! I was surprised that this location was pretty dead every time we walked by. I hope it stays in business for a long time. Damn fine pizza on the Strip, highly recommended!
5	Tucked in the back/upstairs part of the Palazzo, this is a can't miss for pizza lovers. It is a bit different than it's original big brother in Brooklyn, but the ingredients taste just as quality.
5	5 star service from Ross even at 2am. His service was way better than what I've received at some super fancy restaurants!
5	Pizza was fantastic! This is a hidden treasure near the Shops at Palazzo. This is NOT food court grade pizza. This is nice coal fired thin pizza. Grabbed a couple salads to keep from feeling quite as guilty. They were good salads for the money but I recommend passing on them and saving room for a pizza. We got one large for three men and it was plenty. There were 8 slices so one guy gets screwed and only gets two pieces so make sure to eat fast! If you are the unlucky one don't worry. There are plenty of good desserts on the menu to top you off. We got the cheesecake which was very delicious. Service was fast and courteous. This is very great choice if you are looking for casual lunch while in the Palazzo or Venetian.
4	Great service and solid pizza. The big question - does it compare to Brooklyn?  Almost. I remember the original being even thinner and more piping hot. Good though
4	We came here with 30 ppl on a Saturday night after a soccer game. They were great about keeping separate bills for each family. The pizza was nice and thin. Good quality toppings. FYI the antipasti salad isn't really a salad but a plate of antipasti with bread. Only drawback would be how long it took for them to bring out the food. Good stuff!
4	This is the 2nd Grimaldi's ive been to (1st was the original in Brooklyn).  I consider myself a pizza snob having had the best ny slices at Lombardi's when I used to live in Manhattan. The crust here is done right. They bake it in a coal oven just like the east coast. Although not environmentally friendly, it brings out the crisp char (but still maintaining the chewiness)  I thought the sauce was zesty and delicious but very stingy with the toppings! How dare you charge $2 for spinach but put in like 2 leaves in there. Also not a fan of the pepperoni as it was too salty. The service was extremely slow and we sat there for 30 minutes before our waiter told us that they ran out of sausage. Would I go back though? Yes! As it's very hard to get a good slice on the west coast and Grimaldi's still holds true to their roots.
4	This is the second grimaldis I've been to (the first was in NY) and I was just as happy with this one and the original! The pizza was bigger than expected and delicious! The waiters were good, although he came off as a little lazy since he refused to help us split the check since we had a huge party (15 people) but whatever we ended up using a $50 Amex giftcard that palazzo gave us and splitting the check evenly. Overall a good experience if you're staying in the palazzo or venetian! Viva Las Vegas :')
4	The pizza was really good and the atmosphere was great for a casual dinner. The ingredients tasted really fresh and the service was pleasant.
4	Yay!! I finally got to try this place after seeing the original place in New York on all the travel and foodie shows!! I was excited to find out that there was a location on the west coast!!Pizza here is a bit more pricey, but it is yummy. A personal 12 inch pizza is $9 and toppings are $2 each... and it doesn't matter what size you get! So for a small pizza, you don't get as much value with toppings. I had a personal with pepperoni and mushrooms which is $13 and $14 with tax. Not bad and it satisfied me. Pizza is thin crust and oven baked. Very light and tasty. Since the pizza is thin, a personal will fill up a hungry person, if you are not too hungry, then it might be good for 2 people. I had left overs and ate it the next morning in my room and it still tasted good!!The only thing I didn't like was that you can't charge to your room!! I was staying at the Venetian and I wanted my points!! Also, this is located on the Palazzo side of the shopping upstairs, like the end on the Palazzo side, so if you are staying at the Venetian, or like me in the Venezia tower, it can be a bit of a walk!
5	Best pizza we've had in a long time! We ordered a small pizza with meatballs, and the amount of food was perfect for the two of us. Cheesecake is a must if you have room for dessert :)
5	As this is one of my favorite meals in New York every time I visit, when I saw this on this side of the country (and just discovered another one opening in El Segundo later this year!!), I HAD to go. The waitress said that everything is the exact same as the one in Brooklyn, even down to the water they use for the dough.So you customize your own pizza and can make it a personal size or share with others. For 2 ppl, the large (18" for $16 + $2-4 per topping) is a pretty good size that gives you 6-8 slices. All I can say is GET THE RICOTTA CHEESE. Seriously.The waitress also highly recommended the new amaretto cheesecake as well... good luck trying to save stomach room for that!Thus my review of the original Brooklyn location holds the same for this location (except for the 45 min wait since this location is much bigger):http://www.yelp.com/biz/grimaldis-brooklyn#hrid:Q_ExojPX-KbgJvNS1Bnujw1 Front StBrooklyn, NY 11201(718) 858-4300 11/28/2009"The best New York pizza I've ever had! Being a California girl, I've still managed to make my way to Grimaldi's twice this year and even waited in the 45 minute long line to get into the door. The wait was definitely worth the fresh, doughy, thin crusted pizza with an array of toppings to delight your taste buds. I think the first time I went, we ordered mushrooms, sun dried tomatoes, and ricotta on our pizza. The second time we ordered basil, sun dried tomatoes, and sausage. Both times the pizza wasn't too oily or too cheesy, and the chewy sun dried tomatoes gave the texture an extra kick. And despite my friends and I eating the entire large pizza, we still walked out without the bloated, heavy feeling. Excellent."
4	Date of visit: Sunday, February 2, 2014.Server: AnthonyAfter being let down by the pizza offered by NY/NY, I used Yelp to find a good pizza place near our hotel and found Grimaldi's. I've never been to New York, but I can imagine that this is as close as you can get to legitimate, NY pizza on the west coast.The crust is thin and blackened by the coal used to cook it. I chose the personal pizza with ricotta cheese and mushrooms. It was DE. LI. CIOUS. If you and another person aren't too terribly hungry, a personal size is enough to share.I also tried the Caesar salad. Our server told us that the "small" portion is meant for 2 and the "large" portion is meant for 4.I REALLY don't like the ordering options, which is why I took away one star. All pizzas come with only sauce and cheese, and each topping is an additional cost. The price per topping is the same no matter what size pizza you get, and they charge the full amount even if you only want it on half of the pizza. If you're like me and like a lot of veggies, you could have one very expensive little pizza.I would go back because the pizza was AMAZING, but I wish the topping situation could be more flexible.
5	This review is for Grimaldi's in general. Having been to the original Brooklyn location, having Grimaldi's within a two hour drive always calls for a visit every time we're in the Las Vegas area.       Since we discovered that Grimaldi's is here in Vegas, we've been to three of the four locations and have not been disappointed with the food or the service.      The pizza is as close as to what I remembered in New York. Like any pizza place, choose your favorites but definitely try the white with garlic pizza n your choice of toppings. Ricotta cheese is also a must.     If you're a thin crust lover, you'll love Grimaldi's.
2	Expensive and a total burn. I ordered a large 5 topping pizza look at my pic and you will see what I got. A total burn the server avoided us at all costs the wife was tired I was done so we payed our bill and left thought my picture would say it all. We got a 10 dollar Bowl of lettuce, 2 drinks, and the 5 topping pizza bill was 60 dollars guess the casino is not the only place you get screwed
2	Went to Otto near the gondolas and then later here. Both places we ordered the exact same pizza, margarita with extra basil. The pizza at Otto was much much better. Grimalidi is a decent pie but just doesn't have the authentic Italian magic which Otto has. The crust was doughy and dry, the cheese tasteless and clumpy, the sauce was fine. Lastly, the ambiance at Otto is much better than Grimaldi.Prices are the same at both places, so no reason not to check out Otto
4	Having been to the NYC Grimaldi's on several occasion, I visited the Palazzo location with low expectations. To my surprise, it was awesome and make no  mistake, this was a tough crowd! Group of 10, many of which were native Sicilians living in Yonkers. Five pizza and a couple of antipasto and although the last pizza took a while, they pulled it off with respect. Well played.
3	Grimaldi's in Vegas is like everything else in Vegas... a pretty decent copy, but you can't help but know it's a copy. it's the best pizza i've had in Vegas to date, but that is not saying much, and it's a far cry from the real grimaldi's in brooklyn.the crust doesn't quite taste the same as the one in NYC, and also does not have quite the same combination of crisp and chew that I would expect. I asked them if it was the water, but they claim they have a mineralologist (sp?) that matches their water to exactly the same as NYC tap. i don't quite believe it.
5	Superb pizza and great passion fruit ice tea. Good price too! I loved the pesto red sauce and basil and tomato and mozzarella pizza I had. Great cannoli for desert as well as awesome cappuccino. Will go again!
4	Service was spot on, food was killer, and the overall vibe was super nice. I'd go again, and again.
4	Heard about this place from friends, so gave it a shot. Its in the Palazzo upstairs by the shops.Service was great, fast - got our salad out quick. The pizza (pepperoni, mushrooms and spinach) was very good. Baked perfect - crisp on the bottom. Cheese and sauce were great. Got the tiramisu for dessert and it was phenomenal. My wife got the Girl Scout cookie cheesecake and it was very creamy - topped off with a cup of cappuccino and it was a perfect lunch. Reasonable prices as well. Give it a try!
5	Wowza!!! This place is amazing...The pizza is super delish. Husband and I shared a small pizza with two toppings. $18 bucks. And we still had two slices left. A small is more like a medium. I am excited they opened one in Los Angeles. I found my new pizza joint :)
4	The waiter said it was the best Pizza in Vegas. Well, I've only had pizza from here and Pizza Hut so I can't call him a liar.Pizza was good.  It was freshly made and we had pesto on ours (which was a good choice.)   We had a bottle of red that went well with the pie and I called it a good evening.
4	I think this is my new go-to place for cheap eats when I'm in vegas. The food here is delicious and the price is perfect. We got a pizza, salad, appetizer, and drinks for less than $20/person. Where else can you get that much food for that price when dining on the strip? The great thing is that you can also build your own pizza. Service here was a bit slow at times, but our server was great when he was actually tending to our table. Definitely going back.
5	This peperoni pizza was so amazing I went back the following day for another pie! Worth every penny!!! Amazing
5	I have been a Grimaldi's fan since I discovered it in Dallas a few years ago.  Especially love this location.  Friendly staff and managers!Pizza is not your norm.  Very tasty.  The Cesar salad is the best.
4	My husband begged me to come here so I finally agreed and I must say, it's pretty good. Maybe the top 5 pizza places I've been to. I hate that they don't have appetizers or many pizzas to choose from. It's a very simple menu with only pizza and salad.
5	Excellent food, excellent service, excellent atmosphere. Had the house salad (very tasty) and a pepperoni pizza with extra mozzarella. Sweet waitress was from Italy. Great meal; we'll be back.
2	The service was atrocious. While the pizza was indeed pretty good I couldn't believe how awful the service was. There was attitude from the hostess to the server to the busser. I'm a frequent flyer to vegas and I've never really had service that was as bad as this place.  The server forgot a topping for my friends pizza and disappeared for 30 mins. We had to ask for the check, then asked for them to take our payment. Maybe it was an off day but wow I expected better. I will stick with grand lux for a casual meal if I'm at the palazzo
4	We enjoyed the pizza here.  Lovely, crispy coal oven, crust and good flavor.  We got simple pepperoni and cheese and it was good enough that between 2 of us we at a whole large in one sitting.  I should really be embarrassed but I'm not.  I also had a greek salad and the ingredients were fresh so I enjoyed it as well.Our server was very friendly.
3	The pizza is great. The service is okay, at times annoying. They ignored us while carrying on a personal conversation right next to our table on 3 separate occasions. I happen to really enjoy the pizza so I put up with it. I wish they would get on board with the ability to charge your meal to your room.
4	I had the personal size pizza with meatball, it was tasty.Service was quick and friendly.
5	I am very picky about my pizza! Most are good while they are piping hot but once they cool down.. yuck! This pizza has got to be one of the best I've ever had. If you like a thinner crust you have to try this place! I don't know why more places don't offer ricotta as a pizza topping. It is amazing! It's somewhat the texture of goat cheese with out the funky after taste. White, red, pesto.. all of the combinations are delicious!
3	Fashion Show Mall location. The food was good and priced well. You pay per topping on the pizza and the toppings are different prices. Pesto pizza with artichokes,  red peppers, olives,  and sliced meatballs. Would be a 4 Star but the service wasn't good. We did a lot of waiting around for our server.
5	Great Pizza and service. It's a unique pizza coal ovens with unique taste. The ingredients are top class so are there pizzas. If you have time this is definitely a place you need to try.
5	Pizza was fantastic! Wine was wonderful and small salad was great and not small. Going back before our trip is over!
3	Doesn't live up to the hype.  I have had better pizza elsewhere. Bottom line, I wouldn't come here again.
5	Another great experience!! We have one day left in Vegas and we might have to have another pizza from Grimaldi's!!
5	for a chain, this place is legit.  I ate 3 out of 4 nights I was in Vegas.  Pizza is consistent and very good.  the sauce and crust is on point.
5	Nice place.  Friendly and helpful staff.  And the pizza...well, it was excellent.  We had soft drink and beer, Caesar salad and pizza.  Was the best meal we had in Vegas (and, at the same time, one of the cheapest)
3	I have been to Grimaldi's in NYC and fell in love with their pizzas. As soon as we found out that Palazzo has a Grimaldi's location, how we could not eat their pizzas when in Vegas? There is both indoor and outdoor seating area and we sat outdoors. Ordered a garlic white small pizza with mushrooms and pepperoni. My husband and I split the pizza and it was sufficient for the both of us.The pizza seemed to be too greasy. As we dug out the last few slices, I noticed that the crust had gotten soggy because of the amount of oil on the pizza plate. We liked the pizzas here, but didn't love it
3	As a New Yorker, I can firmly say it ain't the original Grimaldi's. It is definitely a great location for those staying in the Venetian or the Palazzo, but the place lacks character and is uninspired. The pizza is just fine, especially if you're having a craving for it. However, it could and should be better than it is.
4	I'm not sure if it's the ambiance or the lack of excitement that removed a star. We've been to the one under the Brooklyn bridge where we waited 2 hours to get a seat, in the hot July heat at the concrete jungle that is New York. Coming here, the place wasn't packed. It took awhile to walk around and try to find it in the Palazzo when the Palazzo isn't typically a place we would stop in for. We got seated on the deck area facing the hallways. We watched a guy passed out and security trying to get him to move. He was clearly intoxicated and on a few other stuff. It was amusing to watch while we wait for our pizza. We shared an extra large pizza with basil, their buffalo mozzarella and some pepperonis. It was delicious but I guess the fact that it wasn't in NY had something to do with it to deflate my excitement a bit. The waitress had a strong italian accent that really appealed to my father-in-law (who is Italian). We've been dying to try this place in Vegas so craving fulfilled!
1	After waiting at the bar for ten minutes without even an acknowledgement from the bartender who was arguing with a waitress over her personal order, I walked out.  As I did, the hostess just smiled.  And it was only me and another person at the bar.  Will not go back to this location.
5	Are you kidding me!? We come from the land of pizza in the California bay area (of course we'll get arguments on that from Chicago and New York) but this place is simply the best. What they do with ricotta cheese on a pizza is amazingly delicious! And, if you're lucky enough to get a great waiter like we did in J.P., it makes the meal just that much better. My only regret is that I only make it to Vegas once or twice a year so I might just have to campaign for a Grimaldi's  in the bay area.
5	My wife and I were first introduced to Grimaldi's pizza in Brooklyn. I'd say it was one of the top five pizza experiences of my life, so when we heard about  a Grimaldi's in Vegas we knew we couldn't miss it. We walked for a good hour down the strip so we could check it out. We were a little skeptical at first, thinking it would be similar but not as good. Boy was I wrong. They ship the water out from NY to recreate the same experience. SO worth it. Do not miss this place if you find yourself near the Palazzo!
5	We were visiting Vegas and found this place on Yelp. Went there on Friday night and found a packed house with little waiting was was great. Let me make it ease. Best Pizza I have ever had (I used to own a pizza place)Very good servicePrices were very reasonable for what you get. PIZZA WAS AWESOME.
5	Best pizza I have ever had.
5	Continuing with my belated Vegas reviews... we stopped at Grimaldi's after chatting with some people carrying pizza boxes. They were raving about this place and we were looking for a good place to grab a bite in the Venetian, so we went. We ordered a white pizza with artichoke hearts, jalapenos, spicy chicken sausage and onions. Each topping was an additional cost (there was no such option for 1 or 2 free toppings plus extra for any additional) so the pizza was a bit pricey but DAMN IT WAS GOOD. Well, it was a tad spicy for me so I had to pick off some of the jalapeno slices but mmm. The crust was light and airy and the combination of all the toppings was perfect. I don't normally go for white pizzas but I just may in the future.Service was fast, which us five hungry girls very much appreciated.
4	This location is conveniently placed inside the Palazzo on the second floor, by all the other restaurants and shops. This is the only Grimaldi's I've been to, so I can only speak for this location, but I enjoy the environment of this Grimaldi's.My family and I were seated quickly and greeted friendly by the server. Unlike other pizza places like Sammy's Woodfire Pizza, they only serve pizza and salads, there are no other entrees, so be forewarned. I'm always a big fan of the normal pizzas, but they do have a white pizza that I heard was delicious as well. You order whatever additional toppings you want on your pizza for a certain price per topping on the whole or half of the pizza, adding each topping is the same price for both. In my opinion, the toppings could be a little cheaper since you are paying upwards of $18 for a large pizza and you can easily throw on three toppings and pay $25 for a pizza. The pizza itself is quite delicious though, so it's a nice treat once in a while. The pizzas are thin and can easily fall once you pick it up, so if you need to, use two hands or cut up the beginning portion with a fork until you get about halfway, where it is safe to pick up without falling. Our server that we had was really nice and was helpful to us to make our experience complete and amazing. This wouldn't be my everyday place to eat pizza, but this is a nice place to eat at every once I a while.
5	we were craving for pizza after a day of drinking and I have to say this pizza was definitely a lot better then expected. we ordered 2 large pizzas for 5 people. one w pepperroni and Italian sausage. and the other grilled chicken w mushroom. they were both really good. delicious. the crust was kinda thin so I was scared all the toppings would fall off but they we're able to stay on. the crust wasn't flimsy and soggy. it was just right. I was very satisfied. we only had to wait about 15-20 min for the order. not very long. the service we received from the bartender and waitresses was exceptional. they give you plates pepper and cheese but you need to ask for it. I would definitely recommend this place if you're in Vegas and simply craving some pizza. you won't be disappointed!!!
5	Always fresh hot pizza.  We love this place.  Always our first choice.  Just the pepperoni and salad every time.  Great service.
5	This place was awesome. It's hard to find good pizza here in Las Vegas, but now that I found this place I am gonna call it pizza home:-) Check out the Margarita pizza, excellent!!!
1	I rarely write reviews.  But this deserves mention.I expect a renowned and highly regarded place such as Grimaldi's to be superb in all respects, especially being located in a place such as The Palazzo.Our large thin New York style meatball, mushroom and fresh garlic pizza took around 40-45 mins to come out after we had to ask the waitress when we could expect it.  By the time it got to us it wasn't hot.  Barely lukewarm.  When I started on my second slice it was all cold (4-5 mins later).  A Chicago style deep dish pizza doesn't even take this long to make.  We asked for a side of marinara and it's been almost 10 mins and still nothing.  So we gave up and just asked for the check.As a side note they were NOT busy.  Barely a handful of costumers.I would not recommend coming here.  There's lot of better restaurants in this hotel and this city that serve HOT and good food without making you wait.You don't get a second chance to make a good first impression.
1	All I could say is that this place is overly hyped up.*Whew!* I finally got THAT off my chest! Feels great! Oh yeah!! So..to start this off, the "service" was not great! Coming from a 5-star hotel, you would expect better service. Am I right? Or am I right? Yes, I am right. The waitress - I forgot what her name was because her "service" sucked balls - was not helpful at all and was very rude.When we first arrived, she never greeted us and was trying to rush us into ordering. Dude! We're not at Pho Kim Long, were at The Palazzo! Anyways, to start our dinner off, I wanted to order a glass of Sangria and asked our waitress what her recommendation was since I had a choice of a white or red Sangria. She answered me with, "Well, that depends on what you like. If you like a sweet or sour." Ummmm, Chinese food sweet and sour?! Say what? Who? How? Where? When? That...was...helpful?! I guess! I blankly stared at her for a second and kept quiet. It was such an awkward moment, I HAD to just brush it off. You would think that she would at least make up some BS just to show that she was trying to help me but no, she did not. I ended up getting the white Sangria - just because the menu says that it has Moscato in it. Thanks to the menu, it was more helpful than our waitress! High 5! As far as the pizza goes, who in their right minds would think that this place serves "AMAZING" pizza? Man, it was far from amazing I'll tell you that! Sometimes, I wonder if the waitress was the one who made the pizza because that pizza was just as bad as her service. Reasons why I did not like the pizza:Strike 1: The pizza came out warm...almost cold.Strike 2: The inner part of the pizza was soggy and VERY watery.Strike 3: The pizza sauce was acidic! It was worse that Ragu. Lmao! Oh and to top off the horrible dinner experience, my 12-year-old nephew ordered a personal pizza and it came out last - after everyone had already eaten! WHY? Because apparently, when his pizza went into the brick oven, it flopped over. Lol!
3	Ordered white pizza and a Mediterranean salad to share. The pizza was decent but definitely not the best white pizza that I've had. The salad was better than any other location I have been to. The service was great. The reason for the three stars? We originally ordered water to drink. We had sat at the bar so it came out of the soda gun. I'm not sure if the lines are dirty or the gun itself needed to be cleaned but it was DISGUSTING. We both took one sip and I ordered Pellegrino right away. They might want to take a look at it. I live here. I drink the tap water here. This was something else.
5	Closest thing to New York pizza in Vegas. I am from NYC so I know everything about pizza. Their is thin and doesn't have to much grease. The tomato sauce is pretty flavorful as well. Great job guys!
2	I've heard and read the hype over the place and finally got a chance to give it a try.  I consider myself an experienced pizza eater and attended with my resident pizza expert.We were both in agreement that this pizza was did not live up to the hype. All the toppings were bland.  I don't know how you can rob bacon of its flavor but they managed to achieve this task here.  A large pepperoni, mushroom, bacon and half Italian sausage pizza was ordered and was just largely disappointing.The artisan crust on a New York style pizza just doesn't work for me.  Now any red blooded American knows that ranch is mandatory with pizza.  Not hidden valley bottled ranch but a creamy delicious fresh made ranch more than complements a slice... It completes it.  So as we dined on America's birthday we requested ranch and were denied!  They do not have ranch because the executive chef does not approve of low brow ranch.  After this statement was made the server proceeded to bring out a shaker of, fresh out of the powdered bottle, of Parmesan cheese.  Ranch isn't acceptable but this is?  I will not be returning.  If you're looking for pizza In Vegas go to Secret Pizza.
3	This place does not compare to its sibling in new York.  The dough was soggy and the crust, it was eh..  the salad was good though as well as the service!
3	I'm not a fan of thin crust pizza but this hit the spot. You add your own toppings and the "small" is more than enough for two or three people.
5	Keep coming back to this place again and again! I have always experienced exceptional service. In addition to that this is my favorite pizza in town! I have tried all kinds from super cheap pizza to pricey. I'm not a person who writes reviews but I believe this place deserves it.
5	A bit in a corner in the palazzo but worth the walk.  Parking is super easy even for an out of towner The small salads are good to share for two to three people.  We got 1 large mushroom ricotta. (Omg ricotta!!) and a medium pepperoni.  They use the small pepperoni that gets crunchy!! Heaven!!This fed all 5 of us.  It's so good we could have taken some home but kept eatingPrices are fair and food comes quicklyWe were there at lunch on a Saturday so I can't say about speed at dinner.   But this place is a find for sure!
5	best pizza i ever tasted...AMAZING.....and i just got the pepperoni.....i wish i would've put more on it.............really goood
5	Great pizza. It's affordable and delicious. The crust is utter perfection and I simply don't get people who choose Chicago pizza over NY pizza. I feel like eating this pizza would convert you.The only issue is that it's in the Palazzo and it felt tucked away (and not in a good way) past the casino and into their mall.
5	this place is so great! our waiter, (anthony), was super sweet and helpful too! the menu is simple and great for family! you should definitely try it if you're in the hotel!! :)
5	THIS is how thin crust pizza should be done! Period! Everyone take lessons from this place!  Stopped by during our last visit to Sin City and were pleasantly surprised.  The kids' godfather (how appropriate! - & he's Italian too!) recommended it.  The cheese was thin but tasted thick. Crust incredibly thin but filling. Cooked just right.  There's one in El Segundo we'll drive out to one of these days.
5	As good as it gets. Love all these Brooklyn original grimaldis transplants.
5	We were starving and roaming around late at night hoping to find some food. Alas, Grimaldi's Pizzeria was still open for another hour. I think it was 1 am maybe? Anyway, we ordered the margherita with kalamata olives, just expecting a regular pizza. It was around $18. Wooo weee those kalamata olives MADE that pizza. It was fantastic! The crust was super thin and the sauce had a great taste . We took it up to our room and devoured that thing. Actually we left 2 pieces but I ate them for breakfast the next morning because it was still that good.
5	Wow! We popped in after midnight and ordered the perfect pizza after a night out. The mozzarella is amazing.  The best part was the slices we didn't eat the next morning for breakfast.
3	At first we were excited since it was in our hotel Palazzo (2nd floor above Carnevino) and there was no wait and we loved it in NY. The decor was definitely nicer than NY location and the chandeliers made of wine bottles were beautiful! It was clean, nice and spacious. However the pizza was a disappointment. Nothing close to the original in NY!!! Our crust was burnt (black edges) on almost half the pizza, but the dough was undercooked. Almost like a mushed hard pita. The sauce, pepperoni and sausage were all good, but I had ordered extra basil and I did NOT even taste ANY basil! The house salad was good, but the green olives were still raw and hard to bite into. Service was ok, but it was just a waste of stomach space considering vegas has so many other restaurants. If i'm going to eat Pizza, it has to be amazing. Not sure if we just got a bad batch, but if it's always served this way, then we will not be returning.
3	Good flavor, good service, long wait and under done pepperonis. Gotta go to Grimaldis in Brooklyn to compare the two. Nothing special.
5	Can you say Ricotta Cheese??  This place has put it on my list of items I must have on a pizza or else..haha.  Everytime I am in Las Vegas, I have to make a trip to this Brooklyn Original Pizza place.  It's a must eat.  I have to order the pizza with ricotta.  The thin crust with the cheese is a perfect pair.  I am ruined Grimauldi's-you have ruined me, for the good of course!
1	We ordered take out.... walked about an hour to get there only to be told there oven needs to be restarted or something.  No warning n walked away disappointed with Sbarro pizza being better.
4	Pizza like a boss in Vegas at a place you'd imagine would be in a mall within Iowa or something. Wasn't impressed with the beer or drinking list...kinda weird to see them serve nothing too special within a restaurant at the Palazzo. Guess it's for the feel. Point is; pizza was great. I hadn't had good pizza since my last trip to NYC and living in the middle of a college town for work now kinda gives me no real options for good pizza in Ken-tuck-he. Good pizza, decent atmosphere.
4	Grimaldi's is one of my favorite pizza places! The atmosphere is just as great as the food.  This location is located on the strip inside of the Palazzo Casino.  Salads are a good sharing size.... love ordering a pepperoni, sausage, and ricotta cheese pizza, and of course I always have to have a cannoli for dessert!Definitely recommend Grimaldi's!
5	Been to the NY location and this one stacks up fairly well. Pizza and service were fantastic! Went here with a group of friends who had never been to NY and they said this was the best pizza they ever had. It was pretty darn close.
5	OK. So, this is the best pizza west of the Mississippi river. Thank you for opening a store in LA!!!!!!Its a 100 min drive to the LA location. Its so good that my 4 daughters ask me to drive there a couple times a month!!!!Thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!Tim and Anna
1	BEWARE the pizza at both Grimaldi's locations is TASTELESS !!!!!!!! Go to 800degrees for a 100 times better quality original neapolitean pizza and it's even cheaper.This is my 3rd time at Grimaldi over the past year (i sadly went twice in the mall and once in the palazzo location). Even the soda each time was 99% ice and a sip of coke, it was like drinking flavored water. Please don't make my same mistake and tell them NO ICE if you want to have a taste of soda.The tomato sauce it is flavorless, so you will see people adding salt like crazy to try to revive a cardboard tasting pizza. The cheese taste like rubber, flavorless as well. The dough is bad but not as bad as the tomatoes and mozzarella cheese. Do not believe brick oven and this gimmick terminology they use. Brick oven means the oven is made with brick, it doesn't mean wood burning oven. So basically brick oven doesn't mean anything.One last issue is that for some reason the pizza has been each time barely warm and after you eat the second slice the rest of the pizza will be cold. Just be prepared.Event the secret pizza at the Cosmopolitan and the pizza at the Aria is better! I personally don't like either of them but compared to Grimaldi they are great. My favorite, as I mentioned is 800degrees. Try it and you will thank me!!!!!
3	I ordered the pizza and walked it back to my room. It took about 20 minutes for the pizza to be ready which was quick considering how busy it was. The prices were fair for Vegas food, but the red sauce wasn't as hearty as I like it. However I am not a big fan of New York style pizza. The next time I am in Vegas I will have to try it in the restaurant and update my review.
5	Wow! Now I am not one to usually frequent chain restaurants while on vacation, but the location and review for this restaurant compelled me to make an exception. And boy, was I glad that I did.Their thin crust pizzas are nice and crispy. The toppings are tasty and varied. The sauce is pleasant and slightly sweet. What was not to like?If you are visiting Vegas from a region that does not have a Grimald's, you would do well to fill your pizza craving here.PS It was so good, that we ate it as our last lunch in Vegas at the end of our vacation having eaten at the Eastern Ave. location at the beginning of our vacation.
4	Haven't been in awhile and now I remember what I am missing. Good pizza is hard to find in las Vegas and thus place delivers the goods. Thin crust which I prefer with a good crunch fresh ingredients and a tasty sauce. What more could u ask for in a pizza?
5	Excellent pizza. After reading yelp reviews we ended up trying the meatballs on one of the pizzas - AMAZING! Thin crust, fresh ingredients, absolutely delicious.
4	This is the best pizza I have had in a very long time. I usually think pizzas are overpriced and overrated, but this pizza is worth it. We ordered spicy chicken sausage and green peppers as toppings -- it really was amazing. The service is a little slow and with no good reason (it wasn't busy). But it is open late and is worth the wait. Fate.
5	Vacationing here in Vegas. I just have to say Grimaldi's has the best thin crust pizza ever. We ordered a large pepperoni and mushroom pizza. The crust was crunchy and the pizza was cooked perfectly. Will definitely come back.
5	Amazing service, pizza was on point  VERY satisfied customer. Large pep, sausage and bacon
3	Really good pizza. Only gripe was service slow and our waiter was a dumbass for lack of a better word. They really have no appetizers either. So be ready to eat lots of pizza.
4	Good pizza! If you like thin crust come here. Do both sauces, white and red, but make sure you tell them to just do chunks of the red, not a full layer, then you'll taste the garlic part of the white pizza more! I know, I'm pretty picky about how my pizza is sauced, haha, but really, this was the best combo.. I don't think I would have liked it as much with only one sauce. All the ingredients tasted fresh, and for $2 per topping they better be fresh!!Oreo Cheesecake (3.5 stars): Oreo is always amazing, but I liked the strawberry better. Strawberry Cheesecake (4 stars): You could really taste fresh strawberry flavor.Tiramisu (3 stars): I'd stick to the cheesecakes. SERVICE (4 stars) Our server was really nice but it took her a while to come check up on us and pick up the credit card. They get busy. Pizza takes a while to come out too. I asked if we could order our pizza so by the time we sat down it would be ready, but they wouldn't let us!ATMOSPHERE (4 stars):In the Palazzo where the shops are, so it's nice to walk around, but their beeper doesn't have a wide range so you can't go far at all.
3	I liked this place but I didn't love it. The atmosphere was decent. The service was just okay. The plain pie was so-so. The sausage, pepperoni, onion and peppers was really good. I am probably a pizza snob because I am from NY/NJ, so I am very partial to the pizza I am eating. I don't know if I would come back here again.
1	So...this place came highly recommended by my restauranteur friend A.Minn. Wow. Big mistake. The servers here were outstanding. Personable and attentive. The pizzas? Oh boy the pizzas! They sucked. Plain and simple. Do you like soggy and disgusting crust? Well, we ordered a pizza with mushrooms and cheese with red sauce. The dough was so soggy and gross that we were gonna ask for the huge Asian pho spoons to spoon that gloop up. We also ordered a white pizza with artichokes and chicken. The chicken was dry and flavorless. The dough was not soggy like the other pizza. But it was equally as dry. So, I would say. This Vegas location was bad. Tasted like the first day of culinary school. Cafeteria spaghetti and meatballs.
4	Good place to rest and talk after a long day in Vegas.  In a quiet corner of the Venetian.Pizza crust is a nice mix between thin and flavorful - good texture.  Get the meatball topping.  Excellent cannoli.Well executed but it's not a "must see" place either.
4	Now this is what I call new York style pizza- thin crust that you can fold and enjoy. Ordered the house salad which was good enough for two.  Created my own pizza with the white sauce and garlic, spinach and anchovies.  Delicious!  A bit pricy for a small pizza and costs 2.00 each topping but worth to try at least once.  I'm a garlic person and you can really taste the garlic in the sauce with each bite.  Satisfied and if I'm in town I would go here again.
1	Very poor service and timing I noticed three managers on the floor and yet drinks where empy and tables went without being greeted. I orderd a salad as my meal and received it twelve minutes nefore the rest of my parties meal.The menu notes fresh ingredients however a precooked most likley frozen chicken product comes on both the salads and pizza. The pizza was good way better then the service. Our server Sara who screwed up the tables order right next to ours (forgot to ring in their pizza) and seemed disinterested In everything and confused by, well everything.Our party of four did not expect exceptional service or food when we entered we just wanted a decent lunch.  We left full but disgusted by the lack of training and manager interaction and engagement with the staff and guests. Please address theese issues . I feel your product is good but without better training and guest focus you are a lost cause
5	"Gotta be a 5"Why a 5? The pizza is excellent. Thin and crispy. The wine list is good and well priced for a change. Good location in the vinietian / palazzo
4	This is the best pizza I have eaten in Vegas and one of the best pizzas I have ever eaten (the best pizza I have eaten is in downtown Disney). I gave them 4 stars because their service is incredibly slow but in my experience man of the restaurants in Vegas have slow service. Definitely worth a try and I may be going back for seconds before I head home.
4	We are from New York & were hesitant to try pizza out here in Las Vegas. This pizza is as close as you can get to NY pizza! It was absolutely delicious! We ordered A cheese pizza and added ricotta & grilled chicken. The dough, sauce, cheese (especially the ricotta! The ricotta was outstanding!), & seasonings were top notch.The chicken, however, was definitely packaged / not fresh. It didn't match with the delicious fresh ingredients that made up the rest of the pizza. The grilled chicken was honestly kind of creepy & gross. It didn't taste good & some pieces were squishy. It was definitely a little offensive. *This is the only reason I did not give 5 stars.*Desert was also outstanding. We had the desert trio (you get to pick which 3, which I loved!) and got the caramel apple cheesecake, oreo cheesecake, and tiramisu. The cheesecakes are homemade and you can definitely tell. They were amazing. The tiramisu was so light & fluffy and tasted amazing as well. Finally, our server Rachel was super friendly, happy, and very attentive. She was great, especially since we were seated all the way in the back, we didn't wait long for anything. She was also very honest about answering questions and I really appreciated that!
4	I think I am a bigger fan of their regular pizza, compared to their white pizza with garlic.......nice casual atmosphere, attentive service.....also had a very good Mediterranean salad!....rather limited menu.
2	I was excited to try out the famous Grimaldi's and I was a bit disappointed.  The pizza was ok, but not as good as I was expecting.  The crust was good but the pizza was nearly missing an important ingredient.....tomato sauce.  I loved the thin crust, but it's a lot easier to make the crust thin and crispy when there is practically no sauce.
5	The only problem with this place is that it is a 5 1/2 hour plane ride away.  The brick oven pizza is incredible. We got pepperoni and meatball toppings. The sauce is really good.  I need to copy their sauce and dough recipe for home use :).
5	The best pizza I have ever eaten! The service was excellent! Being a vegas restaurant in a 5 star hotel the prices were also reasonable.  Will be going back on my next trip to Vegas!
3	Quite decent pizza ... we had classic tomato/mozz/sausage/mushroom & ricotta ... nice crisp crust and good flavor, even at a table with +1 checkered tablecloth at -1 fake outdoors in a -1 LV mall with horrible canned music.  We recovered with +1 some proscecco and beer.  Good, maybe VERY good, but not earth-shattering, but got us in the mood for Gondolas :)
4	I really enjoyed myself here!  This place had good pizza good wine and great cheese cake!  We tried one of each they had on hand that night!  An apple cinnamon, chocolate and oreo and I don't know that I could pick which one I preferred they were all amazing! The pizza crust was great and the toppings really interesting.  They didn't have pineapple which was weird but, everything else was great!  We had Wes as a server and he was very knowledgeable about the menu and wine list and he made the experience even better!  I would deffinately  reccomend this place to those visiting the Las Vegas area!
5	Nice hard crispy thin crust.
5	The pizza here is so good!!!  Especially after drinking...  I ate 3 slices very quickly without chewing.  I tried the meat pizza (sausage, peperoni, etc) and the veggie pizza which had a ton of veggies and garlic on it.  Minutes later after I finished eating, I went to lay down on the bed at the hotel.  I started to develop a massive headache and felt really sick.  Next thing you know, my body couldn't hold the food down.  I didn't have food poisoning or anything, but just found out I cannot eat garlic ever again after being hungover.  The ride home to Cali from Vegas was so bad, I felt bad for my friends in the same car as me.  That's another story for the books...
4	The pizza is really good! Price is very reasonable. We were dressed up for a Halloween party and no one would serve us at the Wynn where we were staying! We were starving! We were so happy to be seated! Excellent service! The staff is phenomenal! Xoxo
5	If you're looking for great, fresh, thin crust pizza look no further. We went here based on other reviews and we're really glad we did. We shared a small house salad which was a nice portion for two at $6 plus we added Genoa salami for $2 more. It was as fresh as it could be. We followed that with a meatball and jalapeno medium pizza which was a great size for two. Topping prices were very reasonable..just $2 each. And the mozzarella was fresh instead of the shredded kind. The service was great and fast.We were pleasantly surprised at how affordable this was for a great quality meal in the Palazzo shops. Maybe that's why it wasn't crowded at all. It's kind of tucked away yet really close to the Grand Canal shops in the Venetian. I will definitely try the one in Florida next time we're there.
3	Delicious house salad (a large split between 4 people) & pizza! Very cool wine bottle chandelier. You can see the cooks making the dough & pizzas. But our experience was ruined by the terrible, almost non-existent service!!! Our waiter never came back after we had our pizza & we waited a loooong time for the bill. There's no excuse for the service we received with only a few customers in the restaurant.
4	The food was great & price was good , the toppings are all extra & I'm not ballin like most those vegas folks but the atmosphere was very nice & our server was excellent (Victor) cool guy . I recommend it if you want to sit down somewhere for a nice fresh pizza & not spend too much like most places on the strip .
4	Great thin crust brick oven pizza. We got a large house salad, a personal cheese pizza, and a large pizza with meatballs, Italian sausage, and artichoke hearts. Plenty of salad to go around. Hot pizza with fresh toppings. Our party of 5 seated immediately at 7 on a Sunday night. Oven is in full view with pictures of many NYC landmarks on the wall. All food was served promptly without significant wait. But we were not given one refill throughout the entire meal. 4 out of 5 of us sat with empty glasses for about 20 minutes. We will continue to make our regular visits, just hope we don't crap out for the server again.
5	Fantastic pizza - I've eaten at the real deal in New York and from what I remember the Vegas outpost is nearly spot on. Good wine, fresh salad, and delicious pizza with a very reasonable price tag. Definitely worth a stop on the strip.
4	Great thin crust pizza and a regular wine list (very good) and a break the bank reserve wine list.  Went for a Personal Pizza (12 in.) that starts at $9 and adding toppings increases the price.  Decided on a modified Margherita pizza and they do not skimp on the basil (HUGE plus!) The crust is nice and then and the pizza once ordered is delivered to your table in under ten minutes due to their ovens. The service is good as is the pizza and I think a good deal when you are in the Palazzo.
5	We shared a large pepperoni, and it was SO good.  Thin style crust, amazing mozzarella, tangy sauce, slight taste of basil. Perfect ratio of everything.  Cute place inside too.  Such good pizza!
1	Didn't even get to eat there because I called at 10:59 and they closed at 11 (after a previous call to them and they said we could come in last minute- otherwise I would never do that to the waitstaff) and the girl on the phone- in the pipsqueakiest girl voice was like "I mean, if you run here in the next minute then whatever-Iike, if you can get here in time..." No sympathy, no hospitality - and ps? In no world am BOLTING through the Palazzo so I can make some 21 year old hostesses' time clock. Bad attitude on that girl- we get you wanna go home, don't take it out on us- especially when your coworker said it was cool. She sucked.
5	Great pizza! Lived in Sicily 5 years, closest I have had yet to the real thing! Fresh ingredients, super staff, casual, relaxing atmosphere! Absolutely recommend this place!
4	Omg the pizza was delicious. The service was great. The ambiance is very casual and easy going.  I would definetly come back here. Descently priced!
2	Not very good. Do not waste your time. I have been to the original one in Brooklyn and it is much better. The place seems to be very chain-like at this point and seems to have departed from the goodness of the original spot. The pizza looked very unappetizing when it arrived. It had weird blobs of something unattractive (not sure if it was the sauce or the garlic we got on the pizza) that made it difficult to want to eat the whole pizza. The cheese seemed of relatively low quality and the sauce was literally flavorless. I was a bit worried when I looked at their website and saw a Hormel company seal. I would stay away and try one of the other options around town that is much better.
5	The garlic white pizza here is amazing!!! Love it!!! I work close by and always have to order this when I work really late. They have great customer service and takeout is always ready in no longer than 25 minutes! Always order the large garlic white pizza with some pepperoni on there.Highly recommend! Don't try any other pizza places! This place and Secret Pizza at Cosmo are the BEST!
2	Short: Overpriced, nothing special pizza. You'll find better at Sam's Club or Costco.Long:For the most part, the pizza here is no better than what you'll find at Pizza Hut or Dominoes. Tasteless crust, cheap sauce, cheap and skimpy toppings with a tiny bit of cheese. There's only better quality control (how little quality there is) and better service. There's also no specialty pizzas here; just the same toppings you can get anywhere else, you just have to list out what you want. I was really hoping for a margarita pizza, but you won't find one here.I'm a big pizza fan and I often make my own pizza. So when a friend of mine got a birthday deal to have one free pizza from this place, we visited. We arrived and was ushered over to a table. The waitress and waiters were nice, but a bit too courteous as every-other-minute they were checking on us. You don't need three waiters to refill water people. We ordered a large pizza with sausage and mushrooms. It took a while to come out, but not too long. When it arrived, we noticed the top was just swamped with juice and oil--this became a problem as the pizza became soggy after a few minutes (so I don't recommend ordering out).The pizza... was acceptable. That's it. Me and my friend found ourselves piling on parmesan cheese and oregano to get some flavor out of the pizza because it didn't have much. Let me break it down:Good pizza starts at the dough. The bread/crust on this pizza was dull and tasteless. After a while, half of it got soggy. The only good part was the end crust where the over charred it a bit. HOWEVER, this place is suppose to be coal-fired, right? Well, the bottom of the crust was no crispier or better cooked than elsewhere. It wasn't even thin enough to create a cracker-thin crust. I've had proper coal-fire pizza and this place is a joke compared to the real thing. The sauce is a water-down, flavor-less tomato sauce. The cheese they put on it, while are slices of mozzarella, are so thin that it doesn't melt nor does it spread out. It's just wavers of cheese that don't give the pizza any flavor.The toppings are the next joke. The mushrooms were of good size (not the thin sliced version), but the sausage is the frozen/ball sausage every-other pizza joint uses. Nothing special, nothing unique. The same frozen sausage balls.In the end, I don't recommend this place. I am dead honest about the Sam's Club and Costco thing; they make better pizza and sell it at half the price! HALF THE PRICE! This place is almost a joke after I list everything out, but it's certainly isn't bad. I didn't get sick, I didn't walk out unhappy, but surely I would be pissed if I had paid $20 for that pizza. The birthday deal is worth trying this place, though.
1	Great pizza but we found a stink bug in the salad.  It would have been better to find the bug before starting to eat the salad but it was found at the end.  The manager generously took the salad off the bill.  Gee thanks manager for the free salad we appreciate it.  Waiter was great, pizza is great, management needs to work on customer service. Unfortunately I will not be back thanks for the bug.
3	Wandered here with my co-worker David B. for a pizza lunch. We were both interested in pizza and thought we'd come split one and a salad for lunch. He had been here two times before on this trip and recommended it. The pizza was fine (we split a small, top-your-own with pepperoni and sausage), although I wasn't sure about the taste of the sausage topping (but don't get me wrong, I still ate my half). Prior to the pizza, we also split a tomato mozzarella salad. This was good (hard to get that salad too wrong) and we both left the meal feeling full. They don't have Coke products, so while I would have liked a nice Diet Coke with my meal, I stuck with water. It's set away from the casino noise, which was nice, and certainly gives you ample portions.
3	We dropped in late one night after drinking.  Not many people were in the restaurant so we got seated immediately.  Service was good.  The pizza was just OK to me.  Definitely a place to check out though.
5	As soon as I touched down in Vegas, my friends were craving Tacos El Gordo, so we walked all the way over there from the Venetian only to find out that it was closed! We were disappointed at first, but that disappointment disappeared as I discovered Grimaldi's was at the Grand Canal Shops on our way back to the hotel. I wasn't able to try the Grimaldi's when I was in NYC yet, so we rallied on over for one of my best NY style pizza experiences in my life for the following reasons1) Ingredients were delicious2) Marinara sauce was incredible3) Bread was light, thin, and slightly crispy around the edges.In a way, I'm glad Tacos El Gordo wasn't available or I wouldn't have had the time to check this place out.
5	My bro and I went back to this Grimaldi's Pizza on this year's Vegas trip. Same as before, the best thin crust pizza in my opinion. Just pure heaven, crispy, hearty, flavorful, with excellent prompt and polite service. I wish there were more Grimaldi's in Los Angeles, or that I went to Vegas more often. Reasonable price and a truly relaxed and enjoyable dining experience.
5	So yummy!  Just like it's original & first Grimaldi restaurant in Brooklyn, NY!  Service was great!  Pizza was so delicious!  If you crave NY pizza, this is the place to go!  Highly recommend!
3	3.5 stars because of the service. Okay servers just because your tips aren't pool doesn't mean you can treat the tables you're not serving horribly. Giolani or whatever his name is was the older server who looked he hated his life. When I asked him if he could reheat my pizza because it was cold, he just looked at me, kept walking, and shook his head yes. Waited another 5 minutes for him to come back and never saw him again. So the FOOD...we ordered the mediterranean salad which was delish! We ordered a large between two people and ate it all just fine with no struggle. I loved the sauce they used because it was your normal vinaigrette but it had a nice tangy sour kick to it! Finally after 20 minutes we received the pizza because they had to clean the ovens in the middle of the day. It was only warm. I don't about you but I love my pizza burning the roof of my mouth when I take my first bite. By the time i went for my second slice it was cold.
5	Very good pizza for even better prices. No wait time for a group of 5 on a Friday night. Staff is very nice, helpful, and dessert is delicious. We had the trio with butterscotch cheesecake and cannolis. All of it was delicious and we had plenty of leftovers.
5	We got two large pizzas to-go to split between 7 girls. We ate the pizza for dinner and wanted to save some pizza for after the clubs. We called in our order for pick up. Thin crust was bombbbb. Their ingredients were fresh, mainly their basil and their pepperoni and sausage were good too. Enjoyed the texture of the crust, yummzzzzzzz.Best Idea Evaaa: Get a pizza to-go that night and leave it in your hotel room so you can come home from the clubs with the drunchies to bomb cold pizza.
2	Where's the sauce. All you hear about is Grimaldi's famous suuuace. But when the pizza comes there isn't any.  Not great for kids and its a fricken pizza joint. Server could care less. Worth the trip...no way. Go get pizza at the place in the promenade at the quad. It's far superior.
1	I personally had no problem with my pizza. I got a personal pizza with chicken (add $5 alone for that), bell peppers, pineapple, and onions. I'll shamefully admit though, my pizza alone was at least $20. Ridiculous, I'll never do it again and the only reason they got my money was because I had a nice buzz off some drinks my husband and I made back at our room because honestly, no way in hell would I have paid that sober. Everyone was pretty happy with the exception of my sister-in-law. She ordered a cheese pizza with extra cheese. I think they got it twisted and gave her extra sauce instead. When we asked our server, he said that was extra cheese. She asked to speak to a manager and he said the same thing. Sorry, I'm not picky or anything but I wouldn't have accepted that as being extra cheese. I'm an easy person to please so for someone to piss me off at a restaurant is pretty rare. I wish I would have gotten the girls name because her people skills need some work. I asked if I could get some ranch for my pizza (hello, Californian here!) and the girl straight up said, "No, we don't have any." and trotted her happy a$$ away from the table. Nothing as far as a, "No, sorry we don't carry ranch here." or anything in that format. Just basically a screw off and deal with it. For $50 in pizza for 2, I expect more than that when asked a question honestly.
5	Had a mushroom pepperoni pizza and a spinach salad.   Awesome crust sauce and cheese.  For Vegas this was a great value.
5	I'm not much of a pizza connoisseur, and in my book the pizza spectrum is a fairly narrow range of "good" to "very good."  Enter Grimaldi's.  There are no witty hipster names or fancy concoctions here.  In fact, I was surprised to find that the menu didn't even provide any suggestions for topping combinations.  Just a choice of regular, white, or pesto base, and a list of run-of-the-mill ingredients such as pepperoni, italian sausage, mushrooms, onions, etc.But don't let the simplicity of the menu fool you.  The crust was thin and impossibly crispy, with no hint of getting limp as we bore through the 12" pizza.  The sauce packed a pleasant tangy punch.  The pepperoni was thick, chock full of flavor, all around excellent.  The italian sausage was pleasant, and our mushrooms remained fat and tender despite the coal oven. Grimaldi's wins you over with fresh, high quality ingredients - no frills or fluff.  It has definitely upped my pizza game, and I can only hope Grimaldi's finds its way to the Washington DC area!
5	The pizza was super good! The atmosphere was very nice as well.  But I want to comment on there amazing service!We went there with 3 people...myself,my wife and her best friend. 2 of us ordered calzones and one ordered a personal pizza.  They brought the pizza out right away and the 2 that ordered the calzones had to wait 5-10 extra minutes because the calzones take longer to cook.  We didn't say anything to the waiter or make any comments or even feel that it was that big of a deal but the manager came over and apologized for the difference in time between the pizza and the calzones.  She offered to buy us dessert.  We all just thought it was very professional that they addressed the problem even though we never even said there was an issue.  Fun and classy place...highly recommend!
5	This pizza is delicious. We enjoyed a pizza which had an amazing crust. While the food was great, it was the service that was wonderful. The staff were so friendly and helpful. They made sure we had everything we needed for take out and thanked us for choosing their restaurant. I always appreciate great service.
4	Small pizza is good for 4 adults. Very reasonable price especially inside Palazzo Hotel. Came here after New Year's Eve party, 1:30am. They closed at 2am by the way. The server looks very tired but he still gave us good service. The Pepperoni Pizza was delicious, NY style, very thin and juicy. The sangria was very good and fruity flavor.
