5	A very reliable source tells me this is the best steakhouse in Vegas right now, although I'm also a fan of the Delmonico in the Venetian.
4	while i don't eat steakor drink martinisi can attest to seeing at least 3 celebrities and 4 nfl playersdoing just thatfun for drinksand people watching
4	This is a pretty good restaurant in the Palms Hotel and Casino. Its a little pricey to be on the bottom rung of the Las Vegas ulta-dining scene but you gotta eat somewhere and you should do it here so you check out the Palms. The Palms is what Las Vegas is advertising to be: young, sexy and dirty. Yes, come here.
2	Just decent steaks. Not great or tasty. Went there a couple times with groups of 10+ and the majority of these steak-loving Chicago boys thought this place was just "okay."
4	I have only been twice but each time I was impressed with the food here.  The place is a bit dim but has service that matches the prices, thankfully.  Then again, maybe it wasn't that it was dim, maybe it was the two plus days of cocktails that I was drowning in by the time I got here.Come to think of it.  I have no idea what this place was like.
4	VIVA LAS VEGAS!!after hearing so much about this steakhouse, my gf's and i had to give it a try last year during a bachelorette party.  it's the place to see and be seen.due to the sheer size our party, we took advantage of the special the restaurant offers for bachelorette parties - we sat around the circular bar (smack dab in the middle of the restaurant).  $75-$100 a head gets you a great meal w/ champagne toast and VIP entrance into RAIN.the steaks were great and just melts in your mouth.  ***the stars LOVE this place...just as we were entering the restaurant, we ran into the husbands to the "desperate housewives".  also dining there that night was dule hill & wife (of west wing fame).  mind you, this was only around 7:30PM...you can only imagine the madhouse it would have been later on in the night.***eye candy for both the guys and gals...be careful, your food may get cold if you're too busy checking out who's at the bar (hehe)!
5	Amazing food...been here 3 times and each visit was star studded and satisfying to the senses.  A place to catch glimpses of Tara Reid, the Maloof brothers, professional athletes, and the hockey silver cup!  The Smores dessert takes you back to old camp days!  Pure Yumminess!!!The service is amazing! Ask for black napkins if you're afraid of getting white napkin fuzz on your lap...they have them!
3	Nothing spectacular. I fail to comprehend the buzz. It's overpriced, not especially well executed and too noisy. They seem to be overly focused on being hip and not focused enough on presenting a top notch dining experience.Don't believe the hype.
4	ooooooh yummy.  i'm a red meat eating midwestern girl, and 9 had the best steak i can remember having in....who knows how long, it was DAMN GOOD.  the mac and cheese is a tasty, tasty side.  try the snicker dessert...it's basically two cookie/ice cream sanwiches with bits of snickers.  the s'mores my sister got were super fun too.  only complaint is that it was really loud and waaaaaaay too many annoying veil-toting bachelorette parties for my taste.  but hey, it is the palms.
4	I totally enjoyed it.  We had a VIP area at the bar, the bartender was totally cool, very interactive.  The food was GOOD!  I loved the appetizer of potato pancake, creme fresh and caviar... YUM!  The only think I could have a single complaint about was the stools at the bar, they don't have backs, and if you are sipping on champagne, you really want to lean back... hehe.
5	Dinner at 9 was outstanding.  Had the New England clam chowder, 16oz. aged bone-in fillet, sides of Mac-n-cheese, lobster mashed potatoes and creamed spinach.  Paired with an excellent bottle of 2001 Page.  Everything was outstanding.  Atmosphere was Palms hip and trendy.  Service was spot-on.  Our waiter Phil Siudak hit that perfect blend of attentiveness and leaving you space to enjoy the meal.  Pricey, but definitely in my top 10 list of meals.
4	I've been here a number of times for dinner, drinks and usually both. I've never had a bad meal here and the scenery is also a treat. Service is always prompt and the food never fails to amaze me. The Surf and Turf is one of the best deals in town and you have to try the calamari or the popcorn shrimp for starters. Was there recently with a party of ten celebrating a friends birthday. Even though we were a larger group and were going through some serious cocktails and bottles of wine our server was on top of everything which was no small feat especially since it was during peak period on a Saturday night. everyones entree was cooked perfectly and the timing of the meal was impeccable. I can't say a bad thing about this place.
4	Put on your shiniest shirt, spiffiest shoes and get ready to shell out the bones if you're headed to N9NE.  I think this steakhouse is quite good and found my fillet to be delicious.  I had lobster as well, but it was more like a sliver of lobster...better yet, a sliver of a memory of a lobster that once existed during a prehistoric era.  Welcome to fine dining!The decor is more like a club where cocaine suppliers hold high level meetings with their dealers while professional athletes attempt to outdo each other and win over the airhead of the night by seeing who can order the most bottles of Cristal.  Actually, that's exactly what this place is!This place is fun, but at the same time, it's quite possibly the most fake setting I've been in since my short stint on TV news.  Seriously, I've never been in a movie or on the set of one, but I can at least say that I've eaten at N9NE.Food good.Pompousness bad.
5	Folks this place is brilliant! Has Vegas cool-glam written all over it. Be sure to make an evening out of it. Come a bit before your reservation and enjoy a drink at the bar and mingle with the hipsters. Your meal will be splendid, and your steaks will be done perfect. I dine at N9NE every time I visit Las Vegas......If there was only one restaurant to choose in Las Vegas - this would be the one for me. The steaks are fabulous and the pomme frites are first rate. Enjoy your meal while Coldplay and U2 rocks the sound system. It's loud, fun and everyone is having a great time......it's a must do!
5	This place Rocks! The food is great and the decor is cool. Try the Popcorn Shrimp hmmm good.  The waitress and  staff are hot.  The place is really loud,young crowd and has a huge bar all in all this place is a cool place to eat before going out to the clubs.
5	Thank you Chef Barry for the most amazing meal and your hospitality!  Every single item he prepared was delicious, from the popcorn shrimp to the banana cream pie (with oreo cookie crust!).  This was my second time at N9NE, but this meal truly blew my mind.   I was completely gushing after this meal.  Chef Barry created a tasting menu for us off the regular menu.  We started with a chilled seafood plate with a lobster claw, a peeled shrimp, a crab leg and an oyster -- so fresh and so delectable.  We shared a sashimi plate and the popcorn shrimp -- amazingly tasty.  Loved the garbage salad and the french onion soup.   But the main courses are why this place deserves 5 plus stars --- the filet mignon was maybe the best steak I've ever had -- it was perfectly cooked and seasoned and just melted in my mouth like butter.  Simply A-MAZ-ING -- so amazing that my vegetarian friend ate 2 pieces!!  Seriously.  The scallops were to die for and even the salmon (which you'd think would not be so interesting) was incredible -- really tasty with an asian/miso type marinade.  SO GOOD!The new york strip was fabulous, as were the lobster mashed potatoes, creamed corn and even the fries.  For dessert, we had the aforementioned banana cream pie on an oreo cookie crust and this moist carrot cake.  Simply divine.  I'm gushing even now.I really don't think I can eat anywhere else after this.
4	The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I went here with my unholy pig of an ex, so the memory is tainted a little.Drinks are great, my Ketel martini was roughly the size of a punchbowl.The food is excellent. My steak was only $50 and was so big it could have fed an entire family of hipsters. Steak was cooked a perfect medium rare, which until then was something restaurants west of the Mississippi were incapable of doing in my experience. The atmosphere is a little trendy for my taste, but if you go in a big enough group you don't really notice. My favorite Vegas steakhouse.
3	It's a hip and trendy place to see beautiful people.  Food is good, but not great enough to  write about.   I think the scene and drinks are the main focus here.   A lot of young groups come here for the pre-partying in the Palms hotel.  I was with my two gfs there last time, and we somehow got into Ghost Bar and Club Rain for free!   Will I go back there again?  I will prolly go other places since there are too many good restaurants to try in Vegas to.
3	mostly a meat market, as i remember it. the food was decent. i enjoyed their version of lobster bisque, the caviar sampler plate was nice, and they did have a cute little caviar bar that illuminated the center of the restaurant. servers were amazingly good looking, and the rib eye was okay. i did enjoy our bottle of stag's leap artemis immensely...but that's pretty much a given. since i was in a sleep-deprived haze, this is all i recall of 9 steakhouse...
5	The Bone-in Ribeye is awesome.  I'm usually disappointed when I order steaks at a restaurant, but definitely not the case here.  Very tasty, and goes perfect with their lobster mashed potatoes.  The Rock Lobster Claws were killer as well.  Their original location in Chicago is just as good (but not as loud).  The wait can get long so make reservations.
5	This place has it all. The decor is absolutely modern yet does not lose function as the seats and eating areas are very comfortable. Servers are very knowldgeable regarding their foods and wines and the bartenders are hot. Service is up there and they even replaced an already half-eaten borderline medium-welldone mignon with a medium (which is what it was supposed to be) for a friend of mine. Sides to devour: lobster mashed potatoes, mac and cheese, gnocchi with white truffle oil. Aside from their choice wine selection, their main dishes are absolutely fantastic. I had the filet mignon. #1 in my book and I've had filet mignon in many highly rated restaurants in the bay area. Their creme brulee (tahitian) was perfect. Smooth, silky texture and taste was perfectly rich enough to rouse the palette yet subtle enough for me to want more!I highly suggest making this steakhouse a number 1 destination next time you are in vegas!
5	This place was better than I expected!My friends and I just so happen to do the bachlorette package at the Palms and it was worth it.  Instead of paying a billion dollars for bottle service, we paid $70 a piece and got a decent meal, great service and comp entry to all the clubs at the Palms.  Sooooo worth it.The bartenders rocked.  They were friendly and attentive and made great recommendations for how we should play out our night of debauchery.  The Palms (and affiliated clubs) actually made us feel like we got our bang for a buck instead of getting banged for a buck. Ladies I highly recommend looking at the bachlorette option at the Palms.  If timed right, you can wreck shop there and still have time to hit 1-2 more clubs!
5	This place is the goods.Even though we always get stuck waiting at the bar for 30 minutes regardless of our reservation time or the time we arrive, I dig this joint.I've never been disappointed here, and I don't know why I bother trying other places b/c they contiually fall short of N9NE.Drinks could be a tad stronger or cheaper, but oh well.  Do agree w/ Corey's take on the shiny shirt crews.  Very solid people-watching here.
5	I dream about Garbage Salads........There may be nothing more sublime than sitting down to a dinner under the purple aura that permeates even the bubbles in my glass of champagne. There are ENDLESS wonderful things on the menu however before deciding what to narrow down the choice to, one must take in the brilliant atmosphere. Order ANYTHING on the menu, it will be good. My favorites include, the rock shrimp, the garbage salad, the bolognese pasta, the mac and cheese, the gnocchi, never mind the yummy steaks!!! Order to your hearts content from one of many fabulous waiters, however you must, absolutely have to save room for dessert. Order the smores...I won't give anything else away  like the ending to the biggest movie of the year....Enough said, go to N9ne, go often, eat a lot, and think about the next time you make a reservation always...Well done Michael Morton....
4	I gotta say that I thought this steakhouse would be so-so given it being at the overly hyped Palms, but it was pretty good.  I ordered a mojito to be safe and was surprised it was pretty refreshing.  The appetizers were okay, nothing to rave about.  However, my porterhouse was excellent, well cooked.  Service was, again, surprisingly good and our waiter was on top of things, not staring away at all the pretty people/celebrities in the establishment.  Obviously, the restaurant is extremely well decorated with a modern look.  Suffice it to say, u can't go to dinner at N9NE with jeans and sneakers that's fer sure.  Lastly, the meal wasn't excessively expensive being it's Vegas...   I think I just might go back some day!
5	We hit up the N9NE steakhouse in Vegas over at the Palms. The food was amazing, as we ordered the 40 oz (yeah, you read that right) rib-eye. My buddy and I split that sucker and we destroyed it. The meat was real tender and juicy. The au jus was all right, but I preferred eating the meat on its own. We also got a fried shrimp appetizer which was pretty good.The atmosphere in N9NE was pretty cool as well. Although, it did seem kind of dark in there. We were there around 6pm but from what I understand, it gets more lively as the night goes on.
4	I've now been here twice, and I have to say that I really like this place.  Located at the Palms hotel, it's a bit off the Strip, but an easy cab ride over.The restaurant itself is set up very nicely.   It is nicely appointed, with a dim blue light cast over the whole dining area.  The dining tables surround a bar area, where you can also order food, I believe.  Supposedly the bar attract celebrities, but none were to be seen on this trip.  The place has a trendy, club-like feel to it.  Music is played over loudspeakers (where else but Vegas can you listen to Digital Underground while eating in a fine restaurant).  The place is LOUD, so don't go there expecting an ultra romantic evening.  It's more of a fun place to go with a bunch of friends or to take your date before heading out to the clubs or gambling.On this particular visit, my dinner companion and I started off with the calamari and tuna appetizers.  I order calamari at almost every restaurant that serves it, and this particular app. was really good.  I thought it might have been a little oversalted, but nevertheless I enjoyed it.  The tuna was also really good.  Seared with spices on the outside, a beautiful red on the inside, and drizzled with a ginger/wasabi/soy sauce.  For the main course, I ordered the 22 oz. Porterhouse and my date ordered a fig salad.  I tried some of her salad and I thought it was really good.  I don't know that I've ever had figs before (except for Fig Newtons, does that count?!) but I thought it worked well in the salad.  The steak was fantastic.  I love the porterhouse because you get the meaty, flavorful NY strip on one side, and the buttery soft filet on the other.  It was grilled to medium rare perfection and the filet was so soft I probably could have cut it with my fork.  A really really good steak.This was paired with their featured cabernet that I thought was awesome as well. I have tried their seared scallops before and they were incredible.One of these days I'll hit it big at the tables and will try their 1.5 pound lobster for $165.  =-)
5	just got back from my trip from vegas. i ate at n9ne steak house saturday night and it was a great steak experience.  the service was great even if i didn't hear what they were saying bea use of the music and so much eye candy there that my head was going left and right. i saw and took a picture with whitney from the hills. she's a tall and beautiful girl. the servers there wear a white sports coat which is not a bad uniform. i order the porterhouse steak which was 220z of juicy flavored meat that was absolutely mouth watering. the meat melted in my mouth. i also ordered the lobster mashed potato which was great as well. o also had a beer and a shot of patron to end the night. this place was a great experience and a dope date spot. it was all worth it and i'm sure i'll be back.
4	I visited N9NE back in April when I came to Vegas. We celebrated my friend's birthday and I had no idea what this place was. I guess I still am nieve when it comes to the nightlife of Vegas and the attractions. Palms Casino I recognize because of my love for poker and the show High Stakes Poker being hosted here before. When you step in you definitely realize the trendiness of the establishment and you can definitely picture celebrities being here. The prices were high but that's what you would expect eating at a trendy place, and so I expect the food to be impressive. Well, the food arrived and surprisingly, it was GREAT. The fillet and the lobster over the bed of lobster mash potatoe was BOMB! I've never had a juicy, cooked to perfection, piece of steak ever before like this and I was craving for more. Haha for some reason though, my steak was smaller compared to my party which made me a little jealous. The lobster mash potatoe was delicious as well with succulent pieces of lobster and creamy and tasty mash potatoes! I would love to come back...when I'm a BALLAR!As far as service goes, the waiter's assistant tipped over my glass of water...which kind of ruined my enjoyment of the restaurant. Service to me was ehhh. I'm basing this review just on taste.
2	N9NE was, in short, a disappointing experience.  I have absolutely no problem spending $50 on a good steak but N9NE was simply not a $200 per couple dining experience.The ambiance was not that of a high end steakhouse.  It is as if you are in a nightclub with loud top 40 music playing and mirrored pillars.  There's a way to blend trendy and classy (I enjoy it when it works), however this was well over the top.   This was trendy cheesey.  Example - The drunk patrons at the next table to our left kept "singing"  (or better yet screaming and grunting) along to the music as if it was karaoke.  The couple making out at another table next to ours completed the experience - did they order any food or were they just dining on each other's faces all night?Our server was beyond pretentious and pompous during his chore of waiting on us.  And honestly, there was no reason to be.  I almost pulled him over at one point to tell him to cut the act, I've dined at restaurants with much more class than this one and the service does not need to be this way.  Of course I held back hoping that the food would make up for the atmosphere and service.  While the food was okay, I wouldn't say it blew me away by any means.  Everyone's' steaks were good but the oysters on the half shell were tiny and the lobster on the surf and turf was decidedly bad.At the end of the meal I was disappointed that I had wasted my time and money there....there are so many other restaurants in Vegas I would love to try.  I guess if you're staying at the Palms it might be a good choice (although I've heard Alize is good), but to make a trip out from the strip was pointless.
5	The first time I went to N9NE, years ago, I was already 3 martinis deep... so I didn't think it'd be fair to review it based on that...After my recent visit, sober, I think I can legitimately say it was nothing short of OUTSTANDING!1. It was a Monday night. We were seated right as we walked in.2. They were playing top 40, hip-hop at bar sound levels (which I would expect of the Palms & who their target audience is). The space is sleek, modern and spacious. Definitely not a traditional steakhouse-- like Smith & Wollensky's on the strip.3. Yet, our server was professional, knowledgable and friendly.4. My 24 oz. bone-in ribeye steak was perfectly seasoned and cooked just as I desired.5. My lobster mashed potatoes were tasty, but not as rich as my girlfriend's creamed corn... mmmm.If I could change anything about N9NE, it would be to remove the shoulder pads from their servers' white sportcoat/jacket uniforms and shorten their length. It was kind of disorienting to see all these Don Johnson/Miami Vice jackets walking around serving us...
5	I was initially worried about going to N9NE, because I thought it was going to be a long wait till we were seated, it was going to be outrageously expensive and extremely boujie. I shouldnt have been so presumptious because my experience here was BOMB DIGGITY.This food is orgasmic shit.  I dont order steak very often, but when I do I am expecting it to be damn good.  The filet I had here is up there with the best steak I've ever had, which was at Roxy's at the El Dorado in Reno of all places.  I hate that nasty overcooked, charbroiled taste, but thankfully there was none to be found on this delectable piece of meat.  In addition, I have to say that the creamed corn I ordered here was probably the best side I've ever had.  Better than Izzy's creamed spinach (sorry Samantha).  George Maloof really hit the nail on the head with this one.Also, our waiter was refreshingly friendly and not snooty at all.  I don't know what Kristin S. is talking about with the asshole waiters.  I was prepared and waiting for it, but I never got any dissaproving looks or pretentious attitude.  I've decided to have my birthday dinner here because I like the modern ambiance, the fun music, the amazing food and the non-hoop jumping experience I hope to have again.  Can't wait until Oct 15th!
5	YUMMYYY!!!! I recommend making reservation a day or 2 before if u want to pick ur own time to eat there. The atmosphere is very loungy, it is not a quite romantic place, very uppity and fun. We didnt order steak, even though they are supposed to be known for that. We ordered calamari for appetizer, which was good and a lot of it too, i would recommend getting oysters tho cause they looked very yummy. I got tuna as my entree, it was okay but i dont like celery and it had a celery based cream sauce. my friend got the lobster pasta, we got two sides gnocchi and lobster mashed potatoes, both were CRAZY yummy. They defiantly are not greedy with the food portions. We go the banana something dessert, which was CRAZY good as well. I just realized that for 2 people we ate like cows but we had to try everything!. It was yummy!
2	It still bothers me that this place cost my wife and I $300.  I like a steak that isn't too dressed up and I just thought this steak was "eh".  The appetizers were fine and probably the highlight for the both of us.  The atmosphere was ok and the service was good but it was just the PRICE that bothered me the most.  This simply wasn't worth the price.  I would rather go to Ruth's Chris down the street and pay less than half of this.  I paid more for Picasso but I knew where the money was going.  I just didn't know where the money was going here.  The DJ??
4	I'm a vegetarian at a steakhouse, enough said right?  N9NE was amazing! I ordered the Fig Salad (off the specials menu), the white truffle cream gnocchi, and the smore dessert.  Everything was great...in fact my gnocchi was the hit of the table - I could literally eat a whole bucket full.  And the wine list was amazing as well. So why the 4 stars?  I felt like I was eating at a club, turn the damn music down. Thanks.
4	Great food, thats all there is to it.  Great steak, salads, and sides.  Try and go here when someone else (like my work, yay) is paying though because it can hurt the wallet.  I knew we were in a nice place when one of the Maloof brothers was the only one standing at the reservation desk when we arrived, and we passed Tony Bennett eating on the way to our tableThe only things I don't like is that its ridiculously loud inside, and the waitstaff seemed to treat us worse when they knew we weren't Millionaires (like the other tables) because we ordered beer/cocktails and shots...instead of wine and Cristal
4	With the talent coming from the Mortons name, you won't be disappointed here at N9NE. Siberian Osetra was excellent. Chilled seafood platter was fresh and the crab claws are HUGE! My lamb was cooked to perfection. And the talent here is much like what Marilyn Manson would say..."The beautiful people..."
4	The hostess was crazy/ off her handle so minus 1 star.Otherwise, food was great, wine was delicious and the ambiance was nice. Although we were seated in a private room, and we had a frat house version of us nine girls across from us and then 2 quieter parties adjacent and to the right of us. It was interesting. :) The bill for 9 girls was a little over $1200- 1300 -- I can't really remember, but it was somewhere in that range. We all got cocktails *$15/ each + $200 bottle of wine, so if you can imagine a lot of the bill was towards beverages. I in fact spent more on beverages than my own food. I had the encrusted salmon over cabbage (replaced with string beans), but everyone else's dishes were far superior. We had everything from oysters on the half shell to caviar to lobster to king crab legs to lamb to chicken to lobster to rib eye to filet mignon to kobe carpacchio & kobe tartar to lobster mashed potatoes and lobster bisque to the yummyness that is all food served at N9NE.. you name it, it was at our table. It was all pretty tasty... All in all the wait staff was great and friendly. The only issue my party had was with the hostess at the start of the night, but I wasn't there to witness it. :)Main dishes range from $28- $7X? Caviar ranges from $125- $500 I think... and all cocktails are $15. Wine list depends... and so forth, you get the point :)
5	N9NE was amazing.  Seriously.  Amazing.  I loved everything about it.  The loud pop music, the food, the scene.. I mean Justin & Britney while I gorge myself on steak?  LOVE IT.I also loved the table full of guys to my right who had a stripper/hooker with them performing lap dances.  This place is why I come to Vegas.I had the New York sirloin, shared the baked potato and started with the Heirloom salad.  I also drank way too many of the Violet Femmes (sp?)  And it was all soo good.
4	I wish I was rich, then I could dine at places like N9NE all the time with my friends and $800 dinners would be like a typical meal at IHOP or something. Sadly, I'm not rich, but the EXPERIENCE was well worth our money. I ordered the 16 oz. NY Sirloin, because it was part of the "Best of N9NE" collection and I also thought 16 oz.' wasn't that big (I knew I should have paid more attention in math class!). I probably should have listened to all my friends and split the 16 oz. NY Sirloin with my two other girlfriends, because I caused myself some serious pain trying to finish it alone (and without success!). By the way, take note, the steak only comes with a leaf and two tiny mushrooms stuck on its stem, everything else must be ordered separately. This really irked me, which is why I am not giving N9NE five stars. For what I'm paying, they could have AT LEAST given me a scoop of mashed potatoes or something! Anyhow, to summarize, the food (taste/quality) was excellent, I have no complaints. My girl friends seemed to really enjoy the salad, which was pretty basic and simply made, but they scarfed it all down rather quickly, so it must have been good. The $235 "Best of N9NE" collection seemed worthy of its price as well; the menu says it serves four, but my boyfriend, two other guy friends, and my girl friend could barely finish it! And last, but not least, the decor was very cool/trendy, and the music was AWESOME. All in all, I had fun, and would definitely go back again!
4	Coming here on the Sunday before Christmas... the clientele isn't a bunch of bachelors and bachelorettes.  it's actually lots of friends and families (two with strollers!) coming together for a spendy good time.  We were seated right in the middle of the room, up against the center bar.  This would have been a problem if there were people sitting there since the stools end up being right at eye level and very close to the table.  Next time I'll be sure to request a booth (a room layout is on their website).  i didn't care for the decor.  The music wasn't as loud as i expected.  if only they were playing Christmas pop songs!I started off with a peach lychee martini, very delightful with fruit bits floating around in it.  We shared the rock shrimp appetizer.  It doesn't say on the menu that it is fried and served in an old-fashioned popcorn box!  I just loved this amusing presentation.  I passed on the lobster bisque since I was going to Aquaknox the next day.  I did order the surf and turf and wavered on the lobster mashed potatoes.  Though I have had lobster before, I made it at home for the first time the day prior.  I would say that home method is way cheaper, so easy, and the results not far from this restaurant!  The lobster on the entree was a mere single (large) claw split in half!  This sat atop a nicely done filet and (gasp) lobster mashed potatoes.  It was very difficult to judge by sight if the filet was cooked to medium rare.  The lighting is so awful, and the whole piece looked brown all the way through.  Later the overall lighting changed to a more pink hue showing off the rare center.  Very bizarre lighting.  The red wine sauce is good, though a little overpowering.  Another detail that amused me was that the plate was set down exactly such that the n9ne logo was at the nine o'clock hour.  For the side we shared the gnocchi, which was prepared like no other gnocchi I had ever seen before.  It's very smooth in the inside and crispy on the outside.  I probably ate 2/3 of the dish.  Its small size is very deceiving on its ability to be filling!  Other tables had what must have been skinny fries - literally a mountain of fries that no one could finish.  Although everyone seemed to be ordering s'mores for dessert, we went with the chocolate banana cream pie.  Again a wonderful n9ne presentation!  The pie itself was small and the crust very bitter, but I enjoyed the additional caramelized bananas on the side.  Lots of fun and hope to return!
3	I'm rating this place solely on the food/service.  I can't comment on whether or not the nightlife here makes the experience better.  We came during what must have been a down night as the only thing that made this place a club like atmosphere was the easily recognizable radio songs, expensive alcohol and strange lighting. We were seated promptly next to the center bar.  It was early and there were other tables full of people, but the restaurant was mostly empty.  The random assortment of bread was nothing to write home about, and I've spent enough time on it here.  There is a rather extensive daily menu, which serves to supplement their rather bare normal menu.  Nothing spectacular though, but if you're wavering it might make sense to call in and see what else they might have.We started with the rockshrimp appetizer, which was decently prepared and salted if nothing special.  You get chopsticks to eat it with though.  The kind that come in a wrapper without instructions on how to use chopsticks.  Classy.  Since the menu did not have a bone-in NY, I opted for the 22 oz bone-in porterhouse, medium rare.  We also ordered the gnocchi as a side, which is one of t he few times we've gone against popular Yelp opinion on sides. I have to comment on the service though.  Poor at this point is how it should be described.  Our appetizers were never cleared from our table, and sat in front of us, clearly done for a good 5-10 minutes.  When our steak arrived, the server had to remove our empty plates to set down our entrees.  He was surprised as he had to put our entrees back onto his platter.  That is unacceptable for the type of restaurant it is supposed to be.  When there is a head waiter, second waiter, water guy and server, something this simple should not go unnoticed on their part.We got our steak, and due to the poor lighting it was extremely difficult to tell by inspection how it was cooked.  Visuals don't matter though, taste does.  I'm pretty sure my steak was closer to a medium than to a medium rare though.  I'd be much more sure if they did not overuse the peppercorn on it.  The spice use was far too heavy handed, and really hid the flavor of meat. I was disappointed in the steak, but finished it.  I normally am tempted to pick up the bone and start gnawing on it, not here though.  It was not neceessarily bad, just not worth the price.  I had a bit of lobster and lobster mashed potatoes that my gf wound up with.  I'm glad we went against the lobster mashed potatoes though.  That was just strange.  Some things should not be combined and lobster is definitely a stand alone item to my tastes.  The gnocchi however was pretty tasty and very different.  I'm glad we chose that and even managed to clear that plate up.  We finished up and service was once again slow to get our dessert menus.  We went with the chocolate banana cream pie under 2 assumptions; I love banana cream pies and we would probably never come back.  Turns out the dessert was the most entertaining part of the meal.  Presentation of it was awesome (see picture posted above) and it was pretty tasty and definitely worth the price.  It had a lot going on with it, but I enjoyed each flavor, particularly the caramelized bananas.One last word of note, there is a bathroom attendant, so don't head in there unless you got a couple ones on you.  I wanted to make a bad pun about his job as he seemed pretty laid back, but I somehow managed to not and grabbed a jolly rancher from the tray and left.  All in all, I suppose on an on-night this place might be a great time, but if you're looking for food and service that is above average, look elsewhere.
4	Went to N9NE about a month ago with a group of friends.  Here are my notes:$69 Margarita?Nice hostessExpensive SteaksLong time for orderClaire spilled...No doiliesGood, BIG, burger (Kobe)Good ketchupGood pink pussyExtrapolations:-I was a bit inebriated at the time, but apparently there was a $69 margarita.  It was noted for two reason: 1) More than $10 for a drink and b) $69... hehe, 69... -Hostess was fine, unlike the bitchy, unfed, bottled blonde at MIX-Steaks were good but hella expensive... $50??-After we ordered, we sat around for like an hour.  Now, thinking about it, sober, I figure it is so that people will order more drinks and appetizers and make the restaurant more money.  Of which we did order more drinks and appetizers.  Sneaky bastards.-Claire spilled.  But also, I spilled.  And then Nicole spilled as well.  Again, lots to drink.-No doilies here, unlike MIX-The burger was fantastic, excellent, excellent burger.  So juicy, and thick, and cooked to perfection.  Awesome.-I remember the ketchup being very good as well.-The pink pussy I'm referring to - it was a drink, prosecco (the real stuff, not that jizz in a can that Paris Hilton is hawking); with prosecco ice cubes.  I think the drink was called the "Pink Pussycat" or something.  But we liked referring it to as the "Pink Pussy" - again, adolescent humor from some late-twenty-somethings.N9NE was really good, it is expensive, but it is expected for Vegas steakhouse, at the Palms.
4	With new places opening every month, it is so hard to choose.  N9NE always makes my list, no matter what.Lobster Tail, Lobster mash potatoes, filet and smores are my favorites.  If you can't get a reservation, dine in the sleek bar and enjoy the view of the sexy crowd.
4	A solid steakhouse that you would expect to go to.  Will say immediately that its not going to blow your socks off if you have visited a lot of steak houses around the nation but def. will not be dissapointed at the same time.  Got the bone in filet, lobster mashed potatoes and mac n cheese.  Lobster mashed was great but honestly not jaw dropping amazing.  I personally thought the mac and cheese was a tastier side.  Definitely wont go wrong here if in town and craving steak in an unconventionally cool and hip atmosphere.
4	Just went to Vegas for a little after-the holidays relaxation and, while we were there, decided to dine at N9ne Steak House at the Palms Hotel.  We arrived early and spent a short amount of time in the bar while our table was being prepared which allowed for a cocktail or two.  The drinks were perfect; however, for the price they should be.  I got a dirty martini with blue cheese stuffed olives...intoxicating and delicious!For dinner I ordered the Lobster Bisque and the Filet Mignon (medium-rare).  The waiter was a little slow on the uptake (proper silverware was not provided, bread but no bread plates, etc), but the restaurant was pretty chaotic so I cut him a break and enjoyed the company.  The bisque could have been hotter but tasted very good.  I think I would go for the mac-n-cheese or lobster mashed potatoes next time though.  The steak, on the other hand, was incredible!  Probably the best steak I've ever had.  We also ordered a bottle of the Molly Dooker Boxer (Shiraz) to go along with dinner.  If you have not had to opportunity to try it, you should. Excellent wine along with steak.  Definitely a fruit bomb and high on the alcohol content, but in my opinion these are not bad things.  Also one of the most reasonable bottles on the wine list.We passed on dessert since we were all relatively full and, after a quick espresso, we opted to hop the elevator to the bar at Alize, the French restaurant at the top of the Palms Hotel.  Great drinks and an incredible view of Vegas; what better way to finish off a fine meal?The bill for dinner was just over $100 each.  N9ne earned four stars based on the steak alone, although no one in our group had any complaints about their meal.  Had the waiter been a little more on point, I'd have even considered 5.
3	I'm not sure what everyone is raving about.  Though I thought Nine was certainly above average, I didn't think it was worth the money.The weird thing about their steak is that they serve it drenched in au jus.  They must have dead bovine mutliple personality disorder and can't really decide whether they're serving steak or prime rib.  While I can certainly appreciate a restaurant trying new combinations of things,  I don't think a restaurant that bills itself as a top notch steakhouse should deviate from a classic, simple steak seasoned only with salt, maybe pepper, and sauces (if any) served only on the side.  And the only case where this rule should be broken is if the combination is exceptional.  In this case, the combination is just plain weird.   In addition, the steak lacked any kind of discernable char.  The steaks were also very thin.  Not quite Denny's thin, but close.  All of the above were the case for my steak (the porterhouse)  and my friend's (the ribeye).The Garbage Salad, however, was pretty good.If you're in Vegas and want a good steak, go to the SW.  I went there the night after Nine and again confirmed that the SW really is that good.
5	Had an incredible meal there for my brother-in-laws bachelor party.  The steak (filet) was excellent, the wine (2000 Turnbull  Old Bull Red) was perfect and the chocolate desert with the 20 year Tawny Port was mood altering.
4	I really enjoyed the N9NE steakhouse at the Palms! The ambiance was very trendy (more like a club setting) with a caviar/champagne bar, private dining room, and a bar/lounge. Bachelor and bachlorette parties were thrown the night I was there, so you may want to consider having a private party there. The waiter we had was very attentive. I ordered their surf and turf, and it was delicious! Many of the items on their menu could be very pricey. Also, please be wary that you should get your steaks a litlte bit more rare than you're used to. Don't try to get it well-done if you like your steaks that way. Your steak might end up being very dry. It is one of the better steakhouses I've been to in Vegas. Go try it for yourself!
4	We organized a bachlorette party here and we had two major issues.  One the pre-fix menu and two the caviar bar seating.  Although most of my friends are rail thin, they can eat.  The menu included a taste of caviar, a garden salad and a petite filet.  The dessert was an ice cream cone.  Well, since the filet was more petite than we imagined, most of us were hungry...  We all laughed and said that we should of ordered the bachelor party menu (heh heh).  The other thing we had issue with was the bar seating.  I was sitting at one end and the bride to be was sitting at the other.  I don't think we shared one word the entire dinner.   In hind sight, we would have just made reservations for seven and had whatever we wanted... I would have ranked this a three, but the trendy atmosphere and the free admission to rain was worth the extra star.
5	Went here with a few friends for a "moving to Korea" party. Mood was festive for everyone that hadn't had their teeth kicked in by the total a-hole dealers at Venetian, but whatever, I don't totally blame Nine for that.  Bone in ribeye was excellent, I usually hate it when sauce come on the meat, but for me this au jus stuff worked, didn't overwhelm the beef at all.  Sides may have been the best part.  The gnocchi truffle side is about as good as it gets, and the death by potato was killer.  Wine list excellent as well, pricy as should be expected but with a number of relatively cheap but still good ones.  So why only 4 stars? One of my friends ordered rare, it came out medium.  He politely asked for a new steak.  Demon lady (not our server, not a manager, not sure who the hell she was actually) tells my friend he is wrong and that he doesn't know what he's talking about.  Food is one thing that you never doubt this dude on.  She then brings out a flashlight and shines it on the meat, cuts to the bone, and says "See, look, that's rare."  Well, yeah, the 2mm around the bone is red, congratulations demon lady.  Long story short, my friend ends up in the kitchen talking to the chef (who seemed cool enough), chef admits the steak is medium, not rare, and says he'll send a shrimp cocktail over.  Of course the freebie peace offering never comes probably because demon lady (who most likely had put on a spelunking style flashlight helmet on for more bogus meat inspections) was hunkered down on the crapper eating our shrimp cocktail.  The whole issue was actually pretty damn funny and made the dinner more entertaining.  So screw it... 5 stars.  One last thing, we saw smores being served which looked good so I told the squirrelly bus boy (who by the way just laughed and laughed all night long for no apparent reason - especially at our non-PC jokes which he really probably shouldn't have been laughing at) that I'd pay him to bring us over a free order of smores, and he just laughed again which I took as acceptance, but sure enough, just like the shrimp cocktail, it was a no show.  I have a strange feeling that demon lady and crazy laughing busboy spent the better part of our meal feeding each other shrimp and smores in a dark closet somewhere, lit only by the glow of a coal miner's helmet light. Spooky.
4	I had the seared tuna here and was disappointed, but I have to say my friend's porterhouse was one of the best cuts of meat I had ever tasted. Moral of the story: Order steak at a steakhouse. I will be back.
5	I am not a steak and potatoes gal, so normally a steakhouse isn't really my kind of place, but I came away from N9NE feeling it was one of the best meals I had in Vegas.The interior was intriguing. At most places, eyes are drawn outward at windows or art on walls. Here, the walls are stark concrete and eyes are drawn inward at the reflective interior columns and the center of the circular bar in the middle of the main floor. Colored lights created the atmosphere and I don't mean bright flashy lights. It was more mood setting light and the mood was a cool ambient chill. It doesn't hurt that some of the music was from my favorite band, Lemon Jelly. Our waiter was a big man, but gentle and helpful. He recommended a wine for our meal that he honestly thought complemented our food best. It so happened to be one of the less expensive ones.  It was a light pinot and we all loved it.Two of us were heading towards the Surf and Turf, 8 oz filet mignon, half a lobster tail, white truffle aioli and red wine sauce ($52?) and one was of us was getting just the filet mignon. But the waiter then mentioned the specials, bless him, that included veal tenderloin and king crab bernaise (same price as the steak and lobster) and I immediately switched over to the special.Absolutely no regrets, my beef was perfect, soft like butter. Delicious with the bernaise sauce too. Surf and Turf gal and I swapped bits from our plates and while hers was good, I just loved mine.We ordered a selection of sides, too. Mac and cheese (good, the pasta was spirals, yum), mushrooms with caramelized onions, green beans (perfectly crisp tender, even as leftovers 2 days later) and lobster mashed potatoes, a meal in itself.We arrived fairly late in the evening, maybe 9 pm, and lingered over our food until midnight. We were one of the last to leave, and nobody ever made us feel like we should go. I really can't fault them for a single thing, everything was perfect.
4	This place is a nightclub, but a nightclub with pretty darn good food.Me and the date were told, "you have to go to this place." I said to her, it better be good, because it was taking me away from my favorite steak place in Vegas, but whatever, it seemed cool.I walked in and just didn't feel cool enough. The fashion plates walked around, moving to a rock and roll soundtrack. Of course, considering it was the Palms you had a few people who thought cool was dressing up in a basketball jersey, but that's okay, the rest of the joint was dressed pretty well.The service was actually very good. Not snooty like you would expect in the place -- I was very frank about where my favorite place in town was, and he was okay with it. The level of service, including how soon they came back to check on us, was about perfect.The food came promptly, and the drinks were strong (maybe a bit too strong). We split a few dishes, including a porterhouse steak, and while it wasn't the best one I've ever had (read: Sullivan's in Anchorage, Alaska, and you can read my review on that), it was pretty good. You have to really impress me in food department, and because of that, it doesn't get five stars.The most fun about the dinner was the dessert -- they had this marshmallow and smores dish that is just too cool not to try.I'd go back, especially if the next stop on the Vegas tour was Ghostbar.
3	KC: Located at the Palms in Las Vegas, the clientele is trendy, sociable, and designed for group dining. We had a group of 10, all at the same table. But the curved shape of the table didn't allow us all to talk or even see each other. Wait staff was excellent and good looking. Not a good date place because you can't hear yourself talk. Very lounge like with a hip club vibe.Seafood appetizer came out on ice and was very, very good. Huge, gianormous shrimp cocktail. Specialize in desserts. Carrot cake satisfied 6 of us with one portion, while their yummy root beer floats added a twist t their menu option. Had the fillet mignon. $46 for the 8 oz. You have to order the sides separately and share if family style. The asparagus was very good as well.Co-worker loved the crusted salmon. "To die for!" And the salad selection could be a meal on its own.Go there hungry. Make a reservation. Not your ordinary, stuffy steakhouse.
5	We had n9ne of us for dinner here on a Saturday (yeah, ha ha to you too, funny (wo)man).  Though we had to wait 20 minutes past our reservation time, I'm through complaining about it on peak nights, as all restaurants seem to do it nowadays.In three words: really damn good.  Caviar appetizer: very solid, but what Visigoth doesn't like caviar?  The steaks were absolutely great and, surprisingly for Vegas, not ridiculously priced.  I pay more for a similar steak at the Met or El Gaucho in Seattle.  The sides were very good, too.  Wine list was well selected and extensive with, again, reasonable prices.  Anuhea, the sommelier (and I challenge you to find a nicer, more beautiful one at any restaurant ANYWHERE), was helpful and knowledgeable.  She's taking her Sommelier Guild diploma course this fall, so wish her luck.The scene is pretty much the Palms....at 39, I was one of the oldest people in there, but it wasn't annoying, which many of these types of places can be.Plus, Pete Rose walked in with what looked to be a major league (I'm so funny I can't stand myself) woman of the evening.  Apparently he still can't stay away from the gambling.  Yet another reason he should stay in the Barry Bonds Memorial You Fucked Yourself Out of the Hall of Fame Club.Go to this place...it's damn good.
4	My group came here for a late dinner Saturday night after Margaret Cho's show at the Pearl.  Our group of 9 had a reservation so we were seated immediately.  The decor and ambiance are everything you'd expect from the Palms, modern and trendy.  Take note, this restaurant (like Nove) is quite loud, so if you're looking for an quiet, intimate dinner for two, this might not be the place.I had the Surf and Turf which was excellent.  There are some less expensive options on the menu, so you "could" get out the door at under $50 a person if you don't order alcohol.  N9NE is definitely worth checking out.
4	I really had fun at this place.  The bar scene is decent and the crowds are younger and typically enjoying themselves too much (like me).  I've been here a few times and meant to write a review.  The last time I went I was with a friend of mine who is a school teacher in Vegas and she was really blown away.  This place definitely is not the kind of place you  go with a teachers salary.  I had intially tried to get a reservation and was told none were available.  I then talked to one of the casino hosts who a friend hooked me up with (Jesse... young asian guy).  And, magically we had a prime table at 8 PM.  You should dress to impress and plan on dancing the food off after dinner.  We went with another couple.. none of my friends had been there before and defaulted to steaks.  Becky had a filet (I think.. had a few drinks by dinner time).  It was cooked perfectly and was definitely a prime cut.  I tried it and while it was tender and moist I think in general Filet's lack flavor.  Mike had a bone in ribeye which  was  awesome and probably one of the best tasting steaks I've ever tried.  I don't remember what his wife had.  Since I've tried the steaks before and quite frankly in my opinion steaks at the high end steak places all pretty much taste the same to me whether its mortons, ruths, capital grille etc.. I think they differentiate themselves with atmosphere, service, and the sides.  I had a lobster that they cracked for me.  It was ridicoulous.  I think it was like 3 lbs. and I would suggest if you are going to try this you should ask the price first.  I'm pretty sure this lobster was around $150.  It was good, cooked perfectly and lots of butter.  The sides were pretty good, but nothing remarkable.  We had the mashed potatoes.  I think there was lobster in it (but not much).  For some reason I'm pretty sure they didn't have asparagus, which was disappointing.  Overall a fun experience, great service, good atmosphere, and I definitely suggest hitting the "Ghost Bar:" next door.
4	Our group of twenty came here for dinner. It was the surf and turf. We also did this as a bachelor party which got us access to all the clubs at Palms.Our servers were awesome. They handled the group well. We didn't wait for much. Our group is light hearted and our servers were quick with their own jokes.I had the 24oz bone-in ribeye. Yummy. The sides were very tasty. We started with oysters and giant prawns. Lobster tail was served for four. It was a good time at our table. Our event planner had so nicely decided that dessert would be a nice shot of Patron. We got to meet the chef but there is a story there.
5	My husband and I dined here last month while in Vegas and it was good. Damn good. We had dined at N9ne previously and were less than impressed so this was a great surprise.We started with the avocado, tomato, and mozzarella salad which was garnished with balsamic and jalapeno and the crab cakes with creme fraiche. I mean, cream my pants good, these were. For a main course, we share the bone in filet, and the lobster mac n cheese. The filet was perfectly cooked, and the mac n cheese was incredible and rich. I couldn't get enough. We finished our meal with the tabletop S'mores which was a delightful treat after an incredibly satisfying meal.
4	One of my favorite restaurants.  Love the Kobe beef burger with everything on it; grilled onions, cheese, lettuce and tomato.  You have to get the smoars for desert and roast your own marshmallow.  This place is Hip and a fun place to people watch.
5	We went for an early Saturday dinner, and the atmosphere was perfect - not too loud for conversation.  The surf and turf was incredible, surpassing my wildest expectations.  The mac and cheese was a glorious cheesy gift from heaven.  Desserts were good too, but how much dessert can you eat after that much delicious steak?
3	Too expensive and too noisy. The staff was extremely helpful though because we came in about 10-15 min before closure time. They did us the favor of taking us in for dinner anyway, even though the kitchen was closing.It was an experience but I'd never go back, all that money didn't give me back anything remarkable to remember, the steak wasn't even that good.For the same price, go to Ruth's Chris Steakhouse which is close by, you'll get a steak that's 5 times better.
4	Loved the 24 oz. bone-in ribeye.  Loved it so much, I finished it all in one sitting before hitting up the clubs.  So far, the best ribeye I've had at any steakhouse.  The lobster bisque was only ok...had a lot of shredded lobster but still not much flavor.  Ambiance:  be prepared to speak loudly or read lips as the venue is filled w/ loud music & conversation.
5	N9NE is one of my favorite Vegas spots.  I've been here numerous times and I've never had a single negative thing to say about this place.For me N9NE comes across as a mix of old and new Vegas - not that I ever experienced old Vegas first-hand.  It's classy-chic ambiance is decidedly modern, while the servers are dressed in a more retro, classic style.  I find it to be a bit of a welcome juxtaposition.  My dining experiences have generally been at peak times when it is definitely crowded and noisy -- as it should be.  This is a place to see and be seen, all of the noise and commotion help bring it to life.The service has always been fantastic.  I almost have a sense of privilege whenever I am interacting with a server, barista, or host here.  Some servers have stood out in my mind more than others, but that can be said of most places.The food is absolutely delicious and by far my favorite part of the N9NE experience.  Their Surf-and-Turf is simply unrivaled.  I have witnessed people who do not like lobster in awe after their first bite of the lobster, trying to control themselves as to not devour the whole thing immediately!  The Bone-in Ribeye is also fantastic.  But, then again, everything is fantastic.I remember well and fondly all of my meals at N9NE.  For me it stands out as a first-rate dining experience.  Can't wait to go back!
5	I am a carnivore!  I eat meat! LoLSo my new boss recommends this restaurant to me and says they have great steaks and he was right.  N9NE Steakhouse is absolutely great!  I had the 22 oz Porterhouse and the gf had the Surf and Turf.  We also had the Lobster Mashed Potatoes as our side dish.  My steak was cooked perfectly medium rare - charred on the outside and pink with a little red all the way through!  Her Surf and Turf was a Filet Mignon with a Lobster Tail on top which tasted great.  The Lobster Mashed is rich and creamy and full of lobster - a must try! All in all we had 2 drinks, 2 entrees and 1 side and the bill came out to approx $160 not including tip.  Not bad, a bit pricey, but what do you expect from Vegas?  Great food, will definitely return again and again!
4	Very loud, seen and be seen place.  The food was overall pretty good namely the lobster [worth every penny of the $160 price tag], the filet and lobster mashed.  others were fair.  definitely will come back on someone else's dime.
4	Gotta love N9NE steakhouse at the Palms.  Beautiful people, exceptional service, and stellar food.  What a combo.
3	This is a happening place filled with hot people eating pretty yummy dead cow.  With that said, the steaks are not that great considering the price.  I still like this place though.  I mean, it's a feast for the eyes as well as the taste buds with all the people watching you can do.
5	This is a VERY Sexy Place ! Get the Japanese oysters to kick start it right, you won't be disappointed and neither will he or she ! Did I mention sexy oh, and the food and service are GREAT ! Their Sommeliers are completely knowledgeable and intelligent. You should go, trust me !
3	A happenin', see-and-be-seen place... definitely. It's in the Palms for crying out loud.Regarding the food, however, I'm sad to say I've had better steaks at nice steakhouses. My brother and I split the 40oz rib eye, and we both thought it was just okay. This is just a personal thing, but I don't like my steaks pre-cut; I like cutting them myself. It completes the steak experience, if that makes any sense.The lobster mashed potatoes, though good, didn't meet the hype. In fact, I thought the mushroom mashed potatoes that came w/ our steak was better.The creamed corn was good but not up to par w/ the one at Lawry's.I liked the creamed spinach w/ the melted cheese on top as well the asparagus.The overall taste of the food was more on the salty side as I found myself constantly needing to rehydrate, but that brings me to the next point: the service here is immaculate. Very professional, attentive and hard-working. Made for an enjoyable meal.
3	This place was pretty decent, but definitely not as chic as I thought it would be for a celeb hot spot. A little bit too dark even for a steakhouse and the interior design work doesn't work for me.  Another weird thing is that all the hosts had the exact same color of blonde hair.... hmm...ON TO THE FOOD!I was NOT swayed by the steaks unfortunately, but the LOBSTER was FANTASTIC! My hubby ordered the NY steak with lobster tail and it was absolutely lovely... melted in my mouth. YUM.  My cousin, sister and I ordered the 40 oz. bone-in ribeye "for two" and we couldn't finish it!  I already gave the complaint that the meat wasn't hot at all, just lukewarm, but I've heard meat gets cold easily when it's pre-cut for you.  I'd rather have a hot slab of meat that I need to cut myself, thank you!I usually get the ribeye for the flavor, but ours was just whatever.  My hubby's New York steak was pretty dang bland, all you could taste was the crispy layer of salt on top.OK** IMPORTANT!** Am I one of the few people that thought the famous Lobster Mashed Potatoes were BLAH??? We didn't even finish them, and the $15 dish came in this TEENY weeny plate.  I didn't even taste any lobster, there were no chunks in them. What a waste!! For sides, just go for the creamed corn and stick to the bread. I can't believe the reviews actually said to get the lobster mashed potatoes.I think there was too much hype about this place.  The service was OK with the men in white jackets & all.... their bread was pretty good, but their steaks should make me forget about the bread!  We didn't get dessert but I got a cappuccino that was pretty good.  It ended up being pretty dang expensive.Nothing terrible, but  nothing great or fantastic about their food, service or experience. Seems a bit on the snobby side... or maybe it was because we were a group of Asians.  They never seem to know what to do with us.Did NOT have:- the charm, warmth and history of Mastros (their lobster mashed potataoes were much better!)- the great experience of Flemings (when they were super nice to us even though we came in flipflops & jeans from the beach)- any type of specialty to their steaks, like Ruth Chris & their butter
5	This establishment is neck and neck with Palm Springs Chop House (see prior review) as one of the better dinners I've ever consumed.  I ordered the breaded lamb chops that were cooked and seasoned to perfection.  My boy ordered the ribeye and it was like cutting through butter.  No A1 or sauce necessary.  If it ain't broke don't fix it boyeeeee!  The only small compaint I had was the lighting.  It was very dark, and I think they kind of over did it there but it certainly didn't take away from my exceptional dining experience.  One more thing....I saw the two guys from that show on MOJO called I Bet You.  I went up to them and gave them props for their show and they treated me as if they actually were famous.  Hey guys no one knows who you are and you aren't that cool.  If any of my fellow yelpers ever see either of those dildos please give them a swift kick in the nuts from me.  That's all!
2	Now first off I actually liked this place. The bar area was cool, and my food was good, but the service killed it for our group. We had a group of 15 by the way.I had the Alaskan Halibut that was great. The wine I ordered was great and the service was fine until our food started to come out. One of my friends had the Kobe burger. They ordered it medium.  When the got it the outside of the burger was charred. So they asked the waiter if they could get another.  The manager comes over and asks my friend to cut the burger in half and says look in the middle, that is medium.  Now first off, when a burger is $25 and when you are providing a service a restaurant would favor the customer.  Well it wasn't until we got the head manager that they took the burger away.  Now for one that was bad service, but that was just the start.We ordered 2 dishes of the gnocchi.  I got my dish and it was damn good, but my cousin did not.  So when there were 2 gnocchi left on the platter, he picks it up, walks it down to the other side of the table and says here is your dish.  We were all like what the fuck did he just do?  So now my other cousin is quite upset, the manager comes over and the waiter apologizes to me, but not my cousin Tiff and her friend. So we had to remind him that he didn't even say sorry to them.  2 strikes of bad service.  Now I really enjoyed the food I ate, but the service just killed it and there are always many fine restaurants to eat elsewhere.But the best part of the night is me and my cousin met Paul Pierce from the Celtics.  He was waiting in the bar area and we just walked up to him to congratulate him on winning the championships.  He was very nice and shoot our hand.  He is hands down a stand up guy. We also saw Jaimie Fox walk in as we were headed out.  It was the UFC fight weekend so there were a  lot of celebs around.
5	Hands down the best steak I've ever had.Came here a couple years back for my 25th with a group of friends and was SUPER impressed.Not to mention we ended up doing Jager bombs with Billy Idol at the bar here as well.... damn that man can drink. ;)
5	The hustle and the bustle of Las Vegas needs to carry on into the dinner scene. N9NE was a perfect transition from partying all day at the pool to getting sleek and sexy for the night life. With a "scenie" bar as the perfect waiting area and cocktail grotto, the fun kicks up... but wait there is more... THE FOOD!Oh my, our delicious schmorgesboard of food was undeniably the best meal I've had in recent days. From the perfectly stuffed with crab "shrooms", "The Big tuna" was big in flavor, the oysters, the sashimi... oh so good! The best was the meal itself, the surf and turf with the white truffle aioli...WOW. We also got a HUGE boat of a plate of shoe-string fries courtesy of our neighbors. When it was time for desert, we couldn't even entertain the idea of the smores or the lava cake or the cheesecake... but of course we tried all and they were all fantastic. This place does NOT disappoint! Thanks JESSIE!
5	Was in Vegas for a conference and had a night where we all had the chance to grab a nice bite.  We were already staying at the Palms so, logically we came here to eat.  It was midweek so it was pretty easy to get a reservation.Located between RAIN and Ghost Bar, it's centrally located to side of the casino closest to the elevators to both towers.  When I got inside, I immediately noticed the modern decor and purple mood lighting.  I liked.  There's a bar immediately to the right, and the main dining room next to it with some private rooms farther inside.Food: I started off with the lobster bisque, we shared the ahi tuna tartar, and then I shared a rib eye steak and order of seared scallops.  The bisque was good - not the best I've had but excellent.  It had a large chunk of lobster on a plate, and they proceeded to pour in the piping hot soup on top of it.  Just the way I like it.  The ahi tuna was typical - nothing special here, but presentation was very nice.  It came out in a kind of cone shaped hand-roll style.  The real treat was the main courses.  The rib-eye was by far one of the best steaks I've had anywhere.  Juicy and tender, it melted in your mouth and was full of flavor.  The other dish, the seared scallops were equally as good, being extraordinarily fresh and large.  Each scallop was probably 2-3 inches in diameter.  Didn't have the chance to have any desserts because we were definitely stuffed after the meal, but I would love to revisit and try again.  Highly recommended - even with the other great choices Vegas has to offer these days!
5	Came here for a Bachelor Party, I swear the girls here are hotter then in the clubs!Hottest crowd award, beautiful ppl everywhere!!some might be professionals but still.Service = Awesome, they won't stop refilling my Fuji water, at $8 bucks a bottleAmbiance = Ultra-posh, could be a club if they dim down the lights, did i mention the beautiful pplFood = Lobster mash potato was a bit disappointing but everything else just awesome, did i mention the beautiful ppl.  make sure if your going for the crowd reserve earlyPrice = $$$$$Crowd = Casting for American top ModelPersonal Favorite = Ambiance, Steak is awesome too!Worst = paying 30 for water, oh yea it Fuji that makes it okMeal for two = 230Final Say = Favorite steakhouse in LV!
4	Everything about my experience here was amazing. The service was fantastic, the food was excellent, and the atmosphere was great. The one thing I absolutely suggest is reserving your table early because reservations get booked up here fast! I had the filet, and I'd like to say I'm a big steak girl so I get pretty picky when it comes to my steaks and thankfully this one was amazing! Our waiter was extremely friendly and mindful of our time constraints ( we had to make it out of there in time to get into one of the clubs on a guest list). I'll definitely be making it back here on my next trip to Vegas!
5	My friends took us here for my birthday.  At first glance, the decor is kind of industrial cold.  But from our table view, it actually was pretty cool.  High vaulted ceiling - almost a silver color.  Two columns covered in those little square mirrors, like on a disco ball.  Round bar in the middle of the dining room, and another bar on the side near the entrance.To start, I had the lobster bisque.  One of my all time favorite soups.  This one was served with a lump of lobster meat in the middle of the bowl - and then the bisque poured over it at the table.  Cool presentation, but at first, I thought the lobster was some kind of rice-cake and that it had come to the wrong table.  No, no, no... it was chunks of lobster meat that eventually was swimming in creamy soup.  So rich.  So divine.  I've had many a lobster bisque since I was little, and this definitely ranks as one of the top on my list.For dinner, I had the 8oz filet mignon with Bearnaise sauce.  It was cooked absolutely perfectly with a pepper crust.  My husband had the bone in rib-eye steak, and our friends shared a 40oz rib-eye for two.   I've never seen so much steak on one table before!For the sides, no question we had the mac and cheese (just serve me up a whole bowl of that and I'll be happy), creamed corn (the table favorite), and their version of potatoes au gratin - they call it Julie's hot potatoes (not so much a favorite).  If anything, get the mac and cheese, and definitely the sweet corn.  All the sides had left overs even though shared by four people.Too full for dessert.  Absolutely worth the trip off the main strip.
5	This place is #2 in the world to me!  Peter Lugar's in Brooklyn is the #1.Lugar's is more of an old (century old building and staff)  This is the pose cool desert equal.Lobster Mashed potatoes?  Are you kidding me?  That is genius!Big strong cocktails and a big strong bill.  Who cares it was great!  I am a huge fan.  More huge due to this steak house.
4	fucking great.
4	I started with a Pink Pussycat.   I'm just sayin.What a great way to start the night before the Pimps and Ho's party at the Palms.  And what a ho I was! First a winning hit at the roulette table followed by 40oz bone-in.  And the steak was delicious too.But seriously folks.  Gorgeous lighting.  Fabulous wine.  And the waitress folded our napkins everytime we got up to go to the bathroom (hey Di, I know there was a t.v. in the bathroom, but jeesus woman--come back!)  They start you out with a basket 'o fun here so play cool because those hot prezels will get you and before you know it you've had too many glasses of the pink stuff and withtthe hot mustard stuff your first entree will be a distant memory.  Also, if you are a waitress there and some girl named Amy orders wine--please make sure you pour ALL of the wine into the decanter because she will flag you down. Good thing there was a man in purple spandex and a pimp hat on next to us or that would have been really embarassing.Last but not least is the "dress code" that goes on in this joint.  Besides all of the costuming going on here there was also this underground knowledge that if you are of the male gender you must be in jeans and a white pinned stripe shirt or you are nothing.  I'm really asking this question:  guys, is this a thing? or has sean john forwarded an email that his staff has gone on vacation?  It was the scariest thing I have ever seen. Let your damn girlfriends pack for you even if you are on an all-guys trip!Loving the n9ne.  Viva la Pimps 'N Ho's!!!
5	Wow, what a freaking expensive bill.  Regardless, this place was fun. Super delicious food and drinks.  This is was my schedule: 7-9pm: Blackjack Tables, which were only like 30 yards away from the Steakhouse9:30pm-12AM: Eat and drink, a bill for 5 people was $56712am-whatever: walked out of the steakhouse and took the elevator up to the clubsBe ready to spend "mula" when you come here.
2	Great place if you want to see and be seen... I brought my husband to N9NE for his birthday because it was highly recommended -- but we were super disappointed.Food: Average, nothing too memorableService: Not very polite or attentiveThey should realize that pretentious bullying and inattentive service is sooo 80s!Recommend the bar only.
5	2 WordsBone-in Ribeye 2 More wordsTruffle Fries2 last wordsThe Steak and FriesOk, so that's 4 words, but it's really only about that Ribeye and the fries.  I never knew a Bone-in Ribeye existed till I ate at N9NE. It was like something out of the flintstones, HUGE and DEEELICIOUS. I couldn't  finish it. I was definitely full from the appetizers. We had a cold shellfish platter, fresh and amazing. They have wonderful seafood at a  steakhouse. But my favorite thing was the truffle fries.  I'm not a huge fan of fries but these fries could be an accompaniment to my death row meal. Everyone knows this place is modern, sleek and sexy.  It adds to the dining experience.  If you don't want to go for a long drawn out dinner, opt for the bar and have one of their specialty cocktails and an order of truffle fries. If you opt for dinner, the Bone-in Ribeye is the way to go. *Special shout out to Andy & Tiff for taking us out to an incredible dinner.
3	Hot damn, this place is pricey.  6 people spent, with tip, about $525, and that was for 1 appetizer, 3 side dishes, 6 glasses of wine, 3 8 oz fillet mignon, 1 porterhouse, 1 lamb dish, 2 burgers, and 3 desserts.  Okay, it isn't the most expensive place ever, but it is more spendy than your usual place in LV.  And it was good, don't get me wrong, the food was fine, the service was pleasant, it was a nice experience.  I didn't like the decor; it looks like a nightclub that happens to serve steak.  If I'm eating a 50 dollar plate of lamb, I don't want to yell at my dining companions to be heard over the blare of really bad 90's rock music.  The environment is sterile and cold, with silver and black tones.  I just don't get it.  Why charge that much for food and then have a lackluster, boring, cold, loud dining room?   I probably wont ever go back, but it was a nice birthday dinner for my sister and the s'mores plate was delicious.  Creme brulee was also good, the snickers dessert was not impressive.
3	I guess I'll go ahead and describe the place, although I think it's well defined in the previous reviews - it looks like a hip club that serves food. The private rooms are certainly ideal, otherwise you'll be yelling at your company....which is good or bad, depending on whether you actually want to have a conversation with people.After having El Gaucho in Seattle the week before, I was excited to try a place that I heard was good for steaks. Unfortunately, it was alright. Nothing to write home about. We should've tried the Rideye, which I had heard was their money dish (literally and figuratively).Bonus points for their sides, though. They were ALL delicious. I don't think you could go wrong with any of them.
1	Went here with eight of my best friends for my bachelor party dinner just weekend.  While our rib eye steaks were quite good, and the side were good as well, our $120 shellfish platter was absolutely terrible and a disgrace.  First of all, all items were served too cold, as if they hadn't finished defrosting yet.  The lobster, oysters, and shrimp were all tasteless.  The clams had a downright bad taste and the mussels were over cooked.About 1/2 an hour following the meal, several of us, including myself, began to feel dizzy and sweat profusely.  Then the fun began as we took turns vomiting violently our $1500 meal into our hotel room toilet.  There was no question that the cause was... bad shellfish.  Fortunately we were able to purge most of the evil from our system and continue our evening.To add insult to injury, the restaurant refused to add the bill to our room tab, claiming that it was too large.  Too large!  We should get special treatment for spending $1500 at this mediocre establishment.  This meant that this money poorly spent did not even count towards future comps from our hotel.Even thought the steaks were good, you would expect consistency for that amount of money.  I just called the restaurant and was transfered to the managers office, which rang 20 times with no answer.  Then called again and they told me they are going to have a manager call me back when they get in at 3pm.  Am now wondering why they even tried to transfer me to the manager's office when no one was in!Will wait to see what they have to say, but likely will not be returning to this vomitorium in future.
2	This place has received some major props, but I was sorely disappointed from the beginning. I made our resrevations 2 months in advance, and was told to look out for an email confirmation. After 2 weeks when it didn't come I called in to confirm and they said they would send an email again. Again, it didn't come - in fact, it never came. Being that it was for a bachelorette dinner on a very booked weekend, I needed to have some sort of confirmation. So it was troublesome to have to call in repeatedly to  confirm. Finally they day arrives and we look forward to one of the best meals ever. Unfortuantely, the chefs were a bit salt shaker happy because almost EVERYTHING was TOO salty - it ruined everything! None of us could finish a single plate. It was so sad. A $60 steak and only four bites from it. I only finished two of my five scallops. I complained to our waiter, and thankfully they tried to make up for it by sending us several desserts. That was the only highlight of the dinner. Still, not worth the almost thousand we spent that night. Our waiter was very cool, but we will never go again. Since then, I have been to Strip Steak twice and have never been failed. I'm going to Vegas again in two weeks and my sister said she wanted to try N9ne - I said no way in hezzy - we'll be at Stripe Steak for sure - hell, I'd rather be at Black Angus then N9ne.
5	By far my favorite restaurant I HAVE EVER been to in my life. Service was attentive and helpful. I plan Vegas trips around going to N9NE...The scallops on the menu are my favorite but the prep changes seasonally. I welcome the change. Julies potatoes are the best!!! They are Au Gratin potatoes with jalapenos, a spicy food lovers dream!!! The gnocchi on the menu is heaven as well. Save room for dessert!!! There is chocolate fondu!!!
5	On the recommendation from a fine dining and steak connoisseur(actually, a comedian's message board from the man himself, but the dude has exhibited good taste in the past...) I took my wife to N9NE at the tail end of May.I was ill-prepared to be well-dressed as it was vacation, but not only did they seat us with courtesy but had no problems getting us in on last-minute reservations.  Stewart, our table assistant, was excellent in handling explanations and service for my wife and I.  The food lived up to billing - from beginning to end, from salads to steaks to desserts.  The meat was prepared to spec, and required no additional seasoning or additives - nor was it over-prepared or over-salted.  At the end of the night, the bill was more reasonable than I expected.  All staff was courteous and friendly from the time we entered the facility to our departure.  N9NE is on my planned stopping point in January when I go back for a conference.And I'll ask for Stewart.
5	N9ne is my favorite Steakhouse in Vegas.  I have eaten there several times and am always treated like a High Roller.  Food is always wonderful and the staff is very knowledgeable and friendly.  I love the Bone in Ribeye and any of the sides.  One night I mentioned that I was  surprised that they didn't have Asparagus on the menu and along with my meal came a plate of the best grilled Asparagus I've ever had!  Talk about great customer service. Another fun aspect of N9NE is the vibe.  It is one of the top places in Vegas to hang out and people watch.  I have spent several enjoyable nights at the bar enjoying some wine and watching the "beautiful people" of Vegas at play.
2	two words....hella trendy. the food is aiiight. i've had better steak but it was decent. i guess they built up the hype too much. it's vegas and in the palms, afterall. the place is filled with trendsetters and/or people pretending to be trendsetters. for better food and classier atmosphere go to del friscos.
5	If I were God and I was faced with the task of writing Heaven's menu, I would draw a significant amount of my inspiration from the folks over at N9NE. Most restaurants, like most people, have an area of weakness. In my two visits to N9NE, I have yet to find theirs. Everything is good. The scallops are fantastic, the lobster mac and cheese is... well, lobster mac and cheese, the cocktail list is inventive, and, while you'll be hard pressed to find less than stellar service anywhere in Vegas, that at N9NE is a step above the rest. Food, service, cocktails, ambiance... N9NE is the complete 5 star package.The best of the best? The surf in turf is stacked (cited from the bottom up): mashed potatoes, a mouth watering filet, and de-shelled lobster, which is then topped with a truffle cream sauce. Yea.If I were to dare speak a bad word about N9NE, it would only be that as rich and heavy as the food here is it doesn't always make for the best "party till the sun comes up in my barely there Vegas-only attire" precursor. After dinner in both of my experiences I felt a lot more like going and trying out the plush hotel beds you pay an arm and a leg for and never use than I did raging. In an effort to keep the party going, I suggest a round of espresso cocktail shots for the table.Prices are steep. Luckily money and calories aren't an object in my heaven.
3	While the N9ne has many reviews across the spectrum of Yelp, my dining experience left me with a an overall indifferent feeling for the restaurant.The food is great. The food is also expensive.The night we were there, the bar was far too crowded to be of much use to anyone. The crowdation was much past the "hip" or "cool" point of person density.The mood of the restaurant felt inexplicably dated with a certain polish over the top to give you the impression that this restaurant was built yesterday.I had the filet mignon, which was expectedly a delicious steak. The steak was not as good as the filet mignon I heard the previous night at the Bellagio steak house. I'd recommend heading over to the Bellagio if you're looking to drop a lot of dough.
5	One of my other favorite places in Vegas.  Great steaks and seafood.  Also a great place to see and be seen.  Great service.  The lobster mashed potatoes are off the chain, but I highly recommend the garbage salad. Don't let the name fool you, it's one of the best things on the menu.
5	This place is always a sure bet after years of going! There is something about sitting at the bar that makes it even better. Love Love the steak and the gnocci and lobster mac and cheese is unbelieveable. Favorite spot to have a dirty martini. They play the latest music and the crowd is fun to watch. The bartenders are really great and take care of you. I still love how the lights change color for some reason its almost entrancing...The middle circle bar is a nice architectural draw and the ambience rocks
5	N9ne's got that dang digga-dang da-dang da-dang dang.Let's boogie.SERVICE is "absolutely" attentive, friendly, and professional. FOOD is Fresh.1. Seafood: Oyster & caviar = Refreshing,  Prawn & Crab leg = some healthy meat on these guys.2. Kobe burger: I have to admit that I do not like fresh cut fries until I came to N9ne. They always soak up too much oil and tend to come out tan brown.  So generally, I like the pre-made fries that are fried (i.e. Fatburger fat fries and the like).  However, the brick-like gangster fries that accompany the Kobe burger are stupendous. They come out piping hot, so let them sit for a minute. The portion is deceptively generous. (Even to the trained eye with an appetite, it looked as if it could have been conquered. Not even close.) This burger is so rich that it gets gender specific because it's hard to go through it alone - if you are a girl. I must note that this delicious burger was so rich, it was hard for me to digest. But that's purely a personal hiccup because I don't eat meat often so it's always hard for me to digest beef.3. Killing Me Sweetly.  You got it  - time for Desserts.Tried the whole dessert menu. So, out comes a marble slab as long as a coffee table with every dessert that is offered at the restaurant. The pix do not give it justice of how massive the dessert sampler is. Because of this, my party closed down the place far past the closing hour. After the intial shock & intial purring, immediately, universal mind control took hold. I knew I liked it and all of them were calling my name. I loved all the desserts and so to break down each and every dessert would probably make this review my longest one ever.  Since all the desserts were sinfully seducing, it's safe to order any dessert here and walk away happy. However, something worth mentioning is the colossal carrot cake. I love carrot cake.  But through the years, I've come across many a carrot cakes suffocating in cinnamon & nutmeg.  To the point where I stopped selecting carrot cake as a dessert option. Then, I come here and eat my favorite carrot cake to date. Now, to the masses who have become used to the heavy cinnamoned & overpowered nutmegged out carrot cakes, this carrot cake might taste too mild for you. Honestly, this is how a perfect carrot cake should taste. 4. Drinks are on par. AMBIANCE: Love the blue lighting and the restaurant layout.  Very spacious with high ceilings and even though the place was filled to capacity, I didn't get that crowded feeling. Mix of LA vibe, Sex & the City night out, & a touch of Vegas.  Plus, Kid Rock & entourage and one of Russell Simmons guy was there. Whoooooooo's house? Run's house. (Run DMC wasn't there though. Whaddaya gonna do!)Peep the pix.Parking = self (free) & valet parking. Own lot. Location = in the corner. To the right of the line that forms for the bottom entrance of Ghost Bar. (4.5 stars, rounded up for good measure.)
2	Unfortunately, the lighting in this "Trendy" establishment leaves a lot to be desired... I don't know - call me picky, but if I'm gonna pay $55 for a nice medium rare steak, I would like to enjoy the redness when I cut it open instead of having my meat look blue! I guess the cool dim "South Beach" fluorescent lighting is so that all the Hunks and the Babes can look hot.On a positive note, I gave 2 stars for the service which I actually thought was great! The waiter was very helpful and enthusiastic (must of been the 18% tip on a $600 bill) my Arnold Palmer was always full when I reached for it.
5	I LOVE N9NE!!! LOVE IT!!! The first time I went was for a birthday dinner with genevieve m and we had course after course of all the delicious sides, along with multiple shots to go along with the dinner. We were put in one of the side rooms because there were so many of us, so the noise level wasn't too bad. Lobster mac and cheese....I dreamt about you last night, and am now considering flying to Vegas just for you..... This past weekend I was lucky enough to dine at N9NE again with the beautiful Destiny. We were sat at the bar, which was perfect for seeing and being seen....if you know what I mean ;) http://static.px.yelp.com/photo/6IN-b4KZLQHdZC_b2ApYmA/l We enjoyed their caviar bar menu, so caviar appetizer, salad, fillet with shrimp and then ice cream in a cone for dessert. We enjoyed this meal for free, which was amazing, but I would definitely go back and pay every penny to eat it all over again. http://static.px.yelp.com/photo/ebg9NrpXM9rnLS2V3abt8g/l My group of girls literally licked our plates, everything was SOOO good. While food coma began to set it, our wonderful bartender made us espresso shots, and then kept making more....mmm.....dance party in our chairs! http://static.px.yelp.com/photo/uhrQt43cIGJKSAHztVLjbA/l
5	very delish.  Very expensive.  Just order a ton and share it all!  the best is the "Add a lobster tail" option which I totally opted for.  Steak is divine.  Seafood is divine...total scene, but went back in december and it was totally empty..
5	BEST STEAKHOUSE IN VEGAS.Service - ImpeccableAtmosphere - Hip, chic, full of A-list celebs and sports starsFood:  SuperbI'm always impressed with something new on the menu.  They actually have decent fish in the sashimi starter.  The GARBAGE SALAD is a standard go-to.  All the sides are good   The desserts are amazing.  You can make your own smores at the table.  This is the only carrot cake I will eat - it's basically 4 sticks of butter with a little carrot cake mixed in.  And of course the steak - it's the best I've had in Vegas.  The "bone-in ribeye" here is lights out.
4	The best steak I have ever had  - EVER! It's not cheap but if it was it wouldn't be so good ya know? Dinner for two was about $150 before tip. Hubby and I shared the Rib Eye for 2 for $89. It comes with a twice baked potato and that's it...but it's so much meat that is really all you need.  We ate all we could and had a ton left over.  The s'mores are super yummy and fun to eat for dessert. I have a hard time eating a steak any place else because I always compare it to the steaks I've eaten at n9ne.
5	Everything about the meal was excellent. I ordered the surf and turf which was amazing and my date ordered 2 pounds (yes, TWO pounds!) of crablegs and oyster shooters. Everything tasted absolutely amazing. Service was amazing. Atmosphere great. Definitely 5 stars, nothing to complain about.Tip: Be prepared to drop some $$$ though! Well worth it though!
5	I went here for my bachelorette party last year & was here last weekend with my husband and family. I would say it doesn't feel like a steakhouse, but more like a lounge that serves steak. I did enjoy the ambiance, very Vegas-like with the colorful lighting and the upbeat music. Reservations is a must. We started with the caviar on creme fraiche & potato pancakes. Yummy.  For our entree we ordered the bone-in ribeye for 2 for $89. It was delicious! The service was excellent & our sommelier did a superb job. Along with the bottle of wine, we spent $200 for the 2 of us. Not bad. Can't wait to try their other dishes.
2	Not especially impressed.  Went here on a friday night to experience the scene.The place is a bit loud, which is fine, and the room is open with attached lounge and a serving bar in the middle of the restaurant.Our server was a bit weird.  I guess the management is trying to hire servers with some "edge" but it might be a bit much for some people.  I guess I'm partial towards hot female servers.  Anyway, I can't fault the server because he was friendly enough.The food was not great and overpriced.  I ordered all their "featured" items on the menu.  The appetizer was popcorn shrimp in a basket served with some dipping sauce.  Just okay.  Entree was their specialty steak.  It was good, but not worth the price (~60US).  I don't mind spending that much (had already spent combined $800 on previous two dinners), but considering I can get better steak from a high end steak restaurant in Winnipeg, it did not impress.My company had french onion soup to start and ribeye for two.  The french onion soup base contained alot of tomato for some reason.  I've never seen french onion soup prepared like that.  Questionable.  My foodie companions were less than impressed.  Their ribeye was also just okay.We skipped dessert.Best restaurant in the Palms is Alize, hands down.  I guess people are paying for the scene but we didn't really see it...
5	oh..one of my favs..I love n9ne..i think i have tried the majority of fish and veg. entrees on their menu..this is one of my all time fav. spots..i was born and raised in vegas..and i always bring people here..their is eye candy all over, celebs dining..great bar for quick dining and amazing food..Barry the head chef is amazing..I am a picky eater..and he is MORE than accommodating brings out the old ass balsamic vinegar for me...makes me special salads with gorgeous tomatoes and extra veggies...w/o cheese!ask for it..and its done..usually order the seafood tower..i love the shrimp and stone crabs..the sashimi platter but i ask for no salmon and extra yellowtail :) God im a pain in the ass..I order a big green salad with special balsamic on the side..the seabass plain..with sauce on the side..seamed asparagus with NO butter..mushrooms done LIGHTLy..no added butter etc..I dont do dairy or meat..but my friends love the "bone in" i think its called some sort of steak..?they serve famous mac and cheese that i cant eat but everyone LOVES it!we also order the entire dessert menu..my favorite is the samore'senjoy...its loud but its great for a girls weekend...or just some damn good grub..
4	Imagine your sitting in the middle of a not so packed Club and you can order dinner....that's pretty much the "scene" here with music pumping overhead....I would have given it 5 stars if not for the food, I sampled everything from the Porterhouse to the Ribeye to the Scallops and the Kobe Short Rib.  All were good but not "scrumptiouslydelicioso".  The sides were more intriguing...like the Lobster Mac n cheese, but the notable dish was the Gnocchi, it was deeeelish.  Desserts were creative with a build your own Smores plate, Root Beer Float w/ some kinda Root Beer in the bottle from Chicago?Overall a fun, hip, chic dining experience....be ready for the $$$, but that's to be expected for this type of venue...and in the company of 7 lovely ladies, I'd say it was worth it!
5	One of the best Lobster Bisque i've ever had. I ordered the Surf n' Turf (Maine Lobterl, Filet Mignon, white truffle aioli with red wine sauce). Very tasty and perfectly cooked. Creamed Spinach.I cant remember what we ordered for desert. I remember it having banana and chocolate.
4	One of my favorite steak houses. Order the bone in ribeye and you cannot go wrong. The gnocchi is the absolute best in the city and if you order it you will not regret it and please be warned that these little pillows are very very addicting. The service is great. The atmosphere, a bit loud and hectic so please beware if a quiet intimate dinner is what you prefer. The bar is always busy and packed. The food is great but it may be too noisy for some people.
4	VEGAS BABY!!! I am sure we have heard that enough so I will be sure not to use it again in any Vegas related reviews ... but I had to get one in there for the heck of it. I have been to N9NE a few times (located inside the Palms Hotel & Casino near the front desk). The entrance is actually leading to an elevator right past the entrance to Ghost Bar (which is also pretty cool). The staff is very friendly and welcoming from the initial greeter to the waiter and his helper. In a town with a lot of great dining, service is the next thing to look for and N9NE delivers on both from beginning to end. It is very pricey but what "A" or 5 Star quality restaurant isn't? You definitely pay for what you get and it is worth it. Food is fantastic here and if you do not like something, they will not hesitate to correct that. Portions are smaller but funny thing, I walked out of there completely full. N9NE is primarily a steak house but the seafood is outstanding here as well. I didn't make it to desserts this time around but did see them at other tables and they looked amazing. I would definitely recommend N9NE for a special date night or a business dinner to impress. The atmosphere is dim lighted but not terrible and you never know who might be dining there either ... after all, it is Vegas. Favorite dish: Rock Shrimp Appetizer, these bite size gems are amazing. Be warned though because the container they come in is misleading as it is only half filled. Go out and EAT!
2	I believe in some cases that the harder they try, the more harshly you should judge them.  Thus is my approach to reviewing N9NE, which (much like the clientele at the Palms) goes all out to show you how hip it can be and hopes you will overlook some details.  The ambiance was nice, the food was decent but not great and the overall experience was just ok.  2.5 stars and I will break my rounding-up trend for aforementioned reasons.Our appetizers were the popcorn shrimp and the crab-stuffed mushrooms.  I'd say they were enjoyable, but for the price they should have been much better.For my main course, I had the bone-in ribeye (the cut I always order) and a side of lobster mashed potatoes.  The steak was cooked as requested, and it's pretty good meat, comparable to Ruth's Chris.  I've certainly had better steaks for the money, but there was nothing wrong with it.  My other friends' steaks were similar in that they were satisfying but not amazing.  The lobster mashed potatoes were a bit of a disappointment, I wish I had gone with a baked potato.We skipped dessert because of the quality of the meal and the fact that we started our meal really late.  Props to the (rather gorgeous) hostess who was very friendly and accommodating.  She seated us a good 30 minutes after our reservation time (which was the last time slot at which they would take one), and I think they might have even kept the kitchen open for us.   That's great service.Apparently, you can't bring in outside wine, which sucked for us because one of the guys in our group works at a winery and had some amazing wine with him.  N9NE claims that it's a state law (I have a feeling that's not true, but what do I know).One of the things that brought this review down to two stars was at the very end of the meal.  Our server already wasn't that attentive, maybe she was annoyed with the late seating or the fact that we didn't buy a bottle of wine.  But at the end of the meal, after she had run our cards and brought the credit card slips to the table, she told us: "now sign one copy and leave it for the restaurant."  Are you serious?  Anyone dropping this kind of money on a meal has clearly eaten at a sit-down restaurant before and knows how to pay the fucking bill.  It's possible this is a standard instruction, but based on her tone I am quite sure it's not.  Also, of all the times you could possibly offend your customers, why would you do it as close as possible to when they decide how much to tip?
5	Before I knew there was wagyu beef... there was THE 24 OZ BONE IN RIB EYE. *_____*I was DYING to come here after I saw the special they had on Food Network. The first night I was in Vegas me and my boy made reservations and off we went!For starters...Kobe Carpaccio: First time I had carpaccio. WOW. This was FANTASTIC. No carpaccio has ever tasted the same ever since I had it here. The Kobe beef made the carpaccio taste THAT much better. The meat was super tender and flavorful. Lobster Bisque: There were plenty of chunks of lobster in this! The lobster... I couldn't get enough of the lobster! It was the BEST lobster I've ever had. It was melt in your mouth good, not rubbery AT ALL. The soup itself tasted great, also. The lobster pieces just made it even BETTER!Ceasar Salad: As the menu says "as it should be". I can always appreciate a good ceasar salad. =)We probably shouldn't have ordered so many appetizers because it was filling. But we didn't know what full REALLY meant until our entree and sides came out...Bone In Rib Eye: This was a MASSIVE steak. We couldn't finish it all! And with no microwave or fridge in our room, it was soooooo sad. But we totally indulged. Melt in your mouth goodness. I couldn't expect it to be any better! =)Roasted Mushroom & Onions (Side): Delicious as they should be! And all the sides were BIG servings. It better be since you have to order the sides seperately!Potato Gnocchi With Truffle Cream (Side): *droooool* Anything with truffle... *droooool* Flavorful but a little heavy. I think this could have been an entree on its own!Lobster Cheese Mashed Potatoes (Side): Buttery lobster + cheese + potatoes = FABULOUSNESS. Best side dish EVER. Words can't explain. You just have to come here and eat it. =)I totally want to come back here next time I come to Vegas. I loved the meal from beginning to end... including the limping I had to do to get out of the restaurant because I was soooooo full!
3	Look, let's make this quick.  The steaks are pretty good, the rest, while sounding absolutely amazing on the menu wasn't really anything to write home about.  Not 'bad', just nothing special.If I was one of those people who really enjoys a crazy busy, hip, chic scene, or if I'd had a few more drinks in me, then perhaps I would have enjoyed the meal more.  It was too much like sitting in a nightclub having dinner, vs. having a great dinner at a place which also has a nice barscene.  The two are simply too intermingled for my taste. As for all the comments on the prices, whatever. It's Vegas, it's a steakhouse, and they spent a fortune on the place.  So yeah, it's expensive.  But not like that should be a surprise to anyone.  If you're wanting to see and be seen then I can think of worse ways to spend your money, if you're simply looking for a fantastic meal where you can hold a conversation then there are better places to be.
2	After reading many reviews for this restaurant, I was so excited to go there for my birthday. Oh but what an extreme disappointment this dinner was. Seriously if you left n9ne five stars you must have a horrible palate because the food here was definitely not five star quality. Also, I am a firm believer that the wait staff can add or take away from a dinner. Our waitress was horrible and completely inattentive, which is not what you would expect when you are spending close to $1000 for dinner and alcohol. I started with a Caesar salad, which were OK. Not anything special. The salad was just your typical caser from any steakhouse. Next came the rib eye. The rib eye was less than OK. I have had much better steaks at Maestro's City Hall and even Flemmings (which doesn't say much). I ordered my steak medium and it came out mooing. Gross....  We ordered the gnocchi ( gross, everyone who thinks these are good must have the taste buds of a three year old, I mean seriously these tasted like perogies... real gnocchi is served at Quiessence), string fries (pretty good), and garlic mashed potatoes (typical steak house potatoes) for sides. After a horrible dinner which I could barely eat I decided to order a few desserts because I will still hungry. I ordered the Oreo cake (pretty good in taste but the texture was too soft like it had been sitting out for awhile), the apple pie (SUCKED), and the smores (were fun, but not really tasty).The wine and alcohol selection here is amazing. I did get my fair share of alcohol, so the entire night wasn't a complete waste. When the bill came out, I was shocked to see that not even one of my desserts had been taken off the bill (geeze it was my birthday!!!).  Which in my opinion is pretty lame considering how much money we had spent. So hopefully some of you who read this will decide not to waste your time and money on n9ne!!!!!!!!!!
5	so urban legend has it that the owner of this joint started the mortons steakhouse chain....im gonna keep it real & say im a steak snob lol...its either a fancy smancy steak joint or bust...sorry outback/sizzlers~u guys will no longer receive my scratch....had the ny steak with the shroom action & asparagus....steak jus melted in my mouth....recommend havin an early dinner @ this malouf establishment...give yo tummy enough time to digest so u can party your ass off @ tao...playboy club....pure...yadayada
4	yeah dood... im a total fan.. if i was like an NBA player. be warned kiddies, this place will cost you more than it costs to take your girl out on a real nice date. the reason i give it such high rating is cuz it is GOOD. but awfully, awfully expensive.bread- they had some kind of like... pretzel bread. that was rpetty darn good. another one was some kinda pizza bread. meh. it was alrite. seafood cold platter- there was lobster, crab legs, giant shrimp, raw oysters and clams, and cooked mussels. the lobster was very fresh, as was the crab legs, much better than the stuff u get in the buffets. the shrimp was nice, giant, and plump. the oysters and clams, were good, even though im not a fan of raw stuff.caesar salad- nothing out of the ordinary, but still quite good. the croutons were awesome. i know.. croutons, but trust me, theyr'e good24 oz- rib eye steak - this was very very nice, very moist, tender, and flavorful. it was a bit salty but thats to be given. really, the bone isn't that much, its a huge piece of beef, and by the time it came, i was already half full. i think i only ate half of it. so i was asked if i wanna box it up.. FOR 180 BUCKS U'D BETTER BOX THAT CRAP UP!! took my friend's too.. woohoo!sidesmushroom and onions- these were the best. they were nicely flavored, not too salty, u can taste the hint of wine. the best dish.mashed potatoes- a lil too cheesy for my taste, but not badmac and cheese- i dont know what kind of cheese it was... but it wasn't the best mac and cheese ive ever had. and man when i reheated to eat it... oodles and oodles of oil. grossness. dessert- lot of cute petite cakes, terimisu, chocolates. they were good but by that time everyone was full.so there u go kiddies. it was really good. oh yeah dont order drinks. its 4.00 per bottle of coke. ridonkulous.
5	He said, " WOW...let me say that again...WOOOOOOOOW. This place was amazing. They did almost loose a star because we had dinner reservations at 545 and they didn't sit us down until almost 6. One more minute and we were knocking off a star. So our waiter was great. He recommened the bone in filet migon and the creamed corn. This meal was better than any other meal I ever had...I had the lamb chops crusted with pine nut rosemary in au jus....this was the best food ever. The lamb just fell off the bone. If you never had lamb...try it here...you will love it. Now for the two other sides we got ..the mac and cheese and the creamed corn. The mac and chees was better than any other place. You could tell it was made from scratch. We spent 240 for the both of us and I would of paid up to 400 for this food. Our price included a 60 dollar bottle of wine. If you don't like the younger crowd of vegas don't go spend too much time in the Palms because this place is not for the elderly. By the way something weird..all the waiters but one were dudes..and the army of hostess were all girls...they probably had like 10 of them....if you love steak make sure you eat here."She said, "Totally agreeing with my boyfriend on this one. This place went above and beyond any resturaunt i had ever eaten at. The atmosphere, service and food was all awesome. I didnt even mind waiting a little bit before we were seated because they have comfy seats and a flat screen you can wait at. Also, its closed off to the casino so you can eat privatley. The waiter suggested the 16oz bone in fielt mignon and lamb. It was amazing, the steak was the best steak i had ever eaten and im glad my first time trying lamb was here. We didnt plan on going here, we were actually planning going to switch, but after reading yelp reviews we decided to ditch switch and go here instead. Such a good decision. We will def be back to eat here."
5	This place is amazing.  Great ambiance.  Had dinner here after our wedding and it was amazing!  Six people, our tab was 800 or so after tip but it was worth it!  I had the 50 filet mignon, everyone drank great drinks and the service was impeccable.  The desert we had was amazing as well.  Best dinner ive had ever.  Staying at the palms was awesome as well
5	i cut through the Rib eye like butter.  asparagus was awesomeservice was stellarbest meal i had in a long time
5	have a drink with john the bartender before dinner.if you can't score a table then enjoy a fun dinner at the circular bar.the bartender is some sparkly and beautiful girl who dangerously plys you with their signature espresso shots.  you'll often see jesse the stylish gm making the rounds.  the garbage salad is popular with the ladies but who said i was one?heh heh.  so we opted for the sashimi n9ne.  big eye tuna, salmon and hamachi.  followed with the surf and turf - a filet mignon and lobster special with white truffle aioli and a red wine sauce.  we played "healthy" and added in the grilled asparagus.  gotta have your veggies.and of course, save room for dessert since you'll be dancing it off at the club afterwards anyways.  i know we did!
5	Yum! MY FAVORITE Restaurant ever...Everytime I'm in Vegas which is about 2-3 times a year I make it a point to go here... The BARTENDERS are great, not rude like some other pretentious restaurants here. They are helpful on the wine list and on the menu. Julie's potatoes and the gnocchi are a must try even if you get some to try for the table...SO WORTH IT. Can't wait to go back here.
4	This place  has the best kobe burger in Vegas. Well to what I have eaten thus far. The place also has hot female waitresses and hostess. The servers are pretty knowledgeable and friendly. The kobe burgers came with fries stacked like a jenga cabin. The lighting a lil dark in there maybe they wanna keep the ambience like club "rain" .My friends ordered the kobe Short Rib . Lamb , Salmon, all delicious. Three days of red meat kobe is overkill in vegas. Next time im getting oysters and pop bottles for no good reason like a fake baller haha
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants/steakhouse in Vegas. I can't say that I have been to every steakhouse in Vegas though. Everytime we go to Vegas we try to eat here. I always leave stuffed. Definitely try the smores dessert and their lobster mashed potatoes. I think I normally get the filet mignon and it's always awesome. The place is consistently good. Seems like a place celebrities go bc I have seen a few there before. It's def a cool, party atmosphere.
3	Look, I've had my fair share of steak, and I was disappointed that this place did not impress.  The waiter we had was awesome but that alone will not win me over if the food was not memorable.  Sides were decent, but again, nothing that left me with the feeling that I have to come back again just to have this.  The calamari was under seasoned, the filet mignon was just ok, and the garlic green beans, lobster mashed potatoes, and the roasted mushrooms all did not satisfy my palate.  All in all, an a-ok meal.  Bottom line, when I go to restaurant like this one, with high expectations, I do expect the food to be excellent.
5	5 stars for two reason,- The steak melts in my mouth like ice cream.- S'mores, yes I said s'mores.
5	Yummmm. For 6 of us we ordered:- 2 orders of the  40 oz ribeye for two (way too much for two)- Shrooms- Rock Shrimp- Skinny fries- tons of drinksWe could not finish the meat. We had leftovers that were consumed later that night at 2am by three hungry drunk girls. It was just as good then.
5	We ended up here after reading glowing reviews from the Yelpers. However, it turned out to be as fun and cool to look at as it is to eat. Although our pretty waitress/bartender in the circular bar in the middle of the resto did comment that the lighting makes things look funny- so your steak is kinda blue. Watch out for the drinks here 3 glasses of wine ended up costing $84!  We enjoyed 3 courses, seafood, steak, fries and 2 desserts. The scallops and steak were perfectly cooked- like actual perfection. The place was packed- recession what?
5	Incredible food/service/ambiance - 5 stars.We went here with a party of about 40 and they pulled it off when we were over by about 10 people and an hour late!  The bar was just beautiful, great drinks (which we had plenty of waiting for our very late guests to arrive from LA!) and celebreties galore filled this place.  We had one of the best seafood platters I've ever had and after all the seafood and cocktails, I barely touched my bone-in rib-eye but the flavor was just amazing. Make sure you order the shrooms - ta die for.We had a taste of every desert imaginable at the table and everything was heavenly, however, by that time,  well,, at that point,  they could have sliced up a twinkee and I would sit here at tell you it was the most incredible desert I've ever had.  haha  Trust me on the rest.Palms Hotel is one of my Fav Hotels to go to as a local anyways - head up to the Playboy lounge afterwards.  Enjoy!
5	One of my favorite steak houses in town... This place has the ambiance and the crowd of late night club hoppers.  Tucked away in the corner of the glorious Palm's casino this is a spot to top all spots.  Champagne glass tower in the middle, a fantastic menu of filet cuts, and the side dishes to put the bar that much higher.  5 outta 5 baby!!!
5	It was a friend's birthday and she decided to celebrate here.  There were only 9 of us and we went on a Wednesday night, and it was my first time.First off, great ambience, and the staff was quite friendly.  Our service was good, and the food was excellent.  I indulged in their sashimi appetizer, which was fresh and quite tasty; definitely a great start.  Instead of the steak (I know, I know lol) I opted for a Kobe burger cooked medium rare, and I couldn't be happier (wish I could've finished it but at least I got to take the rest home ;P).  I sampled a few other things also off of everyone else's plate, such as the potato leek soup, and potato gnocchi in truffle sauce... that alone to me was worth it!  I really liked that they offered "organic" items on their menu.  Kudos for that!As a bonus, I actually just found out a friend was working there since I saw him bussing tables and told him it was my friend's birthday.  They came out with a beautiful dessert "stone palette" with the words "Happy Birthday" on it in chocolate.  The smores were awesome, as were the two types of ice cream/gelato and cake.  Well presented and super yummy.Would definitely dine here again. :)
5	fun,hip scene... to see & be seen.  great way to start our vegas night. we made reservations & were seated within 5 minutes, great service.we loved our dinner!hub LOVED his 24oz bone-in rib eye steak.  charred to perfection, tender, juicy, & simply put......DAMN GOOD!!!!  it was huge though, had to take half back to our room, fortunately we had a fridge.  since this review is about a year late, hub doesn't remember if its THE BEST steak he's ever had.  guess will have to go back & find out.... that is if we ever go back to vegas.....i LOVED my sea scallop dish.  large tender flavorful scallops that melted in my mouth w/ fava beans, artichokes, heirloom cherry tomatoes, button mushrooms & lemon-tarragon vinaigerette.  i'm pretty sure i got dessert but at this point don't remember.
3	my boyfriend and i ate at n9ne for our anniversary dinner. we're young (poor) so we didn't go all out but we still had a nice, filling meal. we ordered the 8 oz filet mignon with bearnaise sauce (they gave us each 4 oz), lobster mashed potatoes, and macaroni and cheese. we ordered the steak medium rare and it literally melted in my mouth -- very good steak! not so keen on the sauce though.  the lobster mashed potatoes were good but nothing special. the mac n cheese was sooo incredible and made me glad we chose to eat at n9ne. i recommend dipping the steak into the mac n cheese. i only wish i had the money to blow on more steak. service was alright. we had two servers and they were good at refilling out water glasses but they seemed kinda annoyed that we didn't order much and i had to ask them to bring bread (three kinds which weren't very good). nice ambiance and good food -- just not sure if the food was worth the price given my student budget.
5	Our dinner here last summer is one of the most delicious filet I have ever had.  It was cooked to perfection and the sides were fabulous- the potato was enormous and their spinach and mushrooms were plentiful.  The scene was trendy and we sat next to a NBA basketball player (we didn't know which one because neither one of us could see him and we didn't want to be rude and stare).  The service was decent, a bit slow, but it was also a very busy evening.  The delicious food makes up for the slow service- it was also enjoyable to have a leisurely dinner.  The scotch my fiance ordered was forgotten (either by the bartender or the waiter) but when the waiter realized he hadn't received it, received a double on the house (it was more than a double, the entire glass was filled).  Great food and a fabulous experience.
2	Ok, let me start off by saying, we didn't really eat here. We had reservations and we had every intention of eating here, but couldn't. Let me tell you why. It was LOUD. And I don't mean that kind of loud where you might have to speak a little louder to chat with your dinner mates. I mean the kind of loud where the music is at nightclub level and you have to yell to have a conversation. Now this might be a generation thing as my party of four are all in their 40s, but seriously, I just couldn't stay there. We asked the hostess for another recommendation and she immediately got us into Nove Italiano which was outstanding. They poured our drinks into plastic cups (so we could take them with us) and apologized - although they didn't owe us an apology...apparently we're just old! The girls at the hostess desk and at the bar were great. It wasn't them. It was us. I just hadn't read any other reviews that mentioned the noise level so I just wanted others to be aware.
4	This was one of our first "dining experiences" ever in Vegas, and this was about 2 years ago.  Needless to say I don't exactly remember what we ate, so I'm not going to go into all that.What I can tell you is that this place is very trendy and the bartenders are super friendly.  I remember our meal being excellent, and we really enjoyed our time at n9ne!
4	Went here for a bachelor party dinner.  Scene was just enough to get us ready for a night out but not over the top.  Split the 40 oz bone in ribeye with the truffled twice baked potato.  Also tried the lobster bisque.  This food was easily a 5.  The lobster bisque had an incredibly dense lobster flavor.  The steak was cooked to perfection and served sliced in its own pan.  The peppercorn sauce that came with it was just about the best thing I've ever tasted.  I expected the potato to just have some truffle oil drizzled over the top.  The thing came out with 4 big slices of real truffle shaved atop.  Other people raved about the wedge salad with blue cheese and the 18 oz bone in filet.  Some people may not like this but I liked the fact that there were TVs all over the place to watch your football wagers win.  There were only two downsides.  The hostesses were wanna be models who clearly thought they were too good to work there.  Service was otherwise great.  The wine list was a bit pricey.  We tried a bottle of the cheapest red for $60.  It was not good, We had to get something else.
4	My husband and I ate here while on a business trip and just loved everything about it.  Before 9 I though AJ Maxwell in New York had the best  steak and seafood.  My salmon was the best prepared salmon I have EVER had in my life in a restaurant.  My husband loved his steak.My lobster mash potatoes was amazing.  The complimentary sample dish sent out was fabulous (can't remember what is was called). The crowd was a fun mix of the hip and young, older and chic, entertainment and sports crowd and after hours business type.  Music was nice and loud.The prices were a bit high, but I would spend all over again because the service was great and the food was yummy!
5	In vegas, every restaurant is pretty good... but N9NE does it better with little things... things like the best atmostphere, a simple menu where they focus on things they can do well, smores, one of the best and freshest seafood platters I've ever had, etc. etc.
5	If this restaurant only served  gnocchi. I would definitely still be here. Even if they served it on a dirty ashtray I would still eat it. Yes...It is that good !!! I seem to always find myself at the counter ordering these sides for take out. These little pillows of dense potato goodness, yummy. I cannot resist.. I have an addiction. An addiction to truffle gnocchi. It is like crack for food lovers.Did I mention the GNOCCHI?
5	So far, best steakhouse I have been to. I give it a 5 star. But to forewarn, it is pricey. BUT the food is incredible. Service is also great! Its very loud, so I would not go here if you are expecting quiet intimate time. More of a 'hip' crowd. I got the 'Surf N Turf', which I had never tried until I came to N9ne. Since then, I have not yet to find any surf n turf to compare. It was an 8 oz filet minon with lobster tail, also served with lobster mash potatoes. Words cannot express how great the meal was. My boyfriend had the porterhouse (which he says was great), and my two good friends (who are yelpers as well) has a meal for two I believe. For dessert, we had their version of S'Mores. Very tasty, but can get messy. Presentation for both the meals and dessert was a five star. Service is a five star. Taste and quality, five stars.
4	This is a great steakhouse. The carpaccio was excellent and my fillet was perfect. The only downside is it is pricey, even for Vegas. The atmosphere is more trendy than your traditional stuffy steakhouse, so it is a louder less intimate scene.
3	There are so many great steakhouses in Vegas, and while this one doesn't quite hit the mark Crafsteak or Vic's at the Nugget does, it has it's moments, and is a great place for a large group of six or more. We tried a variety of the app's typical steak house stuff, served up with a lot of flair (big ice boats surrounding the huge shrimp, careful finishes on soups and perfect saucing on bite sized appetiezers).  One of the reasons this is a great place for groups is because the entrees are served up in a platter, making it easy, if your party should chose to share just about everything including the generous sides which are big enough for three.Above average dry aged steaks served sauced with a wine reduction, shell fish is steamed and very fresh.Pick hits: Lobster bisque, truffled mashed or baked potato, out of this world gnocci, market lobster, Very loud and racous, party crowd on weekends for sure, great service none the less. I'll be back.Reservations a must.
4	Great food, pretty pricey - the major draw is the crowd, ambiance, and proximity to rain and other palms nightclubs. Filled with bachelor parties, bachelorette parties, or other groups, there are probably better date spots, but you can't go wrong kicking off the night with a small group here. Ask your server to help you bypass the line at rain and tip him/her well.
5	I love this place.  My boyfriend and I usually eat at the bar here before we catch a movie at the Palms.  Our usual meal consists of the garbage salad, sooo delicious!, a soup, and the burger.  We usually split everything and they split it for you in the kitchen and bring it out on separate plates, so convenient.  We always look at their specials menu too and will branch out if we see something we like.  The steaks are excellent and the seafood is very fresh.
5	A companion and I ate here Oct. 16, a Saturday night. Dress code is business casual, so we each wore a shirt with button- down collar and slacks, and seemed to fit right in with most of the people dining there. The Palms seems to be targeting a younger, hip crowd, so the decor at the N9ne Steakhouse was not the traditional library with dark wood motif.Instead it was more like a club, with purple lighting, a bar in the center and somewhat loud music and conversations. The food, however, was great. I had the onion soup, 12 oz. filet mignon and Julie's hot potatoes, and my friend had the clam chowder, 22 oz. porterhouse and we shared an order of sauteed mushrooms. We both thought they were the best steaks we had ever eaten. Prices were not cheap. The steaks were about $55 each, sides are around $12. Service was top- notch. Since we were older and considerably less beautiful than their target demographic, my companion, in his mid- 50's, was a little uncomfortable there, having expected a traditional steakhouse experience. I was ok with it because the food and service were so good. I half expected to see Paris and her two little dogs eating porterhouse steaks at the next table; but alas, it was not meant to be!
3	My wife and I asked around for a nice steak house, and got several recommendations, and decided on N9ne.  As everyone basically states this is more of a night club atmospher.  I has no problem with this as the place is very nice.  Although not what you would expect in a high end restaurant, but nice.  The waiter was ok, not what I would expect, but again I was happy.  I love bread ,and didn't care for the kind they serve there, but that was just my preference.  My wife ordered a glass of wine which she absolutely loved, and I ordered a g;ass of iced tea which was tasty.  I ordered the wedge salad to start and it was great.  My wife just picked off my salad.  I ordered the bone in ribeye which was probaly the best steak I ever ate. The sad thing here is I added crab legs for $24.00 to add to my meal,and they should put on the menu crab leg for $24.00.  I only got one crab leg and was disapointed with this item.  I ordered a baked potato for $11.00 which was good, and my wife ordered a bowl of lobster bisque soup which she loved.  So with that said I ordered a steak $54.00 a salad $12.00 oh don't forget the crab leg (and I do mean crab leg) $24.00 baked potato $11.00, Iced tea $2.00 (thats a great deal) my wife ordered lobster bisque $12.00, a glass of wine $14.00 with a total of $139.45 with tax included.  With that said the service was ok not great like you would expect in a restaurant that charges these kind of prices. My iced tea was left empty on a regular bases and the water wasn't filled on a regular bases either.  I loved my steak I must say.  We would go back, but I would just order a steak, salad, and potato, and not expect excellant service, and it would meet my expectations.  As you can see the only thing that didn't make this a 5 star was the service.
5	I lovvvveeeeee this place!!  I can't get enough!! When in town and time permits, we are there!! Steak is not my thing...that's how good this place is!!! Jumbo Shrimp and Lump crab...I need to stop by. YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY!!
5	Probably one of my favorite places to eat in the world. I spent months at a time in Las Vegas and this was one of my haunts because of the atmosphere and the food. The filet mignon is out of this world - I don't know what they do to it but I've probably been to most every steak house - even The Scotch and Sirloin in Wichita and this is just one of the best. Not to mention it's in a pretty hip location, even if it's off the strip.
4	Came here with a group of the boys in the summer during the NHL awards. about 9-10 guys. had reservations and waited about 5-10 mins to get seated, had a drink at the bar, which was nice and not a big deal as it was very very busy. good looking hostess and classy but cool staff...very hip and upbeat atmosphere and more for a younger crowd. you'll wanna dress nice to fit in. its very loud, crowded and busy.  its dark and lit really cool, i loved the lighting...has a cool vibe...its a fun atmosphere but too busy and loud for an intimate date, it wouldnt be a bad place to take a date, but it just seemed too much like a huge cafeteria that has neat lighting and music playing. theres a bar that is in the front entrance and then a huge circle bar in the middle of the restaurant. i would say its more of a cool place to go with a bach party or a guys/girls nite out in a group. for being so busy the service was good, attentive and did their job. the food was good. solid. a got a fillet, (which i savored every bite) and the garbage salad, which unique and very good. the steak was cooked perfect (rare). it was a bit pricey i thought for what you got, not real bad, but a little overpriced.  i would go back if i was with the guys looking to get a good meal in a fun atmosphere again before hitting the club, other than that id try try somewhere else.
5	I came here on Saturday. Two days ago.But the taste of the filet mignon, as vivid as if I ate it a mere five minutes ago.If you appreciate a great slab of meat, think of the best slice you've ever had, cooked and seasoned to perfection. You sink your teeth into it and feel heat on your face. Fireworks explode in your eyes and images of color erupt in your mind. The Final Countdown by Europe plays loudly in the background. For a moment, there is peace on earth and meaning in life.That is what eating steak and prime rib at N9NE is like. They also have great side dishes, including gnocchi (I think E Jay pretty much says what I was thinking), mashed potatoes with lobster (only the BEST MASHED POTATOES YOU'VE EVER EATEN), and salad. I recommend their sashimi and rock shrimp appetizers. The dessert was also amazing - chocolate pre-smeared on graham crackers with a small fire for you to roast your marshmallow. Yes, a small fire served to you on a silver platter. (See photo)Service was excellent. Ambiance was beautiful. Presentation was impressive. Palms, you did well.
3	This was not the best steak I've ever had. My husband had wanted to eat here on previous trips, but I prevailed upon him to wait for me to come with. Since we needed to get back to the strip proper for a show, we booked dinner for 7 PM. The dining room was fairly empty for a Saturday night post New Year's when we showed up, but by the time we finished eating it had filled up nicely. As with the rest of the Palms, N9NE presents a hipster image. The dining room features lots of white, chrome, and purple light. The speakers blared AC/DC and The Killers at volumes loud enough to make a conversation between two people difficult.Drinks and bread arrived quickly. We skipped appetizers as they are almost all seafood/shellfish based (allergies), and instead split a generous Caesar salad. I wished there were some larger slivers of parm and a less creamy dressing, but it was still good. For my entree I had a filet. I ordered it blue, but what arrived was more what I'd consider rare. There was some kicky seasoning on the meat, and it was served in jus with a sprig of rosemary that scented it nicely. For a side we split the steak fries, which were nicely crispy and greaseless. The servers and dining room support staff worked swiftly and unobtrusively. We skipped desserts (needed to save room for more drinks), but they looked fun... a table near us was toasting their own S'mores on a tabletop grill (but not well, unfortunately, and we were prompted to leave not just by our other commitment but also by the icky smell of scorched marshmallow and chocolate). So, this was good, but I don't feel the need to go there again. The cut and cooking of the meat did not compare to my Vegas favorite Craftsteak, and truthfully the filet I had at the Ann Arbor Chop House the week before was of better quality and texture.
5	I had two orders of gnocchi and I was completely satisfied. This is one of the reasons I have remorse when I go to other steak houses. Truffle gnocchi, gnocchi, gnocchi!!!!
5	All dressed up, and reservations for 5. We got there a few minutes late, and checked in. Our hostess told us that our table wasn't ready, but that we could wait in the lounge area. We walked toward the bar to find only one empty table reserved for someone else, and the bar completely full. A moment later, we were informed that the table was reserved for us until our dinner table was ready.We all ordered some drinks and just sat back for a minute. I was soaking it all up, when we were told our table was ready and we were relocated. Our table sat across from Luke Trembath, aka The Dingo, and there were some other VIPs next to us. Needless to say, definitely  a spot to catch some famous faces. The place has a bit of a club feel, with it's dim lighting, neon accents and club music, but nothing was overwhelming. We could talk amongst ourselves without having to talk over everyone else AND the music just fine. Our wait staff was unbelievable! We were attended to every five minutes to make sure we were absolutely happy with everything, and if anything was needed, or our drinks were getting low, it was replenished with the quickness.We ordered some steak fries, shoestring fries, mac n cheese, and calamari to pair with our entrees. The calamari, was absolutely AMAZING. Hands down, had to be one of the best I've ever had the pleasure of consuming. Fries are fries, and the veggies were alright.I had a filet mignon, and it was ridiculous how good it was. It came served with some delicious bearnaise too! It was definitely worth the ~$50. The others had a NY strips and porterhouses. After drinks, sides and meals, it was probably $100/ea, and worth EVERY penny.I'll definitely be back for more of N9NE!
2	I really didn't care too much for this place.  The service was meh.  I had the bone-in rib eye steak - just okay.  Nothing spectacular about the sides - mac & cheese and loaded potato.  I felt like I spent way too much money on food that I think could have been better prepared.It seems as though everyone else raves about this place.  Maybe I just came on a bad night?
4	There's not much that really, truly stands out about N9NE.  The decor looks like it wasn't finished.  It's either too empty or too crowded.  Most diners are too busy trying to see-and-be-seen to really enjoy their meal.  The service isn't always stellar.  And so on and so on.However, yes, I still give it 4 stars.  And for this reason...  My favorite meal is filet mignon with bernaise sauce, and N9NE has one of the best bernaise sauces I've ever had.  Additionally, the wine list and sides are pretty decent.  My favorite side is the cheddar potatoes with jalapenos.
3	N9NE is in the Palm Hotel and serves steak. Prime steak that comes out the way you want it. It is easy to get distracted by the eye candy that can come in and out, or the eye candy that is the wait staff, but there is no doubt that the steaks are excellent. If you come early--6 to 8--the place appears to be almost dead. It is a late crowd that comes here before heading off to The Playboy Club or a night of gambling. The places appears to cater to the younger, hip, Hollywood trash set. It is not surprising to see a young star or starlet come traipsing in with his/her entourage. But, back to the food... I have dined here a half dozen times and the food has been excellent. The place is a little noisy, but that seems to be the LV trend these days. The most recent visit started with the big seafood appetiser platter. There were big-ass shrimp, crab, lobster, escargot, and oysters. Pr icy, but succulent. I went for the small filet--medium rare as the entire. It came out that way and was just excellent. Cream corn, grilled asparagus, and mac and cheese were the sides picked by the table and were very yummy. The mac and cheese is the best I have had anywhere. And to see if the bar was up to my standard--do they have a blender--the answer was just like I found at the SW steakhouse at Wynn. NO! Maybe it is just me, but I can't imagine a good bar without blender. George, talk to Steve and go in together and get a couple of Warings. I really like the food here and will go back time and time again!
4	It was later in the evening when even the Vegas dinner crowd was thinning away, I found a seat at the bar and ordered up my favorite bourbon, Booker's on the rocks.  The service overall was good, and I had the salmon because I just had steak several days ago and guess what the salmon was really good.  A really good sear was on the salmon that caramelized the exterior while it is juicy on the inside, yummm.  The sides however jusy okay, the overall experience was okay.  It was super trendy in there, all for a steak? It is Vegas after.
3	This is probably more like a 3.5 / 4 star experience, but I am adjusting for inflation (of their prices).Normally, I love to shit all over places that are overly pretentious and wannabe fancy, but this place actually seems to have its shit together.  The wait staff is attentive, professional, competent, and friendly.  The wine list is impressive.  The food was well prepared and not, in itself, pretentious (full disclosure: I am a vegetarian and didn't have anything beyond appetizers and side dishes).  One puzzling part:  The popcorn shrimp appetizer was served in a popcorn bucket.  Even putting popcorn shrimp on the menu at an upscale place such as this is a questionable move, but serving it in a cheap cardstock box?  Baffling.  Perhaps they are over-compensating for the pretentious atmosphere by making the food overtly UNpretentious.Come to think of it, that would explain the smores served for dessert...Maybe next time I come here we won't be getting comped up the ass, but for now I'll have to say that I had a good time here and they got the important stuff right, so they've avoided the lash of my tongue.
5	I've been wanting to try N9NE forever, so this Valentine's Day weekend I took out my girlfriend and finally did.  It was definitely worth the wait.  The General Manager, Jesse, is the cousin of one of my oldest and best friends, so he brought out two complimentary glasses of champagne to start off our meal right.  Was a nice touch that we appreciated.  I've been lucky enough to try some of the best steakhouses in the country, and with all due respect to BoBo's in SF and Del Frisco's in NY, I can fairly say that the 16 oz. bone-filet I had at N9NE was the best steak I've ever had.  The steak was a perfectly cooked medium and I savored every single bite.  We paired our steaks with a Stags Leap Cabernet.  I highly recommend it. My girlfriend and I shared a delicious shrimp cocktail to start, and we went with side dishes of creamed spinach and jalapeno cheddar potatoes (which was probably the best potato side dish I've ever had).  Two bests in one dinner? Well, that's what I call a legendary evening.  As for the atmosphere, it's unlike any other steakhouse I've been to.  Much more of a "club" feel than the classic steakhouse, but it's consistent with the Palms.  It was also fun to people watch while we ate.  Afterall, it was a Friday night in Vegas, so everyone was dressed to impress.N9NE is now my personal bench mark for the best steak in the country. Can't wait to go back.
1	What a disaster.  Not at ALL what I remembered from my last visit 2 years ago.  The lighting was an unflattering hue of  "day-shift gentlemen's club" blue, the music was blaring - we were literally SCREAMING our orders.  The Caesar salad? Drenched and soggy and brownish/moldy in color; my filet arrived drenched in sauce (a good piece of meat need not be disguised!).  My friend sent her medium steak back twice as it was so raw. The lobster bisque was a tomato soup BASE and I would have called Campbell's on this one had it not been for the obvious absence of Mm Mmm Good!  And don't even get me started on the "Emo meets Jersey Shore" wannabe diner that walked in disguising his mug in a full face covering bandanna and accompanied by his Orange County wannabe porn starlet girlfriend. The upside?  The 2 bottles of wine we ordered were decent but alas even those were terribly overpriced.  All in all? This was a textbook example of how Vegas has "Catered to the Masses to Dine with the Classes" and ample enough reason to not revisit or recommend.  If no stars were available I would give it that instead.
5	N9NE is one of the best. They offer very good food for a price. Not a cheap price, but one that I am completely willing to pay for the excellent quality.   I had the 16oz bone in filet, 'cooked' blue (please don't order anything here well done, you're just embarrassing yourself). A++. We also had a number of sides (some of which may have changed): lobster mashed potatoes, jalepeno potatoes au gratin, truffle mashed potatoes and roasted mushrooms. All of them were superb, expertly seasoned and a good size for 4 people to share. For dessert, even though I was way too full to eat it, we shared creme brulee and a chocolate lava cake, both primo, devoured every bite.     The decor is sleek and chic, put not pretentious. Its the flash without the trash- tables were full of young, well mannered couples, young men burning cash and friends getting ready for a night out (late 20s to 40s). The service was excellent and the chef sent over a free appetizer, a lovely old fashioned courtesy that you rarely see, so I was pleased.
4	We weren't even staying at the Palms but decided to check out N9NE anyway. Great steakhouse! You definitely get your money's worth as the portions are quite big. Calamari was delish and my filet done just right. You can lounge by the bar while waiting to be seated. Really enjoyed the classy atmosphere inside.
5	I love N9NE. It's not your average quiet fine and dine. I want to say that they're getting you ready for the night out to one of their clubs: Rain, Ghost Bar, Playboy, or Moon. My favorites: Rock shrimpFilet MignonGeorge's Creamed CornChocolate CakeCheck it out for yourself, it's a fun steak house!
5	I ordered the 8 oz. filet mignon and it was probably one of the best I've ever had.  The lobster mashed potatoes provided the perfect compliment to the filet, too.  Their bread spread was amazing -- loved the bacon bits bread as well as the sweeter one.  We also ordered the caviar appetizer since I was told their caviar was "to die for."  That was the only thing I was not impressed with.  By the end, we had no room for dessert and I could not finish the filet.  Wonderful and filling, too!
5	I was just here the other night.This place keeps getting better and better. The service was awesome. Ribeye???? AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Gnocchi???? ....Fuhgettaboutit!!!!!!!!!!!!!Smores??? Out of this world!!!If I was guilty. I would like my sentence to be: DEATH BY GNOCCHI!!!
5	Hands down, no questions asked, forget about it the best filet mignon I have ever had since I started breathing.I have only been to N9NE once, when I was in Vegas for a work thing, but I would make a special trip to Vegas just for this restaurant.   The atmosphere is so modern and cool.  We were seated right away and the server was excellent.  I was with a bigger group and she kept right up with us and kept our glasses filled.Then came the grandaddy - the steak.   When it was set down in front of me, it looked like other filets that I ordered.  As soon as the knife went to cut it, I knew I had something special,  And then when I took the first bite, I closed my eyes and escaped into paradise.   Ok, so maybe it wasn't that dramatic, but it was pretty darn good.The sides were also very good and they have a great selection of wines.   Of course, I had to put a 2nd mortgage on my home to afford the meal, but it was worth it as no other steakhouse has measured up since.  Two thumbs WAY up!
5	Stepping in, I was unsure whether this was a steakhouse or a Vegas hotspot. Maybe both?This isn't your traditional old boys steakhouse, kids. Kanye and Britney are blasting from the sound system and banquettes line the back of the room. If if weren't for the white jacket donned waiters, I may have mistakenly walked into Rain or Moon at the Palms.I felt right at home sipping on my POMtini in my Louboutins along with the rest of the young, trendy, well-heeled crowd at N9NE. We started with the N9NE sashimi platter followed by the 8 oz. filet mignon for me and the 16oz. bone-in rib eye for him. Our steak was perfectly cooked, a tender medium rare. Our accompaniments included the lobster mashed potatoes, creamed spinach, and macaroni and cheese. The lobster mashed potato was studded with large chunks of lobster tail and claw meat, spinach was a decadent and creamy mound of greens, and the macaroni and cheese was over the top. This isn't a pregaming meal, by any means.The waiter provided us comp passes to Ghostbar on the 55th floor which was a perfect next step between dinner and the blackjack tables.
5	This place was great. The bone-in filet was excellent, fried shrimp app was the best fried food of anything I've ever had. Great service and atmosphere. Can't wait to go back.
5	This is a steak place done nu-Vegas style.  It doesn't have that old-guy steakhouse feel and the wait staff looks like they all stepped out of an ad in DETAILS magazine.  They may be pretty but they can handle a heavy crowd with ease.We had a sizable group and the place was mobbed, cramped and noisy.  Our waiter knew what to do and how to get everyone what they needed.  He was discreet and had taken care to fill wine glasses or cocktails before anyone sent out a search party.  Likewise he didn't pad the bill or over-do it.  He even checked before making wine recommendations to see if we needed anything new or wanted to stay the course.The meal was great too and the portion sizes were just right.  The taste exceeded my expectations considerably.  I haven't been to many Vegas places that focus so much on the dining experience since many of them have a built-in customer base.
5	This is my second time at N9ne steakhouse and it didn't disappoint. I'm happy that they decided to turn the music down a bit so you can actually have a conversation with people at the table. The music was good with a mix of 80's to current. The atmosphere is very modern and the lighting good.We started off with the prawn cocktail and the calamari. The prawns were delicious and the calamari was a 10. I usually don't care for calamari because it tends to be rubbery but this calamari was soft and cooked perfectly. After the appetizers, I had the bone-in-ribeye steak and it was fantastic. Cooked to perfection, served with a side of skinny fries. Robert, our waiter, couldn't have been better. Very attentive and very knowledgeable. I also ordered a bottle of Jordan wine but after about 10 minutes, they couldn't find any. They gave me a better bottle of wine for the same price. I was going to deduct a star for that little mishap but since I got a better bottle of wine, the star stays.Robert also got us entrance to the Ghostbar, props. All in all, it was a great meal with great service.
1	While on the tail end of bachelor party last weekend, the bachelor and I stopped in for a quick steak. Most of the group had separated for dinner and I wanted to treat my buddy to a fine cut of meat and excellent glass of vino before continuing the festivities. It was already after 10:00 and we were staying at the Palms so we proceeded to N9NE.  I didn't expect to get a table, so we found a place at the bar that would suffice. I ordered the Filet and my friend ordered a Porterhouse or Ribeye, I can't remember but it doesn't matter as we will learn later. We ordered a couple beers and a couple glasses of cab to pair with the steak. We also ordered a couple sides, one being a loaded baked potato. The steaks were great, nice cuts, cooked to a perfect medium rare and served on a cold plate. My friend suggested that he wanted some Tabasco sauce to put on the potato, as it was fairly bland which I agreed. When I asked the older bartender for Tabasco, he responded with anger, "You don't need Tabasco, this is N9NE steakhouse, are you kidding me" and he proceeded to walk off. I thought to myself, he is exactly right, this is N9NE! However, there are far better steakhouses in Las Vegas not to mention across the county. How dare he tell me how I can and can't eat my meal, regardless of how he thinks it should be devoured. Another bartender kindly brought the Tabasco and I let the situation go, being that I didn't want to make a scene. I usually don't write reviews, but in this case I had to share my experience which was ruined by one comment. I dine in Vegas often and will stick with SW and Cut from now on. Note: I still tipped 20% on top of the entire bill, being that there were 2 other bartenders that actually helped out and were sincere. Also, I would rate the food 4 Stars. A classic example of why you should always evaluate your help.
4	I ordered the new york strip.  While I requested to have my steak cooked rare, when it arrived it was more of a medium.  The server was sure it was rare, but I sent it back for another one.  Although this was bad, from a  food standpoint when they got it right, it was very good.  It was nice and tender.The bread options were very good.  Although I don't know what they were, all of them were fresh and good.  The side dishes were very good as well.  The garlic green beans were average. I really liked the potato gnocchi.
4	Ok.  This place definitely impressed me.   Food was delicious.  Steak was cooked perfectly.  One thing I didn't like was the fact that one of the hostesses was so ridiculously beautiful that I wasn't able to concentrate on the wonderful tasting food.  I didn't get to fully appreciate my delicious dinner because of hostess.  My goodness.  Please fire her immediately, your customers aren't enjoying their food as much as they should me because they are distracted.  One other thing I didn't like was that the music was loud and the place was too noisy.  I know that's the atmosphere they are going for, but I'd like to enjoy my dinner and conversation without having to yell across the table.
4	A friend recommended we go to N9NE Steak House for my friend's birthday dinner while we were in Vegas. I made reservations, make sure you do. Even though there were plenty of empty tables on a Sunday night. We were treated to a glass of champagne because it was my friend's birthday, though that was never explained to us. We also were treated to a nice starter, compliments of the Chef- fried avocado with a chipotle dressing= delicious. Thanks Chef.My scallops were delicious. They were cooked perfectly and served on top of a great rosemary risotto. The flavors were paired perfectly. It also helped that I had a nice glass of Sauvignon Blanc to pair with it. My friends 16 oz HUGE steak was great (according to him. I tried a piece but I'm not really into steak), and my other friend's Kobe Burger looked good too (same here, I don't eat cow, just don't like the taste), but he could only finish half of it. Overall, the food was really good. Though this is not a place to go for a quiet meal. The music was pumping. For a second, I thought Jay-Z was performing behind me, turns out it was just a speaker. I am not sure it was all it was hyped up to be, but it definitely was a great meal and a good birthday dinner for the friend.
3	I've been here 4x's now and have to say not once was I wow'd by anything.  I had always heard this was one of the best spots in vegas but I just don't see why.  At first I thought I just caught them on a off night but after 4 tries I've given up.Each time i've gone everything has just been okay, and my steak has always been over cooked.The last time I attempted to eat here I was with a buddy of mine who use to play basketball.  After we ordered the chef came out to meet him and everyone at our table.  I thought for sure this time I was going to get their best effort.  I was wrong.  I ordered the bone in fillet medium, it came out well-done.  There was zero pink.  I would have sent it back but we were in a bit of a hurry.I figure if this is what i'm getting while i'm with a semi-celeb  there is just no hope.  Everything else was just alright, apps and side nothing special.  N9NE is off my places to eat in vegas but I'm sure I will be back because of the name and someone will always want to try it out.  For the price you pay here you have a lot of options for a steak dinner.  I would try somewhere else.
5	We had reservations at six so it was early enough to get great service and feel like we had the place to ourselves.  We did go early to get drinks before dinner and the bartender was super nice and made the most amazing drinks.  He made a special drink your our bachlorette.  He called it the Cuban P-ssy.  He also made my favorite, a Pomegranite Mojito.  The bread was amazing.  There was a hard bread, a soft sundried-tomato bread and a muffin that tasted like a croissant.  the chef created a special ceviche for us with swordfish.  It was amazing.  I ordered the lobster bisque and I would have to say it was life-changing.  I shared the Ribeye for two dinner with another friend at he table.  This this was huge and could have fed four to six people easily.  It just melted in my mouth.  I tried the lobster, which was perfect.  The garlic mashed potatoes were rich and amazing.    Defintely worth going to if you enjoy a high end resturant.
5	Over the top! #1 BEST service ever...thanks to Kat (cute lil girl managing the floor). The food was amazing...apps, steak, seafood, shots, dessert, etc! The place is really nice on the inside...a little hidden...kind of looks like you might be entering an underground secret restaurant. The bathrooms have the world's tiniest tv's in the wall next to the stall's random but cute. This place was packed. A very trendy fun place with incredible food & service...whatelse could you want!
5	N9NE gets my ultimate stamp of approval for accommodating and impressing the F out of me and my nine other friends on Saturday.  The entire experience was seamless and glorious from easily making the reservation to an outstanding meal.  It doesn't hurt that I went on a big pre-dinner craps run so when I walked in the door I was feeling great.  I was ready to for a big bloody steak.  The restaurant was buzzing and all of the hostesses were gorgeous in true Vegas form.  The place is filled with large parties and is an ultra modern swanky steakhouse that oozes Vegas.  If N9NE was in any other city, (Note: there is one in Chicago and Dallas) it would come off as super cheesy but in Vegas it perfectly placed.  We started off drinking mojitos and martinis with blue cheese olives while we were served the best bread I have ever eaten.  The three different types of rolls came out on the hotter side of warm and one of them was filled with bits of smoky bacon.  It was a genius addition and this may be reason enough to go to N9NE!  We had a couple shellfish platters that were full of enormous pieces of fresh seafood.  My friend and I had the rib-eye for two that was cooked an incredible medium rare even though it was sliced before it was even served.  It was a beautiful piece of meat.  The steak was served with side of au poivre that was decent but the jus at the bottom of the dish was amazing.  It was some sort of truffle/bbq amazingness.  I should have asked the waitress about it but I was so full I could barely talk by the end of my meal.  If you are looking for a great meal that can easily accommodate a larger party N9NE is a home run.Best Thing on the Menu:  rib-eye for two, bacon infused breadWaste of Time: nothingPerfect For: Peacocking, Being Seen, Getting After It
4	The N9ne offers one of the top three bone-in filets in the US.  It is pricey ($57) but worth every succulent bite.  The appetizers are fantastic as well and other non-steak items are on the menu that are pretty tasty.  The restaurant has phenomenal eye candy but it is expensive and you've gotta spiff the hostess $50 for  table if you don't have a reservation.  Make a reservation ahead of time, bring your wallet and enjoy your meal.
4	I return here every time I come to Vegas..the food is great! They have good steak and amazing steak fries! Fun smores for dessert. However, i ordered the dessert doughnuts once& it was a bit of a disappointment.
5	I am so tired of the normal reviews you hear from professional critics that say Steakhouse's have to conform to the OLD ways of steak preparation.  It is about time that a Steakhouse took bold leaps in Style.  The filet at N9NE is truly something special.  Amazing staff (I can't stress that more)!  The creativity in their desert menu truly had me talking for days about N9NE.  If you are in Las Vegas or Chicago, you have to go to N9NE for one of your meals.  You will not be dissappointed.
4	Great service, great steaks. Come hungry because they got some huge steaks that are very well prepared.Bone-in filet mignon, medium rare is amazing.Other meats still good and also well prepared.
4	The entrance to nine is pretty low key, and tucked away in a back corner of the Palms.  Just past the front desk is a sleek bar, which over looks a nice sized dining room.  We got a nice booth in the back of the place, which gave us a nice spot to people watch.  The NBA summer league was going on, so several unidentifiable ballers were in attendance.  After a quick and strong cocktail at the bar, our hostess who we dubbed "sade" (who was actually quite helpful) showed us to our booth.  To start we had a shrimp cocktail and lobster bisque.  The shrimp were nice, but it would be nice to get more than 3 . Bisque was excellent (i get it everywhere that serves it) rich, creamy with a nice cognac finish.  I had an 18 oz  bone in ny that was fantastic.  My wife had a bone in fillet that was quite good as well.  For sides we had lobster mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus as sides.  As for the potatoes, they are amazing, topped with what looked like the same lobster bisque , which was fine with me. Asparagus have a great lemony zing.  All in all great food and service.  Just like any good restaurant in vegas, you could spend hundreds on dinner, especially if you take the waiters wine recommendation. They play rock music at a pretty loudly in here, which was ok with me.  But don't expect to have a quiet conversation in here.  If you are in Vegas, and you like upscale steak places with one page menus (like i do) check it out.
5	Loved N9NE in Vegas.  We went here bc a friend works at the one in Chicago so we got the hook up.  We had espresso shots to start....SO GOOD!!  We then ordered the Mediterranean salad and the lobster potstickers for an appetizer.  It was freaking amazing.  I could have ate like 12 lobster pot stickers.  I got the salmon for a main entree.  Sooooo good.  They then brought out this flaming smore dessert.  It was like a little campfire.  This N9NE was much smaller than the one in Chicago, but I really liked the food.  I would definitely go back.  They didnt rush us and were super attentive.
4	This was delicious and a great experience.  First of all, we sat in a booth.  And i loved how the hostess pulls out the entire table so you can properly get settled in the booth before pushing the table back accordingly.  I decided to have sashimi and a salad.  The salad was delicious and the salmon was good, yet forgettable.  My friend got the french onion soup and the kabobs.  He said his food was totally yummy.  We passed on dessert, but opted for this yummy espresso vodka shot.  Yeah, i coulda drank 10 of those.  Tasty.  I'd totally come back here.  Great vibe.  Great wait staff.  Yum!!
3	Vegas...the only place on the planet notable for indulgence, debauchery, and famed obsession to the buffet all in one place, has once again hooked us yet to another trend...overpriced hotel restaurants that call to us and don't require a cab ride from some psychopath who just ditched rehab.  This place is worthy of any metropolitan city restaurant for it's decor and service.  The smores dessert spread warranted ooohs and ahhhs from neighboring tables as they watched us play with fire like pyromaniac inflicted children.  Unfortunately the menu was just so so.  Had myself a 16oz ny steak...strong 3.5 on the richter scale but I've definitely had better.  Medium means medium people..not dry.  Tuna appy and grilled asparagus were decent and the bread was always fresh.  I'm sure there are better places for dinner out there so I'll have better things to say the next time I'm in sin city.
4	Visit no. 4.  Place seems to be holding up okay since my 1st visit couple of years back.  Had the 8 oz fillet with a side of Mac'n Cheese and also the string fries, and the roasted asparagus....i was hungry...was really done nicely.  l'm definitely a big fan, oh also, Pete Rose was there at the next table...he's gotten old!
3	Filet was great. $43Wedge salad was okay. I think around 11-13$. and 2$ more for blue cheese crumbles?! Are you kidding? Isn't a wedge always with blue cheese?Creamed corn was fab! You get a decent amount as a side for $11. Could feed 3 very comfortably.Bread was good.Service was, eh. Decor was, eh. I expected more. We're paying a lot to eat here, can't the servers be a bit more gracious and present? We barely saw our guy, he acted way overcool, and we felt lame/out of place asking questions. Looking around, it wasn't as dark as I expected. Lots of white, almost bathroom tiles everywhere. Not as fancy as I expected. NOT white tablecloth-type service.Everyone is young, probably inexperienced with serving in high-end atmospheres. I won't be going again.
5	I'm talking about steak.  Not hyped up, sauce-laden, fancified steak.  Just pure steak.  And it's the best I've had in the western United States.  I've eaten her at least 50 times in the past 4 years, and the consistency of the food - Barry Dakake is always on fire - is amazing.I generally go for the bone-in rib-eye or the filet.  I've tried all of the sides - but they are so decadent that I usually just eat the steak!Often I'm by myself for business, and I'll stop by for a "lite" meal - garbage salad, popcorn shrimp and a couple of martini's at the bar - Johnny and Shar have been their for a long time and really care about people.The atmosphere is way too hip for me - but I find that if I go early in the evening (say, between 5:30 and 7) - it's quieter, and the staff has much more time to spend on making sure my experience is a pleasurable one.I'll say it again: The. Best. Steak. In. The. Western. United States.
5	Everytime I am in LV, I must eat at least one meal at N9NE.  The Rib Eye is to die for.  This is a great place to grab a drink or have a terrific dinner.
5	This place not only has abosolutely wonderful food , but amazing service and great atmosphere.  Really worth the price!We were having a wonderful time on appetizers and cocktails and when my steak came very well-done (I ordered medium), I just had to send it back.  I could not spend $55 on a steak that I could not chew... N9ne handled it sooo well!  They took my steak away, brought me a complimentary shrimp cocktail (delicous by the way) and a new steak + a reorder of the sides that my friends had already attacked.  That is first class and I will always make it a point to visit N9ne on all my trips to Vegas.
3	A steak house with a club-like twist. The service was good, although the guy was running a lot between our table and his section of four other tables. The entryway sports a mini wall water run and a view of their wine room. Bar towards the front right as you enter, and another large bar in the center with seating, too.They started us off with some warm breads and some chips with hummus (on the house, but really, didn't taste better than the Hummus House here in NY). Had a garbage salad, which was a mishmash of random salad accouterments thrown all together, which ended up being a bit too salty for my taste.The 40 oz. ribeye for two.... wow.... amazing. So much meat, the two of us guys couldn't finish it. Cooked just right. The au jus was the best. Didn't even bother with the other sauce they had. The baked potato included wasn't bad, either, with truffles on top and a buttery smooth inside. The asparagus spears were excellent with a hint of wine and butter, and the mac and cheese shell was a tasty warm treat.  Spinach creamed was so-so, and the roasted vegetables are a waste of a side, tasteless and only good for those who are watching their weight, I suppose.No desserts tried... just too full from the steak!The drinks went from the $69 special margaritas looked amazing, but we settled on a bottle of wine and individual cocktails (all pretty good and strong).Overall a good experience, although tough if you're not a fan of steak.. the rest of the menu is a little bit limited to some seafood.While not the best atmosphere for a steakhouse, it is definitely something catered to the style of people going out after to have some fun at Moon or the Playboy Club with the fluorescent accent lights changing like Pod in Philadelphia, and music from the club.Recommend reservations, though. After a big dinner, they can get you passes to the clubs at Palms, too.
4	N9NE is in my top 5 favs in Vegas. You cannot pass up the deserts!! :) everything on the menu is fantastic!
2	I am a real foodie.  The steak was prepared similarly to the steaks at Stripsteak at Mandalay.  Too salty and "mealy. "  The  decor was lacking warmth, but that is more a matter of taste.  As usual, with most Vegas restaurants, the service was excellent and everything was expedited professionally, but for excellent beef try The SW Steakhouse at the Wynn or Joe's Stone Crab at Ceasar's Forum Shops for an excellent bone-in filet.
5	Besides the great service, attractive/ friendly staff, and professional team the food is perfect. The best steak (File Mignon) I have ever had. The waiters and waitresses are on top of all your needs and have never done wrong. Even the managers come out to check how you are doing.  The price is high but as with anything else you get what you pay for. The experience is worth every penny. A must stop with any visit to Las Vegas. The bread is amazing too before the meal!
5	N9ne is almost industrial and plain in decor, which to me is their rightfully and wonderfully cocky statement of JUST how good their food and service is, that they don't need the fancy decoupage.Words will never be able to express my fabulous experience at N9ne Steakhouse inside the Palms. The hostess even remembered to wish my husband happy birthday, double plus spec. when I made the reservation a month ago.Drinks: Glass of their house cab & a gin martini, both DELISH and served immediately so we could sip and people watch.Apps: Raviolis & Wedge salad, sounds plain but theirs is flavorful and a treat for the eyesMain Course: Filet with Lobster, side of lobster mash potatoes and their special Bearnaise sauce, to die for. Hubby had bone-in porter house, huge and melted in his mouth. Dessert: They brought out their "Campfire Dessert" which is a pot on fire!!! (blue flame fire btw) with all the fixings for roasting your own smores, with a lovely birthday candle. The kitchen also sent us complimentary spicy crab cakes which we the best I have ever had.They say you will always see someone famous there. We sat a table away from ESPN's Scott VanPelt, haven't the faintest idea who is, but my husband was pretty stoked.Heard Pete Rose was in there the night before, but we ran into him signing autographs in the Bellagio anways. I wish a diamond would have come with my steak, and I guess that's my only negative comment.....! Worth every penny (even though it was a lot of pennies :))
3	2nd time there.  good food, but drinks didn't come out fast enough.
3	Ever been in a club, drinking your drink and craving a steak? Don't care to hear what your friends have to say? Don't like the ackward silent moment while on a date? Don't worry, the clubbing-ist experience at N9NE steak house will take care of all your problems.  The food and drinks were great - 4.0 starambience/loud music - 3.5 star for being differentfeeling cramped - negative 1 star (really? the waiter was leaning his arm on the back of my chair while conversing with another customer.)service - 2.5-3 stars (as someone else put it the waiters do act "over cool." We had 2 guys introduce themselves as the waiters wearing spiffy white coats. We made saw them for a total of 3-4 times. The bus boys were way more attentitive but they couldn't get us more drinks?! We would have to wait for the waiters to come back......our advice, if you're about half way done with your drink get another as soon as you can...or you're going to be waiting
4	The only time I ate at N9NE, I was with a huge party having a tasting menu in the private dining room, so I can't make fair comments on the atmosphere or the crowd really. We had our own atmosphere and our own crowd that night.However, the food was fantastic. Seafood platters were fresh, delicious, and very generous for our party of 40+. And there's really only one thing to talk about: the rib-eye, medium rare. One of the best steaks I've ever had. Absolutely incredible.I tried to order a Spanish Rioja, but the server emphatically, passionately suggested that I try a different Spanish red called Clio from Jumilla instead. It was stunningly good. My date and I, along with a couple friends, finished 4 bottles of it. We were also given some great icewine with dessert.Awesome meal, but honestly you just need to get a rib-eye. The instant you taste it, you won't care about anything else.
4	Was in Vegas for the Sema show with some buddies and decided to try Nine steakhouse. We were not disappointed at all. The place provides a really neat, trendy, upbeat atmosphere while keeping the service professional. I had the iceberg wedge followed by the filet, which was pretty damn good. Sides were the lobster mashed potatoes that actually had good size chunks of lobster. Had a small serving of my friends potato au gratin and they were money ball. Had a great time and will definitely be back next Vegas trip.
5	Wow where do I start...Keep in mind, in Vegas you will pay for a top notch meal.  But everything from the salad to the main course itself was phenomenal.  I know there is a lot of good steakhouses in Vegas, but this is the best.  I may even venture to say this is my favorite one ever... Over house of prime rib, gullivers, Harris ranch (coalinga), morons or ruth chris.The meat is sooo tender and tastey, you are almost shocked that it's possible.  I ordered the 8oz filet which was perfect, peppercorn saice, and the side of spicy potatoes.The garbage salad was quite good too, with pretty much everything in it, shrimp, artichokes, onions, in a Dijon vinaigrette dressing.  If that isn't convincing enough, anytime I return to Vegas I will likely make a stop at n9ne.....
4	N9NE is tucked into the front corner of the Palms Casino and has a trendy New York City style restaurant vibe/atmosphere. Sadly the tables are about as close together as most places in New York City which is quite annoying as well. If you can score a table in the lounge I would recommend that for eating/drinking. If your looking to grab a good beer with dinner please do note they have no draft beer inside so your better off shooting for wine or liquor. The Kobe Burger is a tad overpriced but tastes fantastic. I would just go ahead and purchase a steak which are amazing. As for sides you want to go with the mac n cheese which is just to die for. My friend got the lobster mashed potatoes side which I tried and enjoyed as well. It did come with huge chunks of lobster so be warned if it is not quite what your looking for. If your somehow still hungry opt for the s'mores that come with a portable fire and creamy chocolate ganache.
4	We had a 6:30 reservation but we didn't get seated until 7:15. The hostess offered a free round of drinks which we received after we were seated at our table, and we were also given a free rock shrimp app for the wait. It was delish.  My husband and I, along with the couple with us went with the 40oz rib eye for two. The steak was succulent and the twice baked potato with truffle was amazing. We ordered the lobster mashed potato as well and it was AMAZING. I was surprised at the large pieces of lobster in it. We were way over stuffed at the end of the dinner. However, I felt the service was rather slow....or maybe it was our waiter. He didn't really come by to check on us.
2	Atmosphere---loudDecor---what decor?Price---as high as any steakhouse in townService---amateur hourFood---Outback wants their steak back!Reason to return---ZERO!I've eaten at every top steakhouse in Vegas and New York. This place is a joke compared to places that are half the price. Save your money and try Del Friscos or Prime at Bellagio.
3	I'm no steak connoisseur, but I've been to many a steakhouses. I'm more of a "sides" kind of girl, and I really base my ratings on how great they are. For example, the creamed corn at Lawry's is one of my all-time favorites. The sides at N9NE are good. I particularly enjoyed the green beans and mushrooms, but I wasn't wowed. The mac 'n cheese was okay but I've had better. I did catch myself saying, "oh wow this is good" a few times throughout the night, but I've also said that to my own home-cooked green beans and steak. Case in point:  You can cook the exact same meal at home for a fraction of the price.The one dish that stand out was the sashimi. I definitely don't do sashimi at home, so I always count on restaurants to do it for me. It had a bit of a kick to it, but not in a wasabi-y kind of way (I hate wasabi...I know I know...it's supposed to enhance the taste of the fish...it totally kills it for me). We ordered the homemade doughnuts and carrot cake for dessert. The homemade doughnuts did not melt in our mouths, but the sauces were pretty tasty. The carrot cake was way too sweet and thick. There was no way we could even put a dent in that slice.The place was pretty packed on a Tuesday night (probably because of SEMA). The ambience was pretty young and hip, so if your bank account allows it, I would say try it out.
5	Literally, this is my favorite restaurant in the world. No exageration. Everything I've ever tried is amazing- Steak, seafod, veggies, sides, cocktails, lamb chops, even tried the burger, etc. It's expensive so I only go on special occasions but I have no desire to try anywhere else in Vegas. I don't care what special, cool, new hip place open up- I'll be at N9ne. Customer service is IMPECABLE too. This place sets the standard to the statement "You get what you pay for"! Oh and pretty much everytime I've gone I see a celeb :)
4	The steak here was spectacular. I have to say that my NY was the best steak I have ever eaten. The sauce on it was light, a bit sticky and fantastic. The asparagus was in a sauce that was delightful. I have never tasted anything this good. The fries were excellent as well. The only downside here was the terrible service. Our waiter really tried hard. But it was obvious he had no training. There was no decorum or politeness to it. He did not remember who had ordered what. When the food came he was holding up plates asking who had what. Ugh. What has happened to fine dining. I must say that all restaurants at The Palms have good food and bad service actually. Except for Simon. How about a food server training Maloofs?
4	Sat at the bar and had dinner with a few of my friends. The bartender John is a great guy and can mix some great drinks. The steaks and sides were amazing. My only complaint is that the wine somolier was not a very pleasent person. Although he is very knowledgeable he was kind of a snob. In fact later on in the night he come over and asked us to keep the noise down, there were 6 people in the restaurant at the time and 10 people at the bar. I bought everybody at the bar a drink and told the smurflike somolier if I was really disturbing the people in the restaurant that I would pay for their dinner...  The wine smurf was an ass, even the manager appologized for himIsn't the Palms the place that Paris and Britteny hangout.. I'm sure they are not told to keep it down.....
5	Definitely one my highlights on my first Vegas trip!!! The filet mignon was perfect, just melts in your mouth, I also had the iceberg house salad and Julie's hot potato for my side, recommend that you try this! Loved the atmosphere too! Also you might get lucky and run into some celebs! :)
3	After reading raving reviews about the steak I was really pumped to get to taste this great piece of meat. We arrived around 9:30pm and were seated in the back room approx 10-15 mins later. The backroom was lined with mirrors which made it look more spacious. The wait for the food wasn't too bad. We ordered (total approx $100/person):9oz filet mignon: 3/5 I ordered it med/rare and it came out medium. Flavor was ok. Although I love steak, I couldn't even finish it. Creamed corn: 4/5 goodLobster Mashed potato: 4/5 better than Mastros because the sauce and lobster bits were mixed into the potatoes. So it was more flavorful overall.Gnocchi: 5/5 great truffle sauce! So fatty!Salad w/ egg and goat cheese: 5/5 great dressing! Sangria: 5/5 perfecto! Just the way I like it. Basket of bread: 5/5 Yummy brioche, pretzel bread and pizza bread.
4	Kool place to eat. Good steaks, beautiful waitresses!
4	Since it was the last weekend before Christmas, Vegas on a Friday night seemed dead.  To my surprise, we walked into the restaurant about 10pmish and it was HAPPENING.  We had a table of approximately 11 people and was there to celebrate a birthday.  The bread basket had finger-sized pretzels with no salt, but had a marinara type of sauce.  The basket also came with a sugar-coated-donut-hole-like bread -- It tasted like it was a brioche-based dough.  Loved the bread!I shared the ribeye for two ($89), medium-rare, and it was cooked exactly the way "medium-rare" should be -- nice and bloody.  The peppercorn sauce was good, but wasn't great.  Maybe next time I'll substitute a different sauce (the restaurant has several sauces that you can add for an additional cost).  Our meat came with a side dish (sides are usually an additional cost ranging from $11 - $14), which the server allowed has to substitute for the lobster mash.  Let's just say I could've ate the mash by itself because it was yummy and really filling...it had chunks of lobster but not hoards of it, just enuff.We brought in our own cake for the birthday boy, but the restaurant DID NOT let us slice/eat the cake at the restaurant.  They said it was a liability to have "other" food served on the premises.  They did not offer a free dessert for the b-day boy either.  Desserts don't cost much to make and since we ordered plenty of food already, you would think the server would comp a dessert. (He did take us all into the Ghostbar for free (yippee-do-da), but to be honest with you, I almost threw up my bloody ribeye after seeing some of the ppl in that bar.  We left after half an hour because it wasn't happening at the Ghostbar that nite).So for 11 ppl the bill came out to approximately $1100+ including tax/tip.  I believe we each had one drink, a few appetizers, and mostly individual entrees (some ppl decided to share an entree, which seemed to workout well.  Something to consider next time...).  The place is pretty pricey, but if you wanna try this place, maybe share an entree and side and you'll come out with a bill that's around $70ish for two ppl (without drinks).
5	This is a great place to get a delicious meal. It's not only the food that makes it great, but the atmosphere and service as well. I'd recommend making reservations. Atmosphere is one that a lot of restaurants don't have. It's almost a mix of fine dining with a club type environment. The food is impeccable, but you can't go there expecting the same atmosphere you would get at other steakhouses such as Lawry's. Instead, it's almost like walking into a club. Music blaring and people having fun.Service was also spot on. They were very attentive to our needs, without being over bearing. Some restaurants tend to over do their service, bothering you every five minutes or so. At N9NE, I never had to ask for anything, they just seemed to magically know I would need it - without having to check on us every five minutes.They have a very extensive wine list, and our server was very knowledgeable and helpful in picking out wines that we would like. I'd recommend getting the bone in rib eye. I don't think I've ever had a steak that great. I don't even know how to explain it - except that it was effin delicious. So, next time you have money to spare and you want a great steak - definitely go to N9NE.
2	All of Vegas is so ridiculously overpriced for what you get its hard to give anything 5 stars, but lets put the price tag aside. From the bad to the good. Service is by far and away the hands down worst in Vegas, douche bag waiters who shouldnt be serving meals to prisoners. Had to flag the waiter for each and everything we wanted. from a menu, to drinks, to ordering, to more water, to bread, to the check, the guy never stopped by the table without being flagged down. Decor is different, like eating in a miami nightclub, kind of cool in a way. food was okay, lobster mashed was really tasty, filet mignon was solid, not the greatest ever, and really, how hard is it to mess up a filet. But its in the Palms and the crowd at the Palms sucks, unless you are a ghetto gang banger wannabe or a jersey shore douche bag.
3	It's a Club! It's a Restaurant! It's a Club-aurant! I don't think I like that concept yet. When you go to a steakhouse, you are really there for the steak right? But with the lights flashing, the music bumpin', and the crowd jumpin',  I felt like getting my groove on instead of stuffing my face with red meat. I guess I'm a one-dimensional diner. I like chewing my food to the sound of Sinatra as appose to 50 Cent. As for the steak, the Rib-eye for two feeds more like 4 people. I wish the steak came out more sizzlin'  like the beats but sadly it was cold.3 stars for steak but 4-5 stars for the bread basket. I would've enjoyed this place more if I ate the free corn bread with a Martini.
5	One of the best meals I've ever had!Gotta love Vegas Food!See my pictures for what we ate. All of it was fabulous!But beware this place is so Vegas it's like a club!People of all kinds everywhere! Loud, loud, music!Dark and colorful lighting.Love it!
5	We have become somewhat jaded about steakhouses, especially since my husband can grill one of the best steaks I have ever eaten.  You get to the point where steakhouses are all the same, the same steaks, sides, desserts, everything.  We were in a bad mood and some friends literally dragged us out of the house on a Thursday night to visit this restaurant, and we are so glad they did!  I loved the steak, we had scallops, too, which were perfectly cooked (if you eat scallops you know how atypical it is to find a chef who knows how to cook them correctly), we also had the macaroni and cheese side, which was fabulous (even my husband liked it and he's NOT a mac&cheese guy).  I loved the dessert, although the other three at our table were nonplussed - but I'm not letting their opinion upset my delight and I'm happy to give n9ne a 5 star rating!  Not crazy about the decor, a little stark and hard surfaces make for a noisy dining experience, but the food -- excellent!
5	Food was excellent. Wine list very nice. The atmosphere was very cool. Service was outstanding. Very pricey though!!!
3	3 stars for this place but that's because it's in Vegas and there are so many opulent restaurants with amazing food in Vegas, I must hold Vegas restaurants to a slightly higher standard.As far as steakhouses go, this wasn't bad but it wasn't anything special.  I would definitely eat at the Cut or CRAFT (actually numerous places) steak before eating here again and I haven't tried steve wynns steakhouse, but could only imagine it being better as well.I ordered the 24oz Ribeye which was good.  Turns out it was bone-in which wasn't mentioned on the menu or by the waiter.  The steak was cooked just as I ordered it and was charred nicely.  I believe the steak lacked a little salt but it was still very good.Ordered the garlic green bean side.  It was good, cant really mess up green beans.  We had a nice bottle of Tor malbec which I highly recommend.Overall, if you aren't staying at palms then don't go out of your way to eat here.  Even if you are staying at palms, go to Venetian and eat at the Cut or Delmonicos or head to the Wynn and eat at steve Wynn steakhouse.
4	We were staying at The Palms in Vegas and I wanted to go to N9NE b/c I read great things about it and it was in our hotel. I love steakhouses - even though I'm a vegetarian - my bf loves meat and i love the massive salads and sides that steakhouses offer (odd i know!) I drank white wine and my bf had run & coke (our regular drinks). There wasn't any appz that were vegetarian so we ordered broccoli side with cheddar cheese to start - very good and we both loved it.  I ordered the Mediterranean salad it was really good and a great size for $12. He ordered the Kobe Burger which comes with fries $25. The fries were stacked so cute. We also split Roasted seasonal mushrooms with caramelized onions $11 - very tasty! I loved the salad he said he liked the burger, I wish he ordered steak b/c I read lots of reviews saying it was really good. Overall N9NE was really good, no Mastro's but I would recommend it if you are staying @ the Palms.
5	I usually don't remember my meals in Vegas. I am either too tipsy or too hung over to enjoy. Fortunately, I was on the other side of the climax of my trip and was soooo happy to sit down and have a fantastic meal.I ordered the braised beef rib we shared the seafood platter app with everyone at our table. EVERYTHING was to DIE FOR.There is a reason why they call it SIN CITY. This meal was sinful. Every app that was brought out was fresh and mind blowing. Sushi, Mong fish, Mushrooms, LAMB. OMG. I am allergic to lamb but could NOT stop nibbling on the lamb medallions that were custom made for our table. If I wasn't wearing a curve hugging cocktail dress, I would have completely finished my meal. Good thing my buddy "Josh vs. food" was with us and he finished off my rib. Don't get me started on the smore's dessert. We ended up melting marshmallows and adding them to our coffee, creme brule and other things at our table. heheh.Service is wonderful and the waiters do what ever they can to get you walked right into the clubs at the Palms. Can't wait to come back....SOON!
5	i have eaten at this steakhouse probably a dozen times, and each and everytime the food and the service has been a "10." not sure who manages this restaurant, though he has his staff in check and deserves a pat on the back. from the waiters/gentleman in the white coats, to the excellent food which comes out of the kitchen, to the nice lounge area, and lets not forget the sexy ladies/hostess seating you; everything is top notch. i have yet to have had a bad meal/bad service. i'm a business owner and i like very much how this restaurant is operating. this many times with consistent, pleasent dining experience, gets the five stars. good job everyone!!!!! keep up the good work.
4	This location was a bit hard to find since the entrance is not clearly labeled. I walked by it several times before having to ask someone in the hotel where it was.It was busy but they seemed staffed enough for it; regardless, it did take a while to receive our food after ordering. Without even mentioning it, the waiter apologized for the delay and automatically brought us another round of drinks (and this time, extremely stiff!)I ordered the spinach and goat cheese salada to start, with the lamb chops for dinner.Stiff drinks, good food and excellent service. A+
5	This place is TOP-NOTCH baller status.  Best and freshest Surf and Turf I have ever had!Anyone not giving this restuarant 5 out of 5 stars is crazy!  Great place for a date or a family affair.  Service and accommodation was fantastic. Definitely recommend.Ghost bar on roof was the icing on the cake.  Thanks for a great 21st Birthday party!
5	This place serves the most consistent Rib-Eye in the world.  Rib eye is so hard to get right but this place does it every time.  The people watching is great.  Every time i go to Vegas i go to Nine.  Get the Rib - Eye, mac and cheese and crab claws if in season.
5	First of all, I give madd props to NINE Steakhouse...they have some of the most gorgeous hostesses up front that I have every seen at a restaurant in Vegas.  Furthermore, amazing hot ladies in the restaurant!If you are going to have dinner, reservations are a must.  Grab a drink at the bar and just relax till one of the lovely hostesses seats you at your table.  The ambiance is very relaxing, time doesn't really matter when your there.  They have one of my favorite red wines...a JORDAN.All the food here is just amazing!!!  I had the Caviar plate, the Lobster Bisque soup, and the Surf & Turf plate which is an 8 oz Filet Mignon topped with Lobster tail...just amazing!!!!!!!  Even the bread is soooo good...I made a big mistake by stuffing myself full of the bread lol.All in all...amazing place, an amazing experience you will never forget!!!
5	May have been the best dinner I have ever had.  I've been to Craftsteak and Prime; N9NE was a cut above.  We started with "Death by Caviar," which combined caviar and small hash brown type cakes.  Amazing, as was the pretzel bread with stone ground mustard sauce.We couldn't decide on an entree, so we split the pine nut encrusted lamb chops and the fillet.  While both were amazing, we nearly got into a fight over the lamb.  Our waiter couldn't have been more helpful from entre suggestions to wine pairings.  He even took the time to answer my various questions about the restaurant.I'm going out on a small limb, but I can't think of a place I would rate higher.
2	Not the best dinner we ever had not the worst either. Decor is blah, the ambiance is NOT relaxing at all, it's loud like a Las Vegas Buffet. We could have taken our two year old and no one would have noticed. The service is not what I would expect for the prices. Ruth Chris is MUCH better in service, food and ambiance. I ordered the fillet, medium rare, it was good steak, but their medium rare is more like medium on the pink side. A Caesar salad was good and the potatoes were good. My boyfriend tried the Kobe Burger, it was good meat but looked like something Bob's Big Boy would serve. . The place is very trendy and that is probably where the draw is. I do not see it lasting for the long haul. Not worthy of a return trip for us.
5	The quote of the table was "this is one of the best tasting steaks I have had".  We enjoyed Caesar SaladFilets and NY/SirloinsFries (skinny fries)Green Beans Great atmosphere.  We got there early, and as we left about 830pm or so it did get quite full and noisy.  Great people watching to boot.
4	Classy place (swanky decor), top notch service and massive portions. Did I say massive?Price was as expected for a steakhouse in LV: $100/person, taxes and gratuity in. I wasn't overjoyed with the quality of the food, was expecting something more succulent for that price range. Our waiter was awesome and he got us into ghostBar with no cover.
5	I really love this place; it's one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. Not only do they have a really great steak, but they also have amazing appetizers (Oysters Rockefeller in particular), but they were amazingly accommodating to my vegan friend as well, who gave them a list of restrictions and they concocted a meal for that wasn't simply a pile of sauteed vegetables.  This is the sort of place that you really hope to find in a Las Vegas dinning experience. It's elegant and fashionable and has really amazing food. In my opinion,  Las Vegas has a lot of restaurants that really rest on their location, but this place earns it's keep. The service is exceptional and the food is as well, making this one of my favorite places to east when I was a local and someplace that I really look forward to retuning to whenever I'm back in town.
4	one of my fave places!  a must for me everytime i hit up vegas.....
5	Yes - I love thee... let me count the ways:1. The ambience is edgy/trendy, but comfortable.2. The libations are simply divine - they can make anything you can dream up.3. The Butternut Squash Ravioli had pancetta... "Hello, Lover!"Make sure to call ahead for reservations, and you can always wait in the bar/lounge... they will come and sweep you off your feet when your table is ready.
5	Holy Sh!t! I am a steak guy (I consider myself a carnivore). Not many places can grill a steak better than I (in my opinion). I ordered the Porterhouse steak rare with a side of the peppercorn sauce, BEST DAMN STEAK I HAVE EVER HAD!!! Although the peppercorn sauce was a bit over the top, and I only dipped a couple times. The steak was cooked absolutely perfectly, and the tasted extremely fresh. And, oooooh so tender.Now onto the other stuff:The apps are to die for; I recommend the green-lipped mussels, and the garlic fried gnocchi. The salads are top-notch too. *It helps to go here with a group of people so you can order a bunch of stuff and share it all.The Desserts are insane as well. The s'mores come out with a sterno flame where you can torch your marshmallow to your preferred liking, and set on top a house-made graham cracker covered in a high-quality chocolate sauce. Mmmmmm. Oh, and the creme brulee, forget about it!The staff is well trained, attentive, fun, and courteous. Very well knowledged in their wine selection and pairing, and their cuts of meat. Shoot, they know the whole menu like the back of their hand.The ambiance is very contemporary up-scale Vegas. Bit loud, but what the heck, people are enjoying themselves.This will go down as one of the best restaurants I have ever been to...and I can't wait to go back!
5	I had a hard time deciding on just the right restaurant to celebrate while we were in Vegas for my husband's birthday.  I am SO glad I finally chose N9NE, because it was incredible.We got there on time for our 6:30 reservation and were seated immediately.  Our seat was a little weird table facing the back of the restaurant, where we both sat on the same side on a bench seat.  It was still cool, though.  It wasn't totally busy yet, so the fun ambiance didn't kick into gear for a bit.  It was exactly the scene I was looking for though - loud music, hot people, bustling service.  Fun and extravagant at the same time.Now, I should probably deduct something because the first plate of calamari that came out was totally rubbery.  But, as a good restaurant should, they promptly replaced it with a better plate.  I would have probably been happier had it been comped entirely, since I am apparently a calamari traditionalist and didn't care for the peppers.  But, they still did the next best thing, and that goes a long way with me.The little brioche muffins were so good - I'm glad they were little and that there were only two, because I could have spoiled my appetite eating them.  YUM!  For the main course I ordered the Surf and Turf (filet topped with lobster and drizzled with truffle aioli).  It was cooked perfectly (medium rare for me), and the combination of tender, sweet lobster, steak and truffle aioli was pretty damn near orgasmic.  My husband got the bone-in filet which wasn't as evenly cooked as mine, but the portion close to the bone was fantastic.We shared the macaroni and cheese, and it was absolutely perfect - creamy, cheesy goodness.As full as we were, we HAD to get dessert, and I insisted on the doughnuts.  SO glad I did.  They were piping hot and fresh, and the caramel dip was over the top delicious.  They went especially well with the coffee we were drinking to ensure we could stay up as late as we were planning (we're old folks and usually go to bed early - but not in Vegas, baby!)With as many awesome choices for restaurants as there are in Vegas, I have already told my husband we are coming back here next time!
4	My friend kept saying: I have to get Nine's Gnocchi while we're here. Thankfully, I followed the leader.The Gnocchi with truffle cream was absolutely delicious! The Broccoli Gratin was also tasty. And, the ambiance was the best: we got to watch girls line up to flirt with Pauly D. What a meal!
2	My first visit to this place would've been a 4-5 star rating, but during our most recent visit, we were yanked down the appreciative customer platform by our heels.The evening started off well, we called from the road into Vegas from LA and got an 11pm seating.  We arrived just a couple minutes late and were greeted warmly by the hostess.  We were told it would be a few minutes and proceeded to wait at the bar over cocktails.  The bar was pretty empty, and we were served quickly with great drinks.  Bring a martini gal, it's important to start my night off with a good one. :)The hostess came back, told us to pay our bar tab and we would be seated.  (I was a little surprised that a place like this wouldn't just add it onto our dinner bill, but didn't worry.)  We paid cash, the bar back came over to say thanks and clear our area and we were on our way to a cozy little nook in the restaurant...The lobster bisque was a little brothier than I would like, but was still amazing.  I like a little richer cream, but the flavor was excellent and had lots of lobster chunks to munch on.The wedge salad was fresh and crisp, the blue cheese dressing didn't really taste very blue chessy for people who really like blue cheese, but was still spot on for what my tastebuds were expecting.The bone-in ribeye came a little under done, but as rare meat lovers it's not worth sending it back.  Only an overdone steak would be inedible. Blood and a cold center don't scare us, black charcoal does... hee hee.  The creamed spinach was delish and helped cook the under cooked meat a little more before it hit my mouth.  Savory flavors, a good drink, what more could one ask for?  All in all a good night.Until the bill came.  No big deal, our drinks from the bar were on the bill.  Waiter came by, no problem, we'll take them off.  Flash forward to the bartender coming to our table accusing us of not paying our bill.  The mini-interrogation of whether we handed him the money or not was enough to kill the food and drink buzz we were reveling in. The waiter returned said it was all fine, but my husband still felt we deserved an apology for being mistreated.  The bartender returned with an insincere, "I'm supposed to apologize or something?"  and with that, our nice dinner experience was ruined.  The manager never came over the see to our issue.  Sadly, this steak house is off our list of Vegas eats.
4	N9ne is a recognized steakhouse, with a great menu, friendly service and amazing interior design.The interior does not immediately register steakhouse to me, but it helps change the typical image and makes me want to re-visit.  The service was friendly and are waiter was attentive.  With my friends we had shared calamari and lobster smashed potatoes.  They were both very tasty, but minus 1 for the slightly cold potatoes.  I had a surf and turf with the lobster tail and bone-in ribeye.  My entree was phenomenal and as big as I am, I finally took some food back to our room, that never happens, so the portion size was very generous.  One other thing that I wanted to bring up was the bread basket, which had an assortment of baked breads.  I do not eat pork products for religious and other personal reasons, and one of the types of bread had bacon bits baked inside, and until I took a bite, I did not know there was bacon in the bread.  We were not informed of bacon bits in the bread, minus 2 for no notification. Overall, my dining experience at N9ne was pleasant and I still have to give 4 stars regardless of the bacon bread issue.
5	Wow, is all I gotta say. My bf and I wanted to go the palms club, but wanted to eat dinner before going... Asked about a good place for steak and it was right in front of us, omg...great service, really nice looking, and the serf and turf was absolutely amazing, the steak melted in my mouth and the waiter suggested a wine to go with my meal and it married all of the wonderful flavors together. One thing I wasn't too fond of was the bread, but everything else was great, my bf got a pasta dish that was yum... I was way stuffed, couldn't finish it all but wanted to keep eating because it was so good. Saw a couple across from us eating smores for desert, what a cool idea... I wanted to order it but just couldnt stuff my face more...but there will certainly be a next time!!!
5	N9NE Steakhouse does everything the right way in my opinion, from the moment the hostess greets you to till you sign the bill (which will be $$$$), N9NE does its very best to make you feel as guilt free as possible about dropping that much coin on a steak dinner. I'm a big fan of the atmosphere here, it's very lively and borderline loud... so to me, it's very Vegas. The service is spectacular, from the head waiter to the gentleman with the bread, everyone goes out of their way to make sure you are having a great experience. My party had a pretty large sampling of the menu so I feel very comfortable saying everything on it is outstanding. The seafood was all very fresh and the steaks were flavorful and perfectly cooked. I'm not usually a fan of the Palms since their tables tend to dominate my wallet, but N9NE Steakhouse will keep me coming back. Another nice touch was our waiter walking us up to Ghostbar after our meal and getting us in without cover and/or waiting in line. Any time I am looking for a great steak dinner and an atmosphere to jump start my night when I am in Vegas, there will be only place I will be thinking of and its N9NE.
4	Pricey, like most places in Vegas, but the steak was fantastic. The cream spinach and pretzel rolls were also really good.They didn't get 5 stars because we made a reservation for a table at 6:00pm, but were not seated until 6:30pm. Additionally, the asparagus were not up to par.
5	I have never been to the Palms before, but certainly N9ne provides an amazing reason to come back!It was highly recommended for steak and I can certainly see why. I chose this to ring in my 2 year wedding anniversary along with my wife and we couldn't stop talking about the food even hours after we had left!Our reservation was right at 5:30 so for a good chunk of time it was just the two of us (which was kind of nice) and unfortunately we did end up sitting next to a group who was a little bit louder then I had wished, but tuning them out wasn't too difficult in the end!We both chose the filet mignon and shared the lobster mashed potatoes. Every bite was truly OUT OF THIS WORLD! The steak itself was extremely tender it literally was pulling away with little effort from the machete steak knife provided. The sauce on the lobster mashed potatoes was heaven and certainly lifted the potatoes to a new level.The staff was very inviting and the service left us feeling like we were fancy schmancy (if even for 1 meal). The bill was a little out of my norm, but then again it certainly was well worth every "penny" spent. If you aren't there enjoy being square!
4	LOVED IT!Came here with my siblings and nephews. Party of 9 with reservations. We all staggered in but they sat us as we arrived. It was a Thursday so not too busy. But we didn't get menus or bread until everyone arrived though. But at least we had our drinks.Nice ambiance. Great server. Great food.Food Breakdown:Bread: 3 types, a muffin kinda thing which was my favorite! slightly sweet and slighty salty and very soft. pretzel roll. and focaccia bread. comes with butter and horseradish type dip.Appetizers - Rock Shrimp (tricky tricky... it looks like a big popcorn kinda container full, but its only about 1/3 full, but quite yummy), calamari (delicious! best app we got) and ahi tuna tar tar (yummy). 3 appetizers, plus the bread, was a decent portion for the table.Main Course: I had the rack of lamb (comes with 4 AMAZING pieces of chop, and the best entree IMO and most of the party thought so too. very rich and flavorful), Filet Mignon bone-in with lobster surf... (if only the lobster was bigger!! but good size of filet and cooked a bit more rare than we ordered, but I loved it! Melts in your mouth delicious.) Kobe Burger (very pretty stack of fries included. an amazing burger, but still.. just a burger.) Porterhouse (HUGE and cooked more to the rare side), Scallops (pretty good and decent portion) - some orders were duplicatedSides to share: Skinny fries (additive), mac&cheese (not that great), lobster mashed (I had really high expectations for this one and it didn't meet them, but it was good with lots of lobster chunks).Dessert: specials were the Volcano Chocolate Cake and Chocolate Mousse. Both a disappointment. The chocolate mousse cake was kinda frozen in the center so it was kinda hard, not soft like mousse should be. The volcano cake was nothing special... just the molten cake. Banana split.. cute presentation, and just tasted okay. Wanted to try the smores cause it looked pretty, but we didn't :( In the pictures I saw a picture of like a dessert sampler, but they don't have that. Apparently it is only with preset menus and stuff. Bummer.Overall? Great place, good service, fabolous food and nice portions. Could be better... especially the desserts, but a fantastic meal. One of the best lamb I've had.
5	"Got a Date at 8 Im in my 7 40 Fizive"- Lloyd Banks8pm appointment'Yes i do have an appointment thank you''Yes the bread in the basket is good''Yes i would like the surf and turf-lobster maine and filet mignon well please"'Yes i would like the mac n cheese''Lobster mashed potatoes sounds good too''A bottle of saviugnon blanc please''Check please'....................."No!....i would not like dessert
5	Another month, another Vegas trip. We do it big in Vegas so we went to N9ne for our first nights dinner. We were all very happy with our meal!First of all, the decor in this place looks like a nightclub. Stylish, young, sexy - just how a restaurant at The Palms should be. Our food was amazing. Even the bread was delicious. There were 3 vareities (Brioche, Focaccia and a Pretzel bread) . For entrees the 5 of us ordered some surf and turf, 16oz ribeyes, 16oz bone-in filets and some more surf and turfs. I only have one complaint and its minor. I wish our steak was a little hotter.. The meat was perfectly cooked, though. We had the lobster mashed potatoes, gnocchi and creamed spinach for our sides. Everything was delicious.Overall dinner at N9ne was a great and memorable experience.
3	The customer service at N9NE was very good.  And the portions were hugangous, especially the side-dishes.  The steak, however, was just okay.  The best steak I have ever had was at CUT in Los Angeles, so I guess everything else just pales in comparison.The best part of our N9NE experience was seeing the FAMOUS DOOR and taking a picture next to it. Oh, and after dinner we went to the Playboy Club and Ghost Bar which was pretty fun.
4	One of the tastiest steaks I've ever had (bone in ribeye).: clutchPopcorn Rock shrimp: clutchFrench fries: clutchMac--cheese: NOT clutchBeer selection: clutchCustomer service: aiightI brought my two year old and the booth worked out clutch wife had the sea bass: clutch.
4	Place seems like it would be a hipster trap but the food is flawless. Wine list is amazing * if you can afford anything on it.  Seafood platter to start and an all natural grass-fed beef steak to finish, with organic spinach in the middle. Flatout awesome and not at all what I expected.
4	The ambience is great. Young, hip and trendy. My wife and I have dined at Nine Steakhouse several times and have enjoyed every dinner. The servings and desserts are great, especially the Smores. The ambience is great and trendy, imagine the HBO show "Entourage." Nine Steakhouse is a must when in Vegas.
3	Decent but not great. Went here on a Thursday night. Heard a lot about this place, mostly positive things about the food and the star power. We were absolutely famish when we got there.As a starter, we got the rock shrimp. Fittingly, the shrimp came in a popcorn carton. Because it was exactly like popcorn shrimp, in a bad way. Comes with two dipping sauce, one mayo base and the other was Sriracha based. Nice kick with the Sriracha but it was still popcorn shrimp. Nothing special.For our main dish, we had the couple's 40oz bone-in ribeye that comes with twice baked potato. Got a side of cream spinach bruelee. Also, one order of the Kobe burger. If you didn't know, 40oz is a lot of meat. Even though we came famish, by the end, we were completely stuffed. The server told us, their steaks were wet-aged which by definition is inferior to dry-aged. And you know what, you can taste the difference. The ribeye was good but not spectacular. Even though we order med-rare, it wasn't as juicy and tender as it could be. The flavor was lacking as well. The steak does come with a gravy, so that helps.Twice baked potato was decent and the cream spinach was nice with the caramelize crust.My boy had the Kobe burger. Unfortunately, he likes his beef well done, so the Kobe tasted like crap. Also, his fries were very dry.  A disappointing dish. Cold light Pinot Noir, meh.Service was spotty. When the main server did tend to us, nice and friendly. But I thought he was unattentive at times. He could have checked on us more often. I thought the water boy took better care of us than the main server. When we inquire about getting passes to Ghostbar, the water boy was the one that assure us we can get it despite initial hesitation from the server. Eventually, he did gave us passes to Ghostbar.In comparison, I thought Craftsteak is better.Overall, more hype than substance. The attraction is more trendiness than quality food. Is it worth a stop to see what the fuss is about, sure. But as long as you don't come with high expectations, you'll be fine.
3	While planning our trip to Vegas, a couple of my friends suggested starting our night off with a bang by checking out N9NE before going out to a club.  Considering we were already planning on heading to Rain and Ghostbar, it made sense since they're all at the Palms.  Plus, since my friend had heard some good things about it, it sounded like it was worth trying...and Yelping!When our party of 10 arrived, we were taken to our table almost immediately...off to a good start!  The decor is pretty nice - chic and contemporary, just like what you would expect from a "hipper" steakhouse.  The menu was a bit overwhelming with so much to choose from, but it got easier when I ruled out the non-beef entrees (we were at a steakhouse after all).  While half the table paired up to split the "Bone-in Ribeye For Two", I was stuck going solo...but I really wanted the same thing (this is where a gf would be handy).  So instead, ordered the 24oz Bone-in Ribeye (medium rare), while getting the lobster mashed potatoes to split with my buddy.The potatoes were pretty awesome and probably my favorite part of the meal.  Not only could you taste the lobster, but there were chunks of it in the dish too.  Impressive compared to what I've had in the past.  As for the steak, I knew it was going to be hefty (though part of the weight was tied to the bone), but it still surpassed what I expected.  It looked fantastic when it was brought out though -  the surface had a nice char and grillmark to it.  There wasn't a lot of fat hanging off the meat, but it was still juicy when I cut into it.  I wish it had been more tender, but the taste was great.Although the steak was good for the most part, I did have one hang-up with it.  As I worked my way towards the center by the bone, the meat looked less like medium rare and more like rare.  When I glanced over at my friend's steak to compare them, I saw that his had the same problem.  We both debated on sending our plates back (which I don't typically do) so that they could fire it a bit more, but we figured it wouldn't be worth it.  There wasn't much meat left on the bone anyways, and the rest of our table was just about done.  Still, you would think that for a higher end steakhouse, they should at least be able to cook their steaks more evenly than that.Being that we were all pretty full from the meal, none of us had any room for dessert, despite a couple that sounded rather enticing.  The whole restaurant can get pretty noisy, but I really liked the chill yet trendy vibe...different for a steakhouse.  Sadly, the uneven cooking was a downer.  I don't have a (huge) problem with spending money for a pricier meal (and this place is pricey), but for ~$60, they could at least cook it better.  I'd be open to coming back again, but I would rather try a new spot like Craftsteak first.  If/when I do come back again, I'll be sure to check the meat before I start eating.
4	The place looked nice. It's a hip place for the young or the sex and the city type. This mother of two didn't mind it either. The chairs were very comfy. The service was excellent. The meal flowed and we never felt neglected or intruded by our waiter. On to the food....Mmmmm!For starters, we had the shashimi and calamari. I loved the dipping sauce for the calamari and the shahimi tasted fresh. The portion was perfect for the three  of us to share. We all got a little of everything. The bread was also excellent with different selections to choose from in a perfectly arranged basket.For dinner, we ordered  the rib eye for two with lobster tails added on. I loved how the rib eye was already sliced for us. It made it easy for sharing. The portion, 40 oz  I believe, was perfect for 2 piggies. BUT the main attraction was neither the steak or lobster. The twice baked potato. OMG was absolutely the BEST I've ever had. It was so creamy and they did not skimp on the black truffle shavings. The flavors was just spectacular. For sides, we had asparagus, spinach, mac n cheese and creamed corn. All were just okay but you just can't beat the truffle twice baked potato. My mom had the 8 oz filet which she said was perfect.For dessert we had the a cake thing with burnt caramel ice cream. The burnt caramel ice cream was SOOOOOOOOOO good. Yummy!It was a great meal. Although I would like to say the other sides were okay so minus a star. Otherwise a perfect meal.
5	Finally returned to N9NE and it has certainly earned its spot as an iconic Vegas restaurant. The bread basket alone is worth a visit and while I'm not normally a lobster bisque fan... THIS lobster bisque is dish that all should experience at least once in their life. Impeccable service from Char at the center bar and don't even get me started on the Fire Chicken. Can't wait to go back!
5	While on a Memorial Day bachelor party weekend, I dediced to dine at N9ne steakhouse. Since I was staying at the Palms, it was only natural that I wander in. It was about 8 of us and after about a 45 minute wait we were seated. I was astonished to see just how pricey the menu was, especially the wine list. But when in Vegas, party like a rockstar. So I went for the Lobster and Filet mignon ($59). The meat was so tender and juicy it just melted in your mouth like hot butter. I also got to try the Porterhouse and it was a thing of beauty. I love steak, I love it and this place right at the top of my list. I also got to try the French Onion soup and I have to say that it was the best soup I ever had. For 8 of us, the bill totaled about $700. Not your everyday steakhouse but if your looking for something out of this world, strap on and they will take you there.
3	The food is good but I think this is one of the most over rated steakhouses in the city.  Went once and have not gone back.  There are many others that blow this one out of the water.
2	Overview: --Overpriced, seasonly-challenged restaurant. Better value and food elsewhere on the strip.What I had:--bread basket--cesar salad--seafood platter--Filet mignon, medium--side of mashed potatoes and mac'n'cheese--Banana & chocolate cream pieThe Great:--bread was fantastic, especially the pretzel loaf and puffy muffinsThe Good:--Banana & chocolate cream pie desert --Cesar salad but come on, how do you mess up iceberg, croutons, and dressing?The Mediocre:--Unremarkable ambience. Honestly I can't even remember it.--Service was pretty darn slow. Yes, we had a table of 15 people but this is Vegas and that scenario is extremely common. Everything felt a half hour behind schedule.The Bad:--seafood platter had 1) a pleasant large cold shrimp, 2) underwhelming pieces of cold crab meat, and 3) the blandest lobster tail I've ever had in my life -  no joke. It was utterly devoid of flavor. --the steak; properly cooked, tender meat, but criminally over salted. I'm talking "tongue writhing with dehydration" salty. I THINK I could taste some steak under all the seasoning. Most everyone in my party agreed.Summary:--Don't be fooled by this "high end" steakhouse. Just because they nonsensically have a number in their name and charge a pretty penny doesn't mean you're getting good food. In fact, I'd probably have enjoyed a meal at Outback more and payed a third of what I did here.
5	I eat here everytime I go to Vegas...the food never disappoints and our favorite server (Stewart) always makes it a fantastic experience.The best thing I ever ate exists on this menu...the Surf and Turf!  Get it!  It is pricey (about $60), but it is pure heaven!  Filet, lobster, truffle sauce...oh, I want it right now!  Definitely put N9NE on your list of places to eat when in Vegas, and then have a few cocktails up at ghostbar to kick off the night!
2	We love to try new steak houses in Vegas and this one was a serious disappointment. There is nothing special about the ambiance or location. The food is good, but I have had similar meals at other steak houses for significantly less money. The service was fine, but again nothing special to entail the steep price. Their wine prices alone were significantly higher than similar establishments.  I would go to just about any other steak place on the strip before I would bother going back here.
3	Date/Time:  Sunday - 7:30pmOccasion:  Dinner with good friendsParty of: FiveLocation:  Ultra chic and trendy.  Spacious.  Ordered:  Chilled Asparagus Salad, Lobster Bisque, Ribeye (done medium) for two, Twice-baked Potato with Black Truffle, Roasted Mushrooms with Caramelized Onions, and Creamed Spinach. "Complimentary Mini Chicken EmpanadasTotal incl gratuity: ~$190It's not a Vegas trip unless we dine at a steakhouse so for this trip, we decided to venture over to N9NE steakhouse for a nice hearty meal.  I was pleasantly surprised by the trendy appeal of the restaurant. Nice dim purple lighting.  Silver furniture.  I liked.  The service was also pleasant.  The hostess seated us right away and our server - Nate greeted us immediately.Much on the menu looked good.  We had to refrain from ordering with our stomach to prevent ordering too much.  I guess we didn't do that great of a job because we still had so much leftover.  The chilled asparagus salad was a great starter.  It was chilled asparagus atop prosciutto with fresh arugula, maytag bleu cheese, and balsamic vinaigrette.  The asparagus was nice, cold, and crisp.  It went well with the ever so savory prosciutto.  I was also impressed with the lobster bisque.  Just the right amount of richness and very generous in their lobster chunks.As for our main entree, I was slightly disappointed.  The rib-eye arrived all slice up (similar to Peter Lugar).  Because it was already sliced for us, it seemed to dry up a lot quicker.  By the time I got to my third slice, the meat was not very moist.  I expect a $90 steak to stay piping hot and moist.  Unfortunately this wasn't the case.  Flavor was OK.  It was served with an extremely strong wine-sauce.  One thing is for sure - it was a big piece of meat; enough to feed three!  In retrospect, I probably would have preferred to order my own, smaller steak.  The sides were all excellent.  Twice baked potato served with huge petal sized black truffle.  Made it extra rich!  Definite must have.  Mushrooms were very flavorful.  Recommend passing on the creamed spinach.  Not quite what I was expecting.  A bit on the watery side with an overage of cheese.It was a good experience but I was expecting a bit more.  Doesn't quite make it on my list of must-return Vegas restaurants although I'm glad I can check it off. :)
5	Recommended by a friend who is also a snob for excellent service and food this was the "nice" dinner for a friends bachelor party.  This place did not disappoint.There was a mixup between on the scheduling between Friday & Saturday night.  With a few big events in town that weekend I was not holding out hope to reschedule last minute on Friday for Saturday.  With just one phone call and a call back from them about 10 minutes later a table for 6 opened up for us at the same time we reserved on Friday.  +1We arrived promptly at 8:30 and were seated before our first round of cocktails were finished being prepared by the very beautiful and friendly bar tender.  +1The first two things out of our waiters mouth were "thank you Mr. Weber for choosing to dine with us tonight, apologizing for the reservation mixup (+1) and asking if there were any reservations we had that evening he should be aware of so we can ensure you are not rushed."  Love it!!!  +1Did I mention the decor was very cool and modern, it may have been a former nightclub from what it looked like with a large bar in the center of the seating area aside from the one near the entrance/waiting area.  Far from the "livestock on the wall" great steak places I've been to before.Yes, the entree's are pricy and everything is a la carte, but that's to be expected for a high-end steak restaurant in Las Vegas.  Considering that, I felt the prices were on par.There were 6 of us dining and we all had something different with a few appetizers.  A friend and I split the Sashimi appetizer which was fresh and well presented.  I had the 8oz filet with Lobster potatoes.  The steak was served hot and perfectly cooked.  The Lobster potatoes melted in my mouth and were a perfect accompaniment to the Filet.  I'll leave it to them to review their own meals but it was smiles all around.  Many of whom are from the mid-west and dine often at finer steak restaurants raking their meal in the top 5.Through the meal our waiter was very attentive.  At one point a friend pointed out that his porterhouse was 2 levels overcooked.  Before the waiter returned with his complementary cocktail for the inconvenience a perfectly cooked replacement was in front of him!  Seriously less than 90 seconds, i was blown away.Through the meal we were treated to complementary appetizer shots (forget what they were, but delicious and unexpected) along with a complementary tequila shot at the end of the meal.I maybe a bit biased being it was my best friends bachelor party, but this was easily one of the top 5 enjoyable meals in my life.At the end of the evening the check came.  Not to be crass but i polled the group to get an idea of what they though the bill should be.  Outside of one person who nearly guessed it to the dollar, who then later changed it to $100 higher, everyone was easily $100 over.  To me that shows the great value this place delivered.  Looking forward to our next visit.
2	Good steak.  Very average "Old Vegas" style of service.  Waited 20 minutes after we were seated to order drinks.  Waiter asked if he should take the wine glasses and I said we would order wine once we decided what to eat.  Wine was never brought up again.  Halfway through my main course I finally flagged him down to order a glass.  He brought it when I was done eating.   Didn't ask if we wanted desert.  They are suffering a little in my review because the night before we had a spectacular meal at Pauolo at the Cosmopolitan for half the price.
5	AWESOME FOOD AWESOME ATMOSPHERE!! Fast service and waiter kept our drinks filled even tho he had other tables to wait on.. Loud but when everyone is drinking and having fun who really cares... Will be back and so will you
4	Its not the best steakhouse but it was pretty good. I had the crabcake to start and it was good but not great not worth the money. Then I had the filet with the lobster mash potatoes and both were very good especially the mash with tons of lobster. Beware it is a bit pricey
5	I've been here twice and both experiences were OUTSTANDING.First time: Came here with 4 others. I ordered the Kobe burger and a martini. Staff was very friendly. Great setting. It is somewhat expensive, but you definitely get what you pay for. A few friends ordered steak and it was AMAZING. Second time: Came here with 7 friends for my birthday dinner. We all left very satisfied and will definitely come back. This is definitely one of my favorite steakhouses, if not my favorite.
4	I was thoroughly impressed. N9ne definitely exceeded my expectations as I'd heard it's known more as a place to see and be seen, than for it's food.I had the wedge salad with the balsamic dressing rather than the ranch to start and it was easily the best salad dressing I've ever had in my life.  For my meal I had the filet mignon. It was delicious! Cooked perfectly, tender and a very tasty glaze on it.  I'm not a drinker, so I can't tell you about that aspect.The prices weren't as bad as I originally anticipated either and N9ne is easily one of the more reasonable upscale restaurants price wise in Vegas.  I'm a local, so I've been to many of the well known Vegas restaurants and this is definitely one of my favorites, I will be back.The atmosphere was very trendy, in a weird way reminded me of a Virgin America flight.  Dim lighting with a purple tint.  Tables far enough away from each other that I didn't feel like I was eating with strangers.  Service was also excellent, from the hostess that greeted us all the way to the bus boy.The missing star is because it's loud in there.  The music is better suited for a club than an intimate dinner.  My date has a heavy accent and I could barely hear or understand anything that he said.Overall, great experience and I highly recommend it.
2	our group of 6 had dinner at n9ne on a Sunday evening at 9 Food was decent not amazing.  The prices were outrageous and the atmosphere was lacking. Definitely not worth the crazy prices, there are so many other great places with better atmosphere and food to try.
5	Just went back...5 stars remains!!!
5	I've been planning to eat at N9Ne for 10+ years, but always end up elsewhere during short stays in Vegas. Celebrated my daughter's 21st Birthday last month in Las Vegas and we had dinner there. In a word: OUTSTANDING! In another word: PRICEY!  Expensive? Very, but well worth it, especially for an event such as Birthday, Anniversary, other special milestones, or  simply a moderate win at the tables! The main dinning room has silver tones and is extremely minimalistic, a design that I'm still not sure works. My expectation was that the room's design would be more whimsical than empty, but the focus at N9NE is definitely the food and the A-List celebrity clientele (the night we dined we were surrounded by many NHL players and front office personnel; John Hamm from "Mad Men" and probably others; we weren't gawking fans).Service was extremely professional and even from the moment we were seated throughout our meal. While it was clear to me that N9NE turns their tables at least twice per evening, we were never felt rushed or un-important. Even though it was our first time at N9NE, our server and his assistant made us feel as if we were absolute regulars. Started off with their Cesar Salad, which is the traditional basic Ceasar; good but not spectacular. We both had the Filet Mignon; I added the  lobster tail and my daughter had the crab legs. The filet's were expertly grilled, and though only 8 ounces, it proved to be enough with the shellfish accompaniment. Complementing the entrees were two side dishes we ordered (the menu is largely ala carte): Garlic string beans and Lobster Mash Potatoes. I said LOBSTER MASH POTATOES!!!! LOB-STER MASH PO-TA-TOES!!! The garlic string beans were sublime, perfectly cooked al dente, with a thoughtful mix of butter and fresh garlic. If all green vegetables tasted like this, I'd consider vegetarianism. The lobster mash potatoes may be the most unique and decadent (non-dessert) dish I've tried. It was spectacular! Well worth the $18 price tag for a relatively small bowl, perfect for two.The dish consisted of mash potatoes with a fair amount of lobster meat mixed in, a few large pieces of lobster at the top of the bowl, with a splash of N9NE's Lobster Bisque poured throughout. In the perfect utopian world you'd be eating this side dish every night. I know I would!We ended the meal with a dessert you wouldn't normally see on the menu of an upscale steakhouse - Smores. It's all about presentation here. Again, pricey but worth it. This is not your standard issue campsight marshmallow roast. Served on a large silver plate, the presentation includes 6 graham crackers with a thick, generous amount of chocolate ganache atop (it would've been too easy and less unique to simply put out squares of milk chocolate), 12 marshmallows, and a jell-based heat source similar to those used in Japanese restaurants and bars for heating small skewers. The server dramatically lights the element, and heads turn in the restaurant. This dessert sells itself, just by virtue of having one table order it and the rest of the room noticing it. Two large wooden skewers and a small scoop of home-made ice cream round out the delight.Torch the marshmallow, spread it on top of the ganache on the graham cracker, and enjoy it open-face with a cup of coffee or espresso. Six smores split by 2 people is the right amount of sweets. My only complaint (and it's slight) is that for this dish I'd use the more fancy, hand-crafted marshmallows rather then the "pedestrian" Stay-Puff variety that N9NE uses. Still, a perfect ending to a great meal.This is a top-notch place and reservations are a must. Remember these three words and you can't go wrong at N9NE : Lobster Mash Potatoes!
5	Amazing, amazing, amazing food. I ordered the filet and lobster and the lobster had a truffle oil on it. My filet was cooked to a perfect medium rare and practically fell apart in my mouth. Hummina, hummina, O-M-G that was g'damn delicious. The specialty cocktails were also yummy; I just wish I remembered what I ordered. We ate there twice in one weekend - once at a table and another time at the bar - both times the service was excellent. If you have the bling, do it up!
5	I was here one the recommendation of some friends. This is a great restaurant.  The steak was great. The garbage pale salad was one of the best salads I've ever eaten. The pop corn shrimp was really good also. Service was good. This place is at the Palms.
3	On my most recent and likely last (for awhile) Vegas trip, my intentions were to eat at some top-notch restaurants...We stayed at the Palms on Thursday night and headed to N9NE...Very cool atmosphere, nice bar area...definitely good sceneMy girlfriends and I elected to order apps for the meal rather than full dinnersStarted with the tunta tartar...Perfect!...Fresh, delectable, just rightThen on to Oysters on the half-shell....small (guess I need to be close to some body of water for normal size), these were ok....The real winner was our third app, Risotto....WOW!, warm, heavenly and comforting...Sauvignon Blanc by the glass was an excellent choiceN9NE all in all was a nice experience
5	I loved N9NE. The atmosphere is very loungey, with pink lighting, dark booths, and loud clubish music. We picked this place as our one super nice, upscale steakhouse and it did not dissapoint. I had the filet with bernaise sauce and a loaded baked potato...delicious. We had the smores for dessert, a fun way to end the night. Would definitely recommend this place.
3	N9NE was the first place we tried at the Palms Casino. The atmosphere is trendy and not too loud. Service is decent nothing spectacular. The three of us decided to eat Oysters on the Half Shell, Ahi Tuna Tartare and the Porcini Risotto. Pleased by the menu and our selections of food, however there is no WOW factor. We all agreed that none of these were better than anything we could have had in any other restaurant. The saving grace was my wine that made me smile and my friend enjoyed her glass. I didn't want a white wine as I was in the mood for red. With the food choices I needed something light with flavor yet not overpowering. Pinot Noir was my selection by Cold Light.  The wine was very smooth and light with hints of chocolate and oak. Dinner ended pleasantly as we were all very ready for the next spot to enjoy dessert. FIND PICTURES ON http://jenn-uncorked.com
5	Very trendy and hip, the decor is loungy. Not like too many steakhouses I have been to previously. The food and service were fantastic. I had a 12 oz filet rare cooked perfectly. The potato gnocchi was awesome. I also had the creamed corn which was not too heavy. I liked 9 a lot more then I expected and would definitely go back. It's a hip and energetic vibe. It is very expensive, expect about $100+ per person if you have drinks.
5	If you want a FANTASTIC dinner while in Vegas, I highly recommend N9NE Steakhouse at the Palms. Yes, it's pricey (as others have mentioned), but hey, it's Las Vegas... so is everything else! We started with the Stuffed Mushrooms - nine plump mushrooms stuffed with Alaskan King Crab, and covered in cheese. Delicious!! I also had a Caesar salad (with anchovies), which I described to the others I was with as the best Caesar salad I've ever eaten. For the main course, I chose the 24 ounce bone-in rib-eye. PERFECTION!  I've eaten at a number of the "high end" steakhouses (Ruth's Chris, Smith & Wollensky, etc), and N9NE served me the best steak I've ever eaten. Exactly as a steak should be. My wife had the scallops (I know, I know... but she wasn't feeling a steak). Her scallops were perfectly cooked, and wonderful as well. She and I split a loaded baked potato. If I'm being picky (and I have to be to find something wrong with the place) the potato was a bit overcooked... but again, I'm being picky. Whether or not the ambiance of the place is to your liking is a personal decision, but we loved it. We found it fun and typical of "over-the-top" Las Vegas! Our waiter was very prompt and attentive, and his recommendation of the rib-eye was spot on! He was fun, and when my wife and her friend just mentioned off-hand that they were celebrating their birthdays, he brought two Red Velvet cupcakes with candles for dessert. A little cheesy for such an upscale restaurant? Probably, but I really appreciated the gesture. My advice? GO! You'll enjoy the experience!
5	I come to Vegas as least once a year, and N9NE is one of the things that's always on the itinerary. It's one of those "living large" splurges you must do if you love good food, more specifically...great meat! I am a carnivore but not one of those "meat worshipers" by no stretch of imagination, but a meal from N9NE is one of those you mull over and fantasize for another year till you get in there again. Somehow I always want to branch out but end up ordering the porterhouse special to share with a friend. The meat comes in a skillet, tantalizing you with its smells and juices. Every time it's so rich, moist, velvety and buttery.... I just don't know... I am pretty sure it's cooked with some devil magic. The sides are always great, but who cares about sides when the meat is so sinfully good? The ambiance is definitely what sets it apart from the "traditional" steakhouse. I do enjoy the contemporary, airy and trendy look they are going for. It is in the Palms, after all. On the side note, it does get a little loud on the weekends and nights. Bottom line, I've been to many steakhouses but N9NE is one of those you remember and crave to go back to.
5	My husband and I had the most incredible time at N9NE. The service was unbeatable and there was person after person falling over themselves to help you. We started off with Rock Shrimp and Kobe Carpaccio - the rock shrimp was lovely but I probably wouldn't order the carpaccio again. It was lovely, but I like to try new things! We had lovely martinis although I forget what they were exactly! Husband and I both went for the surf and turf and the potato gnocci on the side. The steak was soooooo tender and the accompanying sauces matched the lobster and steak so well. The gnocci was beautiful but it was all quite rich by the time we'd finished our meals. On to dessert and really you can only have s'mores here and they were the most fun dessert I have ever had. They were fabulous, romantic and delightful. My man and I had the most fun with these.Overall this was an amazing dining experience and well worth the $$$. It is a treat and should be savored as it is fabulous, would go back in a second.
4	I'm serching for the best steakhouse in Vegas and will try a new one each month.  If you're trying to decide on a steakhouse, check out my other reviews for comparisons.  I'll rate them all based on the same criteria.   I've been to N9ne twice now in the past few months and I will go back.  My first experience was just OK but the last was outstanding.  This is the average (4 stars overall) for each part of the experience:Decor = 5 stars based on my preference for contemporary spaces.Bar experience = 4 stars for attentive service from attractive bartenders.  Strong drinks but a bit pricey ($14)Crowd = 5 stars.  Its a well dressed young crowd with older high rollers mixed in.  Most people stop off here on their way out on the town for the night and are dressed accordingly.Overall food = 4 stars.  The bread is fresh and a nice assortment.  Sides are exactly as expected.  Don't order the surf and turf though becasue the lobster tail is small and isn't fresh.  DO try the lobster mashed potatoes though.The steak = 4 stars.  My first Porterhouse was average.  Well cooked but a bit light on flavor.  My second was a bone-in rib-eye which was outstanding.Wine = 4 stars for a solid wine list.  Affordable bottles are sprinkled in among notable high end wines and notable vinatage cellar wines.  Markup is 40 to 50% as expected.Service = 5 stars for my taste as I prefer approachable over stuffy.  Servers are friendly, funny, knowledgable, and honest.  You don't feel like they are trying to upsell.  Trust their recommendations on food and wine. They also brought us a complimentary pot sticker appetizer to start.  Little things go a long way.The check = $125 per person with steak, side, desert, and wineRecommended.
4	Fabulous experience.We were here as part of a group of 50 people and we had the back room.  It was secluded from the rest of the restaurant but the glass windows kept us still part of the full place.The restaurant is tastefully decorated - clean - and calming.  Maybe a bit too antiseptic.Our servers were very professional, fast and efficient.The meal . . . We had a mix of appetizers . . . the bruchetta was great.I enjoyed the filet for dinner and it was perfectly cooked.
4	I have eaten at N9NE probably 12 to 15 times but finally just geting around to reviewing it. Obviously if I have gone back 12-15 times I like it. This is "the place to be seen" when you are on the Palms properties, lots of pretty people watching and don't be suprised if you are sitting down next to a celeb, I always see celebs dining in there. Atmosphere is upbeat and loud but brings a great positive energy with it. This is a steakhouse and they do steaks and fillets best, I have switched it up a few times and tried some of their others entrees and seafood but I keep coming back to either their bone in fillet or fillet mignon with blue cheese crust, very basic but they do it better than anyone else. Everything is ala carte and prices are higher, but you get what you pay for. Reservations are highly recomended especially on weekends at peak hours...enjoy
2	Disappointed... I do luv Jonny the bartender! My steak was dry & over cooked... My friends bone in Filet looked good next time I will order that!
5	Woooo Hooooo!!! I always eat here..prob about 20 times now : ). Every time I am not disappointed. The service is great. The atmosphere is just so perfectly Vegas! A little glitz and glitter, friendly wait staff...and they will do just about anything to make you happy! The only thing I was not crazy about was the gnocchi. Other than that stellar food and drink. Definitely start with the pink pussycat followed by a Paloma!!! Perfect!! The steak is awesome and my friends from Hawaii said the Tuna they got was the best they have ever had in the mainland!!! I will add pictures later, for now this is my one must every time I go to Vegas.
4	the good...4 stars for the food, the ambiance, free champagne and free entrance to Playboy clubnot 5 stars for the service, the wine price and noiseIt was a party of 7 people. We had 3 bottles of wine and food...total $1000 gratuity included.I have to say, the ribeye, porterhouse were out of this world. everything else was good but overpriced. The wine was way too expensive. Service was horrible. we had 3 diferrent waiters that did not seem to know the wine list or wine at all...pretty sad for the money we paid. It was really hard to hear the waiters and they had a hard time understand what was going on. It was just too loud and i don't mind noise.They overcharged us so we bithed about it and got a free bottle of champagen s that was good. we even got free admittance for 7 to the Palyboy club...that in itself was priceless.We enede up getting a pretty good deal but we were lucky...
5	Ate here last night. Great food. Excellent service. Nice ambiance. What more do you need? Will visit again!
5	This is a definite yes. Very hipster, very trendy, definitely can see celebs in here. The food is on point all of the time.I live in Vegas, I go here. :)
5	The night my friends and I had one of the greatest meals ever here, we had to ask our server to rush our food out because we were going to be late for our Blue Man Group show! I ate here a few years ago but from other reviews, I can see what I'm about to say still applies:Ambiance is awesome.  Food is unbelievable.  I distinctly remember having the best salad I've ever had in my life here which ironically was named the Garbage Salad.  And my friends and I shared some of the best Michele Chiarlo champagne ever here too. We liked it so much that we ordered a case of it once we got home.  Can't wait for my next trip to Vegas so I can enjoy a meal here in proper fashion and enjoy every bite instead of rushing through it!
5	The Bone-in filet is amazing.  One of the best steaks I've ever had.  The sides were solid - the mac n' cheese was really good.  It was quiet at 6:30 pm and deafening at 9pm.  That place gets hoppin'.  Even on a Tuesday.  Really expensive, so bring your winnings!
5	This review includes a few of the dishes we had at N9NE. We hard a party of 9 so there many dishes brought out that were all delicious looking. Since I am vegetarian these are some of the dishes worth trying. Garbage salad, the pretzel bread that is served in the bread basket w/dijon mustard, new bronzevich oysters, lobster bisque, side dishes of asparagus, mushrooms and onions. My bf had the surf n turf that he loved and my brother had the 16 oz steak that he said was the best he ever had. The bone in rib eye was shared amongst 4 people b/c it was huge and from what they said, it was to die for! Moving onto dessert! The s'mores are awesome. The presentation is one of a kind. You are served enough for 4+ people. If you love chocolate then this is for you, besides the squares of Hershey's chocolate the Graham cracker has a layer of chocolate gnache on top!! After you burn your marshmallow to a crisp ( how I like it) the chocolatey marshmallowy goodness melts in your mouth!!!
2	The WORST service I have ever had in a restaurant in Las Vegas. Two stars only because the food was very good. Otherwise I would give one star. It has the prices (and food) that go along with a fine dining establishment, but the service was so awful that all of the effort that goes into such is totally wasted. Maybe because I'm not a playboy bunny?  I noticed that the table adjacent to ours was fawned over by the same waiter. That table happened to have a very beautiful woman who apeared to be a model (a real one) seated at it. So here's the low-down:  we waited for about 15 minutes before our waiter materialized to take our drink and dinner order at the same time.  When I ordered my steak, I told him to bring us an order of each of the four steak sauces that I knew we would both enjoy. He looked at me as if I were insane, which prompted me to inquire if the sauces were extremely large servings. He told me I should maybe scale it back to one or two sauces, because they were 4$ each. Hmmm. So I'm spending hundreds of dollars on dinner and he thinks that a few $4 sauces are going to break my bank?  So I scaled back to only one sauce.  It was a pretty good peppercorn sauce, which I would have enjoyed more of, but the waiter disappeared when our food was delivered and we never saw him again.  Actually we saw him, but he was too busy fawning over the other nearby table to notice that we might like some more bread (completely gone), another drink (the sangria was very good), or anything else for that matter.  Once again, very good food but absolutely the WORST SERVICE I have ever received anywhere in Las Vegas.  And I have been to quite a few restaurants there.  I will not be going back.  There are way too many excellent steakhouses in LV to suffer through this kind of lack of service.
5	Again, sitting at the bar, great googley schmoogley... was this good.Sarah's eyes roll deep in her head when we talk of the dinner here. I enjoyed it immensely... but I love that she loved it more. There's nothing better than making my girl happy, and N9NE did it exceedingly well.
4	high end steak house with great service.  definitely great, but pretty much interchangeable with any other high end steak house with a pricey menu.
4	Quite possibly some of the best steaks I've ever had. I absolutely loved the modern, Miami-esque vibe. (I've never been to Miami, but I imagine it would have this vibe.) I was with a large party and they seated us very quickly. One of the chairs at our table had a screw sticking out of it and poked my friend in the leg. The server gave each of us a free shot of Don Julio for the trouble. I'll take it!Pricey, but very high quality food, service and atmosphere. I don't really care for The Palms in general, but I will be back solely for this steakhouse.
5	Sat at the bar for dinner. I was super impressed with the bartendress. She knew her stuff. She gave great advice on the wine pairings and it was an amazing steak.I had the top sirloin and it was cooked to perfection. It was really expensive but seriously rivaled a Ruth's Chris steak. A lot of times in Vegas, things are over-priced and totally not worth it. This place is different, over-priced and totally worth it.Highly Highly Highly recommend this spot if you win big and you can afford it. (or if you are on a company trip and your boss is paying for it.)
5	I orderded the New York Strip with sauteed mushrooms..... Deeeeeelish!! Cooked to perfection!!
5	Well worth the money if you hit it big on the slot machines.  The steaks are amazing!  Very tender and perfectly seasoned.  They offer a 40oz steak for two, but we split a 22 oz steak and that was more than enough for us.  We ordered the mushrooms and asparagus as sides.  Amazing!
5	doesn't get much better than this place...it really doesn't. great food, hip, comfy, enjoyable lighting. the only downfall is service can be sub-par depending on who you get, other than that, if you're staying at the Palms you HAVE TO EAT HERE, if you're visiting and staying somewhere else, try to make it here. FIne dinning here can add up, but you get what you pay for! -good food.
5	Now this is what all steakhouses should aim to be like.  Amazing from start to finish, from the sommelier's wine selection to the popcorn shrimp which were compliments of the chef.I had the surf and turf.  The filet was cooked absolutely perfectly.  The lobster, although on the small side, was buttery and succulent. Likes:  Awesome ambiance, great wait staff, knowledgeable sommelier, amazing food, great cocktails.Dislikes: A bit off the stripIf you're in Las Vegas and want a great steak, this is your spot.
5	Amazing!!!!! I have never had a bad experience in the last seven years of eating at N9NE. Last week my friends and I had a great time, the front staff was great, helped us right away, the dinning staff were great very friendly. The food was amazing, the food was fresh, and cooked perfectly. Traveled from San Francisco just to eat here and had a great experience. That you N9NE steakhouse.
2	On the positive side, the food was good and our waiter was very good. However, the food and wine was way overpriced. I noticed a few bottles that I am familiar with that were twice as much as other restaurants. While the food was good, it was a $35 steak, not a $55 steak. One other thing to mention is the ambiance. I marveled at the decorations and fixtures as they are going after an upscale cafeteria. -Strange. The floor, walls, and ceilings are obviously meant to reflect sound and not absorb  it. It was a loud scene even though it was not full. I would only go back again if I was staying at the Palms, did not want to go far, I did not want to talk to or hear the people I was with, and the meal was comped.
4	Came here for dinner on Sunday with a couple friends.  Very good food.  Everything tasted great. List of things we got (yes we killed it) they were all good:Appetizer: Rock ShrimpCalamariShroomsSalads:Blue Cheese WedgeEntrees:Bone in Rib Eye- Great, huge portion  Tasted great. Bone in FilletSea ScallopsSides:Garlic Green BeansMac n CheeseCreamed CornMushroomsHot PotatoesGrilled AsparagusDessert:CobblerDoughnuts
5	The best I have had! The new edgy restaurant is a must for the need to be seen! Bone in ribeye and lobster mashed potatoes! A must when I'm Vegas.
3	Food was great, but I cant figure this place out. Maybe I'm just not accustom to the whole Vegas hipster dinning scene, but I felt like I was eating at a night club. The blaring techno music and service was undesirable. The only time we spoke to our front waiter was when he took our order and dropped the check, I felt the back waiter was far more attentive. The wine list, though fairly extensive, had very few hidden gems and lacked options for certain regions. We informed the host stand of my friends birthday, yet there was no mention of it from the wait staff.
5	Best *'%#ing streak house! Better than Mastros. 1000 degree oven masks the streak awesome.
5	Went here a few years ago for my friend's birthday dinner. Got the surf n turf, and was forever changed. I dreamed about going back to this place, soooo good. I'm not a big seafood person, so the surf part of my meal wasn't my fav, it tasted like lobster, and was a little too chewy for me, but that's why I really don't like lobster. It comes on a bed of lobster mashed potatoes, that are my fav.The next time I came back, I ended up having this place two days in a row, once when I treated my friend for her birthday and then the next night we went again with her family. I must say, it's not cheap, but for special occasions, it's worth it. We got comped dessert both times for both birthdays, the donuts are serious crack, like needing rehab for. I recommend getting the wine sauce for your steaks, it's the perfect touch. Service is impeccable, and people are excellent at their job.
5	I have a few favorite steakhouses I really like and N9ne is very high on the list..Been here several times now and each time it gets better..Started with the popcorn shrimp, just plain good and tasty and the blue cheese wedge..The service is should have a ranking of its own, second to none and I mean to none..they are on their game, and fun and friendly and have great recommendations.Their steaks are good and lean and cooked just how you want, add the lemon grilled asparagus and some steak fries and you will be happy for a very long time..Took my family on this recent visit and they literally left speechless..Im hungry now...cannot wait to go back..
5	Can we give 6 starsThe service the aroma, the flash and flare blended well together.Anthony our waiter was so cool, polite and personable.  The place was packed and it was late....  Nestled in the Palms hotel, I would of never believed how good this place is.Sure the appetizers are about 20.00 each, and Wow the wine list is chalk full of wines that you need to take a loan out to think about ordereing.....     I picked one that I knew... Oakville Fransiscan Cab.... It tasted better there than at the winerey....    You gotta understand...   I was wearing shorts a Tshirt, and flip flops,  and treated as was our table of 4 like everyone else...  A class act.The food......  wow wow wowJust order everything or anything it will be great.Thats how I felt after the first 3 appetizers and ohhhhhhh the fantastic bread basket of pretzel bread, pizza bread and some white stuff that I was to full to try ......I am looking forward to starving myself and being back after payday!We all felt like judges at Iron Chef while eating and complimenting each dish.Cheers!  Great food.  Thank you chef! :)
2	I've head a lot of great things about this place for years and finally had a chance to check it out on a recent trip to Las Vegas. My wife and I went along with another couple on a friday night. The restaurant was filled but our table was avaialble at the time of our reservation with no problems. We had a tough time deciding on what to eat and we all chose different things to make sure we could try as much as possible. Overall, the food was good but not great. The Lobster Bisque was really good, as were the Scallops with sweet potato hash (the Swee potatoes were especially good). The bone-in filet which was suggested to us by our waiter left something to be desired. Flavorful, yes, but it also had the fat and gristle you'd get in a Rib Eye.Overall, my biggest complaints about this restaurant were the ambiance and the service. It seems like it's trying to be more of a hip club than a steakhouse and, like the Palms in general, couldn't seem to figure out who they wanted to be, or to whom they wanted to cater. Our waiter was okay but a bit cocky and annoying. When we complained about our drinks being weak, he insisted that they are all equal as the bartenders use jiggers to measure the alcohol. Then he offered to get his manager who came over. The manager did come over with extra shots for the cocktails, but continued the argument the waiter was making about the measured drinks, and also telling us the quality of their mixers make their drinks look weak. Come on.. this restaurant is over $100/head, just make us a good drink and don't argue with us when we're telling you it's terrible.Anything you can get at N9NE, you can get it better elsewhere in LV. Better food. Better Service. Better Drinks. Better Ambiance. Better Hotel / Casino.
5	By far my favorite Steakhouse in Vegas. Ill first start off with how excellent the service was. Friendly, upbeat server, and we were probably his last table of the night (usually when you would get the worst service.) Attentive throughout the night without being over-bearing, love dat.I had the 8oz Filet with a lobster tail. For 27 bucks, the tail was actually a decent size and was delicious. The rest of my party also loved the food, zero complaints. Overall it was a great dining experience and I will be sure to be back any chance I can.
4	I had the Wedge salad and an 8oz filet.  Steak rivaled that of Ruth's Chris.  Food and service were excellent although, not sure it's just a Las Vegas thing, but the music was a little too loud for my taste.  Other than that, I'd recommend it and go back myself.
5	This is the ONLY place in LV that we found the service to be exceptional!! Our meals were as divine as we would expect from an upscale restaurant. And since we were celebrating a birthday they brought out this fantastically-presented dessert sampler platter compliments of the house. A splendid time with the most delicious large portion dishes. A must go in the Palms Casino!!!
5	Hands down the best Steakhouse i've ever eaten at.  Oysters Rockefeller is to die for.  24oz Ribeye is the way to go.  From top to bottom the staff and service is second to none.   One time I dined there and my wife's steak was under cooked, the levels the manager went to, to compensate was far above what we could've ever expected.  Every time I am in Vegas you can be sure i'll be dining at N9NE!
1	I'm giving this a 1 star rating strictly based on the steak. I got the bone-in filet and completely disappointed! I have yet to have a steak better than Sullivan's yet I continue to try and experiment with other places. The steak here, while a good cut, was not flavored/seasoned well at all. I prefer more of a peppery seasoning and this was completely lacking. I would not go back for the steak. However, the atmosphere was kind of cool. It's like eating dinner in a nightclub but without the crowd. The music they play was getting me in the mood to go out afterwards so I really liked that. The drinks were pretty good and our server was great!Take the food out of the equation I give the place 4 stars. But paying $60 for a steak, the food weighed a lot on my rating.
5	Best steak ever... Get the ribeye with mushroom & 25 year balsamic vinegar reduction sauce!
5	Let me start off by saying that the head chef is a fam friend of ours. So perhaps my review is a bit biased haha. But Honestly the food here is amazing, as is the service. The filet is mouth watering. Seasoned perfectly.  As is the prime rib for 2. HUGE PORTION! The kobe burger is also very tasty! I've also  Love the Lobster Mac and Cheese as well. A must order is the gnocchi! melts in your mouth. We always start every meal with the seafood platter.. great appetizer! Generous portions of seafood.  They also have a great selection of desserts. We always order a few different kinds. The creme brulee is perhaps the best I've ever had. the top is torched to perfecton. Also the smores presentation alone is worth ordering.LOVE THIS PLACE! & Visit frequently!
5	Great food and atmosphere. Room cool yet cold. Hard to locate as when you walk in just look for a " 9 " on the wall.
5	My wife and I eat at alot of 4 and 5 star restaurants...might be an "early call", but this could have been the "best meal of 2012" for us....service was perfect...rock shrimp app was delish, garbage salad great, and steaks prepared perfectly (wife said her filet was "better than mortons")!. Dont miss this one!
3	Cool atmosphere, good scene.  Food is very good, but not off the charts.  Our server was only fair, and didn't seem terribly interested in serving us right from the start.  Wine list is impressive, but the wine is grossly overpriced.
5	Easily one of the best restaurants in Vegas.Came here this weekend and Chef Barry pulled out all the stops as usual. The food has been consistently outstanding over the years, and the service is excellent.I realize everyone comes here for the steaks - as they should because the steaks  are amazing - but I gotta say, those Lamb Chops rock my worrrrld. They're perfectly roasted in a rosemary jus and crusted with parmesan pine nut goodness. OMG-worthy at every bite!Don't miss the Garbage Salad. This is coming to you from someone who does not like salads. I would almost go so far as to say I generally *hate* salads. But I make exception for this one.My favorite side is the Truffle Cream Gnocchi. It's one of those sides that you wish would never end, but if it has to, it's with a whopping lick of the plate. Other great sides: Skinny Fries, Creamed Corn, Lobster Mashed Potatoes.The shellfish is excellent too - very fresh. We had a sample on ice, including oysters, crab legs and lobster claws. Yum!Desserts: good selection, artfully presented.Vibe is trendy, service is at an exceptionally high standard, and there is almost always a celebrity sighting.Dining at N9NE is a 5-star experience all the way around. Can't wait for next time!
5	Really enjoyed this restaurant. I've eaten there several times and our servers were very attentive and took very good care of us. The bread was fresh and yummy. The steaks were absolutely delicious. The sides were really good. Overall I enjoyed the experience and the food. Every time I've gone, I've had a really enjoyable experience. I highly recommend.
4	Second time at N9NE.  I'm left a little ambivalent about what to write. The steak, sides, service, and menu are all first rate.  Its just that this room, like most of the rest of the resort and casino, is fading into obscurity.  I was there on a Sunday night in the midst of the first weekend of March Madness (one of the busiest times in Vegas.)  The room was pretty desolate, and just didn't have the vibe it used to as a destination in sin city.  On the other hand, I have to give the restaurant credit.  Great martini.  Great steak.  They even butterflied it for me as I generally like them cooked medium-well.  The quality of the beef is top-notch, and the service couldn't be better.  Even with my party obnoxiously walking in with plastic cups filled to the brim with vodka.  Apparently the bender continued through the next day.  This was the remnants from the half bottle of Stoli Elite they brought back to their rooms from the bottle service the night before at Ghostbar.Again, great dinner.  Great service.  Just not the scene you'd come to have expected at the Palms of the past.
3	This joint has all your classic steakhouse fare. I usually start w/ the small seafood platter. Everything is fresh and delicious. My fave steak when I do eat meat is the bone-in ribeye. I have had mixed results. One time our ribeyes were so tough we couldn't eat them. We had eaten so much other food, that we didn't send them back. The Mgr gave us some 25 yr old Macallan which was a nice gesture. The iceberg wedge is awesome as are the lobster mac and cheese and fries.I have had mixed results w/ the hostesses also. One time we had to wait well past our res time. When I inquired the biatch sported an attitude. After we were seated we were given the $hittiest table in the joint at the base of the stairs right when you walk in the joint. I don't know about you, but I am in Vegas quarterly and I don't mind dropping $500 for 2 (inc wine and an after dinner drink) at a joint like this. We were told we would have to wait for another table. But we were in a rush to meet up w/ the XS w/ the wack chix we met @ Bare (take a look at my review for a funny story) earlier that day.The only reason I would come back is because of one of the waiters, Rey Dossantos. Rey hails from Oahu and has not lost his Aloha spirit living in Sin City. I would rate him 5 stars but everything else 2-3 stars. He has always gone out of his way to do something extra when something doesn't go right. Problem is that something doesn't go right every time I go.
5	In a word -- amazing. Probably one of the best dining experiences of my life. Perfect service, incredible food, great atmosphere -- you'll be hard pressed to find a better restaurant in the U.S. Kudos to our server, Heath -- he made a perfect night even better. N9ne is now on my "must-do" list when I visit Vegas.
5	i was in-town for business recently and my colleague would just not shut-up about this place, so i caved and gave it a try.  man, am i glad i did..!for cocktails, i ordered the sangria.  like many stuffy steakhouses, i expected a small 10-oz glass.  what was bought to me was a giant punch-bowl, in the world of cocktail glasses.  my first sip of this gods nectar was pure heavenly goodness.  incredible.  absolutely delish!i ordered the caesar salad and it was great.  not much else to say here.for my entree, i ordered the 35-day dry-aged bone-in rib eye.  one word:  phenomenal.  period.  done.  and done.  as a group, we decided to order several sides and share.  the highlight of those sides were the roasted mushrooms and the mac-n-cheese.  one of my dinner companions hates sauteed mushrooms.  but upon trying the roasted mushrooms, she actually liked them!  that speaks volumes, doesn't it???as for the mac-n-cheese:  a class all in its own.  best mac-n-cheese i've ever had.  wow.  creamy.  savory.  CUM-IN-YER-PANTS yummy!!!  one bite, and you just stop.  you literally stop so that every single taste bud in your mouth can have an cheese-induced organism.  eyes rolled back, beads of sweat forming on your forehead, heart fluttering, boom, pow!  time to change your tidey-whiteys.  =)5 full-blown stars for:  generous sangria, phenomenal rib-eye, to-die-for mac-n-cheese.N9NE steakhouse:  dig it!
5	Great food for special occasions, or just to treat yourself to the good life. :). The tequila-based aperitif at the end of the meal was indeed a happy ending.
4	Our dining experience was great. I do think it is a little over priced but the service from Marco and his crew was exceptional. And on a quirky side note, the butter they serve with the bread basket is phenomenal. So much so that I my sister in law ordered some from Amazon that night.
4	Hats off to our waiter for dealing with a very picky, very mixed group of eight ranging from 21-70.He knew exactly when to jump in to help with the menu and when to stand back.  He kept the atmosphere ticking over nicely and when it came to the obvious chaos of eight people all wanting to pay using everything from paypal to martian roubles - he handled billing with aplomb.  Really five out of five service and attention.  Every meal I have had here has relied on great service.The food was slightly less great than my memory suggested it would be. Mind you I was dining in a larger (cost conscious) group that really affected my ordering - you dont want to be the only one ordering appetizers and desserts right?My bone in filet was slightly more pink than I would have liked for a medium temp, I think the bone made matters more tricky for the cook, but at $60 you really want perfection.  Also, the skinny fries were more like shoestring/matchstick fries.
3	Hmm. A little disappointing, honestly. This place came well reviewed. It's a bit of a hike off the strip, but we figured it would be worthwhile. I...don't know if it was or wasn't. I can't call it a two, but it's not a four either. I hope for four when I'm spending this kind of money.Figuring we'd have plenty of beef, we headed right for the main course. I had a bone-in filet, and my friend had a bone in ribeye. The filet was cooked a little past my preferred medium rare, and also wasn't terribly tender for a filet - I think I've had better melt in your mouth beef at places like Ruth's Chris and III Forks. Flavor, even for a filet, was also low. I know I should have avoided it, but I'd never had a bone-in filet...and it came recommended, so I went with it. It also tasted like it was in a little bit of a brown broth...which had plenty of salt in it, but I'd rather have had a salt and pepper crust instead of a little bit of that sauce.Sides were fine - asparagus was really quite good, and creamed corn was fine, although definitely not up to par with the heavenly creamed corn from III Forks in Dallas. They're also a bit pricey, although they're of a decent size.My companion's ribeye sounded (and looked) better than my filet. It was also truly huge - 24oz weight, and he had a struggle to get it all down. Fortunately, he was aided by the creamed corn. Quote: "If I have a little more creamed corn, I think I'll be OK."The atmosphere is definitely not the classic steakhouse. And they're proud of that fact. LED mood lighting, bumping bass-y techno through the sound system, etc. I think I prefer the more classic steakhouse atmosphere, like I had last year in Vegas at The Foundation Room. Service was attentive, so that was fine. Of particular note, the hostess was...surgically augmented...in spectacular fashion. Whoever did the work needs to get a medal. And finally, price. A little high, I thought for quality, etc. Even in Vegas, this is a bit off strip, so I had been hoping it wouldn't be as high as it was.Would I go back? Actually, no. Usually that's the metric for my 3 star review, but in this case, it's not that it's bad, it's just that it isn't good enough to return given the hundreds of steakhouses that seem to be up and down the strip. I'm still looking for an oh-my-god spot. Maybe I'll find it next time.
5	Great pleace for large groups and for a birthday!I'm the type that likes to make a reservation with lots of advance notice, but end up in Vegas with a group of 7 and it doesn't always work that way. So trying to make a reservation at 4PM for 7 at 7 on a Saturday night wasn't very easy. Called around before finding N9ne that could accomodate our group for a birthday. Must say that although I enjoyed the total experience they could do with some changes to the interior, it is somewhat of a cold interior like mentioned in other reviews. Could use some interesting art & lighting. Got seated in the private dining area, which was even more bland. But dining with a group is never bland! And our group definitely lit that place up.At the beginning of the meal I wasn't very impressed with our waiter, he was a little cold and made an odd remark or two. However, he did warm up or maybe we warmed up to him by the first round of drinks. He was funny and accomodating with pictures. He also brought us complimentary shots after our meal which were soooo delish. And although we didn't order dessert because we were in a rush he brought out mini cupcakes for the table. The entire group was happy with his service and attention.Now to the food!I had the Organic Fire chicken and Lobster mash potatoes. Both Amazing. Most steak houses lack a good chicken dish, but this had a lot of flavor, moist and cooked to perfection. Mashed potatoes had many chunks of lobster, soooo good.Half the table had the Surf and Turf and they gushed over it! They all found the steak to be cooked to perfection and the lobster succulent. No complaints from all four that had it. The only meal not enjoyed at the table was the Black Pepper Fettuccini.
5	Atmosphere & steaks were awesome. Have dined here many times, you can't go wrong. Nine is a must when your in Vegas!
5	My top five favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.  Period.Service is exquisite-far exceeds places like Prime, Olives, and all the new foo-foo restaurants at Aria.  The servers know the menu like the back of their hand and always make sure you love what you order.Food is on point from start to finish.Ambiance is fun, sexy, and elegant.Cocktails are perfect.  Wine selection is awesome.  Christian has been rocking their wine department for several years.Perfect restaurant for large party that likes to party.This is a must visit  when you come to town.
5	Best time I've ever had chewing...and I've chewed a lot in my day.
1	If you enjoy eating at pretentious, overpriced, lackluster steakhouses, then N9NE is perfect for you.  If you're a sensible person who enjoys good food and getting value for money, stay away from N9NE.The appetizers were boring and unoriginal, comparable in quality to most sports bars or your average Applebees.  The steak was well overcooked, and I find it hard to believe that even if it were cooked properly, it wouldn't be any better from a filet you can buy from any grocery store and cook yourself (I should note here that I had their signature "world famous" filet - or whatever self-indulgent tagline they were using to describe it that particular night).  The decor of this place must be funded by the Massengill company, because it reeks of douche.  There is a big difference between trying to be modern, trendy, and chique, and trying too hard and falling on your face.  Maybe if they focused more energy on the food versus trendy mood lighting, this review would be different.  The only good thing that came out of my visit to N9NE was our waiter, I only hope that he's taken his talents to a restaurant worthy of him.This is the worst meal I've ever had at any fine dining restaurant in Las Vegas, period.
5	This place is AWESOME! My wife and I went here on our last night in Vegas recently, while we were in town for our wedding/honeymoon week (4/22-4/26/12). We should have gone here instead of going to Alize upstairs on the night of our wedding. The vibe at N9NE is young, hip and chic (but no one is out of place). If you don't mind paying a lot of money for really good food, then this is the place for you. I had the wedge salad, the 16 oz. bone-in filet with a king crab leg, and a wonderful wheat beer. Although you are going to pay an arm and a leg for the food (we paid $350), I believe it was WELL worth it.I disagree with Jordan A. - you would expect a place like this to be pretentious - but the staff that we encountered (hostess, waiter, bus boys) were all very nice, and very attentive. Although we don't have a lot of money, we never felt out of place or that anyone was looking down at us. We were treated very well.
4	I tried the surf & turf on two occasions.  Both times it was delicious.  You won't be disappointed with this dish.
3	Food was ok.  Service ok.  Computers were down so it took over 45 to pay our bill.  They didn't really seem to care.  I'll just stay on the Vegas strip next time.  The Palms hotel has really gone down hill.
3	The food and decor is very good. We had to wait a little while even though we had a reservation and the cocktail lady at the bar wasn't very helpful. Once a few in our party ordered some waters she was not interested in serving us anymore. The service has a bit of an attitude overall we noticed. Our server was good at what he did but was kind of a douchebag. He talked up the place very big and I don't think he realized that he was serving some pretty judgmental guests who have dined at some of the finest restaurants in the country.Overall the food was pretty good. I had a dry aged rib-eye which was cooked perfectly and full of flavor. Way too much food for one person. The side dishes were just okay. Nothing to write home about. The gnocchi was soaking in butter and the thin fries were so thin and short they were actually hard to eat. For four of us the bill was a little over $300 which I thought was a bargain. We didn't order any alcohol though which would have easily made our bill closer to $500.With all the great steakhouse options in Vegas I'd most likely find myself passing on this place in the future. It was good but the overall experience wasn't up to snuff.
5	My top five favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.  Period.  I llive in Las Vegas and have been coming here for almost 10 years. When friends come to town ALWAYS bring them here or to their spectacular sister restaurant Nove.  My most memorable and delicious experiences have been here.  Service is exquisite-far exceeds places like Prime, Olives, and all the new foo-foo restaurants at Aria.  The servers know the menu like the back of their hand and always make sure you love what you order.Food is on point from start to finish.Ambiance is fun, sexy, and elegant.Cocktails are perfect.  Wine selection is awesome.  Christian has Ben rocking their wine department for several years.Perfect restaurant for large party that likes to party.This is a must visit  when you come to our great city.  There are a zillion very good steakhouses in Las Vegas, however this restaurant is spectacular and consistently excellent.By the way, their chicken is to die for.  Bone in filet is also one of my favorites.
5	This may come as a surprise, but I am a mere mortal. Being a mortal (even if just barely), I do have my weaknesses. One such weakness would be a well prepared steak. I have set upon a mission to slowly but surely try all of the amazing steakhouses this town has to offer. My next box to check off was the absurdly spelled, but well reviewed, N9NE Steakhouse at the Palms. If you don't enjoy reading, I'll give you the conclusion off the bat. This place is pretty bomb! It's definitely worth checking out. However, as is the case with a lot of good steakhouses, it isn't cheap. But it's well worth it. I started with the Fried Chicken Won Tons. They are pretty awesome. You get like 6 or 7 crispy Won Tons on a long plate over a little bit of blue cheese with a nice hot sauce on the side for dipping. It was a great starter. They also have like 3 kinds of bread, I tried the pretzel bread which was great, I also sampled a delicious soft foccacia bread. Then I ordered the massive, aged Bone-In Ribeye. It was cooked perfectly and was nice and juicy. For sides, I opted for the Mac and Cheese and the Gnocchi. My god, these sides did their absolute best to outshine that magnificent cut of meat. The Mac and Cheese was so rich and creamy. The cheese was a perfect blend of creamy, cheesy, richness. A nice complement to the rest of the meal. But honestly, as unexpected as it was, the Gnocchi stole the show. It is a potato gnocchi in the most incredible truffle cream sauce. Each tiny bite just melts in your mouth. Just thinking about it as I write this review a day later almost brings tears to my eyes. I have some left over in the fridge and I think I'm about to reheat it when I'm done here. It's side dishes like this that could make N9NE appeal to everyone, even those kooky vegetarians I've been reading about on the internet. Not sure if there are any Vegan dishes, but this place is friendly enough that they probably can accommodate.I saw the dessert menu and there seemed to be some amazing options. But I couldn't fit another bite of anything in my already stuffed, yet thoroughly satisfied stomach. This is a mission for next time.So you know the food was outrageous, but how was the service at a place that seems like it could easily be a typical pretentious Vegas establishment, with a nice decor and celebrities coming in daily? It was actually phenomenal. The bartenders are super personable and talented. I'm bad with names but I believe it was Anna and Kerry. The manager Christian was also very friendly and accommodating. In closing, this place checks off every aspect that I feel makes a great restaurant. If it was a little cheaper, I'd probably eat here every day. That's probably for the best though. I can't wait for my next visit, there's much more on the menu that I have to try. And obviously the Gnocchi Round 2.
5	To me this is steak paradise!The hubby and I make it a must everytime we go to Las Vegas, the vibe is very nice with a modern twist, and nice music... as an gets you ready for the party, but not too loud at the same time.The food ... haaaaa the steaks are amazing and so are the lobster tails!I tried the surf and turf on one occasion which was decadent, and the bone in filet on the most recent visit: THE BONE IN FILET IS TO DIE FOR! a 16oz. piece of heaven, a true foodgasm!The sides are to be shared, and we love their lemon butter asparagus and the "party in your mouth" lobster mashed potatoes... so decadent and with huge chunks of lobster. Dessert: we tried the mini doughnuts with 4 diferent dipping sauces: Dark, Milk and White chocolate... and if you are good they also give you the caramel penut butter crunch sauce! YUM AND YUM!Do make a reservation, highly suggested!
5	One word...WOW!  I have had my fair share of steak houses from Del Monicos, Flemings, Del Frisco's, Donovan's, Etc. and I must say this was one of the best meals I have ever had!  Sangria, Gnocchi w/ truffle cream, sauteed mushrooms and onions, lobster pot stickers, surf and turf, the garbage salad...all of it was top notch.  All the staff are first class, bartenders, servers, hostesses, etc...everyone  and everything was absolutely wonderful and i will be back!!!!
5	The burger was fantastic! The drinks are awesome too! They have a good array of steaks, all very well cooked and seasoned. A must, especially if you are already staying at the Palms.
5	OH. MY. GOD. This is truly good food. After reading the reviews on Yelp, we chose this restaurant to dine at during our vacation in Las Vegas. I was extremely impressed when we arrived, as the restaurant itself was beautiful and trendy, but I was a little put off by the loud clubby music inside. We took a seat at the bar to wait for our table and ordered some delicious drinks, I cant remember what mine was called as our server recommended it, but it had fresh raspberries and was to die for. Once we were seated, our waiter welcomed us with his fun, friendly, and unique personality. He was fabulous, I wish I could recall his name. I ordered the plate of oysters which were absolutely fantastic, some of the best oysters we've ever had! I knew of course I was going to order a steak for dinner, and we both opted for the Filet Mignon. In addition, we ordered the Lobster Mashed Potatoes and the Sauteed Mushrooms & Onions. WOW. All I can say is we were absolutely floored at the decadence of our meal. The steak was like butter, you didn't even need a knife to cut through it. It was perfectly cooked and seasoned, and melted in your mouth. The potatoes had HUGE chunks of lobster and were so creamy and delicious. Of course, the mushrooms and onions complimented the steak SO perfectly. As I previously mentioned, the loud music made it difficult to have a normal conversation, so I could have done without it. But we were so busy filling our faces with the amazing food to care! I wish we would have ordered dessert, but I was so full that I couldn't eat another bite. For the rest of our trip, all we could talk about was the food at N9NE and wished we could go back and eat that steak again. I will DEFINITELY return here next time I'm in Vegas, I cant wait to try more of what they have to offer. Be prepared to spend good money to dine here, but it's worth it. If I could give 6 stars, I would!
5	One of my true first steak house experiences, so again, this review is a little on the late side.  My experience was about 6 years ago.  Being so long since I last been, I will get to the point.  At the time, the theme of the restaurant was very modern and hip.  Ordered the rib-eye, medium rare, and it was good.  The flavoring was where it needed to be and the size was just perfect.  Not only was this my first steak house experience, but my first pure black coffee experience.  What I mean by pure black, I mean nothing added.  The taste of that coffee, was nothing like I've ever had.  By all means I'm not a big coffee guy, and just a couple of sips of coffee has me wide awake.  But this one, I finished and always tell my friends and remember.
2	After further thought I wanted to change my rating from 3 to 2.  The only reason to go to the place is if you are staying in the Palms or if you want excellent service from Ray Dossantos.  Otherwise, there are much better places to get a steak in LV.
5	I had dinner at N9NE Steakhouse while staying at the Palms this past April. The food and service were excellent. The cocktails were strong and clearly mixed with skill and care. The lobster-roll appetizer was filling and delicious, the aged ribeye was cooked exactly as ordered and was tender and flavorful, the sides were good also. The red-velvet cupcake dessert is a treat in and off itself. My server (Nate) was the absolute bomb: friendly, efficient, and professional. I also asked for a comp to Ghostbar and got it straight away. The decor is classy, uber-modern, and tasteful. This restaurant offers outstanding food and service to a younger but still very grown-up clientele. A very memorable dining experience.
5	The restaurant is high-end, swanky, and upscale.  The steaks are high priced, but very good.  There is a fine line between overpriced and worth-it when it comes to a meal.  N9NE was most definitely worth it!Like any high-end steak house, the steaks are served a-la-carte and all sides are served separate.  My husband and I opted for the filet mignon and a side of match stick fries and creamed spinach.  We started with stuffed mushrooms, which were delicious.  The chef sent out two lamb dumpling appetizers, compliments of the chef, which were quite good (according to my husband).Everything was amazing!!  The steak was cooked perfectly, the sides were fantastic and the service was top notch.  No details were overlooked.Wine selection was great!  To our surprise, we were upgraded to a higher end wine of the varietal that we ordered.  What a nice surprise.We were comp'd entry to the Ghost Bar upstairs, which we kindly accepted.Great service, fantastic food, nice wine selection.  Plan to spend a pretty penny but it's worth it!
1	Here's what really made me mad about this restaurant.  It wasn't the extreme price for the less than average steak.  I am mad because we were staying at Aria and left our home base with several great restaurants for this crap.  To make matters worse we had a reservation for the same night at Maestros which I canceled because I had this place on my radar for years and wanted to give them a shot.  The service was adequate and that is the only reason they get a star at all.  The rib eye at Longhorn is heads and shoulders better than the one I had at N9ne.  It was prepared correctly but at this price point it should be beyond memorable it should be a special meal and it wasn't close.  I do not like the decor either but I could get over that its not that big of a deal.  We did not stick around for desert which is very telling because we like to split a desert to finish off our special meals.  Do us both a favor and avoid this place.
5	I loved absolutely everything I put in my mouth here. Absolutely everything.Is this the typical place I would enter or dare to think to go? No, far from it. It is too upscale, too fancy, too pretentious, too everything for me but I had one of the best nights in my life at this place.First let me start of by saying, they have Tito vodka here. This is some of the best vodka (although not pricey and has won several awards) available. I loved that we were able to sit in the bar lounge area and have a few drinks before we sat down at our dinner table. Dinner started out with appetizers:N9NE Rock Shrimp: Small, bite size, sweet with the perfect breading, crunchy and a mouth full of sunshine.Calamari: Fried perfectly, seasoned well and a perfect "spicy" dipping sauce. I quote spicy because I didn't find it spicy at all.Duck Pastrami: Too die for. I couldn't stop eating this. The duck was not gamey at all. It was not intense with "pastrami" flavor but it melted in my mouth.Lobster Pot stickers: A warm sweet pocket of food.We all ordered steaks and I went with the Rib-eye. Tender, meaty, seasoned perfectly and cooked perfectly. I was also able to taste the fillet Mignon and although I am not a huge fan of this cut of me, I was surprised at how much I liked it. We had endless sides as well:Gnocchi, mac and cheese, asparagus, hot potatoes, and creamed spinach. The gnocchi was my favorite and the mac and cheese was superb. The asparagus didn't leave me in the dark either.The icing on the cake after such a wonderful meal was the smores dessert. I could cook my own marshmallow to my liking (burnt) and enjoy it over chocolate and graham crackers. I felt like a sophisticated girl scout. I was lucky enough to have such a great dinner and a great experience. We were greeted many times by the Executive Chef. There is nothing more enjoyable than being able to chat with person in charge of the kitchen. Service was impeccable, I was never without anything.Let me not forget, the red wine we had. George. Too die for. A red wine must.
5	Class Class Class.  Bachlorette dinner.  Chef sent both a complimentary app and dessert.  We orders bottles of wine, additional apps, countless sides, and STEAKS.  My rib eyes was cooked to perfection and melted in my mouth.  Venue decor beautiful, modern, sleek, and chic.  Staff were professional and helpful.  Memorable fine dining experience.
5	While many LV restaurants have come and gone. N9NE has remained, it was time I saw what the fuss is about. The husband and I met a friend for dinner. We splurged a bit and had ourselves a feast. Service is pretty relaxed, staff is not what you'd expect from a fine dining establishment, but they were attentive and apologetic when our server spilled water all over the table. Our feast began with carpaccio, lobster pot stickers and avocado fries. The carpaccio was luscious and unique because it was served with a quail egg in a steak tartare nest. It was delicious. The lobster pot stickers were pillows filled with yummy Asian flavors and lobster, of course. Tasty bites for sure. The avocado fries were crisp, but not greasy. They were served with a cool chipotle lime dipping sauce. Decadent and savory. Moving on the entrees, we ordered the Colorado Lamb, 22 oz Porterhouse and the 16 oz bone in filet. We shared sides of asparagus, potato gnocchi and hot potatoes. The sides were all delicious. I often find asparagus is cooked to mush, but these stalks had bite and were cooked to perfection. The gnocchi was bathed in a truffle cream sauce. There were no complaints there, but it was the hot potatoes that were sinful. Au gratin swimming in aged cheddar and jalapenos. I'd return for these potatoes alone. The steaks were beautifully prepared, tender and scrumptious, but it was the lamb chops that were stellar. We've had delectable lamb chops elsewhere... Circo, Delmonico, and Aureole come to mind, but these were fantastic. Tender, juicy and presented with a beautiful crust made from parmesan and pine nuts. Mild flavors to enhance the lamb rather than mask it. Sink your teeth into these. You won't regret it. I couldn't possibly indulge in another bite so I skipped dessert, but the guys each had a red velvet cupcake. The cake was moist and the cream cheese frosting was not too sweet. A perfect end to an exceptional meal. It was easy to see what N9NE has been doing right all these years. Solid eats. Hip environment. No complaints.
4	The star had to have been the lobster mashed potatoes, I believe there was some kind of lobster bisque sauce and toped with giant pieces of lobster meat.I also had the 8oz filet, definitely one of the best  I've ever eaten, cooked at a perfect medium and melt in your mouth tender.
3	I like the food and the service is always good, but the lighting and the ambiance kinda turn me off.  It can also be exceptionally loud.  It's a good place to enjoy a good steak if you're seeing a show at the Palms but, for me, I prefer a quieter spot for this type of dining.
5	I make it a point to eat at the N9NE every trip and love setting at the bar i cunverse with John,Ana and Jesse they make me feel at home, I critique fine dining on facebook and just love the porterhouse and lobster mashed potatoes they are delicious to die for. Can't wait for my next trip.
5	What is in their meat?! I'm just completely stumped at how anyone can make such heavenly surf and turf. The surf and turf is a Maine lobster and 8oz filet mignon sauteed in red wine and a white truffle aioli dish. And it's just the perfect combination! My lobster was just absolutely succulent, sweet, and most importantly fresh! It's quite possibly one of the best surf and turfs I've ever had. Nothing can compare to the filet mignon either. I'm always skeptical of ordering filet mignon as it can lack flavor. Which is why I'm so amazed at how much flavor my filet mignon retained! My boyfriend ordered the 40oz ribeye (for two). It is quite possibly the most flavorful and tender ribeye I have ever eaten. Yes, ever! And according to their menu, it is one of the two options under "Best of N9NE". I can definitely say with confidence that ordering any type of meat here will be delicious, tender, and flavorful.Also, please make it a priority to order medium rare. If you don't like your meats that rare, well, you can't really enjoy a good steak then. Shut up and just eat the steak!I did have an issue with what came afterwards. I understand that salt is a key ingredient in making any steak shine like gold, but they might have over seasoned my steak with the salt. I was dying of thirst afterwards. I downed over a liter of water an hour later.Oh, but I can just gush about this place like my lover! But I'll leave it at that. This is place is a must if you're in Vegas and ready to spend big bucks! And I mean big because a meal for 7 people can run upward to $1000 with alcohol and appetizers included.
4	Came here with a bachelor party I organized. If you're looking for a quiet, fine dining experience, this is NOT the place. Like the rest of the Palms, it's geared towards the younger affluent crowd - almost like ultralounge meets steakhouse. The food was great, but expect to pay a premium. Not much else to say. Enjoy!
5	Dinner started off rocky-- we were 20 minutes late for the reservation, but they still gave us a table when we arrived :) Service was a little slow at first but was top notch once Marco decided to take care of us.We started with the avocado fries and also complementary salmon croquettes and champaign while we waited for our cocktails/ wine. I got the lamb (it doesn't come with any garnish) and my friends got the fillet mingon (also no garnish), scallops w/risotto and the salmon with roasted veggies. The food was excellent and cooked to perfection, but I was a little disappointed that my lamb was alone on the plate. We came here for a birthday dinner and left with a once-in-a-lifetime experience, which led to an unforgettable Friday night! Marco is the best! I am not getting paid/ perks for this review.
3	I gotta say, I wasn't overly impressed with N9NE. Went for our anniversary dinner on a Thursday night. It was pretty slow when we arrived and it was just the two of us. Now with so many open seats I was expecting we would get a nice area to sit. Nope! We were put all the way in the back next to a guy eating by himself. Yup, that's how I envisioned my anniversary dinner. Sitting next to the one guy in the restaurant eating by himself where its quiet and he can here everything we talk about. We had a good idea of what we wanted before we got there based on Yelp pictures and reviews as well as checking out the menu on their site. I should have known not to trust the menu pricing I saw from a pic somebody had taken as the dish we were interested in was about $40 more than what I was expecting. Not their fault, mine for assuming.We scratched that idea and decided to split a steak and some sides and leave room for dessert. Ordered a 22 oz steak with mac and cheese and gnocchi as sides. I'm not the biggest steak fan so I judged that based on Kacey and she liked it. I thought it was pretty good. The mac and cheese was tasty but tiny! The gnocchi was very good and a little pricey for the size. For dessert we went with the s'mores. This was the highlight for me as it is a cool display and fun to make. They were some of the best s'mores I've had.I had never been before but heard some good things. I was a bit disappointed in the atmosphere and it felt a bit cheesy and outdated to me. Maybe when this place is busy it's better. The server was decent, a bit chatty and somewhat unprofessional for a nice steakhouse but friendly and made some good recommendations. Doubt I will ever head back unless somebody else is buying haha
4	N9NE was a real treat. The meals were exceptional in taste and presentation. Went with a party of 5, where 3 of us got the prix fixe meal for $65 which including unlimited wine(chard and/or cab) and it was outstanding, Chef's app were salmon croquettes and were mouthwatering delicious. The first course was french onion soup with their signature garbage salad which were exactly the right portion size and a great start. Followed by about a 3 ounce app choice of salmon or halibut, got the halibut and it was buttery soft and grilled to perfection. A 10 ounce ribeye was the main entree and again, grilled to  perfection and tasty throughout. Sides of green beans and mashed with a gruyere bubbly crust were tantalizingly good. Our other members got the 40 ounce ribeye to split and it was EXCEPTIONAL. They also got the lobster mac and cheese and lobster pot stickers. We ended up with a choice of choco banana cream pie or strawberry shortcake for the ending of the prix fix which were both delicious. But the s'mores we ordered were the star dessert... yummy and fun!I would have given it a 5 except for the service. It was good, but not the caliber of the of an exceptional steakhouse. The server indicated when we first ordered that the chef  preferred to have everyone in the party order the prix fix and she would have to check to see if he would allow us to order it and order off the menu as well. The last thing I want when the bill ends up being $600 is the chef telling us what we can and cannot order. Not enough check-ins from the wait staff and as they were clearing our table, they were adding another table to ours and setting it for the incoming party, which was uncomfortable as we were still drinking out coffee.
4	Reading all the previous reviews noting the douchebag-Affliction-wearing customers dining at this restaurant, I was a little bit apprehensive. It really isn't my crowd, but we were staying at the hotel and my guy wanted steak, so we went ahead and made reservations. Boy, was I pleasantly surprised! From beginning to end, this was a completely wonderful experience, and everything was, while not mind-blowing, but very solid and well done.Atmosphere:I can see how this place could get a little loud. We arrived early because we had a show to catch, so it wasn't bad and we didn't have to shout to speak to each other. I liked that this was a nice place, but pretty casual and not at all stuffy. It was also a nice mix of clientele, couples, older business-types, bachelor/ette parties, and everyone in between.Drinks:We started off with gin martinis, and they actually had blue cheese stuffed olives (noone ever has those. haha) so that was awesome. I didn't see that they had a crazy wine selection, but they do have decent choices from what they do carry. I had a fantastic Malbec that was exactly what I was in the mood for. Apps: Their bread basket is nice, with really delicious, rich, almost cheesy tasting butter. They also gave us a complimentary amuse of the most adorable sliders. It was kind of like pot roast on the inside, super tender. The carpaccio was great. Nothing super creative, but very well done. The lobster potstickers, while  highly recommended by the staff, were fine but not mind-blowing. I'll chalk it up to me growing up eating amazing potstickers from my mom, so potstickers don't impress me that easily. The bokchoy that the potstickers were cooked on were actually more interesting than the potstickers themselves.Entrees: Surf-n-Turf filet was cooked perfectly rare and well seasoned. Great texture and came with a generous lobster claw on top. My boyfriend loved it. I ordered the lamb chops. Again, perfectly medium rare, and well seasoned. While not gamey, they do taste like lamb, while I love, but not everyone might feel the same. We didn't order the sides, because while we were super intrigued by them, we knew we would have no room for them. We still had leftovers without the side dishes.Service: The servers and bussers were really gracious, friendly, and helpful. They actually forgot to bring my wine at first, so they comped it. I also saw that the bachelor party sitting across from us were getting complimentary shots from their server. I believe that they have the attitude of generosity here, which I appreciate.N9NE was a lot of fun and we had a great time. If we were staying at Palms again, we wouldn't hesitate to come back!
2	I am only giving this a 2 star nad maybe that isn't fair to the Chef as the bone-in filet was beyond perfection!  The asparagus and creamed corn were random, but the biggest negative was the service.  I have no problem paying top $$$, but I expect great service and this fell way way short.  Suffering poor service will hut this place in the long run, which is unfortunate.
2	We are from New York and have gone to REAL steakhouses, this one is definitely not one of them. The customer service is great, they called me to confirm the reservation, greeted us very professionally. But to me a steakhouse is about getting a good steak; we ordered several porterhouse steaks which is about $70 each, what we got were very thin steaks, the type you would normally buy in a supermarket and grill yourself. The atmosphere is nice, but the quality of food is below par.
4	seated right away in a busy Friday night.Decided to go with their 8oz filet mignon. It was wonderful. good portion size. The sides were not that memorable.good service. Our crew had received free shot from the kitchen.
5	Our group of 10 ate at N9NE last weekend while visiting Vegas to celebrate hubby's 40th birthday.  I made reservations 6 months ago and I was looking forward to eating here for a very long time.  We were not disappointed.  This is truly an outstanding and beautiful restaurant and I would highly recommend it.  We started off with cocktails and between all of us, we tried most of the signature cocktails.  I had the sangria, which was very potent, and the ciroctail, which was very tasty.  Once we moved to our table, the service continued to be excellent and very attentive.  We had 4 appetizers- lobster potstickers, avocado fries, oysters rockerfeller and calamari.  All were great, but most of us especially enjoyed the avocado fries and the potstickers.  The gratis hummus and chips were not really memorable, but everyone really liked the bread, which I did not have.Hubby had a caesar salad and someone else had the wedge salad, which they liked.  Entrees included the sea scallops, surf and turf, organic fire roasted chicken, bone-in ribeye and the filet.  Everyone raved about their food. Sides included the green beans, creamed spinach, lobster mashed potatoes, mac and cheese and hot potatoes.  Again, everything was excellent, especially the lobster mashed potatoes.So after 25 cocktails, 4 apps, 10 entrees and 5 sides, we were given gratis carrot cake mini cupcakes, which were the perfect end to the meal.  All together, it was $1100 well spent because how often in life do you eat that well and receive such amazing service?  The manager also gave us free passes to Ghostbar and Moon, so we ended up hanging out after dinner and everyone had a great time.  I would highly recommend this restaurant as it was one of the highlights of our trip.
4	This is a good steakhouse where I've had a lot of fond memories dining, and never had a bad night and in fact I think every evening that started out at N9NE at The Palms went from good and ended up great by the time the sun rised and the night was over.The steak was so good, it converted a girl I was with from a decade long non-red meat eater into a carnivore who never looked back after taking her first bite of their steak...
5	this is absolutely, hands down the best restaurant in all of las vegas. i have been here twice, and both times were out of this world. the steaks are perfect, the sides were incredible, and they made the best french onion soup of my life. seriously cannot say enough amazing things about n9ne - you won't be disappointed! pricey, but you get what you pay for.
5	Great steak. Great service. Cool venue. Although it's died down a bit, this place is still always on my radar for good food.
5	rediculously good.  bone in rib eye was unreal as well as the mac n chz and mashed!
5	We had a great experience at N9NE.  Our server, Eric, was courteous, knowledgeable, and had a great personality and sense of humor.  Their steaks, dry-aged 14 days then cryo-vac'd, are as delicious, well-marbled, and flavorful as any I've had.  I recommend the 22 oz. bone-in ribeye for flavor, although my wife had the surf-and-turf and that was delicious as well.  The Paloma (with Ketel One) is a great drink, poured tableside.  The ambiance is clubby and could have gained from a more crowded night, but we came on a Monday, and to enjoy food, so it was perfect for us.  We had a great time!!!  Thank you Eric!
5	I'm not sure how I haven't reviewed N9NE yet.  This is inexcusable.  I thought I had.I've only eaten here once earlier this year.  However, this was the greatest meal of my life.  And folks, I'm 29, I've got a food blog, and I've had a lot of time to think about it.  I'd give it six---nay. SEVEN stars if I could.  One may say that it may have been the company of folks I had at the table may have added unfairly to the experience (We went to N9NE as one of the stops during my epic Vegas bachelor party experience in March 2012).  Or, admittedly, I wasn't expecting N9NE to be as awesome as it was.  But I don't think so on any of these accounts...  The food was just incredible.  And Chef Barry was awesome.  More on that later.We started off at the bar, where we had a couple of drinks and waited for our table.  the place was PACKED and it was clear that it wouldn't e easy to get a table...  However, we had a reservation.  As we were seated, the folks in my party immediately made a few observations of the folks sitting around us.  We had a number of famous folks sitting around us...  for some reason on that evening, they were mostly sports players--everything from UFC fighters to retired hockey players.While all this is nice, on to the food.  We had a bunch of appetizers and the house bread (I remember specifically the pretzel-roll style house bread and the thinly-sliced Sashimi appetizer.  Both were excellent.  I was advised by one of my hosts that the Lobster Bisque soup was to die for.  However, I don't particularly care for lobster.  I decided to go (against his advice) for the Onion soup.Perhaps as foreshadowing of the awesome within, the soup was presented to me in a beautiful All-Clad pan.  Classy.  Everyone else started on their Lobster Bisque, and I dug in on my solo onion soup.Two words - Holy crap.  It was the best soup I had in my life.  I warn you--you'll never like any other kind of onion soup ever again.  Perhaps you shouldn't get it...  It will spoil you for anything else.  Don't say I didn't warn you.I ultimately did try the Lobster Bisque.  It was damn good, also.  And I'll re-iterate--I don't really care for lobster.  But it was still damn good.  I let my host that was raving about the lobster bisque try the onion soup.  He (who doesn't normally care for onion soup) actually changed his mind and said that he liked the onion soup a bit better.On to the main course.  I ordered the 8 ounce filet.  It was of the top 5 steaks I've ever had.  Be sure to get a nice steak sauce to go with it...  I think I either had the peppercorn or the horseradish.  But yes, the steak was cooked perfectly and outstanding.Finally, on to dessert!  We had two dessert dishes that we sampled--the S'mores and the Donuts.  They were both awesome...  I especially loved the presentation of the S'mores.  In a nutshell, dessert was just as impressive as the courses that came before it.After the meal, I only had one request.  I wanted to meet the chef.  Luckily, my host happened to know Chef Barry and was able to pull him away for a couple of minutes.  As icing on the cake, let me tell you--Chef Barry's one in a million.  He's one of the nicest guys you'll ever meet.  I had an opportunity to take my picture with him and his famous "door."  (If you have the means--it's an awesome photo opp...)  I wish I had thought to ask Chef Barry for his autograph.In short, this is the kind of restaurant which I'd consider taking a vacation contingent upon eating here again.  Sure, it's quite expensive, but it is OUT of this WORLD.  You'll get your money's worth...  And you were probably going to go blow all that cash in a slot machine anyway.  Skip it and savor the flavors of N9NE.  Shame on you if you go to Vegas and don't eat there.  Make your reservations as far in advance as possible.
5	I dropped by N9NE on a friday for the early bird prix fixe menu. What a deal!For $70, you get to try a great soup, salad, appetizer, dessert as well as both a portion of prime steak and fresh fish. In addition, you receive unlimited wine pairings. This place can get expensive a la carte, so I definitely would recommend going early for the prix fixe. I'm not a fan of the Palms casino, but this steakhouse is worthwhile if you're in the vicinity.
4	A diamond in the rough.  This steakhouse was recommended by our concierge at the Venetian.  It is located in The Palms hotel and casino which is pretty run down.  But the food was excellent.They have great upbeat dinner background music.  The staff was very friendly and the steaks were perfectly cooked.  I had the sashimi appetizer and it was fresh and delicious.  For dinner I had the surf and turf which is an 8 oz filet, 1/2 a lobster tail and one claw.  I ordered it rare and it was cooked to perfection.  We skipped dessert as the food portions were plenty.  The sides were ok, nothing special there.I would recommend this place but you need to get over the 2 star hotel that its housed in. Worth the trip.
3	Took the wife to n9ne for a birthday dinner. Pretty nice atmosphere. Service was good except for our actual server who barely came to check on us after we ordered. Everyone else was very good. Wife loved the lamb chops. I had a Cajun rib eye. Pretty good but not the end of the world, which considering the price of things is not what I expected. I've had much better steaks at a much lower price. Overall I enjoyed it but way too expensive for what it is. I don't want to say we'll never go back but it won't be anytime soon.
3	It's been years, it may be years more before I go back.We went with a group of friends for the holidays we decided on a Pre- Fix for a group of people is easiest.  1.  Chefs treat it was a shot of potato and leak soup.  Nummy but not to warm.2.  Onion Soup and Garbage Salad the soup had tons of onions in it a layer of bread on top covered in cheese really wanted to eat the whole thing but knew there was much more to come.  The Salad veggies fresh with a nice vinaigrette two chunks of blue cheese salami.3.  I went with the Atlantic Salmon was told "it is done medium is that ok?" yes of course.  Grilled artichokes, baby heirloom carrots, Texas sweet onions, romesco sauce.  The Salmon was done nicely I feel like they may do it medium so it is not over cooked by accident. 4.  The next choice Prime Ribeye Steak medium rare the steak temperature was done to perfection.  Succulent meat seasoned nicely they do give you sauces for dipping your meat but I feel if it is done as a restaurant should do it I should not have to cover the flavors with sauces.5.  I chose the Chocolate Banana Cream Pie, a huge portion I was a bit taken back by the size after this much food I was hoping for more of a tasting.  However the flavors were amazing the banana was not over powering you could taste the blend of the chocolate, banana, the crust and the whipped topping with chocolate and the half banana flambeed.The service and knowledge of the meal by the servers was top notch.  The "Bottomless WIne" was slow I sat empty for quite sometime when they did come to fill we were almost done and I was to full to enjoy.  The busser also kept trying to take my plate away I felt like he was rushing me and it made me a bit perturbed.  One star off for these two things.The next star taken off was the crazy party people up in the bar area.  It was 7:30 PM this is a nice restaurant not a lounge the food prices reflect the fact it is a fairly nice restaurant in this town.  (the pre fixed is actually a deal for what you get)  We came in sat at the bar to have a glass of wine and wait for the rest of our party there is a group of people at the near end to us Whoo Hooing and screaming like they were at the newest concert in town doing shots getting louder and louder.  When we moved to our table we continued to hear them.  I am all for a good time but this is not a nightclub nor is it a lounge and there needs to be some separation for the dinners that are paying for a fabulous meal.  The music was also so loud that I could only hear the person next to me not my boyfriend across from me and of you were 2 seats down forget it!  Again are you a lounge/nightclub or a restaurant?  They need to decide what they want to be because you cannot serve this good of food and ruin in with crazy whoo whoos and shot chants.  I would come back for the food but I would have to be drunk to enjoy the atmosphere and if I'm drunk I will probably opt for somewhere else because I certainly don't care a whole lot about my food at that point! ;)
5	5-Star rating was from a wonderful experience that I had here in 2007 but currently it may be out of my price range.
5	Ate here over the thanksgiving holiday for my birthday. So glad I did! Was a little nervous that this place is in The Palms off the strip. Granted the Palms is kinda hood but N9NE is great! Upon entering you will notice the hostesses are rocking that trashy chic look (it works). They show you to your table and pull the table out so you and your guest can sit. The place has concrete floors and walls with a little bit of disco ball tile on them, kinda feels like your eating in a restroom or a modern vegas style lounge. Music was great, if you dont like electronic music while eating look elsewhere. I love it!!I had the 8oz FILET MIGNON which was off the hook!! With a side of potatoes and spinach. Loved it!! The menu is typical steakhouse food with an upscale twist, all a la carte.However I do agree with other reviewers that this place needs to be taken out of The Palms and either be on its own or in a better casino. When there is a Micky D's and a movie theater in the house you know it's hood!
4	The lobster mashed potatoes were ORGASMIC! We shared that ginormous 20 oz bone in Ribeye and it was fantastic, the very essence of a true dry aged steak. I also enjoyed my 2010 Graff Riesling.My only disappointment was our server Lisa. She never really bothered to check on us. We had to flag sevdral other staff menbers down for refills, accompaniments, etc. Her only attempt to engage with us was after our check was delivered, and even then it was only to inquire as to whether I enjoyed my Riesling, only it was WAY beyond too late because we had already finished our drinks and entree's. Unacceptable. She was a complete disappointment and downer to to what should have easily been a 5 star experience. I'll give her somewhat of a pass, as given her lathargic attitude and lack of enthusiasm, she was probably still hung over for New Year's Eve the night before...or should I say earlier in the wee hours of that same morning?Wish we had that talk glass of water serving the table of six across from our booth. He was fantastic and clearly has customer service down packed!
4	Came here for their prix fixe menu which comes with bottomless glass wine pairings and according to our waitress, bottomless essentially means drink until your heart's content, but don't get annihilated. I didn't drink and so I didn't get the most out of it, but my two dinner mates did. They drank and I ate. It was all very exciting. Here's what I had on their menu: Onion Soup and Garbage Salad - The onion soup was on the saltier end and I would have preferred with less sodium. The garbage salad was a nice pairing to the soup. They really should name that salad better though. It was light and surprisingly contained shrimp. Score!Atlantic Salmon - This was delicious. Seared perfectly and salted evenly. Outside had a crunchy texture. Enjoyed thoroughly. Tasted a bit of their striped seabass and it wasn't as tasty. I recommend the salmon. Prime Ribeye steak - Hello yumminess. Ordered medium rare and was not disappointed. My bf, however, said it was too salty for him and didn't finish over half the steak. Chocolate Banana Creme Pie - this was amazing. I really loved the softness of the creme and how well it meshed with everything. Strawberry Shortcake - not my favorite dessert in general so I can't be unbiased on this. Our waitress was friendly and very entertaining. I personally loved her. She made our night more eventful in terms of her wittiness. She brought out a specialty shooter and the guys loved it. All in all, for the price and if you drink, you should definitely drop by here and get your money's worth. Warning though: Wine hits you faster so be aware.
4	The steak here is delicious! I highly recommend ordering the 40oz rib eye for 2. My husband and I ordered it medium rare and it came out perfectly. It was also a huge portion and the meat was juicy, tender, and seasoned well. It also came with a side of lobster mac n' cheese.
4	After Palms Place compensated us for an issue with our room, my friends and I decided to splurge on a nice dinner for NYE.N9NE Steakhouse is located at the Palms Hotel on the first floor next to the registration desk. Walking in, I instantly got an "underground" vibe from this restaurant. You know, a secluded, upscale establishment where businessmen, mobsters, and the like gather. I would feel out of place wearing anything less than business casual.The mood was festive. There was a DJ spinning and music could be heard (and felt) coming from next door. It was fairly loud, but not to the point of making conversation difficult. However, there was one thing that I didn't quite understand. Given the upscale nature of this restaurant, the TV's showing college football didn't really fit in. But then again, most upscale restaurants don't have a DJ either.As for the food...The French Onion Soup. Best I've ever had, hands down. Lots of delicious, melted cheese, caramelized onions, tasty bread, and broth. No cheap ingredients here. The serving was generous, so I split it with Dawn M.Organic Fire Chicken. Cooked to perfection. Juicy, tender meat served in a spicy-ish glaze and topped with an assortment of jalapenos. The meat was tender and arrived at the ideal temperature.Asparagus. Since most of the entrees are a la carte, I needed a side for my chicken. I went with the asparagus. Nothing extraordinary here- maybe a little mushy, if anything.Salmon. I don't eat seafood (lame, I know). Dawn M. and another one of our friends claimed that it was the "best they've ever had". Strong words!Overall, we had a wonderful meal. The service was professional and not overbearing. While the food was delicious, I still think it was a little overpriced (perhaps due to NYE). Without even ordering steak or wine, our bill totaled over $300 (5 people). I'm also not a fan of charging $30 for chicken and not including any sides. Anyway, cost complaints aside, I enjoyed my experience at N9NE and would consider returning for another special occasion.
5	I guess this is what they mean when they say 'diamond in the rough'Who would have thought that the Palms would have one of the best steakhouses in town. Tucked way in the back corner, N9NE is a trendy chic spot that alot of people I bet over look. The place doesn't look anything like a traditional steak house, instead its dark, accented by stainless steel to give a sleek modern feel to it. They have a DJ on occasion and the restaurant really exudes a hip chic feel that most other steakhouses are devoid of. I've been to N9NE a couple times over the years and never have I been disappointed. I stand by the place when I can say it has the best filet in town. It is always grilled to exact specifications. If you ask for medium rare, you get medium rare, which unfortunately isn't something I can say about many of the other places in town. The Bearnaise that accompanied it is outstanding as well.  Also worth checking out is the fire chicken. It succulent, juicy and cooked to perfection. The spicy glaze and jalapenos really add a great kick to it as well. Finish it off with a slice of NY cheesecake or the banana cream pie.
4	I have to admit that the Palms was pretty much a no-man's land when we walked through to N9NE.Granted, it was a Monday night, but we'd come from a conference at Caesar's - which was packed - and were staying at the Bellagio - also packed - so it was weird to walk in to an empty casino at the Palms. Even with a Bausch & Lomb conference being held there.The food was great. The music was great. The hostess (or whatever she would be called) who kept running between the two largest tables and flirting with the old men was a little creeptacular.Started with some sort of salmon cake, compliments of the chef, which I could have eaten for my main course. Then on to the wedge salad, which had bacon, and anything with bacon is okay in my book. Had the 8 ounce filet mignon, medium rare... was cooked more medium than I'd hoped for, but was peppery and delicious nonetheless. Sides were asparagus which was extremely large and extremely sweet (that's what she said) and the crispy steak fries (which I had to physically restrain myself from scarfing the whole bowl of them). Low lighting, so if you have bad vision, like myself, make sure you have a flashlight phone app or you'll never be able to order.
5	I came here with several folks and we got cocktails, shots, steaks of all sorts, and some sides.The steak is legiiiiiiiiiiiiiit!!!! I shared the NY 16oz with the booface and I don't know if we were starving or if the steak was just THAT amazing but we couldn't stop salivating even at the last bite of medium rare heaven. I tried some of the other people's filets which which also mouth watering.The sides (creamed spinach, potatos, asparagus, mac n'cheese) were also good though the meat was definitely the star of the show.Other mentionables: friendly service with a waitress with nice arms and strong cocktails. The price is hefty but you kinda realize that going to a place like this in Vegas.
4	So we came here on a Saturday night and it was pretty packed but we had reservations for 9:45pm. This was pretty much the only time they had available so I figured it was bound to be busy.We showed up a little early and were told to wait by the bar but our table wasn't ready until almost 10. By this time, I was starving and irritated by the ridiculously loud music and kept looking at my watch wondering why it was taking so long. When we were finally seated, our hostess was apologetic and our server was very nice. I just couldn't get over the annoying music and the rather tacky looking purple lighting. I thought this was going to be a classy steakhouse but instead it seemed to be more like a club that just happened to also be a restaurant. I mean maybe it was because I was so hungry and both me and my boyfriend had been awake for over 17 hours so we were pretty worn out. I was cranky and just not in the mood for this place and we almost ended up walking out because our table seemed to be taking so long. Overall though, I had a pretty great experience at this place once we were finally seated and I was able to eat some food. The pretzel bread they gave us was aaaawesome. Warm and soft, served with a very horseradishy mustard. Pretty good start! We got a couple drinks and ordered the avocado fires and beef tartare. Both were absolutely delicious but the tartare was by far my favorite. It came with a big heap of arugula with shaved parmesan and there was just sooo much yummy raw beef on the plate that it could have been a meal in itself. The avocado fries were very unique but I'm not sure if I would order them again. Pretty simple and tasty, but alas forgettable.  The BEST part that I keep thinking about were these little chicken empanadas that a server brought us. He said they were a little complimentary taster from the kitchen, so definite bonus points there. There were two perfect miniature empanadas topped with a dollop of chipotle cream on the plate and we both devoured them post haste. Delicious, tender masa fried to a perfect golden brown wrapped around nicely spiced, shredded chicken.  And the chipotle cream was nice compliment, not overpowering like some chipotle things can be. If anyone from N9NE is reading this, you HAVE to put those on your menu. They are phenomenal.  We also each ordered a soup, the lobster bisque and French onion. The French onion was by far one of the best I have ever had, and I've had quite a few. It's one of my favorite go-to soups and this one was simply outstanding. Perfect flavor, lots of creamy gruyere cheese and just the right amount of thinly sliced, caramelized onions. Some places cut the onions too big and there are just too many compared to the amount of broth, but this place was spot on. I'd give five stars just for the soup alone. The lobster bisque was equally delicious and they finish the soup at the table, pouring it over the big chunks of fresh lobster already in the bowl. It was very good but so so filling. By this time, we knew our eyes were bigger than our stomachs and we practically tapped out. Then our entree came, the 40 oz ribeye for two served with lobster mac and cheese. We also ordered a side of the creamed spinach. It looked absolutely amazing and tasted exactly so, but we took about two bites and were done. "Wrap it up!" I told our servers, and they laughed about it being the record for calling it quits so soon on this gigantic steak. "It's still warm!" We simply couldn't do it though, we were too full and too tired to eat more. The servers were so nice about it though and perfectly wrapped up all our leftovers to take back to our hotel room. We happily ate our leftovers and reminisced about how delicious everything was at this restaurant. The only critiques I have would be that the mac and cheese is a wee bit salty and the creamed spinach was actually slightly better the next day, but otherwise the food is absolutely amazing. I just wish the music wasn't so darn loud!
5	I've had both dates and business meetings there, and both fit well with the decor, food, and service.  It is not cheap, so he/she better be worth it, and the business deal definitely better be worth it.  But the food and wine list is great if you want that text-book fine dining experience.
5	I've gone here several times. The cocktails are awesome. The service is amazing. Just make sure you make a reservation. I like to stop by Ghost Bar after I eat here. The music gets me amped to go out.
5	I was impressed. I was traveling with my boss and a co-worker;  all three of us enjoyed ourselves. Best meal of the week.
5	We went for our anniversary dinner and it was awesome! We started with the seafood platter for one and it was way more than enough for two. I'm so thankful that our server did tell us it would be. My husband loved the oyster so much that he wanted more. He wasn't sure if he necessarily wanted a half dozen because I wasn't eating any. He just wanted an order of the 3 oysters that came with it. Our server told us she would talk to the chef and find out if he could order those three which were 3 different oysters and she worked it out so it was perfect! Plus, I forgot to mention, they brought us 2 complimentary glasses of champagne for our anniversary. Very nice and unexpected touch! My husband also ordered the steak tartar, I'm not into that and I read really good reviews on it. Well I think it was the only downside of our meal. He found it to be yes an abundance of meat yet it lacked seasoning.I ordered the surf n turf and FYI it is not on the menu on Mondays. I believe she said it was only on the weekend, so again they accommodated our request. That is top notch service to me. And by the way, it was spectacular!! My steak was a perfect medium, my lobster was perfectly, I mean PERFECTLY, cooked.  It came with some kind of truffle sauced mash potato. Delicious! I couldn't finish it all.  My husband ordered the bone in rib-eye for his entree, medium rare. It was more on the medium side for his liking, but still really good, the quality if the steak shined through. He also ordered the gnocchi with truffle cream, OMG it was spectacular!! Something I would never order and it was amazing! Too many carbs, but so worth it! Exquisite dish. We couldn't finish that or even half of our entrees.  . We took It Back to the hotel room and ate it 2 hours later!! Still so wonderful! Like little soft pillows of delightful bliss, amazing!No room for dessert. But an amazing dinner! Service was great! We couldn't ask for anything more!!
1	Not sure why 400 people gave it a good review. I love to eat good food and pay for whatever it cost.  Worst place to spend your money, bad quality.  I recommend Sage restaurant not a steak house but a darn good place. As for n9n place we ordered Spinach and string beans sides tasted like it was from a can and microwaved.  the crispy avocado is horrible it's a battered and deep fried stuff that you find in fast food place, no one liked it.  they had a 32 oz prime rib that was their special it had no flavor and the sauce it came with was too creamy didn't go well with the dish took out chunks of fat from it and ambiance was too dark to sometimes tell if your biting into piece of fat or meat.  my friends ordered other steaks that they didn't like. Honestly I wouldn't ever go there or would I ever recommend it to anyone.
5	My wife and I walked in with no reservations. We were greeted very warmly at the door and sat at the bar for dinner. Cary, our bartender and server promptly offered us a drink and food menus. He was very polite and quite helpful with the food selection. My wife is very indecisive when it comes to ordering dinner! The Kobe beef burger was delicious and I was pleasantly surprised by the size of the portions. Great atmosphere, we thoroughly enjoyed our experience! Two thumbs up!
2	Welcome- Three month in advance reservation got us a uneven booth facing the wall.  Service- bitchy, with a slight veneer of politeness- from at least two waiters.  They grimly accepted our apology for accidentally being difficult. Food- I enjoyed my food after they "allowed" only one person at the table to have the prix fixe menu. Timing:  Start to finish- 2 1/2 hours- gobbled downed our entree to make a show at the Pearl. Any silver lining- Yes,  its a very nicely designed restaurant.  If you could see it, you can watch the ceiling change colors.  Also, we were given complimentary champagne since we were celebrating a special occasion.
2	N9NE for Valentine's Day...seems like a surefire winner right?  WRONGWe came here for the 4 course prix fixe for $65, which included bottomless wine pairings.  A steal right?  Well you know that little asterisks, the one that says not good on NYE and parties of 8 or more?  Well they forgot to say, NOT ON VALENTINE'S DAY either.  That is straight up false advertising.My server says, "well we have a Valentine's Day prix fixe, good only for the one day", and brings over another menu to show me.  It is essentially the same special menu, but at $75pp with only choice of salad (I don't eat salad, no soup choice), and NO WINE PAIRINGS.  But if this menu is special, and only served on Valentine's Day, WHY IS IT NOT GIVEN WHEN YOU SIT DOWN???***We know why this is....they want you to order ala carte, so you spend more money.  That's it...the only reason.  And I wouldn't even have known about it if I wouldn't have ASKED FOR IT.***Ok, end rant.  Let's talk food.Even though I felt ripped off and taken advantage of, I still decided to order and try to make the most of the night.Ordered a few cocktails at $19 each...glass of champagne with a splash of fruit in it...$19.  My cognac was $13, but I was CHARGED $3 because I wanted it "neat"....are you serious???  You didn't give me MORE cognac, and if you did, you have a VERY LIGHT HAND.  Seriously not having a good start for Valentine's Day.I went with the 18oz bone in 35day dry aged Ribeye.  It was perfectly cooked medium rare, and had lots of flavor...very good, but not the best steak I've had.  What DID separate it from all the rest though, was tons of fat.  All I order at prime steakhouses are Ribeyes....I've never had a more fatty steak.  And this wasn't super tender, "purposely eat the fat" Gordon Ramsay Steak steak, this was fairly hard to cut fat and tendon steak.  And I know that fat was at LEAST  3-4oz of my 18oz steak, so you can see how I felt cheated for $65.Went with the lobster mashed potatoes, and these were awesome.  They had large chunks of lobster in it, and the creme sauce was yummy.  At $18, these were crazy expensive, but I felt the love in this dish and it was worth the money.  I'd recommend them.The dinner company went with the scallops dish...forget the name, but it had jalapeno sauce in there and it was also very good.  It was almost like a southern gumbo style sauce, and the scallops were cooked perfectly.  She really liked this dish, and I did too....would also recommend.  I think it was around $45.For dessert, they had a cool concept....two shots of a sweet vodka and some cheesecake.  The shots had pink sprinkles rimmed on the glass and the vodka itself was nice and cold.  The cheesecake wasn't very special to me though.  Another $18To sum it up, I will NOT be back to order ala carte if I want STEAK.  Seemed like all the other choices were solid.  But truthfully, after the service and hospitality I received from N9NE, I do not plan on being back ever again.  There are much better steakhouses for LESS money.
3	I liked this place well enough. Even though we had reservations early at 6:45, we waited a good 15-20 minutes at the bar to be seated. The bartender was nice enough but seemed a bit put out when asked about various martinis. Anyway, once seated the service was good, even if our waiter seemed a little "green." It did take a while so I was glad we gave extra time before our Cirque show at 10 because we almost ended up being late. So, give yourself plenty of time here.Our booth was nice and big but because the music was pretty loud (although a nice, wide variety of music - interesting!) I had trouble hearing the two people not sitting right next to me throughout dinner. The waiter recommended the meatloaf special for me since I love it but I was disappointed that it was overly salty without any other real flavor other than meat. It was like a meat block that required a knife to cut it. Interesting. Everyone else liked their food and my friend raved about the salmon but when I tasted it, it was way to salty also! Two other friends agreed so it wasn't just me.Nice little touches were the cupcake shots brought over to sample and the foie gras samples from the chef. In addition, because my friend noted to the waiter that his drink wasn't on our bill, the waiter then comped us another 4 shots. These kinds of things make a big impression in my book. Overall I think we all enjoyed this place.
3	First off the best thing is the lobster Mac and cheese omg !!! Must try... Now it was nice and all but it was too noisy and I would not be going back for the price I would like a more intimate atmosphere and the music was too loud ... I'm a fan of delmonicos at the Venetian ... Nine was was good but not worth going back....
3	We had a great first time here. There was no wait for a nice table placed next to the center bar area where we had a good view of the entire restaurant pretty much.We had the Lamb and Salmon. It was absolutely amazing. My personal fav was the Lamb even though I ordered the Salmon ;) we also had some Lobster Bisque, Avocado Fries, Shrooms and Colossal Shrimp all of which was to our liking.Our waiter was polite and helpful with his food suggestionsThe music was a little on the loud side but we could hear each other because it was a small table.I think all and all we will go back and might recommend.
5	We are locals and went for the Prix Fixe with wine pairing.  Absolutely perfect in every way!  Impeccable service from Adrianne and crew. Fabulous.
5	amazing appetizer !!!!!Oyster was in perfect freshness!!I want to go back for another special day :) quite expensive but worth it !! on of my best steak ever !and #1 from vegas!!
3	Went here for dinner this past weekend with a party of 12 for my BFF's bachelorette party dinner. They have a strict policy for group's over 10, you have to sign a contract and put a credit card down to hold the reservation. Didn't experience this with any of the other restaurants I made reservations with and thought it was a bit too stringet with the policy of charging $25 per person if someone in your party is a no-show. Thankfully, we all made it there..on time (a big deal since we were running late for everything all weekend)!!!The staff was friendly upon our arrival and the service good for such a large group. They serve bread baskets that contained a variety of rolls and breadsticks (I remember a pretzel roll and some type of cheesy spicy breadstick) all were tasty. We all received a small salad before the entree. It was delicious and included the best piece of bacon any of us have ever had. No joke!  I ordered the scallops ($44) as an entree. It included three jumbo scallops, a scattering of shrimp, and some potato hash in a delicious cream sauce. I loved my meal! Only wish more came on the plate! Sides cost extra, so I vetoed that. Looking back, wish I had gotten something to accompany the scallops. Tried my BFF's shrimp alfredo, was yummy! The portion seemed really small, but everyone that got the pasta said it was just right and filling.I would recommend this place to people who don't mind splurging for dinner (don't go if you are on a budget!). I think the prices are steep for the amount of food you alctually receive. I wouldn't feel a need to go back while visiting again, which is why I give it a 3.
2	Went here with business group while in Vegas. My wife and I split the larger filet and Mac n cheese. My wife and I both had to diplomatically remove large pieces if gristle from our mouths. Didn't want to send back because our host was sitting across table. Steak lacked flavor and was not an excellent piece of meat. Waiter up sold the sides as plenty to share. While the Mac n cheese was good it was a small portion that I could have easily finished by myself. Only reason this is not one star is because of good service. Travel to Vegas on regular basis. Will not eat here again.
5	Nothing short of amazing. WONDERFUL, considerate service by Michael (thanks Michael!). I had the dry-aged bone-in ribeye with lobster mashed potatoes and the mac 'n cheese, which is so crazy delicious and oozing with cheeses (maybe Bechamel?). Topped it with Malbec and carrot cupcakes and I was good to go. This is the place to treat yourself while in Vegas!
5	The only thing I love more than a $50 steak is a $50 steak I'm not paying for. I genuinely love this set of friends that comes to town from time to time and not just because they buy me nice meals; they love good meals and they invite me to go out with them to places I would never ordinarily go. N9NE wasn't even in my bookmarks--that's how much I never thought I would go there--but I really enjoyed my time and food. Compliments of the chef because my friends are just that cool: rock shrimp and buffalo chicken wontons. Not a huge shellfish fan but when it's breaded and fried I suppose I can get behind it. The buffalo chicken wontons were awesome but I probably wouldn't order them. I would rather save stomach room for steak and salad, or a steak salad if such a thing exists here. I started with the soup du jour, tomato bisque. This was among the greatest tomato soups I have ever had--it had a strong tomato flavor, but you could also tell it was very carrot-y and bell pepper-y. It was served with a little grilled cheese, too... Comfort food at its very finest. I had a bite of a goat cheese salad and the bacon Caesar. The bacon on the Caesar was so smokey and delicious. More melt-in-your-mouth than M&Ms, I tell ya. It was like eating campfire, but in the best way possible. I would get this if I were to ever go back. My filet arrived--medium rare because I'm from the Midwest and why would I ruin a cut of meat by overcooking it? If you're still ordering above medium rare, ur doin it rong. It had a really light sauce on it which I liked because it didn't overpower the meat. The steak itself was charred to perfection and was good. I won't say excellent because again, I'm from the Midwest and we know steak there, but it was a really delicious piece of meat.For dessert, again compliments of the chef, we had three choices, but the standout was the s'mores creation station. We all agreed that we feel sorry for people who only get to make s'mores off of little gas gel pots and barbecue grills...campfires are the way to go on this one. But how fun and spectacular that they have this little end of meal treat.Service was awesome--we were joking with our servers all night long and they kept throwing things on our table free of charge. I can't say to expect that from every server and every table, but it's definitely good to know people.I probably won't be back because hey, I'm not made of money, but I really enjoyed my experience here and if you want a huge splurge, go for it.
2	I ordered the huge ribeye for two and that was a great tasting steak. That was pretty much the only good thing about the night. The lobster mac n cheese was pretty bland, same with the french onion soup. The service was great to start with but then the waiter was nowhere to be found towards the end of our meal. I really wanted to get the smores so I could see the presentation but at the end I was waiting so long to find my waiter that I just asked to pay so I could leave.
3	Ah, the steakhouse where the pretty people go to be seen and HEARD! No joke, this was the LOUDEST fine dining establishment I've ever been to. The food wasn't bad. I had a filet mignon that was cooked at a perfect medium rare and the gnocchi with truffle oil was OK. The crowd wasn't necessarily rude, they were just all fighting to speak or yell over each other and the music that was bouncing off the walls, floor, glasses, whatever. If you're looking for a good steak at a high end price, served to you in the middle of a dance club atmosphere, this is your place.
5	This place hasn't changed and neither have IIts a great steakhouseAlways get:rock shrimp appetizergarbage saladbone-in ribeye asparagusWhen you ask for rare it may look charred on the outside but the middle is perfectly red flavorful marbled meat. no room for dessert. strange
5	I can make this very plain and simple. Amazing atmosphere... and really great Filet Mignon. One of my favorite steakhouses in Vegas.
2	Not worth the price at all. Go to the steakhouse at Circus Circus; the food is so much better and the ambiance is way less pretentious. If prices were cut in half then MAYBE I'd give this place three stars. As it stands two is entirely fair. Even if you shit money I would recommend elsewhere. My boyfriend and I came here because he had $150 comp from gambling. He felt really uncomfortable, but he dislikes the ultra chic/pretentious elegance vibe. I was pretty indifferent to the whole layout/vibe. Our waiter was very professional and nice--although he acted like a butler rather than a friend. I'm sure that's how they train them but it's definitely not my style. I'm much more compelled to go back when the staff is warm, welcoming, and free to have personality. We started with the rock shrimp which was dull and worth about $5 but priced around $20. It was just popcorn shrimp...there was nothing special about it although the lemon aioli sauce was nice. French onion soup is normally one of my favorite items, but at N9NE it was average quality and double the price. I have had that soup at dozens of restaurants. Given that information, I'd say about 60% of the places I've been make better french onion soup than N9NE AND at lower prices. We are completely unimpressed so far. He ordered the burger ($28) and I ordered the 8 oz filet ($49 I believe) and some seasonal vegetable side. The quality of my steak was good, but the sauce that came on it was gross. It tasted like licorice, which I can't stand. It must be the house sauce because I didn't order anything specific. Vegetable side=gross. And it isn't like my mom made me order vegetables because they are good for me. I love vegetables, but these ones were burnt, salty, and shitty tasting. Half of the side consisted of giant chunks of onion which were horrible and overpowering. I finished 25% of it. Best item we tried=kobe burgerThe burger was solid as hell. It's the only thing we ordered that was four stars--excellent quality meat, great housemade sauces, well matched flavors, and a lovely touch with the balsalmic grilled onion. With less knowledge of Las Vegas, I would recommend this kobe slam dunk burger, BUT..............right now Smith & Wollensky's Steakhouse on the Strip is offering a $10 burger special and that burger is also amazing, but $18 cheaper...AND the staff is so awesome and friendly. The steak had potential but was ruined by the sauce.No reason to return. Overrated. I've been to plenty of expensive restaurants that were worth the price but this one definitely wasn't. If you have a comp like we did then it's semi worth the $30 tip. Our waiter brought us mini carrot cake cupcakes which were delicious, but that couldn't really salvage the rest of the meal.
5	Best steakhouse in Vegas can't say enough how much we enjoyed our 3 visits while we were in Vegas. The food and service was fantastic. A special thank you to Adrianne Zach our server and Jessica Delgado Assistant Manger who went out of their way to make each visit a meal to remember. Holly & Scott Lane
2	This used to be my favorite steakhouse. The last time was the final straw for me. The service was terrible and the food was horrible.The seafood platter was just okay, they have made many changes to it, the garbage salad was so soggy it was not edible. The BF had the steak and it was like rubber, I had the sea bass and had to send it back because it was bad. It had soggy skin and was raw in some parts.The smore's are my favorite dessert and those were still good. But not worth returning to this place. What a shame.
4	I loved this place when they had the 3 pound lobster tail and yes only the tail... I still like it but hope they bring the tail back
5	My date and I ate here, and our bill came out to be $200 plus but it was well worth it. Our filets were tender and savory. The gnocci side dish was one of the best pasta dishes I've ever tried, and the green beans were also wonderful. Our cocktails were pretty-good. Not as great as the food, but I would still order drinks from here again.The service was top notch. Our waiter was friendly and efficient, and the hostess was equally good. The atmosphere was trendy. Almost like eating in a lounge or club, but I enjoyed the environment and people watching.
5	Best steak in Las Vegas! Amazing service & friendly staff. Fast, efficient, good upbeat atmosphere & the steak was on point.
5	My wife and I came here for the first time last night. We ordered a bone in rib eye, cooked to perfection. Only thing that could be improved would be more char/grill marks on the steak and some more rub. But it tasted amazing and was a perfect medium rare.The sides we ordered were the white truffle cream gnocchi and the creamed spinach with cheese and applewood smoked bacon. Both were world class but the gnocchi could very well be the best side dish i have ever hadThe service was top notch, honestly never been treated better. We will continue to come here
5	We asked the Server what is the best meat?  He said, " The Ribeye Steak"!!Meat cooked so perfectly it just melt in your mouth - So full  of flavor as the fat was marbled proportional into the meat evenly.The Ribeye was my one night stand!  Still thinking about it....
3	A trendier, younger crowd for a steakhouse.....definitely not the same crowd you'll find at Del Frisco's.  The atmosphere has a lounge feel, and it's actually quite loud in the restaurant with the music and lively slightly drunk patrons.  So if you are looking for romance...don't come here.  The company I was with was a little bit older...ie reading glasses required age...and they had a difficult time reading the menu because of how dim the lights were in the restaurant.  We started with a few appetizers, the crab cake is big enough to share for two and had more crab than fillers =).   The rock shrimp with the lemon aioli was quite good.  The calamari just seemed pretty average, not too spectacular.  Well when it comes to steak...this place is not on the top of my list...while the steak was flavorful since I ordered the dry aged bone in rib eye cajun style...the meat just wasn't tender like a nice marbled rib eye should be.   The side dishes really didn't impress me as well, the lobster mac and cheese was a little lack luster with small little bits of lobster noted.  The creamed spinach...well it seemed like it was missing the cream component.  The grilled veggies were typical fare and you can probably get this at Red Robin's.  The highlight of the sides were the button mushrooms and the creamed corn.  Overall, I was happy....since my meal was free, but otherwise I probably would pick a different steakhouse if I was looking for a nice date night meal.
5	the best steak house in vegas and dougnuts for desert rock and this is coming from guy who lived in nyc its whole life
5	Three words: OH MY GOD.My friend and I went here before going to our show, we had reservations for 5:00 because that is what it said the earliest time for the prix fix deal, but there was an issue because our reservation was for 5:30. We were worried that we wouldn't be able to make our show on time, so we talked to the girl at the front, she checked with the cook and voila, we were able to keep our 5:00 reservation!! Super bonus points for that because this place is very swanky! The decor is simply divine: a waterfall on the entrance way, spacious room, lightly muted. One would feel awkward coming in here wearing less than Gucci, but we didn't feel out of place because our server at the bar Jasmine was exceptional!! Definitely try to get her if you can. The prix fix deal here is amazing, $65 for wine (red & white), main course, desserts, and more. We first started off with the Garbage Salad and Onion Soup. I thought I would never rave over salad and soup but I swear on my life, the best I've ever had! Next I had the halibut which was succulent and fresh. Our main course was the steak and potatoes...I've had my share of steaks...and this is by far the best I've ever had! It literally melts in your mouth. I think I may or may not have had some questionable sounds coming from my mouth when eating it, thankfully I don't think anyone noticed? 0.0We finished off our meal with mini desserts..more awkward sounds escaped our mouths. Wow. This is by far the best food I've had in a long time. The food is amazing, the staff are super friendly, and it's just a good time. I wish we had more time to savor the food, but next time I'm in Vegas, I know where to go for some damn good food.
5	Great place, very trendy, and noisy but the good kind, lively. Don't go here to have a quiet dinner with a loved one, bring friends drink it up and live it up! Expect to throw down lots of  money, but these steaks are worth it!  Quality steaks and great sides, good cocktails and beer selection. Don't forget to order the campfire smores for desert. Afterwords, drink more at Ghost Bar, Rain or Moom, you get to jump the line and get in free if you eat at N9ne. (Usually it's only one, but if you spend enough, ask if they'll get you in to more.)
3	High expectations were met from the moment we sat down. When we walked in I expected it to be packed for dinner, but was only about half full. This was out one really nice meal for the trip so we splurged a little. Received comp champagne toast,chicken wing app and shot. The chicken wing was tiny but flavorful. For apps the table got mushroom risotto, crab cake and oysters. Risotto was amazing, very rich and savory. Crabcake was good but I was expecting the best I ever had, which it was a distant second. I have to say for entrees I had to take about 10 minutes to digest the prices. Once I realized it was only money we decided on the 28 ounce prime rib and 12 ounce filet. You must think about 28 ounces...and when it comes to the table it is twice what you imagined. Steaks were cooked to perfection, the entire table savored every bite. Creamed spinach was probably the least favorite thing on the table, and the lobster mashed potatoes were just ok at best. Overall it was a great dining experience. As for the food justifying the price, not so much. Table of six the bill was $600+. I have had equally good meals for half the price so is it worth $100 per person, maybe once but not again.
5	Excellent Food and Drinks.. The service was superb and the staff was very friendly and helpful with everything.... Jasmine, Rebecca, and RJ was excellent. They went above and beyond with the quality of service....Will be visiting again soon!!
1	I just don't get it.  Reviewers seem to really like this place but the steak I had this past Friday evening was so not worth the $65 price tag. I had the 35 day dry aged bone in ribeye. It was chewy, fatty and not very flavorful.  There was an overpowering rosemary flavor.  While I enjoy the herb it was a flavor mismatch, in my opinion.  The steak was over cooked slightly but I dealt with it. Earlier in the week, I ate at Stripsteak in Mandalay Bay and for $5 more, I had a American Wagyu ribeye cap that ranks in my top three steaks of all time.  Plus they give you duck fat fries. Skip this pedestrian steakhouse and go directly to Stripsteak.
1	We were going to the ghost bar at the Palms and decided to try out N9ne for dinner as it is right below the bar. After being seated it took over 10 minutes for our waiter to take the drink order. Another 15 minutes to take the food order and then we waited about an hour for the entrees to come out. When my Kobe beef burger came out, the fries were cold and tasteless and the burger was dry and completely tasteless. I would have been happier with a burger from TGIFridays or Islands. At $28 (the cheapest item on their menu) it was a ripoff. My brother had the surf and turf (lobster and filet mignon). The steak was very soft, but the lobster was chewy and again both were very bland.Because we had friends with us totaling 6 people in our group, our waiter who we hadn't seen since he dropped off our food decided to include 20% gratuity on our bill, which was laughable. He thinks because our bill came out to $500, that he is entitled to a $100 tip?  What a joke. We left a $40 tip for him and on our way to the ghost bar he comes running out after us to tell us we hadn't paid in full. When we told him the service was lousy he got mad and started to argue with us. Very professional. Definitely no need to go back here again. I would have been more satisfied going to TGIF. The food and service are both better regardless of N9ne's prices.
5	Food was impeccable. Service was perfect. The waitress selected a great wine and was very personable. Overall a great restaurant and while a lil pricey totally worth it.
1	LARGE GROUPS BEWARE! - It's not worth the attitude, manipulation, and lack of hospitality. DO NOT sign any agreement they put in front of you for a $110.00 Prifixe menu for each guest, that includes a four course meal, with no alcohol.  My suggestion is that you request to MODIFY the agreement, and add in that guest can order off the regular menu at regular prices!!! Don't let them say otherwise, because  ALL agreements can be modified. If they complain, than there is your first sign that they will be unaccommodating to you and your guest, and you should take your business elsewhere. We had (14) people, which they sat us down in the main room with everyone else, as the walk-ins & reservations. Nothing is wrong with that, but when they tell you that you can not order off the regular menu, it's not fair. After fighting them because one guest wanted to order at $28.00 hamburger, they came back and said, that they can do that,  but they would still have to pay $110.00 for the hamburger. The whole thing got blown out of proportion, and they finally settled.  I would understand if they gave us a private room, but when you are sitting next to a couple that just walked in, and they can freely order what they want at regular prices, you should be able to do the same thing. Besides, they give you too much food, which no one was able to finish, some food was untouched, even for extra large people.  It's sad that the N9NE Group was not looking at the bigger picture. Many businesses would have been more grateful, and treated our group of (14) a lot better. Our bill quickly added up to $2,500.00, which came out more because of our alcohol purchase.  An now none of us are ever going to return there, nor say good things about them to our friends, nor our social friends on social sites (Yelp, Facebook, etc)."Poor Management" with large groups - which ruins the whole experience.
4	Get the s'mores... get two.
4	I can truly say this was by far 1 of the best steaks I have ever eaten. The prices are like any normal high end steak house, I spent about $100 for a 12oz bone in filet (that the head chef upgraded for me for free) & lobster  . They put som special wine sauce all over it and the steak just melted in my mouth. I did wait a whole for my food but it was so worth the wait. Ill def be here more and try some of the other steaks they offer. The staff is really friendly. This is a great dinner choice on Monday that way you can also do $5 movie night at the theater.
5	Reviewing the service on a Monday.  Great service, good table, fantastic house cab, Halibut was delish, TRUFFLE FRIES...to die for.  We'd go back.
5	You know the feeling you got the first time you saw Michael Jackson moonwalk, or the first time you saw Michael Jordan dunk from the free throw line, or the first time you heard the Beatles? This is what I felt when I took the first bite of the absolutely perfect 55 day dry-aged Porterhouse steak (cooked medium) at N9NE. I can tell you the service was good, the restaurant was cool, blah blah blah... None of that matters. All that matters is that you save up some $$ (because it's pricey as hell) and head on over to N9NE and order yourself a porterhouse with a side of jumbo shrimp scampi (AMAZING) and ruin your life forever, because you will never want steak from anywhere else ever again. N9NE, you complete me.
4	great service and food
5	Love this place.  Every time I am in Vegas I go here.  Top 3 items and a must in my opinion are the Seafood Tower, Lobster Bisque, and Bone-In-Ribeye.
5	My boyfriend and I visited N9Ne Steakhouse about three weeks ago for his birthday dinner. We had an amazing experience and can not wait to go back. My boyfriend, Jason D'Angelo, is a chef in San Francisco, and he met the executive chef, Barry Dakake. Barry ensured we had excellent service and an amazing meal. He sent us out a glass of perrier jouet, and a few mid-courses throughout our meal. He also came to our table to talk about our dishes, food, and more. He really is a great guy and a very talented chef. He made my boyfriends birthday dinner one we will always remember. And the food .... oh the food! SO GOOD! We had:Kumamoto oyster wrapped in tuna topped with caviar and drizzled with ponzu - my mouth is watering just thinking about itSeasonal grilled peach salad - very nice, flavors harmonized perfectly Salmon cakes - fresh, fun little bitesRock shrimp - warm, light, and airy with a perfect bite. so good ... I wish I had some nowFilet mignon topped with foie gras - both were cooked absolutely perfect, you could taste the quality Sides of asparagus and truffle potato gnocchi - great with the steak. asparagus still had a nice little bite and the gnocchi were perfect little cloudsPeach sorbet - light and refreshing, a perfect end to the mealOur server was excellent too. Very personable and great to talk too. When we went to tell Barry thank you after our meal was complete he brought us into the kitchen and gave us a tour. It was a wonderful finish to an amazing meal. If I could give chef Barry and his team a higher rating I would in a heartbeat. Top quality food and service. Treat yourself to a wonderful evening.
3	I came here with my husband a few days ago for restaurant week. We figured this would be a great opportunity to try out a bunch of different restaurants before we decide which are worth fully indulging in later.We started out with the onion soup and what was supposed to be a Cesar salad, which it was not(we will get to that later). The onion soup I did not care for(although I LOVE onions), nor did the people at the two tables beside me apparently.....The salad I had, the garbage salad, however was quite a delicious mix of flavors. The ribeye steak itself was delicious , very flavor packed. It is probably one of the better steaks I've had compared to the numerous pricey steaks I've had at other fine dining restaurants. For dessert we had mini tiramisu, strawberry cheesecake, and pecan pie tasters. Those were delicious as well.Now as to why I deducted two stars. When we first arrived, our waiter said dessert would be profiteroles for the night. Great, I love profiteroles....but that's not what we ended up with!....what a bummer. Second, when we received our appetizer soup and salads we were supposed to have Cesar salads, as he set down our plates he even said 'Cesar salad'! But instead we had what I now know as the garbage salad. Clearly cesar salad does not have salami, shrimp, artichokes, shallots, olives, and blue cheese in it. Third, when our rib-eyes came out they were accompanied with a mushroom with a stem of rosemary poked through...he said it was a horseradish stem!......I myself cook regularly and knew that was not a horseradish stem. I was quite appalled at how he tried to pass off his lack of knowledge and attention to detail on us. I sat there in confusion as we received each part of our meal and each time I had to check with my husband that I heard what I heard. Our server honestly didn't look like he cared for his job as he was too distracted by the preseason NFL games on TV near the back of the restaurant and he sure didn't check on us during our meal or ask if we were enjoying our food. Nonetheless, the food was spectacular but the service was quite poor due to our waiter.
3	Great service because our waiter and his staff was very attentive. Never had to ask for refill of water. The food was good but my filet mignon was a tad bit on the saltier side. The creamed corn and truffle fries were absolutely amazing! The atmosphere of N9ne reminded me more of a bar then a steakhouse. This place is great when you come with friends but I wouldn't suggested it for a romantic dinner with a significant other.  Music is bumping really loud and everyone is trying to talk over one another.
5	So good! The food was great, as were the wines and desserts. The waiter and busboys were on point, they were friendly, but and polite and made you feel comfortable, definitely not pretentious as I thought they might have been. I would go back in a heartbeat.
3	I love this place, I love this place, I love this place. And because I love this place....I will give them another chance and go there again. Every time we are in Vegas, we make reservations to dine here. Every time we have received superb service and tasty experience. So goes to show what our experience was the last time after convincing 10 other friends to join us for dinner. Our millionth time there, and everyone else's first time. YIKES!!!!!!!!!Lessss goooo!!!* Menu has changed! Some items on the menu are no longer offered. Dammit, update your menu please. * Food was wayyyy too salty* Service wasn't good enough, what we are usually accustomed to * Took 20 minutes to get water for the table* No lamb chops, WHAT?????? What do you mean you ran out. How does a steak house run out of meat........oh never mind, it's no longer offered even though my mouth watered as I read it on the menu. Gotcha!* Steak was cold as they came out* Well done was charcoaled * Medium well was bloody* Lose lose situation * Humiliation in front of friends! Check, check, check, check!!!* BYE
2	N9NE was the place to be 5 years ago, let alone 10. It felt like a shell of its former self tonight. Half full on a Friday night, the magic is gone. Prices have gone up over the years, don't mind paying for solid cuisine but $59 for fatty lamb chops, no thanks. Staff worked hard and meant well, but the sizzle is out of this steak.
5	Amazing. One of the things I particularly like about Vegas is the fact that is not short of excellent restaurants. The moment I walked into Nine, the hostess acknowledged my presence with a contagious smile. I don't know how to describe the atmosphere but if I could put it musically, the place looks "jazzy". The waitress was extremely helpful with the menu and I didn't have to wait long for my entree. I ordered a glass of Napa Valley wine and rather than order a traditional steak from a "steakhouse" I went with the special of the evening; "Hawaiian Swordfish". It was garnished with a single ravioli, four succulent shrimps, and seasoned spinach tucked under the grilled swordfish. EVERY bite was amazing and enjoyed every moment it. Oh, one more thing...I even received a warm welcome greeting from the Chef himself. EPIC! Overall, the experience with the staff to the entree, you cannot go wrong with Nine. You will have a blast!
5	Trendy high end steakhouse inside of the Palms. I was taken here on a date and had an amazing experience...so kudos to the guy for choosing this joint.The service was great. We had a reservation and were greeted at the door. They were still getting our table ready so we decided to get a drink at the bar, which was right by the front of the restaurant. For our appetizers, we got the rock shrimp and garbage salad, which were both, fabulous. The server helped with suggesting those.I ended up ordering the bone in rib eye, which was cooked perfectly and had so much flavor, with a side of the mac and cheese, also just fantastic. He got the filet, which was good too but nowhere as amazing as my rib eye. I most likely scared him with my appetite for meat ...but what can I do? I love a good a rib eye.
4	Very very delicious. The atmosphere is louder than your typical steakhouse but that's not surprising considering its location. The placement of some tables also leaves little privacy for intimacy while on a date. However, the meal was very delicious. I got the surf and turf and left more than satisified. Our server was very friendly and knowledgable of the menu. My girlfriend got the prime rib and was very pleased as well.The prices are quite on the high end. While visiting Fleming's you can definitely get better or similar quality for a smaller price tag but the experience is much different than Fleming's.I will definitely be back but not often. As a local this will probably be a once or twice a year visit.
5	One of the best steaks I've ever had. It was on the pricy side but the portions were huge, service perfect, and the food was delicious!
5	They were filming Mob Wives here last night.  I got jealous they were getting complementary food the whole night!Still though, the food... marvelous!!  Garbage Salad (silly name) is a must for a starting salad.  Artichokes, heart of palm, shrimp, salami... great, fulfilling salad.  Not foofy by any means.No one has mentioned one of their specialties, the Barry's Steak.  It's a prime rib cap served with onions and shishito peppers.  My goodness what a delicious piece of beef.  Best prime rib I have ever had.Now go try that steak and thank me later.  Arvin.  Out.
1	Thinking it would be a highlight of our trip, and spending a LOT of money for our budget, N9NE was a total disappointment.  My ribeye, while cooked inside correctly, was WAY too charred on the outside. That awful charcoal flavor was also on the grilled veggies. The gnocchi was HEINOUS. Bacon was overused and not very high quality. We hated the creamed spinach. Frankly, of all that we ordered, the only thing I ate almost completely was the baked potato, in spite of the fact that it had gobs of crappy/cheap? bacon on it. Chalk it up to extreme hunger. Gotta say, I was totally surprised at this abysmal dining experience.Thinking the lack of enthusiasm/appetite that night could be the excitement of travel, etc., we had them wrap up the vast amount of food left because our room had a fridge. BIG MISTAKE. The next morning the fridge reeked of the Garlic-y gnocchi and spinach and fake-y bacon smell that seemed to be on everything they served.Would NEVER recommend or return to this restaurant unless it was paid for by someone else and we could order a VERY expensive bottle of wine.Sorry George, I call this a total Fail.
5	I take 1-2 annual "bro" trips to Vegas with my college friends out east.  We always try to do something new and this year we decided to go for nicer steakhouses.  I swore by SW @ Wynn, but my friend staying @ Palms Place really liked N9NE.  He works as a butcher, so he knows his meats, so his recommendation carries a lot of weight.  Our dinner reservation was around 6:30 pm on a Tuesday.  When we walked in, we really didn't need one because it was dead, although it did get really packed as we left.  But since we were like 1 of 5 tables there, our food was served quickly and service was incredible.I started off with a Moscow Mule.  Lately, it's been my new go to drink and most places I've been to (unless they promote it as a specialty) don't do it right.  N9NE did it right...they used actual ginger beer.  They even used a copper cup.We started with the calamari and WOW.  I don't think i've actually ever had fresh fried calamari before...it was always frozen.  This was definitely fresh....you could tell the difference.  It didn't have any rubbery texture to it.  Perfectly cooked, I couldn't stop munching on these.The complimentary bread was a variety of different kinds of breads...pretzel rolls, focaccia (SP?), and some crispy flatbreads.  All tasty and moist...none of it was dried out.  I ordered Barry's Special, which was a prime rib w/shisito peppers and pearl onions in au jus.  I had it cooked medium rare and it came out exactly how I requested.  The peppers and onions gave it a little bit of zest, but not to the point where you couldn't taste the beef.  The peppers and onions themselves were also amazing with the beef and I ate everything on that plate.For sides, we had ordered some gnocchi and creamed spinach.  The spinach came out melted with cheese all over it and the gnocchi was definitely made differently than what I'm used to.  The gnocchi almost looked like chinese rice rolls they serve at dim sum (cheung fan), sitting in a small layer of a cheesy cream parmesan sauce.  The gnocchi was fantastic...it was seared on the top and bottom and it gave it a small crunch (not too crunchy, think of when they make a grilled burrito at taco bell...that level of sear) that enhanced the flavor.  It wasn't as thick as most gnocchi is...it was definitely more delicate but I like this twist on gnocchi as it didn't have that floury taste that gnocchi sometimes has.The spinach was the only disappointment of the night....way too salty.  Between 3 people, our check total was about $200 (including drinks)....not bad for a quality steakhouse.  Pics:  http://instagram.com/p/etHfSSAjhl/ Barry's special with the gnocchi in the background.http://instagram.com/p/etHOQgAjhU/  Kobe style beef burger with homemade fries.  The fries were definitely made there, not frozen, and cooked in peanut oil.  I love the way they even stacked them up....I don't see many places that make a presentation out of fries.http://instagram.com/p/etHIBKAjhL/  Kobe style meatloaf with a fried egg on top.  This one was definitely unique....a little salty I felt though.http://instagram.com/p/etHsgqgjh3/  The gnocchi.  Sorry for the crappy blurry shot.Aside from the one blunder of creamed spinach, everything here was excellent.  The service, the food, the drinks, and it wasn't outrageously expensive compared to other steakhouses I've been (like BOA) for what you get.
4	Great atmosphere and the service was excellent from the moment we walked in. Risotto was amazing as was the crab cakes. The lobster mashed potatoes were decent. Drinks were incredible. It wasn't too pricey (about 75 per person) ... I would def go back again to try something else. Menu looked phenomenal and has something for everyone.
1	perhaps the worst steakhouse in Vegas! while service is great, atmosphere is dark with blue lighting and the food was average even though you can barely see it on the plate. only go here if you get comped which is unlikely if you're playing at the Palms!
4	The food at this steakhouse was amazing and the service was also very good. I give it 4 stars because it's located in the Palms which, maybe it was just the weekend I went, does not have the same appeal it used to. The restaurant was not very crowded and the casino outside was basically empty. So while the food was fantastic, the trip over to the Palms seemed like a waste. I probably wouldn't take the cab ride over there again.
5	I heard about the gnocchi here and I've been wanting to try it. I came here after an unplanned dessert pit stop. He was worried we'd be too full to enjoy dinner...never underestimate the power of this bottomless pit!We sat at the bar and had the most amazing service from the two bartenders especially Roberto. They really took care of us and I mean REALLY took care of us. We had a sangria and a Hoegaarden while waiting for our food. The bread service was quite enjoyable: pretzel, onion, bacon and mildly sweet muffin.  I looked at their menu beforehand to see if there was anything else aside from the gnocchi I wanted to try. I wasn't too thrilled by their prix fixe menu but I did see a few things that really caught my interest: Kobe burger with truffle cheese and truffle fries. Some unreliable source suggested the lobster mashed potatoes.Gnocchi:With white truffle cream. I looooove gnocchi and I loooooooooove truffles. Together? Absolute madness! It was exactly how I had imagined it to be. I was not disappointed at all. The gnocchi was tender and they were like tiny pillows my tongue can rest on. The truffle cream sauce was wonderful - I dipped everything in it. This has got to be my favorite version of gnocchi.  5/5Kobe Burger with Truffle Fries:Pancetta, balsamic onions, truffle cheese, + thick-cut fries with parmesan cheese and truffle aioli. It also came with toasted mustard seed ketchup and roasted garlic aioli. We split this and it was a perfect medium-rare - just how we like our beef. It was juicy. I couldn't taste the truffle cheese though. Put some truffle aioli and we're good to go. The fries were thick and not super crispy but give me starch and truffle aioli then I'm good. I finished the truffle fries like a champ! 4.5/5Lobster Mashed Potatoes:Maine lobster and mashed Yukon potatoes. This was pretty good and there was a good amount of lobster on top but there's something missing - this is not my favorite version. I like Mastro's the most. 3/5Rock Shrimp:Lightly breaded and fried shrimps with lemon aioli and Sriracha sauce. I wasn't paying attention to what Roberto said about the Sriracha sauce so I dipped a shrimp in there and it sure taught me a lesson! The lemon aioli was great. Citrusy and creamy. 4/5We got complimentary carrot cupcakes. We walked away paying only $57 + tax and tip for everything we ate and drank...that's what happens when a guy shows a little cleavage! I'll definitely come back for more gnocchi.
5	We went here for our honeymoon.  Our server Adrianne was top notch.  Being one of the top rated steak houses I expected the service to be good, but she was excellent.  We were pleasantly surprised with champagne to start, accompanied by comp salads and popcorn shrimp.  I had the rib eye (perfectly cooked) and my wife had the scallops (amazing).  Adrianne finished our experience with a comp dessert assortment with Congratulations written in chocolate.  Before this we hadn't gotten any special treatment for our honeymoon status in Vegas.  Adrianne went over the top to make our honeymoon dinner special.  The food was perfectly cooked, flavorful, and worth every dollar.  I highly recommend N9ne and request Andrianne's section.  You won't be disappointed!
5	BELIEVE THE HYPE. Came here on a Friday night 830 p a few weeks back.. Lots of tables left (which may be concerning to some) but we sat @ the bar. Full service and all. Jasmine was our bartender and let me just say, she's the best damn one I've ever had in Vegas. Not only were her drinks on point, her customer service was unrivaled. So much, that I called the manager over to let her now what an excellent job she was doing. The manager told me she was new!! Even better. We were skeptical about one of the cocktails but Jasmine gladly crafted us one just so we can try it! It was yummy, so we ordered another! probably wasn't supposed to write that, but legit, that's incredible customer service. The food was delicious, ordered the truffle fries and lobster Mashed potatoes and a couple of steaks (filet mignon and bone in). Bone in was asked for medium rare but came out medium well :-/
4	We stayed at the palms and craved a steak. So we decided to try N9ne out. It's stylish and there was a DJane pumping beats. While the music was definitely trendy and cool, it made a normal conversation almost impossible. We were seated immediately and a super energetic waiter took our order.  We had steaks with creamed spinach and truffled fries. Everything was delicious and fresh! However you get comparable food at other places for a fraction of the price. The bill was rather steep, but you not only pay for the food but also for beeing hip I guess.
4	I got pretty sad to find out they're temporarily closed but glad they'll be open by the end of the year because their steak is one of the best in my opinion. Although the place were a little crowded by the tables and was hard to walk around, I am giving them the thumbs up for great food. I am not much of a steak but after my first try here I can say I am now lol. The buttery, tender steak will leave you amazed. Another star for this place is for their free dessert they gave me, I was like a little kid creating my own smores. I can't wait for them to open back up again!
5	A Must Go while visiting or living in Vegas..... We had the best dinner, service and atmosphere at N9NE last night for NYE. Dinner included cocktails, appetizers and cooked to perfection steaks. Yassine and Phillip were amazing hosts ... Thank you!
4	Restaurant just got a subtle refresh and re-opened just before the new year.  Overall, a good solid steakhouse.  We ordered the Ahi Tuna starter which was very good.  Prime Bone In Rib Eye was done just right, plenty of flavor and marbling as you would expect in a $60+ steak. Lobster mash was fantastic, but skip the broccoli gratin (which was bland).  For dessert, enjoyed the donut with four different dipping sauces.  Finished off with a swig of 18 year Macallan.  Great meal, pricey...but about the same as all the other great steakhouses in Las Vegas.  I recommend!
4	Delicious food and not bad service. Ordered popcorn shrimp and buffalo wontons for apps as well as French onion soup and steak for entree. Delicious and satisfying.
4	Really had a great time here. The atmosphere is superb and the staff is very attentive. Michael our waiter was fabulous! Service really is top notch!We started with the caviar, it was delicious!! I had the fire chicken it was so juicy and spicy. My husband had the short ribs and loved his also.Highly recommend trying this steakhouse.
3	I give it three stars only because I have been such a fan of this place in the past. In fact, last time I was there I came back bragging to all of my friends that I had found the best steak in the world. This time, not so much... Or at least it wasn't $65 worth. First off, when we ordered drinks at the bar, the cocktail waitress really didn't know what they had for scotch or rum, then she took 30 minutes to bring us our drinks.  I already mentioned the steak, which was a big let down.  Then, I requested that the waiter ask the chef to grill my asparagus, the waiter said, "no problem, we can cook it however you like."  But when he brought them out, they were not grilled so he went back for more... When he came back out he served them to me steamed al dente. He said that, "apparently this was just too difficult for the chef."I don't mean to be picky but at these prices, I think that is my right. I like my pasta al dente and my asparagus char broiled.
4	We came to N9ne to celebrate my little sisters 21st birthday. Unfortunately we were doing dinner the night before (just how our schedule happen to fall) so she was unable to drink, but hey I did! All your steak house classics! There were some high notes, but also some low.  We shared the popcorn shrimp, tuna tartare and stuffed mushrooms to start off with. The popcorn shrimp was really good! I love the dipping sauce it was served with. Served ever so cutely in a popcorn box, which I read that some called it tacky, but I thought it was uber cute! The tuna tartare was another favorite. Fresh and delicious. Stuffed mushrooms were good, but my least favorite out of the three. Next came our caesar salad. No complaints here! Served with a crispy parmesan toast and a little piece of smoky bacon that was just perfect. We then shared the chicken, rib eye steak, linguini pasta for our entrees and for our sides we had the potato gnocchi and asparagus. The highlight for me was probably the chicken. It had a nice spice to it. It was served in some sort of jalapeno lemon sauce that was seriously good! The steak on the other hand didn't really blow me away. I asked for medium rare and it came out rare. I know it's a very small scale from the two but I just don't like my steak that red. Flavors of the steak was okay, I thought it lacked a little seasoning. But I guess what my steak lack, it made with in the pasta. It was so overly salty. I wasn't a huge fan. But when eaten in the same bite, it wasn't too bad. It was my first time trying gnocchi and it was kind weird. I just don't think I'm a fan of gnocchi in general so I can't really critique it. Then for dessert we roasted some s'mores at our table, which was really fun and a great presentation. We also had some carrot cake which I heard my girlfriend say was dry but I was already too stuffed to the gills to even try. Overall, my meal was pretty good. Is it the best steakhouse in Sin City? Definitely not, but it wasn't the worst either.
5	My Husband and I went here on our last trip to Vegas. We got the Prix Fixe and let me tell you, it was delicious. Our plates were clean and we couldn't wait for the next course to come out. On top of the great food they served us a nice bottle of red and white wine with our meal. The staff was friendly and very attentive. I was afraid since we got the Prix Fixe they would not be very concerned with us, but treated us as if we ordered a more expensive meal. The place had a great ambiance and was a romantic setting.
5	If your looking for a place to impress your date this is it! They have one of the BEST Bone-in Ribeye i ever tasted! Lobster Mac and Cheese is KILLER and ROCK SHRIMP is a must! Very beautiful people here and a very trendy place at the place! Staff was great! Would for sure visit this place for dinner before making my way to the hottest clubs around town!
5	I've been going here for 8 years and it's such a fun place, high energy. The food is very flavorful and Eric is the funniest server. N9ne will always be one of my favorites.
3	I like to try out new places fairly often and N9ne had been on my list for some time, so I decided to give it a try with a few friends. I had heard so many great things about N9ne before I went, so I was pretty excited. We went before the current remodel, so it may have changed but it seemed like it was trying a little too hard to be modern and hip. I'm hoping they changed that.One of the really great things about N9ne is the super affordable prix fixe menu. It is $59.00 per person with unlimited wine pairing. While the food was good, I wasn't blown away like I was expecting to be. The steak was a little overcooked, but still had good flavor.The selling point for N9ne is the outstanding customer service. Our server was amazing and never let our glasses get empty.Overall, I had an excellent experience. I would definitely go back.
4	At first I was thrown off by the entrance.. Wasn't noticeable .. Many people, including us, had to ask around where N9NE was.Inside was pretty dark, almost club/bar like which was "ok"..Service was great! The busser and waiter were on top of things (refilling, reassuring food was to our liking, if we needed anything, etc)!I ordered Bone-In Ribeye with side of Cream of Spinach. Better half ordered Dry-Aged Ribeye with Truffle Fries!The steaks were very tasty & tender.. but one negative thing I want to point out is that it was kinda drenched in sauce.. Overall still a good steak! My love for truffle is unexplainable so the fries were amazing to me and the cream of spinach was also very tasty! Waiter also gave me a fun birthday dessert which consisted of graham crackers drizzled with dark chocolate, white chocolate and Nutella, marshmallows, and a  clay stove thing where I can roast my marshmallows to my liking! I was VERY full but couldn't help but have a couple s'mores!Overall good experience!
5	Interesting restaurant. its like a lounge/restaurant with plenty of patrons enjoying drinks from the bar. lighting was more on the dark side but is still manageable. Last night we had my gf's birthday dinner here. from the hostess, waiter, busser n runners. service was great. they were all on top of their jobs. Food was 8/10 for me. we started off with sashimi and lobster bisque. Sashimi was ok but that lobster bisque was delicious. main course was one boneless ribeye for the lady and I settled with a dry aged bone in ribeye both with foie gras. accompanied with cream of spinach and truffle fries. sides were pretty darn tasty and the steaks were good but I had better. don't get me wrong I enjoyed it very much and will order it again. for dessert, compliments of the house was a fun platter of s'mores 3 kinds: dark n white chocolate and Nutella for two. overall our experience was delightful and the reason I gave 5 stars is because of the hospitality. I believe our servers name was Marco. Thanks to him n 9 for a wonderful evening.
5	Very likely the best place to get a steak in Vegas right now.  The entrance is kind off off in the corner, you won't find it unless you're looking for it on purpose, and even then you might need a little help from the hotel staff.  Once inside N9NE has a modern, elegant feel, it's nice and it's interesting, but it's not loud or ostentatious.   We spent a few minutes in the bar waiting for our reservation and sampling some pre-dinner cocktails, everyone enjoyed what they ordered, but the fresh dill one was the hands down favorite.Once seated at our table our waiter and bus boy came over to introduce themselves and get the meal started.  Not long after that the sommelier stopped by to see if we needed assistance with the wine list.  Being fairly knowledgeable about wine we didn't really need help, per se, but it was fun chatting with him about their extensive list and he made a couple suggestions for wines well below the maximum price point we gave him.  I really appreciated the fact that he did not try to upsell us, both of his recommendations were spot on and that makes it much more likely that I'd trust his opinion on a future splurge bottle.The meal itself was fantastic, most of us ordered the surf and turf, everyone's steak came out exactly as ordered and the lobster was superb as well.  Even the person who ordered pasta (I know, why would you order not a steak at a steak house???) was pleased with their choice.  The sides were tasty too, the mushrooms and asparagus were particular favorites.For dessert we had smores, because FIRE! But novelty aside, the different flavored marshmallows were really good and it was fun to roast our own marshmallows at the table. In summary, just go, it's well worth the quick cab ride from the strip.
5	My wife and I do not have the same taste in food.  However, the one thing we do agree on is that if we both had to pick our one and only favorite meal ever, it would be the Surf n' Turf from N9NE.  We have eaten there every time we have been to Vegas over the past five years which means we've had the surf n' turf probably 15 or 20 times.  It is consistently excellent 100% of the time; never a complaint.  Also, a bonus tip for you before getting into the review; if you plan to go to any of the Palms' night clubs, ask your server to get you a cover charge comp and VIP entry; they can definitely do the former to save you some money and our server has always been able to do the latter too but not sure if that's him or the restaurant so not sure if you should expect that to happen or not.Okay, so we had a very good experience with our server the first time we visited N9NE in 2008, his name is Jeremy and he still works there.  I highly recommend asking to be seated with him when you visit.  We haven't been able to see him every time we've gone but more often then not we have; he's been there I want to say ten years now.  In any case, you won't be disappointed; he's very attentive to detail and your needs.Back to the food; I can give my experiences with a few of the appetizers but regarding entrees, unfortunately I can't offer any opinions on anything else they serve because all I've ever had is the surf n' turf; it was good enough that I lost interest in trying other items the first time I ate there.  Apps first; I've had the ahi tuna tartare, rock shrimp and sashimi n9ne.  All three are excellent; very fresh, very tasty.  The shrimp are quite large; no complaints there.  The ahi tuna does not give you *that* much tuna, so of the three, I'd say that one is the app that trends towards being a bit over priced.  The sashimi is an excellent selection of several different types of fish as well as caviar and shrimp so it's great to share as well.  The presentation is excellent; long rectangular plate with everything arranged neatly to display the types of fish without encroaching on one another.  You will also receive complimentary bread of varying types with regular butter and a horseradish-based spicy mustard that is awesome.Now, entree time.  Their surf n' turf differs from others' in a few ways; first and foremost, you get a claw and a tail, from Maine, not just bits and pieces of tail meat, not gulf, and not some previously frozen crap.  The lobster sits on top of the filet which sits on top of their lobster mashed potatoes and then it's drizzled and surrounded by a white aioli sauce.  You can of course have parts held off or not combined if you don't like any of those bits.  I personally ask that they put the aioli on the side and give me the 'sauce tray' which is an assortment of four additional sauces; it's not on the menu but your server should be able to make it happen.  I'm going to upload a picture of it so you know what it looks like.  One is I believe a port wine reduction, one is a mustard-based sauce that trends towards spicy, the other two seem to change from time to time so they may be seasonal or regularly changed so I can't remember what you may or may not get.  The filet portion of the meal is also great.  I order mine medium rare and want to see some pink; if it's medium, I'm not happy.  My wife orders what she calls "rare plus" which she picked up from the excellent Berns Steakhouse in Tampa, FL and means rare with warm red center, not rare cold by the time it gets to the table.  She's also picky about this.  They've never messed it up.  Can't say enough about this place.Drinks?  Their mojitos are excellent; fresh mint, not too much simple syrup, and not too weak on the booze which really pisses me off.  Long islands always seem to come out nice and strong.  They do have some kind of crazy $150 margarita on the menu that I've never seen anyone order but would love to have someone buy me one lol.Okay, so is N9N3 pricey?  Yes.  Is it a plate covered in awesomeness?  Yes.  So win some cash at the craps table first and parlay that into a meal you won't forget.
4	Oysters on the half shell - good and fresh. I enjoyed both the spicy cocktail sauce and the mignonette. Lobster Bisque - my favorite dish of the night. rich, creamy, with a good amount of lobster chunks. Delmonico Ribeye - good enough to share with another person (female) I thought it was a bit salty for my taste and a little overcooked. George's Creamed Corn - sweet, rich, and delicious. I really enjoyed the eclectic bread basket in the beginning and I loved the ambiance and decor. I would definitely be back to try out other menu items. recommendations: lobster bisque and George's creamed corn.
1	This review is merely for the service as our party of 4 never had the chance to dine in. (2/23/2014)The grease trap fell after we were seated.The server told us to leave without apologizing, arranging next reservation, or escorting us out.On our way out, we passed more than 6 staff, and NONE of them ever greeted us or apologized for the inconvenience.We felt like it is a big joke which ruined our farewell party!!The staff certainly fails the standard of good customer service and lacks the sense of risk management.
5	My boyfriend took me on a Saturday night. We had reservations but came early. They still sat us down promptly. We had great service. The Mac and cheese, Brussel sprouts and s'mores were amazing!
5	Awesome, this is my new favorite steak house. Must have is the Bone-In Rib Eye. It was to die for. Also the Sea Scallop dish was amazing if you are looking for something smaller/lighter. The atmosphere was perfect, the staff were incredibly friendly, our waiter Zachary was the best. The wine was delicious , we had crab stuffed mushrooms to start which were phenomenal. The entrees were perfect and the sides were excellent. Definitely recommend the creamed corn and the lobster mashed potatoes (mixed together=perfection). The decor was beautiful and our booth was cozy and comfortable, a great place for date night. The manager even brought us glasses of champagne on the house. Loved this place! We will definitely be back!
5	I have been hearing about this place for quite awhile now but never pulled the trigger to check it out until earlier tonight.  Mortons has been my favorite Steak House for a long time and is still right up there at the top but this is my new #1 spot.  We did an early reservation around 6pm which we made the day before. It was a good thing because by 7:30pm the place was packed.  Almost every table full and the bar area pretty crowded with people having a good time. The service was great. I have no complaints about that whatsoever. The food was even better than i thought it would be. Appetizer: Crab stuffed mushrooms was very goodMain Course:I got the 35 day dry aged 18oz Bone In Ribeye cooked medium was the best steak I ever   had. I ordered the side of 4 dipping sauces which is highly recommended.My wife ordered the Scallop Risotto topped with shrimp which was so good that I am considering ordering it next time.  As sides we ordered two even though we knew we probably wouldn't finish them and would take them home for a leftover snack.  The creamed corn and the lobster mashed potatoes are both out of this world. This place is expensive but lives up to the hype and reputation. I would recommend it to anyone and I will definitely be back at some point. For more updates, please follow me on twitter @MikeCies
5	This place has the best filet i have ever had, very tender and juicy. The service is great and so are they sides.  This place is pretty expensive but its great for a special occasion.
2	All and All this place has  a very dot com trendy new wave young vibe to it..  and it seemed it was really about as to whom is trying to impress whom.. I loved the decor and and lighting and the colors were perfect. The Martinis were excellent. The draped private party in the center was very nicely done, and would be great for a larger party.Our waiter had a tad of attitude issues but I suppose he feels he needs to be,working there, but it really was not necessary. We are in our 50's and still cool I would say and this waiter was a bit cold to us, why I am not sure. Our money spends the same as others who are younger.I have dined all over the world and in nicer places than this, so I was irritated when I politely asked the waiter if he had any fresh parmesan cheese, for our butternut ravioli and my husbands pasta. Yes, I know we are in a steak house but we both were in the mood for pasta and the NOVE was closed.The waiter smiled at me with such attitude like I was asking a STUPID question, and answered that we do not offer any parmesan...  and then just stared at me.... with a big fake smile...I  stared back with his same fake smile and stated that when you serve italian on the menu it would be correct to serve fresh parmesan, he rolled his eyes and off he went to help a table of 4 drunk guys that were louder than the whole restaurant yet very entertaining.Would I go back, maybe if I was there, would I make a trip to go back, NOT A CHANCE...
5	steak... nomnomnompretty sure i gain weight after coming to dinner here. I had a voucher and decided to take some friends for food, we love food. Made a reservation and came in the dine here at the Palms, N9NE hiding in the corner by the ivory tower. We started with some drinks at the park. my best friend order some wine and said it was the best one she had, ended up ordering another, that drunky. :) i ordered a beer and then we were taken to our table by the host. the server we had was amazing, really helpful guy. he gave us the chef specials for the day as well as walked us through the menu. we ordered the chef special app to start. the also brought over bread which was delicious, some were pretzel like other had a little cheese on them, great start to the meal. they also brought out some small apps and sticks that included tomatoes, peppers, and olives. they weren't anything crazy special but was still cool to fill in space between apps and meal. then came the STEAKS!! Ally ordered the filet 10oz i believe, me and Niy Niy order the same meal and i could barely finish it. 12 Oz was too much for me, also with our side. We also order the gnocchi (which i heard was amazing and i heard right!) mac and cheese which had the twisty pasta which i thought was cool and delicious, and also lobster mashed potatoes.. not a huge fan but Niy likes. then i made the big mistake... i order the smores. they came with their own little fire, different marshmallow and chocolate... but it was way too much, i stuffed myself the top!Overall the experience was excellent. i hope to go back and maybe order a little less.
2	Mediocre food for a hefty price. Service wasn't impressive either. There are much better fine dining options in Las Vegas that are "trendy".  I mean it wasn't horrible but it was a disappointment :p
5	We started going here for my daughters 21st bday and have been coming back last 7 years on our trips to vegas. I love this place everything is cool. Love the atmosphere steaks are yummy. desserts are great. Had one bad experience with a tasting menu they tried Christmas 2012 but just learned to stick with their awesome steaks. Service always good.
5	My husband and I had a great experince here for our honeymoon, then a not so great one, then last week, the greatest experience I have ever had at a restaurant.  I had a filet and my husband had, I believe the aged New York.  Great steaks, but my husband fell in love with the lobster mashed potatoes, he said he wanted to get up and do the "happy dance" they were so good.  Michael was our server, and he has got to be one of the top 3 servers I have ever had anywhere.  He was friendly, helpful and wanted to make sure we were happy.  So I just wanted to say thank you N9NE for the great experience!
4	The steaks rival some of the best steakhouses in the US. What sets N9NE apart from other top restaurants in Vegas and the US is the service. The servers are all well versed in the details of the menu and don't miss a beat throughout the dinner. They pay close attention to repeat diners and go out of their way to make you feel welcome. Every time I go back, I can't wait to see my friends at N9NE. The atmosphere is also quite enjoyable if you are with a group of friends. I would definitely recommend this steakhouse to those visiting and staying at the Palms, worth every penny.
4	WOW the food here is good!!!I have to say I was honestly shocked by how good the food was at N9NE steakhouse. The Palms doesn't have much to offer these days but this steakhouse was great! The restaurant decor is so so. A little outdated and could use a face lift. Try their cucumber martini. It sounds weird but it was delicious! But the FOOD? Delicious. I had the prime rib and it was perfect. The lobster mac & cheese? To die for. Even the bread basket was perfect. Great food, great service. I will go back to N9NE again.
5	Having dined at N9ne at least ten times in the past 6 years, I can confidently say this is one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas!  The service is absolutely perfect!  From the ticket times to the consistency of the food; N9ne never ceases to amaze me!
2	Ok.   I MISS THE OLD WAITERS.  New ones look like clones and honestly are sub par to the old ones.   The new design good.   The ability to Tweek what's on the menu is more of a Applebee's experience.  We waited at bar that had 3 bartenders and few customers like 10 minutes before they took order.    Sketchy palms crowd equals sketchy staff.   Prices didn't change so u all make your mind up.
5	Great meal!,   Lobster Thermidor was the standout, what a naughty little treat.  The steak was perfect as well.  Every item was so well prepared and thoughtful.  Even the chef came over to check on us.  Service was impeccable as well.  Ask for Adrianne she will give you the dining experience you are looking for.
2	The environment is very modern & sleek, feels like you are more in a club than a restaurant. That being said the food I found was very average for the price tag. The surf & turf was very bland, with very little flavours. The wine list isn't bad however during my meal I ended up finding a bug towards the end if my glass. My whole dining experience in this establishment was reasonable poor, the food wasn't bad, just have ate better for less in the Las Vegas area. I would not recommend this restaurant neither would I go back!
5	Amazing food, incredible service!
2	I had dinner at N9NE Steakhouse the other night.The waitress was friendly but didn't come around very often, it seemed as though she was too busy to have been sat with another table. I don't know if we were even in her section, I didn't see much of her once we had ordered.I ordered the filet mignon with a side of creamed corn and macaroni and cheese. My meal was very good but I was unable to finish the entire thing. When a bus boy came to clear the table, he asked if we were finished and I said yes, and asked if he could please wrap the rest of my meal since I had left half of my steak and half of each of my sides. Keep in mind, the 12 oz filet mignon was $58 and the sides were $12 each. He didn't really acknowledge what I had said but I assumed there was enough food that he would wrap my leftovers. He took the plates but then walked over to another tables and stacked a plate on top of them. I wasn't sure if he just wasn't very good at his job or if he didn't bother to fulfill my request. But by the time the bill came it was obvious he had ignored my request/not even bothered to ask me if I'd wanted my leftovers packed up to go. I am deeply disappointed in my experience as I had half of my meal left and it was not a cheap dinner.  After my first experience at N9NE Steakhouse a few months ago and the Yelp reviews I was surprised by my mediocre experience at this restaurant. I would have expected better.
3	Meh.  Vegas, you can do better.Food is decent, although it didn't blow our minds.  The most notable dish was the lobster mashed, I would highly recommend that.  Steaks are obviously all decent, although not the best we've had.  I would give the food 3.5 stars, decent but not sure if it worth the money.  Biggest disappointment was in the attitudes of the 5 hostesses when you first walk in.  If they are trained to be curt and unpleasant, kudos - then they deserve a raise.  We arrived early for our reservation and ended up getting seated right away, but we walked past numerous empty tables for 2 and got seated at a table that had been squeezed in between two large parties.  We have no issues with communal dining, but don't seat people at a cramped table when the entire restaurant is fairly open.  Most of the other tables remained open while we were there, so it's clear they weren't reserved.  The attitude of our server wasn't much better - all of the waitstaff we interacted with were fairly sterile.  2 stars for the staff.In a city with an endless choice of great options, I'd avoid this.  Definitely not worth the trip if you aren't staying at the Palms.
4	This wasn't our intended dining destination at the Palms, I was looking forward to Gardunos, only to find out it closed. I was very sad, but we were hungry and decided to splurge.No reservations and got seated within 10 minutes, this place was fairly busy too. We sit down, and our server, very pleasant guy, explains the evening specials and the wine list. He was very knowledgeable and was able to recommend us a wine based on our preferences. That wine was so good, our waiter was kind enough to write out the name of it for me. We ordered the Lobster potstickers to start, they also brought out fresh bread and complimentary risotto balls. All of these things were divine. The risotto balls melt in you mouth, the pot stickers were crispy, a flavourful.Next came out our mains were the evening special of: 8 oz filet mignon with grilled asparagus, lobster and bearnaise sauce. The steaks were pure perfection, the sauce creamy and smooth, the lobster and steak perfectly cooked. The whole dish just melted in your mouth. We also shared 2 side dishes: baked potato and sauteed mushrooms. We were stuffed! We so wanted to get desert, but simply had no room. No matter, they bring out complimentary mini cupcakes, even these were great.
4	I called here to make a reservation and there were plenty of options. I looked online prior to going and noticed they had a prix fixed menu option for $55. This included salad/soup, steak or fish, vegetable, dessert, and 2 glasses of wine. When I got to the restaurant I couldn't find this listed anywhere. I had to ask the waiter and after some hesitation he said "yes." I personally think specials should be included when your seated, but it seemed like they were hiding the fact it existed. My boyfriend had steak/lobster and I had the special. We both loved our meals! The service was pretty good! I would definitely go back.
1	I have no idea where to start; My boyfriend and I ate here on Saturday night, we were staying at the Palms, checked in late, it had been a long day , we decided since it was so  late we would ask the front desk at check-in how they felt about Nine Steakhouse and Nove Italiano, most seemed a little more pumped on Nine so we decided to give it a try, I really wanted to like this place based on the feedback we received at Check-in, but unfortunately I was utterly disappointed!!!!For starters we had the oysters on the half shell which was ok; the garnishes were a spicy cocktail sauce and some sort of wine sauce that you drizzle on the oyster, pretty good.Our waiter was somewhat pushy we had just received our glass of champagne to go with our oysters and he was ready to take our wine order and food order, let us enjoy one thing at a time! Can we savor the moment, please, since it would all go downhill after this! We placed our order:  Organic Fire Chicken for myself and My boyfriend had the 18oz Prime Bonein Ribeye (35 Day, Dry Aged). To share: Lobster Mashed Potatoes, Mac and Cheese and Garbage Salad, we were hungry! Organic Fire Chicken, the concept was good, I see where they were going with this, however the chicken was dry I paired this with a Merlot which was much needed to assist in washing down the dry chicken. Prime Bonein Ribeye steak - My boyfriends first thought I can cook a better steak, but whatever he takes it down no complaining, he hates complaining.  Lobster Mashed Potatoes - Way too fishy for my liking, didn't mesh well. Mac and Cheese - I've had WAY better, in fact my Mac n cheese is better!  Garbage Salad - wouldn't know, never received it! Basket of Bread - Full of Gnat Flies, two lingered around long enough to take a picture see in pictures #307We complained to the waiter on the things we were unhappy with and let him know we never got our salad, he said I'm sorry about that, we told him about the flies he said "I'm sorry about that, its summer". No buddy it feels like summer, it isn't summer yet!  Offers us a free entry to the Ghostbar, what a joke! We couldn't even get into the lounge "they were at capacity". Back in our room - my boyfriend starts feeling sick, next morning I'm vomiting!! Great, We've been food poisoned or picked up a bug from this place! Never would recommend this place to my worst enemy or set foot in this place ever again!!!!  Who is running this disgusting establishment? We should of spoke to a manager, but my boyfriend the guy who hates to complain preferred to pay our $246.00 tab and move on, well I can't move on especially when I am still grossed out on food 4 days later, so here I am on yelp! Just don't eat here, there is way better out there, trust me!
2	I have heard amazing things about this restaurant.  Not sure why everyone loves it so much.  The service was just okay (not horrible) not something you'd expect from a 5 star restaurant.  The biggest let down of all was having to settle for a regular bone in ribeye when I went for the signature dish (the one in all the marketing) 44oz bone in ribeye served on a bed of lobster Mac and cheese.  I was told they were sold out shocking as the restaurant was empty and it was only 6:00.  Skip this place there are many amazing places to eat in Las Vegas!
5	Two recent celebration meals here have confirmed my opinion that N9ne is my favorite Steakhouse in Vegas! In August, it was Diane's Birthday. Chef Barry made sure that everything from the moment we were greeted at the hostess desk to the last bite of our dessert was perfect! In April, it was my (late) birthday dinner and Chef Barry was unfortunately not there, but things were just as perfect! That is a sign of a well run, high quality establishment! Thank you Chef and all of the Staff at N9ne for making our celebrations so memorable!
3	Super expensive all side dishes are separate & $12-15 each. Food was good but just steak & not as good as Andre's on strip. Wont be back.
5	Great place to dine! Our waiter was everything I like in a waiter: knowledgable, courteous, funny, and attentive without being overbearing or the center of attention. The surf and turf is exquisite; the light truffle is paired very nicely with both the buttery lobster and tender filet. The lamb is cooked to perfection! Go for medium as suggested, anything more will be overdone, and their chops deserve better than that!I also very much enjoyed the lobster ravioli!
5	This place was awesome.  I took 8 oft friends and family here.  Everybody loved the food and drinks.  The steak was cooked perfect.   And my family and friend a had no complaints.   And OMG the smore's were amazing.  Can't wait to go back.  Thanks for the great work.
5	As usual chef Barry and his crew provide great food in a great atmosphere. Last night started with the oysters which tasted fresh. Next,  lobster bisque which was nice and creamy with plenty of lobster meat. For the main course,  bone in rib eye cooked perfectly with a side of lobster mashed potatoes. This is my second time eating here and both times were fantastic dining experiences.
4	Really good food and service. The boneless ribeye was to die for!
5	Chef Berry is one of Americas greatest chefs! Everything here is PERFECT and has been perfectly consistent for the last 3 years of dining here on trips to vegas. The staff is amazing, the wine selection stellar, the steaks perfect, the sides glorious and the dessert makes you say. Get out of my dreams and in to my car!
5	Great amount of food, nice and clean. Very good wine selections. Awesome and friendly service.I will definitely come back for our next trip to Vegas
2	Food is okay. Service is not good under this price.  I order one median rare 22oz prime Ribeye. They gave me one Well down. The server is not nice. Will not back to here anymore.
4	Steaks here are amazing.  They do a fabulous dry aged steak.  Fantastic service and ambiance.  Avoid the fish.  Hope you are getting casino comps cause it is pricey!
5	They have absolutely the best bone in ribeye in town hands down. Fun, trendy ambiance, stiff cocktails and prompt service.
2	Really pricey and the food was meh. Had the lobster pot stickers, were pretty flavorless and the Kobe burger didn't have much more flavor. Definitely won't be going here again. On the positive side the service was pretty attentive and friendly.
4	I love this place! I've been here a few times and never had a bad experience. I was going to give it 5 stars but got grossed out by the review showing the flies in the bread basket. My experience was great! Surf and turf and lobster mash potatoes are my fave!
5	Revamped menu, outstanding service and great atmosphere - not much has changed.  Our server Adrienne was outstanding and attentive and gracious.  The busboys and other guys were great as well.  We had the filet, the ribeye, the Dover sole special, garlic green breans with chili flakes, sauteed mushrooms, caesar salad and nice bottle of Cab.  Definitely will keep coming back.
5	Place is amazingly good on all levels. From reservations to hostess to waitstaff and the  food is to die for. I love a good steakhouse and this one is one of my top in Las Vegas Had lobster mac and cheese, onion soup, the surf and turf , rib eye was just delicious. The meat just melts in your mouth.  Dessert was the s'mores , which just ended the meal with a bang.Bill for two was well over $250  or maybe more but well worth the splurge. Great ambiance. Will be back
5	I had about 15 people with me for work. This place we dressed to the 9's and enjoyed every moment of it. It felt old school classic with a modern twist in my eyes. I absolutely loved it .. Umm surf and turf with upgrades I thinks so. Lobster mac and cheese ... Salivating hold on...Had a great time fantastic wait staff and amazing food. Try it. It's expensive but we all deserve a delicious expensive celebratory type meal.
5	AMAZING! The food and service were outstanding! My fiance and I came here for the first time and we absolutely loved it! We plan on making a second trip before our vacation is over!
1	Not sure if It was a bad night or what, but we came in on 6/21/14, which was a Saturday night.  It was kinda late, about 10 o'clock, so I will give them that, but still.  I ordered the "bone-in 35 dry aged rib eye"...I was so looking forward to this steak since I read the reviews before that this place was supposed to be amazing...man was I disappointed.  I ordered my steak medium rare, and it came out medium or so I thought, the sides were maybe medium but the middle was well done.  The steak was so charred, it tasted like they cooked it directly on wood briquettes...so I left my steak, not even worth taking and unfortunately the bus boy asked if I wanted a box and not our waiter...in fact our waiter didn't even ask us how our meal was. Oh well, I guess I won't be coming back here, live and learn.  I know, I should have told the waiter, but since I was taking my wife out on a date, I didn't want to be "that guy" who complains about his food...but looking back on it I really should have.  Btw, we also ordered the "smoked bacon caesar" salad, it was ok, bacon was too tough.  We also ordered the "creamed spinach", now that, I do have to say was good and we did take that with us when we left...
2	first, the front desk girls definitely need some serious social skills makeover. Not a very a happy bunch. Had a party of 8 and had loads of entrees and drinks. Food took almost 1.5 hrs to get to the table. A few items were a miss, 2 steaks were not cooked properly to desired temp and had to be sent back. I ordered the foie gras since we couldnt get it in CA. IT NEVER CAME.Would i ever come back? Not so sure anymore just with the service details, food mishaps, and overall ambience of my experience was hampered from the very start as i checked in. I walked out having to pay the MANDATORY 20% tip even feeling jipped. An expensive meal experience that does not deliver on value. Sorry guys.
5	WORLD CLASS RESTAURANT! A++++++- Servers and wait staff were very friendly and attentive - my wine glass was NEVER empty. KUDOS!- Not too dimly lit- Not pretentious, unlike other steakhouses I've been to- Perfect for a special celebration like a Bachelor/Bachelorette Party- Free entry to the Sky Bar (or whatever it's called) after you dine.- The BEST STEAK I've ever had. I ordered the bone-in ribeye for 68 bucks.  I wouldn't hesitate to order the same thing when I go back- The foie gras topping on the steak is pricey, but seriously so good. - Treat Yourself, don't cheat yourself!  You Won't Regret it.
5	Ordered the Ribeye for 2. We shared that and the iceberg wedge salad among 3 people and the portion was more than perfect. It was served on a large platter with the slab of meat already sliced. It also came with the lobster mac and cheese which had large chunks of lobster in it. It was creamy and delicious. The other half of the platter had a variety of veggies and greens that complimented the dish. The servers attending to us at the table were very friendly and that's always a plus in my book. Would definitely go back again.
4	So I went here for the first time with some Meetup groups for #Ladiesbelike $9.00 menu night. The place was really pretty & cozy. Food was amazing except for the Barry's Steak. So there was apx 18 of us ladies who had small tables reserved for us (not dinning tables) we were greeted shortly after we arrived & we all got a free glass of champagne that was delicious! Nice & sweet, the way I like it. We had the special menu that had a couple $5.00 drinks on it. Unfort. none of them were drinks I like to drink so I was kinda bummed out that I couldn't get my drinks for $5.00. The menu also included some $9.00 entree's (see photos). I ordered the Lobster Pot Stickers which were really good & packed full with Lobster. There was no skimping here. Came in a cute dish & had a tasty butter dipping sauce that may of had some lemon flavoring in it. I also ordered the Barry's Steak Medium Rare but it came out medium, I suppose it may be hard to cook a 3oz steak to temperature but I had to send it back & the next one that came out was cooked more to temperature but found the meat chewy with a few strands of fat in it. My friend let me try her N9NE Rock Shrimp which was also good  & had two dipping sauces, one was a little hot that left a bite in your mouth afterwards. She got the garbage salad & said it was really good. There were no left overs on our plates! Our waiter was amazing!! Robert was his name, he took good care of us girls (I'm sure he didn't mind either...lol) he had everything under control & made sure we were all good. Only problem was the food took forever to come out. I felt like we waited 45 minutes for it. Luckily the food was good & I was able to get my cocktails from the bar taken care of due to my steak being overcooked. Thank you for that!!There were some staff in the dinning room area wearing white suit jackets, when I first saw someone in one I thought I was in a spa. I didn't think they looked good & were a little tacky. Definitely didn't go with the restaurant ambiance or the other staff members who didn't have to wear them. Maybe time to throw the jackets away?I definitely will rant & rave about this Wednesday special & be back! Thanks Robert!!!
4	1st time here, won't say the steak was anything to brag about neither the pepper sauce they make. I ordered a filet mignon well done. Cooked well, bland on flavor. Some type of seared butterfly shirmp, pretty flavorful. The mac n cheese was amazing. Definitely the netter part of my evening.  For dessert had banana cream pie I would recommend that as well. As far as the staff they were ok. Checked in with us quite a few times which is always good. And they kept the refills coming without having to be chased down. For a party of two we spend 212 and that doesn't include any alcohol beverages
4	Went last night with hubby for an early dinner. If anything was lacking, I don't know what that would be. The dinner was perfect from appetizers to entrees with enough food that the dessert wasn't necessary. I am not a chef and no, I don't eat at all the great places but I do enjoy and evening out now and then that doesn't include golden arches. This was universes away from that. The waiter, Andrew,  and the server were both kind and neither made us feel out of place which can  and does happen at some places. Well done Andrew-I  hope you go far!The food was great! My medium rare tenderloin was just that and my hubbys' medium tenderloin was done to perfection. The lobster mashed potatoes were something you'd like to eat every day if only there weren't doctors.  The service was on par with enough time for eating and enjoying before the next course was brought out. Never felt rushed even though later in the meal the place was stating to get busier.As a local I can say I would pick this place again. There may be other steakhouses in town with celebrity chefs and perhaps they are better. I wouldn't know, haven't been to them. I'm not even sure if I would have the palate education to make a comparison  of the best. I just know I liked this and hubby and I agreed while we couldn't do this every weekend, we may do this more in the future as the prices were within reason for the great food we received, and the excellent service.
5	What a pleasant surprise to see that N9NE is still as good a steakhouse as it ever was.  It was my first visit in over 10 years and my group (of 10) was worried that this not new steakhouse lost its touch.  Thankfully, we were very wrong.We were seated promptly, by a very sweet hostess.  Our server came by pretty quickly to hand out menus,  talk about specials, and take drink orders.  I could not believe how quickly our drinks were made and delivered.  It was a Sat. night and the restaurant was busy.  Drinks were great, strong, and nicely presented.  We ordered some apps for the table that were excellent (lobster potstickers for the win).  I got through 85% of my drink when I noticed a a crack down the side of my glass.  I showed our server just for info sake, and he quickly grabbed it and replaced it with a fresh one, on him.  Soon after we finished our apps, the entrees came.  DE-LICIOUS!! Four of us shared the tomahawk chop that was really for 2.  The sides were excellent and the service was sharp and professional.  I highly recommend for Vegas steak lovers.
5	My boyfriend and I came here with another couple on Saturday night after seeing Russell Peters (awesome!) and have an amazing meal!  First, I must say that the service was impeccable!  Staff was extremely friendly and professional and the service was pretty fast!  Our waiter was very classy and I love that he knew to ask the ladies for their orders first.  We ordered the Ribeye dinner for 2 and it was unlike anything I've ever seen!  A huge 40 oz ribeye on a platter served with lobster mac and cheese and season vegetables.  At first I was giong to ask to substitute the veggies because I was expecting your typical zuchinni and squash but I was very pleasantly surprised!  Our veggies were a large serving of grilled asparagus(done to perfection), shallots, and mushrooms.  It was such a perfect combination!  I didn't care too much for the mac n cheese but I do have to say there were some big chunks of lobster in there.  I just felt that the cheese was too cheesy LOL.  The only thing I wish they did differently was I wish they did not preslice our steak.  I can understand why they did it since it was one large steak meant to feed two people but it really did leave the steak a bit dry.  They served it with a cab sauce but for me, I really prefer my steaks with all of it's own flavor and juices.  They also served this with two bone marrows. AWESOME!!  It was the perfect touch!The atmosphere is very nice.  Smaller than I expected but still very trendy and nice.  This is definitely a trendy and upscale restaraunt so dress to the n9ne. LOL.Overall, I would definitely be back.
5	Here in Vegas for a weekend escape, grown & sexy needed some steak.  I searched yelp and looked for my Elite comrades to lead me to the promised land.  Bam!  They lead me to the Palms Casino to N9ne Steakhouse.We walked in on a muggy Sunday nite, hostess was friendly but I must admit the club - style decor thru me off.  It just didn't feel like a steakhouse, but that's just my previous steakhouse experiences clouding my judgement.  But the lighting was weirdly fluorescent dim like a murder might take place but the space is spread out nicely.  On the positive side there was lots of elbow room here, not all cramped in a musty old dining room.  Waiter was real chill and helpful.  And the food?  The ribeye steak was cooked to PERFECTION.  The mac and cheese was great and so was the bread basket.  Honestly, the steak is up there with Mastro's and that says a lot!  I will come back here for sure when I want a steak in Vegas.  Don't bother going anywhere else.
4	Went for the $9 menu night for dinner. We sat at the bar and at first the service was poor. The one bartender made us feel like he didn't want to serve us. We ordered drinks and were ready to order dinner but we had to call him back so we could place it since he never asked. I ordered a drink on the $5 menu and it came to me only partially filled and no garnish. Luckily Robert took over from there and the rest of the night involved great service and wonderfully tasting food
5	Holy crap! Truffles. I don't need to say anything BUT truffles. This food is so excellent I almost want to pull my eyes out of their sockets. My salmon was perfect. The truffle fries and truffle gnocchi are to die for. Come here very very hungry!
5	Went to n9ne on recommendation of a few travel blogs suggesting it over some of the strip steakhouses. Good recommendation. Prix fix was pretty good and came with two glasses of wine for 59. Steak was cooked great and had wonderful flavor. Anniversary and when you tell them on your reservation - they give your party a glass of champagne.
4	Food is amazing the only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because of customer service. The first time I was blown away with a guy named ray I think, the second time was terrible from the hostesses and our server was just as bad. Both times I had to get surf and turf. The food is just melt in your mouth and you never want the experience to end. The desserts didn't impress me as far as taste, (both visits) but presentation is always on point. Our hostess this past time misplaced out reservation somehow and we had to wait forever and we were celebrating a special occasion (like I called ahead and specified).. this was never recognized neither by the hostess, obviously, nor the server even after mentioning it.
2	Considering all the good reviews I'm guessing i messed up and went on the wrong night??? My friend and I went on a Monday Night (This is probably where we went wrong, and none of the good chefs were there?). Place looks really nice, however the food was mediocore at best. For spending over $400 on 2 steaks, an appetizer and a few drinks the food was completely tasteless and the steaks were overcooked.
5	My husband and I went to N9NE last night and it was fabulous! The restaurant is romantic and very sexy in decor. The music was a great mix of 80's and the wait staff was dressed in white suit jackets. The wait staff went above and beyond to make sure we were catered to. I asked for a drink that wasn't on the menu and they went out of their way to make it for me. My husband and I had salads, lobster bisque, onion soup, rib-eyes, creamed spinach and flour-less chocolate cake. They bread basket that they provided us was a delicious mix of pretzel bread, garlic bread and these fabulous small muffins. We are really picky about food and every entree hit the mark. The steak was FANTASTIC. N9NE is now one of my top favorite nice restaurants. I can't wait to go back.
5	UNBELIEVABLE.This place is pricey, but when it comes to fine dining, you get what you pay for.  Ordered the oyster appetizer, Ribeye, all 4 sauces, asparagus, mac-n-cheese, wasabi carrot soup shot, misc drinks...left here fully satisfied.All-in-all it was great food, great staff, and nothing but first class dining.
5	Awesome. Expensive and worth it.Best dining experience in years. Perfect steak, great waiter.
4	Nice modern decor, well placed tables, and a diverse menu of meats and sides. My baseball steak with lobster was pitch perfect, as well as the house corn and asparagus.
3	Came here on a Wednesday night for a birthday...Hearts of palm salad: If you like hearts of palm..then this is for you. $15..nothing specialFilet Mignon: $51 or something like that. Filling but wasn't impressive. I was eating it...and thought..hmmm...Mastro's is better. No no...Cut is better...No no..Flemming's is better. Get my drift? Top sirloin: $60 something-Medium rare-overcooked. Meat wasn't impressive. I expected it to melt in my mouth or just be really delicious I do my Yummy dance...but it really was just mediocre. Some parts were dry I had to spit it back out. Lobster Mashed Potatoes: thumbs up. Lots of lobster bits in the mash and it was rich with flavor.Smores: A fun way to end a meal with everyone roasting their marshmallows on a stick and sandwiching them in pre-chocolate dipped cookies. This was the best part of the mealCocktails: Apple Martini was very good..tart, sweet but not too sweet. The first one was a tad too sweet for me and I let the bartender know, and she kindly made me a new one which was perfect. Decor: very modern, sleek and pretty. Great date spot but not so much for the food. I went in a party of five...and all five of us said "should've went to the buffet instead." Oof. The only good thing about this place was their mixed bread basket. : / Fine dining fail. Been to better places in Vegas. Never again.
5	Always amazing! Just hoping they will bring back the original gnocchi that's amazing. We were lucky enough to get some of the last they had. Always a great place to go and service is always amazing!!!
4	N9ne steakhouse exceeded my expectations service was fabulous ridiculously pricey but hey you only live once.
5	I'm going to do my best not to drop a bunch of F bombs writing this review, but Nine Steakhouse in the Palms is Fn Amazing! We pretty much set it up for failure by overhyping it before each time we visit, and it still never disappoints.There is no better dinner on the planet. Went for my wife's bday. I didn't even tell the wait staff. I think I might have mentioned it when I put in our reservations. They put us in a 4-6 person booth, just the two of us. Brought us champaign, some carrot ginger soup (amazing), and dessert on the house. We always get the rib eye...one of those F bombs goes here...incredible. I eat mine charred rare so that I don't have to share, which would be useless because she finishes her own 22 oz. The potato gnocchi is different, but still amazing. I did like the original better. The lobster mac...insert expletive here.Just go and experience this.
2	steaks were good, sort of expensive, about $10 more than Mastros for example. Scene is not what it was in years past.  Used to be a cool, hip spot with a fun bar.  Not anymore.  OK spot if you are staying at Palms, there are better choices on the strip if you are not.
5	Excellent steak, oysters Rockefeller were a knock out. The service was absolutely fabulous at the bar. Special thanks to Jasmine.
5	Very good food and service!
5	Expensive? Yes. But everything that's good in vegas is. Good spot off the strip, nice ambiance, great menu selection. Great craft cocktails. Steaks were excellent, as promised. The seafood options tasted very fresh, and presentation was overall great. If you are at the palms and want "good" food. This is your best option
5	Absolutely my favorite steak place in vegas. Lobster bisque is "come in your pants" good. Yep, that good. Lobster mash, also quite delightful. Cowboy ribeye, solid. Love this place; never miss this place when I go to Vegas.
5	Had the absolute BEST SERVICE tonight!!! Zach was AMAZING!!!! The food was incredible, they definitely know how to make your night. The 16 ounce bone in filet mignon is heavenly. I highly recommend this place. When you go, ask for Zach!
2	Had their surf n turf. Though not bad, found it very unimpressive. Just a restaurant filled with poser faces.
5	A group of us attended a birthday dinner at Nine. This is a sexy restaurant located in the Palms Hotel. We made a reservation and were seated on time. We enjoyed our white table cloth service. Our waiter was friendly and professional. The cocktails were delightful! My cucumber martini was perfect! I shared the yelp pics and reviews with everyone so that we could decided what to order. Because the sides feed 2-3 people, we were able to sample many.I was surprised to heard hip hop music played during dinner but we loved it! No one ordered dessert because we were full from the entree.
5	Phenomenal. That pretty much sums up my experience.I wanted to take my boyfriend someplace nice for dinner while we were in Vegas because it was his birthday. He suggested N9ne because he remembered going years ago and having an exceptional meal. Our visit this time around was no different.We ordered steak, prawns, and shared a couple sides. The food was absolutely amazing, as were my cocktails. Our server was great. I gestured to him that its was my BF's birthday and later that everning he brought a complimentary dessert platter.It was a Wednesday night and the place was not too crowded. I like a very lively atmosphere so that was kind of a bummer...I will be back again.
4	Nine was luckily able to accommodate our party of 12 with super last minute reservations. We called around 8:30 pm after we were too late to make our original reservations somewhere else. We were able to come in by 9 pm and got seated right away.Our server was very professional and knowledgeable about the menu. He informed us of any specials and suggestions he had. We ordered our drinks right away and had two orders each of the tuna tartar and calamari to share with the table. The tuna tartar was served with avocado, very fresh and tasty. The calamari was good, but nothing too special aside from being served with slices of peppercinis and jalapeno for an extra spice.The entrees took some time to come out, which was fine since we were enjoying ourselves plus it was expected. But once they finally came out, they were all juicy and so flavorful looking. I didn't ask for extra sauce on mine, but towards the end I feel like I should have. I had the 8 oz filet mignon cooked medium rare. The meat wasn't exactly melt in your mouth soft, but it was tasty. Everyone seemed to enjoy their plates and we also ordered some sides to share including creamed spinach, potatoes au gratin, and fries.I was already full with a quarter of my filet still left and none of us had room for dessert. The bill was estimated around $100 per person, which is pretty average at a steakhouse considering we had 2 bottles of wine and all the sides + apps additional to our plates. It wasn't the best cut of meat I've had, but the dining experience in all was enjoyable and the service was really great.
5	I've eaten at allot of Steakhouses around the country and had a great experience at 9. It was awesome listening to Marley, The Red Hot Chilli Peppers, and the Violent Femmes while eating an excellent aged bone in Ribeye. Beautiful ambiance GM Jeff Evans came by and introduced himself. I will definitely be back please don't change a thing.
5	I have got to say wonderful service. Very classy. Quite expensive but you get what you pay for.Came for a birthday celebration but come all the time, always great people & great service. I love being spoiled, & that's exactly what I get here.
4	For many years this has been my favorite steakhouse in Vegas.  It's not your typical steakhouse -- it has a much hipper vibe (almost like a nightclub atmosphere), but always wows with delicious food and great service.  Portions are huge -- we shared a New York strip and some sides. The broccolini and truffle fries were perfectly prepared.  They have great salads too.The bread plate was also really decadent and special.My only complaints are: a) the scene at the Palms is not what it used to be, though it was a quiet night when we went this time, and b) the wine list is ridiculous overpriced, even by Vegas standards.Ask your server for special entry to Ghostbar after dinner!
5	I have been here serval times and have ways had a good experience. I've hosted a girls night here and the chef sent us some great platters to share! I also had my surprise party here, the food was amazing! The staff was amazing and the managers/chef really took care of us. I just had my christmas eve dinner here and everything  was amazing! I come all the time and am a huge fan of the food and the service!
5	We enjoyed a birthday dinner here and had an all around great experience.  The server Robert was very friendly and attentive.  The atmosphere was contemporary classic and very luxurious.  I normally go for chairs over booths but went booth-side this time so my back wasn't to the room, it was a very comfortable seat.The Grub:We started with some Lobster pot stickers and complementary champagne.  Very good quality lobster.  I also enjoyed a Sangria cocktail.My favorite cut of steak is the Rib Eye so I went with the 45 day dry aged bone in rib eye and a loaded backed potato.  Very delicious, very filling.  the dry aged meat offers a nice little kick for your taste buds.She had a Kobe Burger and this thing was giant.  I liked the presentation for this dish the most as the fries were stacked like a Janga Tower.  I sampled some of the ground kobe beef and it was very juicy and succulent.At this point we were too stuffed for dessert, but the waiter treated me to a special alcoholic espresso shot, great end to the meal.
4	The environment was pretty casual for a steak house, which I like. Our server, Robert, was very nice and attentive. He took his time to explain to us about different cuts and made some suggestions. We were going to order the      44oz. PRIME RIBEYE TOMAHAWK FOR TWO to share but looking at us, he thinks that would be too much meat. And he was right, we ended up with the 22oz. PRIME BONE-IN RIBEYE to share and still can't finish it. We also had the King Crab Stuff Mushroom, best stuff mushrooms ever! A side order of Truffle Fries, it's huge and we only ate about 1/4 of it. And the Lobster Mash Potato is a must try. We had it at Mastro's before but we both think the N9NE version is better. It's not as oily an it had a Lobster Bisque sauce on top. Overall, we had a fantastic night and would be back in the future for some more good food.
5	Best steak I've ever had. Me and the boyfriend shared a 22 ounce ribeye with horseradish. So delicious!!!! Ahi tuna tartare was great. Fries were good. Service was great. Pricey but worth it every once in a while!
4	FABULOUS!! The ambiance is very hip, modern and elegant. its not your typical gaudy Las Vegas glitz, very comfortable. This restaurant is not for the faint of heart monetarily, it's quite pricey, however the food is well worth the cost.  The pretzel rolls are to die for and the garbage salad is great! We opted for the price fixed menu at 60.00 p/person because we had the children with us. This menu had good selections and an additional appetizer surprise from the chef. Outstanding!This menu included wine parings with each course, here's where  they fell short of perfection. We were never offered our wine, never. We finally asked at the end of the meal about the wine, she casually brushed it off and offered a glass when dinner was finished.  To me, customer service would dictate offering an after dinner cognac or port, or at the very least an admission of error, but nothing was done about it. Don't let that stop you from going, if you choose price fixed just stay on top of your main server.  I would definitely go back, the food us fantastic, service is good, and ambiance is great, if not for the wine pairings, they would have gotten 5 stars from me.
4	YUM, YUM, YUM !!!!! Great steak restaurant, a must stop for visitors & locals. To start off, the foie gras was one of the Best that I've ever had ... AWESOME !!!!!Our dry aged rib eye steak & tomahawk was seasoned and cooked to perfection. Party of 8, everyone loved everything. Desserts:  creme brulee, s'mores donuts and cheesecake where clearly created by a pastry MASTER.Music was pumping great tunes. At one point a few tables began to sing the song that was playing. Our server,  Andrea was on point all evening ;)My only complaint was the amuse bouche ( chicken salad on a crostini) Boring & way to salty ... I would have  expect more for New Years Eve menu.AND, The decor looked like they turned a mall food court/wedding hall into an restaurant.
4	Always good seafood and raw bar as fresh as your children's mouth; crowded and noisy but never a disappointment
4	The crab soup was awesome, with saffron and just delicious. The lunch of fresh fish was also wonderful. Their seafood was very fresh and they made me a whisky smash to start off, which was also great.
4	The choice of oysters is amazing. Bread basket looks freshly baked or at least freshly heated and it is awesome. I personally had a sea bass. It was good but the portion was small. Shrimp fettucine was delicious but expect it to be heavy. Fries are excellent. I ended with a coconut panna cotta with fresh fruits and it was very good as well. Nice place in Soho with good service.
5	Came here on a Thursday night and it wasn't too crowded. We were seated practically right away but we were shown to our seats before it was ready (twice that happened). The busboys were still in the process of cleaning the tables.
4	Take my family here every thursday, and they absolutley love it! My daughter loves the rib tips and my youngest loves the chicken alfredo. Me and the wife on the other hand just needs a medium well steak and a glass of white zenfendel! A must try if u live in Las Vegas, NV or if your visiting
4	We landed in N9NE Steakhouse without my luggage and took an insane taxi ride to the hotel. After check-in we were looking for somewhere to eat that was close to the hotel. N9NE Steakhouseis a large restaurant that is well decorated. We got a second floor seat looking out over Michigan Ave. Our server, Pablo, was excellent. He provided suggestions of favourite dishes in each category on the large menu.
5	Whenever I come to Vegas it is mandatory that I have dinner at 9 steakhouse! Not just because it is headed by one of the coolest most talented chefs on the planet, or thats on just about every night of the week this place is packed with celebrities, Hall of Fame baseball players, top musicians, other top chefs not to mention this is one of Floyd Mayweather's favorite restaurants. The food here is out of this world!!! The new ambiance will make you feel like you and your party are the only ones in the room. I definitely recommend becoming a member at 9 steakhouse!
4	Probably the best steak I ever had. Cooked perfectly. Atmosphere was casual and the music was modern with some eighties thrown in. Cheesecake was amazing!!!!! Our waiter was friendly and so was staff. Would give 5 stars but the menu was sort of pricey and the wine list was really pricey. Overall I would suggest having dinner here to celebrate or share a special evening with friends.
4	I got to try N9NE out on someone else's dime.  The place is sheek, upscale, but not too pretentious.  Service was awesome as we had one server concentrating on drinks, a server focused on food, and a busser in charge of clearing the settings.We were provided a pre-fix menu, which included an apettizer of popcorn shrimp, a salad, a selection of a handful of entrees and dessert.  The starter and dessert courses were fine... nothing outstanding. For my entree, I chose the kobe burger.  I don't think I'd ever pay $30 bucks for a burger but again, someone else was footing the bill.  It was one of the best burgers I've consumed.  The kobe beef was paired with maytag cheese, and thick cut smoked applewood bacon.  This burger was bold... melt in your mouth good.  One oddity was their preparation of the Old Fashioned that I was drinking.  The orange wasn't muddled as typically prepared.  Instead, the full slice of orange was stuck horizontally in the middle of the glass making consuming the cocktail precarious.  Not a deal-breaker, but it was the first time I've experienced this.Anyway, I enjoyed my meal here.  Service was awesome, and I got to eat one of the best burgers I've ever tried.
5	Happy 5 year anniversary to me and my beau! And this was the perfect place to celebrate it at!We got seated with Sandy (Thanks Carl I.). She was amazing, she really hooked it up! We decided to start out with Moscow Mules. Best moscow mules ever! They bring out a copper cup with vodka and the ginger beer bottle and pour it in front of you. Oh how I love ginger beer! Sandy also brought us out some toasting champagne. Cheers to another 5 years!Cesar salad came out with some bread. The bread was so good. It was different kinds. I picked up one that had onions inside the bread oh that was really good! Only thing I didn't like about the salad was it had big chunks of bacon. Like really BIG fatty bacon! Another round of moscow mules and champagne...My eyes watered when our food came out. I got the Surf and Turf -- 8oz filet mignon, Maine lobster on top with white truffle aioli and it laid on some Bomb mashed potatoes. Or I think it was mashed potatoes! The meat was cooked with absolute perfection. The lobster was not minimal but a lot and paired well with the aioli sauce. My mouth waters as I write this review. The beau got the 18oz bone in ribeye that had been dry aged for 35 days! It was ginormous! I don't know how he finished that thing! We also got the Lobster Mashed Potatoes as our side. Yes I know.. Lobster again!! Yes lobster again! I love lobster. Best decision yet! Because that dish was so fantastically delicious! Again, there was loads of lobster. Next time I'm gonna get the Lobster Mac N Cheese! We were absolutely full. But Sandy brought us out some dessert! Smores! They brought out a small fire stove device, crackers with dark & white chocolate, marshmallows and sticks! we had a mini campfire at our table. Stay with caution though because I almost burned the restaurant down twice. I'm exaggerating! Overall, a great anniversary dinner. Thank you N9NE, thank you Sandy, thank you Carl I., and Thank you to my beloved beau for the amazing night! Can't wait to come back!
5	WOW.I Started with the lobster bisque, the presentation was fantastic only to be beat by how flavorful the soup was. I followed up with the Japanese A5 Kobe, the knife practically melted through the cut from weight alone. The steak was soft and full of flavor, each bite better than the last. As a side I went with the Hot Potatoes Au Gratin, ...down right delicious the potatoes complemented the steak perfectly with just the right amount of heat. My Guest got the Colorado Lamb Chops and I couldn't help but take taste. Let me start off by saying that lamb is one of my absolute favorite meats and let me finish that by saying that they perfected it. The meat was tender and juicy, the crust was the perfect buttery addition. " I'LL BE BACK"
