3	Matthew probably missed the classy wannabe strippers that graced the poles last night. Entertaining since you can tell they were trying to eat up attention and one up each other. One bitch does a trick, the next one wants to climb to the fucking roof and drop down backwards. If only the same kind of payment (attention) works at strip clubs, I might frequent them or come here for amateur night. I think the key thing for me was I was NOT feeling the music. The BF and I are music lovers and he DJs so we know we are nitpicky bitches, but c'mon he's getting paid for a subpar job. Fool, I dont even know half of what's in our music room, but I know when it's not mixing right. He botched my favorite song of the night- Steve Aoki's remix of Kid Kudi- Pursuit of Happiness....Mixed out before the best part and mixed into some odd sample saying "In Da House" before quick mixing/botching into another Steve Aoki song "with Zuper Blahq (It's WIll.I.Am in a black outfit and mask)  called I'm In Da House. Duddee... you do know Steve is the resident here on Fridays, right? Do his songs a justice!Encore Beach Club is gorgeous so I will just sit outside cuz I'm not feeling the decor inside Surrender. I thought with the apple and snake it was going to be a lush oasis, Adam&Eve kinda Utopia that opens up to a beautiful pool. I just think they could have thought out the decor better and made it mesh more with the Beach Club because to me, doesn't make too much sense. Soft pinks and oranges outside and then dark heavy golds and crimsons in here?  It didn't look like "Surrender" lushness I imagined, looks more like snake themed titty bar with the abundance of poles. I will however be back for Steve Aoki. He is the homeboy from LA, the Dim Mak Man so I'll give you a three simply since he's the resident on Fridays.
5	Surrender Night Club was the hottest place to be during Memorial Day weekend in Vegas! I had the pleasure of experiencing this nightclub during my Memorial Day weekend trip. I must say that this is probably the best nightclub I have ever seen! The club itself is outdoors with several indoor/outdoor VIP sections. The outdoor VIP sections consist of huge beds overlooking the view of the nightclub. I went on Sunday night and I was able to see several celebrities. I saw Paris Hilton, watched LMFAO perform and I even saw Steve Wynn. It was an amazing night! The music was very good as well. The DJ was spinning all of the hottest hits! The staff were extremely kind and hospitable. My group and I were able to sit on top of the VIP beds and be served, we were granted access to the VIP area and got in for free. They also have unlimited re-entries into the night club. We were able to leave for an hour to grab a bite to eat and come back. =P Thank goodness for re-entry privileges! It was an amazing night and I encourage everyone to come and try this night club out!
4	Maybe I only enjoyed this place because I got a limo ride to the hotel and we had a table at the club but I had a great time! It was beautiful there with the pool all lit up and Ne-Yo performed because the club just opened Memorial Day weekend. I left my camera and it took a couple of phone calls to get it traced but customer service was pretty nice and they are mailing it to me since I faxed in my photo ID.
5	love. love. LOVE!I'm sure I'll be spending my summer at the Wynn and Encore. With the likes of XS, Surrender, and Encore Beach Club maybe the hotel NEEDS to build a bigger parking garage (Where's the suggestion box??!???!)Luckily, I got invited to the soft opening; and all the drinks were open bar everything...everything??!! You know I had my Grey Goose on the rocks numerous times. INSANE considering all the people in there.Surrender has that XS effect of "WOWWWWWWWW" when you first walk in...but, with a Moroccan, outdoorsy feel =) I think the ladies of Sex and the City should've just filmed the movie here, instead of Abu Dhabi....jussss sayin' :p hahaThe thing that makes Surrender stand out from all other clubs are the people that work there...THEY ARE ALL REALLY NICE! At one point, I was standing in the middle of the entrance with a friend and a worker tapped my shoulders and said, "Excuse me, my name is ___ and if you need anything just ask..." I was like, "Oh...ohkay,? Thank you!"Sure, they're nice because you're spending money there and that's they're job but, seems like all the workers I passed by said 'hi' or 'hello' to me...it was kind of odd...but, refreshing!!!!!! Like every single person/customer in there was important!SAMPS THIS CLUB!!!!!!!
5	Newest "night club" in Vegas but I consider it more of an uber super ultra lounge.  Why? There's not much room to dance! The "dance floor" area is small. I didn't even bother to try going in that area, most of it was roped off for LMFAO and Paris Hilton (*barf*)  There were lots of stripper poles in there though. *shrugs*When you first get there, the actual lines are completely different. The VIP/table service line and general admission are very far apart from each other (allllll the way at the end of a long hall...not very stiletto friendly so ladies, DRINK UP) It was Memorial Day Weekend when I was there, $50 for males $30 for females. Acceptable in my book since other clubs were charging $100 for males?! No thanks. They did start charging $100 at a certain point but I think after they hit a certain capacity? When you walk in, you're just awestruck in all its lush, beautifully lit glory. It has the same "WOW" factor as XS, but it just seems soooo much more posh. 2 levels of big spacious white cabanas with coral-red interior, a large shallow pool with stripper poles in the middle, surround lighting that changes to the beat of the music, and EXCELLENT staff. An important thing to know: NO DANCING IN THE POOL ALLOWED.  No dancing on top of the lounge chairs located in the pool either. HOWEVER, the bouncers are very courteous when they kick you off. If you ask nicely, they'll let you quickly snap a photo before kicking you out/off. I watched them do it all night long, and they were always nice. Who knows, maybe this will change later on? I can't wait to come back here in July!! I'm also definitely going to hit up  Beach Club since i'll be staying here at Encore..We'll see how it differs in the day, but definitely loving this spot.
4	So, the club has been open for a week and I've been there 5 times total....call me Surrendered OUT!Another great thing about the club is that the gogo dancers, ACTUALLY, DANCE! And know how to!!!! lol They aren't these fake boobed out girls just there to giggle and show some T and A....these girls are fit and you can tell....I swear, these girls did some yoga poses that made me go "Whoa, did she just bend that way???!" AMAZEBALLS.
3	This place felt more like a lounge than it did a club.  The majority of the club is water (the pool) with walkways that run from one side of the club to the other, which could pose as a problem for drunk people.  I was seriously waiting for someone to fall into the pool.There isn't much room to dance since it's more of a place to stand around and talk.  There is a sectioned off area that is their club area.  There are bouncers there that will say it's a private party, but I just told them I had friends inside and they opened the rope.  The place was not too bad.  I felt like the crowd was generally around the 30s range.  If I'm going to go out and about in vegas, I would prefer to go to another place like XS.  Maybe when i'm passed the clubbing age, this is somewhere you'll find me.
2	Came to Encore Beach Club and Surrender's pre-opening party about a week ago. Surrender was unfortunately the worst part of the night for me. First of all, when walking in here I had no idea it was a separate club because it was SO TINY. I thought it was an off-shoot of the Beach Club since it has a large bar area there, but nope it's a separate club. I don't think I have ever seen a club this small, it's gotta be less than 2500 square feet. The decor is nice and the set-up is decent, but it gets very packed very quickly. The DJ though... my god. I don't think I have ever been so bored at a club in my life, and  I wasn't the only one because NO ONE was dancing. I guess since it was a pre-opening that the crowd just did not care to have a good time which is not the fault of the club but the music definitely could have given it a boost. I wanted to dance but the music was terrible to get my groove on to. I don't think I would come here when it is fully open - maybe to the beach, but not this club. And they definitely need a DJ who can keep a crowd interested. Overall I was not too impressed even if it was beautiful.
3	Someone told me that I was too generous with my 4-or-5-star reviews, so I figured I'd switch it up. (I like writing positive reviews though!)My friends and I decided to check out Surrender on Friday night because it was supposedly the "next big thing" in Vegas. Well...I'll start with the good stuff: it was really pretty - especially the pool area - and I bet the daytime beach parties are crazy fun. As a nightclub, though...I don't think I'll be going back. First of all, the indoor area is tiny. (Yes, my memory of that part of the night is slightly hazy, but I double-checked with my friends and everyone agreed!) Since the indoor area is so small, we ended up spending most of our time outside being blown away by the wind. Words can't describe how windy it was, so I posted a picture instead.I wanted to give Surrender two stars, but I can't really give a 2-star rating to a club that has DJs like Steve Aoki and Kaskade. Plus, the outdoor area really is pretty, so I guess this place is worth checking out. Once.
5	The best new club in Vegas. If you're in Sin City ONLY goto Tao, XS, and Surrender. The rest don't even compare. Where else can you party indoors and outdoors all in one. Stay away from the heat at the pool and bring your trunks for the late night pool party Thursdays. Don't forget, World Famous DJ Kaskade is the resident DJ on Sunday afternoons!
4	I'm usually not the type for booshe clubs but this time around I had a great time.  For a friend's bday, we got bottle service at the indoor portion of the club (i must add it was in a prime location).   The waitresses and host were real nice and pretty.  I even came across some of the old bouncers i knew from Prive (btw, Prive was my shit, don't care what the yelp reviwers say, most people don't know how to club it up in vegas anyways...GET BOTTLE SERVICE!!)Anyways i digress...If you're a girl, you probably just wanna get in the club for a small fee or wut not and try to get the idiots there to get you gals drinks...more power to you!...me n friends fortunately enough like to do it big in vegas and this table service at Surrender definately is on my top 3 of service.  Number one rule in vegas, take care of everyone...and money talks...don't get me wrong, i'm not a rich guy, but if you're going to vegas in a budget and plan to go clubbin...you might as well stay in your hometown and find a club there...YOU'RE IN VEGAS...GO BIG OR GO HOMEanyways i digress once again...the women are beautiful...typical vegas prices on drinks....not as booshe as XS.  The music was blah...but the setting and enviorment defiantely made up for it.  If you like all that rap mixed with trance music then you'll LOVE this place.  I actually rolled to this place with some ghetto folks and they had a very teeny amount of hip hop (snoop and dre)....from wut i heard through the grape vine...Vegas clubs are trying to be more Jersey Shorish rather than hip hop dancing (which is going to actract booshe ass jersey shorish people haha....note: I'm not hatin on the jersey shore)....Defiantely check this place out...get bottle service here....if you can't afford it, don't come, if you wanna come but can't afford it, then save and plan accordingly.
4	Short lineGirls are freeStrict on guy shoes (so SUIT UP!!)View is gorgeous right when you enter the club (mostly outside). Love this place! Not much room to dance but I feel like a lot of clubs in LV are like that anyway. They have a bouncer for the dance floor (strictly for bottle service only) but you can always find a way to get in. We did.XS music :[ Played hip-hop for what seemed only 20min. But still had fun! Definitely will be back!
4	Partied at Surrender during Memorial Day weekend was crazily fun, especially we had bottle service, and a super nice hostess! The outdoor pool area was classy and nice. The music reminds me of XS, which I like! :) Also, LMFAO and Paris Hilton were there that night!!
4	I'm not a big fan of clubs, but I was very impressed with Surrender.  Having a large group to party with doesn't hurt, either. We went on a Friday night, and much to my surprise, the line was short. Cover is $30 for girls and $40 for guys.The view is incredible.  It's mostly outdoors...the beautifully lit pool with a walkway is the focal point.  There was an outdoor room with a bar and several table games. Across from it was a small, indoor dance area with several poles and another bar. There are plush sofas scattered throughout the club.  Surrender is a must if you're looking for a new spot and can't stand the line or pretentiousness at XS.
4	Unlike most of the Yelp reviewers before me, I had to wait a good 45 minutes before getting in.  I assume this is because the Kardashians had an event here this past Saturday.  Cover was $40 for girls and $50 for guys.  Luckily, our group was on the guest list and the girls got in for free.Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if Surrender eventually became the new XS.  Similar to XS, there's a gorgeously lit pool with modest water fountains that served as the centerpiece of the nightclub.  The music varied from hip hop, house, pop, and even remixed oldies. If size matters to you ;) you should know that Surrender is the petite version of XS.  The club setup is slightly awkward -- with the pathways, dance floors, and bars all encompassing the pool area.  There's limited space to dance and walk with a high probability of falling in the pool if you're utterly intoxicated!  However, it's great being able to discreetly dip your sore, swollen feet in the cool water after dancing your heart out for hours in high heels!I thought about giving Surrender 5 stars, but am deducting 1 star for their blatant gender and racial profiling.  Sad to say but that's how Vegas is anywhere you go.  Unfortunately, at Surrender, they decided to make it extra obvious by forming 1 line with the typical busty, beautiful blonde girls and 1 line with dudes, minorities, and miscellaneous.  Where is the love?!
4	Went on a Friday night . We got in for free(all girls) and we didn't have to wait in line. It was super windy and the inside of this place is extremely small. The music was pretty good. I would for sure go back. The Sunday pool party was super fun, but I will write a separate review for that place.
5	came here with a group of girls... we've never waited in line for a club in vegas so i cant really say anything about that. the line did seem pretty long on friday night.. like a 45 minute wait? but we just waltzed right in with our promoter.  anywho. definitely a tiny club...even smaller than blush. but its a lot of fun and it opens right up to encore beach club so just like XS you get that pretty pool scene and atmosphere.music was great and even saw paris hilton hanging around there. XS is still definitely my favorite club in vegas but surrender is a close second. definitely worth checking out if youre looking for something new and exciting!
4	Came here on a Friday night and the girls got in for free!But when we came in, it was still pretty empty and not many people were dancing. The music was kinda ehh at first but it got progressively better throughout the night. The entire atmosphere of the club definitely was beautiful, especially the outdoor area by the pool. What I didn't like though was there's really nowhere to sit unless you get bottle service. And there's no big dance floor! You just have to dance in the small spaces between the bar and the gogo dancer stages. In my opinion, Surrender is just alriiiiight. Worth checking out once for sure, but XS is definitely the best!
5	Love the place! Warning: if you do plan on going, get there early!! The lines were so long! My hostess warned me and advised me to get there at 10:00pm. There doors open at 10:30 and people were already standing in line when I arrived.My host orginally set me up for a cabana at encore beach club for sunday but convinced me to come to surrender the night before. As soon as she walked us in, i fell in love with the place. The whole design and project was jaw dropping. So i had my host get me a table with bottle service right away. She sat me on whats called the "DJ" tables... Its right in between Surrender and Encorebeach. I could step in to the dancefloor, and step out and enjoy the summer breeze. The Dj was right there, we weren't drowned in a crowd so my girlfriends were fairly happy. OH, and from where we were sitting, we could see the lights from the building light up that was changing according to the music. Free light show!The crowd was great and all my girls ended up finding guys to actually dance with. (they're picky)I am definitely coming back to vegas and taking my boyfriend here. had an amazing timeIf you plan to get any kind of service, contact ashley! Ashleyk@lasvegasnightgroup.com, or ashleyk121@yahoo.com. Tell her Sheena sent you =0) She won't try to hustle you like these other hosts in vegas!
4	Went on Saturday night during the 4th of July weekend and my girlfriends and I have a fabulous time! We got there about 11ish and were able to get in free bcs we were on guestlist. The lines were fairly long but a nice host was able to get us to the front of the line. Some guy friends who got there later said they had to pay $50 each.The actual indoor club of Surrender is smaller than XS but we had fun dancing inside and watching the dancers on the stripper poles. The dancers were really talented and performed some acrobatics on the poles! The indoor section was also ventilated fairly well.We also had fun outside where we danced on the stripper poles (with the platform entirely wet) and gambling at the tables. There were also 2 narrow pathways between the three pools that connected the gambling area to the front of the indoor section.I agree with other reviewers that there were not alot of places to sit and walking near the pool can be a bit treacherous since some walk areas are narrow and  trying to maneuver between people sitting on the planters and the pool is difficult. I also knocked down a star because of $17 shots and $8 water.. I know it is Vegas but yikes!My two favorite nightclubs are Surrender and XS. Surrender is a bit more chill while XS is a bit more high energy and crazy. What experience you are looking for depends on the clubber but Wynn has definitely brought the nightclub experience to a higher level.
1	If I could give half a star, I would.This place is nothing but a glorified pool. Do NOT come here. I came here via a recommendation from a friend... After buying a $500 bottle service, we were given a check for almost $200 more... after almost 90 minutes I got to talk to a host who then brought his boss out after 30 more minutes of waiting.Two of my friends in my party has NEVER been to vegas and all this made our night so bad. We were given rude attitudes and vague answers to our questions. We ending up paying the larger bill and left an hour early because we were getting NOWHERE.The people here think they rule the world, and maybe in Vegas, they do. But they need to learn to ACCOMMODATE their customers or no one will return. Never ask for Ivan of Jeff G.I am never coming back here. Head over to XS. That club is amazing with service and ambience...this was a mistake that will never happen again.NEVER.
3	Came here on a Saturday night around 11:00pm or so. The line did not seem crowded as how I expected to be like XS. We got in quickly and did not have to pay a dime. The venue is beautiful!. The pool makes you want to dip your feet in, there are paths that cross in between the pool, couches in the pool to lounge, flashing lights that go with the music, and hot go-go dancers that surround the dance floor. All along the pool you can find various locations to sit, cabanas for bottle service and a big area for gambling. If you go on a Saturday, the DJ mostly plays house, with a few hip hop breaks.The inside part of Surrender is SMALL! There is no real area to dance in and the inside is lined with bottle service areas and the go go stage. It was hard to find a place to dance since inside gets crowded fast! However if you find a bottle service area to party with it makes all the difference in the world :)Surrender is a cool place to check out in Vegas, however, why settle for less when you can go big at its sister location XS.
4	A gorgeous club, it had a mix of a clubbing and lounging vibe, which was nice, and mostly due to it's layout. There isn't a real set dance floor, so people were dancing in various spots and many were just hanging out. I noticed several reviewers didn't like that at all, and I guess it just depends on what you are looking for in a club. I thought this was fine. The music was good, the gogo dancers beautiful and talented. The crowd here is also friendly and so are the staff. If you get yourself on a guestlist, there is a minimal wait, and ladies will be comped. My girls and I got there around 1230, and we were in the club within 10 minutes.They are very strict about table service though, if you did not pay for it, dont even try to sit down at an empty table. I notice a couple that tried to do that, and hosts came by right away to ask them to not do that. I think that if they're going to be strict about it, they should have table space sectioned off, and not be so easily accessible. As with my previous reviews, this is something that I appreciate in a club, and it always makes my day when I find a club that does this (i.e. PURE). Surrender should consider doing this themselves.
1	Very mixed feelings about this place.  One criticism about this place is to shape up security.  There was one crazy aggressive partygoer who assaulted my friend, not once but twice- also he grabbed me and ripped my dress.  I fell on the floor yelling for someone to call secuirty and nothing.   eventually i had to find someone.... after some searching we found him and security said they couldnt kick him out.  my friend should of filed a police report, she even had a bruise on her mouth the next day.  surrender is like a smaller xs. its newer and flashier, literally with flashing lights lining the area around the pool. My friend got a cabana here so there was a very short wait, and plenty of drinks and it was very comfortable.  The Cabana is airconditioned and has its own private bathroom.The venue is nice, however I don't feel safe at this club and if I did go again I would stay very close to my cabana/table and NOT venture to the dance floor.  There are alot of really bad people out there.  be careful
3	this place is pretty fun and it's HUGE.  i love the wynn/encore clubs, b/c they all spill out to the pool and provides a lot more ventilation (since they get super crowded!).
5	I give this place MORE than 5 stars!Wow what a priceless experience. SURRENDER WAS AMAZING. XS is great but this place is just as good. XS required a crazy 6 bottle minimum for my group. I was like man, that's nuts!! Good thing I heard about this place. It totally rocked my world!BEST EVENING POOL PARTY EXPERIENCE.We had VIP treatment all night in a fabulous cabana thanks to a great vegas host. + hosts and waitresses were friendly and serviced our group very well+ pool temperature was perfect for a dip, which we did!+ black jack tables available+ stripper pole available+ cabanas were roomy and intimate+ new beach club at encore + loved the layout of the place+ red and blue lights blended in well with the decor, great vibe
5	Loved Surrender. It's ambiance is indescribable. Well, actually it is - like XS, but nicer. Had a cabana outside to help celebrate our California Gurls Bachelorette Weekend. We've booked cabanas at XS and Surrender's is much nicer and bigger. And they balconies in the back that look out onto the strip/outside of Encore. Dance area inside is pretty far and small, but it was a party anywhere you were. Music was good throughout the night, I think. Well, I remember dancing so it was a good time. Our cabana was right by the stripper pole where girls gyrated their way to guys' tables. It's Vegas. Whatever gets you free drinks. Would totally go back! and maybe I'll actually leave the cabana....
4	Surrender is essentially the European-feel of XS. The place is very similar to it except it's theme focuses more on the outside rather than in. The roof the cabanas and balconies illuminate colors to the beat of the music. Very Chills like setting. Crowd - I describe it as the veterans of XS. I feel like this place are mainly hardcore Vegas ppl that had enough of the same old XS nightouts & want to taste something new in Encore. Thus, crowd was very very fun. Drinks - This is the only reason why i give it 4 stars. PARTY PPL BEWARE, from what i heard, a simple Red-Bull Vodka is eye-poppin $19. I remember a Martini at XS wasn't even charged that high. Dance Floor - If there was a flaw at Surrender, it's the dance floor. It should have been designed better. Nevertheless, there's plenty of other places outside to jus mingle around and dance. Simply put, never been to Surrender? GO!
3	This place is AIGHT. Small dance floor (it really is a "glorified pool," in the words of Hemang S.), so-so music, weak drinks. Terrible promoter service -- girls can get in free, but don't come with guys because they'll end up getting screwed for sure. Stayed here 'til like 1AM then snuck off to XS.I still love XS the best, time and time again.
5	Surrender is an awesome place to go for the night, but to have a great night, you have to go for the right reasons and know what to expect.Don't expect it to be your usual club, because it's not.  It's more like a lounge if anything because they don't have a real set dancefloor anywhere, except this small room that's mostly just a couple aisles of tables.  But what does end up happening is that everyone dances up and down the aisles, around the pools and cabanas and such, so you CAN dance, but don't expect that clubbing environment. So, you'd probably get the most of your money if you came in, got a table, and then got some dancing in between your drinking and partying at the table.Getting in however, can be a pain, especially for guys.  I've heard of a ton of guys that had problems getting in, including us.  The promoters will work for the girls, but don't expect the guys to get on.  They'll be paying $30 if you're lucky, but probably more likely $40-$50.  The line can get pretty long, so come early.Going in, it's VERY similar to XS and Tryst, but since it's a lounge, it feels like a place for hardcore Vegas lovers and XS/Tryst lovers more variety in their scenes, since it's mostly full of tables.  There's a huge pool when you walk in, but you can't go in it at all, unlike XS.  There's plenty of tables and cabanas that take up where Encore Beach takes place, and everything is just as pretty, sparkly, and extravagent as any other club or lounge in Wynn/Encore.Definitely going to try this place again, but I expected it to be more a club, so next time I'm going to walk in with a different mindset.
4	I'm not not  a real huge fan of the whole nightclub scene.  That being said, Surrender felt more like a lounge on steroids.  Which for me, I liked.  They did have a DJ and played what you would expect in a nightclub, however the dance floor is small given the size of the venue.I was there on Wednesday, which was Industry Night.  The crowd had a good vibe and my party of four was next to the craps table, that was an added bonus.  I loved the colors and lighting.  The pool is amazing, the water is almost flush with the decking which makes you feel as if you could simply walk right in.  I would probably repeat.
5	This place looks amazing. Speakers all over the pool. Eye-catching lighting everywhere all over the pool. Main indoor dancefloor is a bit small, but theres enough sound outdoor to dance to. I didn't have VIP, but I noticed the private rooms that you have on the 2nd floor have balconies facing the Vegas strip, pretty nice.Guys - bring enough girls to be able to get in. Our group of girls went in first for free and we got left stuck outside until we called them to come back outside to vouch for us. After that, it's $40 cover
4	I came to Surrender Night Club with very little expectation since a lot of people told me how "small" this place was.  Are you kidding me?  I thought this club was pretty awesome!  Some people see "Surrender" as just the inside dance floor area~  but when you go to Surrender, you also get the whole Encore Beach Club too!  I had a pretty good time~  Some of us got pretty drunk and started jumping onto the lily pad bed which we weren't allowed to obviously~ but the security was pretty cool about it.  They told us not to do it, but they were totally laughing at us too!I think it was $50 for guys and $20 for girls to get in.  The usual Vegas club entrance fee~  $8 mini Fiji water... yea shit's over priced as usual lol but what do you expect??? its VEGAS!
4	After going to XS shortly after it opened last year and experiencing there my ultimate club experience, I was eager to check out Surrender and see if Encore outdid themselves. We were a large party that got table service here and I'm glad we did because even though this place is advertised as a nightclub, as a fellow Yelper on here put it, it's more like a glorified lounge. The "actual" dance floor is pretty nonexistent, it's basically an area littered with VIP tables...so you have to dance between where these tables are...and in the aisle where everybody is trying to walk through. Connected directly behind the club is the pool area or as Encore calls it "Beach Club." Now this place was mesmerizing...pounding bass, flashing red lights, glare from the pool, all six senses were firing on all cylinders. Out here there were a few VIP tables also with cabanas...and a stripper pole with water showering down for the ladies to dance and keep cool. There was a secondly floor balcony with more tables overlooking all of Beach Club and the adjacent strip as well. The decor of this place is definitely awe inspiring. My only hangup was that I couldn't picture myself having a good time without table service....it would be difficult to find a place to dance...and a place to sit to rest for awhile. Music was a hit or miss...mostly a mashup of euro techno, fist pumping, Jersey shore beats...or Top 40 hip hop beats. We got table service...but I'm sure drinks were super pricey. I would probably only come back here if a friend was celebrating a special occasion here. Myself personally, XS still reigns supreme.
2	Surrender: The younger sibling of XS. And like all younger siblings, this club will have a lot of growing, maturing, and learning to do. It's definitely in its infant stages. Well, it did just open up about 2 months ago. Surrender has some promise and potential, but it will take some time to live up to "big brother"...if it ever does.The music is good, but not great. The layout is average, but not the best. Most of the space is taken up by the pool (and cabanas) and the space made for walking, chilling, and dancing is not adequate enough. The whole time I was there, I was thinking, "This feels too much like a beach club and not a nightclub." That's what happens when you try to convert an awesome looking beach club during the day into a sub-par nightclub at night. Instead of calling this place "Surrender Nightclub," it should be called "Surrender Lounge." It's more "loungey" than "clubby" in my opinion.I'd love to come back here...but only during the daytime.
5	By far the best night club I have ever been to in the U.S. Dance floor. Pool. Casino game tables. Everything is outdoors. Sweet cabanas with mist jets and a view of the strip. Hennesey Black. Great company. Need I say more? Back to partying.
4	Located in Encore. Younger sibling of XS. Perfect sense.Considering that each club is designated to be opened on a specific weekday, Surrender is opened on Wednesday. Initially, we wanted to go to XS, but it wasn't opened so we received ravishing compliments about Surrender. Compliments including "baby sister of XS." "Outdoor pool area" "best place to be on Wednesdays". Much to my surprise, Surrender was the perfect place to be on a Wednesday summer night. The outdoor pool and seatings went hand in hand with the hot summer weather. Wish the dance floor was bigger and drinks were a tad bit pricey. But definitely check this place out.
4	By far the BEST club in Vegas so far. I like this club better than XS. Much nicer and alot bigger. Music was ok tho, they played alittle bit of everything, but i didnt care, cause maybe i was too drunk to notice LOL! I give this club two thumbs up! I would def come back again...
4	XS has been my favorite club for the past few years, so when I heard that Surrender was opening at Encore..I was excited! Surrender is definitely the "baby sister" club of XS. It is more toned-down, gorgeous enough to be in the family, and a great place to spend a night in Vegas. Again, there is plenty of space to roam around and meet new people whether it be on the dance floor, poolside, in the bungalows, or at the blackjack tables. Although I don't deem this club as "Saturday night" worthy, I would definitely return on a Thursday, Friday, or Sunday night. Well done, Encore!
4	Gorgeous! I do "surrender" to this very sheek nightclub.  It is located in Encore and the newest club in Vegas. The drinks are pricey, no wonder the bar was not crowded on a Friday night.props to the go-go dancer who climbed all the way to the top of the pole and did some moves that had us in awe o_O
3	From what I remember of it, it looked quite nice. I think it being outdoors might be hit or miss, miss with our group because it was  110+ degrees all weekend.Drinks average about $16 a pop.We got kicked out about 1.5 hours into the club cause a friend starting to puke but I didn't feel like they were aggressive about getting us out... somewhat friendly about it and wanted to make sure everyone was okay. They X-ed our hands so we couldn't get re-entry... they should make it gimmicky and stamp your hand with SURRENDER instead... lol
4	Very nice Surrender, for a new club you were not crowded at all, in fact there was a good amount of people in there. Very sheek, sophisticated place that has a subtle/flashy mix of decor that keeps the place comfortable and it gives it a lounge feel as opposed to your run of the mill "club standing around music blaring" type of feel. Would definitely come back here once I'm in Vegas again and get bottle service it's always worth it. I just remember being scared of falling in the pool after a few too many hahaha, but all in all a fun time at Surrender.
2	Surrender your money and possibly some dignity at this place.Honestly, were it not for the company I was in and alcohol - I would've gone out in a blaze of f-bombs all the way through the big ass pool, which by the way, you are not allowed in - so it seems like a big waste of space.Truth, this place is over the top nice, good DJ, and a mesmerizing go-go dancer. So why the shitastic review you ask?Our group got here around 10:30, waited in line...the bouncers were hassling our boys about their shoes. Bouncer - "you won't be able to get in, unless you go change your shoes, so you either go change your shoes or you can wait in line and not get in". J - "well, I'm going to stay in line and get in."  At this point, the bouncer leaves us. He comes back because I guess he's mad we are still in line and makes us all get out. My friend's friend gets here to escort us all in, but the power tripping bouncer is really pissed and tries to summon all his bouncer pals to stop us from getting in.  I understand he was trying to do his job and enforce the dress code, but he proceeded to ask all the guys in our group how much their shoes cost. Are you fucking serious?! They were all wearing $100+ shoes, but to allow entry, maybe you should just ask us about our annual income or how much money we are planning to blow at this club? Well, nuts to them because we all got in. Girls got in free, but guys had to pay $40. We really could've left, but because we went through all that crap, we were hell bent on going in, so here we are. Everyone is fucking pissed and unhappy with a burning desire to tell the bouncers to 'SUCK IT!" Maybe that was just me, but anyway, it was a miserable half-hour to an hour.Tick tock...alcohol ensues and all is right with the world again, the night was salvaged and everyone ended up having a fucking awesome time. Two stars for providing the expensive alcohol and space, but the rest, it was all us.
3	Surrender your money here. No really, surrender it all. We bypassed the line on a Saturday night because we're just that effin' awesome. I wish -- we bypassed it by getting table service. (5 people per bottle). A bottle of Goose, a bottle of Crown, and 9 little bottles of Fiji water set our party back $1,300. Was it worth it...?? For $19/drink at Surrender, the bottle service was definitely worth it. Cover is $30 for ladies and $40+ for guys depending if you're on the guestlist or not. I like how there are about 10 tables to gamble at here with mins of $25. Although, I did see one girl who was grandfathered in at $15 hands. Lucky beezy. I think Surrender is a "come once and never again" kinda deal because here's what I do NOT like about it...1) You can't even put your feet in the pool. At XS you can.2) No real dance floor. Just tons of cabanas around...3) $19 a drink? SERIOUSLY?Here's what I do like about Surrender...1) Wherever you go, the music is blasting unlike XS...2) It's super pretty3) I saw Jermaine O'Neal (ok not really a perk...lol)4) Stripper poles are open to dance on after the hot go-go dancers go away5) Tons of tables to gamble at (blackjack and craps)Will I come back? Um...if I'm dragged. Or if I'm inebriated.
5	Surrender was absolutely amazing and is quite possibly my favorite place in Vegas. Entry was well organized and speedy. We were lucky enough to be invited guests but I noticed some familiar faces from the GA line inside the club only a few minutes after us. I tend to think that most clubs are very generic and are rather interchangeable, though I wouldn't actually call Surrender a "nightclub" as it is more of a glorified lounge.  Walking out to the club/pool from inside the casino was surprising as it was sort of beautiful. The lighting on the buildings and the pool created a neat glow and great ambiance. The weather was warm and the sky was clear which made for a beautiful night outside. The music was the perfect level and the DJ was very good.  There really isn't a dance floor outside, however everyone was just dancing with their groups where ever they happened to be standing. Surrender is not a typical dark, sweaty club with throngs of drunk people flailing about.  The layout and size of the place made it quite easy to walk around without having to push through people. It also made for an easy way to walk around and talk to people and people watch.As with any club in Vegas, the drinks were very expensive. Two Kamikaze shots and two vodka sodas totaled $56 and the shots were very small. I honestly can't remember the last time I saw a shot that small as the glass wasn't taller than a tube of lipstick. Also one big negative for me is that they don't serve tap water and a small bottle of Fiji was $8!! ...but hey, it's Vegas.The women's bathrooms were nice and clean and were large enough to keep the line limited to 2-3 people. I definitely will make a trip back to Surrender on my next visit to Vegas.
5	Came here for a friend's bachelor party...We opted to have the cabana tables in the back where you're provided your own bungalow, bathroom, balcony, and lounge. Quite worth the same price you'd pay at XS for a small table in the middle of a crowd. We had our own pool area, and somehow were allowed to swim in it! How often is it that your personal bartender inside the bungalow somehow mysteriously fetches you a pair of shorts to swim when you jokingly ask him?I tipped him $20 for those. I should have tipped more. That's all I remember....
5	I surrender!!!  Best club in Vegas so far.  Probably the best in the world.  I had the perfect table to meet girls.  The colors are unbelievable at this beach club.  Our hostess was absolutely stunning as well!!  If u can get in, you should go!!!  Some drunkard also started beef with my friend for no reason near our table and within seconds, three hosts, and security was on spot.  AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!!!!
4	Simple: LOVE IT!I totally would give out all stars exept the stupid line sucks major butt. Even as locals and being fab sometimes the doormen are busy working making a fast buck than to watch out for people like us that will have some schmack drop big $chinks for drinks on us :)Make sure you are on some dudes GL that works there if you are out of town or else you will stand forever, or just bring a milking schemel along.But its all good, would do the same if I was standing at a door all night surounded by drunken tourists from CA :) no offense hahaThey have a lot of asian theme nights, thats when they only let little asians in. I never get the memo, for some reason my email must spam them because I go and its asian theme night. Being over 6' tall its rather a weary sight from my height looking down constantly to make sure I dont step on a little asian chick or dude.I have not found one hot dude to bone there yet, mainly because I like a manly man that shoots rifles and drives a bad ass redneck truck. If you like waxed smoothies with gel in their hair and more shoes than you, its the place :) Its still fun though!! GO! NOW
3	This place looks cool, and it's new and exciting.... But when we went at the begining of June, when it first open. It was way too pricey!!! We paid for a table to avoid the wait in line all nite... A table was $750? We got two bottles for that and the table next to us gave us a third bottle... But still I would rather go to XS for $5 each and stay sober.....
4	Awesome club! If you like pretty outdoorsy pools (like a bigger version of XS), you'll love Surrender! Music is mostly house, but when you're buzzed, I'm sure all music is pretty awesome. Cover is pretty expensive for the guys...$40. But I went with a group of 13 girls and we were on a guestlist and we all got in for free on Friday night. =) The dance floor was TINY though...that's the only minus. But there's plenty of space outdoors around the cabanas and whatnot. :) They make a good long island iced tea too.
2	THIS AIN'T NO CLUB OR NIGHTCLUB! IT IS A LOUNGE, OVERPRICED ONE AT THAT! -should of listen to the taxi driver!This place is ok, at best! We had to wait in line forever to get in and that is being on the guest list. We had the option of getting bottle service and where so happy we didn't. We basically walked in, took a stroll around the whole place and where out. We took longer getting into this place then actually being in here. It is expensive as hell, especially for chilling next to a swimming pool. It cost us $33 to get in ($44 for regular), the girls got in for free  so that wasn't bad. 2 drinks, one import and a n/a drink for $18! Really! It wasn't even in a bottle, a freakin' can!  You might be better off getting bottle service cause it might make it more tolerable.The music was ok, just your basic top 40. They have area's for you to gamble at in one of the rooms. The VIP section's are nice, especially the ones up above everybody else. Overall, it wasn't what i was expecting. There are better places to go spend you $$$ in Vegas.
5	This has changed my clubbing experience. Even Hollywood doesnt excite me anymore. I just want to go back to vegasss!!!Our party of 10. To bypass the taxi line at the hotel we decided to take a Limo. We sent the boys to wait in line (since us girls got on the guest list) while we went to have dinner. When we got to the club about an hour half later, the lines were really long, we bypassed the line and got to go right in after a few minutes wait and got in before the boys did. So if you are not on the guest list and or going with guys, get there early if you want to get in. Cover was $40 for guys. The club/atmosphere/people:  "Magical" as my friend described it. It truly was! For some odd reason I felt like this was the palace of princess Jasmin in Aladdin. Its just so glamorous and pretty!!  When I walked in I was awed by all the architecture and pretty flashing lights. I noticed that the people who worked there--the pole dancers, bartenders, etc--- are all HOT. As some of the yelpers have said, this is more of a lounge than a night club since the dance floors were not that big. They have beds surrounding the pool area. Drinks were hollywood prices --the bartender made us a secret drink. He refused to tell us what's in it and we went back to get another because it was so good. Bouncer: My friend was KO and the last shot of 151 pushed him to his limits. The bouncer wanted to kick him out and so I was trying to convince the bouncer that I will take care of him and that he's alright. The bouncer said "he's out and so are you." He wanted our ID's and I didn't have mine on me because my other friend was holding it for me. To escape from being kicked out, I ran across the club to the other side to find my friends and help him. At the end of the night we went to get him from security and found bruises on his face and arms. He doesn't remember what happened but the only conclusion I have is that he fought with them and was handcuffed for majority of the night.  We got escorted out of the club to the taxi and was told to never bring him back. After all this, I still give it 5 stars. Epic night.
1	My first and only 1 star review, that is how bad this place is.  On just looks alone I would say the club actually is very aesthetic, however that is where the good parts of this club end.  My biggest complaint about this club is the service for those not getting bottle service.  It was just straight up rude.  First they charge you $7 for a coke, and they do not give you refills.  Whats even worse is that they will not even give you more ice.  If you charge $7 for a coke, the least you can do is offer one free refill.  I've never seen a club not give you ice or water at the bar.
4	Our Friday night was between Surrender and Haze, both among the newest clubs in Vegas.  We opted to go Surrender since we heard Haze plays house music the entire night.Surrender's look is similar to XS with an inside/outside club.  However, Surrender's pool is larger and their indoor part is smaller.  Surrender does have tables for those who feel the urge to always want to gamble in Vegas.  BOTTLE SERVICE:As we got there, we decided to get bottle service.  We knew that if we didn't, we were going to have to pay and to make it worse, we had 8 guys and 3 females (you have to have at least a 1:1 female to male ratio to get into clubs easily in Vegas).  With a table you get:*1 bottle for every 3 people (we got lucky and got in 11 people on 2 bottles) - bottles start at $460 for vodka.  We got two bottles of Hennessy at $515 per bottle before tax and gratuity, $1267 total.*Your own space - we had one of the beds by the pool outside*Your own personal security guard (Stacy was great and friendly!)*A safe on the side of the bed (I'm not sure if every table is like this) to store your belongingsDRESSCODE:Most people were dressed to impress, but there were the few in flip-flops or Converse, so I'm not sure how strict they are on dress code.CROWD:A total chickfest!  Seemed like every bachelorette party as well as every group of females showed up here.MUSIC:Similar to what plays at XS - house and hip hop mixed in with house beatsYou are NOT allowed to jump in the pool (except on Thursdays when they have their pool parties), not even dip your feet in like you would be able to at XS.  In a drunken state of mind, I failed to just do and instead opted to ask security if I could go in the pool.  He told me no or else I would get "86-ed for life".  Yeah right, what are you going to do, run everyone's face through facial recognition software?  He then proceeded to announce over his walkie talkie that a female was going to jump in the water like I planned to invade the White House or something.  It's not a big deal, it's just water!!  Next time I'm going to "accidentally" fall in, better yet, I'll bump into security and act like they made me fall in.
4	Dear Surrender,My three girl friends and I had a great time.  Didn't wait in line, didn't pay cover, and free drinks from the awesome guys your club attracts.  The set up was picturesque - the pool and general outside seating was breath taking, the naughty  stripper poles were a tease (no one was actually on them - but nice to have for any brave souls or just drunk beezy's to show off their skills), the large red beds were soft and nice to have when we got tired of dancing, and the music was something we could all groove to.  Thanks, for a great time!!xoxo
3	So my girls and I went here on a Friday night in August...We walk in and we all stop dead in our tracks *gasp -- mouth wide open eyes BUGGED.It was gorgeous...very beautiful set up with pool/pond/water in the middle and path ways around and through it. Very open space. Club is mainly outdoors and even though it was 100+ degrees outside they had a cooling system that kept you pretty cool.The dancefloor and one bar is indoors and gets pretty packed...+2 for gorgeous venue and actual space for you to hang out +1 for the DJ actually taking requests and playing HIP HOP for a portion of the night-1 for playing house/trance music for majority of the night-1 for small EXPENSIVE SHOTS -- expected in vegas but still! I  believe i bought a round of 9 shots and the bill came out to be $143.00Good experience, but I don't know if I'd come back because of the music. If you like house/trance then you'd like this place
3	This is for the dip and dance Thursdays which, as I understand, is Surrender... but without the dance floor (which is technically Encore Beach Club, at night). We had a day bed which was perfectly located in the middle for our viewing pleasure. Very comfortable beds and they had little cubbies for our belongings. Well thought out. The larger bar was right behind us and was well staffed and easily accessible. Practically no wait. The evening started with a one-hour champagne bar for the ladies, which was much appreciated, and was served up by very friendly and accommodating bartenders (one of whom was Luis, who we became fans of- he even took pictures for us!) Our servers were also wonderful. If you ever get Casey, tip him well, because he makes sure you're taken care of. As for the event, you can get in with pool attire, which was hard for me to wrap my head around. Here I was at Encore, at night, clubbing, in flip flops, and about to jump in the pool without consequence. Pretty awesome. Oh, for the guys... no free drinks, but ladies dancing in the middle of the pool on a platform... perhaps that's a fair trade?
5	We had a great time. Absolutely different and fun. Lines were long....get there early or try to find a promoter. We got lucky...one of my friends knows a good promoter.
5	I didn't think another club could come around that could compete with XS, but Surrender is amazing.  The main room is small, but it's nice, and the outside pool area is ridiculous!  A round of Red Bull and vodka is going to set you back $40- but who give's a F@#!- it's Vegas!  PS-  Surrender probably has the best Go-Go dancers I've seen at any of the clubs.
5	Yep the hype is true
3	Not bad of a hang out spot for the night.  "happening" place in vegas for now, we'll see how that'll go for.
4	This club is gorgeous!! i came here saturday night with 3 friends and walked right in because my friend knew some people there. The club is HUGE, i really didnt know what to do with myself.Theres a massive lounging area next to the pool, and then theres another lounging area with a separate bar and some gambling tables, and THEN theres a pretty large dance floor with another bar. The club was 50% asian when we went, so unless your not feeling asain fever that night, i suggest not going. If you have a special event, surrender has these really cool looking cabanas with their own balcony that overlooks the strip that i was drooling over. I'll definitely come back here again, this club was amazing.
5	Being at most of the nightlife in Vegas I wasnt sure to go for Surrender, but since my husband chose this place and we were meeting some friends there, I went for it.How I felt: It was totally worth the wait in line, this place is AWESOME and its like a heavenly light shone on your face.  DJ bumps his stuff, and  as you sip your drink and move to the groove, you are suddenly under a spell and the spectacle of the Wynn and Encore hotels.Some factors to be aware of:  * Very Pricey --  Drinks are expensively elaborate and admission can be up to $30 for gals and $40 for men.*Crowd Control -- Elbows bump and grind, boobs brush, and hands grab, so be aware of your surroundings.* Music is great if you are open to all kinds of music - Kaskade Sundays are awesome if you are into it, but if you are mostly hip-hop, top 40, or Old School... its very limited here.Overall - Great Ambiance, Pool side themed, hot girls and guys, Good Times and Partying til 4am. Its worth it. I let loose and my husband was so happy he picked this place. Highly recommend for a party date for 2 or a huge group.
5	I have been clubing for way too long and I have to say I love this place.   I have to admit what I look for in a club is a little different than it used to be.  I used to love a packed club with gorgeous people where  you could troll around and pick up on gorgeous women. Now that I bring my own woman, I look for clubs that have a good vibe, great energy, good staff, great music, and space where  you arent fumbling over eachother. A place where you have the ability to talk to people at the club face to face and not have to scream to hear eachother. This place is different. As previous people have said, its  more like a lounge than a club. There is an area inside with gogo dancers and bars, but outside is where I think its the best. Its at the Encore, so I expected it to be pretty pricy, but considering how beautiful the facilites are, its well justified.  I am not too sure about the line situation, since we had a table reserved. We just walked in where we were shown our area complete with staff. Drinks were made well, the area kept clean, and the misters kept everything nice and cool. We were there on a Friday night  (XS on Saturday) and the people here were great. Good looking people everywhere. You cant help but have a great time.
5	Surrender is the best club in the world. I am not being hyperbolic. Straight away, this is not a pulsing rhythm bonanza like Pacha in New York or Mint in Miami. If you're looking for something like that, you are an excellent argument for condom usage. There is a sizable dance floor at Surrender, but the throng primarily gathers in the outside area centered around one of Encore's massive pools. At Surrender's sister club, XS, there is a weird area near the back of the pool that seems like a no man's land unless the club is inordinately packed. Surrender does not suffer from any such ghetto, much to all clubgoers' benefits. The vibe at Surrender is standard issue high end Vegas club scene. Some people are incredibly nice and down to party with strangers (read between the lines). Others cloister into their groups and eschew all new company. Haters gonna hate. If you have bottle service people will like you more. I didn't make the rules. Whatever you want to happen in Vegas that you plan to have stay in Vegas, you will be hard-pressed to find a more pleasant-looking companion to join you on your sordid adventures. Surrender is like whiplash with a cover charge. The drinks are probably the most expensive I've had in Sin City, but I made nice with the staff, and they were making my cocktails strong like bull. Honestly, if you go to a club at the Encore and expect cheap drinks you need to go back reread the manual on Las Vegas. It's right after the chapter on bartering with hookers and right before the best way to score coke. You're welcome.Like any other club on the Las Vegas strip the pecking order at the entrance follows a predictable pattern: hot girls wearing scandalous clothing get in first, paying tables get in next, guest list gets in speedily (albeit with a cover) IF said guest list has cute-to-hot girls in it. Otherwise, you might as well be in general admission. Speaking of which, If you have girls in your party GA is still longish but not undoable. If you're a bunch of dudes trying the club line equivalent of nose bleed seats, don't bother showing up after 11. The wait is interminable-- as in it actually might not end-- and you're better off starting the end of your evening early and taking a taxi to the Spearmint Rhino like you know you were going to do anyway.
5	DO NOT MISS THIS NIGHTCLUB! If you have been to XS, just imagine Surrender a larger more improved version. The weekend we went was only the 4th week the club had been open so it was pretty hectic trying to figure out even what line to get into for this place. Luckily the night before we had met a promoter who told us that if we go to Blush in the Wynn and get a stamp, after 11pm we can get into Surrender without waiting in line. We actually had fun at blush and got right into Surrender. It was a huge place but it was still very crowded. The most annoying aspect is that they only sell tiny tiny bottles of Fuji for $8, so I hope you dont get too thirsty for agua here...its Vegas...drink more liquor!
5	WHAT HAPPPENED HERE???UHMMMMM.Lets just say I got booted out and my girlfriend fell on her face and had to get ambulanced on a gurney to the hospital. Was this a bad thing? Kind of. I think it says Surrender is sooo fucking awesome it makes it pretty dangerous, which can be a bad thing. Keep your YSL heels at home here ladies and do yourself a favor and get a cabana. SO WORTH it.
5	I don't know if it was the people or the venue but I had a lot of fun here. It was pretty crowded but amazingly fun and a beautiful place on a Saturday night. I didn't see go-go dancers, but maybe they were somewhere else.50$ for guys30$ for girlsthere are discounts if you get on a guest list.. by maybe around 10$.There are many lines. DO NOT go in the wrong one or a bouncer in a purple jacket will yell at you. If you claim you didn't know you will be yelled at... if you say sorry you'll be yelled at. Didn't happen to me, but it did to the girls nearby. When I was dancing they played katy perry, bone thugs, sandstorm, eminem, rhianna, some punk-rock... and the usual hip-hop/fast r&b.  it was all okay, but some of the songs had the dancers looking confused. Check this place out and if you are slick enough and smart enough slip the bouncers (the ones with TIES!!!!!) some $$ to bypass the line. I say 10 bucks a head, but if your group consists of all males... good luck.
5	OKAY in reference to Anthony T.'s review, ladies, do not leave your YSL Imperiales at home for this is Las Vegas, you gotta look good full time right? Sober, Drunk or totally TIU'd, you gotta look great.We had a real life "The Hangover" night here and I'm still feeling the after effects (this all happened Saturday night). We had a lovely dinner at Del Frisco's before arriving here. There was a cabana set up for our large party so entrance was smooth. The place is cool, I haven't been for the beach club but I hear that it is crackin'. I think prefer XS to this just because it's more of a "super-club" experience but it is nice to have a top cabana over looking the scene, not to mention all the open room with out the worry of strangers spilling dranks all over your new dress. (See Haze review)Short recap of what I heard had happened...Table dancing, girls kissing and making up, tripping, ambulance, hospital visits, guys kissing, TOO MUCH GAMBLING, black eyes, broken cellphone screens and pictures, pictures, pictures.Music sucks. I really hate this dance music craze. If you want better music goto Haze.
5	4 plus 1 star for the only cool bouncer in Vegas that helped me looked for my dropped phone.  I never really like the club staffs in Vegas.  All of the staffs specially the bouncers in Vegas don't seem too friendly, and I never bother to ask them for anything.  There is a bouncer tapped my shoulder when I was on my knees looking for my dropped cellphone at the main dance floor in Surrender.  I thought he was gonna kicked me out, but this bouncer was nice enough to offer me his flash light and helped look for my phone for a good 5minutes.  I end up find it at a table near by (I guess someone picked it up, but still big ups to the bouncer for helping me)  Besides that the wait to get in takes a while, we got there around 10.  Being the first group of guys that got there and we still had to wait for an hour to get in.  It was worth it, but I guess cause I was pretty drunk so I can't stay on my feet for too long.  I kept sitting down on the floor and the bouncer keeps on telling me I had to stand up.  I don't really remember much during the wait in line, but few of my friends got sent back to the hotels for wearing t shirts.  Not the club's fault, even me being a drunk guy warned them that they can't get in without a dress shirt.  And it cost us $30 each to get in on Friday night.  Inside is cool as hell, Surrender and XS (which is where we went on Saturday) are one of those clubs you see in the movies where stars and rappers parties in or maybe even better.  Just look at the pictures from other people (it is worth a thousand words).  The drink and ticket might be a bit pricey but is worth it especially is your first time.   They played like 60% techno , and the other 40% random music.  I am not a big techno fan, so if they would of played different music I would have even a better time.  This place is huge and I guess there were about 300-400 ppl inside.  If you are not an angry drunk, I am sure you will find someone cool to hang out with inside.  By the way what happened in Vegas doesn't stay in Vegas.  Thats what I got from a lot of girls there.
1	SCAM ALERT -- CONSIDER YOURSELVES WARNED:1.  Your table reservation means nothing if you have less than a 3 bottle minimum ($1,500).  The Surrender staff will put 2 bottle table and cabana reservations in a line and make you wait (just like the $40 entry line) unless you agree to buy additional bottles. Incidentally, we were guests of the Wynn Tower suites and the reservation was made by the Wynn concierge and they still didn't honor it.2.  Your reservation is not good after 10:30.  Even if your host agrees to 11:30 as the time for your party's arrival, they do not hold reservations and continue to sell all tables and cabanas, even the one you "reserved".  Yes, even if you're a guest of the Wynn, even if they have your CC on file -- they will sell your table if it's a busy night.  If you do not arrive by 10:30 pm, your reservation may not be good.  3.  The "Handshake" means nothing other than "You're an idiot".  All of the hosts have their hands out for handshakes filled with cash.  Table / Cabana handshakes cost between $200 - 400 dollars depending on the size of your group).  Without a handshake, you will not move through their artificially created lines and even with a handshake, if they sold your table, you will be sitting at the restaurant.THE DETAILSAs a guest of Tower Suites, the Wynn's hotel within the hotel, you have access to private concierges who were fantastic and promptly put us in touch with a host that reserved a cabana for our group of 6 for $1,000.  We arrived at Surrender at the time agreed in writing with our host, 11pm.  We were placed in a line and told that we essentially wouldn't be getting in unless we agreed to an additional bottle, so $1,500.  We were told that this was a discount and we in fact overheard them telling everyone else that wanted a table that the price was 6 bottles ($3,000).Even after agreeing to the $1,500, we were still forced to wait an additional 20 minutes until we provide a handshake.  After all of this, we were escorted to a breakfast table at the poolside restaurant attached to the Beach Club, nowhere near the action.  It was only once agreeing to the extra bottle, only after agreeing to pay the host a handshake, only after waiting in line 45 minutes that we finally got in to discover that they'd sold our cabana and our group of 6 would have to spend $1,500 to sit at a table for 4 where they'd be serving hash browns  in less than 6 hours.  Needless to say we turned the table down and left.  The club is beautiful to look at and the Wynn/Encore is the nicest experience in Vegas, hands down.  But the staff at their nightclubs are the industry's worst.  They have no respect for their customers and do not honor reservations.  I would recommend staying at the Wynn without hesitation, but find somewhere else to go on club night.Interestingly, the head of the Wynn's nightclub group was arrested on a DUI charge with Paris Hilton on the Friday night we were there.  So, if you're curious why our incident happened, just think about this:Cy Waits was promoted to head of XS/Surrender less than a week ago.  Less than a week after getting what many consider the #1 nightclub job in the world, instead of running the nearly $150 million facilities, he's driving around the strip smoking weed, doing coke and getting arrested.  Is there any wonder why the clubs are mismanaged?
4	Went here this past Saturday night and got in line around 9:15PM, but didn't get into the club until close to 11PM, when only a group of 3 Asian guys were in front of us in the general admission line, and our lady friends got in on the guest list line before 10PM.  If this happens to you, tell your lady friends to wait with you in the general admission line and to just tell the front hostess that you're on the guest list, so all the guys don't have to wait so long.  Head of security tried to boot us out too, saying we were in too big of a group of guys (since their rules say no groups of 6 or more or you have to buy an overpriced table).  He also tried to say that we were with the group of guys ahead of us just cause we all looked the same color.  But our group of 7 guys just split into 2 groups of 4 and 3.But yeah, can't lie, this place looks beautiful on the inside.  General admission for guys was $50 on Saturday night.  Smaller version of XS.  DJ was spinning a better mix of hip hop, house, and pop than at XS.  Shots of Crown and Crown & Cokes were $14 each, which seemed surprisingly about average for your typical Vegas nightclub.But yeah, if I came here again, I'd probably try the guest list thing if our group has more girls than guys, but if you have the money to drop for a table, you might as well do it at a place like this.Minus 1 star for their slow line movement and stereotyping bouncers.  Friend's promoter straight asked if any of her friends were fat or ugly when adding them onto the guest list, yet said he couldn't add any of us guys when we saw plenty of guys in on the guest list line, mostly Asian or White, but the head of security was booting out groups with too many guys, so make sure you got your ratios right if you do the guest list line.  Seems like they got some pre-order tickets that you can purchase to get in on the faster moving guest list line too.  I'm guessing you can purchase those on Surrender's website or a place like Vegas.com?If you're a dude and don't want to pay for a table, buy your advanced tickets here and just go straight to the guest list line and don't forget to print out your receipt.http://shop.vegas.com/clubs/calendar.jsp?club=86
4	I will only surrender to XS, for now.  I'm keeping this review at 4 stars only because the venue is too beautiful to be given 3. Surrender is like the kid that's still a little noob that's trying to work its way up there.  In the meantime, everyone is still waiting in that mile-long line at XS.  Sigh, everyone wants to hang with the cool kid. I don't blame them. As my friend would say, "all the rejects from XS goes here." Ouch.  Let that burn for a little bit.  We rolled 10 deep with all girls to Surrender and we were on guestlist.  We got in within 5 minute...easy peazy like it aint no g thang.  Finally got to see what the hype was all about with this new club.  Usual cover for girls $30, guys $40. That's just silly now.Unfortunately, it just wasn't what I expected.  Venue: Surrender is beautiful.  You can never go wrong with anything at the Encore/Wynn. Classy and elegant. The dance floor is pretty small with poles up on little stages for go-go dancers to dance by the bottle service tables.  However, these go-go dancers don't make use of them poles! Show us some trixxx!  At least my daring roommate went up and busted some good ol' tricks that woke everyone up, security decided to be a party pooper and took her down.  I guess in a way that saves me from seeing girls trying to dance sexy aka humping the pole.  The club is definitely more of an outdoor lounge where you can sit by the pool and chill.  I came to Vegas to dance, not to get my snooze on.  However, the interior decorations were snazzy! The dance floor area was decorated with leopard print carpet, rawr.   Crowd: Pretty diverse, but I hate to say it...not that good looking. Tons of short asian guys and middle aged douche-lord types.  Sorry bout it.  Maybe it was an off night.  Not too many fierce lookin hunnays either.  The crowd was pretty tame since the dance floor is pretty small so there was only so much room to move around.    Music:  ::awkward pumpfist all night long::  The dj was just not cracking.  He put some form of *unce* to every single song  so I ended up feeling like I was in Jersey Shore awkwardly fist pumping.  A little unce is fine, but it went allllll niiiight long.  At least my arms got some good exercise?  They might as well add techno lights and you got yourself a rave.  I need my jams with some good ol swag I can sass my hair to. Maybe a few shablams. Dranks: As a girl in Vegas, I refuse to spend big money on them dranks, ya heard?  It's hot, people are dehydrated so we went to the bar to get some water and dranks.  Newp, they're not allowed to.  Naw! But you can fork up money for their tiny Fiji waters. The bartender wouldn't even give a cup of ice. Cmon now! So we decided to leave due to boredom, went to gamble for free drinks, and headed onto the real afterparty at XS at 2am. Man, and they were still partying like it's 1999.
5	It depends with this place on your style. If you're out to meet people then the open-ness of surrender definitely provides that venue to walk around and meet people. Personality is a must. The dance floor is extremely small but the music you can definitely count on being great since it's directed by dj steve aoki (cannot go wrong). if you're just out to try to dance up on people then this place wont really provide that much opportunity. again, no personality = no bueno for you. The drinks are crazy expensive here so i'd recommend ($17 each drink) getting bottle service because it's totally worth it.I was a hotel guest here so it wasn't too difficult for me to get in. bring your game and be ready to be open and enjoy yourself. otherwise just walk the other way and hit up XS. can't go wrong there either!LOVE LOVE this place.
3	Considering it was my first time clubbing in Las Vegas as a 21-year-old, I really had nothing else to compare to... so please bear with me.The line for XS was ridiculously long the Saturday night I went (supposedly Paris Hilton was there).  They had reached "max capacity" and were only allowing people on the VIP/Guest Lists in, so we really had no chance as we were in the very back of the line, which looped around many corners several times.Since a friend of a friend had a table at Surrender, we decided to go there instead.  Even being in the guest list line, we had to wait about 45 minutes; so by the time we got in, even I had to pay cover ($35 for girls, $40 for boys), which I thought was pretty lame.  At the time though, I was just happy to finally get in.It looks really nice, being outdoors and all, surrounding two pools, with palm trees scattered around.  Honestly, it's more of a lounge than a club... since there's not much dancing space around the pools.  The dance floor however, was a nightmare.  A nightmare to get into, dance in, and get out of.  Just imagine, one big giant orgy (with clothes on), with go-go dancers placed sporadically on poles around the floor dancing above you - if that's what floats your boat, then I highly recommend Surrender.After a few drinks, I couldn't care less and just danced around like a drunken freak - and if you know me at all, I don't dance.  At all.  My feet soon became tired, so I took off my heels and since the pools were nearby, walking along the pool, dipping my feet in, felt AMAZING.  Security working there are kind of douche-y though since they kept telling me to put my shoes back on.The worst part?  No one's allowed to go in the water or onto the sofa-like things floating in the water!  Those are reserved for the Encore Beach Club - lame!  And, after my friend and I left for about an hour for the Poker tables, they wouldn't let us back into Surrender at 3:30 am because they close the re-entry door at 3:25 am -________- Give me a break.Would I go back?  Probably :x
5	Surrender is the new spot in town overthrowing XS as the new king of Vegas. Its sexy, sophisticated and in a league of its own. This club is not your typical megaclub and the majority of the time will be spent outside.  I was there this past weekend  and the lines were already wrapping thru Encore at 1030pm!.Good thing me and my group do not wait and we already had a hookup for a cabana for the night for an ultra low minimum. Within 5 minutes, we were on our way in.   Heres a little peak of the cabana area   http://sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc4/hs292.snc4/40933_10150276814820241_557670240_14516208_3681604_n.jpgTo be people in previous reviews complaining about the hosts and stuff, do some research and head over to www.jackcolton.com, and you'll do vegas right.The music was mainly house which is what i love! It was Aoki's friday but he was not there that night since he had a prior engagement in Germany. The music was on point all night. Mainly house with some mashups and occasional top 40.The pool is off limits unless its their Dip N Dance event held every thursday. So ladies, this isnt XS where you can dance in the water. They also have tables to gamble at just like at XS. Drinks are you typical Vegas prices so no one should be shocked at the prices.Overall this is the spot to be at. If I were to go to only one club all weekend, Surrender is the spot.
4	This place is so beautiful at night! By day it is known as Encore Beach Club, by night it's known as Surrender Nightclub! While we were eating dinner at Switch Steakhouse, me and my friends were admiring the beauty of the place at night.At 2:30am after partying in our suite, we decided to head downstairs to Surrender because we decided to give up on XS. Yes, at 2:30am we were off to partying the night away. There was a line to get in, but I can't remember if it was long or not. Upon entering I thought to myself this place is so beautiful and it's outdoors, awesome! But there doesn't seem like much room to dance! The main dance floor, which is indoors was super packed but you were still able to maneuver around.I had fun here, but I would've had more fun if they didn't play house music for 30 minutes! Other than that, I thought it was a great place to party because it was outdoors! Which means no smelling everyone's musty ass! =) Oh, by the way I was waiting for someone to fall into the pool, unfortunately nobody did! DARN!
3	I went to this nightclub at the Wynn expecting it to be just as great or even better than XS at the Encore, but was completely disappointed. The club atmosphere was just OK and the pool was nice but the service was just horrible. We rented a cabana and paid $500 for bottle service. The waitress was great, but the management was not. We asked nicely three times if the air conditioning could be looked into because our cabana was blazing hot. it was cooler to stand outside than be inside the cabana, which was ridiculous. Management was not helpful at all and stated that they could do nothing about the AC because it was already at full blast, but somehow the cabana got magically cooler as we were trying to figure out a solution with management. Overall the music was not that great and the service was horrible. I recommend XS which is similar in setup with a club on the inside and the pool outside, but has better music and a cooler vibe.
2	Going to have to drop a few stars because this place is extra pretentious and douchey. Let me walk you through this clubbing experience.First, you stand in a line where an obnoxiously large bouncer is cockblocking and being a huge douchebag. Luckily, you know someone, so you get put in the "special line." Then, they check your ID, stamp you, and charge you a ridiculous cover to enter the place, because, you know, they're so cool. In this case, it was $50.You enter the club and they're playing all the songs you've heard at every other club you've ever been to. There's a dance floor at some place. There are cabanas. There's a pool. There are bars manned by somewhat attractive bartenders, and go-go dancers cutting a rug on elevated platforms.THIS IS LIKE EVERY OTHER CLUB I'VE EVER BEEN TO. Sure, there's a pool. Sure, it's outdoors. But deep down inside, it's all the same c.r.a.p. CAN I GET AN AMEN???And the women. Oh how I tire of these women.  A skirt so short, I actually saw her panties. Yeahhhhh, that was a first. Her skirt was so short that if she stood up straight, we could see her hidden valley. And it wasn't exactly emanating class.This just isn't my scene any more. Surrender is just another place for kids to to dump money and feel great about doing it. No wonder we're in an economic depression. I get it. I'm over it.
2	This is the second time a club in a Wynn property has embarrassed me in front of friends/colleagues. Let me preface this review by saying that I know Labor Day Weekend in Las Vegas is nuts. I've been partying in Vegas for the better part of five years now; it's the second most expensive/busy weekend of the year or something to that effect.That said, I booked a cabana here fully prepared to spend a lot of money. And I am the EASIEST person to help. No wacky requests, nothing. Just take my money and give me what I'm told I'm getting. I showed up with a bunch of my friends and we had a minimum spend of $2k (which is realistically more like $3k), which I thought was totally reasonable for the cabana that particular night. It was no problem, but the holier than thou attitude that I got from some of the staff was extremely off-putting. Yes, I know you're busy. Yes, I know you're stressed. But if I'm buying bottles and bottles at a 1000% markup... be a little nicer. Smile. Take five minutes to make sure we're all set. Don't ignore me when I need help. You're supposed to be bending over backwards for me, you're a VIP host. Customer service goes a long way. I'm not going to name any names in my review, but I am going to be honest.So we waited in line for about 10 minutes before getting in. Totally standard, no problem. But, when we got in, the cabana I was promised was mysteriously unavailable. Instead, I was offered a daybed. I politely refused and asked to speak with a manager. This was embarrassing, since I was entertaining friends from out of town, and had kind of been hyping up the night since Surrender is the hot spot.The manager came by, and I ended up having to kick him $200 to "upgrade" me to what I was promised originally. This is after I had already tipped out over $400 to the hosts and door staff. It's not like I didn't take care of my people; this wasn't my first rodeo. Tangentially, I know I'm breaking all the rules by mentioning that I tipped out, but fuck it. I'm pissed. I had been pre-authed the night before for the cabana, I had confirmed it twice, and then I got bait-and-switched. Not happy, Surrender. If you wanted to sell the cabana for a higher price to someone else, fucking tell me before I show up with a group, and don't you dare try to pull a bait and switch.Anyway, we finally get up to the cabana and got our drinks a full hour after we arrived at the door. The host I had booked the table through passed me off to someone else, and (thankfully) he was fantastic, friendly, thorough. Our waitress was sort of around, our bussers friendly, our security fine. No above and beyond; if anything, the service was worse than I expected. The club itself was gorgeous and the night was beautiful, which is the only reason that this place isn't getting one star. Seriously, it was ridiculous. I'd give the club and the ambiance 5 stars, but the staff was less than stellar that night. In a city of hospitality, I was not impressed.MIdway through the night, I had two friends get in touch with me to join the party. No problem, right? Wrong. My hosts told them my party was full, they had to wait in line, pay a $75 cover. It's a little absurd, considering we were going to purchase two more bottles when they came in, and they were just given a flat out no when they asked to join our party. I stepped outside to speak with a host - I wasn't even drunk - and I was given the cold shoulder. I produced another $100, he palmed it,  still didn't help my friends. Laughing.All I have to say is, if Surrender treats the people who spend a ton of money this way, I can't even imagine coming here without table reservations. I learned an expensive lesson at the Encore, and this isn't the first time the Wynn staff has treated me like a second class citizen (see my XS review). Is my money different or something?Overall, less than pleased. I will say this, though; if I ever return, I'd be more apt to return during the day than the night, and it'll be on someone else's dime so I don't have to deal with anybody.
3	Nice looking club. Too bad the dj sucked balls. DJ got us falling in love again my ass. Did he only have 10 songs on his playlist because I heard the same songs at least twice! House music for the lose. Cant believe I paid $50 to get into a club. That $50 could have easily gone to more gluttony or drinks to damage the liver. Never been a clubbing type of guy, never will be, but hey it was a good friends bday so I had to abide. You want to dance and get your freak on? This would be the place to do it, that is if you like House music. Guys, good luck getting in if you dont have at least a 4:1 girl to guy ratio, even if your on the guest list. Bouncers at the door are assholes and all deserve to get a low blow to the balls.
4	I was running late. And almost flaked on my friends, but somehow I made it by midnight. Where else can you go somewhere fun this late in the night but in Vegas. There was a long line. But this is where being female is definitely an advantage.  I give my flirty eye contact and it still boosts my ego tremendously each and every time it works. Two different guys in suits approach me; both offering me a warm smile letting me know to give him a minute.  My friends had a table and were already in. I have to admit, it felt good to be escorted out of the long line into the dark swanky entrance into the club and to their table.  The music and overall ambiance immediately got me out of my lazy mood and jolted my legs to want to dance. Definitely a fun night. Our table was close to the open view of the cool pool and the DJ; so it was perfect spot. I probably had too much to drink, but so what... I don't gamble, so that's my vice when I'm in Vegas:)
5	Though it's outdoors and coming here when the temperature outside is 90+ at night seems to be very unappealing, idk why the heat never bothered me. Maybe it was the cute bungalows that overlooked the strip that distracted me? Or the flashing red lights? Or the gorgeous pool? OVERALL my favorite Friday night club choice! Surrender is sexy.
5	I had such a good time @ Surrender. It's a gorgeous venue, it's BIG so you don't feel like you're getting swallowed up in the human ocean, and everything is just aesthetically pleasing. You feel like you're walking into a hedonistic paradise when you enter the club. From start to finish, it was nothing but great. Our group was able to bypass the lines and get in for free with no hassle. The bouncers were professional & very nice, and the bartenders made great drinks. My Midori Sweet was made perfectly! It's more of a lounge than a club, however, since the dance floor was teeny tiny. Fine in the beginning, but as it gets later it gets packed to the point of not being able to dance. And how hot were the gogo dancers/cocktail waitresses? They're friendly and have the best outfits on the strip. And I love that you can gamble there. Ladies, keep in mind that It's outdoors and gets super hot & humid, so watch out if your hair frizzes. At least they have those misters to help cool things down. And the bathroom is clean and not super tiny, so you don't have to be afraid of going into the bathroom to fix your hair/makeup. Overall, gorgeous venue, gorgeous people, good experience. I'd recommend it!
1	I went to VEGAS for my 30th Birthday party with my twin brother, and our crew of 15.  We were all very excited to get into Surrender Nightclub as this place had been hyped up as one of the hot spots not to miss out on.  We even reserved a table for bottle service.  First of all, we waited 1 hour to get in.  Ok, fine...it was Labor Day weekend and they were trying to build the hype up for the evening, but then we got in and lets make a long story short, we and 2 other tables in our area waited 1.5 hours for our first bottle to arrive... ARE YOU SERIOUS!! 1- Me and all my guests were very irritated, not to mention the fun was taken out of the birthday celebration evening, 2- We can  spend $2k somewhere else and get better service, 3- Who is managing such a place?  All-in-all Surrender is a very amazing venue, with a very fun crowd! We all did stay after management FINALLY bought us 2 rounds of drinks and we cancelled our table service.  This was where i was supposed to be on Sun"DAY", but after this experience and the bad taste it left in my mouth, I did not return :(  Bottle Service here is NOT WORTH IT!
3	Dancing area is limited, pool is aesthetically appealing but turns into an obstacle as the night goes on, people are stuck-up and not looking to have fun, casino is nice.Didn't have the best time here, but I'd recommend it to check it out at least once. Bouncers are your usual meat-heads, but if you get there early, you don't have to tolerate them too much.
5	its sad that almost all my reviews since moving to las vegas have been about the nightlife, but I guess it could be worse....anyways, came to surrender last night and all i gotta say is i gave this place 5 stars and i didnt even like the music they played (house). its thats good. the layout is stunning and the overall vibe was cool. everyone really dressed to impress. i dunno how much cover was (im guessing around $30, bottles $500?). beds and cabanas all around the pool (cabanas come with a '50 flat screen tv in it.... just in case, you know you want to watch a family guy episode in between shots i guess) and the line was almost out of the hotel, so its key you need to either need to take out a small loan or have connects (my friend bought 3 vodka and red bulls that contained mostly lice: $58!). i havent been to XS yet so i cant crown this place the go to spot just yet (if they switched up the music, game over) so ill reserve judgment for now. As for dress code, heres a little secret about vegas: THERE IS NO DRESS CODE. ive seen people walk in with sandals,shorts, and once a fishing rod (true story). It's all politics people.
4	We came here because XS was charging guys $100 admission and my friends and I didn't think it was fair  to have our one guy friend pay that much to get in. We heard Rihanna was there Saturday night so maybe that's why they kept raising the guy's admission fees every half hour or so. I actually don't know why so many people gave this club a bad review. Yes, it's small with not much area for dancing because of the tables surrounding the pool, but it's a really nice location. The only thing I didn't like about this club was that since it's mostly outdoors there are people smoking everywhere. Secondhand smoke is just as bad as firsthand smoking, not to mention that it stinks!
5	My husband and I came here for our 3 year anniversary after eating dinner at Okada. We had a friend who told us to talk to Justin at the door who could not have been nicer. And we also spent time talking to Drew one of the door guys who was the nicest door person we had ever met. Once inside this awesome club we sat at the tables with Sylvester as our dealer. And once again blown away by how friendly everyone was!I literally wrote everyone's names down in my phone because I wanted to be sure to write a yelp review for them.My husband is in the hospitality industry so we really notice and appreciate great service. And it was exceptional here.Oh and the people, music and spot were also awesome. We went on a Wednesday night.
4	You'll realize why i like this place in the end.... First off, I could have got the girls in for free, however, we had a friend who got us girls and guys in for $65 a pop. It included, entry ahead of the line, entry fee and bottle service. Personally, I could do without the bottle service. Nevertheless, I was happy that we had a nice, spacious area to hangout and a place to sit! in vegas, this can be hard to come by.On Thursdays nights it turns into a nightclub/ pool party. The rest of the nights it is just a club. Be careful of those who are a bit tipsy, dont fall into the pool!I like to be by the pool, so decor gets a thumbs up. The crowd, nothing more than most places. However, the hostess was very nice, making sure that everyone was well of course. Had a great time. One thing i dont like, uhhh I HAVE to buy water. I had this small 8oz. (prob. smaller) bottle I was made to buy. I asked just for a cup of water and it was a no go. Huh?! really? I dont think I have ever been to a club a someone deny me water in a cup! Really? I just dont get that,. Highlight of my night, the random girls who come up, or the girls the guys bring over to our table. No worries, theres no more alc. But did the girls know that? Nope. Our friend puts water in the grey goose bottle, and pours it in a cup with juice. Girls had no idea! they thought it tasted pretty good! ha! o man, hilarious!Talk about a way to be a baller and it costs you nothing!
5	Probably the best club experience I've ever had!! I went to Surrender last Saturday with a bunch of my homies from LA. and we seriously had too much fun!Firtst, we all got in for dirt cheap thanks to a good connect. Second, the place is fucking off the hook!! It was so nice inside and all the ppl were really friendly! Everyone was upscale and down to have a good time. The dance floor isn't really that small but don't expect to get out there and go dumb or create a circle so all your drunk friends can watch you break dance, cuz that's not gonna happen. Lastly, the music was really nice, pop and hip-hop with a bit of house tossed in. They really had something for everyone!I didn't buy any drinks but I heard the patron shots were like $17 a piece, typical for Vegas. The craziest thing was that there is a big ass pool in the middle of the club and at least 1,000 drunk ppl. Yet, not a single person fell or was pushed into the pool!! Like there were hella close calls but everyone stayed dry!The club is outside but honestly it felt like I was inside! And Vegas is already hot as shit, so it was good that we were able to breathe fresh air! I honestly think that Surrender is going to give XS a run for its money in the upcoming years!
5	This place is buuuumpin! My boyfriend and I visited Surrender for a late nigh pool party and a Kaskade show. The pool party was tons of fun. We had so much fun just people watching. We are not big drinkers so it was quite interesting seeing people fall over themselves and such. The DJ was great and the club itself is like nothing I have ever experienced. I love how the lights that surround the club change to the beat of the music. That's hot. The best way to get into this club is by staying at the hotel. We had our own line and were in within 2 minutes. If you aren't staying at the club expect a 2 hour plus wait. Oh! Kaskade plays at the club every Sunday from 8am-2pm.
4	The newer, mini-version of XSSurrender is absolutely gorgeous -- with the large pool, two-story cabanas/tables, indoor (air-conditioned!) dance floor, and beautiful lights, it definitely is placed in my "best clubs of Vegas" category.The theme here is Adam and Eve-like, with the forbidden fruit and snake. I love themed clubs or clubs that have a center of focus :)I've been admitted twice, first was "crashing" a bachelorette party and sneaking in with the girls for free, and second was on a guestlist through a friend. It seems difficult to get in unless you know a promoter -- just like how all clubs in Vegas are, and especially new ones! but I don't believe guys can get in for free at all unfortunately.Also, both times I've been pretty smashed while I was here so I just remember it being a good (short) time.. and $8 Fiji water!
5	The best clubbing experience i have had in a while....i mean the last time I came out to a club and danced like this without having sweaty, drunk ppl stumbling over me.Got there around 10 pm, stood in line for about 20 minutes, party of 2 guys and 3 ladies. We got carded and paid $30...and the night began.Chilled Ciroc shots, Kamikaze drinks while we overlooked the pool...its was awesome. The DJ had us on our feet all night, the crowd was mixed and fun...the vibe was just what i expected of a Vegas night club!!!
3	WTF!!! This is allegedly the bom club nowadaysWent there this past weekend for aFriends bachelor party 10 Fkn dudes tryin 2get in 2 The mostHappening club.  Ya right, right? Well, come 2 find out that surprise surprise,The bottom line is money and no oneGives a flyinglotus of a Fuk Went there, got 2 tables 3 bottlesAll kinds of ho's, ppl dancingDrink yr ass off.U don't even have 2 talk 2girlsMofos bring girls 2u But watch out, they mostly jus want Free drinks from dudes.  Tell em 2eat a diiiiikkk The club itself is pretty beautifulIt's inside The encore hotelThe entrance area is a total madhouseBad enuff 2 make u say fk this bs.They let The girls in to get guys to come I don't understand y they suk these girls diksFkn girls aren't spending a dollarI read 2 other reviews written By girls And both of them are talkin about The $8 they spent on water  Fkn pathetic.And they hate on dudes unless u buy bottlesAnd If u do buy bottles, make any demandsThey will Bring that shit 2uNo matter how ridiculously outlandish it isAh, The blessing of not giving a fk I guarantee u I will never go 2 a club againI'm glad our bachelor had a great time My bachelor party would be Straight upat a scanless assStripclub like sapphireOverall, a great time. I even passed out At our table and got mad at security for waking me upU can do that wen u spend 2g's   fk clubs in their asses But our bachelor is a clubber and saidThat it was The best club he's ever been 2  WEEEEEEKKKKKKKKKKKK
4	We got Bottle Service here at Surrender. The service is great! They bring out the Grey Goose bottle in it's own type of jacket.I will admit that this venue is similar to XS, but significantly smaller and not as "hip." However, the lines aren't as drastic and it's a decent alternative to going to XS. It's got a huge pool, decent music, and very good looking people. The dance floor, unfortunately, is rather small.Overall: I would still go to XS over Surrender. If you can't get into XS, you can go to Surrender.
3	This review is for what I remember as we pre partied in the room. Beautiful inside and out. It seems like a lot more of the club is outside. The music wasnt great. Again, just like XS it isnt a place where you go to dance. Its a place you go to be seen. Drinks are expensive as with anywhere in the Wynn. One plus is that they do offer guest list so you wont have to pay cover and it is not such a bitch to get in.
5	I actually really like this place, tryst is still 1st place. I might actually enjoy this place more then XS. I do have to agree with Tracy (we celebrated our birthday here together) that the secondhand smoke is just plain disgusting. I wish they will just make a smoking area. Whole night I was paranoid some drunk smoker will burn me with their cigarette. Us girls did have to pay $30 to get in, and our one guy friend tip the bouncer to get line cut. Well worth it.
5	Love this place!  Beautiful, spacious and tons of good looking people.  You can dance outside in the open air near the pool.  If dancing is not your thing, you can even gamble without leaving the club.
2	If you like to awkwardly stand around and maybe sway to the music, then Surrender is your place to be. Also, if you like to be molested by strangers and have sweaty strangers pressed up against you, then Surrender is still your place to be. How is this possible? Because Surrender is the land of opposites with nothing in between. On one hand, we have the space by the pool, occupied sparsely on a Saturday night by bottle-service people on beds and random people walking around and talking but no one dancing or apparently enjoying themselves. On the other hand, we have the area around the bar and the "indoor" part where people are packed like sardines trying to dance. I just wanted to dance and Surrender really wasn't conducive to this at all. The line looked ridiculous as well and if I had to wait in that line, I'd probably be even more upset. The bar staff was reallllly slow and getting a drink was so arduous I thought about stocking up when I was actually able to order one. Music got sorta repetitive over time. Overall, I'm underwhelmed.
4	Went here for the soft opening months ago. Amazing! :) it was open bar till midnight and the whole place was really nice. I've never been to encore beach but my friends said that he pool area is encore beach and surrender is just the added bar area. I don't care though because either way both are really nice. I've been back a couple times and every time I have an amazing time! it can get really crowded and because the pool is so close I feel like one wrong move and I might fall in. lol.
4	Surrender is another version of XS minus the casino. They pretty much play the same music--mostly trance with some hiphop. They both have pools. Surrender does have poles placed around the pool for those I-had-too-much-to-drink moments when you think you're the sh*t and can shake it like Beyonce. Beware there will always be evidence the next morning ;)The club was fairly easy to get into. The bouncers are sociable and the promoters are cool. We got line cuts on a Saturday night without problems. However, for a Saturday night, it wasn't jam packed. It was quite chill.Bonus star for a clean and modern designed restroom! Very nice aesthetics.  It's one of those few public restrooms where you're actually enjoying some vanity time with the girls. Pictures and scandalous moments ensued.
4	The POLE at Surrender: 5 stars!Emmie + alcohol + pole = guaranteed good time, even if it's by myself LOL. NO SHAME I TELL YAH! Dancing makes me happy :) It doesn't hurt that I'm a great dancer either. Yup Yup, tooting my own horn. *TOOT TOOT*Ok, I'm done with the pole. The club itself is pretty nice, outside and inside area (though inside area is small, not as big as XS). It wasn't that crowded on a Saturday night but it was a good amount of people for you to people watch :) *Stalker status*I like the clean & nicely decorated bathrooms, even though there's a naked maniquin floating on topI like the round comfortable beds that you can sit/lay onI like that we skipped the lines and got in free (though probably b/c we were girls)I like you Surrender, just play better music next time and we can be BFF
1	Trance and Techno music, over-priced watered down drinks, a-hole staff and security. . . $30 entrance fee and super tiny dance floor.Really??!?! I don't get the hype.  The venue is gorgeous, but I'd rather hit up a strip club. . . I can get a lap dance for $30.
4	This place was pretty popping when I went on a Saturday Night. I personally prefer this night club to XS because it's cheaper ($40 instead of $50), and they have a much better girl to guy ratio than XS. The venue is also really pretty. The pool is well lit and they have cool lil bridges that stretch across the pool so that if you want to go from one side to the other of the pool, you don't have to walk all the way around. Very convenient. The only reason why I can't give this club 5 stars is because 4 AMF's cost me around $75 before tip...that's ridiculous. Regardless, I had a good time and would recommend this to people who are looking for the XS experience with a better girl to guy ratio.
5	Surrender is a very nice lounge/club. The pool area is gorgeous, very different from all the other Vegas clubs. The outside area is great to lounge, talk, catch up. Inside is a lot louder, and definitely more of a club, so you can go in there and party till the wee morning. The cabanas are very nice, and you could get a vip area outside or inside. Both have their pros and cons. Inside, you're inside partying, but the view isn't as nice as outside where you can watch the pool and relax. Make sure you don't get in the water, touch the water, or stand on the lily pads in the water. The bouncers will come and get you quickly.
4	Definitely the most aesthetically appealing club in Las Vegas! We got to pole dance in the water and ruin our newly-purchased leather shoes... but who cares... it's Vegas!The people there were surprisingly really sweet; my girlfriends and I got invited to a couple tables and a cabana, no strings attached.The actual dance floor was REALLY hot and crowded so we never ventured over there.The only downside was that we were on a guestlist but still had to wait a ridiculous amount to get in... the guest line was longer than the general admission line!But overall, Surrender is extremely beautiful and definitely worth a gander when anyone is in Vegas. Be sure to get on someone's list, though... or you'll be waiting all night!
4	I agree with everyone, Surrender is similar to XS. However, Surrender plays more house/techno music and is less crowded. The pool is beautiful and is what makes Surrender so comparable to XS, but the pool here has a small walkway through the middle. Be careful when you walk here because it is wet from the pool, obviously.I did notice more girls than guys here on the night we went. Big plus for us, but I can imagine it would be a pain if we wanted to come here with our guy friends.I can't comment on the prices because 1) my friends and I got in for free because we were all girls, and 2) we had been predrinking, so we didn't spend money on drinks.Overall, my friends and I enjoyed ourselves.
4	I'm sort of in between giving this place three and four stars. I'm not really a fan, but I think it is worthy of four-star treatment.Visually, the place is pretty impressive. I'm not sure if there are multiple entrances, but as soon as we entered, we were outside in the pool area. No doubt about it. This is a nice looking club. I think it was around 1am by the time we got there, so it was already full of people. Fortunately, not overcrowded like Labor Day weekend at Tao, but enough people for it to feel like the place to be.My friends were there to dance, so that's pretty much what we did until we left at around 3am. I was feeling most of the music, but it got a little bland towards the end there. It might just be my taste, but I feel like the mix of music could have been better.Oh yeah. It was a $40 cover for guys. It was supposed to be $30 for the girls, but one of them worked some witchy magic and managed to at least get the girls in for free. My friend bought me a drink to compensate for my lack of boobs. I was fine with paying cover. I hardly ever go out anyway.Overall, I think Surrender is worth checking out. Beautiful spot with a nice outdoor area, especially in that short time in Vegas when it's not too hot and not too cold.
4	I would definitely come back here. A lot of people, we came in late, but still able to get in right away and so spacious still. The place is just awesome. Very high end. Drink prices are okay, considering the bouginess of this place.
1	5 Stars for the fun that I had.1 Star for the racist promoters/security we had to deal with.---------------------Yes Racist.  Let's see if you guys agree with me on this.  It's Halloween.  You can wear whatever you want no matter what race you are!  Is this not racist when one of the promoters, made 2 of my friends buy SURRENDER Tshirts for $40 EACH!  You may ask why?  Because they were too revealing.. WTF.. Revealing?!? They are guys.. They just had a SWAT vest on that was ZIPPED UP!  The only thing showing was their ARMS!!!!!!!!  So They bought it to not get into a fight.  THEN, we got into the club... They got hot and took off their shirts... Security or the Promoter supposedly were FOLLOWING/SURVEILLING them around the club for some apparent reason and told them to put their shirts back on or they will get kicked out of the club... WTF?!?!?  My friends were pointing out to them all those other white guys that were like HALF NAKED and had even MORE revealing costumes than they did...It didn't matter to them...so they put the tshirts back on once again....RIDICULOUS OR WHAT?!?!?---------------------------Otherwise,This place is a mini version of XS, but somehow I had way more fun here than XS this past weekend.  We went on a Friday night, and even though we are not allowed to put our feet in the pool, it was still spacious and beautiful.  Music was awesome on Friday night.  Hot gogo dancers.. Small dance floor but hey, you are here for the atmosphere of the whole place!  I am glad I have been able to come here during the day and during the night now!They give you stamps so you are able to go in and out!
4	Had a damn good time here this past Saturday! Love love love the pool, cabanas, tables (craps!), and overall atmosphere. I disagree with everyone saying that Surrender is really similar to XS. Yea, they share a lot of the same elements but they're totally different! Not to be missed. Tip for the ladies: Though I prefer Surrender over XS, the set up at XS is MUCH better if you wanna do some table-hopping.
2	It was okay Boo for upping  the price shouldnt it be cheaper if you come later ?not as nice as X/S located  in the same vacinity  as Surrender but it was okay. Security was so disorganized, and the promoters  were awefully  confuse into which line to  put us in not really much  coordination.I had an Okay time the Dj wasnt really  fluent  in pumping out a good mix  kinda  awkward  you know by the way  its not cool to play semi slow songs  in a club. Its  vegas  hence therefore keep the energy high this isnt high school.Great time nonetheless. and ohh yeah I got water on my shoes is that normal at a club?
4	Came here 3 times (so far) on 3 different trips this year. All on different days of the week.On Fridays and Saturday there are plenty of people but it's never too crowded. Thursdays are dead and the crowd was boring.Comparing to XS:-  Better gambling area at XS. Tables at XS are loud and fun. Surrender's tables are not that exciting.- Better dance floor at XS. The dance floor at Surrender isn't really open because there are tables everywhere and you're always dancing in front of someone's table. - Surrender's outdoor area looks nicer. There are colorful lights that change with the beat. - You can dance in the water at XS but not Surrender.- Both have lots of dance poles. At XS they are next to the tables. At Surrender, there are 2 areas with multiple poles away from the tables.
4	Surrender is definitely one of the most beautiful club in Vegas! Filled with cabanas, day beds and poles -- the place is absoultely stunning at night.The only think I'd change is the music-- we need more hip hop here! Besides that, I would say Surrender is my new favorite spot in Vegas. It's less crowded than XS and TAO but still has that swanky Vegas feel to it!
5	XS blew me away last year and I didn't think that any clubs could oust that. I was at Surrender the Friday before Halloween 2010 and this place was absolutely gorgeous. The people, the place and me. All in all, words cannot describe this place, just go!
5	Came here again this past Halloween weekend and just like my prior visit, Surrender never ceases to amaze me. Had cabana 107 again, the AOD Cabana, how we like to call it. Got hooked up again thru my contact, so our min spend was super low and we got the prime spot.It was POPPIN! With the amount of girls in the cabana, im surprised no crazy shit went down!  There was an incident with a bottle and a cocktail waitress,but since i was relieving myself in the bathroom,  I do not know what exactly happened.Overall another crazy night at Surrender, see you in a few weeks!
4	I went on halloween wkend! Get on guest list, girls are free. Get there early so, the wait time isn't as long. Once in the place is beautiful. Pools in the middle, walkways to cross, craps and blackjack tables in one of the bar areas! Only thing with the craps table dealers were that they were grumpy. But the cocktail waitress was friendly and awesome! There were strip poles also. There were so many great costumes, from sexy to very creative to unique! Costume contest I think was $15000! Music was good also =) a must go, if in Vegas!
4	A club in Las Vegas where even guys can get free drinks without a table? That's unheard of! Well, you can at Surrender though there is one catch - you'll have to gamble at the tables by the pool to collect your free drinks!I headed to Surrender with a mixed gender group of friends and was not fully in the mood to hard-core dance. I was very much in the mood to play Craps (and win!) by the pool in the beautiful club setting though! And it was so much more fun to play Craps to fun dance music than in a normal casino! My friends who didn't feel like gambling hung out near the bar or wandered around to cabanas and the dance floor. I mostly stayed on the table and had a blast! A lot of people around the table were dancing while they rolled and bet which made Craps even livelier than usual! On a different kind of night, I'd love to both gamble and tear it up on the dance floor or near the outdoor cabanas. I must admit it can be hard to pull me away from any Craps table when I'm winning and the drinks are coming quickly though...!
4	This is XS's midget sister. She's a lot easier than XS in the sense that you can get in faster.Even though she's smaller, she's just as fun.She brings in about the same crowd.But she seems like the raver type compared to XS.And she definitely does not let you go into her pool.
4	Wednesday night is *u guess it* INDUSTRY NIGHT here. I suggest you "surrender" all your money to this place.  Definitely splurge on the bottle service. Get the cabana.  The service was excellent and the waitresses were very attentive.  Also, they have a craps table here.  I had a very good string of luck here so I guess my review is partially biased because of that.The only negative is that most of this place is outside so it can get chilly during the winter.
5	Seriously one of the BEST clubs in Vegas. I thought nothing could top XS but wow. Really pretty venue and the ambiance is way chill. Drinks were the typical vegas price but it was well worth it because they played good music.Surrender over XS any day!!
4	XS is too ridiculous. I would honestly pick Surrender nightclub over XS any day. it is so much easier to get in and although it's smaller, I like the intimacy of it. the one thing I was extremely fascinated about were the lights on the walls of the club going along with the music, I felt like I was at a rave haha! the indoor area of the club was very small, crowded and a lot of people were dancing over at the entrance and DJ booth. towards the middle of the night I found myself making my way to the opposite side where it was much more chill and lots of space to dance! there were bars at both sides of the club so it made it real convenient to get drinks [2 LC's for $28 ='( ] another thing, I really like the security here, they didn't kick me off the reservation sofas when I was tired and after I told them a guy that was rollin' balls and was taking up my sofa space they helped him walk around and find his group ahahaha. I like the fact that they just laughed about it and was like "that guy is having the time of his life right now."I would definitely love to come back and get an outdoor cabana ;)the only sucky part about Surrender is the fact that we can't get into the pool but it's okay! can't get everything you want. I really enjoyed Surrender Nightclub and I hope to attend one of the nights when Steve Aoki is there whoop whoop! :)
4	love the venue.. it's so nice! and because it's mostly outdoor, it is not stuffy. sign up for the guest list - ladies are free. guys paid a reduced price, if you have those "reduced admission" cards. My guy friends ended up saving $10.i didnt like the music at first - they kept playing house music. But later on the music started getting better. Go Go Dancers are hot! i couldnt keep my eyes off of them. lol The dancefloor is small though, it's indoor and it gets crowded fast. I suggest u dance outside with the pretty lights and breathable air!
3	This nightclub is a poolside venue, which in itself is pretty cool. While I was impressed with the decor, the atmosphere was not quite what I was looking for for a typical Vegas night. It was pretty laid back, with groups of people scattered all around the pool and lounging in cabanas. There was a dance floor but it was small in comparison to others, and consequently super crowded. If you're looking to kick back a few drinks with friends or chat up some dudes who have a cabana, this is the place for you. If you want a higher energy atmosphere I'd say look into other Vegas clubs.
2	Too expensive...3 strong islands for $54?!We got lucky bc our local friends got 15 of us in for free with no line.They do have craps & blackjack tables across the pool.Small dance floor areas.I do like how it's half indoor and outdoor, very similar to XS.Lower the drink prices and maybe i'll have more fun!
4	I loved surrender. It's awesome! Decor is gorgeous like everything else Steve Wynn has managed to put together. He knew what he was doing by opening up Surrender as a sister club of XS. Now don't get me wrong XS is amazing but Surrender definitely has much potential. The lighting was gorgeous, like I said it was really awesome. Came here Halloween night after trying to go into XS but there was line complications so our friend's cousin bought another bottle and got us in. There was no problems at the front and we got in quickly and smoothly. The guy showed us to our table and we drank and danced the night away. House music was on point and we had one heck of a night. Can't wait to come back.
4	Surrender at the Encore is the colorful offspring of the classically gorgeous XS at the Wynn. They are somewhat different, very much similar, and both amazingly fun and exciting nightclubs. Steve Wynn has got this nightclub thing down!I've been to both numerous times, and always had so much fun. The music at Surrender is better than XS. The flashing colorful recessed lights are pretty cool. They remind me of the lights under cars in Fast and the Furious, except they're even better than that - they flash to the beat of the music.There are walkways across the water for you to real-life practice your modeling skills. There are two tent-looking things structured from poles that are perfect for you and your cute girlfriends to practice your Vegas moves! Caution: You may earn a crowd, and you may be photographed. (i.e. don't go commando!)My advice is to get there early, like 10:00, or it gets really difficult to get in without table service. Cover is usually a little bit less than XS ($40 instead of $50 on a Sat. night). Even better, get on someone's guest list, or find a Shuga Mama with a table to court you!
4	For those complaining about the drink prices...YES very expensive but it's Vegas you should expect it :)This place is very beautiful! I love taking photos by the pool :)  I do however, prefer XS over it.  I felt like Surrender was a huge lounge which was nice.  They have a very small indoor dance area.  The dancers are what I noticed!! They were excellent.  One was doing some stripper moves kinda cool tho! Anyway I didn't really see the big deal about this place I prefer XS :))
4	Surrender isn't your typical Vegas nightclub, IMO. It is structured around the pool, so much so that you have to cross through the pool or around to get from one side to another. The dance floor itself is mighty tiny, maybe only 10% out of the entire area of Surrender. On the other hand, there is plenty of VIP tables and areas, which are unaccessible to lowly cover-paying, line waiting club-goers like myself. Speaking of cover, I was here on a Saturday and our girls were able to get in for free but cover for our boys was $45. This may have been higher than normal because Far East Movement was performing and DJ Aoki was spinning that night (still reasonable compared to the $100 cover at Tryst that same night with Drake performing). Because of the way Surrender is set up around the pool, I'd come back to Surrender if I was with a group of friends that likes to chill at a table. If you're looking to meet people on the dance floor or just looking to get crazy on the dance floor, I wouldn't say this is the place to be (I'd rather be at XS or Tryst for those occasions). Surrender is a breathtaking place to be. The lighting around the pool and the trees make sort of a tropical, drunken Vegas  paradise. The casino tables are a nice touch as well. And for those reasons, 4 stars for you, Surrender.
5	I love this club! The bouncer/guy with headpiece in front of the line was SO incredibly nice and got us 8 girls and 9 guys (I know right, our girl to guy ratio sucked) in -- of course, girls did not have to pay but guys did. The club is beautiful, with the lights and music -I absolutely am crazy about house music- it was an awesome night. My only gripe is that yes, the dance floor is a bit small, but with a little bit of intoxication you can dance anywhere anyways. Drinks are pretty good and I felt a pleasant buzz after consumption.The security is also really friendly!Would definitely choose this club over XS anyday. ;)
4	Absolutely gorgeous! All clubs should look like this.. unfortunately seemed to have a tiny dance floor though, and when we were there, very few people were dancing (and this was around midnight on Friday night!) We didn't really stay long, but the place definitely gets points for aesthetics and awesome music.
4	I'm glad someone took pictures of Surrender because words cannot do justice on how awesome it is. There's a bar/dance floor area where there are girls dancing on poles to music. And the lighting not only matched the beat of the music inside, but outside too. Plenty of room to sit down or.dance outside too. And if you're tired from dancing, there are card tables on the other side of the venue away from the main dance area. I would've enjoyed the night even more if it weren't freezing in the outdoor area. Wynn did a nice job on the design of Surrender. I forgot I was in Vegas and thought I was somewhere exotic while I was there. I wouldn't mind surrendering my night again over here.
4	Beauuuuuutiful club.  I wish I went during the summer so I could waltz around in the pool instead of freezing my ass off in a skimpy dress.  One suggestion: heaters outside please :(  Other than that, there's plenty of places to sit outside and enjoy the view.  It takes awhile for the place to fill up, but once it does there's quite a goodlooking crowd out there that's ready to party.  I'm not quite sure where the dance floor is.  There's a small space between the front (inside) of the club and the DJ's station, but hey, everywhere's game for dancing right?  Steve Aoki's on residency Friday nights, but I'm not much of a fan so I couldn't really start enjoying the music until after he left.  Yeah yeah, hate all you want but house music just ain't my thang.Drinks are pricey.  Ladies, get yourself on the list with a promoter and you're good to go.  Can't wait for my next visit!
4	I liked Surrender - thus my 4 stars. I didn't experience any hostility and had no problems walking around the club, going outside for a phone call and dancing on the wooden tops of the couches. Well... that is until one of my friends got too drunk and they kicked us out. I still think this is fair.I will say though that I feared for the well being of my dress while walking across the thin platform across the pool. That required utmost concentration, maybe they can replace those with paths that are a bit wider so that if it's potentially wet.. girls (or guys) won't slip. Well, once you walk the plank over the pool to the outdoor area, there are these white couches and cabanas, it's pretty nice and I didn't experience any hostility grabbing a seat and enjoying a conversation with my friends and of course, random people.If I had to say one thing bad about this place, other than the narrow walkway, it would be not enough bathrooms. I think I stood in line ... surely there has to be more than 4 stalls for a busy Vegas nightclub at Encore? Alcohol is a dieuretic... Also, they don't let you use the poles :( those are for the dancers only (not for me, one of my friends is an aspiring pole dancer and was really looking forward to poles) Is it just me or would that be an awesome idea? That way, you don't have to pay girls to dance.All in all, I had fun surrendering to alcohol at Surrender.
5	One of my favorite clubs in town! I love the combination between the outdoor and indoor areas and the fact that there are plenty of places to find a private area to sit with your group and rest from time to time. That's key, given the very uncomfortable shoes I tend to wear when I go out. They play an eclectic array of music. As always, I would prefer more House and Trance, but I'm still happy with the variety they play.The dancers inside the club are some of the best I've ever seen. They're mesmerizing. I often find myself hypnotically watching their moves with envy. Can you say girl crush? Definitely A list all the way. The only negative is the lack of local deals that are available. I've luckily always been able to get on the guest list, so haven't had spend any money thus far. I always have a fun night out with my girls when we go here.
5	This is one of my favorite clubs.  The design and atmosphere are Aesthetically pleasing.  Expect to pay a lot for drinks as it is a quality club for vegas.  The club is spacious and if you don't like the crowd or if there are too many people in one area then move a few yards away and you'll have a completely different group.  There are places where the music is loud and places where you can talk with ease.  It literally provides something for everyone.
5	Love this place.  At the moment this is my favorite nightclub in Vegas.  The place is huge.  They let everyone in guestlist or not if you show up early enough (though you will have to pay if you go the general admission route, duh).  The pool area is absolutely beautiful.  Last time I was here was a Friday, 11/5/10 and Steve Aoki was spinning.  He killed it.  "I'm in the house!!!"The drinks here are definitely pricey but as I've said in my other reviews, that's just something you need to get used to.  There are plenty of lookers walking around this place ... definitely see some 10's on the female side.  The True Ratio is on point.My main points would be, don't waste your money buying bottle service unless you just really want to sit at a table.  Just show up around 9:45 and even a group of all guys will be able to get in.  You may have to wait 30 minutes and pay $30, but at least you'll get in.  If possible get on the guest list.  You can do this via their website.This place isn't quite the dance club that XS is.  The dance floor is really more of an open walkway where people decide they are going to dance.  But you gotta love the blackjack tables on one side, the three fully stocked bars, and the lovely poolside open air cabanas.I've also come here on a Wednesday night which was really cool.  It's industry night, so it's all the people who live and work in Vegas just letting loose.  If you have a resident's driver's license, I think you can get either free or reduced entry on Wednesdays.
4	I've been to XS and Tryst, but Surrender is by far my favorite out of all three clubs in the Wynn properties. The vibe that I got from this place is that while it is elegant, it is also very chill. The crowd includes mostly young people in their early 20s possibly coming from LA. There is a huge pool outside where you can walk around. Modern lounges and sofas are available for people to sit on without having to order expensive bottle service. Pros:- Interesting, novel music: it is unlike the ones you hear at a typical nightclub. I would say it's a combination of pop remixes and those new songs that you hear on a radio for the very first time that leaves you wondering "This song is really cool. I wonder who sang it?"- Dancers: they are obscenely talented! I say obscenely because the things that they do with a pole would make a Cirque du Soleil performer blush and a veteran stripper speechless. It doesn't get any better than this. - Large outdoor pool - so much more awesome in the summerCons:- Admission fee: Wynn has this annoying policy of charging local LV ladies, and this is primarily why I give it four stars. However, we did get in for free because my friend had a hook up. - Diluted drinks: At nearly 20 bucks a pop, I felt that my Blueberry vodka tonic was watered down. With that said, it might be worthwhile to pre-game in the hotel instead of spending too much money on drinks at this club.Overall, Surrender is one of the hottest clubs in Vegas right now. It is a trendy club but without the overbearing pretentiousness of its two sisters, XS and Tryst.
4	This is one of my favorite clubs in Las Vegas. They recently got Lil Jon as the resident DJ on Wednesday nights.. and might I say, he is a good DJ! He played all of the good, danceable hits and definitely hyped the crowd up. Drinks are expensive as with any other club on the strip. The club is beautiful. There's a bar inside and I think two outside. The only bad thing is that in the winter it gets cold if you're outside and the inside area is quite small and everyone tries to pack in. The dance floor is pretty small as well. And another thing, one bouncer was a real a**hole. He was so rude to my friend, but right when my friend gave him money, he was nice. Oh, right, it's Vegas.. money talks. Go here on a Wednesday night. Not too crowded and Lil Jon is a definite must see! Also, make sure you're on the list or you know somebody, other wise expect to wait awhile in line. Say you're on Mike Chow's guest list, he's a friend of mine!.. that should get you right in and no cover!
4	finally got a chance to check this club out. got in on the vip guestlist which granted us ladies open bar from 11-12am. how can you not love an open bar? nice decor. theres a small indoor area with tables and lots of go-go dancers to look at. i love that it opens up to the pool area and theres lots of places to sit and hang out if you don't want to dance. it was a bit windy and chilly but not too bad considering its december. this place is probably crackin' when its warmer out. fairly good mix of people...a lot of creepers, but thats hard to avoid. the music was good. i'll be back. =)
4	Had so much fun @ Surrender with my girlfriends :) We were in town for my friend's birthday and it happened to be the weekend of the Ugly Convention. Not to worry, we made the most of it and had a blast anyway. Hopped over to Surrender from XS and caught the final half of Steve Aoki's set -- amazing.The bar was easy, outdoor area was small but not cramped, bathrooms were a little stressful (wait times), but overall was an amazing night.Can't wait to go back!
3	Lots and lots of stripper poles... haha. My friend and I fooled around outside with one of them and we both failed miserably... I wonder how dancers do it so easily?Ehhh I think Surrender was okay. I felt like the place was small, and what made it worse was that it was raining that day so everyone was cramped inside... so it was disgustingly hot and gross inside... and then way too cold outside. Personally, I don't think Surrender is as good as the other clubs in Vegas..
4	Surrender is pretty tight... the light show they have outside is awesome... the gogo dancers are hot and the dj was great the night i went.... only problem was the 16 dollar drinks and 8 dollar waters... welcome to vegas i guesschampagne was free for girls that night...was able to get in without waiting in line by being a guest at the wynn, still had to pay cover tho...
5	This is definitely the go-to-spot when you visit Vegas. There were 4 of us girls, and we were treated like royalty. You don't get that kind of treatment in Hollywood! XS is very classy, but Surrender takes over when it comes to the atmosphere. It can get crowded, but it's very spacious from what I remembered. We didn't have to wait in the line, and we automatically received an offer to get bottle service. The people are really chill! The workers are nice. This is my favorite club so far! Can't wait to see how the next Vegas club will top Surrender. Let me tell you, PUSSY is POWER in Vegas!
4	Went here on a weekday night a few days before Christmas.  It was kinda an odd time to be in Vegas. Champagne was free for girls that night, which meant via female friends, free drinks for me.  That may have had an impact on my good impression of this place. A good number of cuties, unlike Haze.There's a nice outdoor area around the pool but it was cold out and misting so we didn't get to make much use of it.Girls got in for free.  I'd come back, good times.
3	Don't come here unless you have a table. This place caters to tables and cabanas and there is only one dinky little dance floor hidden in the middle somewhere. They also don't allow you to get in the water like at XS and hang out on the lounge chairs - laaaame!!!! I'd never come back here for clubbing but I do want to check out Encore Beach Club. Why isn't it called Surrender Beach Club?
5	this is the best night club ever! way better than XS
4	Great venue, to get your drink on, dance, etc. This mega club has a pool that takes up a lot of it's space, has a lounge feel to it in some parts.
1	This place is not all that.  I went on Friday night for New Year's Eve 2010 and there was no space.  Only outside in the Feezing cold.  No good looking people and it was hard to get to the free drinks cause they only had 3 bartendars at the main bar when I got there @ 10:30 P.M.  Also my friend got her iPhone pick pocketed from her closed clutch while in her hands.  Bunch of crooks in that place.  Should have wasted my hard earned money at XS instead.  Ugghhh!  Never wann go back to this place.  To make it worse, there were no cabs and the Wynn casino staff allowed everyone to stay in this long horrible freezing line outside.  They did not accomodate anyone inside in the heat.  They are the worst for a Wynn property.  Will re-think stepping foot back in this place.
5	I loved Surrender! The venue was beautiful, and just really big. Palm trees, pools, the works. I can't wait to go in the summer time so the pool can be of more use. Tables are spread out all around with enough breathing room, which is definitely a plus.
4	Came here on a Wednesday. Came in VIP, no wait at all, with a host (let me know if you'd like his contact info). Otherwise cover fee is $30 for girls and $40 for boys. We had some predrinks out in the casino and then there was free champagne for ladies until midnight. Lil John was in the club that night. The pole dancers were gorgeous and hypnotizing. The place was hot and packed. People were literally dancing shoulder to shoulder. Everyone seemed to be around their 20's and were really cool. It was so much fun dancing.The place is clean and very pretty. If only it were warmer, it would've been nice to hang out outside longer. There were palm trees, cabanas, a pool, and this outdoor gambling area- great to check out in summer.  Lots of bouncers strolling around keeping the place in check. They don't let you sit down unless you have have bottle service, but I find that silly when there are so many empty tables. The nice man I danced with got me a Fiji bottle of water for $8! But that small amount is not enough when you are super thirsty. So as a tip, just grab (if it's crowded enough) those cups of ice from the counter before the bartenders pour in alcohol. Or just use to the restroom and get tap. LOL Better to keep hydrated than to faint!Overall, this was my first time clubbing and I had a amazing experience. I'd love to come back when the weather is warmer!
4	Its either Surrender or XS for me! Surrender is a very nice club, the way they put together the whole club is very nice, however I think its better off as a pool party then a night club, but I'll still party and get down on the dance floor. At least the door man arent dick heads, maybe because I knew someone that worked there and she walked me right in lol.  I love the pool parties there, but I do not really recommend partying there over the winter time, way to cold and way to windy.  My girl was freezing her butt off even wearing a jacket, luckly we got some drinks in us and warm us right up and started to do the fancey footwork across the dance floor. Few tips for broke ass Joes - Don't come here on a budget, be prepared to drop some cash on some drinks.  Cmon get real its VEGAS what else can you expect. If your a broke ass joe good luck with the ladies! Shoot if I was a hot looking girl why wouldn't I take advantage of a dumb guy willing to pay for her drinks LOL. Fellas last tip - make sure its a guaranteed before you invite Bottle Groupies to the tables hahah.  ahhhh the single days :-)
3	Kind of a small club. There were some outdoor areas but it was too cold to venture out. I was here on a Saturday night, at around 12pm the line was fairly short. Our friends were already there earlier and so we were on the guestlist. We walked right in - past some people who had to pay, hehe. Free clubbing is always fun. $20 drinks are not as. After a bit we went out to one of the bars at the casino to drink, and was able to re-enter into Surrender. Decor-wise, the club is not much compared to XS or Lavo or any of the bigger clubs. The crowd was decent - a lot of youngish people in their 20s. Most of the creepy old guys lurked around the pole dancers. The music was mostly top 40's, with a mix of other genres. Quite enjoyable place for my first Las Vegas clubbing experience. Go here if you don't have to pay to get in.
4	This place is absolutely beautiful. While the majority of the guests stayed inside, my group took the pool area to our advantage. Thank goodness for heat lamps! We were even given a tour of the bungalows. That will be the only time that I lounge in one of those babies, as renting one out will cost you a good couple thousand bucks. Yowzah! We came in past 1am, so there wasn't a line. A Vegas first for me. And it actually wasn't too crowded either. I will warn you, the drinks cost a pretty penny. $17 is the most I've ever spent for a Long Island. At least it was good.
4	I came here on a weekend right after I got back from deployment with a few friends. The biggest thing that I liked was that the club was military friendly in a sense? Haha. When the bouncer checked my I.D. he asked me where I was stationed and if I had come back from deployment. By the time I said "Yes", he told me to hold up, walked to the manager, brought my friends in and got me in for free. Absolutely awesome! First time I've ever had an encounter where it was to my benefit to be in the military, hahaha.The club setup was really nice. It almost looked like something straight out of Grand Theft Auto: Miami Vice. There was a pool and bar where people could chill out at and a couple of lounging areas. But other than that, it was relatively small.Steve Aoki, one of my all-time favorite DJs was spinning that night. He blew that place to pieces and even sprayed me in the face with champagne; and I loved every second of it! The dance area was incredibly small though. That was the worst part of the club. Plus they even have a little bottle service area in the dance area! It's crowded as heck.I had a great night there regardless. But I'm sure if I had to pay the cover and not have the ability to dance, I would have been a little peeved.
5	Best club I have been to around Vegas. Given I have not a huge club goer... and haven't checked out all the clubs around town. But this club was great. Even though it is January and the weather was chilly the past week and this is an outdoor club for the most part, it was nice. Stopped by here for Industry Night and my friend had table and bottle service. The guys in front were very accommodating and very nice. We got inside without issues, even though not the whole party was there yet. The area inside was very big. Kinda bummed that the pool was closed because it was surprisingly not cold out. It was cool though that out by the pool there was these beds that were just open and a dance pole. It was quite outside since it was winter. The main bar area was too warm since it was crowded and seems like the heater was on. But that area was nice with the dragon on the wall and a bunch of go-gos on poles.This club had a younger crowd compared the many other ones.Drinks are pricey though.. running about $20 for an AMF with tips. $8 for small Fiji water. But industry night on Wednesdays means no cover for guys or girls.Will definitely be back when it is warmer to check out the beach club. I'm sure it is more fun during the warmer season. But definitely check it out. Very pretty place.
3	Was there on New Year's Day (freezing cold). It was nice little place until they kicked me out for being a little...you know!!  =(  Overall, nice environment, decor and reasonable music... but a little pricey (especially the drinks) even with the hook-up. At the price of their alcohol, I fought the cold and we took shots out of our car instead. The crowd was alright....there a few other places that are more happening for a much cheaper cost (i.e. free for guys).
3	While I'm never in these clubs while the masses are (typically only private company functions), I thought it was pretty good.  I liked XS better, but that's just me.  Gorgeous pool area - maybe once all that dieting pays off I can come here in the summer for a little see and be seen time in what is sure to be one of the outrageously expensive cabanas.If the crowds loitering around outside when we left were any indication, plenty of super hot Asian girls in short dresses are on the menu.
4	If you want to go to a club and enjoy the outside as well as inside experience, then lay down your arms and SURRENDER! This night club has a summer feel with the outdoor pool and cabanas, even though I did go in January, I still felt the warmth of the people in the club mixed with the cool night air, very refreshing by the way. There were a good mix of people, but I suggest you dress to impress because it was a feast for the eyes. I also suggest you go on the Encore website and get on the guest list for this place, that way you can stand in the VIP line and get in for free before 10:30pm. There were 4 of us girls and one round of shots cost $56 (one star off for overpriced booze). Try looking for the bar staff who walk around with shots, all you have to do is tip them. I came here when Lil' Jon was there, sorry peepz they didn't allow pictures of this "goblet holding, dread lock wearing, "yeah," rapper dude" so I have no proof other than the fact that there were tons of people there trying to get a photo of him too. Here's a tip, if you stand on the side by the bathroom entrance close to the bar, you can get a better glimpse of special guests. The bar staff were fast, but they didn't smile that much and looked like they were in a rush, don't get me wrong, they were pretty hurried with all the drink orders, but it doesn't hurt to smile at a person who holds the cash/credit card in hand. So if you like the outside type night clubs, then Surrender yourself!
4	This place has a more lounge like experience than a club. The dance floor is extremely small but this place doesn't get as packed as XS. Table service was not bad, expensive though. One bottle for every 4 people. My friends and i (6 people) got two bottles and it came out to 1.2K. This place looks very similiar to XS. If you're not much of a dancer, then I would suggest Surrender to being a better experience. But if you like to get BUCK WILD or whatever, then go to XS.
4	I've been here before and it wasn't that great. But this time when I went, I didn't even step outside to freeze to death like last time due to there being too many people - but my experience here this time was phenomenal!We found our way here after chilling at Marquee for a couple hours. We decided to bounce and check out Surrender since the crowd at Marquee was getting a little boring due to the average age of the crowd being around 30 (at least that's what it seemed). Luckily that night's theme at the club with Aoki's House which featured Steve Aoki as the DJ. Score!Steve Aoki is such an intense and interacting DJ, I lovedd it. Crowd was definitely better here - however it is a smaller club and I felt like the VIP/bottle service area was a little too crowded for comfort. But all in all, Surrender made it a good way to end the night.
3	Don't come here if you want a true nightclub experience.  You should look into club XS or club Marquee for that.  Surrender is more like a drinks lounge that turns defaults into a club when it gets overcrowded.  People start dancing in the walkways, there are no seating areas unless you get bottle service; etc.  This spillover areas were planned poorly so the foot traffic inside proves to be difficult on busy nights.  Expect to pay normal prices for drinks and bottle service.  I would recommend bottle or cabana service if you have a large group simple because there are no seating areas.  This area is probably much better during the warmer seasons, since I did see pool and outdoor areas, but it was too cold so they were closed off.Like the other few major nightlife venues in Vegas, Surrender books big names.  Steve Aoki played, with a surprise experience by Tiesto and Diplo.  Steve Aoki really drove the energy of the crowd, but the venue itself wasn't all that great.
1	No!! Bad!! Please make an appearance here only if:-You are from UC Irvine-You like gogo dancers in sparkling leopard bikinis-You do not want to dance. At all. (Bouncers flash flashlights at you and will hassle you along the walkway. Dance floor is about 10 sq ft.)-You still want to stand in line for a crap club
3	Hmmmm....this club makes me feel OLD!! While waiting in line, I was surrounded by young 21 year olds in "itty bitty barely cover coochie leave nothing to the imagination" dresses. They are loud and drunk and completely annoying. It made me think, "was I that obnoxious when I was that young?" God I hope not. So...you get your name on a guestlist and you wait in a super long ass line. But don't fret. People at Surrender are organized and the line goes by fairly quick. We got our hand stamped that said, "ID OK" but somehow when I looked at the stamp I thought it said "Idiot" and was offended (one too many drinks if you can't read anymore)! Cover was free for us which was nice (more money for drinks).The club itself is really nice. Spacious outdoor pool area and indoor patio-ish type set up.The views are nice. The music was not really my type, but had a good beat. The dancers were amazing in gold little bikinis and really knew how to dance. The bar was packed.The shots were expensive as hell. $14 a shot...and they were on the small side. NO BUENO. Shots with the cocktail waitresses walking around are free...just tip them! So we came.  Found out it was Lil' Jon's B-day. So we had 6 shots. waited to get a glimpse of Lil' Jon and we were outta there. Onto the next bar! Between the little painted on dresses and the golden bikini dancers I felt way overdressed...I must remember that less is more in Vegas!
4	This nightclub has been my first nightclub i have ever gone to in Las Vegas and I have to say, the vibe for this entire nightclub is amazing! The club is two stories with bottle service and gogo girls dancing on the poles! The lights in the club is absolutely outstanding! The lights aren't too dark or too bright! Just about right for an outside setting! I just turned 21 years old not too long ago about the end of last year and I feel like I am in the correct nightclub! Not one of those nightclubs where the old mid 30s-40s are trying to hit on the cougars! Definitely not this club! I feel awesome being here!It is expensive for guys to get in, but being at the club until 4am is worth every single dollar even when drinks are 8-15 dollars. I will definitely be coming back to this nightclub again for my next Las Vegas trip!
4	I love Surrender! The venue is super nice and it is very spacious. I really didn't see a central dance floor, but you can just dance anywhere like no one is watching. haha.  There are tons of cushions to sit on and I believe there are about 2-3 bars.  Girls go around with shots and they are complimentary, but it is always nice to leave them a tip,  The shots are quite tasty too! I can't wait to come back during some summer weather. I think going to surrender during the winter doesn't give it justice! SUMMER HERE I COME!
1	Surrender is def. the worst club in Vegas!!!What is the point of making a reservation if you are going to be treated like your scum when you arrive?. The venue is absolutly georgeous; however that is not quite enough to please a paying customer. I booked bottle service and when my party and I arrived we were told the bootle service and the guest list where different and we should go stand in another line (tone of voice was def. not courteous). After reassuring them we had a reservation and giving them our hosts name they finally allowed us to enter. We were taken outside to a table by the gambleing area which was not what I was promised. It was then that I was told "as soon as there is something else avaliable we will switch you". Trying not make it a big deal I accepted, then came the worst part. We order our bottle service told the waitress not to charge my credit card everything was to be paid cash. Shortly after the waitress came out with "her manager" who was extremely rude and bitter. She began to question why my last name was different on my card. I explained to her my card had my maiden name but we would be paying with cash so there would be no problem. She continue to taunt me and question me as though she was doing us a favor. Incredible., you go to a club to relax enjoy your time and spend hundreds of dollars to be treated like you stole something. THIS IS JUST UNACCEPTABLE!!!!I have been to many clubs and had bottle service many times paid with my credit card (which has my maiden name) never once have I been treated with such disrespect!!!Surrender needs new staff and the management is just horrific and tasteless.
1	This is my very first review. I just felt i needed to warn people about this place. It is in regards to my visit on 8.27.10. (I know I SUPER lagged with this review, but better late than never.)In Vegas, usually my friends and I have no issue getting into clubs. This particular venue was not like the others. Since this club is fairly on the new side, I would suggest getting there early... Even if you're in a group of JUST ladies. The staff at Surrender were completely RUDE not only to the guys, but also the ladies. I guess since it is a new club they think that they could act like A-holes and get away with it. We actually waited in line for 1.5 hours. Why didn't we go somewhere else? Because we wanted to see what the hype was about for this place. Oh how I regret this decision.The place is aesthetically pleasing; hence the one and only star. Nice layout, but there was NO WHERE to dance except outside by the pool where there is a good amount of foot traffic. The one place that was designated for dancing was quite small and crowded, so expect for sloppy drunks to spill their drinks all over you. The music was subpar... I understand it's Vegas and mashups are "cool", but this DJ was playing old school music from the 70's.. which is wonderful, but not when I'm in Vegas and you made me pay to get in.This club is ultimately whack and I don't plan on ever going back.
4	This venue is one of the most stunning of all the clubs in vegas. Surrender and XS have to be my two favorites, by far. Tryst is always fun too but surrender really brings it.  The lighting and the music transport you to a magical world of heart pumping euphoria.  IT's 230 in the morning and we're still partying.  The vibe is awesome. People here are fantabulous.  There was a line to get in but not when you're well taken care of by some of the most awesome promoters in town.  It's always a fun night here. It was hillarious when a girlie went to use the restroom and double backed and said that she may as well toss up her last few drinks so she wouldn't be so wasted. LOL. oh man oh man. that's when you know your night is at its best. The folks here are awesome. We had lots of free drinks that night and can't remember the rest of the time after that. IT was a lot of fun. The waitresses were amazing and not the type to look at your like you're an idiot for throwing down the $2G's like you did for the four or five bottles and a nice cabana. It was awesome. I'm always in Vegas and this place never fails to impress!!
3	So, I would have rate this place less if it were not for the celebrities that were seen here...I'm not sure if there was even a dance floor but if there was one, that was the smallest dance floor ever at a club. The music was ok and the club was more of place to chill. When we went girls got in for free and champagne was complimentary.We went Valentine's weekend and we were about to leave at midnight (because the music was not to our liking) until we saw LMFAO! We stayed for the whole night just for them...it was AWESOME!My friends also have been there last year and said that they saw Far East Movement...so pick your weekends wisely...
5	BEST VEGAS EXPERIENCE EVER!I came here for my friends birthday back in October and it was honestly one of the best times I have had in Vegas. We had about 13 people in our group and all the guys including me decided to do bottle service. Our table was $1000 minimum with gratuity and tax coming out to about $1300. It may sound pricey but trust me these people treat you like royalty. The moment we walked into the bottle service line we were greeted by extremely friendly staff. They walked us over to our table which was outside in front of the bar and by the pool. Our hostess was extremely friendly. She told us that if we wanted anything including girls to come she could bring them over but if there was someone we didn;t want she could kick them out for us. talk about power hahaha. The bouncer that worked in our area was hilarious. He was trying to get us girls all night but for some reason it was like cougar night so it didn't really work out. The drinks were strong and the music was the best. I'm a house and trance fan so it was right up my alley. They start to play hip hop around 1AM.The layout and design of the club is amazing, very intricately detailed. Our hostess told us when its super packed they put glass over the pool to dance on...wish i could have seen that. By the end of the night most of the girls in our group got kicked out which we didnt get mad about because they were all beyond wasted and it made for funny stories in the morning. Overall a very good nightclub. A must if you are in Vegas.
2	2 stars for cool decor. everything else was MEH. bartenders are OKAY. When i tried to order a drink the bartender told me he doesnt know that drink...its malibu coconut with melon....i JUST told you what goes into the drink....lol i dont know i was just like really? BUT anyways, the decor is nice the music if your into like the trance stuff is okay i guess. However, me & my group ended up leaving & going to another club.
5	I DID NOT SURRENDER! lol...In the day time during summer..surrender is the encore beach club and at night it's transformed into surrender!Guestlist line wasn't that bad. The guy that was in charge of checking names, however, was douche bag! someone didn't take their chill pill that night or didn't get ass earlier that day. After giving him my promoter friend's name and my name, I asked him if one of the other promoters was there. This fool snapped and said, "well which list are you in?!?! You're giving me this name and this name!" WooOOo homie chill the fuck out! You already checked me off the guestlist and I was just asking you a question! anyways..i'll still give surrender 5 starsI came here last Saturday with one of my girls. It was cold as a mofo in vegas and their coat check in was all the way on the other side of the pool! But they did the cover the whole place with see-thru tents and had portable heaters everywhere!!!My homegirl and I enjoyed unlimited champagne til 12!TRUST me we took advantage of that and practically stationed ourselves my the bar! Enjoyed the music from the DJ by the bar and the bathroom lines were pretty much short! Servers in the smoking patios were pretty attentive, my ashtray was pretty much cleaned every time it has ash in it LOL!I'm definitely coming back to surrender!
3	Venue is ridiculously big and obviously trying to replicate XS with the whole outdoor pool area/cabana/beds type deal. It is beautiful though. Plus, hardly any line, not that girls have to anyways, but this should be a good thing for the guys. But let me get to the chase about why I think Surrender is only "A-OK". Perhaps it is because I went here at the end of January but they had barricaded the area to such a confined space that it was bothersome to even move. Main reason is - NO DANCEFLOOR. really??? They tried to make it up by having hot dancers on every pole... but for the ladies at the club, that only occupies our time for so long. The drinks were ridiculously priced and the alcohol they used I felt was watered down? It just didn't taste right. This place would work if you decide on getting a table. This is the truth. I will probably update this review when I visit in the Summer. Hopefully, they will have the whole area opened.
4	Had a blast here! My group got a cabana here and partied with vivid lasting memories... Yes, the club's main concern seems to be a lack of a bigger or designated dance floor due to its outdoor/ relaxed environment. Well we say screw it! Just got a bunch of girls and started a dance floor in front of our cabana area with a stripper pole right by! Came in handy I must say ;)
5	I really enjoyed my time at Surrender, although it is VERY similar to XS. It's got the same glam atmosphere on the inside, and the outside pool deck that's great for pictures and chilling/dancing with more air around you. The night that I went was the same night as Lil Jon's bday, so he was there as our VIP DJ, so you know that the music will be rocking all night long when u got lil jon in the house! We also had a VIP table service right near lil jon, where the table and booth area was pretty big. The normal dance floor isn't too big and definitely got really crowded, but the tables were blocked off from the dance floor, so we definitely had our space to dance around. The go go dancers were also dancing dispersed by the poles separated by different booths, and eventually we joined them up on the booths as well. Service was pretty good, they kept coming back to check up on us and provided those delicious chocolate dipped strawberries and fruits =P Had one of the funnest nights I've had in Vegas, so definitely giving surrender 5 stars!
3	We got in just before midnight, had a friend who had a table come out to get us and even though they already used all their comps, the bouncers were nice enough to still let us in for free. It's not as glamorous or spacious as XS and has more of a lounge-y feel to it, but I liked the crowd better. The night I was there, it was a waaay older crowd but still fun nonetheless! Small dance floor but huge outdoor patio with tons and tons of cabanas.
5	10.14.10 + 10.16.10There has been a string of new club openings (and closings) in Vegas since my trip in October.  So, in my limited sense of how the scene is there now, Surrender is my new favorite club.Poles by the tables?  Check.Outdoor and indoor seating?  Check.Shorter lines than XS and Tryst?  Double check.Tables to gamble on and free drinks?  Check.Love.
5	Super sexy club! Too pricey but we got in with these girls who had bottle service. Just got very lucky! The dance floor is cool but the stripper pole is where it's at. A very large out/indoor club. You can definitely get some breathing room if you need a break from dancing. Especially for those boyfriends you brought with you that hate clubbing but go just to make you happy. They can chill outside. There is also some blackjack tables they can attackI loved this club. Must go to it when you are in Vegas. Either that or XS.
2	Was there last Friday.Pros - very nice looking club, its by the pool, staff was great, good house music most of the night, pole dancerz, gambling inside, n0 problem with bottle service (no one was there)Cons - 1 DJ and his drunk grandma! (no kidding), too big for small crowds only 3 cabanas were filled on our side of pool (and we filled 2 of them!) on a Friday night, talent was weak1st and last time for me, felt really "lounge-y" to me. Must be nice during the summer time! Maybe I'll stay here and go swimming instead.
4	So like me, you're probably asking yourself the age old question: XS or Surrender? I've been to XS a few times and finally went to Surrender this past trip. Both are beautiful, both are new and shiny, both have pools, the list goes on and on. But what is actually the difference and why go to one over the other? This is what I think I've figured out.1. Surrender can only be truly enjoyed when the weather isn't cold or windy. Of course this is subject to debate and depending on how many drinks you've had, could be no problem. BUT, if you are a girl and sensitive to cold temperatures (like me), I would not recommend coming unless it's warm out. We went on a warmish but very windy night and it was miserable. Everyone was huddled by the heat lamps or just staying in the inside areas. At XS, you can clearly stay inside the whole time if you want. It's not that easy to do this at Surrender b/c it's mainly an outside set up. 2. Surrender is not your traditional dance club nightclub. There's practically no dance floor. So if you are coming to get down on the dance floor, you might have to settle for getting down... well, anywhere you find some space. OR... walk on over to XS and get down there :). That said, if you have ppl in your group who aren't that into dancing, this might be the perfect place b/c you can still enjoy all the other perks of the place w/o dancing: there are gaming tables like XS, multiple bars, plenty of places to stand around and talk/hang out, etc. 3. You can't put your feet in the pool to rest/cool off like you can at XS.4. Surrender is SOOOOO pretty, like amazing-take-your-breath-away beautiful. The lights, the set up, the pool, it's truly beautiful and you will be taking so many pictures. I promise.5. There are actually places you can sit down if you need to, but I think there are more options at XS.6. To avoid long lines and get reduced cover for guys and free entry for girls, find a promoter and make sure you have at least equal ratio of girls to guys. We did this and it made things a lot easier/faster/better/you-get-it.7. Big name DJs like Steve Aoki and Calvin Harris. For me, this is a huge plus, but if you don't like trance/house music, you might want to stay away from Surrender.... or even all of Vegas for that matter ;).8. I am in NO way complaining about drink prices in vegas, i get it, it's fine, BUT....  $8/9 for a small bottle of Fiji water?!?!!! They WON'T give you iced-tap water which is complete BS, it might even be illegal. Fortunately there's drinking fountains around... but wow. So which is better...? I think overall, I like XS better BUT... I might change my mind after the memorial day trip. Stay tuned :)
5	It's been a while since I've gone clubbing in Vegas, and usually when I do, we get a big group to split a table because I hate dealing with and pushing through crowds to get drinks. So when my friends suggested coming here, I was a bit dubious, since I'm not 22 and single to mingle. We had dudes and chicks in our group, so we waited in the common folk line while we watched the VIP and guest pass lines flow by. In line, I noticed the chicks' attire: hiked up mini-dresses wobbling in 4-inch+ stilettos. Dudes: button-down shirts were unbuttoned and revealing of man chesticles. I was mentally preparing myself for "that" kind of night.After only about a 30-minute wait (with workers trying to convince us to buy a table and front-of-the-line pass), $30 cover for women, $40 cover for men. We get inside (or should I say outside), and surprise!! It was so spacious, not a cluster-f, gorgeous, and very minimal drink lines! The "inside" dance area was a bit small, so we were dancing by the pool to DJ Calvin Harris, who was amazing!  .Barbra Streisand.  I will definitely be back! Summertime would be spectacular!
3	BTW get drinks near the pool in the plastic cups -- you get 1.5 times the size for the same price!It's more like a 3.5. A good mix of asians/white/hispanic/black. While I prefer a dance floor, better music (more on this in a bit), and all that -- I still had a great time nonetheless. Got here around 10PM and there was 0 line (minus the 20-30 GIRLS that cut us in line as a group LOL). Probably because everyone and their mothers were at Marquee that night. The bouncer gave us a hard time even though we were on the guest list at the front and split us guys into $30/$40 while girls walked in. Can't we just pay $35 each? Jeez.As for better music, Surrender plays a mix of electro-house, nothing progressive (but when Calvin Harris came on, it was more trance than anything). Some top 40 thrown in there. Heard Wolfgang Gartner + Deadmau5 - Animal Rights. That was as hard/good as it gets for you deadmau5 lovers.I heard Duck Sauce's Barbra Streisand 3 times that night. THREE. TIMES. ONE. NIGHT. Seriously.
2	To me, this club is the exact opposite of XS, which may or may not be a good or bad thing to some, but it was bad for me. Yes, there is a long wait time to get in usually, but we were able to get in quick because it was a Sunday. The club is basically the pool area at night with a bunch of bars and a few rooms for dancing. XS consists of a huge dance room and an outside area for people to chill and talk, while Surrender has a huge outside chill area and two small dance rooms. When people are spaced out too far apart from each other, it makes things more isolated and you can't really mingle with other people. At Surrender you really find yourself lounging around drinking with your friends outside, something that you could have already done anywhere else on the strip. You weren't in the middle of the music or the fun. The rooms had stripper poles and things like that, but at this place, I could tell that dancing wasn't their main concern. I was so bored even though I was drinking. I needed the hustle and bustle of a crowded dance floor and music blasting in my ear. This place is extremely beautiful with the lighting, but it's the ultimate LOUNGE, not night club. Go here if you simply want to lounge around and talk to your friends, but for me, I feel like I have ADD and need to be surrounded by those who want to dance and just have a good time.
4	I surrendered all my money and sobriety the night I came to this club.
5	This was the best time I had in Vegas.I came when Surrender first opened.  We waited in line from the guest list for maybe 5 minutes and were in free. We stayed for a few minutes, left for Tryst, then came back.Crowd was hopping, but not super busy. (It was also something like 3am).  It sounds like it's gotten hotter since.  At that time, I think everyone was still going to XS.I like the layout with the pool. It's really beautiful at night with the lights and all the pool suites kind of enclosing the space in.  It is more spread out, but we totally met lots of groups.  I don't really like the dragon thing on the dance floor, which we didn't spend much time in there.We had such a good time, we will definitely be back.
4	Surrender is so pretty! I was in awe when I walked in. Funny I should have known being in Encore! But wow! This place is really nice! This isn't your usual club its more of a lounge and everything is spread out! This place is huge! I recently went to Vegas with a bunch of friends and on a Wednesday night this was one of the happening places. I gotta say I'm glad I picked this! Yes the music was mostly house & electronic (which i slightly love lol) But I was also in the mood for some Top 40 (but this is based on DJ so that can't be helped).We got in pretty easy and it was really chill! Unlike other clubs in Vegas I didn't feel so squished and hectic! This place is perfect if you are in Vegas with a big group of friends and all you guys wanna do is dance and hang. Good place for that! I really like this place, I wanna go back!
5	The moment I entered Surrender, I could NEVER return to any other club (including XS). I guess it's because the DJ and music that got me hooked! I DO love house music. Surrender is a great place to chill with its spacious surroundings and amazing lighting. I love how you're just able to BREATHE instead of being trapped on a dark room with small dance floor while Ferry Corsten was playing (aka Marquee). We stayed at the cabana and had 2 bottles, which cost us roughly $1000. But hey-- at least the girls' feet didn't hurt from wearing those 4 inch heels! AND It was warm! Thank goodness we had the cabana because it was freaking windy that night! So windy that many skirts were flying up high. I guess that's good for you guys. HAHA. Anyway, great experience! Try it once!!!
5	This place gave me the TOTAL Vegas experience. I'm not the "clubbin" type of girl but when all the elements are there:-late night -a bunch of people you're never going to see again-house music (hella good DJ by the way)-outdoor seating next to a pool-boys-boys who offer free drinks-convenient bathroom location-so much space to accommodate so many people-lots of pretty people-lots of drinks again-lights-random stripper pole-I want to go back!It's a recipe for success! I don't have to explain much, it was just so much fun. Let's just say I took one for the team.
4	This place is more like a lounge feel. You can dance inside or outside. There are pools and water fountains cascading all over, and what's better than dancing under the star? There are ample amount of room to mingle. I believe you can rent a cabana from up stairs. I can't be sure. But seriously this place is pretty and is quite a view to see. They spin mainly house and a lot of mash ups, which I am not that thrilled about, but the venue itself is just so gorgeous. There are tons of places for you to sit. The go go dancers are cute too. Lost of room to get a drink. There is also a casino in one of the room, which is pretty cool. dream world... that's how I would describe it.
3	Beauuutiful venue.  It's located at the Encore pool area.  There are 3 bars, 2 of which are located outside.  Lots of space to sprawl and mingle.  My bartender was a dream.  However, there is 1 tiny dance floor area which kinda sucks.  There are sexy girls dancing on poles, but practically no space for anyone else to boogie.  That equates to dudes staring up, blankly.  Not so fun.  If I'd reserved a table I may have had a better time.  The crowd wasn't bad.  A good place to start the night but not an all-nighter venue for my taste anyway.
3	Meh, no thanks.  The music here is supposed to be a mix of hip hop and house music but it was straight up house music...i don't think i recognized a single song when I was there.  The only saving grace to this club was that guys don't bother you here.  We came on a saturday night, and it seemed like most people who come here were already coupled up and there weren't any single creepers roaming the dance floor.  $30 entrance fee, but luckily we got into the VIP line and asked to be put on the guest list and we got in for free.
1	BEWARE SCAM!!!! I have read about some las Vegas clubs that will sell a table and then a couple of hours later clear everything off  to sell to another person, but I did not think that Surrender would be the place to do this. Well I was wrong because that is exactly what happened to us.  We spent $2000 for 2 tables that would include 3 bottles of our choice of liquor. A couple of hours later the" general manager" sells one of our tables to another group and claims to give a refund to us. Did not happen and then we confronted him we were asked to leave. WARNING DO NOT COME HERE. They are liars and scammers.
5	This is the place to be!  I hate standing in line to get into a typical night club.  Surrender is the best club I have been to.  The inside is sort of dark and packed.  There are also 6 or so pole dancers.  Outside is where this place explodes.  Table service, private rooms all surrounding a beautifully well lighted pool area with an awesome DJ.  This is the right amount of SIN and a lot of class.  For once, I can say there is a club worth waiting for... even though I didn't have to.
3	Surrender's beautiful, but it's like XS minus the indoor area. So with that being said, it's more of a place to go if you're with a big group & you have a cabana. If you're not planning on spending some money on a table, I suggest you walk a little further down to XS!
5	Simply amazing. Sundays are the best night here!!! The music is great and the people are hot. Another plus is that it's not crazy packed like marquee.
5	Surrender is a VERY nice nightclub. My friend's and I got bottle service and it was a great night! We were close to the dance floor so we didn't have to leave our area to dance. The girls that served our drinks did so very well.  I like that it's around a pool of water. It's nice to look at.
4	Surrender Night Club at Wynn Beach ClubLV: StripFriday April 23, 20114 Stars.The place was exciting: Pole Dancers, Great Bartender, & Fun Music.  Next time, I am going to the Beach Club during the day.
4	WOW.. so pretty during the night. This hot spot in the Encore hotel is a beauty!Even though the pool takes up a good 80% of the club, there is still a lot of space for everyone to dance, mingle, and gamble. We had to ask one of the bouncers if anyone has fallen in... and surprisingly no one has.. hahahah The colors of the lights, the fountain, and the pool was truly majestic. The music was your typical house base bumping music so the crowd was hyped the whole night! The drings were delicious.. can't comment on the price since I was taken cared of ;) The one thing that stood out was the gambling area on the other side. You can dance the night away, drink a cocktail, and play blackjack all at the same time.The energy was through the roof.. too bad there isn't one! LOVED IT!
5	Oh My Gawd. Best club I've ever been to, and trust me, I've been to plenty of bars and clubs all over the country. On top of Encore, this club has been a lavish indoor lounge and also a huge, outdoor pool and bars. I came on a Wednesday night and was super lucky to have connections because it was an hour long line with $40 cover for guys, $30 for girls. I walked straight in without cover. Bottle service is $500 minimum here. As soon as I walked in, I saw Vin from Showtime's Gigolos. I also saw Francine Dee on the dance floor and did I mention Lil Jon was DJing 3ft away from me? Yea, this club is That hot! There are 5 girls to every guy and every girl is over the top decked out. After you get your drink in the lounge, walk outside to the pool and your jaws will drop. They have lounge sofas surrounding the pool and it is huge. Walking from one end to the other, even without a crowd, would take you a couple of minutes. They have a casino in the center across from the lounge on the other side of the pool. They also have a 2nd floor with private booths with lounge sofas and private jacuzzis! The party didn't really get krunk till 3am and lasted till 7am.Put this on your bucket list. You Have to party here once in your life!
3	very impressive place but everything is too spread out. cheaper than xs, they only required 1 bottle of priv for five of us to get a table of a sat night. not good to go to in cold weather unless you get a table inside.
3	I'd like to give Surrender another go. It has promise: the massive outdoor space split up by a mix of pools, lounge chairs and bars. I went the night of Lil Jon's birthday and he spun--I use the term loosely--for about 5 hours. That was tight. The 70 dollar cover....not so much. Fellas, if your ratio isn't better than 2:1, you better not know any of your other friends until you get inside. Go in one at a time.I kind of have an issue with the way the inside of this place is designed. As good as outside is, the inside is cramped, hot and annoying. Could be just that night, but everything was centered around the DJ booth where Lil Jon was. They could've done it outside, or in the intermediate tent area where most of the VIP tables were, but instead it was inside.I had a pretty decent time, though. Again, good-looking crowd, though maybe a bit older and stuffier than I would've liked. Also, shout out to the prejudiced bartender who took his dear sweet time to serve me. Eyes went wide when I pulled out my AMEX.
3	does no one go here anymore?the place is too big and not enough ppl.. we went on a saturday and it was pretty empty.. go to xs.. there are more ppl.. you might have a lot more fun.. as for surrender.. the crowd is older... late 20s and 30s.. i guess that is why my older friends liked the place.. im still on my mid 20s and i choose xs over this place if you have to stick to the wynn/encore.. if not... head over to marquee at the cosmo.. its the new hot thing and the place to go now a days..
4	Cool place, but almost certain you'll need to buy a bottle for entry. Not the best club I've been to in LV - it ranks up there though. Happy clubbing!
3	I was there last Friday night before the supposed Rapture. I figured if we were going to get vaporized, or left behind or whatever, we should be in a cool place, right? We all managed to get in for free (we were a group of practically 1:1 boys/girls), because my gf had her connections with promoters that made that happen.  **If you're going to Vegas and plan to do a bit of clubbing and going out, you really need to know a promoter, it'll save tons of money.** Anyway the entrance to the club isn't as breathtaking as the first view of the dance floor at XS, but the outdoor pool view was easy on the eyes.  The surrounding cabanas had reddish light shining on the walls, and the whole place was decked out with tables and seats and tons and tons of staff ready to help you spend money.  From what I heard from the other people that went with me, this place is actually a beach club/pool area in the day and it becomes Surrender at night. As for dancing, there's a little area between the bar and the entrance to the club that lets people dance, but the music is mostly house music.I don't really have a problem with house music, but Surrender isn't a dance club.  I ended up playing craps at the tables in Surrender while they were still had $15 minimums. It was fun for a good 30 minutes and the complimentary drink was offered just as I started playing, but there was simply no luck at that table.In short, Surrender is great to go to impress friends that don't dance.
3	I will begin with the fact that Surrender is very hit or miss depending on the time of year.  During the colder months (Oct-Feb), Surrender can be down right dead with nothing going on due to the fact that the it is too damn cold and the fact that most of the club is outdoors.  During the warmer months, Surrender is a visceral experience.  The crowd is good looking, the music is dumping and the lights running around the entire outside of the pool is a very nice addition.  Also, the open design of Surrender is very unique in Vegas, where you never feel totally crammed in or too crowded (unless you are on the dance floor).So given the fact that it is a well designed place, Surrender loses a star for a pretty lame experience.  I showed up in Feb 2011 with a group of about 20 people (10 girls/10 guys).  The line guy asked the girls to go in one line and the guys to go in another line.  Girls went straight in.  The guys.... had to wait for about 30-40 mins in front of the line.  Honestly, they wouldn't let us in until we paid off the line guy 20 bucks a head, then we had to pay cover, only to walk into a freakin dead club.  I understand girl/guy ratio in club in all, but the place was so empty this night, there was no ratio.On a good night (i.e. Summer weather) I would go back but make sure to get on the guest list first so as not to deal with bs.
3	Surrender has always been fun! I was here for my birthday last year during Memorial Day.  My party was lucky enough to see LMFAO perform.  The music is great, but minus one star for a teeny tiny dance floor and one more for the last time I was there.  I don't drink alcohol and I don't like bottled water - I'm okay with tap.The bartender gave me a free bottle of Fiji per manager - umm...okay I'm not going to say no.It's a TINY bottle, I was still thirsty after a while...I went back and asked for tap.  Bartender, "Sorry, but we can't serve that."  So I ended up paying $8 for a tiny bottle of water - I don't like plastic bottles.  Public water has more regulations than water from companies where they do their testing in house. I am not sure the legality of it all, but shouldn't I have the right to ask for a certain type of water regardless?  I'll pay for the freaking service fee if you charge one.
3	Really nice overall. Wed 5/25/111 star off for terrible layout. All you could do mostly is walk round the pool. The Only "dancefloor" was in front of dj but people were constantly walking through.1 star off because with table probably would have been better but for the majority of people without tables always felt outta place, even dj area felt like a hallwayNot bad place if your group wants a table otherwise look for something else
4	Before going to Surrender this is what I heard: small version of XS, no dance floor, uncool, go to XS instead, etc...After going to Surrender I was pleasantly surprised!  I really liked the outdoor portion.  Mr. Wynn does know how to make some amazing outdoor spaces for sure.  I had wanted to check this place out for a while and it took me a few months to finally visit.  I had been to XS and Tryst and Surrender doesn't fall too short of either at all!  I had a great time and we had no problems getting in.  One of my friends contacted a promoter who got our entire group of half girls and and guys in for free.  Unheard of!  The music was a great mix of electronic/house/hip-hop.  There were cool lasers too :)I usually feel like people at XS are trying to hard or are mad drama queens.  (I still love XS though ha!)  Here at Surrender it was great music, no problems, and just plain fun.  I did take quite a few shots of Henny before I left for the club but that is beside the point.  Just make sure not to get kicked out like my friends did.  They somehow got back in though!  Crazy night.  Fun times.  No stress.Btw: Water costs $8 a bottle.  It is a mini bottle of Figi water too.  After finishing the sip of water in a minute, my friend then refilled the bottles about 5 times for us while we were dancing on the dance floor.  Water fountains by the bathrooms... if you don't wanna waste your money on fancy water.
3	Selection of House was great, and it was cool being in a mosh pit in front of Lil' Jon, who was emceeing. Surrender is gorgeous, as an indoor-outdoor club surrounded by pools and with lots of space to walk around. The several stripper poles throughout are freaking awesome, too.Cover was reasonable, and it was easy for us to get in quickly. (Note: You gotta know how to talk to people properly lol--personality is key in Vegas. Pretty comes a dime a dozen.)But it loses two stars for the following:-- The wait at the main pool bar was ridic!!! I swear we waited 30+ mins, and that was after we shoved our way past some people who kept on taking orders for other people who arrived after us. Not cool. And I only remember my drink just being a "meh, OK."-- It got boring after a while, because the music just sounded the same. And I'm a HUGE House lover.-- For us ladies: There was a major lack of eyecandy. How can you have so many hot chicks, but no guys in there hot enough to make us do a double-take? My friend and I were sorely disappointed in this department. But beauty is in the eye of the beholder, so...
4	Spacious, clean, and a fun place. Only draw back, one particular bouncer has a GNARLY power issue. Me: 5'2. 105lbs.Bouncer: 6'+. 200lbs+Bouncer pushes me, I grab his arm as I'm falling. He grabs my arm bends down to my face and asks me if I have a problem. I told him he pushed me and he get's CRAZY on me.  Threatening me that he'll kick me out.  Ha!
4	We loved this place. It makes it better when you have connections and can get it for free, obviously, but I would have enjoyed it here even if I had to pay. It was also one of the only clubs we went to where the gentleman in the group were also not forced to pay. We went to see Steve Aoki and it was awesome. There were tons of people there dancing and having a great time. I kept expecting someone to fall into the pool in the middle but didn't get the pleasure of seeing it. I would love to get one of the rooms up top that overlook the strip as well as the club. The drinks were expensive but not as bad as XS. This was my first experience with house music and I have to say after coming here I am a fan.
4	I get the hype and the love! it's a fun club! Went here last weekend, and Sidney Samson did his set. Was impressed with the overall layout (so much room to roam and partying under the night sky was *love*), there wasn't really a dance floor perse but I guess the area closest to the dj was considered it. Anywho, I think my shout outs go to the bartenders from AZ who were so creative with their drink concoctions, it was nice to enjoy some Phoenix creativity which is something I gotta say for Phoenix bartenders they know their drinks =) Anywho, I just loved the overall vibe and my drunkenness helped make my night better, the vegas priced drinks didn't even faze me. lol. Um would I come back, yes, with more people, definitely yes! and will you be guaranteed a good time at Surrender I say HECK YES!!
3	Came here with a group of girls and of course you've got to get there early and be on the guestlist to get in for free, which is what we did.  The club is HUUGGEEEEEEEEEEE, but it actually opens up to Encore's Beach Club, which is prob why it's so freakin humungorous.  But be forewarned, it's $$$$ for drinks so either pre-fade before you get here or you better be ready to shell out some dough.  An example of this would be my girlfriend paid $75 for 5 shots of SoCo and Lime.  WTH...highway robbery I TELL YOU! Also, when you pay with a card, the bartenders wait for you to sign the check before they give you your card back.  By that time you think you already have your card and forget to wait for it.  That's what happened to my friend and she ended up leaving it at the bar to find out the next day that the bar didn't have it anymore. The times that I've been to Surrender they've always played house, techno, etc., never any hip hop.  The crowd has been mostly asians and the ratio is obviously way more women than men.  Our group soon got restless of seeing the same people and left before Lil Wayne was suppose to appear that night.  "WHAT?!?!"  Seeing him would of probably made it somewhat worth the effort of going to Surrender.
3	I have mixed feelings about the beach club because there were high and low points. While I want to give it four, I have to say my review counts as three because of the music and the eye candy. I'll elaborate further.The high points: Beautiful outdoors area, with roomy cushions and cabanas to kick back in if you don't feel like dancing or want to socialize (but socializing is a little hard due to how loud the music is, even outdoors). The beach club is designed well, with two huge bars on opposite ends, and even some stripper poles by the poolside cabanas for some entertainment and laughs! We were able to get one of the cushoned beds by the pool, and also was hooked up with two bottles of champagne. Also, it was Wednesday night, that meant it was Industry Night and open bar! Awesome!The low points: The music... I wasn't really feeling it. While they did play House, it was House that seemed a little difficult to move to (sort of like Dubstep, beats that were difficult to flow to). I"m big when it comes to DJs and music that spin stuff you could flow and find rhythm to, and I couldn't seem to find any here. I was getting annoyed at one point because if there was a song I knew the beat to and attempted to dance, it would end up dropping some other awkward beats into it that would mess the flow up (that's just me though!) Also... MAJOR lack of eye candy (for the ladies!) There are plenty of beautiful women EVERYWHERE here, but for the ladies... where are the beautiful men?! This also leads to the whole social vibe of it... again, not really feeling it.All in all, I personally feel like its a good club to roll through in to check them out, but I've been to better ones in the aspect of good music and a better social scene.
4	Love the vibe here. Its awesome when they open the doors to the beach club as you get a sweet experience. I have yet to catch Steve Aoki though :/
4	Another great Vegas club!! Surrender pretty cool place the out side is beautiful and has lots of places to sit and hang out on the nights were you don't have a table. Hosts and bouncers are pretty nice to i have actually seen them smile which you will never see at XS. Reason only gave it 4 stars is because the nights where they don't have a big name DJ there house DJ is pretty lame. Also on there busy nights it could take up to 30 minutes to buy a drink at the bar its ridiculous, was just almost tempted to take off another star writing about the wait times at the bar pretty frustrating But all-in-all its a great place they usually have pretty good DJ's when Afrojack is preforming it is a must see!!
5	I loved the look of Surrender, with the nice pools, lighting, and open feel of being outdoors, I thought it was a good blend of everything.The music got better as the night progressed.  It wasn't too hectic or too crowded, but at the same time still happening!  I also liked there were places available to sit...my feet needed a rest at times!
5	Amazing poolside venue with lots of space for moving around and dancing. Played a great mix of hip hop and mainstream music the night we were there. Kinda odd that it only had one or two bars for such a huge space. Had decent space to sit for us non-table-service folk though.
2	Waste of time. Pretentious. Over rated. We got in with no problem - the line wasn't even that long, but none of us were having a good time. Yes it is BEAUTIFUL with the shallow pools, lights, etc but the music was typical and the people there were basic. We left after 10 minutes.
4	I loved Surrender!! I recommend you get there early to avoid the crowd. We got there around 10:30 and waited in line for less than 10 minutes. This place is BEAUTIFUL. It's about 75% outdoors so make sure the weather's good when you go. They have plenty of day beds/cabanas/private rooms you can rent. The music they play here is a mix of house/remixes. There was a point later in the night where they played some hip hop. I think as long as you're with the right crowd the music won't matter because you'll have fun dancing to anything. Drinks are about $15; at least for mixed drinks. They were pretty strong though. There's an indoor section that is pretty small. We went inside mostly for the bar and to watch Mary J. Blige perform. Gets really crowded in there though so unless you have a table or want to watch the go-go dancers than outside is the place to be. Surrender got minus 1 star because the dance floor is really small.  Most people choose to dance where they're posted anyways, but if you're looking for a big dance floor you'll have to go elsewhere. If you are on the dance floor the only issue is people keep walking through and you'll get pushed and shoved. It gets annoying so find a spot away from the traffic.The crowd here, at least from my experience, is more mature and older than other clubs I've been to. Friendly people all around. Overall my experience at Surrender was great!! I'd definitely come back again!
5	Very nice looking club! Loved the pretty lights. It wasn't too busy on a thursday night so it was easy to walk around the club. It is a outside club where there's pools. There wasn't a lot of people in the pool. So the dresscode: many people were in club wear, but a few was in swimwear.From 11-12pm, it was 1 hour of open bar for ladies. Everyone was ordering champagne and I was able to order 3 free glasses of champagne and i even snuck a glass to my bf. It wasn't too long to be able to order drinks. We got in pretty easily and fast. We bought presales for 1 guy and 1 girl. Total was $57. I believe i was about $20? I didn't get to dance, but it was nice club!
4	COVER:after it being $100 a head at XS, we rolled here. home girl of mine hooked it up FOR THE FREE for our entire 10+ entourage..I know Surrender is dope and it's in las vegas.. but shit, Marquee is only ranked #84 on the top 100 best clubs list and not only is it brand, spanking new but its THREE STORIES...MUSIC:CALVIN HARRIS was spinning that night, kid has BARS on the turn tables and was absolutely SLAYING our ears!AMBIANCE:-1 star, its entirely outside, no air conditioning and it gets pretty hot in LV... no fans? no girls swinging palm tree leaves to cool down the high rollers? the majority of the middle is the pool area and it takes up a huge amount of space and walking around it is such a buzz kill!CROWD:some dumbass drunk hoe tossed a drink on me and some of my crew, mid calvin harris set.. for no reason at all.. as shes trying to run, homegirl of MINE yanks the shit out of her hair. as we're all cussing her out her friends pull her away. hoe comes back AGAIN and tries to start shit, so homie of mine gives her a healthy facepalm straight to the middle of her forehead.. no, FIVEHEAD! I was going to subtract a star since security didn't bounce her out ASAP especially since everyone in the area witnessed it and was telling her to GTFO cause bitch was CRAZY.. but they were too dumb to find my homegirl and bounce her out for slapping back so I guess its all G? whatever, we didn't see her after that so she can kiss my fat ass! :DMORAL:though I didn't pay, i'd only go back again if I got in for free, or it was an absolute last resort. they covered the middle of the pool to create a dancefloor but it was tiny. who's gonna swim that late? just cover the whole thing and make a bigger dancefloor! I accidentally stepped into the pool towards the end of the night and half of my leg was soaked haha!next time, get ready early, find the hook ups and hit MARQUEE or XS!all in all, encore and wynn are nice as hell and you can't go wrong.. but if you want the best and will never settle for less.. don't surrender to Surrender!
5	Event:Club SurrenderCurrent DJ Resident:Steve AokiEntrance Fee for Guys:$40Attire:Watch those shoes they are strict on them and so are V necks.Went to Club Surrender on Friday of EDC weekend. The line to get in is not as long as lets say XS or Marquee. This Club is totally Outdoors. The Ratio of Guys/Girls is about even. The bar is easy access and drinks are Strong but a bit expensive. Order and Henny and coke and a long island came out to be $37. There are some tables for gambling in front of the bar area. Haven't gone to the Encore Beach Pool however from the looks of the pool area looks like it would be fun!
2	In my Vegas experiences, Surrender has been the place where you expect to have a chill good time. Don't get me wrong, you spend as much here on drinks like you would any other club in Vegas. This place is huge but knowing there is XS right next door, it doesn't satisfy the young's craving for a wild night out in the 702. You can have fun at Surrender but I feel like I would rather spend the night at the neighboring Encore club XS. Drinks are the same price at XS. Your bottle service looks better at XS. Just go to the club next door, Surrender is Encore Beach Club during the day and it's your best bet to shell your skrills during the day. Skip the night party at Surrender.
4	I'm with Braden K. on this review.saturday night and getting in for FREE? with 10+ dudes?! big ups to Steph W. buddy buddy got us in for free, def got hooked up. I didnt know what to expect, but this place has plenty of table seating for those got opted for bottle service, a medicre dance floor that's a bit shaky but hey, they ladies that night made it worth it! Calvin Harris on the DJ booth and they have blackjack tables there too. The only downside is that everything is outside. Imagine being outside in 80+ degree weather in the summer in Vegas. damn it was hot there. Til next time vegas.
4	In a nutshell, if you like XS, you will like Surrender. It's a tad more low key, but still felt very much a "club" rather than a "lounge" when I was there last Saturday. When I think "lounge", I think of Blush.. this place is definitely more like an XS or Tryst than Blush. I did go on July 2nd, a very crowded night anywhere in Vegas, so take these things with a grain of salt.. A few details*There is in fact a "dance floor" and it's plenty crowded. The "snake room" if you will was the place where people congregated. I enjoyed dancing by our table in crowd free luxury, but if you are looking for a crowded dance floor, Surrender delivers.*People were dressed up just as much as XS/Tryst/etc*The tables weren't "set up" as well in my opinion. We had a couch that felt very much like cheap patio furniture (it is a party pool during the day after all), and a table that felt like a cheap patio table. There was one akward cushion thing offered as well. Our table for 8 really only sat 4, but maybe this is normal at clubs, not sure. I know the point isn't to sit down anyways, but I will say bottle service here is far from luxurious. Their prices are better, but in some respects you get what you pay for. *Service was decent. A drink got spilled by our bar back all over my friend, but they didn't really apologize or attempt to right the situation. Overall we got a great deal on bottle service (compared to XS/Tryst/Tao/etc), and I think it was money well spent. The club was really fun, but not qutie as miserable and crowded as some of the bigger clubs get. Music was decent, and I always love a good indoor/outdoor scene!
5	As someone who spends his life writing about drinks, bars, and clubs, I'm blown away by Surrender.  Our time there was amazing, *everyone* on the staff was super friendly and helpful (and clearly like working there), and their line-up of DJ's just seems to get better and better.  Surrender is the nightclub that you dream about when you're thinking of the perfect nightclub experience.  It's a definite must-visit when hitting the club scene in Vegas.
5	When the pool is the center of the action, there are few spots in the world that can hold a candle to Surrender Nightclub at the Encore. Probably the best outdoor sound system I've ever heard*, table gaming, sleek pool-spanning catwalks, ultraluxe cabanas (some with French doors that swing out over the Strip - which would be more impressive if the Stardust and Frontier still existed) and an elaborate intelligent lighting system built into the outdoor molding of the club are some of the features that place this among the world's most over-the-top nightlife spots. (It also doubles as the daylife venue Encore Beach Club.)Music director Steve Aoki brings in some huge international superstars like Afrojack, Deadmau5, Calvin Harris, Sidney Samson, Martin Solveig and more - although I've sometimes found their opening DJs to be lackluster or pandering, A-list musical talent creates an A-list party vibe.The one thing I dislike about Surrender is the lack of a true dancefloor, especially in the wintertime. Without a natural center of energy, it can be harder for an evening to hit its stride if the DJ isn't fully in command of the crowd.As much of a dancefloor bias as I have, I almost want to dock Surrender a star merely for that flaw, but the fact remains that there are few clubs in the world that offer an experience like a night out at Surrender. To rate this club anything less than five stars would represent the height of jadedness. And even I'm not there yet.*(I wrote this part of the review before Electric Daisy Carnival - this is no longer true.)
3	I went on a Friday day, the weekend of Easter and I have NO IDEA why but this place was D.E.A.D. I don't think there was anything special going on that night, I didn't notice any headlining DJ names or anything...More than half of this place is outside and I loved that the weather in Vegas is generally pretty good at night, so no need to worry about getting stuffy, sticky, and gross due to sweating, haha.Much like most other clubs in Vegas, there weren't any places to really sit unless you had a table.. There were these round sofa things located in the shallow ends of the pool but we were told that people were not allowed on it because it was only open to sit during the day time...However, there were some ledges by the plants where people could sit and talk. The drinks were ridiculous, maybe because I'm fairly new to the scene in Vegas but I decided to get a Tokyo Iced-Tea which costed me $17 for a tiny plastic cup filled with ice. Shoot, if I was a guy, I'd be careful who I buy drinks for, haha.
3	Imagine the outdoor pool area of XS...as the whole club.  That describes Surrender for you.  What is normally Encore Beach Club during the day, is converted into an outdoor pool area club at night, complete with the same bi-level cabanas and private party tables as XS, but smaller in every way.Sure there are the trio of stripper poles for the club girls to get their inner dancer on, but I feel that the twin pool areas, while pretty, really cut into the usable standing/dancing space in this club, and unlike XS where people are free to take off their shoes, hike up their dresses or pantlegs and dance in the water, the pools are aren't really set up for that.Plus I can't imagine how great a day club this is because the pools aren't all that large either, I'd imagine they would get packed quickly.Luckily my first experience was a good one since I was on the guest list and cover free, plus bonus for easy in n out access of the club once I had my hand stamp.  Prices of drinks are typical Wynn club prices but a nice bonus is the inclusion of casino tables at the rear of the dance floor, similar to XS, but more accessible.  I killed some good time at the BJ table while my friends were on the dance floor.  Good times.
5	I personally had a 5 star experience because my friends are awesome and we had bottle service. The cabanas on the second floor are gorgeous.
1	I really like this place when I have a table other than that...I have to drink Alllllot, Surrender doesn't really seem like much of a night club as much as it does as just a big pool party only with out the bathing suits and floaties. The dance area Is half Inside & It's really tight, a place to just stand and people watch would be around the two pools....
4	Went here over Independence Weekend. Was amazed about the venue layout, indoor and outdoor. We had bottle service outside near the BJ tables and thought it was great to sit down, but you did feel you were quite away from the action. Inside it was some guy's birthday (Emilio) and he was splashing alot of cash, but it was really kicking inside. Much better atmosphere and alot more dancing, on poles and tables.Lil Jon DJ'd for some of the night and that kicked but it was hard to get into the clubbing mood due to it being outside (my first indoor/outdoor club).Crowd was lively but hard to talk to. Found that alot in Vegas.Would go again, but heard Thursday nights are better.
3	It's aight.  I came to the nightclub on a Friday after midnight (so I guess that would make it Saturday morning?).  Anyway, the cover is $30 for ladies which is a little more than cover at XS.  Overall I don't think Surrender is worth that much.  They played house or electro type music all night.  I do like that type of music, but I thought it was overload since that's pretty much all that was playing.  I like the decor and theme of Surrender, but I will have to say that it is not ideal for me since I am quite a clumsy person and I was afraid I'd fall into the pool or something since the walkways are narrow.  The dance floor also gets crowded and there isn't a lot of seating except for the railing around the planters.  I would come back, but I wouldn't say that it's my first choice club in Vegas.  So overall, I would recommend checking it out.
2	Can you say, LAME!!! LOL. So there was a semi long line waiting for Surrender to open. Look in the line, NO good-looking people! I'm not mean or anything, don't mean to sound like a bitch but it was like the rejects that couldn't get into XS. We came in and it was completely DEAD! Drinks are super overpriced here, especially for being Vegas. I would come back to the Encore beachclub but I will definitely NOT be coming back to Surrender. Oh and another thing, tons of old ladies trying to dress and act young here and i'm not talking about the hot cougars either! If you're into that, then this is your place!
2	The pool area is pretty and gigantic (which makes sense since this is where the pool party is during the day) but at night they don't let you in... at all. Not even to wade in the shallow end and put your feet in, the security guy told me to get out. So basically its just a ton of wasted space as a night club.The music was blah. Even if I was totally into house music, I don't think I'd be raging about the DJ. I wish the indoor dance area was bigger, or there were more places to dance that were cooler because its still hot as hell outdoors at night in the summer.
3	Surrender is a very nice club. I was with about 5 other girls and we had a good time. Honestly, the crowd was a little snotty and one of the dancer girls pushed me. I had a lot of fun and met a few cool people but when it comes to guys going after girls, they're a little pushy and rude. The ambiance of the pool area is really nice it was so hot that night I just wanted to jump in. The drinks are a little tooo over priced here. I bought an Adios for $17. 17$!!!!! I could get like 3 or 4 good beers for that price. Overall I had a lot of fun but, I'm sure there are better places to go.
5	Ha.. How Could I Forgot About My First Time In Vegas..I Went To Vegas For The First Time Ever  About A Year Ago And Surrender Was The First Club Me And My Boys Hit Up...Although I was Ripped And WACKED Out Of My Mind....It Was Dumb Crackin There On A Saturday Night. We Had A V.I.P Cabana And The Service Was Very Good. I Myself  Was Not Really In V.I.P That Much Bc I Wanted To See What Was Out And About Lookin For Ladies And Such. The Music Was A Good Mixture Of Stuff for Everyone To Be Happy With... It's An Outside Spot But The Atmosphere Was Cool And The Set Up Was Nice I Must Say.The Ladies There Were Absolutely Gorgeous They Were Friendly & Down To Dance And Have A Good Conversation As Well. Got To Entertain A 19 Girl Bachelorette Party (YEAS U HEARD RGHT 19 GIRLS) All By My Self Which Included (Lap Dance, Stripping, Booty Smacking, Lifting The Bride To Be, And Removing Clothing Some Of The Ladies With My Teeth lol) And Then Brought Them ALL Back To The Cabana To Share With My Boys Which They Greatly Appreciated. After They left I Went Back Down And Brought 2 More Groups Ladies Back. Later My Boys Proclaimed Me The MVP Of The Night For All The Women I Brought Back To The Cabana haha.. To Be Honest Even Though It Was My First Time In Vegas Out Of All The Clubs I Hit Up There. That Was A Top 3 In My Opinion. And I STILL Don't Look At Going Out To The Clubs The Same Anymore Since I Was @ Surrender That Was One Of The Best Times I've Ever Had Going Out To The Club.. Cant Wait To Head Back There... And I Ain't Been Right Since... HEY NOW!!!!!!!
5	I'm a HUGE fan of XS, but when my group decided to head over to Surrender for the night I was scared that this place wouldn't measure up.But let me just say *NEW FAVORITE CLUB IN VEGAS!*"I don't want to go home" was a common phrase said in my group. Just like XS & Marquee, this club is half indoors and half by the pool. Sadly, no dipping/dancing in the pool here folks!I just love that there is TONS of room here so you don't ever feel like your packed like sardines. There's tons of areas to sit around, walk around, dance, etc. *BONUS POINTS!* Pew pew pew!And yes, this place is S-W-A-N-K-Y.Pinky in the ay-errrrr wave em like you just don't cay-errrrr!P.S. You know you came at a good night when they give out free shots! But the hot waitresses constantly saying "its free but I work for tips" is such a buzz kill!
3	The place is great!! Very cool layout. Half inside half outside by pool. Problems...1. not enough seating2. the crowd is AWFUL.. 23 year old and mostly Asian and mostly under five foot five. Now I adore Asian people as I adore people from all ethnic backgrounds provided they behave as ladies and gentlemen.. not at all the case here. What's good: 1. the music!! wow!! I danced till my feet hurt. DJ's were excellent! 2. the dancers, fun entertaining and great skills on the pole3. the drinks, just the right amount of alcohol perfectly doneThere are so many other places to check out in Vegas with far more sophisticated more beautiful people. This place was fun because we made it fun but I'd explore other options next time in town.
5	One word: SPACESwimming through a swarm of sweaty people is definitely something I don't look forward to at clubs.Damn me, for wearing the stupidest stillhouette heels that made my ankles ache for days, AND prevented me from freely frollicking around the spacious Surrender. - Stripper poles available to........ practice? Aspiring strippers?- You don't have to walk around the huge, curvy pools because there are handy walkways through the pool for you to walk to the bar/dance floor on the other side.- Free shots served by hot waitresses. They nonchalantly ask "free shot?" and start smiling when I reached into my wallet for tip. Yeah, friendly.. Lucky you're hot...- A good mix of House and Hip Hop. I felt like the house music overpowered the other genres that particular night, making me a tiny bit sleepyyyy. If i had a sip of Ron Ron Juice or whatever the Jersey Shore folks REALLY consume (not alcohol), I might have enjoyed the house music insanity.Only sad part, is that you can't dip your feet in the pool like its neighboring club XS.So as I mentioned, my feet freakin' hurt damn it! The party next to us so badly wanted to dip their feet in as well, so we were sneakily doing so without the security catching us. Then, we cheered on for each other.... What, what is this?! This suddenly turned into a 'Whoever could secretly dip their feet in the pool competition'?Anyway, spacious, nice lighting, outdoor.. I like it a lot!
4	Surrender in encore is so pretty. I love how the pool have walkway across them that is so darn nice. Waitresses here are pretty as well. The attendant lady in the restroom is super nice.    i think the pool area of surrender is prettier than XS. The music the night i came was awesome.  Love the friends i went with. Recommend anyone who come to Vegas to check this place out. Also people should try to come early to avoid the line. Just come early to get stamps so you can leave and get back later without waiting in line.
4	Really great place to just chill and relax. It is quite the beauty to behold during the night. If you want to drink though I would suggest getting drunk before coming here because the drinks are ridiculously over priced. I spend almost $40 on two drinks. I'm just glad I didn't pay to get in, which there is an entrance fee.Walkway between the pools is a nice touch and you can chill in the cabanas if you want. They are probably pretty expensive during the day. Dance floor is separated a ways way away from the pool which is smart. We don't want the drunk girls to get wet... or do we... In any case this place is a must go if you want to experience the best of Vegas.
4	Inside the same hotel as of XS nightclub, just about the same features and decor. Outside club is much better, its not hot and musty all the damn time. Drinks and pricey. Cabanas are available from top to bottom. Most nights are $20-$40 cover for guys and gals. More space than XS of course. Stripper pole in the middle of the dance floor for the gals and guys to work it. the end.
1	After reading through all the pretty great reviews about  Surrender, my friend and I decided to give it a shot. We were headed into Vegas mid-week and wanted a place to dance and hang on a Wednesday night. 30 minutes after we arrived, I wished we'd skipped the place all together. I guess this place is only for kids (ie. those under 25)We got to Encore around 11:30pm. We contacted a promoter, and got on the guestlist. The line to get in - both for those on the guestlist and those not  - was long. But it's Vegas, so hey - that's to be expected. As we waited in line, I felt totally overdressed... Not "overdressed" in that was I overly dressed up: 'overdressed' in that I wasn't naked enough. I had on 4 inch strappy heels, a top-of-the-knee length black dress with a deep neckline, plus makeup and jewelry. I left the hotel thinking I looked good... cute... ready for a Vegas club...etc...But apparently, I SHOULD have been wearing the following: a skirt that barely covered my ass, heels I could hardly walk in, a top that was see thru and make-up that belonged in a drag show. THAT is the "official" attire for Surrender - at least, I assume it is, based on what 95% of the ladies were wearing... Alas, I was in that 5% of "women" that didn't come half-clothed... And I'm putting "women" in quotes here because very few if NONE of the "women" in here looked like.... well, women! OR men! At best, the average age of a Surrender patron looked to be about 22 years old. No joke. I am 31 - and F you if you say that's old!!! lol. It's not - but standing in line, both my friend and I looked at one another and whispered "Oh Sh*t - what the F are we doing here with all these kids?!" I felt 100 next to these fresh-outta-high-school looking babies...looked young and ACTED young! Most of these girls teetering in on their high-heels took them off 5 minutes after they got inside. Ugh, that is ghetto - if you can't dance in your heels, don't wear them to the club. What for? So you can look cute in line? lol... And THEN there's the MUSIC... Who the F can dance to that sh*t?! All that house/ trance crap, are you kidding me??! But then again, not many people were dancing... seemed to be all about drinking, standing around with your "girls" or your "boys," checking out all the other "girls" and "boys." Hell, it was more like a high school dance, lol.Anyway... we got in free, which was the only highlight, cause if I had to pay cover to go to a place that sucked that bad, I would've been kicking myself for the rest of the trip. As it was, we stayed 2 hours, hoping the crowd or music would improve. When it didn't, we left. And all this BS about the "ambiance" of Surrender.. people on Yelp act like this was the most AMAZING-looking club, "so pretty" etc... LOL!!! Have you guys NEVER been to an upscale club before? Wow, a pool in the middle! Lights outside... That's SOOOO awesome! Damn, you can tell the people reviewing this place are barely 21, lol!!SO FINAL SYNOPSIS: If you're under-26, are white or Asian, don't want to dance and just want to flirt and drink with perves and scantily-clad girls and boys while the DJ yells 'Lemme hear you Vegas!" every 10 minutes while the crowd screams (lol!) , Surrender is your place. It's like a Gymboree for 20-somethings; a place for all the kiddies to hang...For all the adults (ie. 30 and up), spend your time elsewhere on Wednesday nights in Vegas.
4	Saw Bingo Players here. I like the outdoor area, how it's not as packed as XS.. so there's space to dance and have fun! I'll probably be back sometime to check out the day club.
4	prob one of my favorite clubs at vegaslots of space to walk around, its nice and open, bars everywhere, good music and good vibes.
5	I'll leave this short and simple since everyone pretty much said it all.Personally, I rather choose Surrender over XS. XS is just too hyped up. Surrender is practically the same as XS anyways. Good atmosphere, love the people i went with, and danced my booty off all night long!!!
2	oH My goodness! Seriously! I believed all these reviews.  I planned to spend my bachelorette party there on Friday, but what a disappointment.  Ok 5*s for appearance! Beautiful pool, very nice seating if you pay to reserve.  Gorgeous looking place. 1* for the music. On and on trance musice, I prayed for them to play something good.  1* for the smell.  Does anyone clean up puke there? 1* for the crowd. There were maybe 4 decent people there.    1* for service.  Just so you know, you make money on drinks right?  How can we get to them???Maybe it's the night I went there, but I really want to warn someone!
5	Came here to watch duck sauce and it was amazing! We got in with a VIP promoter and definitely was a nice club. I liked that they set up a huge duck right behind the DJ booth, nice touch!
5	by far, my favorite club in vegas (so far!)  love that its poolside - it just made it so much more pleasant!the music was good - a little bit of everything - and i wasn't shoved about like i was at marquee (the clientele just seemed more chill!)like shyam p. said, its a little odd that they don't have too many bars, which can make the wait long, but it wasn't awful.note: if you find yourself parched and waiting for your honey to bring you some overpriced bottled water, there's a water fountain near the restroom!
5	Easily one of my favorite clubs on the strip.  Has everything that you could want.  Drinks are a little pricy but compared to the rest of vegas mostly just in tune with it all.  They have amazing performers come and being that its outdoors its nice to keep getting fresh air as opposed to the recirculated smoke in some night clubs.  This is the place to go to see and enjoy a concert by Dj's like afrojack steve aioki etc...  Not much more to say other than it may seem like it  is a little difficult to get into sometimes but then you have to realize that its vegas and this place is way better than other clubs on the strip.  The line moves and everyone that I have encountered in line was very friendly.  My only grievance is that after the night of partying my stomach is usually rumbling and I can't help but crave some late night food, and I don't think there is anything open that's quick and cheap in the hotel that's open that late.  I understand the class aspect but I mean the venetian pulled off late night with Grand Lux.  Anyway that isn't to detract from an amazing time every time i've been to this club!
4	i had a pretty good time here. I went on a Wednesday night expecting it to be one of the calmer nights but it turned out to be the best night of my trip! they are VERY strict about girls keeping their shoes on! surrender has really nice decor and having it poolside is a bonus! there are plenty of places outside to chill and take a break from dancing. they were playing house music the whole night but had lil jon as a guest that night and that brought everything to a whole new level. i got there about 11ish pm and there was barely a line and got in within 5 mins. my guys friend did have to pay 50 bucks to get in =[
2	This review based on a Saturday night visit in the summer.Male/Female Ratio: 1/1Sociability of People: LowPros: Visually appealing, great house music, ethnically diverse with a large Asian presenceCons: Rude bouncers, $40 cover, $15 drinks, tense, competitive atmosphereI had heard a lot of good things about this place and how laid-back the atmosphere was. I arrived at 10 and did not get in until 11:15. Girls and other select individuals can get in faster through guest list cards, obtained after being approached by a club promoter. I assume high rollers get this as well.And while the place does look good, it's a club with a brass dragon behind the bar, colorful lighting, and a pool. Whoop-dee-doo. People were uptight - like a lot of nightclubs, it's a much better experience for girls.I think that if you have a lot of game, deep pockets, are already with a bunch of girls, or have some other special leverage there is potential to have a great time. If you are a simple man like me, however, I think you are better off keeping your money in your pocket.
3	The club itself is pretty nice and atmosphere is great, but it doesn't have the intensity of the dance floor at XS, so if you're looking to DANCE, XS is better.I dunno what it is, the place is very nice but I just felt like something was missing.. not a big fan of the garden of Eden and the snake theme thing they have going on. Bleh.
4	If XS was to spawn a younger, smaller first cousin, Surrender would be it. It's like a mini version of XS and only a few steps away literally. I've only been here twice, once in the winter and the other in the blazing Summer. During the winter they close off the pools and build a roof top on the outside area, almost as if they were extending their small dance floor area. During the summer, you'll want to hang outside because it gets real cramp inside but it's going to make you feel like you're in South Beach, Miami sweating through your gear.Unlike XS though, both times I didn't see the Cabanas outside occupied. They were always empty for some reason as if bottle service wasn't too popular here. I would say that Surrender's outside area although smaller seems nicer than XS. The lights and effects wrap around the entire perimeter and the music can still be heard evenly. They also have $25 minimum Blackjack tables on the other end where there is also another bar in case the bar inside is too packed which it most likely will be.My only gripe with Surrender was not because my shot of Black Label was $14 but a single Redbull vodka was $19!!! Holy f'n Batman! Yep, if you're going to get that cutie a drink, stay clear from that fellas because you're about to get reamed.The dance floor is small in size so you may find yourself having to do the two steps elsewhere. As for those cool guys who stand there with the mean muggin' face on the dance floor (you know who you are), take that ish back to LA because you're a waste of space. Surrender isn't as "banging" as XS, it seems more like a lounge to me for some reason. Still worthy to check out though especially if you have a reliable connection at the door.
3	Can't reenter after 2:00 what the fuck I am staying at this hotel and just went to go get a swimsuit!  Don't waste ur money I am waiting for my comp.  On the upside this is the better of the clubs in the area cause at least you can move.
2	Talk about a bait and switch.  They wouldn't honor the table prices my friend negotiated.  Ended up increasing prices on us by around $500. They kept us waiting and standing around.  I'm bling, but in Vegas, I'm no high roller - but these business practices leave a lot to be desired.  Holiday weekend ... and the line for table service practically wrapped around the casino ... funny, the regular line didn't have anyone in it.  Club itself was okay - I liked the spaciousness of it and it was entertaining to people watch.  Music was a bit all over the place - but at least it was a good sound system.
3	Beautiful, but drinks were expensive and weak, and the speaker system couldn't handle the beats of Alesso, the main DJ attraction - pole dancers were incredible, though -
4	It's no XS, but Surrender is nice because you can have a more relaxed night poolside or hit the floor and get weird.+1 star for random comedy factor as the last time I was here, Vegas was experiencing flash thunderstorms and the DJ had to cut his set short to tell all the patrons that standing next to giant pools of water with lightning bolting down = not a good idea.
4	After my girlfriend posted a photo of us posing on Surrender's dance floor, one of our friends commented, "So what did you Surrender?"  HAHAHA.  Great question!  We surrendered SOBRIETY!If someone buys you drinks all night, it's not that hard.  Drinks here are $16!  If I had to shell that out myself, it probably would have been a sober night.  Unfortunately, this caused one of my girls to have mad beer goggles.  Everyone in her eyes was Brad Pitt.  Not good!We surrendered our FEET!So the tipsiness lead to nonstop dancing everywhere.  If you've been to Encore's XS, Surrender is just a smaller, pink/tangerine version.  You can dance outdoors along the pool, in front of the DJ (who happened to be Lil Jon that night), on the top of  the booths, and alongside stripper poles.  All I know is that we were carrying our shoes at the end of the night!We surrendered our SLEEP! This club is great for drinking, dancing, people watching, & hooking up (if that's your MO!)  By the time we knew it, it was 4AM.  Woah!!! Word of advice:  when coming to Surrender, check your inhibitions at the door!  You're going to have to give them all up and give in to the fun (not remembering much the next day means you did!)
4	Wow this Nightclub is Amazing from the Beautiful pool in the inside to indoor club it is just bumping! The overall scenery is just Amazing. Music is up to date and getting a drink is not to bad. Through out the night there are some servers waking around offering shots for a small fee, however let me advice that they are pretty weak. Its like some cheap mix purchased and pored. Overall its a great club to visit I recommend just be careful to not fall into the pool!
3	The reason for the 3 stars is promoter was cool walked rite in and there was open bar champagne for the ladies 11-12 cant beat free alcohol.  The atmosphere was nice since its outside and around the pool but dont get 2 tipsy because you could actually fall in there are no rail  and only a small walkway if your brave enough to walk across the pool tipsy.  The cons were as follows.  It was outside so it was warm and then it started to rain so we had to take cover and wait it out.  Also a soda costs $8.  Now im used to ridiculous prices for soda/water but really.  I was ready for a $5 charge but $8 c'mon now thats outta control.  Luckily the champagne had me on one so i did not have to buy any drinks.  Also the music was terrible.  It started out as house/techno music and just never got better and when a good song finally came on they cut it off half way through...not a fan.  The dance floor is a tiny spot in front of the DJ and in the room in between table.  I would come back for the open bar but thats about it.  It looks like it would be more fun during the day as a pool party with music but not a club.
4	Definitely a hot spot in Vegas to visit! I came here for a work event, so I'm not sure how the typical club layout is on normal nights, but from what I saw, it was definitely a happening place. With the dancing taking place by the pool deck and floating lounge islands on the pool, it was definitely an outdoor club atmosphere.The up lighting at the edge of the pool cabanas were in sync to the music and it definitely created a cool feel.With several outdoor bars and an indoor bar, you have plenty of options to grab a drink. Extremely helpful for a hosted bar. The layout reminded me of XS, but with a smaller indoor dance floor. I certainly recommend you check it out!
3	I've been to Surrender three times. The first experience was a lot of fun, it was actually my first night at Vegas ever. I loved the huge, open space and lit up pools. It's definitely a danger zone for drunks falling overboard, but that's not my problem! I was totally wide-eyed the whole night, in love with the scene. It was crowded, music blasting and bars on both sides of the pool. The next two visits weren't as great, it was super empty too.I really like the outside setup of the place, but since XS and Marquee, it doesn't quite compare. Still fun if it's a crackin' night, but not on my necessity list of clubs to visit in Vegas.
4	I'd actually never heard of Surrender, so I was a bit skeptical of the club when my friends booked a table there, but I went because I figured it couldn't be too bad given that it was at the Encore.True to form, it did not disappoint.  It reminds me a lot of a less-packed XS.  It has a similar indoor-outdoor vibe (with a smaller indoor area than XS) with a gorgeous pool that you can't step in unless you have one of those poolside tables (lame).  It has a typical Vegas crowd - gorgeous fun waitresses and lots of good looking patrons.  The music was great, and I really enjoyed this club.However, at one point, I couldn't find any water at our table and asked the bartender for some water, and she told me I had to purchase an $8 mini Fiji bottle.  Is this normal???  I ended up getting water at the table, but I still thought that was very uncool given that most clubs just give you tap water for free.  Maybe I need to get out in Vegas more.
3	Wow FactorIt's true! Surrender is one sexy ass B!tch. She's filled with bumpin' melodies, hawtness oozing out of her pores, she has tons to offer, AND shes wet?? COME ON!! Your killing me...So, why the three stars??It just wasn't my flavor of java. They play a little too much house for me. Sure they have a little variety here and there but you'd mostly catch me sitting down from the lack of hip hop booty shakin' music. That's kind of a big deal since I'm at a club to dance the night away, right??On another note, can you tell the stuck up shot girls to cool it?? Have they ever stopped to think that the extremely weak ass shit they're serving doesn't entitle them to anything more then 3 bucks per half filled plastic shot glass?? Maybe if you'd hook it up with something more substantial... I'll throw a few more bucks your way! Pointless.Now, I loved the view and ambiance. Totally hit the spot even though they do need more room for dancing. As for the crowd, it's pretty diverse and could have definitely used more classy and handsome gentlemen around to mingle with. I could have sworn I was @ the Encore. Oh well! The only bummer and what probably set the tone for the entire night at Surrender was that it started to rain and prohibited drunk girls from stepping foot into the pool areas cause of the lightening. BOOO! I was kind of hoping to see someone get fried. LOL, jk!! Looks like I'll be checking out some other clubs before I come back here again.
4	Surrender is a great place to go if you're at Encore already, and couldn't get into XS.  The lines are not that long, and the ratio is decent.  The cover charge was also only $40 when I went at around 11:30pm, but don't let that price fool you into thinking the drinks are also moderately priced.  In fact, drinks here are very pricey!The decor inside Surrender is fantastic and there is a huge pool in the middle that I was very impressed with.  Also, the dance floor is pretty neat and is in its own section.  Not a lot of people were dancing though, which was disappointing.  I wouldn't recommend coming here in a group of single guys though, because all the available girls are at XS.
3	Came here on our first night here during a weekend in Vegas for a friend's birthday.  We managed to get in around 1am with no charge, because hey, we're girls.  Seemed to be a little confusion at the door, but we finally got in with no additional problems.  We hung around inside for the most part, around the bar and bottle service areas.  This is where all the drinking from earlier in the night started to creep up on me.  The decor here was cool, the people here chill.  Music wasn't my favorite, a little more house than I like.  Cool place to go, but not necessarily a lot of dancing going on.  Unless you get invited to bottle service, there isn't a lot of room to move around inside.  And drunk people, stay away from the pools.  I'm not sure I'd come back to this place, but it was a fun time.Go to XS instead.
4	BEST. Got hooked up by the best promoter ever who also got us into Encore Beach Club.Steve Aoki!Pools with danger when drunk walkway - Great dance floor with patches of carpet, many beautiful and athletic pole dancers, beautiful cabanas. Lots of planter areas to sit.The drinks are really expensive, and don't order an $8 bottled water, just drink more alcohol! I still am in awe - Aoki dropped a few songs off his next album and the vibe was for dancing machines like me and my girls! Yes its mostly electro-house-dance, there were a few hiphop mashups earlier in the night.
1	ugh HATE HATE HATE some of the staff here. i really liked how it was open bar for the ladies when i went and how pretty it was outside by the pool but FREAK this one ladyman security just wanted to get us kicked out from the start cus she was after my group that night.i went to the bathroom, came out and washed my hands and while i was washing my hands the ladyman security guard grabbed my arm and said i had to leave the club. i was like WTF? and i asked her why and she said "because the janitor told me you threw up in there" UH LADY. NOT EVEN DRUNK. I DIDNT THROW UP. i dunno wtf the janitor was saying but she kept pointing her finger at me with her limited english saying i puked in the last stall. i didnt even USE the last stall -_- when my friends saw that i was yelling at a janitor and security guard they came up and asked what was wrong and when i told them what happened, well we all got kinda mad (and alkies make people braver) and just yelled at both of them. after a while ladyman says "okay fine you can go then" GOSH that was irritating.then i notice that ladyman sticks really close to our group for the ENTIRE night and im like okay whatever just ignore the short thing, but about an hour later she comes to our group and tells us we're all kicked out because we're all drunk.UHWHAT?and so we start arguing with her like, whoa hey whats your problem, but shes like, i dont care you guys have to get out. then my emotional drunk friend starts crying because shes sad that we're getting kicked out which proves to ladyman that one of us was indeed drunk. and she started calling other security and threatened us to leave or we'll be forcibly escorted out.so what can we do but leave? man it was only 1 when we got kicked out. 1. sigh felt bad for the guys in our group that paid money to get in. hate that ladyman. hopefully when i go back for the daylight part it'll be better.I HATE YOU LADYMAN. maybe one day i'll come back for its nightlife.. but it wont be anytime soon.
4	I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't because of their club policy to not serve tap water so that you have to order an $8 bottle of water.  How can they give weak shots for free but can't serve tap water???  By later in the night, there were plenty of women throwing up all over the club that could have been prevented if they were allowed to order tap water.  The outside pool area is gorgeous and better than XS.  The dance floor and interior section of the club is a bit smaller compared XS.  I liked Surrender better because on a Saturday night, one can get in much faster and for less money.  If on guest list, both ladies and gentlemen will start off with comp admission. After 11pm, guys' cover starts at $30.  After 1am, girls' cover starts at $30.  While XS, does not have guest list on Saturday (these prices are from 09/17/11 so might change).I have not tried Marquees but I heard that club is great too.
5	I love this place. There isn't a bad table in the whole place. The venue is gorgeous!! The inside is a bit on the small side but being by the pool is the best. They have some of the best DJ's. Everytime we've gone we had a great time. A must when your in Las Vegas.
4	Little brother of XS.It's a beautiful venue located inside Encore.  Lighting is much more warm and vibrant compared to XS.  Smaller, yes, but like XS, there's a pool, outdoor area, and casino tables. Personally, I do like Surrender, especially when it is set up for a DJ or a performer.  The crowd comes alive and because it is a much smaller venue, it is more intimate.  The thing is the dance floor is almost non-existence so people just dance everywhere.There's a few bars throughout the club and I would definitely suggest going to the bar near the table games.  The bar near the small dance floor is super packed and fighting through the crowd can be a bit annoying.I've been lucky enough to enjoy table service here a few times.  It seems like most of the celebs/DJs will have their table on the bridge that goes across the pool.Definitely come early because Surrender will rape you in terms of cover charge, ESPECIALLY if you're a guy.  A night when Calvin Harris was DJ-ing, it was $50 cover for guys but by 11pm, it went up to 75 and by 11:30pm, they were charging $100!  Ridiculous.Great club if XS or other megaclubs are just too packed!
5	Same awesome XS vibe, but less crowded despite the smaller space. Came for a bday party, got a bottle. Loved the super friendly crowd, loved the music, loved the space that allowed us to seriously bust moves without shoving people around.We'd gotten a table at Tao the night before, and it wasn't nearly as fun. I have a great time at Tao, but only with the girls. It's so crowded, that it's only fun when you go with a bunch of people who get preferential treatment... girls. So I went with a co-ed group this time, and even though we dropped serious money, it was way more fun going with the bachelorette parties. Also my boyfriend got thrown out of the club for not doing anything basically. (Seriously, he's the most non-offensive guy ever, he was just being dragged around by me and by mistake shouldered a Napoleonic security guard).OK, back to Surrender. Fun, go. If you want a more chill night, or if you want a crazy fun night but have a big group, this is perfect. Tip: If you jump in the pool, you get thrown out. Remember to take your room keys.
4	Surrender is a beautiful venue.  Smaller than XS but also more intimate.  Who wants to go to a mega-club and stand elbow to elbow with everyone all night anyways?!  I need my dancing space!I was surprised to find that they charge cover since it's a smaller lounge-like venue.  However, they do have a guestlist, even on saturday nights, and its' free for BOTH ladies and gentlement before 11pm.  So save your dough for drinks inside and get there early so you can get in for free!  We got in about 10:30 and it was quite empty.  It gave us a good opportunity to snap some mandatory pics.  We explored a bit and left to gamble outside.  We returned at about 11:30 and the place was packed.  The DJ played great music and the crowd was loving it.  I'd def return again.Thanks, Surrender for a great night!
4	We went here late saturday night, the queue was not as long as the nearby XS. Nice outdoor pool area, the dj played mostly trance and house music, enough space for those who wants to dance; nice, cool crowd. paid 50 bucks for the cover charge. now, time to party!!!
4	This was the first club that I ever been to in Vegas. I have to say this place exceeded my expectations. The venue is absolutely beautiful. The staff inside the club is super nice and friendly. My friends and I got bottle service. We were given a cabana next to the pool and we had our own stripper pole. The club was not overly crowded, had just the right amount of people.
3	Was underwhelmed by Surrender. It felt more like a watered down version of XS. The decor is nice, the pools are great, but the overall vibe was nothing to write home about.
3	So I feel like Surrender is a more ghetto version of XS. Granted, the night I went there was not the busiest of Vegas club nights, especially for the Encore clubs. My favorite part was the floating white couches and a walkway. But no one was allowed to even touch the pool, unlike at XS where people can wade in the water. A lot of the very positive reviews I see here involve nights with really awesome DJ's, and for me that would definitely determine my rating for the place. I'll just premise by saying that I wasn't so lucky to go during one of those epic nights. PROS:* of course, it's a wynn club, so the dance floor is open to the outdoors, and there's a gigantic pool in the middle (larger than XS)* surrender is encore beach club by day, so it's definitely spacious for its daytime purposes. i think it was too spacious for the night I went..* my group got in as VIP because we had a hook up, and it always feels good to bypass a line. CONS:* when the crowd isn't so bumpin' that night, the bouncers watch you like a hawk! two people from my group got kicked out for reasons I can't really remember. Because I was taking care of someone, I got kicked out too, cutting my night short. Ugh, so annoying. But seriously I think we just got more attention because everyone else was just starting to filter in. * the "sign" for Surrender is this weird light board behind the DJ (who was not so thrilling that night). It looks so ghetto! Very makeshift...* drinks are expensive as usual, so please plan accordingly. * the dance floor was smaller than I expected, given the general size of the place compared to other clubsMaybe my star rating will go up if I end up going there again.
3	I've been to Surrender a few times as it is not one of my favorite clubs. Unless you like a club that is mostly outdoor, then this place is not for you. The inside part of the club is really small and Surrender is mostly outdoors. On a nice night, it is nice, but during the winter (when its cold) and the summer (when its still 95 degrees at night), it isnt the best place to go clubbing. I actually prefer Surrender for the day time pool parties (also known as Encore Beach Club - see separate review). The club does get some big name DJs here and so when they do, it attracts large crowds. However, I would probably prefer some of the other clubs over Surrender.
3	Like all nightclubs in vegas, the drinks are NOT cheap. Music is awesome. The outdoor section is a sight to behold. Love the white round couches in the shallow pool. But why isn't anyone allowed to use it? Wasn't sober long enough to realize anything else other than the servers were pretty and the service was slow.
5	The mini Xs.  The last time I was here Jazzy Jeff was here.  Poor, old fat ass.  He is lookin beat.
3	Surrender is a beautifully decorated club.  I liked the dj, the go go dancers and the snake door handles in the ladies room.  I didn't like the twenty dollar drinks (not to mention eight dollars for a small bottled water, c'mon Vegas you're so dumb).  I am too poor for Vegas style clubbing.  Luckily the night we went they had free champagne for the ladies until 11:30 pm.  I found the bartenders to be a$$holes (no tips for you!) however the crowd was great!  Everyone was shakin what their mama gave them.  Mini dance parties everywhere!  In the booths, by the pool, on the dance floor.  Fun place over all but too expensive.
3	Wow this place puts XS to shame. This is the perfect place for a summer night in Vegas. The music is popping and the go-go dancers are hot and the pool is wayyy too inviting. I don't know how drunk people don't fall in or voluntarily jump in. The indoor/outdoor partying is too perfect of a scenario.However, this place is muy $$$$. A shot of grey goose was $15!! A redbull vodka was $20. Doubleyou-tee-eff man. We opted for the $15 shots. Now let me tell you, I'm a 4 drink kind of girl. 5th drink in me and I'm on the floor. That night we had 6 greygoose shots each and we were sober as hell. I swear to god they mix in water into their vodka or something. I was pretty disappointed in the outcome. Thank you Surrender, for pushing me to purchase a flask. I will definitely come here again, but I WILL NOT buy a drink at the bar here ever again.
4	Huge fan of this place. Love the half indoor half outdoor vibe. Probably one of my favorite places in all of vegas
4	I love the outdoor vibe of the club, even though I like the venue better as Encore Beach Club...  the reason being there's very little room to dance here and it can be dangerous wearing heels near slippery surfaces, since the pool takes up the majority of the club space... I would also advise people not to jump on the white floating pillows at the edge of the pool... you'll get in trouble for that.. hehe oops
4	A couple things right off the bat...1) This place is almost entirely outdoors.  So skip it if it's cold, raining, or windy outside.2) It is huuuuggeeeeee.3) They spent an ungodly amount of money creating this place, and it shows.  It really is beautiful.Now, this is an upscale Vegas club, so all the standard cavets apply.  If you're not on a list, get on the line no later then 9:15-9:30.  Yes, the doormen are jerks...just like every other top club in Vegas.  Get over it.  Yes, a jack and coke costs $12, just like every other club....Get over it.  Yes,if you're a guy, you're gonna pay through the nose....Get over it.  See where I'm going with this?On the plus side, the club is decently 60,000 square feet once you're in the door.  There's a huge wading pool in the middle with the dance area and casino (yes, it has it's own internal casino, complete with all the card and table games) branching out of it.  The casino and dance area are the only indoor areas.  All those seats you see?  All those couches?  Yeah, bottle service only.  So you're gonna wind up sitting on the planters like everyone else.  Or standing because the planters are full and your girl is the only one with space to sit.  =)I've been there twice (and wasn't on a list either night), and had a great time both nights.
1	We had a group of 5 gals (pretty good looking girls, if I do say so myself! ;D) waiting outside to get into Surrender around 1 AM. Firstly - there was no one there. No line. And 5 chicks, let's do the math here. You want to charge us $30 for each girl? And then you want to let 4 of us in for free and make the 5th girl pay? I'm not really sure how that makes ANY sense.Surrender, you be tripping.
4	XS= surrender | marquee | tao. Because I can't make a "greater than" sign, you will just have to pretend that | is a makeshift substitute. As a fan of XS, I had high expectations for a fellow Wynn club... and Surrender did not disappoint. Even though it was pretty chilly in November, I loved being outdoors because I did not feel claustrophobic as I normally do at clubs such as Marquee and TAO. UGH. That is a different story. Also see my past Marquee review: http://www.yelp.com/biz/marquee-nightclub-and-dayclub-las-vegas#hrid:oBeQOoDa1OuEEVV3jHtRHQSo we get in quite easily even with a huge group with a less than desirable ratio of guys to girls... KNOW PROMOTERS. Surrender was still popping, don't get me wrong, but it was not sweaty orgy status or "drive the people around you crazy bc you forgot deodorant today" status either. The dance floor has ample room to get jiggy with it, and there are plenty of bars. The only problem I had was that my red bull vodka was $19.... never in my life have I paid that much for a drink. Yes it's Vegas, but I know that at other clubs drinks are like $12-$14, not $19 flippin dollars. I was momentarily in shock but in my drunkeness I obliged and fronted the $$$. X___X Another positive to Surrender is the security!!! My ID fell out of my useless clutch sometime during the night and when I noticed I immediately went to all the bartenders and they directed me to security. I spoke to a woman who asked for my name and told me to STAY PUT while she said something into her walkie talkie. 3 min later she hands me my ID (and room key FML) and I am so freaking happy that I hug her *OMG right.* Bottom line I love the efficiency of the security here, unlike some other clubs COUGH COUGH MARQUEE.Granted I was pretty... how do you say it.... oh right, *smashed* when I went here on a Wednesday night but I was definitely coherent enough to like where I was and the people I was with and even surrounded by. OH YEAH AND DADA LIFE WAS KILLING IT. That obviously contributed to the rowdy and lively atmosphere that is demanded by Vegas club patrons everywhere. In the words of Wiz Khalifa: So what we get drunkkkkk, so what we don't sleep, we just having fun, we don't care who sees, so what we go out, that's how it's supposed to be, LIVING YOUNG AND WILD AND FREE! That's what Vegas is about and why not do that at a beautiful club like Surrender! :)
4	I'm gonna keep it real. I am not a club person. It just isn't in my blood. I rarely see the point in waiting forever on a line, just to pay some ridiculous cover charge, just to be allowed the privilege of spending $13 for a mixed drink, just to pretend like I love crowded ass areas where I can't move from one side of the room to another, without almost spilling said $13 drink. But last Wednesday night, Surrender was pretty much the anti-club. Me and my buddy Rob waited maybe 10-15 minutes. Two guys with no chicks with them, not waiting forever to get in a club? Yup, it happened. I once waited at least three times as long to get into Moon, with just me and two other girls. I know it was a Wednesday. and maybe that's part of the reason. But oh well, the time I waited at Moon, it was a fricken Tuesday. So after not waiting very long, they check our ID's and low and behold, no cover charge! This place is already growing on me. Then, because it was HIV-awareness night, as long as you were wearing red, you got open bar from 11-12 for Belvedere Vodka drinks. I'm not much of a Vodka drinker, but the price was right. I hooked up the bartender since I didn't have to spend a dime on drinks. He was fast, attentive, and friendly. Again, not something I often experience on my rare club adventures. At first it was kind of a ghost town, but the place started packing in after like 20 minutes or so. The go go dancers were hypnotizing, the place was roomy, and it had an outdoor area with a big ass pool. I mean, what more do you really want? It was a little bit of a sausage-fest, but it got a little better as the night progressed. We even got to see Dave N. a fellow Yelper, he gave us a bit of a tour. I've only met him twice now, but Dave is a pretty cool ass guy, so props to him!! My only complaint is that I'm not normally a huge drinker, so when I had 6 or 7 Vodka and Coke's in the course of 45 minutes, I really felt it the next morning, and afternoon, and night even. That was my bad though, not Surrender's. Hey, how often do us guys get any kind of open bar?? I took one for the team. I felt it was my responsibility as a man, to get as many free drinks as I could in that hour. I did it on behalf of all the men out there, spending their hard earned cash at the club, like a bunch of schmucks. And I think I did a damn good job so, you're welcome.
4	Steve aoki is the man. I think marquee is still the best spot and inhave been to them all in Vegas, but for the service, the good looking people, the vibe, and the music you can't get much better. Drinks were not cheap but unless you came to Vegas expecting to sneak a flask in everywhere. It is what it is. Besides I got in free so it dulled the pain of a 15 dollar drink.
3	This place tries to be pretty extravagant, it is almost like a smaller version of XS with a slightly different feel.  We were able to party here one night and got in with no problems or wait.  We made it in with and headed straight for the tables since it was still pretty early.  Had fun here and it ended up being a crazy night that ended kind of early.  Long story short, I spotted a friend of mine $100 at the blackjack table shortly after winning and he somehow ended up leaving the table with $600.  We literally had to pull him away from the table before it turned the other way and was too drunk to even remember what actually happened the next day.  Haha, that story made my night though!I remember going in and out of the club at some point, which doesn't happen often at most clubs Vegas.  This place could be better, but it wasn't necessarily a club as much as a casino for us that night.  I think my friends lost playing Craps here from what I remember; luckily I don't play Craps.
4	I've been to this club twice, once in the summer and once in the winter.  Both times I had great experiences!  I love the set-up, there's always lots of space, the bartenders are pretty nice, and they have free shots sometimes!  I've gotten in without cover both times (and the second time we had three guys with us, and they even got in!).The first time I was here I liked the music better.  Bruno Mars was actually there before he was "big" (July 2010).  The second time, we had a DJ who played house music - my least favorite.  I was a little bit scared when I found out about his music genre, but it wasn't as bad as I thought.  He remixed some top 40, so that was good.  Both times I've been here, they've had some sort of free drink deals.  The first time it was free drinks for ladies 10-11pm.  The second time it was free champage for ladies 10-11pm.  And the second time, there was a shot girl walking around with tequila-tropical shots.  They were super tiny and watered down, but still good!  The bathrooms also are fully stocked with deodorant, mints, and my personal favorite - Starburst :-)I love this club and I'll probably be returning!
1	What a dump! Went here to see Skrillex and was blown away by the long line, WEAK 20$ drinks, poor service and to top it off they had over sold the venue to the point that you were not even able to move, much less dance. They had also put up a tent to enclose the open air venue to the pool area causing a sardine can effect due to the overpopulation inside. Left early, couldn't even see the DJ we drove 700 miles to see. This place is a shameless example of Vegas excess but a solely profit driven one. Skip it and go to Marquee instead for the true Vegas experience!!! They know how to run a club
5	the place is gorgeous!!! expensive but gorgeous! ....being on a guest-list make it so much easier... my bf only paid half the cover charge and ofcourse bcuz im a girl i got in free :) ... went on a friday night to see dj wolfgang gartner the place was packed! but good thing for the outside pool area !
2	Our group decided to go to Surrender since we were able to get on the guest list.  We came here just before they closed the guest list, so we were able to get in without having to pay much.  You would think on a Saturday night this club would be poppin but I guess not.  There wasn't much people there and the DJ was just really bad that night.  First time here and probably going to be the last.  The dance floor was super small, and the DJ was bad.  Drinks were the usual price of 10-15 dollars each.  There is only one restroom on the outside as well.  Nothing seemed to impress me here.
2	Our party of 5 (3 guys, 2 gals) got in without having to wait in line or pay any cover thanks to the bouncer who knew one of the guys in our group...it was a Friday night around midnight, but there was hardly any line in the first place (odd). As soon as we got in, we made our way to the outside area that had a nice view of the roped off pool and easy access to the outside bar along with a couple of tables to allow groups a place to stand around at with their drinks and/or planters/lounges to sit and chat or people watch.So why the 2 stars? The dj sucked and music sucked.  At certain points throughout the night, the change from one song to the other was poorly executed OR the music would abruptly stop and start with awkward silence throughout the club. There was hardly any variety in the choice of songs played and all I kept hearing was techno -_-
4	First off I got in with sneakers so +1 ..I was already on the guest list and had no issues getting in at all +1 the crowd is educated and not raunchy nor full of escorts +1 for $40 you can throw up on the bathroom floors without getting kicked out +1 The bar areas are very spacious although the dance floor reminded me of jordan because there's a space jam..lmao. I'm sure there are better places out there but not a bad place to go to on Wednesday night.
1	Definitely a no no. Of all the clubs I've been to, this one was the worst. My cousins and I walked in and literally walked out because it was so humid. It was like walking into a sauna. It was small and it wasn't even crowded, but it was so stuffy. I can't imagine if it was crowded. You would probably suffocate.
4	I was there at the Surrender Grand Opening. And every night I've been there since then, I've had a pretty great time! When Surrender / Encore Beach Club (they're the same place) opened in Spring/Summer 2010, I was there around 3 days a week.MUSIC: There are LOTS of headliners here. Afrojack, Aoki, Nervo, AN21, Max Vangeli, Skrillex, Bingo Players, the list goes on! Surrender has definitely made a name for themselves for house followers. DJ Mighty Mi is resident here. Generally, I see him opening for any big name DJ. He's alright... BAR: There are 3 bars. They are all a hassle to get drinks from. Just be patient.... WEATHER: Surrender is about 25% Indoors and 75% Outdoors. During the Summer, it can be painfully hot. This is Vegas and our summer nights can be upwards of 100 degrees. During the Winter, the pool area becomes the "Surrender Dome." A make-shift tent to cover most of the outdoors. Ladies, you will still have to walk outside a bit. Running around naked when its 28 degrees outside sucks!  TIP: Wear a light blazer.LINE: No matter what day you come, the line moves quick (in comparison to other hot clubs.) Even when the line extends from front all the way to the back, getting in at the most will take 45 minutes to 1 hr. Expect to get in around 20-30 minutes. RELAX: They aren't crazy strict here. But don't test the waters. Just wear some dress shoes and leave your dirty chucks at home. Try to at least show up with 1 girl so they won't hassle you. All dudes isn't cool.WEDNESDAYS: Industry Night (All Locals Free)THURSDAY: Dip & Dance ( Swimming during the Summer)
5	What a gorgeous place! It's huge, but it does get pretty packed, so you're bound to have to play the weaving game on your way to the bathroom. Luckily, the stage/DJ is half indoor, half outdoor, so you don't have to feel too claustrophobic or sweaty when you wanna dance! We got bottle service for about 5 people and it was seriously, VIP status. The staff mixed and poured our drinks for us and checked up on empty cups and ice very often. The go-go dancers were a nice touch to the ambiance and the outside area was just breath-taking -- what with the sexy dim red lighting and round white, cushiony bed pods in the middle of the pool. Makes you want to jump on them just to say you were on one!The DJ said he "doesn't play hip-hop." He played a lot of techno Britney Spears -- the kind of music you hate (or pretend to hate) when it comes on the radio, but when you're drunk in the club, it becomes you're "song" that you all of a sudden know all the dance moves to!
2	Surrender's look is similar to XS with an inside/outside club. The vibe at Surrender is standard issue high end Vegas club scene.DRESSCODE:Most people were dressed to impress, but there were the few in flip-flops or Converse...so not sure if they're strict on this or not.MUSIC:house and hip hop mixed in with house beats. The music was ok, just your basic top 40. Drinks are pricey though.. running about $20 for an AMF with tips. And I saw someone paid $8 for a mini Fiji water..Say whaaatt?? Lots of bouncers strolling around keeping the place in check. They don't let you sit down unless you have have bottle service, but I find that silly when there are so many empty tables.
3	First time at Surrender and so far it will not make my favorite list of clubs in Vegas. It is mostly outdoors and is nice as a day club or night club during the summer. Not so much during the Christmas holidays, even with all the heat lamps placed around the place. Promoter who greeted us was a douche and when he asked us what name we were under I thought he meant my friend who was there with her cousins first for her birthday. He rudely stated that I was wasting his time and just for that he would make the girls in our party pay and walked away before we could recover and try to explain the situation. $50 cover guys/$40 girls. It kind of set the tone for the night. And what a crazy night it was. Really.Place gets really packed when they have special guest DJs (Afrojack that night) and celebrities hosting, especially the very limited inside areas. I almost died in there. You cannot move. There are hundreds of drunk, rowdy people pushing and shoving their way across the dance floor. If any shit went down, security is not going to see or reach you in time.As for the bright spots. The waiting in line was not bad. Maybe 20 minutes even with an angry promoter yelling at us. Patron shots were reasonably priced. There is plenty of outdoor seating. And make sure you use the bathroom early, because it gets really nasty as the night goes on.
4	Surrender is BEAUTIFUL. Came to Vegas for my Bachlorette party and one of my best friends knew a promoter and was able to get us girls in to Surrender for free. NOTE: The drinks are NOT cheap. I wasn't buying my drinks that night but I happend to find out what they were charging and it shocked me. However, it was a great time.
4	Great music, great crowd, good staff. Living in Vegas there are countless clubs to go to but the is one of my regular spots. Awesome place to just bring friends that come to town, and enjoy some drinks and company. Has a large outdoor area which i like and the inside can get a bit crowded but the vibe in the crowd is what makes it. PARTY ROCK!
4	After pre-gaming at other nightclubs/lounges, my group and I finally made it to Surrender and just in time (5 mins before the open vodka and champagne bar ended!).  I was able to get in 2 drinks  :D  I've never been to Surrender, so I wasn't really sure which way to go in the hotel... as we were aimlessly walking, we saw the line and was trying to find the end, but one of the promoters pulled us to the front - JUST LIKE THAT!  It was pretty awesome since we were on a time limit & b/c we were just walking through.  I, of course told him who's list we were on (gotta give credit to him).  It was FREEZING that night, so they had a tent up that night since Surrender is mainly an outdoor nightclub.  The women's restroom inside the dragon room only has 3 stalls, but the line wasn't even that bad, so no problems there!  The bartenders are attentive and quick to serve.  I enjoyed half one of the two DJs that were playing that night.  It was interesting b/c there was a DJ at both ends of the room and they would switch back and fourth.  Some guys were handing out glow stick tubes that said "Surrender" on it and I managed to get one (which made my night even MORE fun - as lame as that sounds).  I didn't really look at the crowd too much - I was having too much fun in my own little world I guess.  I didn't have people bumping into me on the dance floor and no one was spilling their drinks on me, so I was a happy camper.  A couple friends and I were able to dance on the stage, which also made it a fun night!  I can't wait to go back when its HOT so I can enjoy the outdoor areas.
3	Pretty fun place. Good balance of house and hip hop music. $18 drinks though. I'd recommend buying your tickets before hand but don't think that VIP means that you are actually important.
4	Had a great time at Surrender tonight with my friends!  When we arrived the line was a bit long but it moved pretty fast!  We were able to get on the guest list from a promoter so that got us in for Free!!!  (Let me know if any of you guys need a promoter!, definitely made the night easier) Tonight was also our first time seeing Steve Aoki and he was so awesome!  He definitely knows how to rock a party and tonight was sooo packed!  The drinks were kind of expensive but over all we had a great time so didn't mind that!!
1	DISHONEST and CHEATERS - The club owner and staffs are totally cheaters and liars. We stand in a queue after being told that cover charge is  40$. After 5 mins, one guy came and asked for 60$ so that he can give us direct entry. But we said.. we will stand in a line and pay 40$. When we reached at door, they started asking 75$ per person. When we told them that this is not an honesty and you should had to notify us when we were standing in a queue. They forced us to go far away from the club. Also they put X sign on our hands so that we cannot come back.Club is totally after Money.  Similar experience at The Tryst. New Year evening, on a phone they said 125$ cover charge. And at the cashier window they asked for 150$. In Summary - Wynn and Encore owners are pure cheater and liars. They are behind money, can go upto any level. Good luck if you want to still take a chance. Just be prepare to pay double at the door and get insulted.
3	Came here over the weekend to see Calvin Harris at Surrender and boy was I disappointed. I wasn't disappointed by Calvin Harris but by the venue. First of all, the actual nightclub is absolutely gorgeous. From the poolside to the bars, the set up of the place was pretty nice. But as we got to the main stage of the club, it was horrible. The tent where the main stage was set up was ridiculously small and the max capacity couldn't have been more than a 100. Even though the place was already exceeding a dangerous capacity, more and more people kept coming in which made it impossible to dance let alone BREATH! When Calvin Harris came on, the crowd became a pushing mess all the while the bouncers were pushing the rails on the side to keep the crowd within the pit. Just as a FYI to Surrender, if you're going to have bouncers push the rails on the side to keep the crowd in the pit, at least put a reasonable capacity level at the main dance floor. People drunk and pushing people belligerently is not a nice way to have a good time.
5	I LOVE this club! By far the best club I have ever been to! Great music and sexy people, what more can you ask for? :) Since this club is outdoor, it can be pretty hot in the summer time...all good though 'cuz once you're drunk, you won't even notice the difference hahaha. Some people might compare this place to XS Nightclub but I think overall I like this place better due to the chill atmosphere (just a personal preference). Oh! And another thing...this place is usually slow up until midnight or so and then it starts to pick up (well, unless if there's a famous DJ spinning then that's a whole different story!) Anyways, long story short...Surrender Nightclub is one of the hottest nightclub and you must see it to believe it! :)
5	Saw Steve Aoki on 1/14. Was an absolute blast - world-class decor, gorgeous girls, solid music, and unmatched drinks.This club is guaranteed to blow anyone with a sane mind away.Cons: 1) There were a few pushy d-bags in the crowd and a fight nearly broke out. 2) Good luck trying to navigate the dance floor.
4	I love clubbing in Vegas!!! Since we've been to almost all the hottest clubs in Vegas, Surrender was the only one we had yet to explore. It's definitely just as nice as XS and is also located in Encore hotel. Luckily for us, we had a promoter that hooked up our group of 10 guys and 4 girls. Since we went during MLK weekend, which was also when the CES Convention took place, everywhere was extremely crowded. The line itself extended so far back that if we didn't have our promoter take us in, I doubt we would even get anywhere near the front even after an hour or two. Yes, it was THAT long.She set up the boys with her host who gave us a really good price for 3 bottles and a table. They got taken up to the front of the line and straight inside the club to their table without any wait at all. As for the girls, she did the same for us - took us to the front and walked us over to our boys' table. Definitely a sweetheart and always ALWAYS takes such fantastic care of us every time we are in Vegas. Let me know if you want her contact info ;)Just like XS, there's a beautiful glowing pool on the outside and gorgeous lights surrounding the entire venue. Our table was inside near the gambling area...which was perfect for us because it wasn't too crazily crowded in there where we didn't have space to move and it was conveniently close to the main indoor dance floor where we could easily walk back and forth. Our host was also super attentive, frequently coming back to check on us, making sure everything was okay, and continuously filled our drinks for us. Calvin Harris was the DJ for the night and the music was definitely crackin! We pretty much drank and danced all through the night until maybe 4am. Everyone had a blast there and Surrender definitely became one of my top favorite Vegas clubs!
2	This place was really nice, don't get me wrong. My primary reason for going: Skrillex. It was very clear that the security at surrender had poorly planned for this event. I mean, people are paying a minimum of $50 to get in, and it's jam packed. I think they didn't quite anticipate such a large group. For this nice of a club, you'd think they wouldn't want people getting squished to death for paying a high fee to not enjoy the concert. I was in the very front by the dj area on the dance floor. Not only did I arrive early to get in, I stood there, in the front, for 3 hours to see Skrillex, to get all but 3 minutes of watching in. Seriously, there must be a limit as to how many people can be in a club at once time.. At least for safety and fire hazard reasons... they need to have a better plan when the club starts to get a long line, because too many people were let in. Especially on the dance floor, like, come on, they should have a certain amount that can be on it at one time during performances. They clearly let anyone get on, it was jam packed and people were elbowing me and hitting me on the head. Douchebag guys were just being, well, douchy. Trying to get in front of me at the last minute when I had been there for almost 4 hours waiting! Really, this club overall needs to have a better security plan when it comes to concerts. And of course, once it's already overly full, they try to squish in "VIP" girls in the front and make us move, and let's just say not all of them were small. You really think we can enjoy the concert when I can't even move?! I'm just upset I only got to stay for like 3 minutes of the performance.If you want a good experience without the fake girls and the douche bag guys at a club, go to the Rok at New York New York. I had a way better time there. Much more laid back without all the fake people. and the first DJ MM wasn't that great. He was OK.Skrillex was awesome for the time that I saw, but if I see him again, it will be at a stadium or amphitheater where I can actually listen and watch without being bruised to death. Ugh. Seriously, for a high end club, this was really ridiculous. It felt like some over packed low end backyard party, in a realllyyyyyy small backyard. I just had to get this off my chest, I can't sleep I'm so irritated. - really expensive- poor security and planning - fake people is what you'll see- you'll have way more fun at a place with real people, unless you are one of these d-bagsSigh.. This is all for now.
4	Blah Vegas clubs.  I'm getting pretty jaded and not much can impress me in the Vegas club land, but Surrender is definitely better than most in town.  Lots of space outside, awesome cabanas, a few bars, some gaming tables.  My main gripe is that in the winter, everyone crams into the inside bar and the tent, and so a lot of space is wasted.  Same problem if it's raining.  Also, there's lots of steps up and down that you don't expect, and I'm surprised some drunk ass person hasn't cut their head open, yet.  Surrender has A++++ acts, though.  Skrillex!
1	Oh, I don't know how I should start this review.... I guess I will l have to start at the beginning...We arrived at this club at 2AM Friday night for my Bachelorette weekend party. There was 11 of us girls total. The club ends at 4AM. One of my friends tried to get us in but she only got a stub for 7 girls only and the rest have to pay $30 cover... We were like WTF? serious? the club is closing in a couple of hours and we just wanted to dance for a little bit and they wouldn't let us in for free.I am not sure what happened  but the bouncer guy was not friendly with us at all. Maybe because my friend said something to him that he didn't like but he was not happy with us at all.When I tried to go talk to him to see if we can get another slip for 4 more girls, he said no because he already gave us the slip for 7 of us and if we send another girl to him, he will take the slip back.So all 11 of us girls are standing there trying to figure out what to do and some guy from UCLA asked us why we weren't in the club and we told him, they wouldn't let 11 girls all go in for free. He said, "what the heck??!!" Luckily there was a UCLA event and he told another bouncer that we were with him for the UCLA event and we got it.We made it in for the last song that Steve Aoki did. I guess that could be why we all couldn't get in for free. There was a DJ playing.Also, it was very cold so they had the tent up and it was very crowded and I did not have a good time at all. We had to stand in the back and a lot of people were leaving and kept on bumping into us while we were dancing.Sorry Surrender, I won't come back. We went to Tryst the night after and had the best time!!
5	I had a blast here!!! I love Vegas, I love clubbing, and I loooooove dancing!Calvin Harris played here and it made my night so much fun. After a failed night at the Marquee due to sickness, I came here energized and ready to go!Beware: Henn shots are $16 each! I highly suggest to pre-game lots and lots because that's what we didn't do.We were running late for the guest list and there was already a long line. Luckily, we waited 20-30 minutes and we were in there. Omg, surrender is soooo beautiful.. Sooo spacious and there's a pathway where you can cross the pool. There's nice couches for bottle service. I felt like I was in paradise.Again, the dance floor is the really small so people started pushing that it wasn't even dancing. We were just shoving each other to get closer to the DJ. Me being ruthless, crossed over to the VIP area, walked towards the DJ, and crossed back over to the general standing room. Security was a bit crappy because I easily got into the VIP area. They didn't even regulate how many people should be on the dance floor. It was mayhem. Before getting trampled, I escaped the pit and returned to my friends outside next to the pool where we happily danced, shuffled, and danced weirdly with each other until morning. I can't explain how much fun I had here. I personally think it depends on who you go with that will dictate the amount of fun you have.
3	Had a fun night here. Staff was nice and bartender with the big boobs was super friendly. One of the security guys was a bit strange though; I think he was Australian or British-hard to distinguish on top of all the noise.But.Dance floor was too small, and the equipment failed so the DJ battle came to an abrupt stop, killing the mood.However.The mini casino in the back is a pleasant touch. Also, didn't have to pay cover so I was happy lad.In the end.I don't know if I would come back here. In accordance to Vegas's standards, this club doesn't cut it. Instead, Marquee or XS are higher on my list.
4	I am a bit older than your average club kid these days. But I do Love Surrender for several reasons. First and foremost they book the best talent in Las Vegas. I never thought I would see so many hundreds of club goers literally bouncing up and down to dubstep (Skrillex) in a Las Vegas nightclub. It was almost a bit of a concert "pit" in there. Now Surrender itself is a little smaller but it opens up to the beautiful and wide open Encore Beach Club. So if you get a little claustrophobic its easy to take a time out and relax by the pool. I've never had issues with security here. Some clubs they can be real jerks to guys, but they have always been inviting here. JUST DONT MESS WITH THEIR ROPES OR CUT IN LINE. They do take that seriously. Drinks are really expensive but its Encore and Wynn, what do you expect? Overall, like the vibe, like the room and decor and Love Love Love the music they play here.
3	Surrender is definitely a smaller version of XS Club at the Encore. They have popular special guest DJs, pool area with cabanas, similar decor, and bungalows. This place is that there is a lot of SPACE to roam around aimlessly while drunk. However the dance floor can't seem to hold very many people. It felt packed like sardines. Everyone was pushing and my friend tripped over someone's foot and got kicked out because they thought she was too wasted.  They need to regulate how many people go in or out of the main dance floor.Music:Surrender hosts many popular house DJs. I came here to see Calvin Harris and it was poppin! At least what little of it I remember.
4	Surrender NIGHTCLUBMusic: Surrender books a lot of head liners that bring a range of music enthusiast like me out who really do appreciate EDM & it's culture. But most people are just jumping on the band wagon. Surrender also does a mix of rap people too because I know Lil' johns head lined there before. ( I know right lil john DJ's?). The lights made an awesome addition to club Vegas. People: The people here weren't so nice I saw a lot of girls and guys pushing people in the crowd. Moving or leaving the crowd was impossible. If you were in the middle of that over crowded crowd I feel sorry for you. Customer Service: Bouncers first off aren't the nicest guys in the world, but understand you have to be sweet or they'll just totally skip stamping your hand. The bouncers at surrender are okay. I was fine but there was girl that was really rude that had to get out of line to get stamped because apparently they skipped her on purpose LOL. Inside security of course seem cranky but its their job. They were mostly doing crown control because they place is super small so it gets ridiculous crowded. Bartenders were alright, I ordered a crown and coke but it ended up tasting 15% crown and 85% coke. I was bummed so I tipped her low. Line: Was ridiculously long and I heard General admission prices vary by the hour. Thank god my friends and I knew a promoter that walked us to the front of the line. Promoters help a lot when your in Vegas that's a must people!So I had a great time because I had a promoter; stayed away from the big crowd: & just enjoyed the music with my friends.
4	Yay for Dada Life!!! I have to say that I like the tent because without it I would be FREEZING! Although you still have to exit the tent to go to the restroom, but it's just a short walk so it's not too bad...We were here for Dada Life! I think if you have a local ID or if you were on GL with even # of guys and girls it's easier to skip the line and pay a lower cover. There's a part where you can gamble a little with a bar and we were there until Dada Life came on. The minimums weren't too bad but I def saw it go from $25 to $50 on the blackjack table later on in the night...The only thing I didn't like too much about it was that the dance floor at the front of the stage was SO PACKED. And the walkway to get there was also packed and impossible to move. I tried going in for about 3 seconds and turned around and just danced at the edge of the back by the bar. It was def more open there and I still had a clear view of the DJ booth so that was great. Prices are steep--it's Vegas. However, I did like how it felt like I was at an intimate show and not a big club party and it wasn't crowded to the point where I couldn't dance!
3	Fun place to go to party. Personally, I go on Wednesdays during the summer. That's when it's Industry night, and all the locals come out. So I get to see the regulars, and occasionally run into some friends. The dance floor is very tight and small because it's surrounded by loads of tables inside. So if you expect to bust a move in there. Forget about it. You can probably do some light shimmying or lean side to side on the floor. I love the design of the place though, but I only love going during the summer when the nights are warm and you can dip your toes in the water at night. The pool is amazing, and talk about a cute little walkway that cuts through the pool! Walking through it makes it hard to resist doing a runway walk through it like it's a fashion show. Beware though! That walkway is narrow so you better focus on keeping balance with your sexy Christian Louboutin stilletos, or you're in for disaster! Two floors of amazing cabanas with a nice flat screen, and sexy summer furniture. I'd definitely suggest to rent one out if your pocket can handle it (or if you've got enough women to get you one for free!). The music usually consists of a mixture of top 40 and the usual trance, electro, and techno. Usually you'll hear 70% techno and 30% top 40 (it's a guestimate as far as estimate, but you get the idea!). So if you're one to get down with top 40 hits just expect to hear very little of it.If you're one to mingle and walk around more than get down. It's the place to go, and you'll see a variety of people. So fellas, if you're looking for an assortment of options as far as potentials to mingle with. You can find it here. I also love that this place always has that ONE guy who's like 60 years old, getting down, with his crazy whimsical club attire (talking bright colored suites with gold pins whimsical). It's always a show.
4	Saw Skrillex here a couple weeks ago, he went off!It's interesting what they did with the club for the winter time.  The indoor portion of the club is pretty small, i'm guessing 4K sq ft. More than half of the club is a series of tents outside! Nice staff!  Great vibe for a vegas club. Strangers were high fiving each other on the dancefloor and genuinely having a fantastic time.  Maybe everyone was rolling? One section was almost continuously raining 1$ bills, and no one was scrambling to pick them up!!!!!!!!Regardless, it's nice to see a crowd get down like that in las vegas, which is usually poser central.  Great club, even better in the summertime.  Intimate place to see a headlining DJ.
4	Went here with my girlfriends this past weekend. Definitely was packed inside since 1) it's super cold outside and 2) Afrojack was playing!The inside dance floor is really small, and it does get packed. Surrender is more of an ourside beachy lounge club, but because of the weather and the DJ, it was poppin! A little too poppin. Like most clubs, maybe look into bottle service.The outside is beautiful, and I just want to lounge and chill everywhere! And of course Afrojack was amazing this night.Still a good place to hit up while in Vegas!
3	I have mixed emotions about this place.. The indoor/outdoor pool setting & backdrop of the Wynn & Encore is just astonishing & great for pics (My profile pic was taken there) however I HIGHLY recommend getting on a guest list. My friend & I waited in line for an hour & didn't move at all before finally paying the bouncer 40 bucks each to let us in.. once we got in it wasn't really poppin & the music was ehhh.. My friend & I each ordered a Grey Goose & Red Bull from the bar & were charge $40!! We drank our drinks, took some pics & took off back to the strip where we got hammered & partied our asses off lol.
3	Surrender Club...We came in around 1am (we saw the Thunder from Down Under guys - oh yeah) and just danced the night away. The place was packed especially near the stage and stripper poles. My girlfriends know me and this other girl have been taking lessons but come on now... In a club? Okay, so I just did some spins bc I was wearing pantyhose and that prevents you from climbing the pole well.  But security took us down. Come on! Pros:* you can go across the pool and sit in the casino/club area.* bar near casino not busy* has pool areaCon:* crowded at dance area* a lot of security had stuff up their... Noses, yeah...Note: get on guest list if you know ome one or not. We were 10 girls. No problem.
4	One of my All Time Favorite Clubs in Vegas... Its very spacious so your not suffocating there! The dance floor is big, the outside area is humongous, its easy to get in. The place has a fun and Beautiful atmosphere. The bar is not too crowded and the drinks are made really good and strong... they have coat check inside thats a plus.. Overall a very good club to be at. As I said One of my favorites!
4	Christine and I on New Years Day @ Surrender...Her: Why don't we take a break and have a few drinks?Me:  Sure! what do you like? Her: Just a Red Bull and vodka. Me:  Got it. Wait right here. Me (to bartender): Two Red Bull vodkas please.Bartender: Ice?Me: No ice. (obviously) Bartender: You got it. (Hands me two plastic cups...)My receipt:_______________________________               Surrender @ Encore              3121 Las Vegas Blvd S                   (702) 770-7300POOL                9109                   GST 1            JAN 1'11        12:28AM- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -    2 Grey Goose RB @ 20.00          40.00      4.00%                                                1.6016.00% Gratuity                               6.40LIQUOR                                          40.00Service Charge                               8.00Total Due                                     $48.00                                                 +*                     THANK YOU  +*                                                    +*_______________________________...Holy Mary Mother of God, I hadn't even had a single drink and i'm already $50 in the hole! Bottom Line:  I can't believe the "review highlights" don't say this but be sure to Pre-party EXTRA HARD before walking into this amazing nightclub. ____________________________________________________+* : Notes the bloodstains from my nose after seeing the receipt
4	This place sure is pretty. Definitely one of the nicest looking clubs I've been to in Vegas. That earns it a four star rating for sure. This place is popular so try and get on a guest list or something so you don't have to wait on line. Luckily we met a promoter that let us in right away. There is an area for dancing which gets packed! Only head over there if you are in the mood to be dry humped by random strangers. The rest of the place is huge. Plenty of space for you and your group to hang out without being bumped into every five seconds. There is a bar behind the pool which wasn't crowded at all. Sure the drinks are ridiculously priced but this is Vegas and you're not in a dive bar. Don't you know the rules? Drink in your hotel before heading here that way you only have to buy one beer.
2	I think this place might be cool during the day with the pool outside, but we went to go dancing at night, and it was terrible.The dance floor is TINY!  There was literally a line of people waiting to get on the dance floor, and once you get on you cannot dance because there are people shoved up against you in every direction.The decor was cool, and the gogo dancers were really good, but the dance floor situation was just so terrible, and since that was the only reason we went out it was just bad in my book.  We wouldn't go back.
3	We noticed that Diplo was starting his residency at this club and decided to get some tickets to his opening night. I'd been to XS before but never to Surrender. The two venues are similar although Surrender is smaller and feels a little "cheaper". The same however cannot be said for the drinks, it's full on Vegas pricing so it's better to preflight on the penny slot machines before heading in - unless you have Steve Wynn's bank balance of course. The weather was a little chilly so we couldn't take advantage of the outdoor area so much but it was beautiful non the less. On balance I think I prefer XS.
3	I will probably come back to Surrender some day and be able to give it a better review.  But my honest opinion is that this place just should not be open during the winter/fall months.  The outside area is GORGEOUS, but it is WAY too cold.  They could definitely do with a few outdoor heaters.  Also, all the seating outdoors was soaking wet.  What are people who order bottle service supposed to do?The inside areas are very small and not as nice as the outdoor decor.  As a girl, my intuition would be to stay outside but the cold just made it impossible.  We got here early and the place was a bit dead.  We left thinking maybe things would heat up (temperature and party-wise) if we came back later in the night.  But we went over to 1OAK and ended up having such a good time that we never bothered coming back.Surrender, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE, invest in a couple of outdoor heaters!  Or else I will have to designate you a summer only type place.  Seriously, you're losing business!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. Mostly because of all the space.  And the cabanas.  And the gorgeous view.  And all the plushy seats they have available.  Came here last Wednesday for Knife Party and overall it was a great experience-my group of girlfriends and I got in free with a promoter.  Didn't have any run-ins with douchebag bouncers.  Security here seems to be pretty on top of things.  Got four shots for $5 which isn't bad for a club in Vegas (esp. considering that it's $12 for a shot at XS).  My favorite thing about this place was being able to get fresh air and being able to sit around comfortably if I wanted to.  That's not something you find at a lot of clubs.  And if I felt like it, I could go to their little rave cave for some time.  That being said, I am totally going back the next time I'm in Vegas :).
4	Take it in... Take it all in... Yes, that's the smell of turning 21 and finally making my way to Vegas whilst being legal for a change and Surrender was the first destination we went to on our very first night to go see Calvin Harris perform! And I have to say it was a good night. ;) Thank god for being a girl and having friend's with connections to the promoters, thanks Kay for getting us in! ;D Because unfortunately for gents, the cover charges are pretty intense ($40-$100) and $30 for girls not being on the guest lists. AMBIANCE: Sexy. That's how I would describe the place. Red, black, gold, serpent, stripper poles, pool lounges, palm trees, beautiful waitresses= SEX. The place is just gorgeous! The pools were beautiful, lit by dim blue lights and atop of them were these circular lounges that seemed to float across them. They have very nice surround sound system so that no one missed out on the music wherever they are located in the club. They also had a lot of lights strewn across the area, it's definitely the place to be. ;) There are two bars located on each side of the club, one with a large serpent coiled across a mirrored wall full of alcohol (where the main floor/stage is located) and the other one on the other side of the pools. But, they have a nonexistent dance floor so it gets crowded, real fast- that's when the fists and the sweaty bodies starts to throw themselves against you. Had a fight break out right in front of my face... No bueno. -___- At that point the guards will cut off the dance floor and the area to the first bar, so if you plan to stick around the area where the party is at, I suggest you stay there or there will be no way back in. Along the walkway are multiple dance poles and it's where the bottle service tables are located. In end: it's a gorgeous area! No words can fully describe it, you'll have to go see for yourself.DRINKS: Expensive, but hey- it's Vegas. LOL. Greygoose shots starts at $16.00 and it goes up from there and a small bottle of Fiji water is $8.00- we tried asking for a cup of ice and they wouldn't let us have it, it was mandatory to buy something to get a cup... Hmm, Marquee gave us water without question. v__v"PEOPLE: Ummmm. The night started out REALLY slow and I mean SLOOOWWW. The party didn't start til 12:30 am... The people were just standing around and the music was too low to be partying up. :-/ But after Calvin Harris showed everything was pretty much uphill from then. :DBut Surrender is a place I would definitely go back to when I visit Vegas a second time! :)
4	I've heard a lot of mixed reviews about this place but I like it! Sure the dancing area is REALLY small, but it's a pretty roomy club.  I love how they have sofa things around the venue and there's a pool in the middle as well.  It's pretty in my opinion.  It was pretty cracking when I went and Bingo Players were playing.  The bouncers take their job SERIOUSLY here.  Some need to loosen up, but there were some nice ones there.  Drinks are about $20 here, but get them at the pool side like Bryant T. said!
4	This is one of my favorite nightclubs in Vegas. I've been to many of them, but nothing beats this one. It's very similar to XS, but smaller. It's spacious, plays great music, cabanas are comfortable, and drinks are well made. The outside areas is great in the summer since it gets pretty hot inside. The company always makes a difference as well, but I normally go with a fun group of people that like to party. Overall, love this place and would recommend to anyone who wants to dance the night away!
5	I love the ambiance of the place.  Its gorgeous, beautiful, and classy.  When the dance floor gets too hot to handle you can step out to the pool setting with huge lounge areas.  There are cabanas that give you the summery getaway feel.  I love it. If you don't know a promoter get to know one or else waiting in line can be a pain.  Thankfully for girls its free if your on the guest list and if your a guy just expect to pay.  I went during Spring Break and we all know how that goes.  IT GETS PACKED!  Even so don't let that stop you because the more the merrier.  Yes you may get shoved and pushed here and there but its a dance floor its expected.  The music they played was mainly house music and it was not that bad.  Bar: It was pretty pricey.  We ordered 3 adios and two cranberry vodka that came out to be $77.  If you were to average the drinks out its about $15. I wish there was less ice and more alcohol. :/
3	There was something... off about Surrender. For me, at least. But that might also be the disgusting amount of Red Bull vodkas I consumed there talking.My friends and I popped in here quickly around midnight. Luckily my friend's promoter has a thing for her, because he got us in for free (although it was a bit of a struggle, according to him). I wandered off once we got in to meet up with my other friends, which was probably a good decision, because one of them ended up hustling hella drinks for us.For some reason it bothers me that their pool is so huge and their dance floor seems so small (I can't say this for sure, since I never actually went onto the dance floor, but it looked very cramped). There were very few people around the pool, probably because it was pretty cold that night, but the poor distribution of people annoyed me a little. The crowd was also overwhelmingly Asian, which I would prefer not to have unless I'm being dragged to TAo. The music was okay -- Bingo Players were playing, but I'm not too familiar with them so I mostly tuned them out.Overall, wouldn't come back if I had the option of going to XS or Tryst, but if it's a warm summer night and you're club hopping around the Encore/Wynn, it's worth stopping by.
1	Might I say....WORST CLUB EVER?I was pretty excited for Surrender; the concept sounded awesome enough that I chose to go here for my birthday. SUCH A BAD DECISION. Waited in a super-long line to get in despite being on the "VIP guestlist" and once we got in, the club was...not full. At all. The dance floor was non-existent so we went to grab drinks in the poker area ($14/vodka tonic, for the record) then took a lap around. HOLY ATTITUDE coming from everyone in this place. I got knocked into HARD about 198 times and was ready to start throwing my purse. We remembered free champagne for girls, and the bartender was a serious dick. He gave us hot champagne after serving EVERYONE else (and even stopped pouring our drinks to serve someone else) and told security I was cursing him out. Happy birthday to me!After that fun experience, we decided to leave but were made to wait behind a rope for five minutes. I don't understand the logic in that. First you want to kick me out, but five minutes later you won't let me leave? Seriously?Never going back. You shouldn't either. There's much better places out there.
2	The club is amazing. However the door guy is very unprofessional. If you spend that much time and money to build a brand hide that guy in the back. We had purchased a cabana, spent thousands and that wasn't good enough for this guy. Maybe he was having a hard day. This one star is for the door guy. This one star is for Mr Wynn who makes his cocktail servers stay 5 hours after their shift to mop the floors. They are talented girls who work hard to have an appearance that brings in the people.
5	Disclaimer: This review is written under the pretense that the reader understands the price you pay if you want to party it up on the Las Vegas strip! This venue is for the young adult that indulges in pop culture hop hop/top 40 mashed up electro house music! Since these guys are also on vacation, they should also understand that drinks will be expensive! With that said...The staff at this establishment is AMAZING. I take them over XS or Marquee any day. Encore Beach Club is the outside pool party area and Surrender is the inside. Do you wanna know how awesome place is? Sometime last fall some idiot screwed up the plumbing inspection and destroyed one of the water valves. Water leaked into the venue at 1000 gallons per minute, therefore causing millions of dollars worth of damage. But guess what, my former roommate was sent in and in 13 days the place was fixed and back to normal and open to the public. While the inside is a small lounge, the venue relies on the outside pool area to make up for lack of square footage (by housing an extra 7000 or so people). There is a cool looking snake display mounted on one of the walls that is painted in gold. This place is a local favorite on industry Wednesdays and Thursday night dip and dance parties when summer heats up; the pool opens even at night. The only venues I've ever been to that welcome fashionable dress attire as well as swim attire are Encore Beach Club Thursday dip n dance and XS Sunday nightswim, BOTH at Encore Casino lol.
4	Finally, a nightclub in Vegas that I could breathe in AND gamble a little at the same time (I actually just watched people gamble, but I'd like to sound baller.) I walked into Surrender being previously haunted by how crowded Marquee was the night before, and I didn't expect myself to enjoy yet another blurry night of painful toes in heels. We managed to get several glasses of free champagne, which are always welcomed in my world. Kevin from the Office was having a swell time there, so I supposed this club must be promising. Comparing to the other clubs that I visited during my trip, including Marquee, Lavo, and Tao, I'd say Surrender was my favorite, considering I was laying on the lounge bed for most of the night, aching away in my 5 inch stilettos.
4	Free drinks, pretty view..I'm in heaven..almostCROWD: Honestly, I think the crowd is a crucial aspect of any Vegas experience. Yeah, there are those who say "We make our own fun!". True, but if the vibe sucks around you then it's easy to lose your energy real fast. The crowd is older twenties early thirties, so it's definitely not a Marquee or XS, but it's still fun! Crowd is also diverse, so it's not like a 626 reunion here (thank goodness!)The dance floor is wherever you want, because this place is HUGE. Nice views of the shallow pools and plenty of space (extra space that you don't have to pay for!) for people to sit on (aka golden spots for girls to rest their feet). I went on the night of the hip hop house battle, and the DJs definitely knew their stuff. Drinks are SUPER strong. My friend ordered a Tokyo Tea (my personal fav!) and sipped it like minishots all night long.
4	I normally hate clubs because it's too packed, I hate sweaty people rubbing up on me or bumping into me and I hate getting hit on my sleazy guys. However, I had a wonderful time at Surrender. We had a nice private room on the upper level balcony. It was fun to chill in the room which was heated (since it was pretty windy and chilly that night) and we could still go hang out on the dance floor or dance/chill with our friends on the balcony. The view was pretty great from the balcony. I love that it's outdoors as well - I feel like it's the first club I was at that wasn't suffocating or making me feel claustrophobic, I could actually breathe fresh air~ We had a couple bottles of Dom and Ace champagne! If you go with a good group of friends, you're def going to have a good time. The crowd was pretty crazy even on a wednesday night - I didn't really attempt to meet anyone or make new friends but I'm sure you could if you wanted to. If you're really looking to dance, they had a pretty packed dance floor as well. I kind of feel like Surrender has a little something for everyone. Not to mention poles where there were definitely some hot chicks putting on a few free shows for everyone! Hah!I'd definitely come back here, maybe throw a bday party here :)The view: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=SAVq9t6Hs561yzp5-ZvCVAhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=aFSnu-X8fT5uP20hxZjokg&userid=SAVq9t6Hs561yzp5-ZvCVAAce! Pretty bottle: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=2bpM00819mOLKn5_UMP8Lg&userid=SAVq9t6Hs561yzp5-ZvCVA
2	Right when i walked in The carpet smelled like old rag and it makes you want to throw up also the dance floor is super small My friend ,not drunk at all, wanted to play with the water near the pool and the security showed us where the restroom was...lied and brought us to the exit saying she can't be in their club because she was too drunk which I have to emphasize that she was NOT which made the guys who came with waste their $30-40The alcohol was not strong at all.., once the ice melted it felt like I was drinking cranberry juice or watered down soda But anyways they had open bar for girls so I guess it made it up even though guys had to pay for weak alcoholThe go go dancer or pole dancer was great though she went all the way up towards the ceiling hanging upside down with her legs probably the best thing that happened that night +1 star for the dancer :)
4	I liked Surrender for the ambiance and the fact that it's much more spread out.  Some people might not like this if they're into being in packed conditions for close comfort.  But it gives an opportunity for people to walk around, actually SEE people up close, talk to people without yelling etc.  Nevermind the guy that flat out starts off his pick up line with, "I'm rich".  Really?  Great.  Just great. haha.  But anything goes, it's Vegas!  I'm sure you could come up with any line and buy a girl a drink here. I like that the bar area is also lit up.  Oh good, so you can actually see what you're ordering.  I like that the majority of this place is outdoors.  Gives you some breathing space.  Disappointed I missed Calvin Harris because he dropped in so late, but the people watching and being able to just sit down and enjoy some drinks with friends made up for it.
4	Alright I'll be honest I wasn't happy when I first got in here $50 to get in?! I've gotten into Tao/XS/The bank/lavo/Marquee all for free before so I was pretty pissed to shell out $50 bucks here to say the least (haters go and judge I'm Chinese I'm allowed to be cheap)When I got in I was amazed at the venue, it looked REALLY nice, with all the colored lights and pool in the middle it was dare I say the nicest venue in Vegas that I've been to. Drinks were on par with the prices of Vegas and music was good, and my female friends did get in for free so I was starting to feel a bit better.The enclosed area, the "dance floor" was TINY though, and packed with people, and some ***** was smoking in the middle of the dance floor, FORREAL?! of course she went around and burned a few people, myself included. They definitely need to expand the dance floor because right when you step into the open area the music level drops by quite a lot..XS was able to do it outdoors so they shouldn't have a problem! Overall, great place, would love to come back again! On par with XS in my opinion!
2	Beautiful venue. Went on a Saturday night.... felt like it was a monday night...
3	Surrender can be a hit-or-miss club. This club and XS are both in Encore.  I've gone there twice, but I actually stayed to dance and check out the crowd when I was there about 3-4 weekends ago.  I went with 2 other girls on a Friday night and got comped by one of the promoters that reached out to us on the Strip.  I think his name is Jason, so thanks Jason!  Also if you're a lady, you can get free drinks before 12-12:30 (I forgot).  The club itself is pretty interesting with the snake theme going on, and the outdoor area is pretty spacious.  It's spacious enough that if you're sweaty and need to take a breather from dancing you can just stand/sit around.  The dance floor is pretty small and can be cramped at times.  When I went the first time they played mostly house, but the second time it was a DJ/hip-hop battle track thing so they played a good house/hip-hop/top 40 mix.  If you plan to hit up the clubs in Encore, just make sure you get your hand stamped at XS first because XS lines get long.  Then make your way over to Surrender to just chill and dance however long you want, grab your free drinks, and then go back to XS if you wish.
4	Nice place.  Note that's it located at the Encore, not the Wynn like our group thought...Bottle service was pretty cool, but I think it was only because it was my first time doing bottle service ever.  Celebrated my 21st birthday here by drinking my last 4/5 shots (to make it 21 shots for the day) and I pretty much hit a wall of drunken tiredness.  Surrender, thanks for not kicking me out even though I wanted to practically sleep on the couch.When I did have energy towards the end of the night, music was pretty poppin' and the dance floor wasn't too crowded nor too empty.  Sick pool, I wouldn't mind dipping my feet into the water in the middle of clubbing.Nice staff also, took care of us for the night.  Even though we weren't allowed to keep our bottle from bottle service, we still came home with it (shhh....).See you soon, Surrender.
5	Gorgeous club - views are incredible.Wed. can be dead in Vegas, but Surrender was still lining up at 2am.  Didn't care for the attitude of the door staff but was beelined in with a guy friend (1:1) after paying cover.Fantastic DJ - crowd was having a blast. EBC lit up at night is stunning - club is wrapped around the pool, fantastic people watching. Outdoors pool area is spacious and perfect if you want a break from the smaller dancefloor, which gets packed. One of the nicest clubs in Vegas.
5	The best club in Vegas!In the summer (pretty much the only time I go to Vegas), Surrender is the place to be.  Who doesn't like an outdoor venue with a Mediterranean vibe, pools all around, beautiful people, and amazing djs?  If you love Encore Beach as much as I do, Surrender is basically the night version of that pool party.There is small inside portion of the club where the dj and dance floor is located along with a bar and bottle service tables.  It is super dark in there and the dance floor is super small and can get really packed.  However, the music can be heard all outside and you can virtually dance anywhere!  Want to rest your footsies after having a dance session in your 5 inch stilettos and don't have a table? No problem...they have circular cement planters that act as seating throughout the venue.  Lines for guestlist and general admission generally move pretty quickly.  Love this venue!
5	Hands down, the best birthday I've had... The people, the music, vibe, go-go dancers, alcohol, EVERYTHING!  Our promoter Michael went above and beyond to treat us like VIP's.  I owe you one Michael!!!  Will definitely be coming back to Surrender for more good times.
5	We had a blast at this club and even stayed there until the sun came up and they turned on the lights and closed it up - I guess that says it all!!!  Ok. I just loved the vibe. The outside/pool area is just amazing, especially on a cooler beautiful summer night. The dance floor is rather small but it opens up to the outside area, so it never got sticky and stinky in there. Plus, you can walk out anytime if you need more fresh air. Music was more house the night we went and I loved it. They have multiple bars, seating around the palm trees if you don't have a reservation and a gambling area.There is no cover on Fridays until 7pm (day club). I just wish they had reduced cover for local gents to their night club and we would definitely go more often.
5	I had the most amazing night here!I came with a friend for Yelp Spring Break, so the front of the line jump and the free drinks might have helped, but walking into the club and seeing the huge pool and cabana area stretch out ahead of me was just... spectacular!  I felt like I was in the Vegas of the ads and movies.  We partied all night to awesome DJs on a dance floor with just the perfect amount of people.  Plus the dance floor opening to the outside kept everything nice and cool.The pool area provided plenty of places to sit down after dancing my feet off, and also provided a space where you could hear yourself speak and mingle with other club-goers.  Big-bonus there was never a long wait at the bars, BUT my one beef is that they did not offer tap water and bottled was EIGHT UNICORN LICKING DOLLARS.
4	This was the first club I went to when I was in Vegas with my girls. We were celebrating for one of my girlfriends bachelorette party here on a Friday night. At first it wasn't that crowded, but later on it got really crowded on the dance floor when Steve Aoki was DJing. By the way, I love his music because it gets me goin'! I thought the venue looked so pretty. There was a lot of space! Everyone outside was just chillin' having their drinks. I liked the atmosphere and scenery of this club. There was also a strip pole for females only. Males aren't allowed to dance on the strip pole even if they wanted to for fun. One of the guys we met wanted to dance on the strip pole but one of the bouncers told him that he couldn't. They gave him a warning and told him if he did it again then he would get kicked out of the club. I kinda thought it was lame but whatever. I still had fun dancing and chillin' with my girls!
5	Had the time of my life here! Beautiful casino with butterflies on the carpet giving it a cute girly style. Club was awesome! I plan on coming here again my next trip to Vegas!!
5	Oh Surrender! You had me at 'hello, ID please'! I was here for a bday celebration so of course we did bottle service. Expensive as it was it was seriously worth it. Our cocktail server and the server's assistant were so incredibly sweet and nice. No snooty bitchassness with them! They were so on point with keeping our mixers full and our table clean. I wish I remembered their names but there were definitely kisses and thank yous at the end of the night.The club itself is so the antithesis of the club concept. Surrender is Encore Beach Club by day and Surrender Club at night. What I love is that most of the tables are outside around the pool. Fresh air at a club??! Who knew! It's very scenic and beautiful with great lighting and a romantic, classy, fun ambiance. The music is loud and there is plenty of room to dance outside and not be stuck inside some sweaty dude's armpit. There is a dance floor tho if personal space is not an issue. There are 3 bars to expedite inebriation as well as gaming tables if you just gotta get your fix.Music is EDM. Awesome! When we were there Diplo was headlining and they've gotten Tiesto and the like as well. The bouncers and enforcers were really nice and professional. Overall a great night and totally worth it!
3	Trying to get into the club was a nightmare! I went with 3 other girls and we were on a guestlist. We made sure we were in line before midnight. Around 11:30 we were still waiting in line and they told us it wasn't free anymore and it was 35.00 a head. Chris and Ryan were bouncers in charge of the lines and letting so many female groups ahead of us when we had to wait forever! I asked Chris why he wasn't letting our line in and he just ignored me and let others go ahead. The bouncers were discussing with each other which groups should go in and which ones should wait. That is very unacceptable. There was a thin, light skinned female, with shoulder length light brown hair with layers holding a clipboard walking around. I asked if she worked there. She said yes. So I complained to her about the situation and she replied, "It's a club what do you expect!", and she rolled her eyes and walked away. I didn't get her name but she was very rude and extremely unprofessional!!!! She needs to be trained on her people skills because she does not work well under pressure and chaos. That whole experience ruined my night and if it wasn't for it being my friend's birthday I would have left. Management please be aware of these employees and roll the surveillance camera's from friday May 25th around 11 to midnight and observe your staff. The club itself is amazing but the chaos and disorganization in the lines it is unprofessional.
5	Opulence everywhere! Has a dance floor and djbooth in one section, then across the pool is the bar with card tables. It's surrounded by cabanas and day beds (it's encore beach club during the day time) drinks run at $15.. Shot girls go around with yummy shooters.. Sometimes you just have to tip them well and you can have the whole tray. Guest list is worth it because they waive the cover on non holidays.
5	$50 to see Tiesto on Memorial Day Weekend? You are too kind.There are pools EVERYWHERE. But at night, you're not supposed to go in. Oh what rebels my friends are.The bartenders make a mean Liquid Cocaine, which apparently is just a bunch of alcohol thrown into a cup. That really messed up our birthday girl. Happy birthday beezayy!!!!!!!!Props to the Asian guy I danced with for a few minutes. Not grinding--dancing. That's how good of a dancer you were, that we could actually groove together.The dance floor is way too small. But who cares. While waiting outside to get in, we grabbed free glow sticks and strung them around our arms and heads. While waiting for Tiesto on the dance floor, we pawed for free light sticks and waved them like we just didn't care.Thank you to the bulky Mexican guys who stood behind us for most of the evening, protecting us from pushy dancers.Thank you to the cameramen and photographers who captured our crazed faces throughout the night, along with the super tired face of my friend. I noticed that she's not in any of the pictures uploaded on the FB page. I would have done the same.Guy: "Is she YAWNING?"Me: "Yes...I'm sorry"After 3 hours of Manufactured Superstars, Tiesto finally appeared at 2:35 AM.While raging:Me: "You know, we're so close to Tiesto that we could probably throw our light sticks and whack him in the head."Birthday Beezay: "Yeah we could, but then we would get kicked out and get blacklisted at Surrender."Me: "Yeah...that would suck."*resume raging*Best night ever.
5	Effin expensive....  Got a table....but it was well worth it... Got to bypass line and walk right in.  Table service was fabulous. They keep the table area clean, they make sure you have plenty of ice, they make sure your mixers are always full, and they always make sure you have plenty of cups.  Very well done in that aspect.  Of course the bottles are ridiculously expensive.  I like how the whole club is outside... There is so much space to and lots of room to roam around... so much better than a packed club where u can't hear anything.  The pools add a nice ambience...i almost puked into one...but luckily kept it together.  The chicks here were pretty cool...we didnt come across any stuck up bitches....  I'm not a club guy, but I enjoyed myself here.
4	Surrender is, without a doubt, glamorous and beautiful, with its pools, pillars, and pole bars. My only concern is its small dance floor. It becomes every claustrophobe's nightmare, raging to Steve Aoki and trying to maneuver him on his floaty boat as he sprays/spits champagne all over you. Besides the size, Surrender always delivers when it comes to fun and drunken entertainment!
3	Stopped by to see Calvin Harris Saturday night during EDC weekend. I had already attended 3 clubs and 2 pools from Thursday to Saturday so I went in already unenthusiastic and relatively exhausted but was pleasantly surprised by how well the performance went. One really shitty thing is that VIP wristbands are required if you want to get onto the dance floor (although they don't tell you this when you buy tickets.) So there was a huge mob of EDM fans in the back and the ballers and socialites in the front. The security eventually let everyone on the dance floor but it was just chaos getting onto the floor. The crowd had the least etiquette of all the other nightclubs in Vegas I went to although I sort of expected that. Aesthetically it was a 10/10However overall I'd rate my experience at a 3.5. That was really uncool how they did us EDM fans. I'd still definitely go again.
4	If you like House music, you would have fun at this club.  My girlfriend like this kind of music (not me), and she wanted to go here because they had Afrojack (I had no idea who he was) as the DJ for that night.  We were able to get in for free and cut the line.  In Vegas, each employee at a club has quota of bringing people in and promoting the place.  So if you are in a group of females, most likely you will get in for free.  They are people promoting a club at hotels and even at the entrance on the spot.  The place was completely packed and crazy.  We were there when there was EDM going on in Vegas (Again I had no idea what it was but people kept asking us if we were going so it must be a big event).  It was so hard not to get pushed into the pool as we were walking.  They have a beautiful pool, pole bars and many sofas and tables.  The dance floor is small and on a crowded weekend like that, it might be the best just chilling in the pool.  The bar was also crowded and it took us forever to order.  I know I would have enjoyed much more if they played the music I like.  I am just not a fan of house music.  But the place itself was pretty nice and fun to chill with your friends!
4	Surrender is a beautiful club! I don't see why a lot of people bash it compared to XS. I loved the layout. I loved the easy access bar by the betting tables :) Very nice. Never had a problem even though it was a super packed night, and never had to wait long!Bartenders were SUPER friendly. We would ask if they could make drinks stronger, and they did just that without charging us more. LOVE :) I think the drinks were 14 bucks each. There's tons of space to just chillax. Can I just mention we waited to see Calvin Harris EDC weekend. AMAZING!!! :)So, since I'm a girl, I could get into the dance floor easily without a wristband. However, my guy friends not so much. The bouncer wouldn't let them in... but... after watching for awhile, I noticed he was taking "tips." He never even looked how much you tipped him either, so one guy I saw made the mistake of giving him 50, whereas some people only tipped him like 5-10 bucks. The bouncer obviously can't accept tips, so he never checked how much you gave him! Tip to all of you :) Just slip him some money and your fun shall begin. Small price to pay, really, and the bouncer was really nice about it.So much fun by the time you got into the dance floor. Calvin Harris killed it, his second opener was also amazing :)
5	I thought XS was the best night club in Vegas...wrong Surrender womps all over XS. My girl got bottle service for her bday when Bingoplayers with special guest Afrojack and Knife Party were spinning. The table itself was in an amazing location that had the perfect view of the DJs spinning. As for the VIP experience it was awesome acting like wild animals and bouncing all over the couches. I appreciated how huge the club was with a massive dance floor and all access to the pool area. The highlight was definitely jumping in the pool to meet Afrojack. Ruining my dress was well worth it. Overall, great atmosphere, great gambling, and even better wild Vegas experiences here at Surrender.
5	I really like Surrender. Why? Because you can hang out and dance outside so you're not packed like sardines in the inside. We came here on a Friday night. We were on a guestlist and waited about 15 min. No cover for girls, but the guys had to pay $20. On the text it said free champagne until 12:30, but it was really until 12. The inside has a bar, small dancefloor, and tables. I would just recommend hanging out outside. I would be scared to come here during a special event. You can easily get pushed into the pool. Surrender was a good time. Didn't stay there all night because we went to check out XS.
4	Went here on a Thursday night for one of my girlfriends friends birthday parties. I parked in the Encore garage and made my way over to the front. There were about 6 people ahead of me for table reservations, but the lines were not bad. I showed my local ID and went right in. I didn't know that Thursday is outside in the pool, so there were people in all the pools and cabanas. The cabanas were pretty cool, with balconies that opened to the strip below. There was also table games outside, but the minimums were pretty high. There were bottles for the birthday party, so we didn't have to hit the bar. All in all, it was decent. Very upscale, typical of Wynn resorts, but not that crowded, with plenty of room for everyone to move around comfortably. Would go here again. It is also Encore beach club during the day.
4	This place is exactly what you would think it would be. A lot of glitter. A lot of men in white pants with matching white shoes (what in the world is that about). Typical club drink prices. The usual lifestyle for club scenes. Probably should say I am absolutely NOT a clubber. So take this with a grain of salt. We went to see Diplo. Who came in way late in the night. That's expected. We had fun mingling with the other folks who came to see Diplo or just happened to show up that night. They had open champagne bar for the broads for an hour which was nice. But those broads are cutthroat with smiles and uncomfortable heels. Ha, most were pretty friendly though. The "bros" were on a mission to one up each other dancing. I felt like I was in the movie Step Up or something. The place itself is so pretty. The lights all around the cabanas light up in sync with the music. The giant pool area (don't bother even sticking your feet in there or security acts like you're about to drown in 8 inches of water). but still looks amazingly beautiful. The place went off until we called it quits somewhere around 5am. Saw one broad get wheeled out in a wheel chair, saw another get strapped into a stretcher. I know this may be a general statement, but they really should provide TAP water at best to their customers. Guys pay $40 to get in  (women are free) but a 12oz bottle of Fiji water is $8 and change. Just LOOKING at that crowd you know they were all pilled out or drunk beyond belief. Paying $10 for a coors light and $8 for a water? Staying hydrated absolutely falls second in priorities. For gods sake they won't even give you ice. Point of that rant = when you have DJs who OBVIOUSLY will have a group of X taking clientele, you may want to make sure your patrons aren't getting wheeled out because you charge for water. HELL. They charged for ICE. Aside from CLEARLY not being OK with $10 beers and $20 vodka's *didn't even bother trying to see what a shot of something would go for* it was a FUN night. The place itself was gorgeous. The bartenders (for the most part) were attentive and friendly. Security were d*cks but that's to be expected. And wearing 5 inch heels for 10 hours made me want to kill myself. 4 stars because if i were ready to just throw money around like a kardashian i would. and probably love this place.
1	Confused!!! Based on the reviews, it's great. My experience was horrible! Bouncers will bump in to you on purpose to kick you out! WTH is that??? F**K this place, never again.
4	I know Marquee has taken over as the current "hot spot" in Vegas but Surrender delivered a fun-filled night that was the highlight of a great birthday weekend.Since people in our group were getting in at varying times on Friday, we didn't make any solid plans for Friday night.  An impromptu hookup from a promoter got us a great table for a decent price for the 10 of us.  We were escorted right in and straight to our table.  We had 3 servers who kept our glasses full and our space free from strangers so we could dance and party up without getting trampled.The main dance floor was a sea of people that extended from the DJ stage all the way back to the pool area that is the Encore Beach Club during the day.  Surrender was an amazing start to an unforgettable weekend!
5	Flew in from Chicago on a Wednesday night of EDC week, and didn't expect to go out that night... who was I kidding right?Friend of mine calls me and says "we're all on a guest list to see Alesso tonight at Surrender", so much for having a low-key night. We get here and the line through the casino is ridiculous. Turns out Wednesdays are industry night, and while getting on the list lets you skip the line, if you're not a local you still have to pay cover. Oh well. It's like buying a ticket to see a DJ live anyway.Surrender Nightclub itself is beautiful. Large space with pools in the middle because it serves as a beach club during the day, however you are not allowed to swim at night. The indoor portion is comparable to the Mid in terms of size, but much more intense decorations. It is Las Vegas after all. The crowd is about what you'd expect, dressy and ready to party.  Their sound is phenomenal, great from almost any location in the entire club. Drinks are pricy but again, when in Rome...Overall a great time, would love to come back on my next trip out.
4	I went to Surrender on my last night in Vegas...a Wednesday. I was bit hesitant that I wasn't going to find something to do in the middle of the week, but my best friend (who is a local) found out from one of he former co-workers that this place is bumpin' and it was.We got to Encore and there was a bit of a line outside of the club. People were dressed to the nines like they were going out on a weekend (we definitely weren't in DC anymore, Toto!). The good thing was the line moved pretty quickly, about 15-20 minutes. Trust me, that is short since I have seen lines circle the hotel casino at other club nights that take at least an hour wait! Anyway, we get to the door and locals are free, but out-of-towners have to pay a $30 cover. Ouch, but we are in Vegas so we give the man our money. We enter the club into a crowded bar/dance floor area. The dance floor is small and surrounded by tables for table service, thus limiting the area for dancing. wah wah. But was still nice and the gogo girls that were dancing their a$$es off and were gorgeous! The piece de resistance is the outdoor area. It is the pool where they have their day party, turned nighttime area. A platform is put over part of the pool and there are many tables surrounding the pool area. It is gorgeous! The bathrooms were easlily accessible and clean and had an attendent, of course. There were even some tables that had their own private pools! And if you didn't feel like you were spending enough money already there were some table games to play on for those high rollers.The perfect lighting, the water, the night sky, and of course the people watching made for a great scene. It also looks like they get some top notch DJs that spin there. I can't recall the name of the DJ spinning that evening, but he was still good! Now that's what I want in a Vegas club!I am taking just 1/2 a star off for the small dance floor and another 1/2 star for pricey drinks and cover, but then again, it IS Vegas...
3	Went to surrender on a Wednesday in June 2012Its okay.....Mostly dudes in club, ratio was probably 70-30 men. Not alot  of hot girls....Surrender is a pool area for encore. It has a nice dance area and about 4 bars. drinks are expensive and taste average.Its okay.
5	My friends and I arrived in Vegas on a Saturday.  We put ourselves on Surrenders online guest list earlier in the day, but apparently you need to do that way in advance because when I called at 9:30 to confirm that we were on it, the girl did not see our names. She was VERY nice though and even though their guest list was closed for the evening, she put me though to a promoter named Andre, and we were able to get on the guest list for the night. We called him when we got to Surrender, and he met us right away and walked us in (No cover, yay!) This place was awesome! The patio was very cool looking, and we ended up staying outside all night. Lil John was DJ-ing, which seemed to draw a big crowd. Lots of fun, we'll be back!
5	+1 star for not having to wait in line. Came on a Saturday night and Lil Jon was the DJ. WHAT.... YEAH, the place was crackin. I know that everyones into the EDM music but I like a good mix of stuff.I'm faded, faded, faded, +1From the WINDOW to the WALL +1Blow the whistle +1Unz unz unz +1I liked it all. There was a solid ratio and as another review said "the crowd looked polished".  Getting drinks was fast and easy (just the way I like it) +1. The inside is super crowded and almost stupid. If you want to feel like cattle then this is your spot. But the real selling point is the outside on a nice summer night. The music is loud enough to hear, but not to loud to have a conversation. I think that I gave this place +6 total but who cares. We had great time and that's all that matters.
4	I went to Surrender on Saturday with a couple of friends on our Las Vegas Trip. Man was it fun! The club is huge and has a very very nice feel to it, unlike some of the users before, I think the ratio between men and women are fairly equal. like 55% men to 45% women. There were some hot honeys there! Cannot help but feel the energy of this place especially from the performers on the poles ;). There was one of them that had so much energy it was just so attractive I couldn't take my eyes of her.. Will. I. AM was DJ-ing for us when I came to visit, then there was another DJ that came by but I couldn't hear his name. Unlike some of the other clubs, like Cathouse in Excallibur, this club was actually fucken awesome! Great music! We also heard a preview of a new song from Usher. Too bad it's freakin expensive for us dudes, that includes the drinks too. T_T almost 2x more expensive than at the bars in LV, but w-t-hey, everything in LV is expensive.
5	I've been here a couple of times and have had great experiences. This last time we got a table here on a Friday night. Our table was right in the middle of the pool area, great location. I enjoy the outdoor scene, I feel like you actually have the space to move around and breath and you don't feel all sweaty like you do in a night club. I think XS and Surrender are both equally great. Great DJs, great music, and always a good time.
5	I went here for my friend's birthday on Saturday night, and it was better than I expected. Now I am not a nightclubber or a dancer, so to get me to a club takes a lot.... but my friend I decided to go. She had gotten a VIP bungalow with a private balcony overlooking Las Vegas Blvd and the entrance to the bungalow had seating right next to the Encore pool. Will-I-Am was dj'ing that night and the music was great. The atmosphere was charged with everyone having a great time dancing and socializing. The thing I love about this club is that it is outside poolside at one of best hotels in Vegas. Although I got in free, I'm sure it costs a decent amount for regular entrance.
4	I thought  the setting was gorgeous! Outside area surrounding the pool where u can take a break.  Not a lot of dance floor space and the sound system is not that great. I guess I'm  spoiled on function one ;) But the staff is SO nice and so friendly! Even when they were chastising me for wearing shades indoors they were nice about it. Not like those DICKS at marquee. I hate that place.  But I digress... beautiful girls dancing. Overall I loved surrender but it would be better with a bigger dance floor and maybe some louder music outside around the pool. But I had virtually no wait for drinks and even the patrons themselves of this club were awesome.  A classy place.
3	This place was ok. I think i fell asleep at one point. We didnt pay to get in, we were seated in a good location. Got free drinks all night. But i was getting annoyed by the douche bags. Maybe i'm just over the party scene. The music was okay. They played my favorite song in the world: TUNG!And then... i fell asleep somewhere. LOL. Its okay. I wouldnt want to come back.
4	Surrender was an awesome club!! Before I walked in, I was not expecting the awesomeness inside that came. I felt like I was stepping into an island. I love the stripper pole they have near the pool and wish there were more. My girlfriends and I had a blast and what was even more awesome was we got a chance to see lil Jon spin. The dj that went before him sucked and wish I could remember his name so I can avoid him at all cost. The music he played was techno-ish and SLOW. But Lil Jon made up for it.
1	the place smell so bad with smokers,we have to leave right away.
4	I LOVE this place! I go straight to the outdoor area where there is a good amount of seating space even if you don't have tables reserved. They also pull in good EDM DJs which is awesome. I like to bypass the crowd and purchase tickets prior to getting in. Expect a great ambiance, the ability to get some fresh air especially when it's blazing hot, and pretty relaxed. I will be back!!
5	Been here about five times now since it opened; and it's still an awesome club to visit.The cabana tables we had a while ago were beautiful; you're provided with your own private area with a hot tub in the front, a few tables inside, a bartender, host, and your own bottles. That was a really fun experience, and definitely worth the price if you can garner up a good group that's willing to pay for it!The entire place is huge and once in; the first thing that strikes you is the scenic pool setting. It's a great place to come during the summer nights (same rules as XS, don't jump in the pool!) and the drinks are quite awesome.Definitely not as packed and marketed as XS, Marquee, or the like; which for my group of buddies, is good! No lines, no hassle, and still an awesome atmosphere. Cover varies, once we paid $50, another $20 depending on what's going on.
5	Fun. Sexy. Wild. Expensive. Best time I've had in vegas in a loooong time!! :)
3	Had fun here, it was spacious, (same venue as encore beach club) roomy and outside. Music was good, crowd was fun, just a fun night.
3	I really like the idea of Surrender and some aspects of it, but at the end of the day (or night really) it was just ok. PROs:Free - The most important pro of all. We were able to get in for free with a promoter and had free lemonade thingys and a seat. BUT before we could get in, we had to wait for something like 300 people to arrive and they let us all in together. As we were walking in I heard someone say "here comes the ho train" which I thought was hilarious and probably true.Seats - God I love sitting down. Especially when in heels. There are lots of seats outside and I guess you can just sit anywhere because I don't think the tables are really assigned or paid for. But this also made me very territorial because I didn't want to lose MY seats to skanky bitches so I felt the need to vehemently guard my area.Outdoors - I can get kind of claustrophobic in most clubs and I hate hate hate it when sweaty people brush up against me. Since it's Vegas in July it was still pretty hot outside, but at least there was somewhat fresh air and more room to maneuver. I was just reeeaally tempted to try and push strangers in the pool though.CONs:Setup - Yes the outdoor area is cool, but I feel like the setup just wasn't that conducive to mingling. Like me, most people were lounging (or perhaps guarding??) on their seats with friends and not moving much. I guess having a lot of seating is nice for your feet, but doesn't promote socializing. There was a dance floor inside, but I don't think there was that much dancing going on outside. Music - Don't you hate it when you're like "oh I LOVE this song!" then the DJ changes it 2 second later? Well that happened all night long because the DJ only played like 2 seconds of every song. Maybe this was a way of getting around copy write royalties, I don't know, but it was hella annoying. I couldn't/didn't feel like dancing to anything they were playing.Oh well that's my long rambling review on Surrender. Probably better than most clubs, so come check it out.
4	I don't like clubs but I had a good time here. I was here for my boss' bachelor's party. I finally met some of my boss' associates with whom I had corresponded with extensively by email and had some good conversations in our private cabana.Each cabana had a private bathroom, which I found to be very convenient. I particularly enjoyed lying on the bed and looking up at the hotel. It was a nice view.A group of Indian guys strolled into our cabana and started offering drinks to women and acted like it was their private cabana, which I found amusing. I think my boss and his guys were too drunk too notice.Four stars for a good time. Minus one star cause I fell asleep and security woke me up. Multiple occasions.
5	Went here Jun '12. So in my nearly 25 year of life on this Earth, I've never partied in Vegas.  This place absolutely set the bar.My friend knew a promoter so we didn't pay to get in AND cut the line. Yes, we cut all the hot girls who actually bring the men in.  As a small group of dudes, that made me feel like a celebrity.Once I stepped into the club, the girl:guy ratio was ridiculous.  I'm talking 7:3.  Think of a Pitbull music video...great looking people getting insanely drunk.  That night was open bar for the ladies so let's just say that there was some extra wildness. Great music and a lot of fun people made for a great night.I go to buy a drink and this is how the conversation goes:Me-"Can I get 2 redbull vodkas?"Bartender--"Oh yeah sure that's $40"-"Oh no, I just wanted two, not 4"--"Uhh, yeah that's for two"-"Meh" *hands credit card*Absolutely worth it.
5	I was just here this past weekend and I LOVED IT!  Being in my late 20s and having lived in SoCal my whole life, I was never really into clubs and so, I had never really gone to a real club in Vegas.  I always had this perception that Vegas clubs was just long lines and crowded venues.  My friend had bought tickets prior to the event which was Battletrack: Hip Hop vs House I believe.  IT WAS AWESOME!  I was so pumped up when I was waiting in line nearing the entrance.  I could hear the music and see the lights, it was absolutely amazing when I walked out to the venue. I did a 360, looking from my left to my right and all the way around.  I just had to take it all in.  I loved how it was 85+ degrees outside, I definitely got a work out from all the dancing I was doing.  I have to say that I had never had that much fun dancing in my life.  The music was so good that I had to take off my 4 inch heels (which I set aside with my friends) in order to fully bust out my dance moves.There's tons of seating if you get tired from standing or dancing which is great, it's horrible when the only seats available are those with table service.  There was also a semi-covered area where the DJ was which was air-conditioned.  Although I definitely prefered being outdoors instead.  It gave me more of a carefree feeling and it didn't feel as crowded.  I remember that there were a ton of pretty girls...I didn't notice as much eye candy for myself....but i think it might have been because I was too preoccupied dancing by myself within my circle of friends.  I think this is a must try if you're in Vegas.  I have already told a bunch of my friends about it and I want to go back already! 3 blisters from dancing by the end of the night = A GREAT TIME!
5	Aaaaaaaaahh!!! I love this club!!!  I had never heard of this club until last year, came during the summer and had the best time. It's a outdoor club by the pool area,so it's open and looks really pretty at night time with all the lights and the pool lite up.They played mostly house and top 40's,  and the dancers are really cute and fun. Oh and the best part is they have a BIG bar so we didn't even have to wait long for drinks. Definitely be back again
1	BEWARE..we got a nice cabana on Jun 30, waitress came out bring us our bottle, pour us some drinks and we never saw her again..she asked if we want red bull and water we said yes..she brought out a 6pk.of each..we drank one red bull and 2waters..end of night, we have to track down a waitress after everyone is leaving at 4 30 am...They over charged us by almost $80 for the water and redbull...we informed them that only 1 redbull and 2 waters was used...they made us wait 20 mi to get manager...it was horrible..on top of that they tried to add the 20% tip on after they add tax to our bill...thanks god we were not wasted and caught all this...make sure they add your tip of 20% before tax othewise you will tip on the sale tax...very typical of night club in vegas...they will always try to cheat you on your tab especially when you have table service...they get away most of the time because you are too DRUNK by end of night to catch then..you will never EVER have this happen at TAOs or MARQUEE..That s why Tao been around forever...Learn to treat your customer right...mark my words, Surrender , XS, will go out of business and  change name in a few years just like all other clubs...
4	Surrender is a very nice club. It's always packed on the weekends whenever I go. The wait is usually not too long. If you can get on guest list then you can get in even faster. There are 2 downsides: One is the dance area is kind of small. Plenty of room outdoors by the pool area though. They have 3 bars so you don't have to wait long for a drink BUT the drinks are extremely weak. AMF is around $17+ tip, but it just tastes like sweet and sour mix. Hardly any alcohol for the price. I suggest going to a bar that has open bar and the cover charge is only like $20, then head over to Surrender. In the end, I really think Surrender is a decent club and has a great atmosphere.
1	no where to dance, the security pretty much pushed us into a corner and were really rude to the point that we left early.I'm not sure if this is typical of trendy type clubs but yeah.They kept assuming we wanted to be at this persons table when we were simply dancing near the table b/c there was no room.I will never go back to this place again.
4	Came on a Saturday, May 26, 2012.It was my first visit, and I have to say this place is really nice!  Get here early -- it's better to stand in line early at opening (then get a re-entry stamp that lets you enter effortlessly) than to show up at 11pm and stand in line for 2 hours...The patio is huge, and its very easy to talk to other people here.  The dance floor is a clusterfuck, so if someone is headlining (I saw Tiesto during this visit, and Lil Jon on a future visit), be prepared for some spillage if you're holding a drink.  And closed toe shoes, people.The bouncers were surprisingly nice.  When Tiesto was spinning, it got packed on the main dance floor, so they roped off the whole inside of the club... but the bouncer kindly let me through when I shrugged nicely "but it's just me."  Otherwise, you need a hand-stamp indicating you have a table inside to get through.Yes, the prices are high, but that's expected of one of the top clubs, esp with a major headliner.  I'm not a fan of Tiesto, but there are hundreds of thousands who are... and some of those fans are very cute indeed ;)I'm a big fan of this place, and that's why I took my friend's bachelor party here for a bottle in July as well.  Great club with beautiful, friendly people.Tip: Park your car at the rooftop of the Wynn parking lot.  Go early, get your handstamp, run back to your car to pre-game (this is after your pre-pre-game that took place in your hotel room), then re-enter the club like a pro.
5	EBC by day, Surrender at night!! Prior to this trip, I only been to Encore Beach Club but have never been to Surrender. And from now on, I think I will make it a point to come here every time.  I genuinely had a better time here then at xS on this past trip.We went here for Splash Thursdays which is a nighttime pool party. And it was PERFECT for the summer weather. xS is known to get insanely packed even for Sunday night swim so to have some freedom and be able to move around was good. Not taking anything away from the party, it still was a crazy time.The next night, I came back and they opened up the inside room. Nothing special about the decor in there but again, I love nightclubs that give you the option of being indoors or out.My only complaint..a Red Bull Vodka was $20!! Even by Vegas prices, that's on the high end! To sum it up, Surrender was a BLAST..the fun and classy venue that you expect from the clubs at Wynn/Encore. I think many people overlook it because of xS but remember, a hot girl usually has a hotter younger sister, and that's what Surrender is to xS!
3	Surrender Nightclub was my second official go at a Vegas nightclub.  The atmosphere, pretty nice size and good musical vibes made the place a pretty good recommendation for any club enthusiast.  However, if you do go, unless you're a.) a female or b.) connected, you should be aware of a few things that might put a hamper to your experience.  One of the biggest things to realize is that it's an outdoor beach club and it's a really good size.  There's a VIP area near the DJ, a middle area, a back casino area and some side areas that have some open pools (not allowed to swim at night of course).  There's a few bar areas, the largest being in the back. The second big thing to notice is that (at least the night I went), the actual area near the DJ with the go-go dancers and another bar was cut off to only the VIP.  I wasn't sure if this was always the case for every night but we went when Calvin Harris was playing.  Girls got to sneak in pretty easily but if you're a guy, expect to be pushed back without the VIP wristband.  Too bad.  Also, being an outdoor club on a hot summer night, don't expect it to be much cooler with no misters or any fans I could notice.  (But again, at least the music was good.)  Make sure to get your name on a guest list or have a connection too of course - luckily even though the line seemed pretty far, it went by fairly quickly.  Ironically, the best praise I have for the club is their security/reassurance.  I lost my credit card at the club and after retracing my steps and asking numerous security guards/bartenders if they've seen it, was about to give up and cancel it.  However, a nice bartender told me to call in the morning and lo and behold, they found it.  Kudos to the security for the miracle.  I'll make a second run at the club because it seems really cool but my first experience was a bit meh.
2	The only thing great about Surrender is the outdoor view of Encore Beach Club at night during the summer. Surrender is a tiny, noisy "music box" that EDM artists spin live just "because of the money", LOL!!! It's the out-of-control lil' sister to it's much mature & stable siblings XS & Tryst inside the Wynn/Encore Paradise! Security can be a bit ridiculous on suggesting places to dance, since the dance floor is limited & stand with a chick, since the bar is always packed with broke "bar flies". I'd much rather wait 'til the sun comes up, throw on some nice swim trunks & take a dip/chill in one of the several well-designed pools of the neighboring Encore Beach Club to erase my "Surrendered Nightmare" ;-)
4	Last time I went here Mike Posner did a surprise performance! Beautiful venue, pool patio, I believe there's multiple dance floors for different kinds of music. Drinks are expensive, but whats new. Had a great time. Will come again!
4	GOOD TIME, FREE DRINKS, & CALVIN HARRIS...need I say more?!?The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because on one night that we came here, 6 out of my group of 9 got kicked out. Some of them that got kicked out were not the clubs fault, others were, but regardless, 4 stars is still pretty amazing! VENUE: SUPER NICE! You can basically dance anywhere! There's the area near the dj booth inside, area near the dj booth on the outside, areas near the pool, near the cabanas upstairs... seriously, you can get your groove on anywhere you like it. The place is just sooooo pretty too, granted I'm not feeling the snakes, but other than that it's really nice!! MUSIC: BOMB!! Granted, ok, one of the times I came, CALVIN HARRIS WAS THERE AND I GOT TO SEE HIM FROM THE FRONT ROW OF THE CROWD RIGHT NEXT TO THE DJ BOOTH!! It was BOMB!! He was soooooo good and AMAZING. Probably one of the best nights I've had in Vegas. Super fun! Other times I've been there, without a dj, have also been really good. The djs here all know their stuff and play a good mix of hip-hop and house. I won't lie, I think I like the music here better than XS...just sayin....DRINKS: FREE DRINKS FOR GIRLS BEFORE 12!!! sometimes. One time I came here, it was free champagne for girls and that's when you know, you're going to have a WONDERFUL time at a club. Champagne wasn't that nasty cheap champage clubs usually serve, so it was pretty good. Drinks are also pretty strong and also really good, but the usual Vegas price: overpriced. I'd say this place is always somewhere you'll have a good time.OH, but be warned, it IS expensive to get in sometimes....so either get a promoter or do yourself a favor and get a pre-sale ticket because it WILL BE EXPENSIVE....especially if you're a guy.
3	Surrender nightclub is cool if your in to house music. The drink service at the bar is fairly good.
3	the decor is amazing. went here last night for the neon party. all in all it was a fun time. i love the concept of handing out shirts for party goers to wear, that was awesome.  But for the bartenders... no knowledge whatsoever. they were deliberately ignoring girls for the last 20 minutes of the open bar and were so unfriendly. i will defiantly return but only go if i get a day bed/table.
5	Simply put, this is what a Las Vegas club should be. - MASSIVE- Beautiful- VIP actually FEELS like VIP, the Cabana's were awesome- Great service, hosts were very attentive and friendly- Good Music (sort of, music kind of sucks these days, thank God for alcohol lol)- Enough room to actually move around, you don't have to be stuck in a sea of people with no where to go, even if you're not in VIPDefinitely one of the best times I've ever had at a night club in Vegas. Can't wait to go back.
4	Pros: It's half outdoor, half indoor. So there is air, you can breath, dance around, chill. Plenty of room. Great decor and sound system... over all had a blast and very very impressed.Cons: $8 for a water!!!! And if you want alcohol it's like $20 a drink. Expensive even for Vegas prices, so bring your checkbook.
4	Excellent Las Vegas night club without all the drama of getting into the other elite establishments, especially as a group of 4 guys.  Once inside I was blown away by the chic pool design and lighting that accentuated the place.  Clearly a hot spot during the day, but I'll only comment on the night club.  There are two stories of private cabana sweets for all the ballers who need to get their flex on.  For us mere mortals sans bottle service cabana style, you can still get bottle service in small table/couch areas, or simply enjoy the offerings at the long and ridiculously well stacked bars.  There is a semi-private "hangar" where the DJ features, apparently open to the well connected, young, female and sexy among us.  The night I visited non other than Lil John was spinning on the 1's and 2's.  To the window, to the wall... the place was jumping complete with larger than life HD screens showing the accompanying videos!  Lots of talent on display without much fuss.  Just grab a drink, sling on your liquid courage and prepare to have an awesome time!
4	Surrender is definitely one of my favorite clubs to go to in Vegas. Although, not number one, it holds a top 3 in my book. Located in Encore, it's easily enough to find since there are so many signs that will point you in what direction to go to. Get in line early or you'll regret it. Pre-sale tickets for ladies cost $30 a pop, while gentlemen must pay $50 I believe. Even with pre-sales, def go and wait early. Trust. Dress code is the same as it is every where else - dress to impress. Surrender has a pretty nice design. You can go in and out of the main room they have, which has a lot of small tables and stuff for bottle service, along with a pretty big bar, as well as the outdoor area, near the pool and gambling area. Heads up, there are tiny pathways to get from one side of the pool to the other - just be careful when you're walking around this area because I've seen drunk beezies fall in. The outside area has a lot of tables too for bottle service. Don't fret - there's a couple bars in the outside area too. Speaking of bars, drinks are the usual Vegas prices. Depending on who you get, the drinks can be a hit or miss.One of the things I love about Surrender is the open layout they have. There's plenty of room to roam around. However, if you go into the main room where the dance floor is and where they moved the DJ stage to, it CAN get packed. I prefer to dance in the area right before you get to the main room. It's outside and definitely has more room to move around. Although, in the winter time, they sort of cover the outside part just outside of the main room up with like a pop up tent and add heaters.The music is more house/trance I guess. Not too bad. They do get big names that perform here though. Definitely check ahead to see who's playing. The crowd is pretty diverse. You'll get a tons of different people here. It's definitely worth checking out if you're looking for a club to party at on your Vegas trip.
5	$18+ for a drink in a plastic cup but they make it strong.  A really unique place in Vegas for look and feel.  Recommend.
5	This is my new favorite club in Vegas. I live in SD and come out to Vegas a few times a year, and until this past trip I usually would just do Marquee and XS (& sometimes 1OAK if n the mood for hip hop). This trip I ended up at Surrender to see Calvin Harris and I was shocked how much better this club is than the others! XS is almost all women (and beautiful ones at that) -- the ratios are WAY OFF for whatever reason and it's been getting worse with each visit. While this may be a turn on for men, it's not my idea of a good time. And while I like Marquee, the layout is very choppy and confusing --i'm more of a fan of large open spaces.Surrender had a great crowd -- friendly people and a pretty equal male/female ratio. People were friendlier here than at most clubs. The layout is great -- lots of space cool nooks and the dance floor is big. There's also a red lighting situation here that is sexy. The music (before the main event) was good too, not all house, there was some mix in of pop, hip/hop songs. Highly recommended!!TIP: If you're a girl with a group of all females you can get in free. Find a promoter (or find one who works at another club and ask them if they know someone at surrender) and get on the list. The catch is that you have to arrive before 10:30, but you get right in and it's free.
4	It was a great experience partying outdoor!!We arrived at 11:00, my friend booked one of the bungalows.  It was totally awesome!!  You get your little suit with a balcony, TV, couches, and your own restroom (didn't have to go far).  And stepping outside is a Little cabana, you can lounge there as well.. although it was a little wet due to the day pool party.  We also have a little pool about 3'-5' deep.  And yes we dipped our feet in there. Had a blast!!
4	First time partying outdoors!  The club was beautiful.  Definitely appreciated the seats that were for free compared to the other clubs we were at in Vegas.  We went there for their splash dance thursday that was alright.  The crowd was more relax and it was more of a chill and drink kind of night.  The dance floor was really small which I think they should make it a little larger with all the room they got there.  We enjoyed the free drinks until midnight for ladies.  We actually left to try out another club after 2am because we wanted to party and it just felt a little to laid back for us.  Still an awesome club, I would like to go back on a Friday or Saturday to see how the vibe is.
5	So I spent the night before my 30th birthday at Surrender's nighttime pool party. Odd thing about this place is that we asked several people in Vegas about it and everyone kept telling us that there was no such thing. A friend told me that the night pool party was only on Thursdays, so we ventured over to Encore to see what we could find. Well, we found it and it did not disappoint!This was my first time at a Vegas pool party and my friends and I had so much fun! The music was great, we got in free, and we got a free drink. I guess a draw back would be that the two guys we were with had to pay $30, but 8 girls got in for free (I wasn't the one complaining). We spent hours dancing in the pool, which is perfect considering Vegas in August was 90+ degrees at night. My sister and I finished off our evening dancing around the pool in a conga line. Great way to bring on my 30's! I plan on coming back here for sure.
2	Hit up Surrender to see Calvin Harris LDW. Personally I think the venue was a bit too small for him. The inside section was over crowded and people were pushing. Just seemed way too much. The space itself is average inside. The outdoor section is massive but you can't see the DJ if you're outside. Spent most of my time here vying for space and waiting for Harris. Not even enough space to dance on the dancefloor. Bummer. Probably won't go back, there are better venues.
4	This club is very roomy and beautiful!! Use a promoter and get in for free! No girl should pay to get into a club in Vegas. Encore and Wynn know how to do clubs right!! The indoor area is smaller and has a decent sized dance floor. Outside is huge with lots of open and FREE seating. Decor is upscale and beautiful! There is a gorgeous gold/crystal dragon that drapes across the whole back wall at the bar. There is a beautiful pool and did not realize how big the club was until I walked around! There is a whole other building to the club!! There's another building where they have tables for gambling and more seating under tents. Outside is more quite, where you can actually sit down and talk without shouting. People dance all around outside, poolside, girls take their heels off, there are BEDS that you can lay on and nap for free!! I prefer the outdoor section. You can still hear the music but it's more relaxing and chill, and less crowded then the inside area. The only downfall to this club was that there was ONE female bathroom with THREE stalls!! Who puts 3 stalls in a woman's bathroom in a club?!? If you don't go to the bathroom early enough, there will be a LONG line of girls waiting to pee. I have to deduct a star for having so few bathrooms... and it's something I have to consider if I want to come back to the club...
5	This review for Surrender will have some tips AND what made the club experience an incredible experience!The first part was preparing.  You prepare before you go, you will more likely have a better time at the club.  I contacted a representative named Josh who put us on the guest list for a Saturday night.  We showed up early, then the ladies got in for free while I had to pay the $40 cover charge.  No problem.The second part was the experience itself.  The most rewarding part of this club was the space and the partial outdoor venue.  There is nothing better than being able to breathe at a club.  Prices for drinks were expensive obviously so I highly recommend drinking a little something before arriving.  BUT, occasionaly you might find someone at the club walking around with shots that you can purchase for a dollar.  Buy a round of those for your friends and you'll have good times!Overall, HIGHLY recommend this club.  Just play your cards right, hit up a promoter (you can try Josh at 516 902 4484), and have CASH on you wherever you go.  It will save you a lot of grief!
4	Hmmn... if there were more people on the night I came, I probably would have given this place 5 stars. The place itself is awesome. The scenery looks like it would be pretty amazing for a day pool party! Even at night the place glows. The pools are closed off though so no night swimming allowed. Surrender even puts a pool deck on over the pool to promote more people to dance and allows for VIP service. The night I went, it was pretty much house music featuring Diplo? Whoever the hell that is... whatever he played house music. I mean I am a much bigger fan of hip hop music, so the night was kind of ehhh. There wasn't THAT many people here so it was honestly difficult getting free drinks. The dance floor is small but since the place is so big, the dancing extends even to the outdoors. This place was super nice but felt so uneventful for me and my friends. I felt like we were sitting down by the pool than getting drunk.... Oh well maybe next time it will be more fun? I defs liked XS much much much better.
5	Free champagne and Steve Aoki! SO FUN not crazy crazy crowded (went on a Friday) and just an all around fantastic time...I would definitely definitely go back.
5	I am a huge advocate for the establishments within the Wynn or Encore. They sure know how to throw a party and Surrender lives up to the other clubs in both of these conjoining hotel casinos. Walking into Surrender, you are immediately greeted by the large swimming pool with bars. There is also an indoor stage area where we saw R3hab perform. During our most recent trip to Vegas, my group and I went to Surrender 2x during the weekend- that's how much we like it here! I'm sure you will too.Although my experience with clubs/ guest star DJ go... I still prefer a regular club night because it's easier to move around. When I go see a DJ spin or perform, I want to have some view of the stage. It was a tad more crowded the night of the performance, but we still had a great time at Surrender our second night there.  Similar to XS, which is also in Wynn/ Encore, it has a slightly more casual feel to the club. This is more like a high end beach/pool club with really good music. Just a little warning: Unless you are in bathing suits, do not think about dancing/ swimming in the pool. I know the water is really nice, and it seems like a good idea at the time... but it really isn't, because the man in a orange polo will jump in with you to come over and tell you otherwise. My friends and I learned the hard way. Oops! Whatever happens in Vegas... stays in Vegas? Right? If you really want to do the night swims, check online to see which nights that's available...
4	Surrender is a world class club. Everyone that comes in is impressed. There is a big outdoor pool area. I went there four nights. Even on a Wednesday, the club was full. Saturday night, it seemed no fuller than on a Wednesday night. They must cap the amount of people they let in.We had cabanas. They are amazingly cool. They came with a private bathroom, shower, and towels. Talk about a secret location for naughty things. There was also a Jacuzzi for us. There was a balcony that extended out to the strip. It's kind of fun yelling down at people and have them wave back.The staff changes their uniforms each day. Saturday was the most fun uniform, I thought. Everyone looked like super sexy flight attendants. Wednesday was the most skimpy uniform. Tussles were too short to cover the butt.The club is rather tame. I think that people come to experience Las Vegas wild. However, the bouncers swoop in very quickly, when a girl shows a little panties or is dancing too wild. A guy jumped into the swimming pool. The bouncers were immediately there to fish him out. It's very sanitized Las Vegas wild.They had various talent that got people super excited. However, there was little dancing on the dance floor. It was mostly people standing around. There was more dancing spontaneously outside by people that got bit by the dancing bug.The restroom is super attended. There were three gentlemen in sharp suits helping me to paper towels and turning on the faucet for me.One plus for the club is that they let you sit on unoccupied mattresses and tables. Usually clubs will quickly force you away from any seating opportunity that you didn't pay for.If you are looking for girls, they are friendly in the beginning of the night. Toward the end, they seem kind of tired of constant approaches. However, right outside the club is a higher concentration of hotties coming and going. So, when things wind down in the club, don't feel bad, go outside and start the party there.
5	This place is currently my favorite nightclub to hang at in Vegas. Wednesday nights are simply insane. They book some of the best DJs in the world here and the ambience is sick.
4	Came in on a Saturday night at 10: 15 ish, wait was short about 10 - 15 minutes, basically everyone was on the guest list..Cover charge was $20 for a guy if they came with a girl, and girls were free. Cover charges all vary though. It was open bar that night from 11pm - 12 am,!!! Free champagne, vodka cranberry, and vodka pineapple. yummy The dance floor was so small, I wish it was  larger, because more than 50% of the room was reserved for table service.  Plus I feel awkward dancing when everyone in the table service seems to be 40 or 50 and are just watching you. The outside area ( Encore Beach Club )  is so nice!! Too bad it is closed until the weather starts becoming warmer again.   I definitely want to come here again in the summer!! There are stripper poles and stuff where you can take pictures too. P.S. I almost got kicked out for dancing too naughty, I don't even think I was dancing that bad, but don't get too freaky out there LOLOL or they will kick you out. P.S. They also have a gambling area in the club, $25 minimum for blackjack though..
4	Here is a secret tip to have a great time at Surrender: Search for @SurrenderVegas on twitter early in the day before the show you want to attend. Look for promoters with guest lists and send them a text message. Be nice and they'll hook you up! You'll save money AND time by taking a few minutes to plan.We originally wanted to go to XS, but it was dead, and heard Calvin Harris was playing here, so we quickly walked over and texted our original promoter dude who quickly got us onto his list at Surrender.This club is massive inside! You walk in through the main area where the DJs play and then come out into the Encore Beach Club which is now set up for nighttime activities. We spent a lot of the night watching to see if anyone would accidentally fall in the pool, but sadly it never happened. Drinks will set you back about $15, but that's standard for places like this in Vegas.What I like about this place is that it's so large you can move around pretty easily and get away from the crowds of people when you want to. The dance floor itself is relatively small (though not as small as Marquee) and is surrounded by VIP tables that open onto the floor. You'll see bouncers with their only job being to protect the VIP tables from dancers.Calvin Harris played an amazing set from start to finish. He really made the experience so great.Surrender is now on my list of clubs to return to the next time I am in Vegas!
4	Short Review:-Free for locals on Wednesday-Mixed bag here: I like the decor and the music, but to me it's basically XS's baby sister.-The day club is nice, I like the size of the pools and the cabanas are pretty chill.It really depends on you which club to choose, it's either this or XS since they're so close to each other.
3	It's a cute place to be all drunk, but there are better clubs on the strip.
3	Went here a few weeks ago during our stay and on a Friday night it was OK. We got walked in and free drink tickets but the crowd just wasn't cracking that night. Bartender was nice though but the gambling area didn't have much energy. We got invited to the cabanas and the bartender there was very sweet. Music was OK...but they played the Micky Avalon "My Dick" song LOL!
4	This was the one club I went to for my first time in Vegas. I was in awe when I walked in. To see the setup how it just opens up to the elements and has no roof out by the pool area. It was simply amazing. A group of 8 of us got a table here on a Saturday night. The place is huge with plenty of women and great music. I would definitely go back next time I'm there.
5	If you ever go here, you'll be more happy than MARQUEE.PROS:-There are PLENTY of space to DANCE. -Unlike MARQUEE, we had plenty of space and to sit.- FREE DRINKS FOR GIRLS IN PEAK HOURS 11-12AM.For the girls that don't enjoy being in their heels and need some rest time to time, this is YOUR place. The music is loud and they do have a main stage which is by the entrance. The only entrance is through the main stage which is extremely small. Oh, the restroom is also next to it, so you can look extra pretty to get your extra makeup washed off by your sweat. The main stage gets packed early so get your groove on and stay in there!I have to admit, the security guards are extra careful. My boyfriend and I were standing by the dancers and being a girl, you MUST have your essential needs in cross-over purses: lipstick, powder, Identification card, money, cellphone, and camera. The security was nice enough to whisper in his ear to tell me to hold onto my cross-over purse for pick-pockets. This was the FIRST  time I had experienced such GREAT service from the security guards.I would definitely come back for their free drinks. Oh, try to get onto the guest list for their 2:1 ratio.
4	Came here with a group of 20+ to see Morgan Page on 11/30/12.Arrival: Got to the club around 11pm. Getting to the club was simple, took only around 15 minutes from the car to the lines (and that included a bit of pre-gaming)! Entry: Got my entire group on a guestlist with a 1:1 (guy/girl) comp until midnight. Sign up on their website and you will get a text back if you have been put on. The entry line was confusing as hell, with at least 4 different lines (staff, promoter, general, VIP). There was an open bar for ladies from 11-12 so things were a bit rushed. This came back to bite me in the ass as I made the mistake of leaving my guestlist line for the shorter staff entry line. Members of my group were with this female staff member who said could get us all free in even though our guy:girl ratio had more guys. I spoke with her personally to make sure of it before I left my line. Well...SHE LIED! The bouncers upfront simply took the first equal ratio of guys:girls, leaving me and another guy stuck paying $40 entry. My girlfriend was not pleased with the fact that one of my other group members (who came stag) got in for free and I didn't. Whatever, lesson learned. Don't rush in. Don't be tempted by an open bar or a shorter line. Stick with guestlist if you're approved. Make sure your group ratio is even or favors girls. Don't listen to otherwise!Club Layout: The club itself is very nice. Not quite as grand or spacious as XS next door, but a beautiful venue nonetheless. Main dance floor is average sized. It was spacious enough so that we didn't feel like canned sardines and had adequate room to dance. There are no stairs or steps to climb, a la Marquee, so ladies will appreciate this. The main room is flanked by a large tent-like area and the outdoor wading pool/patio area. The easiest accessible restrooms are outside as well (the indoor one gets crowded). The outdoor area is ideal for those who want to socialize more, take pictures, take a breather, etc. It's beautiful.Bar: The indoor bar layout is terrible. There was maybe 10 feet between the bar and the backs of the booths for those who got tables. This 10 feet also serves as the main walkway to get to the tent and outdoor area. Not so surprisingly, there is a lot of pushing, bouncers shining lights and telling you to move, and it worst of all: it takes forever to get a drink! I said before to not by tempted by an open bar for ladies and here's why: this is the only bar ladies can get free drinks from! On top of that, ladies can only get one drink at a time! So ladies, if you planned to be here for an hour and get drunk or pass drinks to the guys, you'll be disappointed.The outdoor bar nudged in between the tent/outdoor area is empty and stress-free compared to the one inside, so I would recommend buying drinks from here. Drinks were typical Vegas prices so expect in the neighborhood of $15 per.Overall, I had a great experience at Surrender. The club was beautiful, my group had a blast, and Morgan Page (and his opener) rocked it! Learn from my mistake, stay away from the indoor bar, and come with great people and you will have one memorable night! 4/5.
5	Surrender was the spot for our after wedding and dinner festivities.  We worked with Madi Stratton.  I can not tell you how much I love her.  She's great at her job and was so helpful from the get go.   We also considered XS and Tryst but the staff is awful (on some power trip) and they are not willing to commit to table reservations prior to two weeks before the date.  We got a couple of couches right in front of the pool.  We had approximately 20-25 people that we paid for bottle service for.  It was pricey but I would do it all over again.  Madi also made sure that we had her favorite servers for the night assigned to our party.  They were fantastic.  No one had an empty drink all night.   Bottles are expensive here but what do you expect?  It's Vegas, and in one of the nicest spots on the strip.  The club is beautiful and spacious outside.  The club space inside is tiny and a complete shit show.  I can't wait to come back!
5	Hands down one of my favorite spots whenever I come to Vegas! The club is gorgeous and I love the quality of people I get here. I've been pretty much everywhere and it's really not hard to get in for me and my girlfriends. This is THE place to be. Many people rave about Marquee but I have never really had a good time at that club except once a month when they have Party Rock Mondays with Red Foo from LMFAO...other than that it's not my fav. Surrender has the best looking tables and it's huge. Big fan :)
4	I took advantage of the Wednesdays Locals and Industry Night to come inside. Immediately, I realized that this place is basically the same thing as the Encore Beach Club. Only its at night. And during December, everybody is cold because of their suits and skanky clothes, and therefore, we would all crowd inside the bar sections. Half of the club is indoors, the other half is what remains of the Encore Beach Club. There are card tables inside too, so it resembles the Moon & Playboy Club at the Palms. Only this time, you got a pool!Not bad, drink prices are average ($10 beers). Really, I don't know what to say. I did experience everything the Encore Casino has to offer except the shows, and Surrender is a experience that I am too familiar with. Unless you are a tourist that happens to be reading this on a Wednesday. You should better come into Surrender instead, because all the other clubs will be empty.
5	Fun
3	Considering it was the weekend before x-mas, I expected the Club attendance to be pretty low, surprisingly it was still packed, or the whole indoors was at least. The outdoors, not so much. I hit up Surrender with a party of five and were able to get the dudes in for free too. The music was EDM which I absolutely love, but if you're strictly a hip-hop head, then you probably wouldn't be down for Surrender. Towards the end of the night, two djs vibed off of each other and one played Hip Hop while the other played EDM, that was pretty sick, but too bad that went on for about 30-45 minutes only.Because Surrender is an outdoors club, they had to create a psuedo indoor area. I would say they did a good job, however it would get crazy hot inside. The drinks were overpriced, but expect that. Overall, still very enjoyable.Spent: $Free.99
3	It's a club. It's pretty big and nice.Just two complaints: 1. when we first arrived (fairly early because we weren't on any lists and really wanted to see Skillrex!) the place smelled like the red line in Chicago. Aka it smelled like piss. No idea if this is the normal smell or what? The smell disappeared (or we got used to it) after a few hours.2. Since the place is the Encore Beach Club at night, it's probably really awesome in the spring/summer but in December, it was freezing everywhere! There were a ton of heat lamps outside, but they weren't very warm. People in coats = not a good club look!Still had a great time :)
5	Such a gorgeous club!!! My friend from Vegas brought me here and it's beautiful. I rave about this place to everyone that goes to Vegas. I was only out by the pool area, but it was so roomy and was able to sit on one of the chairs surrounding the pool without any problems. Not sure how expensive drinks are here (didn't pay), but I'm sure it's like any other club you go to (overpriced).If you're looking for a clean large pool club, this is definately your go to place!
5	Got table service at Surrender to see Skrillex. Our host Brandy was awesome and walked us right in with no waiting and no fighting the crowds. Servers and security were very attentive to whatever we needed. Good mix of fun people and the layout was good for mingling with all the cool people. We dropped $4K and had a blast!!! Highly recommend Surrender!!! Can't wait to go back when it's warm for a pool party.
2	Bottle service (in a cabana far away from the dance floor) and 10 minutes in, a couple of crazy girls get in a fight right next to our table and start throwing cranberry juice. Suddenly we're drenched and stained in some girls cranberry flavored drama. We tipped the waitress and walked out.
1	Came here on a Friday night with 3 of my girls. I had a hook up get us in with some open bar perks. Lil John was there that night so we were excited. This club was way too small to accommodate the people in it. When we arrived, we didn't have a lot of time to get free open bar, so we decided to get on it ASAP. Because the club was so crowded, the security men weren't even letting people get in line around the bar area!! It was ridiculous. After waiting over 30 mins to get to the bar, the bartenders were total assholes. I always tip even if it's open bar, but they were obviously bitter about the crowds. All of the music played while we were here was house which was another ehh. One of my gfs said she was getting charged $22 for the same drink I was paying $15 for at a different bar in the same club. Looking at the high reviews from the other people here, it was obviously an off-night for Surrender, and I can understand that. There were enough inexcusable inconveniences that night to keep me from ever coming back here. NEXT!
4	Four stars, mainly because of the deal we got.We came here on a Friday night (a few days before Christmas). We actually came because a promoter offered us free drinks, table service, and of course entry.We had a lot of fun, some people lost their tables though when others actually bought a table.  I think the place was filled mainly because they offered the same deal to so many groups of ladies to get the place filled. I thought the drinks barely tasted like alcohol, but hey, I might drink a little more than others do. We also received wristbands that allowed us to get free drinks (vodka and champagne only) at the bar. The bar area was packed with people trying to get drinks by 11.The dancefloor is pretty small, but it wasn't too crowded. I thought overall it was great time, minus the fight that ensued and one of my girls getting punched in the face. The bouncer who helped her was really nice about everything and even asked if she needed ice, wanted to press charges, etc.Overall I would like to come back and check this place out on a busier weekend.
3	"What do you mean I can't get in the pool? This is bullshit." It was on ok club. Too many rules. There are no rules in Vegas. I didn't come all this way to be told "no" But really. It's just ok. I wouldn't go out of my way to come back.
3	Can be real cheesy but it gets it's job done if your motivation is to party.  It's nice because there is plenty of space here than most clubs in Las Vegas.
4	the cutest night club i ever been, though i have been to less than 10 of them,lol
5	I always have soooo much fun when I'm here! My boyfriend knows one of the promoters so this is THE club we're always at whenever we're in Vegas. The line to get in is never really that long when I'm here. But then again, being on the guest list has its perks! The venus is absolutely gorgeous! It's an outdoor club and I love the whole pool thing they have going on in the middle - it's so pretty! During the summer, they use it as a day club - Encore Beach Club. I've only been once but it's amazing! At night, people can come dressed up in club attire or in their bathing suits. In the winter, they close the pool area and put a huge tent-like roof over it so it seems more indoory and to keep it warmer. It does make the whole place more crowded because they don't use up the entire area, but it's still great!I love how Surrender ALWAYS takes care of their girls - free champagne and vodka! They also have a gambling area by the back bar. I love how my boyfriend is able to have fun gambling while I enjoy the drinks and the DJ. And the music... AMAZING! I absolutely love partying here!
3	Can't really dance to EDM so I didn't enjoy going here as much as other nightclubs. I'm not saying the club itself wasn't good, but just for personal preferences this place didn't click with me. First of all, I got confused by their multiple lines. Thank god I was with a friend who knew a promoter to smooth things out for us. Some say this place is small, some say it's quite spacious. Either way to me, it still gets crowded no matter what. Maybe I should re-visit during the warmer weather. My friend said she loved this place as a beach club. The one thing I appreciated the most was the ample seating area by the pool. At other nightclubs, if you're not VIP, it's quite difficult to find a place to sit and rest while your heels are killing your feet. I almost fell asleep on the spacious loungy couches they had outside. They were big enough to fit five people (maybe more). If I'm not mistaken, they have three separate bar areas around the club, which is nice since the one next to the main floor gets real crowded and drinks get spilled on you, which I hate. Not to be judgmental but I felt like people here were a little bit rude. It's almost impossible to squeeze through the crowd without getting hurt in some way. Lavo gets SO packed but I never had a bad experience passing through the floor at all. *shrugs* I'll come back again but this won't be my favorite.
4	Came here on a Saturday night and it was crackin!! Design was great and filled with gorgeous women. Came here during a time when the pool wasnt open but the scene was awesome none the less. Bottles are a bit expensive but for a group of 10 guys, it was expected. We just didnt expect to buy 4 more bottles AFTER we destroyed 2 already! hey what can we say, nothing to complain about when there's gorgeous women and tons of alcohol? Perfect night. Music was all house so not really my cup of tea but I heard they play hiphop on some nights? Blah just my luck.ONLY negative thing about it is that one of our party member got a bit drunk and started dozing off in OUR section but security asked/escorted him to leave. Protocol but damn seriously? We just spent almost 6K here. But totally understandable and overall the night was a success. Oh if you are to ever get a table, Andrei hooked it up and got a couple of our girls in for free with no wait when they came late.
5	MY NEW FAVORITE SPOT IN VEGAS! Came here Friday 1/25/3013 Nervo was guest Dj that night. Arrived here around 11:30 pm line was not the long, went in free so cool with me!! I'm guessing they play top 40 and hip hop before the guest DJ comes out at 1:30 which is fine with me you get a good mix of both! -Drinks are regular Vegas prices! -Dance floor is tight but I could manage. This is my new EDM spot in Vegas. I can't wait to come back when they open up the beach club area in the Spring!If you love EDM stick to XS, SURRENDER, MARQUEE, and HAZE as far as I know.
3	The place has a cool atmosphere and people are generally nice but beware of the incredibly slippy tile floors - not even kidding. Also, the area with the DJ is far too small so don't expect to stay on the dance floor unless you want to feel like a sardine
4	One of the top 3 clubs of Las Vegas!!!.. A very beautiful and upscale club which is exactly what you would expect from The Encore. Love how they have both an awesome indoor AND outdoor area for party goers. The outdoor area is also known as Encore Beach Club during the summer days. PARK IN THE GARAGE TO THE RIGHT OF EBC so you don't have to walk all through the casino in your heels and hoochimama outfit~I got a comped cabana here with bottle service for my birthday and the cocktail servers were nice.. They didn't really socialize with us and I think they only made 1 round of drinks for us but they were friendly haha that night we met a VIP Host named Edwin Flowers,he was very helpful and polite so contact him if you ever need anything!OH I just remembered.. One of the bouncers out by the lines was SO rude! we had been waiting in line for a good 30 minutes and then some other bouncer told us to move to another line so we moved only to find that was the WRONG LINE. So we went back to where we were standing and the bouncer who clearly saw us standing there before was such an ass and told us we needed to go to the back of the line UGHHH.. lack of communication on their part and he was just plain RUDE! Fellow yelpers, Mandi L & Jenny D., told his ass we would YELP him!! too bad we got too drunk and forgot his name HAHAHA Anyways, besides the rude security dude.. Surrender Nightclub is pretty awesome ;]]]HOT TIP: Make sure to stop by and say hello to that cutie Asian bartender with a mohawk AKA Mike C. ~!!! He makes the best drinks!
5	My favorite club in the whole world as of today. I'm not much of a clubber but this place is like a dream. It's so huge and spacious. Fresh air to go with your drink and your 2 step. It was my first experience with the whole fist pumping scene. Felt like Jersey Shore up in here. There was this one cute persian girl I was dancing with and I had no idea how to dance to this music so we kept staring at each other just fist pumping for about 20 minutes.
4	been here twice and both times had a memorable (fuzzy) but still memorable time! this smaller club here at Encore is pretty poppin' so don't think because XS is more popular that this place is dead. the lines to get in here is ridiculous with multiple lines for guest-list, vip, general...blah blah. you just end up standing at whichever line the bouncers and promoters direct you to anyway. we arrived at 11PM on saturday night, got in line, luckily we were on the guest list and got in right away, no cover for both guys and girls. get to know promoters out there, you'll get in. girls got braceletes for open bar which ends at midnight so as soon as we got in, we went straight to the back bar where they serve the free drinks.naturally with just one bar with 3 bartenders serving a gazillion girls, you really have to push your way through and get your order in. girls, dont bat your eyelashes at the bartenders expecting faster service than the rest of the other girls because honestly, all the girls are just as sexy as you are. this IS vegas, after all. but once you get your order in, give some tip and you're good to go the rest of the evening. we took advantage of the free drinks as much as we could before it ended and once it did, we went straight to the dance floor and danced the night away.the dance floor was super crowded, naturally. but luckily there were no altercations amongst all the drunk party goers. everyone had a great time, the music was good and once the buzz wore off and we were tired in our heels, we left the club with yet another great evening in the books.
3	Came here for the first time on Friday as part of a Bachelorette party package. We got in for free and just had to wait in the guest list line which only took 10-15 minutes. This place was loud and poppin! Even though there is a big dance floor in the middle, it is still pretty crowded as you make your way through the club. Once you get to the back, there is a whole open and tented place to stand around, drink, and talk (this is also a bit quieter and further away from the DJ). Only one part of the pool area was open (I'm assuming since pool season hasn't started yet), but it was nice to get outside and sit down for a little bit (we just sat on and shared a cement planter). $15 for a vodka cranberry but it was a bit stronger. Security is a little bit too harsh here, so watch out for that. There are a couple of scantily clad women on stripper poles and one of them brought our bachelorette up to pose for a picture (which was unfortunately cut short by security). If you love to be in the middle of crowded and loud clubs, then this is the place for you.
5	The best way to start any Vegas trip is Surrender on Friday.  For some reason, all the good looking girls are always here on Friday's!  If you're a guy, that's all you needed to know.  As always though, buy presale so you don't have to deal with too much door drama.It can get pretty damn cold during the Winter months, but they put up some "greenhouse" kind of structure over the center portion of the pool that will keep you warm.  You can still pretty much go around the whole club, it's just cold.
4	Seriously I don't remember much this may be one of my vaguest reviews yet, can't blame me I was in Vegas for a reason as most are :)Me and my girls got in super fast, free, with no problems. Complimentary table, and bottle service/drinks all night. I do remember a stripper pole in the outside area, Jacuzzi, and cabanas. I had a blast and have the pictures that will never see the light of day to prove it. Well done Vegas ...well done!
4	I went to Surrender on a Saturday night.  It was crowded and a long line, but no for bottle service.  Ordered 4 bottles and was given a table next to the DJ.  WOW!!!   What a view of the total party and this awsome looking club.You can walk tot he back and out onto the pool, where there is more music and partying.  If you are coming to Vegas and reading this review wondering if it is a place for you and friends to party/dance/people watch and have a VEGAS club experience... Answer is "YES"    VEGAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I'll start this review off by staying that I hate clubs and always thought they were ridiculous - Surrender completely changed that.  I decided to go out for my 30th birthday and had one of the best nights of my life.  The club is stunning both inside and out, the music was killer (Knife Party), and most importantly there was a lot of good looking people having a blast.  The only thing that I semi had a problem with was the differences in drink prices - I ordered the same thing multiple times and each time it was a different price...Other than that, I will be back and I highly recommend people to go!  (We went on a Thursday) On a side note (I thought it was absolutely hilarious) when we were waiting to get into the club the bouncer was coming around checking IDs.  The guy behind me tried to use a fake ID and argue with the bouncer that it was real.  The bouncer proceeds to get another ID from the same state and shows him how his is fake - tells him "nice try".  After being nice and giving him the fake ID back the guy tries to pay him off so he could get in the club and the bouncer straight out says "now your trying to bribe me? I could have you arrested for that" and calls security on him.  Point of the story, don't try a fake ID here!  (Also t-shirts and tennis shoes will get you removed from the line)
5	Surrender is one of the best clubs I've ever been to. There's like a million dance floors, always ends up being open bar somewhere or the other (or free champagne for girls) and it's so incredibly spacious that it's never too crowded. It's a lot of walking but I honestly think it's worth it because there's a lot to see and each area of the club is a greattttt time. Every time I come to Vegas I find myself at Surrender. The one huge indoor dance floor gets REALLY crowded and there will be douches that push little girls like me around. But there is always a solution to that problem, stick your gum in their hair and run away. Note to drunk girls -- don't lie on the counter in the bathroom with your purse open. Everything WILL fall out, and you WILL NOT notice, and you WILL lose your ID. And then find it 10 minutes later because the cleaning lady is an angel. Another note -- do not go to the cabanas to pee because security WILL incessantly knock on your door yelling for you to come out or else they will kick you out. Those are private, $10,000 bathrooms and they will make sure you don't forget that. Go find a normal bathroom and save yourself the humiliation.
4	Celebrated the eve of my birthday here on August 8, 2012. Initially, we wanted to celebrate it at Marquee, but decided to let whichever place was best on that particular day and whoever was playing be the deciding factor. Surrender was the only one who had anyone we recognized - Sultan & Ned - playing on a Wednesday night. We had bottle service and arrived around 11:45pm. Upon arriving, we were upgraded to a private cabana with a balcony facing Las Vegas Blvd. While Surrender may not be the shiniest most newest club in Vegas, it is still a lot of fun - especially when you've got your own cabana. I thought that the heat would've been an issue in the middle of August with Surrender being open air, but fortunately I didn't even really notice it. (The heat makes me very cranky.)I was, however, surprised by the lack of service and security guards near our cabana. We had a number of random people coming in to take epic swigs of our liquor (they finished more than 2 bottles), and my friend ended up having to assume the role of alcohol guardian.I was far too smashed to really notice much else.
5	The best!Open bar, great set-up, nice decor, friendly bartenders, big open space, good music, what more can someone ask for?Surrender ROCKED. We had the best time ever. We partied way into the early morning and danced like we never danced before. We found a nice area outside by the pool where we were able to stash our stuff and even sit when we needed a break. The cute cocktail waitresses came around with the pre-made shots which were very tasty. The dj played great music and there were plenty of places to go if you wanted to leave the main dance floor when it got to crowded.It was my baby cousin's 21st birthday and she had a blast and we all did too. Luckily we were on a list so we didn't have to wait to long. I would definitely check out Surrender again the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	I can't decide how much I like this club. On one hand I really like the fact that there is so much room and that most of the club is outside. There is definitely a lot of room to spread out and escape the crowds. The VIP setup, however, wasn't my fav of the Vegas club's i've been to. Bouncers were also severely cranky. I also feel like because it's so large it may be easy to get lost in the space. It's worth a trip to see what you think for yourself.
1	Wow.  Just wow.Even if you have presale tickets, they make you wait behind the notorious velvet rope now just to get to the dance floor.  Most of Surrender is now outside where Encore Beach Club is and if you don't come pretty early, it's almost impossible to get to the dance floor to see the DJ.  What's the point in coming here if only 10% of the guests can actually see the talent instead of watching them on a screen outside?Even if you do get in, it's crammed like hell in there.  They rope off the right side for VIP tables and the left side for the bar.  If you are next to the stage, good luck getting out to get a drink or even use the restroom.  You won't be able to.  Horrible, HORRIBLE experience.  I am never coming back here for as long as I live.  Mark my words.  I hope they don't eff up Splash Dance and do the same lame set up.
5	Out of all the nightclubs I went to in Vegas, this was one of the top ones on my list.I was really impressed! The music, the drinks, enough space to accommodate pretty much everyone, drinks, strippers, drinks....Come to Vegas, do come here. Better than some of the other clubs on the strip.
5	One of my favorite nightclubs in Vegas! Love the indoor/outdoor concept. Nice looking crowd of people, and Nero was there when I went. SO good.
5	I love coming here in the summer because of their outside cabanas. Beautiful venue, crowd is awesome, and music is great depending on what night you go. Drinks are expensive but expect this from any club on the strip. This place is in one of my top 4.
3	Can't speak much of the price because I always get in for free. Guys, just go with a giant group of girls and get a promoter. Dancefloor: TINY and PACKED! (As a person who has been to clubs in Ibiza.) Don't expect to dance, because you'll be standing the whole night. Either on the dance floor or outside. Club: Inside and outside with a pool, it's at the Wynn so of course it's a nice club.Drinks: Again, go with a giant group of girls, because girls get free drinks. BUT, let the girls carry it out. A bouncer once snatched it from my hands because they use a different cup. And apparently guys can't carry them, even if she needs to use the bathroom and asks you to hold it. Or even if a girl is too intoxicated and wants you to help her finish it.Bouncers: -_______- It's Vegas, we all know.I've had so so experiences, Good and Bad. Either you're wasted that night and don't remember, so the night was amazing. Or its your first time in Vegas, or first time in a big city for some people.
4	This place is BANGIN. We went here for my birthday 3/30/2013 to see my favorite dj, Eric Prydz. We got on a promoter's guest list and went around 1030pm (girls got in free). Line was totally chill, we got in in probably 15 minutes tops. Very easy line, no searching or pat downs from security. The club is beautiful. Pictures don't do it justice. Lots and lots of room to move around. The dance floor is pretty packed, but it started clearing out as the night went on. We spent of the time dancing around by the pool. The sound system is unbelievable, you can literally go anywhere in the club and you'll hear the music crisp and clear. We made a couple friends here too! People are very classy and nice, I personally didn't encounter a lot of douches or trashy girls. It was so fun to dance with chill people. Oh, and Eric Prydz threw down so well. His set was FANTASTIC. I highly recommend anyone going to to Vegas to check out his Black Dice set at Surrender. The only reason it doesn't get 5 full stars is because of the water situation. Maybe I'm a Vegas amateur or something, but the bartenders won't give you tap water. You have to BUY an $8 tiny Fiji water bottle. There are water foundations by the bathrooms, but who wants to leave their spot on the dance floor?
5	I was here on the Saturday of the first weekend of March Madness.The sickest club I have been too. Amazing setting and just absolutely beautiful.If you have a big group, get a cabana. They are sweet.Morgan Pagie was there and he was unbelieveable.Only thing was its outside and it was chilly out, so I can not even imagine how packed it gets in the summer.Go to Surrender if you want to go to the sickest club in Las Vegas!
4	IF you get table service... be ready for the most thirsty girls you have ever seen.  They are just dying to come to the table so if you roll with a bunch of guys and want girls this is the spot.  The lay out is nice and TONS of people there.  They have a inside area and middle area and pool side spot.  Def get the inside area as where that is where the DJ is and where all the crowd is partying.  Table prices are good and service is decent.  The bouncers are cool and VIP is roped off.  Tables are big and tons of space if you get the side tables on the wall.  Only problem here is that the VIP hosts are not cool at all.  Out of all the clubs I been to in Vegas this is the only club I have problems with the people working the VIP stuff.  But other than that def a club I would check out if they have talent there.  Have fun!
2	Been to many clubs in Vegas and this is my LEAST favorite venue. Don't go here if you expect to see a favorite dj, and hear good quality sound. The dj booth and dance floor is in a tiny room that is so crammed and packed you can't even move. Not worth it. Sound outside is awful. Don't waste your time and money here. There are so many other great clubs. This one is just a bad set up.
5	I felt like a VIP when I came here.  I was able to score a pass to the front of the line, so I did not have to wait long to get in.  How you ask? Not sure, my friend who I was with has magic club powers.  If you have to wait in the very long line,  I'm sure its not as a great experience as I had getting in. I believe girls get in free and guys have to pay $40; that was the case for that night anyway. I came on a Saturday night and girls received free drinks until midnight.  The club often has DJs come and play music.  Eric Prydz (Call on me) was there that night.  I heard celebrities will make an appearance here once and a while.  I saw Jimmi Simpson (Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter) there, not super well known but an actor none the less.The atmosphere is very posh with pools in the center of the nightclub and cool lighting.  However, do not attempt to go in the pools, you will get yelled at. There are circular cushion chairs you can purchase, as well as tables (for a steep price). I like to track down the photographers at clubs because they take great photos that make anyone look good.  There is an unofficial dress code.  Ladies should wear heels and a dress/skirt.  Guys should wear nice jeans or pants, dress shoes and a button down shirt.
5	We stopped by here after dinner at Andrea's. It was a busy night and we had tons of fun! What I remember about it anyway =) We had a comp table and some bottles of champagne, with good companies of our girlfriends and running into other friends it was a great time!
1	Great place, except for a few issues.1.) I am not a roided out cockbag 2.) I do have some percentage of body fat present3.) I have no tats, and am not asian4.) I have no desire to take out a second mortgage in order to sit down in any club5.) I am still not asian
3	Nice club. I wish they had more tables and sittings outside.
5	Surrender is the sh!t!! Always a good time! Saw Calvin Harris here and Afrojack. Both times were amazing. Had a Cabanna for Calvin Harris which was way over 5,000$. Worth every cent. This club is beautiful and the pool makes it even better.The warming tent in winter is UGLY and rediculous. So dirty. Come with friends and BUY BOTTLE SERVICE.... Its VERY nice to have your own personal space.
4	This place is pretty cool. Good scenery and good vibe.
3	The place is swank, with its cool lights and awesome conversion of the outside pool area. But the DJ was pretty bad and the drinks were pretty pricey  ($22 for a redbull vodka) so I can't say that I was really feeling it that night. But it wasn't super crowded and there was plenty of room to talk outside so I guess it was good for just chillin. Oh and the outside blackjack and craps tables were a definite plus. If I had to do it over again though, I'd go back to XS or check out Hakkasan.
4	This review is more on the performance and DJ, rather than the nightclub itself. It is a nice nightclub with outdoor and indoor seating. But I'm all about the music that fills the air.ERIC PRYDZ... Black Dice! ...enough said. I've been here twice... a few years ago for Afrojack and Calvin Harris in one night. Recently for Prydz... a master at work (DJing). His Black Dice themed party is not your glamour Vegas production show. It is cut down, focused just on the music. Eric played a 3 1/2 set past 4am. Great times!
5	I loved Surrender so much! Out of the clubs I went to when I was in Vegas, this was my favorite one. I'd recommend using a promoter if you plan on coming here. I don't remember what I paid cover-wise exactly, but I do remember it not being too bad (some of the cover prices in Vegas can be absolutely absurd). We still had to wait in line, but a shorter line. This place is sick though. It's indoor/outdoor with a pool in the center... I couldn't stop looking around when we first walked in. At first, we chilled outside with our drinks at a standing table. After a little while, we went into this one section where the DJ was located and there were gogo dancers! So fun. This is the room you want to go in if you wanna bust some moves. Great music, too. They were also giving out free stuff (i.e. foam hands), which is always fun. Oh, and Cee Lo Green showed up and performed... no big deal. If I had to recommend one club in Vegas (out of the ones I've been to), I'd definitely choose this one.
4	I had a lot of fun here, but I'm not really a clubby type person (why I went to Vegas, I don't know). We just ad to put our name on the list online and we got in within 15 minutes.The place is full of little separate pools which sets a fun mood, but they are only open to people on certain days/nights. They had an open bar from 11pm-midnight which was lovely and the bartender was super quick about it and made sure to rotate around and serve everyone. There are  couple of bars and a dance area but most of it is just to lounge around and socialize which is nice. And the crowd that it draws is cool. Not a bunch of stuck ups, which is a plus.I do have to say it's a little over priced though. Over $50 for three drinks after open bar was over.
3	I came here on a Sunday night during MDW for Above & Beyond.  With a pre-sale ticket the line moved flawlessly.  Surrender is a beautiful outdoor club that also doubles as Encore Beach Club.  Lots of space to walk around and not feel like a sardine.  The only negative thing here was the dance/DJ area is fairly long and narrow and was heavily regulated by Surrender staff.  Yeah, you know what that means, basically GIRLS only.  I know this should be expected, but I'm not sure about you, but it's a major buzz kill to be in the presence of artists like A&B and NOT be dancing.  It's ok, still an awesome looking club.
4	Came here to see Above & Beyond, and had an awesome time! I really liked how open and airy the outdoor area is. I should've stayed out there so I could've had room to dance, but it was still really fun. The not so big dance floor got packed fast and closed pretty early on in the night. Fearing I wouldn't be able to return back to the main room, I ended up just staying inside. Despite the packed crowd, everyone was friendly and gave it a fun atmosphere. A&B's set was also really enjoyable and kept the energy up. At one point, they directed a snide remark towards will.i.am for his rip off of Rebound which left the crowd cheering. With its beautiful setup, Surrender is definitely one of my favorite venues in Vegas. Untz Untz UntzTip: If you need to get a cab after the night is done at XS or Surrender, walk over to the Palazzo and grab a cab without the absurd lines.
2	I am astonished to see that this venue received four stars. I can find three stars plausible however, this club lacks a multitude of things.For one, I despise the security management. For a resort that is rated as a five diamond resort, Surrender has security that can be found in the ghettos of North Las Vegas. I've been threatened multiple times and cursed at. I don't care if a bouncer is socialized to have a tough attitude, there is no justification for any employee affiliated with a five diamond resort to threaten me or any of its guests.There is also terrible organization in the promotions staff. There are times where I enlist myself in the guest list, but somehow when I get to the line, I don't find my name. Fortunately at times, they let me go, but it is hard to hide the fact that this promotions team lacks organization.Yes they do have high profile DJs coming out. However, blindfold me and hell, I won't be able to tell whose playing. All the DJs play the same music!!!!! Note that I am very well aware of EDM. But all the music played at Surrender sounds practically identical. My only catch to come out to Surrender will only be when I get a comped table. A table makes my experience at Surrender a lot more convenient.I expect a lot more from a 5 Diamond Resort so I suggest that this management starts living up to the resort's expectations and standards.
2	Was at Surrender for MDW to see Calvin Harris, bought prepaid tickets which got us in fast, despite arriving at the scene at 11:30pm. After entering the club hassle-free, the excitement quickly dwindled. The concept of having 80% of the club outdoor is nice, however the implementation was poor. Calvin Harris was playing at the indoor portion of the club, except no one was allowed on the dance floor except if you purchased a $3000 table. Why even let people in if you don't allow anyone on the dance floor? Waste of money on cover, and it wasn't like the cover was cheap either; $100 for guys and $40 for ladies. Go somewhere else to have a  good time.
1	I came here sunday of memorial day weekend and I got kicked out. I wasn't even drunk. I kept trying to explain my case and they said I was too roudy. What the flip. I was cheering and having fun. are you kidding me. I'm pretty sure they were just kicking guys out to have a better ratio because my friend told me his friend also got kicked out and he didn't even do anything. Never coming back here again.
5	Definitely one of my favorites. Surrender is beautiful and a must if you go to Vegas. Great ambience. Great staff. Great crowd. There's nothing I can complain about here. Bottle service is quite a neat experience here I really enjoyed it.
3	My first impression - "Is this a strip club?" The first thing I saw when I walked in Surrender was a bunch of stripper poles and gogo dancers dancing with dollar bills in their panties. Was totally NOT expecting that! I'm not sure what it is but this club was completely dead on a Saturday night. The promoters told me it would be crowded so they even convinced me to buy presale for my bf, even though when we showed up it was comped admission for both guys and girls and there was absolutely NO line at midnight.After checking out Light, the atmosphere at Surrender was definitely different. They played more hip hop than anything. Also, the LED wall and sound system was unimpressive compared to Light. I did like that there was more room to dance and the outdoor area provided a nice escape when my feet started hurting. They even have blackjack tables in the outdoor area for those who want to continue gambling in the club. I also loved that they gave out the colored LED tube thingys. That kept everyone entertained on the dance floor since we thought of some creative things to do with them.
4	NO RETREAT!NO SURRENDER!Ohhh wait yes surrender to me please, insert evil laugh;  MUHAHAHAHA!So yes I had some fun times here with a bunch of friends. I think that perhaps the biggest reason was that we prepartied like a bunch of drunks. We showed up at this place 5 sheets to the wind, not your typical 3! In other words, we were thankful for cab rides and cheap drinks. We were scattered across several guess lists but were all able to cruise in together once we arrived. I was on the Crowd Control LV guess list and was in for free. Thanks Chhen! Pro Tip: Do not plan on clubben in tennis shoes, hats, or douchey v-neck tee shirts.When we showed up women were drinking for free and the guys had to pay $19-$23 per drink! That was ridiculous, but that is how LV clubs are unfortunately. They also had more tables than any club I have ever been to. Pro Tip #2: You can rest/sit down on the edge of the planters throughout the club. The main dance floor has a bar along one side as well as the entrance, a couple of stripper poles (only the staff gogogirls can use them though =\), a number of tables and the DJ booth. The best part was that they had some water cooling misters or something like that to help it stay a tad bit cooler in the 100+ degree heat.Pro Tip #3: Beginning around 1am a number of the tables started to clear so we were able to snag one for our groupThe music was good, lots of fun dancing as well. A place I would go back to so long as I prepartied and was on the right guest list for free! Fun stuff in the long run. Perhaps I will see you there...
4	I am not a nightclub type of gal. But, on the rare occasion I do go out, I like coming to Surrender. In my opinion it is the best club in the city. I guess in a city with so many clubs indoors, which can get so suffocating, it is refreshing that the majority of the club is outside. The inside is actually not that great, I find it kind of shady. But outside it's so nice, what with the pools and the music that is not too loud. Drinks are prohibitively expensive and not anything to get excited about, I usually order pineapple juice with gin. As with all clubs in this city, the lines are super long. For sure get in contact with a promoter, otherwise you could be looking at an hour long wait to enter, at the very least.
4	Thoroughly enjoyed myself. Good people, a good mix of locals and out of towners. Staff was friendly and the atmosphere was fun. The greeters seemed to have more important things to do than say hello when we walked in. Otherwise a great experience.
4	Wasnt sure what to expect when i first walked up. Looked small when we walked up but as soon as we walked in the doors it opens up into a much larger indoor/outdoor club. Very cool set up and i really enjoy the more casual dress attire especially in the summer. Definetly a fun spot.
5	Had a great time with friends here a couple months ago.  I'm headed back to vegas in 2 weeks. If we run out of ideas for things to do we'll be sure to hit this place up again.
5	BEST. NIGHT. EVER.July 26/27 Ellie Goulding was here. I had a Long Island and I got smashed.July 27/28 I saw strippers dancing with dollars in their panties.Don't remember much, but will return because I don't remember much :)
3	Fun atmosphere if you are looking for an outdoor club / pool party with dancing, gambling tables, lounge areas, and expensive booze.  It was a fun scene and overall great night but we felt mislead since we mainly bought tickets to see Ellie Goulding perform.  They recommend arriving at 10 pm to be sure to get in.  Meanwhile, Ellie didn't show up until after 1:30 am and she didn't perform while we were there (was more of a guest DJ situation) but it seemed like false advertising.  We still had a fun night out in Vegas, just would have loved if Ellie herself performed and if drinks weren't as crazy expensive.  Definitely would recommend getting tickets in advance to avoid the lines. Get drinks before and don't feel pressured to arrive too early especially if you have tickets.  And dress to impress :)
3	Packed like sardines, but got to see Zeds Dead!
4	We got table service for the Bad Boy Bill and Richard Vission performance...too bad they didn't play the classics but overall the experience was nice.  Table service was pricey but it allowed for a nice seating area, excellent waitress service by cuties in bikinis and we had a blast meeting new people and dancing.
2	The music great but the drunken crowd was horrible...everyone was pushing and shoving. The whole time I was there I asked myself where security was to regulate. I didn't like the atmosphere and security needs a whole lot of work.
1	I'm going to say that the venue and actual employees are simply amazing. Beautiful venue and a great sound system. Now, what happened here tonight is something that will never allow me to coming back again. Long story short, promoter treated the guys unfairly and my female friend was roofied and had to be brought to the medics. If you want details - keep reading.We get into the venue no problem, we had table service so it was no problem getting a table. I had a few female friends (5 girls) that had a different table and they told me to come over and drink with them. I sat with them for a little while and a group of guys approached us and grabbed our pitcher of our mixed drink and poured themselves a glass. They told me that this is not my my table; sure, that's the truth, but it belongs to the girls sitting at the table. The guys told me that I would be kicked out and I said that was perfectly fine with me - they had no justification either - I paid to get in and I was invited to sit with some girls, is that illegal?? Anyways they walked away and I let it go. Maybe an hour and 15 mins after arriving I get a call from my friend saying that one of my female friends passed out. The medics carried her from the club to check on her vitals she was okay but the only reasonable answer was a roofie and the security told us that roofies happen more often than you would think. THAT IS NOT OKAY.Our friend was able to walk again and we left the club, I happened to lock eyes with the group of guys that took our drinks sitting by the casino. I told my roofied friend that those were the sleaze balls that drank out drinks. And she was surprised and said those are the club promoters! The one that even helped her get in! So yeah, a club promoter came over and drank some drinks that didn't belong to them and they unfairly raised hostility towards me. I can't and I won't apologize for having a male genitalia, but how dare you threaten me or disrespect my friends. I didn't get the name of the club promoter that drank the drink but I can tell you he was an asian guy with a buzz cut. Yeah, and watch your drinks at all times.
5	Came here twice.  It was slow on a Friday night but we had open bar for ladies which made up for the lack of people.  We also came here on a Saturday night and it was packed.
1	Not a fan!  $15+ drinks, crappy music and RUDE staff!  Came here with about 10 girlfriends ready to dance and let loose.  The music is nonstop techno..I can handle a few songs but c'mon, play something you can really dance to and have fun with.  Did not hear any variety of music..so that sucked.  Then 'club promotors' kept harrassing us entering our table area just so they could take our drinks/bottles..we had to tell them over and over to leave, and then they got upset and tried to have us all kicked out for no reason.  One manager (if thats even what he was) came over and was SO rude, not even asking us what happened, telling us to leave.  Finally we talked to a different guy who seemed to be above everyone, and he was really apologetic and told everyone to leave us alone.  Such a hassle and pain for something that really doesn't offer anything.
2	Terrible sound system...I'm surprised people's ears weren't bleeding from the piercing highs. When you're outside in the EBC area, you can walk around the pool, but then you're too removed from the DJ. Pick your battles, I suppose. $40 cover here is a bit steep for the talent/ambiance.
5	I seriously love Surrender. It's a great space. Amazing venue, very beautiful and spacious. Top talent DJs make this club a must do while in Vegas.My favorite time to visit Surrender is during the summer on Thursday nights for splash dance. Showing up to a club in beach attire and flip flops is such a luxury. Being able to jump into a pool on 100+ nights is refreshing and an awesome way to cool off. In the winter, the cover the pools and put up the Surrender dome. Kind of tacky looking, but it does the trick, especially because it gets cold in Vegas during the winter months and no one wants to dance in a parka!All in all, Surrender is a top notch Vegas night life venue. Hit me with those laser beams.On a side night, I've had some of my best nights out at this establishment. I surrender to Surrender.
5	OH man. This place is FUN! After being dissapointed with the fact that Hakkasan was going to be $100 per dude for the night my friends and I went out, we decided to check out this place at the Encore. We were staying in the Palazzo Hotel so it was pretty much a hop and a skip away. What is there to like about this place? Well, the music was great from the start. We got there pretty early so we wouldn't have to pay (a group of about 20 of us) and we all immediately started bobbing our heads. Girls had free drinks for about an hour or two, so they just kept going back and forth to the bar and slipping their drinks to the guys! Let's just say after a couple of those.... IT WAS POPPIN! Another thing I loved was all the outdoor space. Wide open with a warm breeze, just strong enough to dry the sweat from booty shaking and twerkin'. Would I come again? I can't wait! Quick tips: 1. Try to get on the guest list. Find a promoter or bring a friend who knows one. If you have a good girl-guy ratio, everyone could possibly get in free. 2. Grab a spot outside where there's a bench around a tree or something. It's free to sit there but you can act like you got bottle service. Fancy! 3. Easiest way out is to get escorted out. So have one of your friends take one for the team and get super trashed.
4	don't even bother unless you have bottle service. but that goes for pretty much every club in vegas. we came in a group of 9 on 8/10 to see madeon dj and had a pretty spectacular time. we had a prime table inside the club just next to the dj booth that allowed for some great people watching and tons of room to dance/mingle. bottle service perks:immediate entry. it only took the host a minute to find our reservation and then our group was whisked inside. dedicated bottle servers. the girls were super friendly and attentive-they stayed at our table the entire time mixing our drinks and constantly refilling empty glasses. they were also all totally hot, so that was a plus for my guy friends. the booths. huge elevated booths with plenty of room to dance and check out the crowd. clubs often charge ridonk fees for tiny tables that only a few people can sit at-ours easily allowed our entire group to sit comfortably.  they even had drawers underneath the tables to stash your purses so you don't have to leave them out in the open if you wanted to wander around. security. security at clubs are often notoriously awful douches-this place is the exception. one of my friends iphone died and the security guard actually went and found a charger for him! the club. the actual club is pretty small but the outside area is huge! there's several pools and all of the people milling around seemed totally laid back and in a good mood. this made it great when we wanted to take a break from the crazy club atmosphere and get some fresh air. the music. madeon didn't come on til pretty late (after 1), but the opening dj played a really great mix of electro/indie/hip hop. i was with a pretty varied group of people (some of which hate clubs) and everyone was really enjoying themselves. conclusion-this is a totally fun club if you spend the money to get bottle service. if you have enough people in your party it's totally cost effective too. without it, you're looking at spending $30-50 a person for entry and about $20 per drink. that adds up fast. then factor in all the time you'll waste standing in line to get in, standing at the bar waiting for a drink, listening to your girlfriends complain about how their feet hurt and there's nowhere to sit, or how you can't dance because it's packed. do yourself a favor and splurge for the bottle service. chances are you're not local and you came to the club for a sweet time-so make sure you have one!
5	It is a gem in Vegas. A must place to visit for nightclubThe Encore and Whynn day pool is amazing too. It is in expensive side but you should not miss these places
5	I went to Surrender at the Wynn over the weekend with a group of girls.  We were helped by a friend who got us in and the place was great.  There was a lot of people but the crowd was dispersed very well around the pool and bars so that it did not seem overly crowded.  The place is big and has a lot of space.  Everyone was dressed very well there, and the crowd was friendly.  The men there seemed fun but many of them were polite to me as I passed by or tried to move through crowds so I really liked the crowd there - it was not rowdy or crass.  Drinks were ok but I'd recommend getting a strong one to start with since it is a little pricey.  The place is very loud but you won't mind if you like to dance.  Pools were beautiful at night.
5	My new favorite club in Vegas. I loved that most of it is outside, so the typical room to breathe issue most clubs have wasn't a factor here. The drinks were typical Vegas prices, so no surprise there. I went two days in a row I liked it so much. I see a lot of people complaining about cover, but I found it EASY to get on the guest list. Keep your girl to guy ratio even or more girls. If not, expect to pay something at the door. I went with two lady friends and they got in both nights FREE while I only paid $20 one night when Ellie Goulding did a set the second night I got in 100% FREE. I'm headed to Vegas again in 3 weeks and I'll def be hitting this place up!
4	Enjoyed a long weekend in Vegas with 7 of my girls. Surrender was on schedule for our 3rd night and our promoter hooked us up with a daybed, pitchers, and wristbands that gave us access to free vodka drinks and champagne up until a certain hour.Music was fine, the dance floor was poppin', but I was most excited to have cushy lounge space to rest my sore, high-heeled tootsies. The venue is very pretty...an outdoor, lit up pool scene and the staff is as courteous and friendly as the hectic setting would allow. Security is on the somber side, but they won't give you too much of a hard time as long as you're polite. The bar was pretty wild with all the ladies clamoring to get their free drinks before 1am and the bartenders do the best they can to appease the crowd. I think it would be a lot easier if they just gave away 1 kind of drink so that the bartenders can just keep 'em coming without having to slow down to take orders, like the morning beach club where they only give away mimosas for a couple hours...much more efficient.Overall, we had a good time. I was a little pooped since it was my 3rd consecutive night of partying so I did more people watching than anything. We all definitely enjoyed the perks that came with being an all-girl group.
4	Very cool venue, I like the huge Dragons on the back of the bars.It was pretty $$$ for drinks and they make you pay for water which is like $8.But, once you get a stamp, you get 'In and Out' privileges and can go back and forth all night. We literally when to 3 different bars before coming back in to see BORGORE perform around 2am.Most of the club is outside, and lots of space to walk around. Not the best venue for bigger acts because the DJ stage is just a square in front of one of the bars. Not as cool as Marquee but I would definitely come back.
3	Surrender was an ok experience for me. The dance floor was very crowded so couldn't dance at all because either somebody was taking up your space, walking around your area or either elbowing you. The music that day wasnt good since the DJ did not play good at all for my taste. Although the design of the club is cool, just the ambiance for me is no good.
3	Birthday on a Saturday-  here we go:Had my first "LA Water" here- as strong as an AMF or Long Island but better! $19 but what's new? It's Vegas.Mixed crowd- some older, some younger. Style of dress varied from jeans and crop tops to full-on suits; I suppose anything goes.The EDM music was laser-ful, so if you're hardcore into that you're in for a treat.
2	I don't know how Surrender is as a day club since I went in winter, but my experience with them as a night club was just okay.Our party got in for free, lured by the promise of an open bar and a free table.  The lines were looong!  When we got in, the table was revealed to be more like a couch with a footstool in front of it, but hey, still free.  They also gave us a watered down mixed drink to start us off.  A bouncer came by and told the one guy we had in the group to give up his seat because they were "for the ladies only."  Uh, ok.  After downing our pineapple vodkas, we headed to the dance floor.  One word: CRAMPED.  The dance floor was long and narrow, and getting in and out was a huge hassle because there weren't that many entrances/exits to it.  It was a regular night, so DJ was just playing generic EDM/Top 40s remixes, nothing special.  I did enjoy the decor and the Garden of Eden theme that was going on, but the covered up pools were sad :( I will definitely come back to see it as a day club, since I think my past visit did not do it justice.
3	Was it just me or what?! I wasn't that impressed with this club at all. I've been to the other Wynn clubs and this was did not have that same aura. We had a table and the service was non existent. The club itself was very dead for a Saturday night. It is smaller which made it a little more intimate, but we hung out outside anyways. It was the weekend of the I Heart Radio concert so maybe everyone else was partying elsewhere which was fine by me. I didn't want to play sardines in a can that night anyways! It was a pretty chill night which was what us girls wanted, but the service was crappy. I guess that was its biggest downfall. I do like that they have the indoor/outdoor area but other than that I left unimpressed. I most likely wouldn't be back anytime soon. I might be wayyyyy too old for the clubbing scene anyways. ;)
3	Surrender is a good nightclub.From the context of renting it out for a private party, it's a good location since it has both an indoor and an outdoor area, as well as 2 bars.I've never attended anything here other than private parties where it was rented out.I'll vouch for the fact it's a great venue to throw a party at!
5	So fun!! This was our favorite club in Vegas. We went to see Afrojack perform here and it was crazy! Surrender is classy and indoor/outdoor. There was open bar (vodka only) for women until 1am. We ended up at a table in VIP but anywhere you are it's a good show and a good time. I think the opening DJ was Bobby Burns, he was good too even though we hadn't heard of him.
3	It's not one of my favorite clubs to go but my experience here were not bad at all. I like the fact that it's spacious. It does not get too packed, maybe the dance floor does but that's like every club out here. Also, the security guards the dance floors so it won't get overly packed for safety reasons. I would only go here if we get a comped table/cabana, other than that, surrender does bore me a little bit.
1	WTF?  Auto Gratuity on an individual credit card tab?  I can't be the only one that thinks that a individual bar tab should not have the same auto gratuity requirements as a 6 person sit down dinner.  How can I go to a fine dining restaurant and be given the freedom to tip on my experience but grab a shot of fireball for $15 bucks and automatically have to give the guy a $3 tip for pouring it?  Prosperous! Not to mention getting me started about the methodology of tipping bar tenders under a different format that waiters at a restaurant.  The service level isn't the same and I'd at least like the option to tip up my bartender for doing an over the top job.  But the expectation that its included as standard is just stupid.  These casinos make enough money through other avenues, the auto gratuity at a personal level is not hospitable. Really sad.  Words of advice, pay cash.
5	The clubs on the Wynn properties are always the best! The setup and music is always great, always busy but still with room to hang out at as well. As a local I tend to forget how amazing the places in the city are. Stop by whether its your first time or your 103rd time, you won't be disappointed!
1	I had a good time here last weekend and would have reviewed much higher, until I looked at my bank statement! The day after visiting Surrender I had 5 pending transactions from the club on my bank statement - I should have only had 2. The same thing happened to one of my friends, but she had 6 charges. We paid for drinks at different bars within the club, so it wasn't just a fluke. After calling our banks they explained we had to wait until the charges actually went through (up to 3 days) to dispute them. Currently I have 2 incorrect charges that went through and another pending. I called to dispute them with the club, and conveniently the only person who can help me with this (according to the woman who answered the phone) works 10-4, so I will have to call during my working hours to try and get this settled. I'm beyond annoyed and will not recommend that anyone visit Surrender.
4	Surrender takes me back to partying in my 20s: a little bit crazy, a little bit hazy and a whole lotta fun!  We got bottle service for weekend prior to Halloween.  I didn't actually go in for 2 hours because a friend got a bit too tipsy before we stepped in so we had to make sure she was ok before stepping back this way.  It's spacious, good music and we had nice comfy lounge couches to sit on.  minus 1 star for the Vodka seeming diluted.  I'm a light weight drinker and after 3 drinks and not much of a buzz?  Grey Goose, I know you are stronger than that.  Alcohol aside, I love that it is connected to the pool area and you can step out for some fresh air at your leisure.  I had a great time dancing and spending time with my friends.  Stumbling out around 2am was a good time for me as I rarely stay up past midnight anymore.  At least it's just a hop and skip away from our rooms at the Palazzo. For 2 bottles of diluted Vodka totalling in $650 for the table.  I'd say nay for bottle service.  I think partying here on a regular night could be just as much fun.
4	Love this place....definitely one of the best spots. The outdoor area with the pools is beautiful. They have cabanas, beds, tables that promoters comped us girls. I've been many times before but our recent experience for Halloween was amazing. Bassnectar killed it and everyone was partying. Love it here, will always make a stop every time we go to Vegas
4	Partied here last night and loved it! Good drinks and I love how the other party goer's weren't all stuck up. Everybody was just having a good time. Loved the decor as well. My only little complaint was the music. I'm used to ghetto clubs so when I go out to dance, I wanna hear my shit. The DJ would play my shit, but chop and screw it with a techno, dub step beat. Couldn't really get down the way I like to but I was lit so it didn't really matter. Despite that, I would for sure return.
3	I remember why I didn't like this place the first time - the dance floor is just too impractical. Now I know that clubs are designed around table service - that's how they make their money after all. But Surrender essentially makes it impossible to move around because the main DJ area is a very small dance floor with two narrow walkways made even more crowded by the fact that all tables are roped off. If they made the middle of that area table free, the club would instantly be 1000% better in my book. Other clubs have the same issues, but it was more egregious here. I can, however, see it being less of an issue on a non-big-event day.I was pleased to notice that the club itself was bigger than I remembered, but make no mistake, if you want to get in the middle of the action, it's really tough here. The venue itself is well decorated and actually quite picture-esque.Unfortunately, I just can't give a better review based on how poorly the front of the club is designed. I still had an awesome time there on Halloween and I got to leave a shout out for Victoria.
5	This club has to be my second fave club right after Marquee!!!!!!! I came here for Halloween weekend and they had this cool Halloween contest with a cash prize! The music is a mix of Hip Hop, Rap, and EDM..let me emphasize that, they had Hip Hop from the 90's too! Now thats a plus in my books! Anyways, security was cool and even the workers in the bathrooms who sell cigarettes were polite and well mannered! The workers at Surrender really take care of you! The night i went happened to have an artist perform which was Chris Lake, who is a DJ for those who dont know. Anywho, the crowd was fun and the DJ tore up the club! Drinks were kind of pricey but well worth it because I walked out a hot mess!! If your on guest list you wont wait for too long but early arrival is suggested ! By the way, the outside is gorgeous ! I will most definitely be back here in January
5	I've been here twice. Once in the summer, second in the cold. Summer time is nice because everyones outside, you can hang around the pool. It's a pretty scene, NOTHING like bars where I'm from. The second time I was here, you could still hang outside, but who would want to? (Although there is heater stands throughout). The bar is enclosed by a tent. Dance floor is SMALL. But the place is huge and you can basically dance anywhere you feel.Coat check was $5.00 - Um is this normal for Vegas? As if you didn't already charge us enough for our entry free or drinks. Longest wait to get in, too. Ladies, I hope you have a pair of purse flats, your feet will be hurting by the time you get in here.And for the bathrooms, they have perfume/lotion/etc for emergencies. But you have to tip the lady there watching your every move. Sorry, I refuse to give you ANYTHING for handing me a paper towel after I wash my hands. Stop wasting your time because your job is a joke.
4	A pretty awesome club and a fun crowd that's not different than most similar clubs in Vegas. The outdoor pool area is awesome and laid back. Came here on a random Wednesday in November, so it was a little slower, but still enjoyed the visit.
2	I went on Halloween weekend and I wasn't a big fan of it . It was ok but most of the club was tables . The outside was pretty nice . But I left . I doubt ill be going back to surrender on my next trip .
4	If your'e a local, Wednesdays are the BEST. Dance floor is pretty small but it's okay. Getting a table is the way to go for this place or else you will look kinda stupid with nowhere to park yourself really. But it is B-E-A-U-T-I-F-U-L! After that really long line with bouncers that have their God complex bestowed upon you, you would appreciate it all the more. It is party heaven!
5	Surrender wears a number of different masks. In the summer you can rock a night swim and an outdoor table. In the winter there's the sort of this middle area tent thing with half of the amount of people (not a bad thing). Just prepare for that. These are a few of my favorite things....*Table games! Guess what? When you're at a club for 5 hours, you might need a time out from the dance floor for a hot sec. Surrender has about 6 tables in a spot where you can still see/hear what's going down in the club/pool. Plus, you can get some free drinks while you play. Lose $50 at the table? You come out even if you managed to snag 3 drinks. *Awesome resident DJ's. Wolfgang Gartner. Porter Robinson. Dillon Francis....*Small dance floor. Easy to make your way to the front to gawk at your favorite DJ (you can also still have a great view from the back of the dance floor). Bonus: he might lift his arms in the air when the beat drops. Das cool.*Great service. Bartenders are happy to sling you a pricey cocktail and the bottle girls (especially Ms. Vicky Q) will make you feel cool without rushing you to finish your bottle. You might actually snag on of their numbers! (OK, I made that up). The dealers are fun too. Ask them if they like EDM to start a funny convo (they hate it).*Organized- On a list? There's a line for that. It moves fast. Not on a list (don't do this)? You can literally get right in. There's no mystery here. Overall, Surrender is one of my favorite clubs in the Vegas. It's a welcome departure for the larger sardine can type venues that are around town and is just as much fun. Grab a drink and rock out with your fave DJ!
4	Surrender is always a solid fun club to go to.  I used to come here all the time last summer (before Hakkasan and Light).  Now that there are more choices I don't come as often but Surrender will always have a special place in my heart.  In the summer Surrender is awesome because they have Splash dance parties, Encore Beach Club, and the outdoor portion is the perfect temperature at night.  Currently the tent thing and heat lamps do keep you pretty warm but it isn't the same as summer.  Surrender does have good DJs but I feel that now there are so many other clubs for DJs to go to they have to spread out the love a little more.  Some of the DJs I have come to Surrender to see are: Madeon, Diplo, Porter Robinson, Zeds Dead (I have no idea why I came for them), Morgan Page... Still some good DJs but Hakkasan and XS are gonna have the heavy hitters like Kaskade and Tiesto still.   I always feel comfortable at Surrender and people are generally pretty nice and nobody is a snoot.  It is a chill nice club.  Girls can be walked in with a bunch of other girls around 10:30-11pm.  They will usually get a wrist band for the open bar and will be seated in the comped tables/cabana area.  They usually bring out champagne and vodka for these tables.  Girls only though.  Guys can still be put on guest list usually for free with even ratio or discounted admission.  Even though I don't come as often as I used to, Surrender will always be the original fave spot of mine.P.S. If you use Twitter you can tweet while you are at the club to @surrendervegas and they will post your tweet on the TVs in the cabanas.
1	Don't!!! DJ SUCKS SERVICE SUCKS! Just avoid!!! We were MOVED from our table even tho we had a bottle to the center of the LOUD dance floor!!!!! Don't!!!!! We got mixers 120 minutes before our vodka arrived! Seriously don't! Can't take pics of lane gogo dancers ! They seriously stopped us !! I will NEVER come Again
3	Surrender is good, I guess. I didn't quite get the Vegas clubbing experience that I was looking forward to here. They were the only club on the strip that was open on Christmas day. I feel like that was why the line was out the door. The club's management team didn't let us cut through the line even though we had passes - we got those after purchasing tickets for Le Reve. My friend and I didn't want to get stuck waiting for hours, so we decided to just get bottle service. What the hell right, you're in Vegas, so either you go big or you go home. So we zap to the front of the line, got a table and a bottle of Grey Goose. The club was small. I noticed they have a pool outside, so maybe it's my fault for coming during winter, otherwise I would've had a better night? Anyways, they closed off the outdoor area, causing the dance floor to be super packed. The bathroom situation was horrible - there are only 3 stalls. I was so close to getting a good show of a few girls getting into a cat-fight coz some girl cut through the line. Too bad that didn't happen.I was just glad that I ran into my friends and got to have a small reunion. Maybe I'll come back in the summer. The only super awesome thing about Surrender is that it's located in one of the best hotels - Encore.
1	We were a group of friends visiting Las Vegas and decided to celebrate our Christmas Eve night at the Surrender. While waiting in the line one of the girls in our group stepped out of the line momentarily and one of the guys followed her; the whole thing took two or three minutes but when they tried to come back to the line one of the staff (a very tall, white guy in suit) educated them that "people who just arrive need to go to the end of the line" I tried to explain they were already in the line and the staff told me to mind my business because he wasn't talking to me; a total stranger/bystander who might even been an employee tried to intervene but she was also hushed by the angry staff. These all wouldn't have felt as bad if the tall white guy  didn't have a horrible attitude and didn't come across so rude and judgmental. We called our friends who were heading there too and let them know what happened and we all headed to Haze Club instead. There were 15 of us total and just the cover charges  for the entrance would have totaled around a grand of revenue for the club.
3	Went here my first night in vegas. Me and my girl friends ended up getting free bottle service. Holllla. It's small. At least in the winter when you can't walk around the pool area. We saw Morgan page which was awesome but the dance floor was so packed. I feel like I wouldn't be able to handle it if we didn't have a table to sit at. Also there's only 3 bathroom stalls?! Whyyy. I'd love to come back and party here in the summer though. It's probably a lot more fun.
4	I'm a fan of all the clubs that are at the Wynn/Encore-- they just have a certain flair to them, of style and elegance, that other clubs seem to lack. And just like XS and Tryst, Surrender doesn't disappoint either. Called Surrender at night and Encore Beach Club during the day, which can be confusing at time. Surrender is primarily outdoors with a smaller indoor area where the DJ is usually set up. It gets crowded (like most clubs always do). But plenty of places to sit regardless if you have a table or not. 3 bars in all. and bathroom lines seem to always move at a nice place which is always nice for the ladies. Yup, I'd say I'm a fan. Especially during the summer when they have their night time pool party on Thursday nights. Way too much fun!
4	Our original plan was to go to Light at Mandalay Bay but it got bought out on Christmas Day so my promoter got us on the list for Surrender. I'm really glad he did. This club is super fun! The staff outside was also nice and let us wait to the side while our friends returned from the casino bathroom  to go in. We barely had to wait in line since we had wristbands thanks to my promoter and us ladies got free chamagne all night. Super nice bartnder kept giving me two at a time :D I thought it would be cheap stuff but it was really good. The DJ was playing good stuff and the dance floor was big enough for people not to be bumping into us. Altough the bathroom was tiny I don't think I ever had to wait in line. Aside for XS and Marquee, I think it's one of my favorite clubs!
3	Pe-ter Pan! Pe-ter Pan!Came here for my birthday/halloween last year to see Dada Life.  Thanks to Dave N. I also got hooked up with a private meet & greet with my favorite Swedes (see photo).  Besides having a blast with my friends in our group fairy tale costumes (yes, one was peter pan) this club really isn't a favorite of mine.  It just doesn't really have the wow factor of so many others.  Stick to pool parties EBC and Surrender the evenings to XS and the other end of the strip.Big bad wolf OUT
1	I came on the night of New Year's day, and to be honest, had my friend not shoved redbull vodkas at me all night, I would have had a terrible time. There were free drinks from 11PM - 12AM, but after that, drinks were outrageously priced. My friend paid $20 for a redbull vodka. At least the bartender was friendly, attentive, entertaining, AND fast. The coat check girl was nice too.The line in was slow moving. I was given free entry in (guest list and what not - which was emailed to me the day of, which was a little annoying), but my friend offered us table service, so we were in the table service line. The bouncers or security for the line were rude and ridiculously strict - they asked if we were locals and when we asked why that mattered, they responded tersely to just answer his question.Once we got in, it was so crowded in the main area where Diplo was performing that it was work to make sure I had enough room to stand and breathe. It didn't help that the area was filled with a bar, a line, and giant table service spots (many of which were empty past midnight), and even the people sitting in them looked bored. The bouncers were rude and pretentious. Oh the bouncers, there were so many of them! They took their jobs so seriously, to the point where I felt that the night club was like a business, and we were the unruly children. There were lounge spots in the pool area - MANY, and we weren't allowed on them. There was a line into the main area (where Diplo was performing), but then they released everyone when Diplo came on, just to create a mayhem of a crowd that crushed, squeezed, and bruised me. Why. WHY would you create a line and then just get rid of it? I would not have been so unhappy at Surrender had it not been for this incident that was the straw that broke the camel's back. A table service customer was drunk and had thought that maybe I would have liked to have a little 'fun' with him, which was evident with his attempts at grabbing my body in extremely inappropriate ways, but when I kept rejecting his advances, the bouncers removed ME from the table service area. I'm glad that the club will back you if you attempt severe sexual harassment, as long as you're loaded with money.The music was great (when is Diplo not great?), but other than that - drinks were overpriced, the venue was set up in the dumbest way possible (if the DJ wasn't someone awesome, then I guess it's not an issue) and overcrowded, and the bouncers were unbelievably pretentious. I think Surrender is too pretentious to see that they are part of a service industry and that partying there is not a privilege. In that case, I much prefer XS, where they treat you like an actual guest.
3	Posting this review because I was told it's worth being said. This is mainly to comment on my most recent visit with girl friends during the weekend of 12/20-12/22. I've been to Vegas six times now, and I definitely have had my experiences with clubs. I have been to Surrender three times, sometimes great and sometimes just okay depending on...1) how I am treated by staff, inside and outside of the club2) how good is the music i.e. how good is the DJ3) what open bar/free drink offers are givenI have always deferred to promoter MATT LOUNDS for my guest list needs, so it was great to have open bar (90 min) and bottle service (vodka & champagne) secured for that night. Always a pleasure working with him -- professional, attentive, and very nice guy. He definitely takes care of those on his list. However, I was not happy to be treated rudely during the ID check, before I am even admitted. Apparently, security guard MATTHEW has given people trouble before, and my group was unfortunately not an exception.As a petite Asian girl, I am usually profiled in Vegas, often suspected that I am trying to pass off a fake ID. By now, I have learned to just roll with it and even laugh about it. So it was to my pleasant surprise when security guard Matthew did not sternly ask me to smile, rattle off my birthday/street address/middle name etc, or pull up my Facebook profile on my phone (happened before at Surrender during another visit). As such, I thanked him for being the first to not do such a thing. I said it sincerely and genuinely. It really could not have been misunderstood. Yet he then became defensive on why they go through that sort of process. I didn't need a lecture; I understand why a thorough job is necessary. But he couldn't have thanked me and moved on? He also proceeded to be brusque with the rest of my group, which I didn't appreciate. If you're getting your ID checked by Matthew (burly and bald), watch out for him and know that he doesn't respond well to compliments or light-hearted commentary.The only reasons my night went from a bad night to a good night were:1) a very sweet blonde staff member/host (?) GARRETT, who took the time to explain how drinks and tables were working that night because I was getting mixed messages. I was so grateful and appreciative that I just had to give him a hug haha. I was really not in a good mood up until that point (especially after getting my foot stepped on harddd not five minutes into the club by another staff member who was in a rush to attend to something).2) Norman Doray and Adrian Lux killed it. Dance floor is admittedly small, but we stayed in our spot towards the front for most of the night so we were able to enjoy ourselves with great music, definitely happy by the end of it.//In summary, Surrender is a HIT or MISS. It depends on customer service from the staff, the music from the DJs, the drink offers, and the crowd itself. Obvious things to consider for any club, but I've had consistently good times at other clubs which my girls and I are more than happy to go to. If management wants to keep its venue filled -- have nice and respectful people working for you. Security guard Matthew lost major points with me on that. Promoter Matt Lounds, Jay, and Garrett were absolutely great. Keep treating us right, and we'll keep coming back.
5	5 stars for hooking it up on NYE sick like. We bought tickets for Diplo New Year's Eve and got to come back for free the next day New Year's Day for round 2. Also open bar both nights for a couple hours. The club is gorgeous and so spacious, you never feel crowded or claustrophobic like at most clubs, unless you're near the DJ but that's a given. You can dance and chill outside and the musics still bumpin. I love Hakkasan but I think ima have to give it to Surrender :-) Our experience was so fun, I forgot about the rude ushers tho =O
2	Meh... small.. not really my style.I prefer Marquee and Hakkasan
3	I came here on a Friday night when Dillion Francis DJ-ed. This was a packed night. There were definitely a lot of birthday princesses this night. I think I was hissed and pushed 10 times. Okay, okay... I know it's your birthday, make way for our queen! From what I remembered the DJ is right next to the entrance and the club extends in the back. I wish the Dj/Stage area was reversed because this causes a lot of traffic in the front, as well as little space for people to move around. Noting that the bathroom was also in the front, so the traffic jam makes girls angry and boys rowdy. This whole set up makes the entire club seem small. Looking at the photos the club is pretty big. There is patio area for the smokers and the folks who like to chillax. I had a good time minus the crazy crowd. Staff were stagnant and seems like they are waiting for their shift to be over with. Eh.. I don't blame them. I think the only reason we came here is because of the DJ. But I like the name of the club, surrender... seems like something you should do in Vegas. Surrender to all the fun! :P
4	Went here Saturday with a large group of 24 or so and bought a table for the night. When we got there, 6 guys were taken in by our host while the others were sent to the guestlist line under our name. After being told by our host that the 3 guys in line would be paying only $12 to get in, the guys were charged $37 at the door even though our host had told them (and the doormen) otherwise. Minus one star for that.The venue itself was nice and the lighting was a good touch without being too overpowering. The staff were very attentive and friendly and the environment was small enough to feel like we weren't getting lost in a massive sea of people but big enough where we weren't' all cramped together like sardines. The music was a good mix of EDM and hip hop, and the variety was welcomed over the many other clubs that play exclusively one or the other.Overall it was a pleasant experience and I would go back again.
3	Not a fan of the layout. The dance floor is extremely small. To get to the restrooms, you have to get through the dance floor, which is pretty much impossible when it's jam packed with bodies. Our promoter got the girls in for free and guys at $12 cover. Also not a bad deal that from 11-midnight, it was open bar for ladies.
4	Party of 21 people (9 guys, 12 girls).I got in contact with a host, and he said our best/cheapest way to acccomodate our large party and save money was to get bottle service.  If we got bottle ervice (even the cheapest option), everyone else would basically get in for free.We were told to get there before 10:30 and don't wait in line.  My party all didn't get there until about 10:45 and I contacted our host when we got there.  He took 6 out of the 9 guys to get in line with the bottle service, which means the other 3 guys and 12 girls would get in for free.  When the 6 guys got in line for table reservations, he told the rest of my party to get in the general line.  But he said to not wait in line, I was quite confused and kind of annoyed.The 6 guys including me were able to get in without any issues.  But then the issue started happening when the rest of my party was trying to enter.  By the time the rest of my party was entering, they were charging guys to enter.  Inititially they were telling them $12, but as it took longer to get in and later the night got the 3 guys in my party had to pay $37.  Not cool at all, especially if we were told everyone would have gotten in for free if we got a table reservation.  However, I do have to recognize that it might have been different if my party was actually on time.  I'll never know but it still sucks.Overall, I still had a great time.  Music was a great mix of EDM and Hip-hop which satisfied all of my friend's musical taste.  They put a tent that extends from the inside because it is winter.  You could still walk around the outside part if you'd like.  Our host was still nice and accomodating to the best of his ability.  Staff and bartenders were great even though it was packed for the MLK weekend.  Ladies got open bar until 12am, but it's only cranberry and vodka.  You ladies have to be a bit aggressive if you want your drinks.Ne-Yo started his residency the night we were there.  He was a great performer and did a mixture of everything from So Sick to Let Me Love You.
3	CES 2014, Adata party. Since I quit drinking, it was not worth for me to be there. probably, i'm not a party animal who did not fit in this kind of environment? Oh, the dancers were good to watch.
4	Nice venue indoors and outdoors, drink prices are on the high side as expected of a club inside Encore . The servise is excellent and the pole dancer go go dancers are a plus.
3	Good staff working the venu. The process of getting into the club was relatively smooth.  Beautiful venue with great waitresses.  Music wasn't the greatest but energy was good. If you like EDM this is one of the top clubs behind Light Nightclub
5	Pittaya Lisawasd was my promoter and he did a great job taking care of me and my friend. He walked us in without waiting in line, brought us to a table at great location with tons of free drinks. Total VIP experience and we didn't cost a penny. We will def come back again. Club itself was very nice. I like it better than marquee(dark and dancefloor is smelly w tons of people sweating due to the crowding) or xs(people who work there are kinda snobby) overall my fav club in Vegas hands down! Thanks Pittaya for the great experience.
1	The bouncers here are so power hungry. They do what they want and don't give a flying eff about what you have to say.I pointed at one of the dancers with my pointer finger and accidentally touched her when she swinged around. It was not a grope. It was not a slap. The tip of my finger literally tapped her leg. A bouncer immediately escorted me out of the club just as the main performer got on stage. I was confused at first so I followed him out. When I got out he told me the dancer supposedly said I was making her feel uncomfortable. I am a 5 ft 0 in short Asian GIRL. It was an accident and there was barely any contact. The bouncer said she could press charges for assault. ASSAULT? Are you kidding me? You make 10 times more contact with people just by walking through a crowd! I understand they have to protect their dancers, but the frustrating part was that they didn't give a poop about what I had to say. I was keeping my cool, just asking what I did wrong and when I realized everything I said was going in one ear and out the other, I gave up. I asked calmly if I could just wait for my friends to come out. They threatened that if I didn't leave immediately, they would call security to escort me out. I asked again if I could just sit to the side and wait. They said no and called security. I guess an upset looking girl is bad for business. Once I was outside they told me to get off their private property. I couldn't take a taxi because my friends had all my money. I told them I had no where to go since they wouldn't let me wait for my friends and if they wanted me to leave they would have to pay for my taxi. They told me no, threatened me some more, and told me to walk 5 miles to my hotel. Luckily my friends came out as I started to walk home and we all left together. I will never go to this club ever again. I am not so much upset about getting kicked out. It is their attitude that pisses me off. All I wanted to do was to wait for my friends. They would rather send a girl to walk home at 1 am all by herself than to just let her wait in the casino? I don't see them telling me to get off private property earlier that day when I came there to spend my money. Or how about the thousands of people who go in and out of their casino everyday? I was just going to sit there and wait. What's the big deal? You're a security guard ok, not secret service. Get off your high horse.
1	Every drink is overpriced.Employee are very mean and RUDE, the waitress spilled drink on me and after she yelled at me and told me to get out from the club because she works there. I will NEVER EVER come back to that EVEL place!
1	So I finally made it out here last night and I would say the artist (Diplo) was AMAZING but the establishment has a lot to work on. Not planning on going back  again.PRO: -free champagne for for ladies with a wristband from 11-12.-bartenderd were niceCONS: - kept continuously changing the guys guest list price- setup is literally around encore beach club with the pool area separating the room with the main stage and bar area which is just awkard- tooooooooo packed. The room with the stage is like a thing long hall with a few dancers posted on poles. The group we went with couldn't handle the pushes and shoves and complete lack of space and left the dance floor soon after we go there. There was constant shoving and elbows. I'm used to crowds so I stuck it out for diplo but they all were very dissapointed- staff was rude and unhelpful. Rather than helping people who were being pushed they literally kicked a girl out for standing her ground
4	I was here with my boyfriend to see Diplo on Friday. Typical Vegas nightclub, girls free, guys pay cover deal. Ladies, if you are with a group of girls please get on a guestlist with a promoter. There's no reason to pay or buy presale tickets seriously.Anyhow, the club was pretty cool I liked the layout. Since it was kind of drizzling out all day no one was really outside so I didn't hang out there much. Drinks are super expensive, duh. Like 36 bucks for two vodka sodas expensive. Diplo wasn't as good as I expected. Being the veteran edm fan that I am I was let down by his set. If you get there early to see the main DJ just know that they rarely go on before 1am. I believe Diplo started at 1:30. Good times!
5	Loved this place.It was more relaxed and less crowded than some of the other Vegas clubs, even with Lil Jon in charge of the music (seriously). OKKKKKKAY!  There's a dance floor, tables, and paid dancers, with the mix of people you'd expect. It's no more overpriced than the other clubs in Vegas, and at least we didn't have to listen to electronica the entire time we were there.I must have fit in the common demographic, because the club was prestigious enough to make me notice but not stuffy enough to make you care.One note:  the logo outside the club with the apple is incredibly lame and ridiculously cheezy, but it's a whole nother ball game inside.As Lil Jon said: "YEAAAAAAAAA".
3	surrender respect for yourself upon walking in to this place. I'm a huge fan of xs at encore. I love that encore beach club is right behind the DJ booth. This is why I was a little surprised when I walked into surrender. I didn't realize it was an inside/ outside venue as well.We had originally been led to believe we were meeting with some friends who had a table but upon entering without local ids we actually had to pay a cover. The only reason I was ok with this is because DIPLO performed. I can not believe how close we ended up to the stage. It was nice to see another DJ (paper diamond) whom I had seen a few years back too. Kind of surprised diplo didn't go on til two on a wed but happy we made it out there and obviously it's always a late night in Vegas. Definitely happy I checked this place out but prefer xs none the less. The scene at surrender made me feel like an old lady specifically because of all the under age young boys. Come here ONLY if you're looking for a young crowd, lines upon entry, & resident DJ diplo ;)
3	Bottom line: Ehh. Music was decent, loved the indoor/outdoor atmosphere, staff was friendly, and the line moved quickly. However, our table was sold before we got in, too many early 20-ers, and the event said free champagne and vodka. No vodka and really bad champagne. I probably won't go back bc frankly, it's just not my scene. But it's not the worst club in Vegas.
5	I've been to this club probably 7 times and each time I have a great time. It's a professionally managed nightlife establishment and you can tell the difference. The bouncers are respectful and maintain a professional demeanor. The space is beautifully designed and I love how you can be indoors or outdoors depending on your mood. While Surrender is no longer the latest and greatest of the clubs in vegas, especially since Calvin Harris and Steve Aoki moved their residencies to Hakkasan, it is still a very relevant piece of vegas nightlife. We went here to see Neyo perform this weekend and it was top notch. The line moves quickly and there is no drama.The space is equally fun for Encore Beach Club but that's another review.
1	Worst experience ever. I've came here once in November for porter Robinson, amazing experience; his dj set, the crowd, the (free) drinks, all of it. I went last weekend for my friends 22nd birthday and before even reaching the guest list line my group paused so everyone could catch up and the security guard approached me and asked only me for an id, this isn't unusual I have a baby face. Upon giving him my id he asks for anything else with my name on it to prove I am who I am. I offered both my credit card, debit card and university id with photo and he confiscated all of them and threatened me that if I was lying that it's considered fraud and called his supervisor for a second opinion. Shocked and annoyed I tried to offer even my AAA card and costco card (another photo id) and he snickered he didn't need them. My friend was confused and tried asking what was the problem and they told him to step away. Both security guards ( Derrick I believe was one of their names) kept arguing that it wasn't me and that they want to call the cops because they're absolutely certain it's not me. And I told them to call the cops but they didn't and when we asked them to they denied and  told me it's my problem and to contact them myself. My friend called the cops for me since I didn't have my phone on me and was trying to relieve the situation and was being polite to the security officers but were beyond rude to him and I. The whole charade lasted almost an hour, I started crying out of frustration and from being treated beyond rude. When the cops came they asked for my social number and verified my information. Police officer approached me and said "hey so everything checks out but they have the right to refuse service and aren't letting you guys in the club".My other friends who got in the club insist they were racist, because (not to be conceited) generally in Vegas you don't deny a girl let alone a cute one club entry. And the fact that they're white and bald (the skinhead stereotype) and I am African American is suspicious. All in all watch out for two chubby bald white guys they will ruin your night.The fact that we were even staying at encore was appalling, way to treat your guests!
3	Surrender is much smaller in the wintertime since they close off the outdoor area. Personally, I think it's more fun in the summertime. There's pole dancers everywhere, and gets pretty crowded especially when there's a headlining DJ.
3	$22 for a drink....22 for a drinkI think it's better than most clubs but don't pay more than 20 for all these club trash cause all youl be greeted with is douchebag and trash...  and Jerry bouncers. Stay away ..do something else   if you have to club then I guess go here
4	I adore this club. That's all I have to say. Probably one of my favorites in Las Vegas, as far as a beach club goes. The venue is pretty big and the pool is sectioned off into two parts with a walkway between them. There are plenty of places to sit on the various plants that they have around the sides of the pool and there are multiple bars, which make alcohol access easy. The sound from the DJ playing carries pretty well across the venue so that's not a big problem. The only beef with this place is once again the small dance floor. I guess I've been spoiled with other dance floors, because it just seems so tiny. I have also noticed that the people that come to this place are a fun bunch. I've had better experiences with people here then at almost any other nightclub in Vegas. It it definitely worth checking out if you are in the area. Especially if it's summer and a DJ you like is playing. Swimming AND listening to techno is probably the best thing ever. Get there a little early though, since it tends to get packed on the weekend, as do all nightclubs. Also, as per usual, girls are less expensive to get in then men. Yay for Vegas norms. The club itself is beautiful. There are many things to gawk at while you are walking around drinking your drink and there is a hot tub in case you don't feel like dipping into the pool. Who cares if you have to share it, it's a hot tub! They also have seats that you can reserve in a shallow part of the water, in case you feel like boozing in the pool. One more fun thing that they do is have a variety of pool toys (ei, beach balls) floating around to play with. That made me happy. I didn't drink when I went there, because all clubs are horribly overpriced.
4	I really like the layout of this club in comparison to your 'cookie cutter' / 'pitch black room' club. Not only is the presentation on point but the cleanliness is a huge plus. The cabanas are pretty cool also. It's essentially a big house party and the cabanas are separate rooms. In addition to that, the casino tables next to the bar are not only convenient but they definitely set the atmosphere to something more vegas-esque rather than a dark sweaty rave which I could just find back home in LA. In addition the lit pools and extremely talented pole dancers are a nice touch to add to the ambience of a Vegas night club.Although this place goes above and beyond the normal definition of a night club, the prices for drinks are absurd!! I paid $32 for a shot of Hennessy and a cranberry vodka, I understand the idea of supply and demand, but I'm better off spending $30 on a bottle of Hennessy and drinking before I enter the club, which entirely takes away from the experience of buying drinks in Vegas. I would definitely come back any night if I'm already intoxicated. Aside from that, the $12 cover was worth the environment in itself.
4	Surrender was actually the best club I been to in a while in Vegas but thats mainly because they had Lil Jon on the 1s and 2's.  However, before Lil Jon played the resident DJ represented playing 80%hip hop which is what Vegas is missing.  The people actually danced in the club under the big DJ booth.I was staying at the Encore so I paid for the tickets prior to the evening at the concierge. It was pricey but we walked passed everyone wright into the club at about 11:15.  Surrender has lots of tables and booths.  Its spacious when they open up the Encore Beach Club section as it was when I was there2 big barsblackjack tables that you need to stay away fromThe drinks are expensive but they had ins and outs....so we went right back to the room to get crunk and came back to party it up
4	Very spacious club and the music was awesome! They play a lot of hip hop which was a nice break from the EDM music that's played in all the other clubs. They have two bars here which get super packed, the bartenders are kind of slow, but whatever. Overall good experience and friendly staff.
3	This club is pretty open in that there's a lot of outdoor space.  Great DJs come by to play..but IDK..I never get a good vibe here. As in, the crowd doesn't really get me pumped up or anything.
1	Went to Surrender a week and a half ago for my sister's 21st birthday. While we were at the pool during the day we met a Surrender host named Jason Kim. He offered to put us on his list. Since I'd previously had a positive experience at Surrender our group thought it would be fun. The hour we wasted there was anything but. Showed up at 10:30 as we were told to. Jason wasn't there yet. He turned up a few minutes later, slapped some wrist bands on us, and left us in line. At 11 they parade the horde of women all the hosts have collected into the club. We realized Jason had completely forgotten about our group and tried and failed to get his attention. When the horde of women gets into the club hosts assign their groups places to sit and free drinks are brought to them. Since Jason forgot about us we got nothing. We had to ask for other hosts help to even track Jason down. When we finally found him and pointed out that he'd forgotten about us he was just like "oh right. My bad. I don't have anymore tables left so why don't you girls go ask one of the other tables to scoot over and share with you"... No one in our group is the type to get into a fight with another group of women over a place to sit and some fruity punch. I don't think this normally would be a big deal, but since it was actually my sister's 21st birthday that night I feel like we shouldn't have been forgotten about and treated so poorly. A lot of the other hosts seemed great and were sitting with their girls. Jason was busy ignoring all of his groups so moral of the story: If you want to have a good time at Surrender, steer clear of Jason Kim. What a disappointment. Oh and don't get me wrong the night wasn't disappointing just because of Jason. Club was filled with a lot of middle aged people and no one was dancing. We didn't stay for long.
4	We were in Vegas for a bachelorette party and came here on a Friday night around 11pm, which is early in Vegas. One of the girls had talked to a promoter earlier in the night to put us on the guest list, which is also very common in Vegas (well known fact that girls don't pay for cover in Vegas). The club is half indoors (dance floor area) and half outdoors (where you are surrounded by palm trees, cabana-type tables and a gorgeous pool). At night, you aren't allowed to go into the pool but it's nice to be outside. For some reason, it wasn't that crowded on a Friday night, which I personally liked. The crowd was okay...somewhat on the older side but still fun.
5	Any time, I'm in Vegas, I also like to hit up Surrender Nightclub.  I've never had any issues going in.  Their setup and decor is wonderful.  You look up, there is no roof it is all open and you can see the stars!  I especially looooove their Cabanas bc it feels very homey.  We have our own Private Pool, Couches, TV, Patio with the view of Las Vegas Blvd, our very own bar and Bathrooms (Full Baths!), as well as our own Security--who are always wonderful, by the way!  Their music is always great and their mgrs are always so helpful I still yet to try their daytime Pool Party, which I'm sure is lovely!
3	A fairly typical nightclub, the fun you have really depends on the music. The crowd was dressed up like they usually are and everything was expensive like it usually is...I think one of the differences with this space is that most of it is actually outdoors.  While you can't be in the "pool" area for a swim, it is nice to have the availability of fresh air.
4	Im a local so the night clubs ( no matter how grand ) is not really my scene. This one did not feel like a club because of the open spaces & nice pool ambiance in the middle. The area where there is loud music, dancing & people squeezing thru & exchanging sweat glands is separate but we still hung out.The beat was great & we found a nice spot in the corner at the very end where people were suppose to stand and dance- we used it as our table top.. I would come back because this did not feel like a club, theres a lot of areas for conversation still.. Spot for table games & lots of restrooms. Bar tenders were very attentive, lots of people cleaning ( this should b no surprise.. the drinks were over priced .. Get ready fr $8 water bottles ).. They should have at least provided courtesy ice water specially if u spent so much on alcohol.I would come back though, this is one of the better clubs in town.
4	Great Venue | Big DJs $$I've been to a few clubs in San Francisco, San Jose, and bar hopped/danced in downtown San Luis Obispo. This was my first time experiencing a Vegas club, and it really wasn't that bad at all. The venue itself is absolutely gorgeous, which I would expect since it is Vegas. Both indoor and outdoor, but the time I went didn't allow people to use the pool at night. (This is May) The lights and decor were great and it was pretty spacious, but when there's a lot of people, it gets packed fast. People tend to roll in around 10:30 - 12am. I went to see Morgan Page, but he was considered the guest to headliner Ryan Lewis. So, I went thinking that Morgan Page was performing first as opener... NOPE. Heard the opener (someone else) for a good 1 - 2 hours. He was okay, nothing special, and his set started off playing more electronic/trance beats and then gradually went into some hip-hop mixes. Ryan Lewis came on around 1am and at this point I was not feelin' it. Didn't care for him. WE LEFT. And I was so bummed that I would have to wait for Morgan Page to come on around 2:30 or later in the morning.... (We didn't want to stick around for the entire night because we drove 10 hours earlier to Vegas and we had to get up early the next morning to be in the hot sun climbing rocks outside...)We didn't order any drinks, so I was pretty sober the entire night. Just wanted to see Morgan Page. It was quite interesting to observe people at the club though. Best way to put it: everyone is dressing to impress, which reminds me of those birds on National Geographic dancing to attract attention / a potential mate. hah!Overall, excellent venue apart from my experience.
2	Maybe I'm just too damn old for this stuff. The music was only meh, even with a famous DJ. The crowd was sketchy.  I thought that people danced at clubs still, but there was very little dancing going on when I went there. Mostly it was a bunch of pretentious people trying to look rich and bored. It looked like most of the crowd just squished past each other to get from one end of the club to the other and then back again. It felt really silly. I kind of like the open air part, especially because I'm sensitive to smoke. The drinks were so, so weak and so, so expensive. The bartender didn't even know how to make a standard, common drink and my friend and I had to tell him how to make it. That was strange.Even if this is supposed to be one of the hot clubs, I likely won't go back. Being on the guest list didn't even talk me into it.
4	1st I'd like to say I wouldn't go back to this club, but I'm giving it 4 stars because the guys out front saved our night in so many ways. 1st, whist walking around on the strip me and the 4 ladies I was with fell for a scam and gave some dude 30 bucks a piece for wrist bands to get in this club. Yeeeeaaaa, we're complete idiots. Total, absolute, are you retarded? why yes, yes we are-retarded. When we got to the club all unsuspecting, well, 95% unsuspecting, the guys up front sympathetically confirmed our idiocy, and told us cover would be 32 bucks each. 5 pouty faces and 10 eyelash batts later, they let us in free of charge. Wahoo! Thanks, guys. Now, I didn't care much for the club itself. I found it to be too loud. I asked for a margarita at the packed bar, and the employee shook her head no and said who knows what to me. Fine. Vodka red bull? Another head shake, Charlie Brown's teacher combo. I just stared at her and the wall of assorted liquor behind her, shrugged my shoulders and walked off drinkless. I'm still so confused. Akon was the main attraction the evening we went, but I swear by the time he finally came on he whined, like, 4 songs and then took off with his bags of money. Ah well- Worst. Voice. Ever.Back to the staff. Avalon-if you see this-you are a fricken saint. A SAINT! Long story short, one of our ladies had an easier time than I did getting drinks apparently. We were having a hell of a time getting her outta the club by ourselves when Avalon stepped in and helped us out. Straight helped me lug my friend out of the casino and into his personal car where, omg I still feel horrible about this, there may or may not have been some vomit involved :/ awful awful terrible. Avalon, there are no words to express how above and beyond you went. Surrender is lucky to have you as an employee to say the very least.
4	One of the better night clubs I've been to in vegas! The dj rocks!  I loved the music. Drinks were fine, but pricey. It's a kind of classier club, which was still fun but there's a few snobby people.
5	This is probably my favorite club by far. Since the first time I've been here I've always enjoyed myself. It's a pretty laid back kind of club. It's not as strict as other places like Hakkasan or Marquee when it comes to wardrobe. During the summer Surrender becomes Encore beach club and they have "Night Swims" which is pretty cool. You can come in swim attire so that means guys can be in flip flops and swim trunks. My latest visit it was my best friends birthday so we had a whole cabana to ourselves. They brought out Ciroc Peach, favorite. They also brought out 4 pitchers of mixed drinks which were fantastically delicious. But beware they creep. The staff came by continuously though out the night to check on us. Even brought a bucket of water bottles to sober us up. Awesome club. All tourists must come here.
1	Surrender is def not my favorite nightclub. I love the actual venue, during the day it is the best day club in Vegas; Encore Beach Club. During the day the staff is super friendly, assertive, and professional. However, at night somehow this exact venue turns into a messy and disgruntled environment with big shot rude employees. The night I tried to go we were on a Guest List for Zedd, Sat June 20th. My group consisted of three girls and two guys, we were waiting in the guest list line and got kicked out simply because they did not like us. Josh E. was the worker who insisted we get out of line and said "You can leave, you're done for the night". I assume it was because we had two guys with us....because I have never been treated like that before BY ANYONE. Any man in the right mind would let a girl in high sexy black heels and a tight mini dress into their club...so what was the problem here Josh? With Clubs like XS and Hakkasan...there is really no need for places or attitudes like this. I would suggest if you are looking for a great night in Vegas and do not want to waste your time( no matter who the DJ is) do not go here!!!! I love the Wynn and Encore but this club is a disgrace to the company. Out of all the options for nightlife in Vegas, the managers of this establishment or the Wynn/Encore should seriously crack down on their staff because they are the face of Surrender. I get that there are usually a lot of people that act out of control in Vegas and Security needs to be tough, but your managers and other employees need to have their act together in order to run this business efficiently. Very dissatisfied.
1	Lame. Just saying
1	Weak!!!!!Even though I was on the guest list they still charged me $45 to see lil Jon. Long story short. His set was super weak, the stereo is super weak, and the overall hospitality is great if you want to be treated like a piece of shit. Even if your a well dressed gentleman with some girls your still dirt in the eyes of the scumbag security fucktards. I got to a lot of shows and this was about as weak as it gets. Wow Vegas. Not impressed. Next time I won't "Surrender" to the bullshit this club has to offer.
2	I'm feeling a bit generous with this two star review. Both stars are basically for the fun layout and beautiful look of this club and the fact that we had a limited open bar until midnight. I've been to Encore Beach Club over half a dozen times and the staff has always been helpful and polite; apparently the same cannot be said for the night time hours when the space becomes Surrender. Took a group of seven girls here for a bachelorette and we were pretty poorly treated. After a night of being treated like royalty at Drai's, I left at like 11:30 because I was just tired of being treated like trash. A few tips- have the female host checking the guest list to make eye contact and not ignore large all girl groups (that's what you wanted in here), have your security not treat well behaved women like criminals, and have all your bartenders be consistent and helpful. You are NOT the nicest club in town anymore, Surrender. Maybe work for it a bit more.
4	Surrender I like the venue, did not take as long to get in as XS. Much more chilly feel because of all the pool since it is Encore Beach Club during the day. I hate the fact there's a line to get into the dance floor and its more secluded, however there is an area that is a little seperate from the dance floor where you can still get your groove on. There are tables on the inside. Too bad I didnt get to stay long, left before the main DJ even went on T.T sigh.I like the tables on the inside!
4	Came by on a Saturday evening with Madeon as the headlining DJ. Surrender is like the little brother to the larger XS at the Encore. There is a small indoor section, with a small dancefloor, a bar, and plenty of large VIP tables. There are more tables outdoors by the pool area and another bar at the far end of the outdoor section. To my knowledge, the pool area is Encore Beach Club during the day.I reached out to Anthony K., a VIP Host, a week in advance for quotes on a 2-bottle minimum table. He was upfront and to-the-point regarding pricing and table locations, unlike other VIP Hosts I have reached out to at other venues.Per Anthony's recommendation, my group arrived at 10:30 pm at the Table Reservations line and was promptly greeted by Anthony. My group was escorted to our table immediately. The table location was ideal, right by the entrance from the indoor to outdoor section of the club, with plenty of (female) foot traffic. Our table was cordoned off by stanchions to discourage randoms from sitting down.I felt like the ambiance at the more expensive tables inside would be too loud and deter conversation. Another VIP host did come by my table trying to upsell us for an inside table for a $100-200 handshake, claiming that the inside table goes for $4000...We were greeted by a host and hostess that served us for the entire evening and was handed a drink menu. $550 per bottle of Grey Goose! Throughout the night, the hosts and hostess refilled our mixers and ice bucket and poured us drinks.Definitely an excellent (once in a lifetime) experience, that could arguably be worth the hefty premium to general admission prices.
1	Worst bar ever. If you want to be discriminated against and have horrible service come here. I honestly almost got my CA driver's license taken away because some idiot bouncer didn't think it was me.  This is place fell flat on it's face after that. On a Saturday it wasn't full.  So if you're looking for a crazy club in Vegas this is not it.
5	I had THE best time here! We came on a Saturday for a Bachelorette party. It was pretty slow the dance floor was bare - but free vodka drinks or champagne for the ladies so we stayed! I am SO glad we did because around 1:00 RYAN LEWIS came out. Obviously most people probably knew about this - but it came as a total surprise to me because I didn't know we were going here.He killed it. One of the best experiences I've ever had. Free drinks + Confetti Cannon + Ryan Lewis = amazing night! Thanks Surrender for all the great memories!
5	August 2, 2013Love love Vegas! Clubbing with the bride to be for her bachelorette and had an amazing time. Now, I don't know how it happened but it is always us girls who end up starting something. If it's not us pole dancing, then it's us diving into the water with out clubbing dresses on. Yes, we somehow ended up swimming in the water with out nice clubbing attire on...give or take shoes off. Drinks here are strong and does the job. Music was great and people were fun to be around. I guess security isn't so strict here, since we got into the water. Lol
3	GIve in and bite the apple...Gaze upon the serenity of a shallow pool surrounded by well-dressed hopefuls, looking for that certain degree of pleasure, whether it's mingling with beautiful tryst teasers, staying hydrated with premium spirits, rolling a soft eight or flowing into a downward spiral on the exclusive dance floor. The shallow pool gives these hopefuls an epiphany that you can never get deep enough at Surrender. Once thriving with top resident DJs, the music now only seems like oldies-but-goodies, though it doesn't cease the booty-flailing hedonism sardined onto the petite dance floor. Rows of cabanas hold reservations for dust, crickets and cobwebs, while velvet ropes fence out the emptiness beyond.Surrender has gorgeous scenery, in design and attendance, but competition is abundant throughout Las Vegas and ideas of opportunity are shrinking. With the right minds, Surrender could return to its previous splendor and create that thriving ambiance that we miss. Of course, you can always reserve a famous DJ to 'fill in the seats'.
3	Dang, a week too early for Macklemore! Arrived on a Friday night for a bachelorette party weekend and caught DJ Snake, had VIP guest list and a table out by the pool area (local friend knew a promoter). Free drinks for the ladies 11:30p-12:30a, and two pitchers at the table, strong drinks. The bar toward the back of the poolside area was also easily accessible compared to the crowded bar by the dance floor in the club.
1	First of all if I could I would give this place negative stars. Worst place ever, I love house music but the people who go here are low class and dirty. Enough said no words can describe how disgusted I am. I would rather go to a Vegas bar then go to this club.
1	My friends and I came here for Macklemore and Ryan Lewis on September 13th.  We bought the tickets online, and admission was like any other Vegas club, ie. you will get treated with more respect if you're a group of girls.  Long story short, the show was pretty great, but afterwards I lost track of my friend.  I looked around the club to no avail, and went towards the door to peer out into the casino, where he might have been.  Not seeing him, I opened the door for some people going out, and was asked to step outside as well.  I obliged and then returned not more than 10 feet away to the entrance, where the same employee denied me reentry.  I asked why, as I was clearly on the way back in, and never would have exited if he had not asked me.  He was very rude, did not look me in the eye, but I explained my situation.  The entire time before, I was on the phone with my inebriated friend, who could not explain to me accurately where he was so we could leave.  I hung up to talk to this employee, and he continued being rude, and avoiding eye contact.  I glanced at his name tag: Dan.  I pulled out my military ID to establish some trust and maybe a little respect, so he knew I wasn't just trying to get in with a made up story.  He finally looked me in the eye and said "bro, that's shameful, you pulling out your military ID is a disgrace."  I could not believe it, and was too flabbergasted to speak to this man again.  Luckily, another female employee was at the door and she very kindly let me in a moment later, overhearing the whole conversation.  I returned not more than 5 minutes later and my friend was outside.  I took him to the main desk of the hotel, and filled out a comment card, which they said was rushed to management every few days and almost all complaints get a response.  I filled out as much as I could on the little card, with my phone number and email.  I have not heard from them yet almost 2 weeks later.  Needless to say, I'm sure a little review on Yelp won't do much to a big name Vegas club, but I will not be bringing any more of my "shameless"ly earned money back.  I hope this influences a few people to do the same.Update: They did send a post card to my address a week or so later, but it was canned, and not specific to my situation.  I would like to know what exactly happened to this employee or his management.
4	Finally got to check out Surrender this Summer. I dont know why I never went here before but our plans & table reservations whenever in town always took us to a different venue. We had a friend who knew someone at the door so we paid just to tip the host for comping our cover. It was about 1am when we got there on a Saturday night. Most of the party goers where already inside living it up. There wasnt much of a line out front. We walked in to the club via the side entrance and my first glimpse of Surrender was a nice one. Beautiful outdoor pools, packed dance floor, several bars to choose from and even some gaming tables by the big bar across the pool from the dance floor.Although we didn't know it at first step inside but Diplo was the DJ for the night. That explains the big crowd and why the dance floor was so packed. He played good music. Of course it was all edm and the crowd was loving it. He def gets the crowd involved so I'm sure everyone was having a good time. Actually the entire club looked like it was happening, so props to Surrender. It's a nice looking club. Ratio of girls to guys was better than a lot of clubs I've been to in Vegas. So definitely good for us guys to know... ha! Hope to check it out again next time I'm in town. Would love to see DJ Vice or DJ Skratchy provide the soundtrack there one night.
4	When in Vegas you do things that you do not say and the things your friends shall not repeat!  So lets say you are at a convention and having drinks when one of the guys tells you he has a cabana reserved at a nightclub called Surrender?  You look around and notice you are 10 guys, but you shrug your shoulders and hop in a limo to the Encore Hotel.You then get there and find Bobby.  You tell Bobby that you reserved a cabana , give him a credit card and get your ID out to prove that you are twice the age limit which means you will be twice as fun.  The guy looks at you but does not think it is funny!  But as you whiz past the club hopefuls, you take note of everyone in the harsh lighting as you don't want to regret things later. As you enter the club they brand you with the "over 40" stamp and walk past the inside club which is dark and out into the shallow pool area which in the dream that I had is littered with young sirens in short dresses on lily pad like tables. It is a stadium-like atmosphere with tables and loungers around the pool and 2 floors of cabanas along the rim. For your money you will be happy to be outside with the big money players who are hoping to get played or to play you.  Fortunately this is only a dream and doesn't happen in real life. You get escorted to your cabana and your exotic cabana beauty named Shelley who is made up of what seems like 10 different ethnic backgrounds squeezed into a size zero dress  and 5 inch heels starts pouring drinks.  Remember that you are with 10 guys and the testosterone levels are raging.  Fortunately for Shelley there are scantily clad women lounging all around the cabana waiting for you to invite them over to drink your booze.  You watch as your friends somehow convince them to enter your den of wolves and look foolish.  Remember,  you took mental photos outside.  Suddenly, like the movies, everything turns to slo-mo as cool people enter the cabana next door and start displaying the cool dance moves you once had before you had that accident where you damaged both your knees trying to ascend Everest for the 100th time.  The women look amazing and one of the guys invites you over and introduces himself.  He knows you are a baller as you shelled out dough to attract cabana babes.  He looks over your 10 homies and asks where the girls are.  You lie and tell him you are celebrating "Ethan's Freedom and Divorce".  You find out your new friend is from another club and he and "his girls" are VIP hosts and hostesses. And now the females come and introduce themselves and tell you they'd like to see you at their club!  They take some selfies with you and now you see your buddies gazing over.  The myth has now begun and you are a Vegas God for future stories. Lol!The rest of the night is a blur.  You wake in the morning alone with no chickens or tigers in your room and a full set of teeth. You do have a stamp on your hand and a mouth full of cotton balls though.  Yep, it didn't happen like that.  Those pictures on your phone are fake.  It never happened and nobody will ever know.
5	A great way to start off my Vegas trip was coming here on my first night. Came here to see diplo play his set and he did indeed turn it out. Come here and it is largely party/edm music played here (along with the high end theatrics). Got to be in VIP, which was beautiful and nothing but pools and cabanas surrounding you (although if you want that bottle and table, be prepare to come out of $500 minimum). Dress code, high drinks, and beautiful model chicks are also the story of this place. An overall good time and great party place.
1	What can I say about Surrender. One of the worst club I have been to. The setting of the club sucks. Small dance floor I mean small. One bar in the back of the club. That has only 3 or 4 bartender try to make drinks for hundreds of people. Imagine the wait. The other bar was in the front near the Dj where it was blocked off for I don't know what. The service was horrible.On the other hand I would like thank Dilpo you killed it!!! Great set!Sorry Surrender never again!
2	The club itself is nice.  We ate at Andreas which was amazing, then bought VIP tickets to club.  Didn't need to do that so was given incorrect info by concierge at Wynn Towers, great.Went as a couple and there was no where to sit, unless we spent $600 on bottle service.  Uh that is great if your a large group.  We bought drinks $37 for 2 and then were told we couldn't stand next to the dance floor.  We were told we couldn't stand at the bar, uh where would you like us?Music was good but if your not in a large group this is not your place.  This was the first night of our honeymoon and it was upsetting.  We were so disappointed we just went back to our room.  There are way better, more friendly experiences and I only chose this as we were staying in the tower suites and it was convenient.
1	I went to Surrender this weekend to see one of my favorite DJs- that was a mistake.This club cares more about getting as much people through the door than customer service and the customer experience. The staff wasn't helpful at all, especially the security after I was inappropriately grabbed. I don't care who is performing at Surrender in the future- I will not be back and I will tell everyone I know not to attend a show there.
1	Never coming back. If you're here for the music or DJ, don't even bother. Long lines to get in. Crowded. Slow bartenders. Its not enclosed so the music sounds TERRIBLE and the bass is nonexistent. No room to move or dance. Bouncers wanted to change us extra $$ to get into the front area even though people were leaving and there was plenty of space. What's the point of seeing a good DJ like Diplo if the music quality and atmosphere sucks?Edit: there was a line of men in suits blocking you from getting into the front bar area. Unless you handed them money. Doesn't matter if they were security or hosts or whatever.
3	If you are at the middle of the strip or at the other end by the Luxor ---this walk is FAr!!! So take a cab! The hubby and I wandered over to the Wynn during our night out in the city and we were added to this guest list. My connection for the guest list was nice but one of the door checker people was a RUde ass! If you are not on the guest list the wait for this place can be long, good thing we were on the list so we proceeded to the guest list line. A courteous group in front of me and the hubby were waiting for their confirmation so they were generous enough to allow us to go before them. The guy checking people in questioned me as to why we cut line --like I was in 5th grade or some crap! I was like wtf is this elementary school? After his tired speech about cutting line like he was the principal--I explained to his slow self that the group let us go and the group also had to explain to him that they did let us cut. Finally after we got through the  dummy who controlled the list and we went in ! This is a huge club!! You walk in and it's a grand hall area that leads you to the rest of the club. After passing this big area or room you come to the remainder of the club which is set up over 3 pools and has 2 stories of balconies with people partying from above and many vip areas. It's like one of those clubs you see on tv. There was a really large crowd I mean it was a cool and large club to see in the Vegas area but the hubby and I didn't stay long. I guess the guest list checker made me mad and it was really crowded and not a place to chill or sit. I will go back but they need to check their front door people.
1	This club was not like the other two that we visited while in Vegas. This was the last stop on our club party bus crawl. The music sucked, the crowd was dead. Overall, awful, terrible, no good time was had by anyone in my party. I will not come back. Sorry.
4	So Surrender is more like a 3.5, but I'll round up since I love the pool area outside with its couches and cabanas! It's gorgeous -- looks like a beach, and it's a great escape when the dance floor is getting too stuffy.The line took a little longer than I expected given how few people were in line (and also in the club!), and prices weren't too bad. Turns out Surrender's inner dance floor isn't too spacious though. It can be hard to get to (and out of!), as the place is a long rectangular room, not unlike a hallway bounded on each side by tables. However, it was pretty easy for me to slowly move up until I got to the very front.There's a parallel long walkway for the bar, and I didn't have a problem getting my drinks. However, security is very uptight about you leaving as soon as you get your drink... I don't know why we're not allowed to loiter when there's enough space for everyone, but they got extremely pushy. Also, the drinks at the bar were super watery -- my Midori sour tasted like juice! I'm probably also biased because I had my first legal drink here... I think.
5	I just wanna say SURRENDER IS AMAZING!!! I went here twice, first time was when it was Diplo's 2nd annual Twerksgiving and the second time was Battletrack night which was Hip Hop vs Trap. The only club I can appreciate because they play Hip Hop and the layout is very spacious/relaxing. You don't even have to worry about enjoying cause once you get inside everyone is already Turnt up unlike other clubs you got to wait 1-2 hrs or so to start picking up. Ditch XS and Tryst and spend your night here with a couple of friends! My favorite club along with Haze!
1	Watch your purses ladies... My phone was stolen here
1	They are the god damn worst. They keep you waiting for 2 hra just to tell you that compacity is full. Worse Club Ever!! Do not go here
