5	WOW!! best describes my meal at PBR. Everyone Claims they are the best or are #1 in Vegas,These guys just did it! Great burgers 1/2lbs Angus burger ,Smoked pulled pork,Wings,Brisket Good drinks great place to eat people watch and you get your moneys worth.Friendly Staff Awesome atmosphere check it out and prove me wrong. Cowboy UP.
4	Went there on a Tuesday around 6pm for dinner. Not busy so we were able to get seated quickly. The decor was nice. Slick one piece leather seats. If you need to be able to watch TV while eating this is the place for you. They have a gazillion televisions everywhere.We had the Smoked Chicken Gumbo and the Bloomin' Onion Burger. The gumbo was definitely very tasty. The burger deep-fried inside the breaded onion ring was pretty good too.Overall not a bad place to eat a meal. Don't know how it is when it's real busy though.
3	The food is good. Hamburgers are tasty but... when the waiter comes with the check and that he wrote "gratuity is not included" in big letters with 18 and 20% tips recommended on it, the fun was over. Ok I'm from France, I obviously have a french accent but I've been living in LV for 11 years. I know when to tip and how much. I thought it was kinda rude to assume I was a foreign tourist not knowing about tipping. It would have took two seconds to ask me where I was from and that's it. He ignored us. Too bad because like I said the place is kinda cool.
2	11pm, we were starving and hit this place up. There was about 15 of us. It took them forever to get our food out (over an hour), and the bacon cheeseburger was an oversized hockey puck. It was very dry, and I swear the bacon was going to a chip a tooth. However, as hungry as I was I ate this big burger and washed it down with a bucket of beer! Wouldnt go back unless it was the only option.
3	Visited this place for a mid day cocktail when i was in town a couple weeks ago. Not too busy. Cute bartender (Daisy) was friendly and super funny. Drinks were tasty. I'll be back.
2	2.0 StarsPBR Rock Bar & Grill is located at the Miracle Mile Shops inside Planet Hollywood, directly on the Las Vegas Strip. My buddies and I originally wanted to check out Pink's Hot Dogs, but the line was way too long for us to wait. We decided to give PBR Rock Bar & Grill a try since there was no wait and we saw all the LCD screens on the walls. There must be more than 40+ screens spanning the whole establishment. That was pretty crazy.For my order I tried the Memphis Style BBQ Pork sandwich that came with a sesame seed bun and fire crack coleslaw for $10. I was thinking about ordering the coleslaw as my side, but then I noticed it already came with it in my sandwich. I ended up picking Fries as my side. The other side selections available include:Fries, Potato Salad, BBQ Baked Beans, or Fire Cracker Coleslaw The sandwich was very mediocre. The bun was not even toasted and it got soggy fast from the coleslaw. The pork was not flavored very well and was pretty bland. Half way through eating my meal I had to just eat the pork and coleslaw filling because the bun was just that unappetizing.I might have just picked the wrong dish at PBR, but my friends said their dishes were also 'eh, so-so'.I think I'll only come back to PBR to try riding their mechanical bull, not their food.
2	We had lunch on Saturday, they were celebrating Horny Halloween, but the crowd was gathered for college football. It took us a few minutes to be seated. We looked over the menu and got started with their pepper poppers. They looked unappealing, and they were very greasy. The pepper was very tough, when you tried to cut into it, the filling spilled out.Next, came our entrees the Big Bossman salad and the Bloomin' Onion burger. The burger is topped with cheese and fried, and then served with grilled onions, tomato and bacon. It was dry, dry, dry. How can that be? After the peppers the grease was too much to bear so I switched with my hubby a few bites in. The salad was wilted. It seemed like a bowl of mush. I was not a fan. The husband asked for their house cornbread muffins. The texture was off, but the flavor was decent, I liked addition of diced jalapeno. They were the highlight of the meal.Service was average, and overall the place had an odd vibe. It's a great place to watch games, lots of nice TVs, but stick to drinks because the food is weak. PBR makes you think country, but much of the music was rock. I suppose it is a rock bar, but then they threw in pop like Katy Perry. Not sure how that fits. I'd say it has a bit of an identity crisis.
1	i went there on Friday morning around 1 am. ordered the root beer float and the blossom onion burger the wife ordered the burger. everything was going well until the food poisoning a couple of hours later. thanks pbr for having me miss my brothers wedding and enjoying my trip.
3	Not much to say, it's just another strip side place to eat.  Food was ok, charged 5$ for bacon on the deep fried burger, that pissed me off.  They have a mechanical bull inside, fun to watch..
4	We had a blast at the PBR Rock Bar & Bar. Great BBQ food, sports on all night and a mechanical bull to ride.  We started with the fried pickles (delicious), and my boyfriend and I split the pulled pork sandwich and fried chicken sandwich. The pulled pork sandwich was ok - not BBQ enough for me. The fried chicken sandwich was good...nothing special. For dessert we ordered the mini cupcakes on skewers...such a cute idea! 3 were red velvet, 3 german chocolate and 3 had bacon crumbles. We also shared the sundae...so good. A warm, freshly baked waffle below ice cream, bananas and whipped cream.  Yum!Such a fun place...you should stop by!
1	Was pleasanly greeted by the host when we entered. We asked to sit at the bar because we only wanted drinks and apps. The bar had only four other customers and we sat for almost ten minutes with not a single staff member coming by and saying hello. Both of the bartnders made eye contact with us and one even walked by. They apparently did not want our business so we left.
3	We were all getting hungry around midnight so we found PBR which was still service food. We were entertained by the people riding the mechanical bull. As for the food:Chili sliders: 2/5 messy and did not taste that great. Bf had to eat most of it. Potato salad: 3/5 potatoes were hard...Chicken wings: 5/5 yummy!!!
4	Place was decent priced and extremely great tasting. The burger was cooked perfectly. The fries were bomb. Waitress was cute hehe. Next time I go there I'm definitely hitting up that place. It's a lot cheaper than most places in Vegas.
3	If you are staying at Planet Hollywood, PBR serves a decent breakfast that's not horribly overpriced.  GOOD: Three eggs (not just your usual two) cooked overeasy and thcik cut baked cooked just right are perfect for offsetting last night's booze.  BAD: The service here was pretty slow - seriously, how long does it take to make eggs and bacon and fry tater tots?  Also, there' s not choice of bacon or sausage just bacon.UGLY: They were blaring rap and R&B before noon.  Isn't this supposed to be a country joint?!  Gimme my George Strait.
2	i had a bloody mary, and the reuben sandwich with potato salad. everything was pretty mediocre but i feel like that is the case with a lot of the similar restaurants on the strip. service was reallllly slow but to their credit, the restaurant was packed and it was right around lunch time.
2	Review is for the frozen bar.Overpriced, even for Vegas. Not nearly as good as Fat Tuesday or Lime Ice.
2	my only reason for coming to this place was to get a green guitar filled with a blended drink for new years. so, a few of us were on the strip around 6:30. the rest of the group wasnt gonna be around until 8:30, so we walked from cosmo to ph to grab a guitar. we stood at the daiquiri bar and waited maybe 5 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge we were there. mind you, it was still pretty early and wasnt really busy yet. one of the bartenders asks me what i want, i order a guitar, and ask if theres a green one (i got the last one!). i order the tropical (i think thats what i was called) one and decline the extra shot for $2 (it was still pretty early and i wanted to make it til midnight). she doesnt even card me! i had my card out and was waiting for her to ask me for it, but she didnt. (slightly insulted? yes. i'm 25 but i dont look it. and its NYE! i wonder who else she sold alcohol to...). i paid, i tasted it (it tasted like a big stick popsicle!), and i was stuck wearing this guitar all night. needless to say, i've experienced better service. much rather go to fat tuesdays!!! and - i ended up getting annoyed with the damn thing and left it at chandelier bar.
5	this place was awesome. Me and my girlfriend went here for their college night on a tuesday. We paid $5 for her and $10 for me for all you can drink from 9-12. All the bartenders were very friendly and kept the drinks coming as fast as we could drink them. We tipped a dollar after every drink and prolly had 25 between the two of us in 2 hours. We played beer pong and had a great night. This was a perfect place to go to on a tuesday night inside of our hotel.
3	Sat outside.  Unique space heaters.  Food was OK, servings plentiful.  Waitstaff pleasant.
2	I really had mixed feelings about this place. After having spent a lot of time in the Planet Hollywood, I needed some place new to eat so we ventured in here. Wait was about 25 minutes with about a quarter of the tables in the restaurant being empty? They didnt seem to be short staffed but I defer to them as to what they can handle. We started at the bar and got a couple beers. I asked the Bartender where things might be good that night and got the upsell to come back here as they were doing something with girls and the bull...no thanks. She then referred us over to their sister bar. After she was done pimping their spots, she walked around the bar and blew a sports whistle at some guys walking by. Seriously? People trying to have a drink, eat dinner and they are blowing whistles. Once seating the waitress was pretty quick to take our order and I got the pork ribs with a starter salad. The salad was basically a huge bowl with lettuce. I got the full stack of ribs and instantly regretted it when they arrived. The stack was HUGE. The ribs had a pretty heavy smoke flavor and were decent. I also got a side of coleslaw...it was supposed to be "hot" or something of that nature and the red on top seemed to indicate such. However when I took a bite of the slaw I wanted to spit it out on the floor. This was the point at which I wanted to ask the idiot what they were thinking when they decided that putting POP ROCKS on top of COLESLAW was a good idea? It was absolutely disgusting. Service in general was fine...you see your waitress once maybe twice and then "other" servers come out and help you the rest of the meal. Not the best experience but they seemed to be on top of things...except a bit eager to take away plates, etc.
5	The PBR Rock Bar and Grill serves up some of the best American comfort food you have ever seen. They have excellent food in great value portions that will definitely fill you up. They serve up a wide range of delicious food to keep your taste buds going. Dorito Mac & Cheese, Crispy Cutlet Pork Sandwhich, Fried Pickles, how can you go wrong!!!
3	Food was good, but my medium burger was well done (which is probably okay since I'm prego, but still, not how I ordered it). The fried pickles with the cajun ramulaud were awsome though and the Turkey Avocado sandwich I had the second time we ate there was really good!
4	Good albeit expensive drinks BUT the gorgeous Asian bartender was awesome!
5	Where do I start...HOT ladies,great prices on beer,great atmosphere. I didn't eat here though so can't really give more of an opinion on the food and service side of things. The bartenders were spot on and took care of me and kept a friendly conversation going. I'll come back for food next time.
5	The nachos are awesome!! Enough for 2!!
4	We went late at night so it was about a 15 minute wait to get seated but that was just fine. You end of gambling or strolling around the casino for a bit so it ran by quick. It was a noisy place because of all the music (And for being a rockbar..country music was the last thing I was planning to hear.The service was fast, and food was just perfect. Only thing I didn't like was the silverware in the glass jar..I didn't know if it was used or what was going on there. There was 2 knifes and a fork in the jar and I was with a friend so that wasn't going to work lol. When the server came back around I asked for extra silverware and she starts looking in the jar. I guess she thought they had enough in there but they didn't so she had someone come around and give us extra. The prices are good for the amount of food they give you and it tastes wonderful. Great place to hang with a bunch of friends.
1	Housed in the former Hawaiian Tropic space it appears that not much has changed on the service front. We stopped by for happy hour which included $3 domestic drafts and had to practically shoot a gun in the air to get a bartenders attention. With the exception of the lack of bikinis, the bartenders are just as inattentive, robotic and surly as the former bartenders at HT. With cheap beer flowing like water on the strip there is really no reason to visit the PBR again.
3	With a crew in tow that whined about being too sober, having to pee and needing to eat, I made the executive decision to stop at the PBR Rock Bar and Grill, because it was close, empty and...well...because I'm bossy...that's why.The place was snoozeville, and there were maybe 15 people there, including the 6 of us and all the staff. The drinks were a little pricey, but it is the strip...whatcha gonna do? My friend and I ordered 2 top shelf drinks and a cheeseburger and fries to share. Total was about $40 after tip. The fries were good. The burger was (suprisingly) done well. I was a little drunk, so I can't quite remember...but I think there was a mechanical bull inside, and a lounge type situation that seemed nice. The best part is the tempered glass filled personal gas powered fire pits in the middle of each bar table - this made it very convenient to toss fries, ice, straws and other things into it.The highlight for me though, was the fact that there was a girl passed out in the stall next to me...wait, that wasn't the highlight....the highlight was when I told the very hot, toned, bronzed bouncer, he just grunted with irritation and sauntered right in...like it was a typical Friday night. A prince in shining armor on Las Vegas Blvd.
2	Overpriced menu selectionDoes not have a veggie burger as an optionMacaroni & cheese dish lacked flavor as a supple alternative for anything to eat & even the beer tasted bland
4	Just went here last night... I liked the atmosphere, and the bbq chicken pizza was delicious :) It was pretty big too! My 2 friends and I ordered the bbq pizza and shared it. The service was great, the food was good... cant complain. I kinda wanted to sit outside but it was cold since we went at night, but maybe next time I'll check it out during the day so I can sit outside and enjoy some sunlight. Dont expect too much though, they have a small menu so you really dont have too much to choose from, but it comes in a big portion. We saw someone order some burger, and it was huge. I'll be coming back for that bbq chicken though. It was good stuff!
3	First off - we sat outside...it was nice to sit at a table with a fire pit...pretty cool actually, and people watch. Drinks - They are PRICEY! But then again everything on the strip IS. $12 for a drink...meh! Their Southern Hospitality is by far one of the yummiest drinks I've had. Tastes like sweet tea! Food - we had appitizers. Their fried pickles were pretty good. But their sampler is $20 and you get a TON of food for $20. The mechanical bull is pretty neat. Costs $5 though. If you eat/drink there you should get to ride it for free, I say. Service...it's okay. It's slow and the last night we were there the server pissed my husband off. We were told we could sit at a table by the hostess and the server wanted to move us to a "better table". Uh, okay. Bye.
3	Came here on college night we showed our IDs and it was $10for open bar from 10-12 it was great. Music as good. If u aren't ordering food they ask u to stay only at the bar and not sit at their tables. So they do need more room for people looking for to drink only. The also have a mechanical bull which was pretty fun.
3	The food was ok. I only ate here because I liked the bull outside. The food is pretty average. I had the pulled pork burger, it was a big burger.  It was a bit dry, so ask for more bbq sauce in the meat mix pls or add smothing saucy to it. The pancake was huge and yes its only 1 pancake. Staff were friendly. I might come back, but there are soooo many choice when you are here. So who knows when this will make it back to the top of the list.
4	Ate here twice the last time we were out. On friday our flight got into town in between lunch and dinner.  We ordered beers and split a burger and it was around $20.00.  The burger was plenty big and pre split into two portions with two portions of fries....most places wont do this for you.  shortly after we ordered jalepeno corn bread was brought out to our table which was a nice little snack.  All of the wait staff were friendly and would stop to check if we needed anything.  it was a bit loud, but what bar isnt.  The sunday afternoon when we ate there it was busier than Friday afternoon.  I would assume because of the games on tv.  Although it was busier it didnt show with the service.  The service was just as good as the slower day.  I was impressed!
1	Originally we walked around the strip a little bit looking for a nice outdoor restaurant where we could watch some games outdoor and get some moderately priced food and drinks.  We checked to the menu at PBR and it seemed to have a few interesting items that seemed right up our alley for this night.  We were asked inside if we could sit outside and so they told us that would be fine and we walked to the outside area overlooking the strip.  We found another hostess outside so we asked for a table for two.  She didn't have any at the time, but found us a nice spot at the railing overlooking the strip.  The area itself was clean, high chairs which I prefer but a very small space to put buckets of beers or food.  We checked out the menu and waited for our waiter Paul.  He didn't come over until after we had to wave down another employee 10 minutes later.  At this point we were a little frustrated but decided to stay and make the best of it.  The bucket of beer prices for five 16 oz domestic beers wasn't bad for the strip, $18.00.  We ordered our drinks and a small appetizer.  Well, it took another seven to eight minutes to get the drinks and another fifteen minutes to get our appetizer.  When we received the appetizer it was brought out by one of the cooks, who was very grumpy and tapped me on the shoulder to give it to me.  When I turned to take it from him he threw it in front of me with a disgruntled attitude.  At this point we started eating the appetizer, when during the middle of eating it our waiter Paul came up and took our menus without asking if we wanted to place any more orders (which we still did).  We ate about half the appetizer which was a salty mess.  The appetizer was the tater invader which was a mix of tator tots, fries, chilli and chives.  After the appetizer we decided to leave and took four of our five beers with us.  We spoke to the manager at the end of the meal and he seemed as if he was not surprised by who gave us the bad service.  The manager did not try to make it up to us in any way.  This will be the last time we will try PBR, it was just a rancid mess.
2	About as mediocre as you can get.  Mechanical bull/ sports bar/ loud music/ etc.  Bland, boring American cuisine.  There are plenty of better options in Las Vegas.
3	Started off on a sour note as i sat at the bar and waited 10 mins before i even got a menu.one bartender seemed more interested in every other customer but me, but then another came on(think her name was Suelynn, or something that sounds like that) who was very sweet and gave great service.a bit of confusion at the beginning when i ordered a Pabst Blue Ribbon and was told they did not carry it.how the fuck can a place called PBR not serve PBR?turns out the PBR stands for Professional Bullriders and not Pabst Blue Ribbon, which seems kinda obvious when you see the mechanical bull.duh.pretty standard bar food; burgers, nachos, buffalo wings, chicken, etc.ordered up an All-American burger well-done and a quesadilla.the burger wasn't anything to rave about, ordered it well-done and got it medium.the quesadilla was awesome(it is pretty hard to fuck up a quesadilla).it came adorned with some sour cream and salsa on it, with guacamole on the side.i went there during happy hour, which is a great time to go there, since they have pretty good drink specials and there was a group of girls being thrown off the mechanical bull the whole time.great place to have some drinks and a good time, but not really a great restaurant experience.get drunk, have a quesadilla and ride the bull, but don't expect amazing food.
3	Awesome spot food is ok drinks are pricey but ok... The fried onion batter hotdog is great slaw had a funny taste to it. Great service
4	Wow, busy place!  Lots of bar space, good place to hang out and drink. Drew is the best bartender!!
3	PBR Rock Bar is your typical sports bar type place.  You know..catchy top 40 tunes, waitresses dressed like strippers, overpriced drinks ($12.00 margaritas WTF!) and tons of burgers and other Amerrrrican food.  However, I'm forced to give this place at least 3 stars because the patio was right on the strip and provided a perfect location to get a quick afternoon lunch in the beautiful Vegas weather.  The waitstaff (ok so maybe I should refer to them as stripper-like) was also very attentive and our food came out quickly.  This place is drowning in mediocrity but the patio was still pretty awesome.
3	Stumbled upon this place with an out of town guest who loves the PBR.. so she had to try. We sat outside and had a great table to people watch. Service was prompt they were not trying to hard to please, but still attentive. I ordered a Sam Adams to drink, they were out of Sam and I settled with a Stella Artois... however I'm pretty sure they gave me Bud Light. My friend had a drink with "Carribean" in the name, I can't remember what it was, but reminded me of a Virgin Islands "Pain Killer" (Pussers British Rum and a little juice) it was delicious and a generous pour. We ordered burgers for lunch, my friend had the "American" and I had the "BBQ Burger". They were both very good and the only complaint I had is both of our buns fell apart while eating them, so some old bread, but they were still good. The fries were great and the ranch dressing delicious (it really is hard to find good ranch). The bill for 2 at lunch was $41.00, for the strip not bad. I have given up on the fact that Vegas has any hand made burger patties on the strip, since they are more geared for a volume based restaurant these were right out of a box. With all the food choices, this place is good for the patio and not much more.... unless I have out of town guests who have their hearts set on the novelty of the PBR, I won't be back.
1	The worse meal and service I have ever had in Vegas .... Yuck beware of the food I came here with a group of friends about 11pm at night and it sucked ( excuse my French). First we had to move to the bar in order to get any kind of service and second the place was completely empty and we had to literally scream HEY !!!! Well after ordering tatter tots and grilled chesses the basic American meal, never received a drink. When i received my food my tatter tots were cold and hard as a rock and my grilled chesses was cold and no longer chesses which was disgusting... How can you go wrong with grilled cheese!!!!! This place was horrible doesn't make it any better that the bartender disappeared and had to wait for ever for the bill..... The place was disgusting, my parties meal wasn't any better but ill let them complain on there own YELP page.
3	Located inside Planet Hollywood, this is a pretty cool place to grab a drink. I came here to pregame every day of the week during my business trip. Mondays are Ladies' Night. My coworker got $1 drinks but mine were $9. fail. Wednesdays are $8 all you can drink wrist bands before midnight, only $5 for girls. They have a cool outdoor patio which overlooks the Strip and CityCenter's new Cosmopolitan. I'd go just to enjoy the view! The crowd is alright here, hit and miss. I did meet some cool, young nurses, and some wonderful ladies on business trips. Cool place. Go and tip my girl  Kaylee!
1	wow... That's all I got
4	Outstanding burgers. I ordered a western burger, I think, and they brought me a blue cheese burger. Whatever. I ate it and didn't say anything, but it pissed me off a little. I like the outside patio. It was great weather for it. Overall, it's nothing special, but they make a great burger (it's big, so you can split it with someone rather than ordering two).
3	Decided to stop here right for a light bite and a beer, went straight to bar sitting.  I walked in with one objective a nice juicy burger and a nice cold beer!  Placed my order and result was sad, I was expecting that delicious $20 burger, I felt it was a bit over cooked, this didn't taste much different from Carl's Jr but I did pay 12.95 for it.... added avocado n a bud light.... I could hv used another beer but it took the bartender Karisa a whole lot of time to come back and check on me, unbelievable as I was sitting right at the bar n it wasn't even busy, it was only 6pm.PS. Bummer! I should hv read my receipt before leaving the place, I could hv redeemed it for a free bull ride!
3	Came here for drinks one night. It was ladies night, so $1 drinks = PLUS!I liked the ambience. It was fun watching drunk girls falling off the mechanical bull. LOL. The music was good. Very rock vibe, hence the name.Came here again few days later for our last meal before heading to the airport. I had the pulled pork pizza. It was delicious but way too big for one person. My boyfriend had the Fried pickle burger. I had a bite of his and liked it, but he wasnt crazy about it. Our waitress was extremely nice though [forgot her name, but a very tall blonde]. She brought him 2 kinds of BBQ sauce, both of which he wasnt crazy about though. [Hes a chef and very picky!] All in all, a good experience though! Plus it was located right at our hotel, Planet Hollywood.I wanted one of those ridiculously obnoxious touristy guitar drinks, but they were very pricey! [I think $35-38] Instead I walked to the casino where I got free drinks. LOL
4	On first impression, I didn't want to even come into the place just solely on the decor. (Don't kill me for being honest.) I mean, the inside is really dark, there's a bull-riding contraption, and I assumed it would just be a knock off of Cabo Wabo across the hotel.The service and food were complete opposites!Workers were really sweet and friendly and super accomodating.I had their pulled pork burger and baked beans and it was really good. Definitely what I was craving and I'm glad I wasn't afraid of sampsing (sampling) this joint!They also have good happy hour and twitter specials =)
5	LOVED this place! We stopped in on a recent trip to Vegas as we wanted to watch a game. There were plenty of TVs, great atmosphere, great service! We'd g back in a heartbeat! Great low-key place with a great vibe!
4	fun joint, right on the strip you can people watch, get hammered, DJ booth coming soon right on the patio "I heard" this is a deff go to place during the summer!
3	Only had drinks here and they were decent & somehwat cheap.  They have a mechanical bull you can ride.  But be careful!  A friend fell off wrong & ended up breaking her ankle. Not the establishment's fault, just know you sign that waiver in 15 places for a reason.  I didn't try any of the food, so I can't rate it.
4	Let's see here... Let's start on the approach.  When you are walking down the strip and you look at PBR, it is incredible.  There is a giant bronze-look bull jumping through the side of the building.  It is a pretty cool thing to look at.  I really like the patio space, but the tables are a bit small and crammed together, but... THIS IS VEGAS BABY!!! Vegas=Crowded... expected.  The inside is really cool too.  Kind of a dark lounge-y feel, but still sticking with the bull riding theme (mechanical bull, dark-brown leather, cedar pillars, etc.) I like it a lot... HOWEVER, my only negative to the inside (which actually would attract people as an experience) is the "bathroom attendant"...  Probably the most creepy thing in the world.  I walked into the bathroom and a tall, lanky fellow was half-sitting on the countertop next to the sink... I looked at him, he looked at me... then it happened.  He proclaimed "Welcome to the Bathroom!".... most awkward moment of my life.... "Uhh... thanks?"  The main entrance opens up into the new mall, which is a sight all in itself.The food was really good, but relatively expensive given Vegas... again.  But we did happen to go on "College Night", which I believe was a Tuesday.  This is a good night even for those of us that are no longer in college... College kids w/ a school ID get an open bar for $10 ($5 for girls)  and guys not in college... $20 open bar from 9p to midnight... pretty sure I stopped counting at 12 drinks.All in all, great place to spend some time.  I highly recommend it, and I assure you that I will stumble out of that bar again in the future.
4	Good food, huge portions, good drinks, fair prices.
4	We walked by PBR and a hostess told us we could get open bar for 2 hours if we followed them on Twitter. I don't have a twitter account so I quickly made one and joined the bar with two friends. Our bartender was awesome! Made our drinks quick was super friendly and offered to take some pictures of us. They have a bull you can ride, no one in my group tried but it was fun to people watch. If you are staying at Planet Hollywood or just want a quick drink walking down the strip I would recommend stopping in here. Especially since it seems like they have some type of drink special every night. We didn't try any food but it sure looked yummy as it came out the kitchen.
4	Okay so I'm not really writing a review for the food because I never ate there but me and my friends were actually invited to ride the mechanical bull for free! The host dude said we looked like a cool bunch so that's why he invited us.Anyways they were really fun and we had a fun time cheering our rider friends, lol. Just want to say a big thank you to the guy who invited us... I don't remember your name due to the alcohol consumption but we did take a picture with you! I will probably upload it here, lol. Host dude, you will forever you will be on our hearts.4 stars for service, 1 more star can be added once I actually eat there lol.
4	Nice place to hit up if you're looking for good food with generous portions, a lively atmosphere and refreshing drinks. Reveled in some beer and the most AWESOMEST nachos and potato skins. The nachos consist of cheese (real cheese), sour cream, beans, guacamole and jalepenos layered over a bed of mesquite potato chips. The potato skins were great too! PBR has multiple bars inside and lots of screens for catching all the latest sports action. I wasn't even too hungry when we sat down and the food still tasted great. Can't wait to go on an empty stomach and try out the other menu items. American comfort food with a twist. Love this place!
2	If you are desperate for something, this place suffices... but don't expect anything out of their alcohol. Ridiculously overpriced and ridiculously diluted with other crap. If you're in Vegas, you wanna have fun!!! But PBR doesn't really set you up for fun as they charge you an arm and a leg for drinks that don't really have much alchy in them. I paid $17 for drinks and I wasn't even close to being buzzed -- I never came back here and told my friends to stay away from this place as well. This place is pretty average, nothing spectacular or special but nothing completely awful either. Two stars for me : /
4	I came in for lunch.It was better than some of the run of the mill strip restaurants. The service was good, the food was decent.I would come here again over some of the other joints on the strip.
4	I didn't go in expecting a lot but I ended up really liking this place. The best parts were the young crowd and the location right on the strip. If you eat outside, you are right there and can see all the action which can be very entertaining. I had no complaints about the food or the service. They of course had a mechanical bull and it was fun to watch people attempting to ride it. My favorite part though, had to be the beer pong tables that you could play on. You could buy a pitcher of beer and play right there in the restaurant. No need of trying to find a way to play in your hotel room. Overall, it was a great way to start off a night in Vegas.
5	burgers were amazing and our waitress was so nice. there was a beer pong place inside and a bull it was awesome to hang out and its very laid back and chill for being on the strip.
4	Good portions. Gumbo was pretty good. Better than Blondies and the Cheeseburger place in the same mall. Good value.
4	I had a good experience here.  Good food, reasonable price, and good service.  I will be back!
5	This place was a great find. We were in the Miracle Mile Mall (Planet Hollywood) and we were intrigued by the menu. They had mostly southern down home cooking that we dont get nearly enough of living in Nyc. We started with Dorito crusted mac & cheese! Omg. SOoooo goood. (see pics). Def worth every calorie. Then my bf had a Texas Brisket BBQ pizza. Omg. Delish. Def big enough for two people. We didnt know that, so I ordered a bacon/egg grilled cheese. Also delicious. Tasted like a bacon egg and cheese sandwich from home. Not too southern, but Im a -sucker for a good grilled cheese. Lol. After all that, we were stuffed but still had to see the dessert menu. All I saw on there was the fresh baked skillet chocolate chip cookie with ice cream! Thats my favorite dessert and no one ever has it on their menu. It was great.Also love the atmosphere in this place. Fun, cozy and Im sure very crazy and lively during the nights with the mechanical bull riding! I was sorry we were in there for lunch. Will def go back next time for happy hour or later to see how much more fun it could be. Full bar- lots of fun and creative drinks.
4	A surprisingly nice place for lunch seeing that I just stumbled upon it on a recent trip to Las Vegas. To be honest, the only reason I darkened their door in the first place was that the nearby "Earl of Sandwich" line was about a quarter mile long and I was starving. My companion and I headed in and bee-lined for the large comfortable bar area where we were immediately greeted by one of the many very attractive bartenders who work here. Drinks came immediately and we received only light-hearted ribbing for ordering sodas instead of cocktails or beer. Hey, I know it's Vegas, but at 11:30am, I'm still trying to regroup from the previous night's activities that concluded just hours earlier. Anyhoo, we ordered the buffalo chicken pizza and (I believe) a country chicken salad served as a wrap. The food came out quickly and astounded us both in presentation, flavor and sheer portion size. I guess a restaurant with a "Professional Bull Riding" theme needs to serve a hearty entree and they certainly delivered. We left very full and very satisfied. In fact, when it came time for brunch the next day, we found ourselves right back at the bar at PBR. This time I ordered a breakfast omelette that featured beef brisket among a savory medley of cheese, onions, peppers and potatoes. This thing was the size of a newborn, I swear. I stuffed myself and made it through just over half of the thing. So good, though. My dining companion ordered the country chicken salad wrap AGAIN and loved it for a second day straight.In summary, great food, excellent service and an entertaining time chatting it up with the bartenders and watching women take turns riding the nearby mechanical bull. Certainly an unexpected gem in Las Vegas!
3	Cheap eats. Good quality and portion.Cheaper Alcohol. :)If you're a chick come here on MONDAYS! Ladies night--$1 drinks
4	I've been to the bar but the other evening was my first time trying the food. We arrived during happy hour so we opted for domestic draft beer with our dinner. I was there with a client visiting from Chicago. They liked the fact that PBR serves "real food."  One of them did chicken wings and the other opted for deviled eggs, fruit salad and a "PBR & J." I had the BBQ shrimp skewers, sauce on the side, extra veggies with no rice. Loved it! I'm not  fan of cherry tomatoes and they happily replaced them with celery, upon my request, with no drama whatsoever. As for dessert, I don't do a lot of dessert, but I had to taste my dining companion's warm cookie with ice cream. Wow!  Fun atmosphere, too, and clever promotions - like Twitter Thursday. And I want to go back for breakfast. The breakfast menu looks good, too. Not only that - but the outdoor patio fronts the LV strip.  I'd dine or drink out there, weather permitting.  And if you go here, wear pants so you can  try riding the bull! Big fun and you won't be as self conscious as I was since I had a dress on!
3	We came here for a quick lunch. The food is just average, your typical bar food. The portions are big so it's considerably cheap. Lots of TVs all around the place playing different channels so there's always something to watch, plus our waiter was quick and attentive.Potato Skins - 6 on a plate, crispy skin, good amount of cheddar and bacon.Memphis Style BBQ Pork Burger - the burger was huge. LOTS of meat, but a little too salty, we downed alot of water eating this.Dorito Crusted Mac & Cheese - we got lured in by the name, the mac & cheese was tasteless, and by "Dorito crusted" it means they crush a handful of Doritos and layer it on the mac & cheese. I can make a better version of it myself.
3	This place was not as crappy as it seems! We came here late (after seeing the travesty that is Peepshow) and there was no wait at all. They let women ride the mechanical bull for free and as we were seated close by, we had entertainment the whole time. The food was not bad at all as long as you are not expecting a mind-blowing epicurean experience. The buffalo strips are nice and crispy and had a nice kick. The ranch was meh. The pepperoni pizza was actually really tasty.Just your typical bar food experience, but at least it's cheap by Vegas standards. The service is pretty good as well.
4	Dorito crusted mac-n-cheese with a reuben dog and a blooming onion dog shared between two people with $20 bottomless beers from 3pm-7pm, sitting around the bull while watching people get destroyed.  Only in Vegas.  It's right across from the sportsbook and I had no problem with leaving for a few minutes at a time to check some scores and grab my seat back.  Our waitress kept those beers coming until a couple of minutes after 7, too.  Usually after you bug the waitress for another order of bottomless anything they like to stretch it out... not here!  Definitely going back when I'm in Vegas.  Coming up on their one year anniversary.. cheers, Rock Bar!
4	$6 for two mini cheeseburger sliders and an abundant amount of freshly friend fries.
4	I ordered the bacon wrapped cheddar hot dog & it was delicious with tater tots as a side. ( yes i'm a G like that) Our waiter was cool although he seemed too busy flirting with the table netxt to us. The food was good and it was inexpensive ( for vegas standards) . The mechanical bull shook my boobies , that was fun
1	Let me just start by saying it's pretty tough for me to give a one star review, because I always find something I like about a place, whether it be pretty waitresses, or the fries were nice and crunchy, or the price was low enough to make it seem reasonable.  I seem to be an optimist when it comes to dining out and going to new places when I review them.However, this place can s*** it. Horrible service was the number 1 factor, pretty crappy food in my opinion, and they sat us outside on a saturday at lunch when it was over 100 degrees already. The shade sails they have set up don't even cover up the two big tables they have out there. The scene: Bachelor party, 10 guys, needing some comfort food after a night of drinking into the wee hours of the morning..... Earl of Sandwich just across the hall was our #1 choice, but the line was about 60-70 people long down the hall. Our first clue this place sucked was the fact there was no line, when across the hall the line was over an hour long. DUH to me, my mistake. We sat down, and it took about 15 minutes to even be noticed by a server, and the place was NOT AT ALL busy. We ordered a bunch of waters, and a couple bloody mary's. 15 minutes later, we still didn't have anything to drink. Finally we went up to the bartender and asked for our waters. Then, we all ordered our food, which included a few burgers, a half rack of ribs, a steak and egg breakfast burrito, a couple club sandwiches, and a pepperoni pizza. 20 minutes later we finally got some food out to us, they cleared the trays and took off. Guess what, they didn't have the pepperoni pizza on the tray. The runners took off without asking if we had everything, and if we needed anything else (like ketchup, hot sauce, more water, etc)So, we all realize that our boy didn't get his pizza. 5 minutes later the server came back and we brought to her attention the pizza didn't come out. She went to check on it and we saw her punching buttons on her screen, then start walking back to us, thinking she was gonna tell us it was on the way, or that she forgot to put it in the system......but nothing, she didnt' even stop by to say sorry or that it would be out in a few minutes. She just walked right on by our table to help somebody else. Now we're really starting to get pissed!!! How rude!!! What kind of service is that????10 minutes go by and we're pretty much all done eating our food, and still no pizza. The pizza orderer said screw this and went to the server and told her not to bring it out, cancel the order, and that he doesn't even want it anymore, and to take it off the bill. The service was horrendous when it was even there in the room, the food was way below average (the burger had no flavor and the potato salad was not cold or tasty, and I was told the fries were soft and not cooked well), especially for the price, and the drinks were expensive, even for being on the strip at a casual restaurant (why do you think we didn't order drinks at a bachelor party???)1 star, wish I could give it lesswon't be coming back
2	Two stars for the food. Good portions good bar food. Service at the bar?? Bad bad bad. Was very slow. Girls paid more attention to bitching about customers amongs themselves than actually trying to earn a tip.
4	I've been to vegas a million times but never really ate at one of the places on the strip.  This past time my friend and i were walking the strip and picked this place bc we were starving, and didnt really want to walk around anymore.  what a good pick it was.  I think he had a pulled pork sandwich.  I had the country fried chicken sliders.  everything was delicious.  from the first bite of the biscuits to the last bite of the fries.  and the prices werent bad either.  plus they had a mechanical bull.  that was unexpected, and entertaining to watch as always.
4	Walked in, sat at the bar, had a good salad (yep at a bar in a mall that is attached to a casino...) and generally liked everything about it! The Salad: leafy greens, the kind my mother would want me to eat, mixed with goat cheese and pecans. Seriously this is what I would find at a place in Santa Monica (where I'm from) and was stoked to be eating one At A Bar, In A Mall, that is Attached to a Casino. Speaking of the Bar, it was fun to watch the seemingly Endless stream of people who would stop by (half of the bar fronts directly into the aforementioned Mall) and pick up one of the GIGANTIC drink boots or yard-longs, filled with various imbibements. Fun!
5	I 've worked here for a year now,and finally ate there with my family!  This place really serves the best ribs I've had! It seems like your in the down south when youre in here ,really nice atmosphere,  wife and kids definitely want to go back again!   It could be a family thing in the day and a friends thing at nite!  would recomend it!!!!!
1	Warning for anyone in a wheelchair who wants to eat here.......... I didn't get a chance to eat here because they ran out of the normal, lower dining tables and only had seating at the bar or one of those high top / bar tables. This is NOT good for a person in a wheelchair like myself. I was informed by a hostess that a month ago management decided to remove 1/2 of the dining tables and replace them with the high tops... thus becoming way less wheelchair friendly. I don't want to eat when I can't see my food because the plate would be at eye level or worse depending on the height of one's wheelchair. This is just WRONG. For just drinking purposes, I suppose it would do. But , I definitely think they need to do something about this little bit of discrimination and use a little common sense. How can I eat from a high top table when I can barely see what I would be eating? I'd get more ON me than IN me.I was really looking forward to eating at this place too.Edited to add : I'm not sure why people are finding this issue FUNNY.
5	We came here after a day at the pool and STARVING.  We were seated quickly and got our food just as quick.  I ordered the Catfish Po'Boy with fries.  One of the best Po'Boys I've had out of New Orleans!  My friends ordered the Veggie Stack, Shredded Pork Burger, BBQ Burger, and the Black and Bleu Burger.  Everyone thought their food was really good and everyone said they would totally come back next time.  You also get a free bull ride if you present your receipt. (Unfortunately, We didnt take advantage of that this trip)I think next time we come, we will try to take advantage of their Happy Hour deals and possibly even ride the bull? ... ;)
4	I cannot even begin to tell you how thankful I am that this location in the Miracle Mile shops is now the PBR. The previous restaurant in this space had a serious issue with quality of service. The servers at the now defunct 'Hawaiian Tropic' were unattentive, ditzy, and downright stupid. Absolutely no concept of customer service, even though their food was pretty impressive. This low quality of service was the same up the food chain with idiotic, condescending, douchebag managerial staff. The bus boy ended up getting us our drinks for goodness sake.But enough of my rant on the Hawaiian Fail-Tropic. That ship has sailed, giving rise to the wonderful PBR Rock Bar & Grill. Food seems expensive right off the bat, but this is a misleading thing--the portions are ENORMOUS, and delicious!She had a chili dog and fries and I had the pulled pork sandwich and chips. I could not finish the pulled pork sandwich. And it was AMAZING.Our server was also pretty cool and attentive, and the atmosphere was more welcoming and brighter than the previously dark-as-a-mofo HT. Thank goodness for the Professional Bull Riders, Inc. :)
3	This review is strictly for the alcohol on the outside of the restaurant.Got my yardlong slushie drink here... Added an extra shot (which seriously, I think she put a total of 5-6 shots worth of vodka into the drink), and all for about $30.  The slushy flavors were good, and I love that the bartenders were a little heavy handed :POnly bad thing, they didn't mix the alcohol into the slushy, so my first couple of sips were ALL vodka :)  Which is not necessarily a bad thing.
3	Looks like a cool place but it's just average... With average service and average food.
4	We found this place walking the strip. Entering the Mall we were greeted by hostess and the sounds of people enjoying themselves. We were seated quickly and our server came to the table right away, who was a transplant from CA...too funny.  My wife got the Memphis Style BBQ pulled pork sandwich with potato salad and a Hurricane to wash it down with. I got the BBQ Burger which was juicy and a little spicy with the bottomless beer special. Service was great, food and portions definitely worth the price..!  We'll definitely be returning next time were in Vegas. BTW...lot's of TV's to watch any game that's showing. Enjoy......
3	Me and my friends met here. Was not really crowded on a Saturday night. Spent most of my time at the bar. Bartenders were friendly and attentive. Drink was decent. Food was ok. Nothing spectacular about it. Good place to meet up but wouldn't spend my entire night here.
1	This place is horrible... the drinks are weak, the food its not so good, and the service sux... I was slightly hungry and in need of a decent alcoholic drink, and this place failed me.  I had to send my drink back twice, cuz it was just awful.. not enough alcohol or flavor... Nope, never again.
2	Let me just preface this one by saying...most of this review is based on the service not the food!I would like to say that this place was fun and tasty, but it honestly wasn't.  We went in there around 10 at night and just wanted to something to munch on b/c we had not eaten dinner and no one seemed hungry enough to sit down somewhere and order a late night dinner.  So, the 5 of us decided to order about 4 different appetizers including the fried pickles, potato skins, buffalo wings, and buffalo fingers.  My first experience with fried pickles was a bust and I had high hopes.  There was way too much cornmeal involved.  While I did actually like the buffalo fingers and potato skins...all of that went out the window because of the honest to goodness douchetard waiter we had.I'd like to say I remember his name, but all I remember was his purposefully lopsided mohawk and his disgustingly rude attitude.  Granted, we came in and just ordered appetizers and my friends had ordered their huge yard drink before we came in.  But was it really necessary for him to tell us how annoyed he was about these things?  He was a jerk and told us he would shoot himself in the head if we wanted to separate our checks at the end of our meal.  And no...he was not joking.
4	Good place to watch the game tonight, it's Monday night football!  Food was yummy, portions were good as well. Good drink specials, and the free blueberry Bacardi sample was yummy too. Ride a mechanical bull if you want :) I had the cheeseburger with potato salad, tasty.
3	So many TVs in here omg. I like the vibe and hey for a pub the food is good. Tuckey club and pulled pork going to hit the spot after a drink or two.
3	I wish I could remember the food better.We stopped for the hell of it on our way back from morning shopping for lunch. We intended to get lunch, a couple beers, and then head back to our hotel to rest up for the evening. Four hours later we left.We sat outside at the bar on the patio. I thought it was perfect. It was noon on a weekday and not very crowded. The bartenders were friendly and the service was fine.I had a turkey sandwich. I wish I could remember more. I remember that the cole slaw was a bit spicy. My guess is the turkey sandwich was average. We didn't want to eat a ton because we were going to go to a buffet for dinner. I have no recollection of what my husband had, unfortunately.If you make any sort of purchase, you get to ride the bull for free. I'm hoping my husband accidentally deleted the video of me attempting to do that.For what it was - weekday afternoon, moderate crowd, lunch, beer & conversation with some fun people who were sitting by us, it was just fine. I can't say what it's like at night or when it's much more busy. Sitting on the patio was fun. I would definitely consider going back for drinks again.
1	A group of us went to PBR Rock Bar & Grill after we decided the line at the Earl of Sandwich was too long.  Boy do I regret it.  By the time we sat down, ordered and got our food I could have gone through the line at Earl of Sandwich about 6 times.  Our lunch took over 2 hours.  We had to wait a little while for the table but most of the time was spent waiting for our food which was NOT worth it.  Some of our meals were cold, and all were just not good.  Service was terrible.  When she did come by she was not at all polite.  I'm sure the fact that we were all hungover and just wanted some food did not help.Head over to Earl of Sandwich instead for a much better and much faster meal.
4	Excellent burgers! Buffalo Chicken pizza YES! Service was great here, if not a bid snobbish. They wanted to try and charge us up the HOOHOO because the football games were on... when we explained we were only eating and then leaving our waitress was a bit put out. Overall though it was a good experience in a great hotel, Planet Hollywood.
4	Went here for drinks yesterday and boy was it a blast!!!!You have so got to check out the rodeo!  I laughed so hard I was almost in tears!This bar gets really busy, so try and get there early and check out the happy hour.  Try their frozen cocktails - yummy and strong - so be warned!!
1	People who work here are transitory, do not want to do a good job and just don't care.They used to have a decent greeter and sometimes a good bartender, but they've lost all their good staff, and hired on a bunch of idiots.The food was alright. Not enough of a beer selection. The servers are miserable.
3	Rock bar. Buffalo wings.great!  Chili cheesy dog fries. awesome. service is a bit slow. but it's vegas. sit back and watch the game... your server/menu/drinks/food will come, eventually.
4	First of all, PBR stands for Professional Bull Riding not Pabst Blue Ribbon. I went in expecting hipsters in skinny jeans and got cowboys in skinny jeans. Huh. But it's a cool place to watch football if you don't mind the country scene. Plenty of TVs. They have drink specials from 3-6 and you can get a Bud Light bottle for $3, which is pretty good for Vegas. There's also a mechanical bull for those into that sort of thing.They also have a daiquiri stand you can buy from while walking through the mall. They serve daiquiris from 16oz all the way up to 100oz and you can even get an 80oz guitar shaped daiquiri if you feel like being one of those guys. They're not very strong, but if you keep the cup you get a discount when you go back which makes it an ideal way to keep your buzz going while you walk around.
1	Food lacked taste, now I was drunk but I can still taste, sent my burger back and got something else, it tasted better.  Funny part about this place is, my burger tasted like shit, they offer to take it off and ask me if I want something else, I say no.  She says let me make it up to you, so I say ok get me XXX, she does and it's on the bill.  How is that making up for it? D
4	Haven't tried the food just yet, we all came in just for the chance to give our bachelorette the opportunity to do some bull riding!! haha.. It was fun that they actually had one here on the vegas strip, very convenient for things like that :) we had an awesome time watching our bachelorette riding the bull hahaha.. next time, we gotta try the food to match :)
3	Giant bar right next to the sports book inside Planet Hollywood. Plenty of tables  big bar, plenty of TVs. Went here on Sunday to watch some football. They have all the football games on multiple TVs. Waitress came by as soon as we sat down and ordered a bucket of beer for $20 bucks.  In the bucket was  5 Budweiser tallboys 24 oz, for @20 wow what deal! Ended up getting some food to couldn't   pass up the country  fried pickle burger. Name says it all burger with fried pickles on it  and a  side of fries. Not a bad burger typical, saved me form getting really drunk right away. Good place to get some cheap beers and drinks and to watch the game.
4	fun cool place thats has ok food..they do how ever have a bull to ride. the staff was a little lacking in friendlyness.
3	Bar and restaurant that serves classic American food, a stage for live performances, a mechanical bull and flat screen televisions.
2	We went here primarily due to the fact that the bar we wanted to go to was closed for remodeling through mid december (Fat Tuesday).  We took two trips into here within a few hours of each other with two somewhat different experiences.  The first was at 3 for the happy hour drink specials which was as advertised except the fact that we had a VERY un-attentive  waiter which resulted in delayed drinks each time we got his attention.  The second time we asked to be seated outdoors which was half full yet appeared to have adequate service staff.  WRONG!  We were there for 17 minutes with only a menu and a glass of water which was delivered promptly by the hostess when seated.  When we left as we were walking down back onto the strip the hostess stated "you weren't helped yet?" which sounds like is fairly typical and my answer was no and she apologized.  The appetizer of catfish nuggets were pretty good for bar food as was the artichoke dip that was great.  Food however takes people to request it from and to deliver so get your stuff together and this would be a good bar right on the strip.
1	Based on service and Food this place is an absolute zero. Terrible terrible terrible. Sure the prices are cheap, thats because you would be better off going to mcdonalds as far as food and service are concerned. This place does have a great location on the strip with a nice patio right on the strip and cool atmostphere inside. but do not I repeat do not go here for food or expect to get service at a table.ordered the blue cheese burger, worst burger i have ever had. it tasted like the meat was in a freezer for 2+ years before it was cooked. the fries were so-so and the nachos were big not good. Very dissapointed.
4	Came for the bull. $5 per ride and an employee handles the controls. Yes!
1	Too loudOver ratedOver pricedFood was blehDrink was weakYou wait 30-40 minutes for nothing!
3	Hated the atmosphere, if the cast of Jersey Shore was in Vegas and not at Hooters they'd probably be here. But the blooming onion hot dog was pretty great.
1	My wife and I purchased a vegas.com show/dinner combo ticket, and they told us our dinner would be provided at this establishment.  We showed up around 7:15...plenty of time for a quick bite before a 9pm show IMHO.  We were seated quickly and given a set menu for vegas.com.  It did not have the full selection of their menu, but was diverse enough that I was ok with it.   That's however where the good ends.Service was SLOW SLOW SLOW.  Waiter was nice and meant well, but I think he was overwhelmed with tables.   We both ordered the field greens & goat cheese salad....greens tasted like insecticide and barely had any dressing on them.  Took 20 min to get salads and another 20 min for Entrees.  I ordered the Shrimp & Grits....grits were odviously cheese whiz out of a jar mixed up with instant box grits.  Shrimp were grilled OK with a generous dusting of cajun seasoning.  My wife ordered the Surf & Turf...came completely cold.  I mean steak, shrimp, potato cakes...everything cold.  Wife sent it back, completely disappointed because service was so slow that there would be no time for them to remake it and make the show (show offered NO late seating).  Called the MGR over and she was apologetic, but just offered to "take care of us after the show".  Now, if the experience was so bad then why in hell would I want to return?  I sent this to vegas.com as well because they need to know about the quality of the restaurants they choose to partner with!
2	I brought some out of town friends here. I had never been before and the atmosphere look fun so we tried it. The look is cool and they had comfortable chairs. The menu seemed over priced. I sprung the extra $2 for the Doritos mac and cheese. It was good but for the extra money a bigger portion was expected. I ordered the chili cheese burger. I was never asked how I wanted it cooked. It came out VERY over done. My friend ordered the veggie burger and got a portabella mushroom sandwich instead, We asked the waitress about it. She looked puzzled and said "You don't like it?" she told her it was good but not what she ordered the waitress continued to say that she heard her order this. I couldn't believe it the waitress was arguing when it was clearly her mistake. I won't be back.
1	Review is for the bar only.We came here ONLY because "Fat Tuesdays" at the Miracle Mile Shops was closed for a few hours due to some troubles w/their machines. What a rip off! We all got the 32 oz slushy drink for $18.( I think someone posted a picture) That thing had about 1 1/2 shots of alcohol (W E A K). I didn't even drink the entire thing, I threw it out and got a refill @ Fat Tuesdays in Cesar's Palace. Lesson learned.Accept no imitations, if you want a good slushy drink in Vegas go to FAT TUESDAYS!
3	Review is for the food only!In search of a late night snack, we found ourselves at the PBR and somehow convinced ourselves that we needed to get a large portion of the Doritoes Mac & Cheese with a large side of fries.FANTASTIC DECISION on our part. Back from Vegas + I'm still thinking about that lovin'. I mean, really, Mac + Cheese with crushed Doritoes? You think you can make it at home and all will be well...no. It. may. be. disastrous.The fries were not out of this world & soggy by the time we got them into our hotel (not even 10 minutes?). The servers weren't particularly attentive which was supremely odd because the bar/grill area was pretty empty (on a Thursday night?!).I don't plan on returning to try their other menu items as I KNOW I can get cheaper eats around town...but definitely count me in for that Mac & Cheeeesy Cheese. YUM.
4	01.07.12Welcome to the PBR Rock Bar & Grill!Contrary to popular belief, PBR does not stand for what most would assume. It actually stands for Professional Bull Riding. However, for you Whiskey Tango brown-baggers, they DO have Pabst Blue Ribbon on tap.Although this place was packed with the Saturday lunch NFL playoff crowd, our wait was less than the 20 minutes the hostess suggested it would be.There is absolutely no shortage of flat-screens. No matter where I faced, I was watching THE game. $7 pint imports & $12 pulled-pork sandwich on what seems to be a Big Mac sesame seed hamburger bun is what I received for lunch. The pulled pork was tasty with their signature root beer BBQ sauce & topped off with a tangy slaw. However, I like pulled pork a little more "pulled" as I was extracting big chunks with every other bite & that weak bun was just not holding up the task at hand. But now I'm just nitpicking. It was still a pretty good sandwich.If you're that girl who loves being the center of attention, there's a bull-ridin' machine that has your name on it...but wait! All you guys can get on that bull as well...and unless you're an actual cowboy, your friends will get a gut-busting laugh as you hang on for dear life.Our server, Christina, (as busy as she was) was really on top of things & very accommodating, never leaving us wanting or parched. Even my wife liked her...and that's sayin' a lot!With the variety of eateries here at the Miracle Mile, I think our taste buds made the right choice.01.08.12We stopped in for Steelers/Bronco game & bellied up to the bar.I have only great things to say about our bartender, Courtney. She really rocked the time we spent here.Solid 3 stars for the food. I'm adding an additional star because Christina & Courtney really went above and beyond to make our experience at PBR enjoyable.May your eats always be tasty & your drinking glass never go empty.I'm out. Peace!
3	Went here on a late Friday evening looking for grub and drinks since we were staying at PH. We came across this place and checked it out. Our medium sized group sat at a nice large table near the main bar. TVs available all around. Sports on TV we're nearly over and there wasn't too busy of a crowd. We ordered drinks, a few appetizers and an entree. I got the hot wings which had a nice kick to them. Nothing much to complain on the food, it was satisfying. Drinks were good, shots were nearly doubles. If you're feeling whimsical, check out their specialty drinks. My cousin tried the Hat Bender and it tasted like a watermelon Jolly Rancher. :)This place was pretty chill when we went. I'm sure if there were games playing this would be bumpin'. There's also a mechanical bull controlled by an employee. Overall a cool experience. Service was friendly and attentive. I wouldn't mind coming back again. Atmosphere was of a sports bar/western feel.
1	Absolutely atrocious service. My fiance and I went it to watch two football games (his Niners and my Broncos) and we found a comfortable seat at a big table, which multiple groups where sharing. We were so excited to watch our games, have some food, and drink some beers. After about five minutes, a server came up to us and took our drink orders, as well as an appetizer to share. About five minutes after that (still no drinks), a hostess came up and said that we needed to move, because this table was reserved. Huh? There were no signs, the waitress already took our order, and we had been sitting there for 10 minutes! We went back and forth with her for a bit, and she was completely rude about it. But here's the kicker...she then said she would put us on the waiting list and we could be seated in 20 - 30 minutes. You've got to be kidding me. We had already ordered our friggen food!We then talked to another hostess, who would barely look us in the face. She said she could take us to the back corner of the bar (barely any TVs), otherwise it would be 20 - 30 minutes. And all the while she was rolling her eyes at us and interrupting us, not considering our side of the story. Pretty sure that "reserved" table was just going to a group of her friends who wanted it last minute. Needless to say we left, but I was blown away. Obviously, this restaurant is doing well if they support turning away paying customers like this. More power to them.
3	It's a fun place.  Go here for the bar style food and cocktails.  Try the southern hospitality.  Goes well with brunch.   :)catfish po boy is solid.fresh made bbq potato chips are win.
4	went there for breakfast outside and sat by the street traffic.  it was great...good food and a wonderful waitress who i can't remember the name of!  we didn't look inside until we went into the mall and this place is HUGE!  went back later in the afternoon and had a beer outside again.  loved the place!
1	My husband had read about this restaurant in his Las Vegas newsletter prior to our trip.  He also looked at the menu on their website which indicated they might have some pretty awesome food . We are self-proclaimed foodies and enjoy trying different restaurants ,splurging and not being calorie conscious when we vacation.We arrived on Sunday morning January 15th and the restaurant was busy  We were told there were only high tables available which we reluctantly agreed to.  Then the hostess attempted to seat us at a 2 person table with a beam right beside us which blocked most of views.  She reluctantly sat us at a 4 person table where we did have great views of all TV's which my husband enjoyed.  Although we noticed there were two regular tables after being seated that were empty, maybe you can reserve those??? Our server came to the table fairly quickly but needless to say she was not very personable.  I realize people have bad days but come on put on a smile & act like you enjoy working there, it really will effect your tip!  I was shocked  when within 2 minutes after we placed our order the table of young men who were sat right before us started receiving their food.  Our food arrived within no less than 10 minutes....to me that is a sign that food is not cooked fresh to order and when I am paying $40 for lunch I expect fresh food.  My husband ordered hot wings with blue cheese dressing. Our server forgot the blue cheese dressing so we had to flag down another server to bring him some.  The wing meat was dry & overcooked which again leads me to believe they were pre-cooked & just reheated.  (Wonder if they have a trillion microwaves running in the kitchen)  He ordered cheesy fries which were hot on top because of the melted cheese but underneath the fries were cold.  I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich with a spicy remoulade sauce which got lost in all the lettuce.  The meat was lukewarm which again leads me to believe we are just reheating in the kitchen and not doing a very good job of that.  I don't believe in sending my food back to any kitchen after watching TV shows where chefs get upset when customers send back food and so they do something atrocious to the food before sending it back out to the unsuspecting customer.  I only gave this restaurant one star because I could not give it zero.  We had planned to take a large party of people to this restaurant when we go back to celebrate our anniversary in March but after our experience there I think not!  This was the most expensive meal we ate the entire weekend and the worst meal....if you want food don't go to this restaurant.  If you want to drink and watch sports this place is for you!
3	Food selection is great.... OMG they have a smores martini and dessert?! Breakfast all day? Chicken and waffle bucket?? Holy crap... WTF do i order?!?! That's what was going through my mind on Saturday when I went. I'll keep it simple:-Food is awesome. I was so happy with my order and I wanted to order like 6 other things too. such a good selection and really yummmmmmmm.......-SERVICE IS CRAP. Our waitress didn't even smile. when she went on break she told us someone would check in on us but they didn't. Her ass didn't even refill our drinks or anything. She came by when the bus boys cleared all of our plates (The bus boys were really nice and did ask us if we needed anything which is like so ass backwards.. +100 stars for them) then asked us if we wanted the bill. I wish I took her name down. We left a $10 tip but really shouldn't have left one at all. I hope she didn't get all of it. So there you go. Honorable mentions: lots of TVs, good choice of beers on tap, mechanical bull in the corner.
3	AhhhHhHHhHHHHhyyaaayyyyaaiiiii.I don't know how to review this place. I came here over the weekend, on Friday, and we came at like.... 12:30pm- maybe closer to 1pm.We (really meaning I) were super hungover and ready to grub on some excellent food. Going against my better judgment, and my trusty yelp, we decided to go here instead of LaSalsas, mostly because we didn't wanna walk anymore.We sat down outside; it was pretty cool actually. They have benches for larger groups and you are allowed to smoke on the patio. There is a huge bar in the middle of the patio with plenty of chairs around it. There were a bunch of TVs outside as well as inside, so I could see how this place would be a fun bar/restaurant  to go to when there is a big game or fight on. The last time I came here, however, the service was shitty. They sat us down and we waited, and waited, and waited... and waited some more, and no one ever came to check on us. We finally went up to the front and had to beg the hostess to get us a waiter. She said she would work on it, but a waiter never came! So we left.So, this is why I say, against my better judgment I went here again on Friday.The service was BETTER, but not great. However, I will give our waitress the benefit of the doubt, and a cut her a little slack, because we did notice she was the only waitress working the patio that day.That being said, the food... was... OK. It wasn't good. It wasn't bad. It was just OK. I got the breakfast burrito. It's drenched in a green-tasteless-trying-to-be-something-its-not sauce. It almost looked like enchilada sauce but it just wasn't. They have the option of adding meat, so maybe I should've done that, but I didn't and I was stuck with a pretty boring burrito.I think that if I came back to this place, it'd be at night time, or for a game. But otherwise, I just can't do it captain.
4	Great happy hour deals. I love the boneless buffalo chicken!  Beer prices are reasonable for Vegas. Awesome people watching outdoor seating area. We frequent this place whenever in Vegas.
1	F this place. Just got to Vegas for the first time, so my friends and I were vey excited for our first meal and beer after the long plane ride.  The outdoor seating was appealing, and we were just looking for an easy lunch.  There were a few tables visibly available, but there was the hostess had no idea what was going on.  We stood there for 10 minutes, but it was clear this place was so unorganized. I wish we turned  back at that point.  A server didn't approach us for at least 20 minutes. When she did, she didn't apologize for the wait, and was quite rude. The four of us each got a beer, and ordered immediately because it had taken so long already. She forgot half our drinks, which literally took another 20 minutes.The food took 40 minutes to come out.  Of course, my plate had a 6-inch black curly hair on half of my plate, which was the icing on the plate.  The waitress saw me look in disgust, and it was impossible to miss as it was on top of my eggs/bacon.  I normally don't send back, but I really wanted to.  However, I did not because we would have still been there. So I took one for the team, kept my plate, and ate about 2 bites as I instantly lost my appetite even though I was ravenous.  So yeah- 2 hours, awful service, awful food, and a nice big long hair in my food.Avoid at all costs. Worst place ever.
2	I was excited to try a new place on the strip! I had friends come in from out of town and this place came to mind. I have seen it many times while playing tourist. It was always pretty busy, so I thought, let's give it a try.I ordered the chili cheese burger with fries. 2 of my friends got the burger that had fried pickles and my other friend had the club.  The food came out quick and presentation was fine. The burgers weren't huge, but enough for one person. My burger was just okay. Nothing impressive. The fries on the other hand were very tasty! Prices on the menu were average for a place on the strip.  I won't be going back to this place.  Service was great, but the food is nothing to write home about. There are a lot more places on the strip that are 10 times better.
5	Yes, this place is good, my kid enjoyed making his own pizza.
5	This place rocks.  As good a sports bar as there is anywhere.  Lots of TV's, great bar scene, food is above average and the service is first rate.  You don't go there for gourmet meals, but for a sports bar, the food is well above average.Lots of 20-30 something single girls, which truly makes this place a great sports bar.
5	AH! This place is AMAZING! I literally wanted to eat here everyday, and pretty much did! They have one of the best menus I have ever seen. Everything from breakfast served all day to sweet potato tots to Dorito encrusted mac and cheese. There were so many crazy, ecclectic things on the menu that I literally wanted to order one of everything just to say that I have had it! I ordered the bacon and egg grilled cheese and it was heavenly! Everything was cooked perfectly and it got me wondering why I don't make these bad boys at home! Also, their french fries are delicious and perfectly crispy. The atmosphere is that of your typical sports bar and the service is just fine. It's the menu options alone that are earning all 5 stars for me in this review!
5	I have been here several times now and as I continue to eat various items on the menu it continues to impress me. It is really hard to find great food on the strip, this place has figured out how to do it right! I had the Taco Salad 2 nights in a row for dinner and loved it. We had the boneless chicken wings in BBQ sauce during the super bowl and I loved them, actually wish that I was still in Vegas because they sound really good right about now. I can't remember off hand what I have eaten here the prior three times that I'd eaten here, however I know that I was just as impressed. They have amazing deserts, I have had the chocolate chip skillet cookie and now the glazed donuts and I must say that both were excellent. Buckets of beer, excellent food, TONS of TV's and a great atmosphere ... not sure what more one could ask for.
1	DO NOT GO IN THIS PLACE!!! I made a yelp account just to write this review for this horrid place.I never knew I could get the WORST POSSIBLE SERVICE EVER, especially in Las Vegas. If you're thinking bout eating in here, TURN AROUND and go to Pinks just outside or Lobster me next to fat tuesday.I ate here with my friends Friday 2/10/12 for breakfast and we were sure in for a treat. We got seated right away and asked for orange juices all around. 5 minutes later someone comes to take our order: 2 Classic Breakfasts, Sausage Biscuits, Bucket of Wings, Steak & Eggs, and Breakfast Skins (Potato Skins). Waiter comes back with waters all around, still no orange juice. 15 min later.. Bucket of wings come out; pretty good, not the best but still somewhat satisfying. (Still no orange juice)20 minutes have gone by no orange juice and still no food at our table. We're getting restless and impatient. Since no one bothered to ask us for refills we asked one of the waiters passing by to see if our food was ready. Another 5 minutes later, our food has arrived. Classic breakfast - Eggs were cold. Not hot. Not warm. Cold. Tater tots cold. Bacon was the only thing even close to warm.Sausage biscuits - You can tell by the look of congealed formation of skin on the gravy on the biscuits that it was only possible to achieve this look from sitting around too long. Not to mention that the biscuits were getting harder by the second. Hopefully they think twice before putting their biscuits in the microwave. Breakfast skins - Looks nice. No sour cream?? Potato skins were not even baked long enough, no crisp whatsoever. Steak & Eggs - Asked for medium rare, came out well done.After all our food was delivered, we had to ask for our orange juices. We couldn't even finish our food because of the low quality of food and service. I don't understand how you can eat at a restaurant and not even get asked "how's everything tasting?" "would you like refills?" "everything come out ok?" not once. After we asked for the check the busboy had was cleaning the table, literally everything while we were still sitting down. Picking up silverware, napkins, dishes, and even wiping it down while we were trying to pay. Couldn't it have waited till after we left? I would never come back to this God-forsaken place. Worst quality of food. Worst possible customer service. Worst lack of integrity for a restaurant. Save yourself the time and eat at pinks 2 min away or lobster me down the walkway, you won't regret it.
4	Roaming down the strip with drink in hand - my roomie & i went all the way from TI/Mirage to PH/Aria. Naturally, parts of it were a blur, but all I can distinctively remember is my Napolean Dynamite-intense craving for tater tots. In my desperation, I practically asked every restaurant on the side of the strip if they served tater tots. But, we finally meandered our way to PH and found the ROCK BAR. My roomie knew of this place because she likes that the alcoholic slushies in the guitar/bud light containers. But, we didn't know they had food. Asked if they had tater tots, answered yes, & we were SOLD - or at least I was. And from my fuzzy memory, I recall a giant glorious basket of deep fried golden-brown perfection. I really don't think anyone should have that much starch + deep fried food in a 15 minute window. But, I snarfed those puppies down (smothered in ketchup of course) with the utmost satisfaction. Rockbar has a plethora of drunchie/bar finger food. Yumm-o.
1	The night started out really well but ended so miserably that I will likely never come back here.Brought my five friends here for a going away party. Our first two servers were wonderful, friendly, and helpful. Our third server was a nightmare.Most of us had the $10 open bar which was a good deal for the ones who were drinking. We shared an order of sweet potato tots that were really awesome and the chocolate chip cookie skillet which was great too. My friend chicken was dry and bland but I didn't mind so much. By the time we were ready to go it took about 15-20 minutes to flag down our server for the bills. It wasn't particularly busy either. When we got the bills a few things had been charged twice. Took another 5-10 minutes to flag down our server to fix this. She stomped away. Got the bill back again and divided it from there. We even wrote out the last four digits of each credit card number and the amount to charge to make it easier. When we got back our bills I find that mine has been charged a bit more than I expected. When adding it all up later in the evening (wish I had done it right there) I find it was charged an extra $15. Wouldn't be such an issue if that wasn't about 50% more than what I should have been charged. Not sure if there was an auto gratuity added onto just MY bill but if that was the case I should have been informed. Granted I probably should have figured this out before we left but by then we had waited over 30 minutes to pay and leave. We mostly just wanted to get out of there and I seriously doubted the server's competence in fixing the bill (even after a third try). I also come home to find an e-mail stating that they cancelled my reservation for no reason even though I showed up. Funny, I could swear the hostess had checked me in but apparently they cancelled me. How odd.My first experience here was fabulous but this one has left such an awful taste in my mouth that I doubt I will return.
5	Stopped here for lunch one day and the Pulled Pork sandwich was out of this world, pure deliciousness! Oh and the catfish bites, another great menu item!Def someplace worth checking out for a great meal! Another plus, is they have a mechanical bull, and why not be the only person riding the bull at 1 in the afternoon lol, but im sure it gets crowed at night.
2	Go to a buffet... This was overpriced food. My gf didn't want to do a buffet bc we always do buffets but this place was overpriced. Same cost if you got a cheap buffet. This is a bar place but we wanted regular breakfast/brunch/lunch food and it just...wasn't good.Food:I ordered a chicken sandwich with my gf and they split it for us. Wtf,this was a tiny sandwich. It was falling apart as you ate it too. I was just shocked with the price or a small sandwich - $15My gfs ordered soup and it was incredibly SALTY. They were able to change it but man... It was ad.Ambiance: very bar scene. So I didn't expect much or the food. I bet the drinks are overpricely great.  Overall: skip it for breakfast-lunch, but you cn drink there
3	Well I went here twice during the week for lunch but I admit it was mostly because of the patio.  Great location, very central on the strip and easy to meet friends at.The first time I felt screwed by the waitress as she kept bringing buckets of beer, and I don't think anyone was asking for it.  She was also assuming the previous order was the same s the next order which wasn't the case because some of the guys were leaving. long story short, we ended up leaving behind four full beers that we paid for, but didn't order.The second time I went was great.  I can't complain. And it was very relaxing.  The food is typical bar food, no big deal, but it is such a nice way to chill when you've been walking around all morning.
1	I wish I could give this place 0 stars. So many problems, no redeeming qualities. I'll do it in list form.1. We put our name down with a group of 12, they gave us a buzzer and told us 30 min. When we came back after 20 min to check on the status of our table they said oops, someone came up and said they were you so we gave your table away. Our buzzer didn't even go off. We didn't want to wait any longer so we split into 2 groups.2. One girl in our group had celiac (gluten intolerant) so she asked the waitress if a menu item was gluten free. The waitress didn't know so my friend asked if she could check with the cook, and she said she would. My friend forgot to double check that she had asked the cook, but the waitress clearly did not check, and my friend was in bed with a horrible stomach ache all day long.3. I ordered grits (because that's what I like when I'm hung over) which were $3, I asked for cheese on top. The cheese on top was an additional $3. $3 for cheese??? That's f&%king ridiculous.4. Out of 6 people at our table, the waitress forgot to put in 2 of the orders. How do you forget 1/3 of the orders?? So they came out like 20 min after the others. Granted, we weren't charged for them but by that time we just wanted to get the hell out.5. No one liked their meals that much, food was just blah. Go to earl of sandwich across the way, sandwiches are better and your expectations for service are lower so you aren't disappointed.
4	I was in Vegas this weekend with a group of 9 girls for a bachelorette party. We stayed at Planet Hollywood and decided to hit up the PBR Rock Bar & Grill on our way out and to get our bride to be on their awesome mechanical bull. We had a reservation and they seemed to not be able to find it, but got is up pretty quickly. The host were friendly, asked how our bachelorette party was going so far and were very helpful. Once we were sat the next half hour SUCKED. I don't want my rant to be the firsxt thing you read so if you'd like to hear about our shitty server read about him at the end. After 45 mins, barely getting our water, going to the manager 2 times already.....I go to the manager once more....I feel like a bitch but come on. The manager says he (Kim) and the other manager (Josh) will go ahead and take care of our table personally. By the time I get back to our table Josh is handing out our shots he said he wanted to compliment us. This got our mood going back in the right direction and our order was placed and we were on our way to an awesome dinner. The food was amazing, I had The Boss Salad, and the fried pickles and jalapeno poppers were great. The other girls loved their food as well. The managers both checked on us ever couple mins, filled waters, cleared plates, go utensils, and brought everything we needed. The manager Josh looked like Clark Kent and one of our girls even told him so, he took it with a chuckle but didn't open his shirt, so who knows, he might be! The bussers were very helpful along side the managers, and definitely saved the day! Thanks Josh and Kim for making it up and turning a disaster around! Josh even brought us bull riding tickets and we got our bride up on that bull! If it hadn't been for the dick server, this would have gotten 5 stars. Loved the food, environment, host, bussers, bull, and of course the managers. Say hi to Josh and Kim if you go by and let them know you heard about them on Yelp.The bad parts of dinner:Our server took a few mins to approach us, and said he'd get us a round of waters, while he was there a host came up saying they could hook us up for a better table outside. We said that sounded great and would wait to order our food until we got out there. We waited 10 mins, no water, busser came by with water and the server sent him away with our water saying we were moving. (maybe he didn't want to carry our water outside?) Waited 10 mins, no water. I mentioned it to our server again and jokingly said maybe we should be given shots since we've been waiting so long for water. Waited 10 more mins, still no water. I'm at this point thirsty and annoyed and all the girls are talking about how long it's been. I go to the host, ask for a manager, explain what's going on, and they said they'd tell the manager. We have a manager stop by, I explain what's going on, and he said he'd get us a round of shots. We see the manager by the back talking to the server and look at us, so I know he's talking about us. Waited 10 more mins, still no water, and we haven't seen our server. We grab a busser and ask for water and have it within 2 mins. I go to the host stand again and this time a new manager is walking up and I explain our situation. I couldn't believe we had been there so long and had barely gotten our water. The manager says he'll take care of it and we see both managers then talking to the server. I think the servers name was Tony? Not sure he even told us. He then comes to our table, confronts us by starting with, "What's the problem here, I got you your water, I thought you were moving, it's not my fault". He then asks us if we want a new server and as everyone is just looking down because they can't believe we're being confronted, I blurt out a yes please and he turns around and storms away. This server is going to lose the restaurant business. How ballsy for him to confront his table like that.
1	I wish I could give them 0 stars.We made a point of visiting PBR while NASCAR was in town (March 9-11, 2012) only because of their PBR promotional flyers & website ads which read: Patrons who attend the high-intensity races may enjoy a 10 percent dining discount when they present their ticket stubs from the event throughout the weekend, as well as a complimentary open bar within an hour after the races finish.I was in charge of picking the bar to enjoy the Saturday (Nationwide) race. Out of all the sports bars (or bars for that matter) in Las Vegas, I brought our group of five to PBR because of the promotion. We planned on eating and drinking for two hours and then enjoy the free drinks an hour after the race and then take 10% off the dining portion of our bill. Unfortunately things did not go that way.I made a reservation via OpenTable for five, and when we arrived I asked for the hostess to seat us so we had a tv with a view of the race. She replied, "we have tvs everywhere, I'm sure you'll see the race." She proceeded to sit us at a booth that fit five people comfortably, yet NOT ONE TV HAD THE RACE ON - all were on college basketball. Before the hostess left I said to her, "can we change a tv to the race?" She replied, "only the manager can change the channels - I'll have him come over."The manager does not arrive, but our waitress does. She gives us menus and takes our drink order. I tell her our predicament and she replied she'd send the manager over. TWENTY MINUTES LATER we still hadn't seen the manager and were missing our sporting event. Our waitress apologized profusely and said she didn't know what more to do - she had asked the manager to come over multiple times and change the channel for us. Just to be clear, no one was watching the tv we wanted changed. Upset I was being ignored and missing the race, I got up, took my bucket of beers and walked over to a table near the bar which had a view of three tvs showing the race. Next a bus boy walks up to our table and says, "you can't sit here - that table has been assigned to someone else already. You need to visit the hostess to get a table." I replied to him, "No, I am sitting here because I asked to be seated in an area with the race and was not, and your manager is too busy to come and change a damn channel for us - so I am sitting here." Of course he didn't like my answer and went to the hostess. Now the hostess comes to our table and says, "you can't sit here I have this table booked for another party." Not only did I repeat my comment, but my husband was even louder. She turned and walked away.Our first waitress came over to our table and introduced us to our new waiter. In front of us she explained our predicament and told us the bucket of beer would be moved over to a new ticket and apologized she couldn't get the manager to change a channel for us. We told her it wasn't her fault and we would be happy now that we could see the race. She was not upset and our new waiter was happy to serve us. We thought all was on the right track.Well, we won our bet on the race (YEAH!) but as soon as they waved the checkered flag we asked for our free drinks per the promotion. Our waiter told us the only beer selections were Bud or Bud Light. We don't drink Bud or Bud Light - so we had a well drink. It was healthy and we were happy. As soon as we finished the first drink was asked for a second. Again, we figured since the promotion was an open bar for one hour - the service would be slow and we would get at most three free drinks. Well get this: upon ordering our second well drink our waiter tells us, "oh, it's just ONE free drink." And I said, "WHAT?!"Again, promotion read:  Patrons who attend the high-intensity races may enjoy a 10 percent dining discount when they present their ticket stubs from the event throughout the weekend, ***as well as a complimentary open bar within an hour after the races finish.*** Where does that say ONE DRINK? BULLSH*T!At that point I ask for the check because I was through with crappy establishment. And when I asked for the bill I reminded them of the 10% dining discount. This time our waiter said, "Oh, that discount is if you don't get a free drink - it's either one or the other." My husband came unglued! I think I cursed. Our waiter said, "Let me check though, you are my first customers asking for the discount."'Fuming, I sat at the table thinking about all the other bars we could've enjoyed the race as well as spent our out of town dollar...the food was barely average (I had a salad and my husband had a burger) and the service was horrible from the hostess & manager (waitstaff worked very hard). Our waiter returned and said, "Sorry, I was wrong, you do get 10% off your dining portion" as we all made some sort of comment about actually doing what your promotion says.I am also going to review this horrible establishment on OpenTable too. Seriously people - this place sucked. STAY AWAY!
3	Sometimes in life, you just have to punch yourself in the nuts.  And the PBR Rock Bar & Grill is a great place for that.  You see, they have a large bar inside and a decent sized bar outside.  Happy Hour provides good drinking for cheap. (for Vegas)  Then, when it starts raining and you go inside, and the girls you're failing so miserably to pick up sit at the counter ouside of the mechanical bull, you HAVE to ride the thing to impress them.  I've ridden one before...in khakis and boxers.  Big mistake.  Anyway, you basically just get to junk punch yourself over and over until you have the worst sideache ever, or you actually fall off.  I fell off after two junk punches.  But then something funny happened.  Two shots and two beers later, I magically could feel my testicles again, and felt I needed to show off for the two girls one last time.  Plus, my friend got there and said he needed video of me junk punching myself since he wasn't there the first time.  So, back on it and this time I said, "Take the pain!  Take the pain!"  And I did...for far too long, until I got 360'd at a very high rate of speed and flew 20 feet.I'm not sure if the girls were impressed, (doubt it) but my friend bought me a drink.The end.
4	Honestly was scared when I read the reviews AFTER sitting down, but I didn't have any of their experiences.  Place was packed, service was acceptable, burger was awesome.  Would return.
1	Wow!!....I didn't think I could have a worse experience than this.After we spent $75 at the Bar we decided to move to a vacant table. In spite of there being well over 10 empty tables we were told we needed to wait in line. (there was no line!) Then we were told there would be an additional minimum charge of $50 more or we could have a seat back at the bar.We went back to the bar - the manager came over to talk to us. We complained about the way we were treated. Obviously the manager was embarrassed in front of the other customers and we were asked to leave.Absolutely, the worst!
1	The only good thing about this place was the bucket of beer... And the bull. Do not eat the food. Yuck.
3	I had a couple of classic margaritas here with some appetizers.  Buffalo wings and mini corndogs.  The margaritas were the most expensive feature on the tab but as good as they were, 3 cups ran me $24.  I might as well have went with the yard at $40. :)  Anywhere you sit, it is quite loud and ambient with music.  Save your receipt and you can get two beers for $8 and a ride on the bull.  Sit outdoors and soak in the afternoon sun!  Mind you, keep in mind that service can be at certain times slow, which can be expected.
4	2 for $8 PBR, Miller Light and Bud Light Lime, WHAT WHAT!A deals a deal in Vegas and a good deal makes you feel equally as triumphant because they're few and far between!  Plus I'm a girl who likes a special, so there's that too...This kinda became our go to bar for killing time/drinking and grabbing snacks late night since we were staying at Planet Hollywood and this is connected to the hotel.  The outdoor patio is pretty sweet although we were there during the mid afternoon and service was pretty iffy.  Apparently shifts were changing and we kinda got the shaft on  who was our server.  We were pretty determined to find drinks, so it wasn't too hard grabbing someone else to find that someone else that was taking care of us.Everything on the menu late night sounded good at 3am... I mean, why would that be?!  Tator tots, ordered!  Chicken wings, ordered!  Supreme nacho's: stole a couple bites from friends.  Jalapeno poppers: cheesy goodness! 3am also brought the most entertaining activity, bull riding.  Yelp, bucking bull in the building.  Would I get on?  Probably not, unless provoked.  Will I watch?  Heck yeah... Vegas is so great for people watching, but people watching while riding a bull... Priceless!
1	I have been to PBR Rock Bar & Grill twice.  The first time, we had five different servers over the course of our meal, had to wait an hour for the food to come out, then had to send it back three different times because it wasn't right.  And we ordered chili dogs.  Really?The second time, we actually intended to go to Earl of Sandwich, but their registers were malfunctioning so they couldn't take orders.  Starving, we ended up back at PBR.  We were seated promptly, but then we sat for a total of twenty minutes without one server even looking our way.  The place wasn't exactly packed either, and all the servers were just standing around watching someone ride the electric bull.  When I walked out, I let the hostess know that we had been sitting for a long time with no service.  Her response?  She just laughed hysterically.  Umm, that's not an appropriate reaction to a customer complaint.
4	Seriously people 3 stars? I stayed at Planet Hollywood last weekend and this was the place to get drinks, some grub and especially a late night snack. I came here twice over the weekend and it never disappointed but I was also drunk the entire time but from what I remember it was BOMB. I had the tater tots and pepperoni pizza the first night and then me and the girls had a late lunch the next day and had a smorgasboard, Spaghettios, Doritos Mac and Cheese (which was amazing) I had a sandwich my friend had a chili cheese dog. Yeah it was a feast for drunk girls. I will be dreaming of that Mac and Cheese sooo good!!!!!! Oh and their beer specials are perfect for the cheap beer drinkers!
3	Like the atmosphere, but all the food is comfort food and is decent.  The buffalo wings were really good though.  Drink prices are expensive.  Lots of people riding the bull.  They have a outside patio which is nice.
2	You're in Las Vegas, so there are a million other food and drink options to choose from. Only if you're hardcore into PBR, country music, and Bud Light would I recommend coming here.The mini corndogs we ordered were pretty awesome and started our meal off very well. The shrimp po-boy I ordered made my change my opinion about this place right away.. Enough shrimp, certainly, but the sandwich was hard to eat and there was almost no sauce, so the sandwich was really bready and dry.I expect bathroom attendants in really nice clubs and restaurants, but PBR Rock bar? What are they thinking? Pet peeve of mine. Probably why this review is 2 stars and not 3.
1	Horrible service.  We asked for split bills at the beginning ...they couldn't do it?!?!? Been here twice first time drinks took about 15-20 minutes when we were about the only people there.  Second time food came fast just management and staff are clueless.  Place to avoid.
4	Stopped by to get the infamous Guitar filled with Daiquiri ! I didn't want am AMF which is the standard for the guitars at most other places (AMF makes me black out -_-)I got a strawberry Daiquiri, the guitar is about $40 and an extra three shots for $6. This put it over the top, the 3 shots were poured into the bottom and the daiquiri on top, the first few sips were nasty, but the rest was pretty weak, maybe shake it up first !
3	Why go to a bar if you can buy alcohol just around the corner?!  It's not like they serve craft beer or have flare bartenders... but what the hey... this place seems to always be a meeting place for a bunch of peeps because it was close to the hotel where we were staying.  It's a chain bar that has a bunch of locations all over the country so, it's not super special.  If you like country, beer pong, mechanical bulls, bartenders with spikey mohawks (dudes) and cowboy boots (chicks)... and don't care too much for food... Then this place is for you.  Yee haw!
3	Don't order any food here. The food is gross and I don't think the kitchen looked very sanitary. PBR does offer really strong margaritas though, served in a cool little jar. They also over standard selection of beer.
5	Close as your going to find to some really greasy spoon food. They have tv's of which they play sports on, downside: there's no SOUND WTF! They have a mechanical bull!They are strip facing so it's easy to get in that way. BAD: they are at PH which if you are a local is terrible to park at . Right across from the Cosmo! They have live music outside in the evening AND they have outside seating. They are also situated right next ot the PH sports book #score! So you can place bets really easily.They have a back room that seats like 20. WHY they don't advertise this for sports watching/rental with a minimum spend I don't know. It has couches, it has flip cup, it has tv's, and wait for it ...it has SOUND! or can have sound. Went there with my friend's bachelor party and sat in this special room, it was awesome!  Their menu is amazing: breakfast, lunch, and dinner. They even had a grilled PB&J which my friend actually ordered, but their roasted chicken salad sandwich *crowd pleaser* I went back to eat there just for that sandwich
5	Very good and quick service. Great food reasonable price.
3	The line at the Wicked Spoon was too long so we headed over to the mall.  This was the first place that we saw.  As 3 starving hungover girls it satisfied us just fine.  I ordered the chicken fajitas which were surprisingly tasty.  The service was definitely slow and the sodas cost $4 a pop.
1	We went here before going to the airport on our last night in Vegas.  Food was just okay, but the service was TERRIBLE despite it being a slow Monday night.  The waiter was young and inexperienced (and since we were a party of six gratuity was already added so he must have thought he didn't need to try hard).  It wasn't until after I got home and checked my bank statement did I see that he had helped himself to $103.00 tip.  My receipt shows a bill for $33.00.  After calling the manager several times with no response, I will be filing a fraudulent claim with my bank.  Just thought I would let fellow diners know that there are so many better options on the strip and customer service here is severely flawed.
4	Great food. Stopped here for a late night snack after partying in Vegas. Food came quick and was delicious. Try the french fries covered with chili and cheese, it was amazing!!!! Pic included. Too much for 1 person though.
3	It's Vegas so it's pretty loud:) It's not very healthy food but it was good. The service was very nice. The have a mechanical bull which was fun to watch:) We had a few sandwiches like the grilled chicken melt. Greasy but yummy:) It comes with a side like potato salad which was also good.
1	50 mins after ordering to get average food!  Server barely checked in. Not recommended
3	This place looked pretty legit so I gave it a chance. It wasn't anything amazing but the nachos we had were pretty good. I was surprised with a barbeque like chip that was used but it still tasted pretty great.The waitress was cool, but I wasn't about to take crap from anyone for having a glass of reisling. It's a good thing she was nice and very helpful, otherwise she would've dealt with my wrath.The price of the food was WAY overpriced for what we were getting. I could've easily gone to a Red Robin and got the same stuff for like 10 bucks cheaper. If you had any other option that was cheaper, I'd go with another option. The alcohol was expensive as well.All in all, this place seems average with what other restaurants have. It's not a place you have to stop by and eat at unless you're a sport nut.
1	Let me first start off by saying, I started this Yelp account solely on the experience here. Let's see, where shall I begin....before even going in, we were looking at the menu on the outside at which one of the hostess gave us a 10% off if we decided to eat there. We saw some entrees we would eat on the menu so we went in. First, the waiter was very friendly. We went during lunch. It wasn't busy at all. It apparently was happy hour but they said you had to go to a separate bar however, no one was at that bar. Once we were ready, we ordered our drinks, appetizer and food. Our lunch came out before our appetizer. When the waiter realized it, my husband refused it at that point but the manager came out and said she would comp it so we agreed to take it, even though it was late and pointless. The food was average. The sweet tea was delish though!! While waiting to receive our bill, one of those outside camera ladies came up and asked if we would like our picture taken. She had a very strong accent so it was really hard to understand her but just said "sure" anyway. When she came back after developing the photos and showing us the cost, we refused and she was a bit annoyed and rude about it. Whatever.Once we got our bill, we noticed the appetizer was not comped. We didn't say anything cause we figured if we got comped for the appetizer, we wouldn't use the 10% off. Then the waiter noticed we had the 10% off so he said "oh, I didn't see that, I will adjust the bill." When he came back, the amount wasn't even touched. We paid for the appetizer we didn't want since it was late but agreed to take cause we were told it would be comped AND we didn't even get the 10% off they gave us at the door.Will we be back?? NO!! I recommend you stay clear of this place and their false advertisement!!!!!!
5	First of all anyone who gives this place anything under four stars is just ridiculous!  My husband and I ate there two times, and every single thing we ate was awesome!  We were taken there by my stepson and his friend who had eaten there before and honestly if we go back we WILL go again and will take whoever we are with!  We had dinner one night, and before we left Vegas we went back for breakfast.So let me tell you about my two favorites there.  First off I think they are called Bucking Bronco Fries or something like that.  French fries, smothered in nacho cheese sauce, topped with bacon, onions, and of course a drizzle of buffalo wing sauce..OMG!!! I am going to attempt to make these, but I can't imagine I can make them like this!  Very large portions on everything!  Second I am a big omelet person, and so the first time we went for breakfast I didn't see one so we went elsewhere.  Finally I went, my husband wanted the fries again, and so I tried the breakfast burrito..AMAZING!  First off it is huge and PACKED with the fillings, I could not finish this.  The green sauce they put on top is simply the best and I would love to buy a freakin jar full of it!!!  I say when you see Yelp reviews and most are high and only a few are low, GO FOR IT!  Give it a try and make your own review.  For me this is one of those places I am glad I tried, it was truly one of my favorites of all my Vegas food stops : )
2	--[ Food ]---I had the nacho chips and a bacon wrapped hot dog. I know I am a fatty :P The nacho chips are really good. I think it was the cheese sauce! Either way, I highly suggest it! The hot dog on the other hand was okay, Nothing like the hot dogs you get in the streets of LA after a night of clubbing. Then again, I might just be to drunk to notice that they taste horrible. LoL. Over all the food here is good. You really can't go wrong with anything... --[ Service ]---REALLY BAD. I don't know who to blame. The manager for only having 2 waiters for all of the patio area or the 2 waiters. I am leaning towards the manager O_o.  Who honestly schedules 2 waiters on the 4th of July for all of the patio area? I honestly felt bad for the guy. --[ Conclusion ]--We came here on 4th of July because we were assured by the staff at PBR that we would get the best seats to see the fireworks outside. Well, we got the best seats, BUT THERE WERE NO FIREWORKS!!! If they fixed the service here, this place could be a solid 4.
3	This review is for the bar only.  I can't speak to the food.  My buddy and I had a pretty good time here late one Sunday night.  It's a good place to listen to music, drink, and watch the drunks ride the mechanical bull.  I rode it twice.
5	I love this place, any time I'm leaving a club with friends or just wanna get a drink I come here. If you like mango drinks try the Coral Crush I believe it's called, soooo damn good. It's like drinking a mango alcoholic slushi.
5	On Wednesday my boyfriend and I were walking around in the PH Miracle Mile shops and were handed a card for college night here-open bar until 1 am with college ID, $5 for girls/$10 for guys. We figured it would be a good place to pre game and then we would figure out somewhere to go after, maybe Gallery upstairs. We were surprised to find that the inside of the bar was much more club-y than bar-y. Started with classic rock which was kind of fun and expected considering the vibe of the place, but by 11 it had switched to loud top-40 once the college crowd started to fill up the place. The floor was packed with drunk college students dancing like crazy... we left around 1 when the thought of another vodka-red bull seemed like a really bad idea! I can't think of anywhere cheaper in Vegas to drink/party/pregame if you have guys in tow, although I did feel bad for the poor fools who bothered to pay for bottle service here, honestly even for non-college students it was $20 for guys for cover + open bar until 1... That said, if you're a group of girls you can probably find better open bar options early in the night in Vegas.
3	The food here was perfectly good, no complaints there, but I think our waitress got pissed off that we didn't want any alcohol with dinner (we'd had quite a bit in the room beforehand) and therefore proceeded to ignore us for the remainder of our stay there. We pretty much were served by random different people for the rest of the meal. Which was fine, they were all nice, but it doesn't equal quality service.
1	I'd like to give this place two stars based on my first experience with this place but alas you are only as good as your last encounter PBR Rock Bar.  I know you can do better as you have!  The original time I went here was a year ago for my Sister's 21st bday.  We sat in the outside patio area and had a blast!  The waitress was awesome, drink specials were decent and the atmosphere was great.  So when we were in Vegas for 4th of July weekend this year, again celebrating a 21st bday this time for my cousin, we were super excited to go back here.  It was a Sunday and they had all these advertisements for something like $10 all you can drink from 9pm-1am.  As it was almost 9pm we asked one of the hype women standing out front of the outside bar that was yelling about the special.   (I call them hype women as I don't think they were waitresses and they didn't know enough information to be a hostess.) They said yes come back at 9pm and for $10 we could drink until 1am.  PERFECT!  So we came back around 915pm and grabbed a seat at the outdoor bar.  Once we sat down the waitress came up and we inquired about the special.  This is where it went downhill, FAST!  She told us that the special wasn't for the outside bar it was only for inside.  Umm OK?!  So we went inside and asked the snotty hostess there about it.  She said she had no clue what were talking about to which we pointed to the sign right next to her stating the special.  She pointed us down the hall and said to ask down there.  We walked a few feet to another entrance.  Upon entering this rundown, hole-in-the-wall looking area we saw an empty bar to our right and a couple beer pong tables to our left and another bar behind them.  There was an employee moving tables and cleaning floors and then a few couples playing beer pong - no one else.  A waitress finally walked up to us to see if we needed help and we again brought up the promotion, which we found was Twitter driven so you had to become their Twitter fan in order to partake.  Side note here: I have done this type of promotion in Vegas before and they ALWAYS SUCK!  You will get every line in the book about why you aren't applicable - "we ran out," "We served all we can on that promotion," " where did you see that at?" etc, etc - it's only to get you in the door and they figure since you are there you will spend money!  Ok back to the terrible service at PBR - so the waitress gets the GM/Promoter of this special to help us.  This guy walks up to us doesn't introduce himself and is as cold as can be.  He asks what we need and we AGAIN repeat why we are there.  He asks if we all have a Twitter and we say yes and that we understand the promotion.  Then he looks to my cousin who is wearing a tank top and asks if he has another shirt to put on.  Now keep in mind it's July, in Vegas, and 120 degrees outside.  No my cousin says to him and the guys says Oh well then we can't serve you.  We inquire about the three guys playing beer pong ALL in tank tops and he says that they aren't here for that promotion.  WTF?! What do you have to wear a suit now to a rinky dink, drab bar in order to pay $10 to drink all  you want of their watered down well drinks?!  That was the last straw - we left all quite irritated.  If he didn't want to make the $50 he could have off of us and if he wanted to lessen the servers/bartenders tip money that night so be it.  If he is the person running this place I honestly want to have nothing to do with it.  Word of mouth travels fast and I've already recommended a few good places (AHEM Peppermill) to friends on their way to Vegas this Summer and rest assured PBR Rock Bar is NOT one of them.
4	I liked it from the atmosphere to the food.  The mechanical bull is fun and the waitresses are awesome.  And as far as I know the beer was cheap (I was drinking PBR though) .  Went twice and got the quesodilla appetizer the first time and a burger the second.  Both were very tasty and worth every penny
4	Good food when you're drunk. I had their garden salad with chicken and it was bomb. The only downside is that it's tooooo loud inside!
4	The service was slow, but then again they were packed.I really enjoyed the food - but did not come here expecting to eat healthy.  I came looking for greasy bar food, and that's exactly what I got - with an added surprise that they offer some kind of signature loaded fries (can't remember the name) which had all the wonderful things you expect to be on loaded fries, plus wing sauce!!It was everything I had hoped for, and cheap as well!
4	I was staying at the Planet Hollywood and this place was in the shopping center connected to the hotel... Convienient.They had plenty of reps passing out drink coupons and passes to ride the mechanical bull. More than a couple times friends and I got the yard margaritas with an extra shot of 151 for another few bucks.On another night they offered a very cheap deal on bottle service inside their club side of the place.  It was Smirnoff Vodka, not the greatest, but it's better than nothing.I'm glad I could have a good time without traveling too far from my hotel in the Summer Vegas heat.
4	This is a solid mix of fun and drinking. The best part is watching drunk people ride the bull
5	This place is pretty cool! The food was great! If your just looking for a burger, chip and dip type of place, then this is the right spot for you.I highly recommend the artichoke dip and chips...AMAZING!!! The drinks are strong and with each meal you get a free pass to ride the bull!The bull ride is so much fun and i did it about 5xs and the crowd are pretty cool ,fun and nice!
3	I always try and give servers the benefit of the doubt when it's busy but the service was not the best. The food was okay, little salty but good. My water was never refilled the server never came by to check on us. The expediter delivered our food then took off, never asked if we needed anything else (I could have used that water). The atmosphere was good, I'd come back for drinks but not to eat. And next time I come back I want to know how you get to ride that tire swing!!
4	Really nice food, good atmosphere but the service can be a bit hit and miss.
2	I can't say that I was too pleased with my brunch here.The server was nice enough and the food came out pretty quickly, but what's the point of having tv's in the outdoor patio section if there's a huge glare reflecting off of them? Our purpose of coming here was to watch the football game while eating and when we asked to be moved indoors it created a huge issue that confused everyone. Also, there was a hair in my friend's pancake. The server asked if he wanted something to replace it and my friend chose wings. Near the end of the meal another pancake magically showed up. We thought, "Cool! Comp'ed wings and a comp'ed pancake!" Then we were informed that the pancake was the only thing taken off the bill. We were under the impression that the wings were replacing the pancake and that they'd be free. We never asked for a replacement pancake.The food was your standard Denny's style food, except with ridiculous prices. Oh well; you live and you learn I suppose.
5	When we went as a group, we were quickly seated even though it was pretty packed. Our food came quick and was warm and delicious! Deep fried pickles, jalepeno poppers, sandwiches, it was all good and at a great price. If we had more time, I would have loved to ride the bull!
1	Possibly the worst customer service orientation I have seen in Las Vegas. we we invited to join a table of four and, though there was plenty of capacity in the venue, apparently there was no possible way to accommodate this. Then, after we were seated separately within shouting distance, we were told it was not possible for one table to buy drinks for another table as they were "different sections". It could have been lazy service but, since the rest of the service was pretty good if not great, I suspect it is management. Too many good places in Vegas, skip this one!
4	This review is soley for their giant Daiquiris.Mango mixed with Pina Colada is the way to go! I love a good BRAIN FREEZE.
3	This place actually exceeded my expectations.  I give the food 4 stars - good selection, moderately priced for the strip, good portions and tastey.  I had the grilled PB&J with bananas.  Elvis would be proud.  The service unfortunately gets only 1 star.  Be prepared to wait, wait, and wait some more for the servers.  Get a table where you can see the mechanical bull to pass the waiting time.  It was especially entertaining when plus sized members of bachelorette parties rode the bull.  Oh yeah, it's loud as hell in there.
5	This place is SO awesome, I have to "re Yelp" it. I was there several times during my annual Vegas summer trip and the food, and customer service is great. This year was a special Vegas trip, as we got engaged!! (at Freemont St though,  not here. Lol). Trying to stay on my health kick, I ordered a salad there. I can't remember the name, but it was a gamechanger. It was romaine lettuce, tomato, cucumbers, but THEN it got sexy and ADDED pulled pork, bacon, bbq chicken, brisket... O M G. There are no words. Never in my life have  I torn through a SALAD AND went back at the end of our trip to have it AGAIN!! The staff was as sweet as their tea is. No complaints. First stop off the plane next summer when we fly to LV to get married!!
4	Good food with a fun location right outside Planet Hollywood on the strip. Get a seat outside for some great views of the strip. Food is pretty good beers are cold but it's typical bar and grill type food.
3	Dorito Crusted Mac n Cheese $5 (3/5 NOMs). Vegas Brunch, Whenever I encounter a weird food experiment I just have to try it. This is like mixing my two favorite things! Doritos and Mac n Cheese. Overall the dish was good, but not amazing. I wish there was more doritos mixed with Mac n Cheese. I want the whole thing to be orange! Most likely if I come back, this is a one time order dish for me. Breakfast Burrito $10 (3/5 NOMs). Lets have giant Vegas brunch, Dam that thing is ginourmouse. I was very surprised how big this burrito was. Though the size was the only surprise in there. While there is a lot going inside, it was a bit weak. Tasted kind of bland to me. I do give them high points for adding crazy amount of bacon!
4	I was in heaven here . . . . on a Sunday with every NFL game within view, and close enough of a view that I could see who missed that catch!  One thing to note (I don't know if it's a good thing or bad because listening to someone else's game would be annoying), but there is NO GAME SOUND -- they play music instead.  Like I said, maybe not such a bad thing.  Atmosphere was perfect -- restrooms are IN the restaurant, not across the casino floor --- BONUS!  The food is ok, just ok.  Thus the one less star . . . it's bar food, though they try to make it better than bar food.  Though we only tried breakfast items, so I can't judge too hard.  :) Beer in a bucket was the special -- $20 for 5 bottles domestic of your choice.  Not too bad . . . don't order draft, those are something like $8/ea and after a bucket's worth, that gets a little pricey for football watching. They do have some minimums though -- if you come during the early games and stay for the late games, there is a $40 food and beverage minimum that needs to be met for the afternoon.  We had no problems making this with the price of the food/drinks, but just a good thing to know. P.S. when you've had enough of the games, there is a bull you can try out too. . . . if not for you, watching is always very entertaining!  We did laugh our a**es off at a woman who thought the had it down, but didn't.  Ouch!
3	I've been to this place about 3-4 times. It has a nice setup and is relatively center strip since it is located at the PH Miracle Mile shops. The bar has an outside area with heat lamps, tables and a full bar with TVs. Upon walking through the entrance of the mall, there is a stand with pretty ladies where you can buy drinks. The bar also has a main room and then a side room so in total, I count 4 bars. I've always been to this bar when it is not busy during the week so food service has always been relatively fast with friendly waitresses.  I'd imagine this place gets slammed during sports watching events.I ordered the chicken fingers and they were relatively greasy but decent. They do in fact have decent happy hour prices during the afternoons. I ate here today with some friends and we split some potato skins and a taco pizza. The skins were cooked perfectly and the taco pizza had alot of taste. I ordered a steak salad which was not too bad either.I give this place 3 stars for being a typical sports bar in Vegas that has the overpriced bar food that although has a nice bar atmosphere, they have alot of competition around the strip and do not exactly separate themselves from it.
4	A great menu!  Friendly service, classic Rock music that I grew up with, too many big screens to count followed by hugely portioned good food....yes it gets my "two thumbs up".
5	This place has some awesome food!  I highly recommend the beef grinder.  The meat was perfectly cooked and the sandwich was so well put together with all the necessary ingredients to satisfy my taste buds.
1	tricked us into going in saying $1 drinks til 1am, the promoter got us in for $5(guy) and $0  (girl). It was only $1 for girls and regular price for guys. Talk about false advertisement.  Inside had a  normal atmosphere for  a  1star, but the customer service was garbage. We tried to exit and was   directed around the whole place until finding the exit in the back behind a curtain. I guess they don't want to show how many disappointed and tricked customers are leaving to other potential customers whom they can trick...
4	Had our first meal in the dessert here, and loved it.  we had a wait for seating and then a wait to get our first round of drinks, but after that it was all smooth.  My group tried everything from burgers to salads and some appetizers.  All the food was excellent and the drinks were well priced.  I would return to this bar on my next trip to Las Vegas.  PS.. there is a mechanical bull... which ultimately means there will be people on it that shouldn't be.
3	I came here during NYE weekend on a Sunday to watch the football games.  The food was A-OK. It got pretty packed as the day went by the servers are very attentive and the food (which I had the ribs) were OK.  They didn't play any of the games over the speaker just showed them on the TVs which I would have preferred to at least hear the main game.  The bull was used quite a few times which was pretty entertaining. But if you decide to hang out there during Sunday Football I would suggest to get there around 12noon so you get a good seat or you'll be waiting about 30-1hr for a table.
3	I am always looking to try new places when I'm visiting Las Vegas and this visit was no different.   I was staying at the Cosmopolitan during my most recent trip and was looking for a relaxing place to have lunch.  Cosmo didn't have very many options, so I decided to take a quick walk across the street to see what Planet Hollywood had to offer.  I entered PBR grill around 1pm on a Monday.  The location was fairly quiet but definitely casual and relaxed so I was pleased.  I decided to sit at the bar for my quick meal... and of course I had to have a cocktail too.  I was bummed that they don't have cider beer here but I do know that I have an odd affinity for cider that most others don't share.  I had a vanilla vodka and dt. Coke instead.  For lunch I had the Southwest Steak salad.  The steak was cooked very well and the dressing on the salad had a good spiciness to it.  I was pleased with the corn and been relish on the salad as well; it was plentiful and didn't have too many onions.The service was quick and I didn't have to wait very long for the drink or the salad to be brought out.  One drink plus one steak salad was approx. $28.  With tip, you are looking at a $32 lunch... it's expensive but I think most things in Las Vegas are.  If you are looking for a quick and casual lunch, I would recommend PBR.  Enjoy!
3	Beers and Bulls!What happens when you take drunk girls in hooker dresses and mount them on a mechanical bull?  Hilarity ensues, along with pantie shots.  Oh, and you don't have to walk through the casino to take a leak, cause the pisser (that's how cowboys say bathroom) is right there inside the bar!
3	Timely service, American food.  This looks like a fun place for the evening crowd in Las Vegas.  We stopped in for a quick lunch bite after the girl on the sidewalk offered us 10% off our check.  It was early lunch in Las Vegas, so not much crowd.  The service was quick because of that.  However, a few things surprised us. Our waitress went on break, and another gal came by to check on us (This was a first after a week of eating out) They come by and take your photo, then offer it to you with a souvenir frame.  If you decline, the price WILL get cheaper.  They have a mechanical bull and a tire swing tied to the rafters if you are feeling brave.
5	Great breakfast. Both my wife and I shared a breakfast pizza and it was delicious. The $12 watermelon drink called Hat Bender was also good. My wife ordered that and I tried a little. Our server Dieago was a super nice and friendly guy. He's the one that recommend the pizza and drink.Nothing bad to say and I would return again.
4	This place is perfect for those times in Vegas when you're stumbling around, just about on empty, and you could use a beer and a shot to get your night going again. They've got some tasty $5 shots, and beers are as low as $3. I think. Don't quote me on that. My prior statements clearly indicate that attention to detail is likely at a low during those times.
3	Service is a little slow and inconsistent.   Food is decent ..nothing special.  Prices are decent ..they usually have good specials on alcohol/beer ..today $14 for a bucket of PBR . .Best thing about the place is the atmosphere
2	Came here for lunch with a larger group. Service was mediocre. What was supposed to be a 1 hour gambling break turned into a 2 hour waiting game between food and the bill. Food was standard bar type food.
4	One of my favorite bars on the Strip. I'm not much of a "clubber" so this place really fits the bill when I've had too much casino and need an enjoyable way to spend the night. The food here is alright; the bucket of wings and tater tots are pretty good as far as finger foods go and reasonably priced considering the prime location.However, what really appeals to me about PBR Rock Bar are the drink specials, which in my experience are unparalleled on the Strip. They have a different special every night, but I think your best bet is to try and get there for an open bar. Wednesday is open bar for college students (although I think you can still do it for a slightly higher price if you're not a college student) and Sunday night is $10 open bar just for following them on Twitter. You can't beat it!Oh, and once you've had a few, make sure to ride the bull. If you've ordered food, your receipt gives you a complimentary ride.
3	Pass by this place pretty often due to it's proximity to earls. On the outside they sell tall cups and novelty drink holders filled with some kind of alcoholic slurpy. The most expensive thing is the guitar which was $40 if memory serves right, and the smallest cup was something between $10-$16. I don't know exactly how many ounces is in each one of those but I can tell you it's a lot. Throw in a couple of extra shots in each and it'll mess even some heavy weights. We went in and tried a bunch of different foods. The food was pretty good, although we were all pretty hammered so there's a high probability it's a lot worse than how I remember it.Inside the men's restroom was Mexican Wolverine, I shit you not.
4	Jessica rocks as  a server..
1	I'd give this place no stars if I could..   Went for breakfast (they advertise serving breakfast ALL DAY - for real - look at their ad).   My server sauntered over to me to get my order while cradling her glass of orange juice and sipping as she noted my order.  NICE.  Then I proceeded to wait and wait and wait.  I had ordered the steak and eggs.   At least two other parties were seated and ate after me.  25 minutes later - I flagged another server (since mine hadn't checked on me) and asked him to give me the check.  I had enough.  My actual server came and I told her again to get me the check.    10 minutes later the manager came with my plate.    At that point - with my pride and principles - I couldn't touch the food if they paid ME.    The manager apologized and explained that her cook did this to her yesterday too.   Nice to hear I waved and walked out across the way to grab something from Earl of Sandwich.   Had my order in 7 minutes.
3	PBR is basically like any western inspired gimmick bar, there is a bull to ride, they have long happy hour times and drink / food specials, outdoor patio is nice for people watching and relaxing in the NV sun. Overall nothing is overly special about their food and is quite boring, for example the chicken tenders I got were very average and paired with a watery sauce which I avoided. For what it is, and the location where it's at ... 3 stars.
4	My review is for their nightly bar/club.Back in October 2012, I visited the outside bar for their Friday happy hour from 3-6pm and I really enjoyed it.This past weekend I was able to experienced their bar/club area on a Thursday Night and Saturday night. Both nights it was with a group of people. We arrived to Vegas on Thursday around 8pm and started walking the strip around 10pm in search of a bar with cheap drinks and some good music. We were approached by a promoter for the bar and go us in for free. Music was great it was a mix of Hip-Hop & Top-40. Drinks were decently priced ($7 for well). Saturday Night we didn't want to do the whole club scene at a premier club so we end up contacting the same promoter who end up giving us his info on Thursday night. He got us in for only $25 which included open bar all night. Again the music was pretty much the same as Thursday. Overall, it was a great bar/club. If you are simply looking to grab cheap drinks, dance and have fun without all the premier glam, this is the spot. No waiting to get a drink, no bumping into people and ladies no long lines to use the restroom.
3	Food was ok..service was slow but they were busy due to NASCAR in town.  Had the bloomin onion dog...OMG when it came out it was huge.  A beer battered deep fried hot dog topped with crispy bacon and ranch WOW!  All in all an average meal.
2	I stopped into the PBR Rock Bar on Sunday late afternoon to catch a hockey game and a bite to eat before making the drive back to LA.  I got there around 5 and found a seat at the bar in front of a TV that was playing the local news.  The two bartenders basically ignored me for a good 5-7 minutes.  They both seemed pretty bored and miserable, but at least one of them was hustling, so I respected that at least.  When one finally came over, I asked if they would turn the game on, because I did not want to order anything if they could not.  She said 'sure let me find out'.  A few minutes later the other bartender noticed me, and asked if she could 'help me'.  I said that I was waiting to see if I would be able to get the hockey game on.  She replied with "no we can't do that."  I was up and out of my chair, and it is a good thing the manager showed up then to turn the game on for me, otherwise I was gone and this review would have been much worse.  The manager accommodated me, but also seemed like she did not want to be bothered. The food was typical and pretty unmemorable.  I was debating between the buffalo chicken sandwich and the BBQ Cheddar Chicken Sandwich, so I asked the bartenders opinion (as usual), and she recommended the former, so I gave it a shot.  I had finally gotten her to lighten up and be a little friendly by this point by being the nice affable guy I am.  The sandwich consisted of frozen chicken dropped in a deep fryer and coated in buffalo sauce with toppings.  It arrived with the chicken half off of the bun with everything falling off of it.  It was not the most appetizing. I fixed it the best I could and some bites were pretty good with the crumbled bleu cheese nicely complimenting the buffalo sauce.  Mostly though, I was unimpressed.The mechanical bull looked fun, but I was honestly a little turned off by the initial service and food. The patio looked pretty cool though and I would return for drinks and to hang out there if people were staying at Planet Hollywood, but I would not go out of my way to come back.
1	Me and my brother got scammed into coming in with a "All You Can Drink" wristband for $25 each.6 Did you know they even water down BEER?!? It's not the bland tasting cocktails that won't even get you buzzed (I drink about 6 regular cans a day). Everything tasted like they added a drop of rubbing alcohol into plastic cups of water.Also the mechanical bull is operated by a girl in the back with a joystick. So I saw this fat chick get on top of the mechanical bull, and at the end, the bull literally threw her into the corner of the padded spot. We thought she was okay at first, but then she wasn't moving. Like unconscious or in a coma or something.When the staff bouncers got over there to help her up, the fat lady's meathead friends were about to get into a altercation with the lady that was operating the bull. Me and my brother left after that, and then walked across the venue 5 minutes later only to find a police paddy wagon, a ambulance, and a cop car with 4 cops taking down a police report outside.
3	I was hanging around the planet hollywood sportsbook watching the basketball game I had money and I was getting real hungry and decided to stop at pbr rockbar to eat as Im always walking past it but never stop in. All the waitresses are hanging around by the entrance trying to get people to come in which is kind of annoying. It was dead as it was only 4pm, but I just wanted to go sit at the bar, eat, drink, and watch the game. As I was just walking towards the entrance a waitress asked if I wanted to come in and eat, I said yeah that I was just going to the bar, she says no you're sitting at my table in my section, as she was kinda cute I got guilted in and said ok. She sat me at the table right next to the entrance which was more annoying as it was further away from any tvs. I told her I wanted to watch the game so she had the manager change the closest tv to that game, which the tv was far away and I couldnt really see it anyways. The waitress was very friendly as she made several recommendations and was very upbeat and energized. I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich with no blue cheese, and of course when it came out it had blue cheese on it, which I cant stand. But I just picked it off. Waitress came by to see if everything came out the way I asked and I told her it came with blue cheese on it and she asked if I wanted to return it to the kitchen and have them remake it, I said no its not that big of a deal as I can just scrape it off. It was a monster piece of chicken, part of which was just bad meat which I was immediately disgusted by, it was served on a brown wheat type bun which is strange and tasted like shit. This place seems like a cool place to drink and party as it has a college bar atmosphere which I like, but as far as the food (atleast that day or maybe just what I ordered) was not very good.
2	wandered in here for a much needed morning-after breakfast. none of our group made it through half of what was on their plates. service was ok, but stick to tots and finger foods. i'm guessing this place survives off of its cheap drinks and patio location right on the strip.
5	Me and my fiance were recently in Vegas for a weekend and stopped by PBR to drink out the last day before our flight.  Our waitress, Heather, was amazing and suggested the most fabulous drinks!  We even left a recent purchase there when we left and didn't realize until 2 hours later (blame it on the fab drinks!) and they had it at the server station waiting for us - we were impressed! Love this place, will be back! Thanks Heather!
3	Awesome bar great bartender from my hometown works there love to visit this bar when I'm in town
4	Stopped by for their $5 shots a few times.  LOVE the $5 Cherry Bombs.  Didn't get anything to eat, but I would try it for food next time. I thought the ladies serving booze were fun.. Even blew a whistle when we took our shots that made it seem more exciting and Vegas-like.
3	Great food, loved the nachos! Good drinks and fun atmosphere. But it is way too loud for me, can't even hear people talk at your table. Service was decent, I think it was slow bc they were so busy.
3	Stopped here around midnight on a Tuesday with a group of four.  Sat outside which was enjoyable to see the sights and sounds of Vegas.  Ordered a PBR bucket which had 6 beers. Food was mediocre bar food.  I had a footling hotdog, the rest of the crew got burgers, all in all which were mediocre bar food.  Indoors they have a bull to ride, and often have live music playing.  Outdoors was not smoke-free which wasn't particularly enjoyable, but was expected.  Overall, not a bad place to just eat and drink with friends.
2	We were walking around looking for a lunch place and saw PBR Rock Bar and Grill had a nice patio, so we stopped in. The dorito mac and cheese was interesting, but I would go elsewhere for food.  Service was okay and patio seating was nice on the beautiful day.
4	Strolled across this place around noon on Friday.  Our flight landed in Vegas at 7:30am, and we made a pinkie swear that we were going to eat breakfast before we got drunk.  So, lunch it was, at PBR.  And we were kind of drunk already.Beers weren't too badly priced, we got wings which were REALLY good, very spicy.  Also got the pulled pork sandwich, but since I was planning to hit the pool later, I ditched the bun...don't want to look fat and carb'y.  Where do I get the idea that not eating bread will be a good idea, in Vegas?  Ugh.  Anyway, it's not the sandwiches fault!  Was also good, and came with Sweet Potato Tater Tots, of which I had one...was very tasty!  BF had the rest and concurred. Damn, I should have had more than one!!!We'd go there again, it was fun to sit on the patio, lots of people watching, shaded tables, food that we had was very good, beers were not a complete "F U we can charge ridiculous prices...it's Vegas".
4	This place was pretty happening. They have plenty of Tv's and loud music. We sat at the bar and had a variety of drinks. The bartender was cool. The breakfast potato wedges were awesome we ordered 2 rounds.
4	The staff here will talk you into buying very large drinks. We were very drunk by 11am. We had a great time!!
4	Surprisingly good. Good wait staff. Chicken and waffles is a winner.
3	All I have to say is B-E-S-T french fries! Like, literally, the best. I wish I could have some right now, but unfortunately there is no PBR Rock Bar in Boston. Their crunchy slaw is pretty damn good as well, and they have some great drink specials.
2	Started our club crawl here. I wasn't feeling very well but my girls loved the wings & potato skins. Not too many places to hang out, I just wanted to sit and get better fast before the whole club crawl. It was CROWDED. Large cups of water were good though :-) It was suuuper loud, I had no idea what anyone was saying.
2	the service was so slow we discussed stiffing the waiter (would never).  the food (hot wings and chicken and waffles) was very good! so were our mind bender drinks.
2	When we went it was like they were very desperate to get us in there. It was dead...and apparently hip-hop night (not rock night). It also wasnt until we left that we discovered there was a WHOLE other section with food and more people, but we were ready to bounce. Drinks were not that cheap and the service was not great in that back little bar. I doubt I will be back. Sorry folks.
2	Omg! Don't go here on a weekeend night! The place was packed, so loud we couldnt talk; which might be good for some, poor service! Unfriendly staff!  Sorry but hire more servers! Quite expensive ~ food mediocre.
5	This place was pretty awesome! We went at about 3 pm on a Wednesday, not busy at all. Not sure about the night life but for food and some drinks my husband & I really enjoyed it! I will definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas!
1	Negative 5 stars. This place is worse than herpes! 1stly they had signs up advertising $10 open bar night, so we asked about it and they said it was cancelled and replaced with a $25 open bar from 10pm-12pm. Only 2 people serving and when we asked for the $25 dollar deal they said they had to find a manager, 20 mins later nobody had come back to us and it was still mission impossible just to order a beer. We left n went somewhere else to drink. This is the 1st time I have ever written review for anything, simply bcos I was so pissed off with the lack of service in this place. In short, fucken terrible!!!
1	your average run of the mill bar food kind of place.  nothing amazing.  greasy burgers (mos burger - literally the bread was soaked through and through with oil and grease), overdone tots (how do you overcook tater tots?!), boring salads (PBR cobb - whatever), and super lame decor (bulls etc).  meh.  why bother when there are so many other places to go in vegas.  it was a bad decision on our part.  our server was very nice.  but then again, they weren't very busy...
2	Eh. We were hard-pressed to find somewhere to grub at 3am after leaving the club, so we settled for PBR. The music was waaaaay too loud and the food was overpriced Applebee's. The waitstaff was super-friendly, though service was painfully slow. Two of our girls fell asleep before their food arrived.
2	Vegas is full of similar places that serve up burgers and other American favorites for high prices. PBR Rock Bar wasn't much different, and it was our last resort after encountering long waits at better restaurants. I had the pulled pork sandwich that ended up being extremely dry, so we asked for BBQ sauce to add some moisture to the meat. The slaw was a nice touch, and I liked that it wasn't loaded with mayo. The sandwich as a whole was a good portion size, but the flavors were nothing spectacular. I'd recommend spending a little more time doing research before dining out in Vegas, otherwise you'll end up with mediocre meals like this!
1	A group of us went there for my sisters bachelorette party on our last night in Vegas. The bull was the last stop on our pub crawl, and we were having a great time....until we went to leave. The "operations manager" (at least that was the card he gave us) Dean Torres, approached my sister and accused her of defacing the table where we were sitting. Apparently while we went inside to ride the bull, some jerk had written awful things on the table where we were sitting. Not only was Dean visibly angry and shaking, but he was ridiculously aggressive and confrontational. With all 5 of us girls being in the industry, and not being A-holes, we would never had done what we were being accused of. Even if we had written on the table, Deans reaction was absolutely unacceptable and not even close to how a good manager would respond. Not only were we berated by this guy, and found to be innocent, we NEVER received an apology. ARE YOU SERIOUS?!?! We stood around waiting for him to "check the tapes" so he would apologize to my sister, the bride, whose last night was RUINED by this punk, and never received squat. They didn't even comp our meal, which was the LEAST he should have done. Dean even taunted us to "go right ahead and write his boss David". I've never been treated with such disregard in my life. Not only will I never return to the PBR Bar, but I (along with the other girls) will make sure everyone we talk to about Las Vegas knows to steer clear of this poorly managed, bachelorette party ruining, dump.
4	Came here one Friday evening for a meal before heading to XS later that night. We were staying at the Elara so the ease of  getting to PBR was easy. We just wanted a quick bite close to our hotel as we stopped mid getting ready to eat and didn't want to go far and take too much time out of our getting ready/pre game time. My friend and I both ordered half a rack of ribs with a side of fries and coleslaw. The reason why I've given this review 4/5 is because the food was delicious and it came out to us very quickly, the ribs were so meaty and tender. However, the general service was not very good. Our waitress was fairly grumpy, we straight away asked for ketchup and an extra plate to put the rib bones on. She brought them over about 3 mouthfuls before we finished our food. By that point I had already asked someone else. She never came over to ask if everything was ok. When it came to getting the cheque, I had to ask her twice because after asking her once she said yes sure and disappeared for 20 minutes! I would definitely return because the atmosphere was good, food was delicious and reasonably priced, but I won't expect outstanding service and I wouldn't return if I know I'm in a rush or have somewhere to be. If the service had been good, I would have given 5/5. The poor service definitely reflected in the tip I gave her!
2	Stopped here before a show in PH. We went here because everywhere else seemed too busy for the amount of time we had. I ordered the pulled chicken, which was dry and bland. My friends ordered the pulled pork which was up to par, and the salmon which she said was good but she says everything is good. The fries were the best part of the meal for me and along with reasonably priced beer, was the only saving point for this restaurant. Service was slow and the waitress didn't really seem to care. She apologized for taking 15 minutes to get to our table but then continued to provide mediocre service.
5	Great place! The energy is upbeat and the mechanical bull is so much fun! Great patio overlooking the LV strip. We enjoyed the cocktails and people watching. Servers were friendly!
3	i really wanted to hit some of the casino buffets but the group just did a 5k run on 1.5 hours of sleep and wanted food pronto since they were out of juice.we stopped by here for quickie brekkie and it was pretty much some greasy grub that is off the charts on the jenny craig diet.they have basics like eggs and bacon to what i ordered which was the pulled pork eggs bennie on buttermilk biscuits.  heavy, fatty, and salty which is great for any hangover cure but you might want to do another 5k after eating it.looks like happy hour with beer or daiquiris is the better bet here.
5	Excellent service,  super good food , music awesome.. I just love this place.. we were soo hungry at 12am n we cant find any grill bar.. sooo after looking soo long we find this place!!! Its perfect and relax! I don't know why have soo low rate :/
3	Food was decent. Service was awful. We had ordered and gotten our food by the time our waiter finally came back and told my they were out if PBR. What!! It took you a half hour to tell me the beer I ordered to have with my meal is out. Fabulous! I are my food and halfway through I finally get a beer. Would not waste your time. Pick a restaurant girls aren't standing outside waving the menu and asking you to come in.
5	I love PBR. Super fun atmosphere,  everyone's in a great mood. Food is delicious I had the cookie skillet for dessert, it tasted like heaven. There's tv's everywhere so great to watch football or you can ride the bull. I have a blast eveytime I go there
2	Breakfast was cheap and decent I didn't have any drinks here so I cant rate that. Not one of the best places for a quick bite to eat but it will do the trick.
1	Horrible, horrible service!!! Came here on  a Sunday afternoon on my birthday weekend and sat outside which was not overflowing with people in our section.  We were in a party of about 8 so gratuity was already going to be included. Well, they must of took the fact that they were already getting a good tip to give us horrible service. First of, our waiter took forever to get to us. We ordered food and drinks our waters and regular drinks took about 13 minutes to come out the beers took about 20 mins to come out. Our food  took about 45 minutes.  Our group had two orders of wings once they came out with food the wings were dead cold.  We had no water refills for the longest time. We told our waiter about the wings and he took them back. Then another server lady came by and asked us how everything was we told her we didn't have any silverware nor napkins she came by brought us the silverware she also told us she spoke to the manager and the wings would be comped.  Well, I had to ask for water with the girl since we had not seen our original waiter since our food came out. We received our bill and the wings were still included on the bill. When we asked our second waiteress she said "she thought they were gonna be comped but they are not". Well, we are not paying and we didn't wr told her and she said she would talk to the manager. She came back and told us they were taken off the bill and they were. So was two good burgers entrees worth $50 dollars, Nope!
4	I'm here everytime I visit Las Vegas (and I'm here often) I absolutely love it. The bartenders are always friendly the food is awesome I've had wings and burgers here. The atmosphere is amazing highly recommend This place for sure
2	I have never had the urge to eat here but my friends didn't want to wait in line for food, so we ended up here because they had no wait. It is good as a bar environment, if you want a bustling atmosphere where you can cheer for your favorite sports team, watch some people attempt to ride the mechanical bull, get drunk and eat a bit of appetizers. Don't come here if you are looking forward to a super appetizing meal. It is essentially just bar food that is served. I ate the Chili Cheese Taters and the PBR Burger. The food is heavy and there is nothing special about it. Most of our stomachs felt unsettled after eating here. Additionally, our waitress was grumpy and didn't do much to ensure we were having a good experience. I would rather eat elsewhere but if I were into sports I would probably go back for drinks during a game.
3	Hit and miss....We go here often, good food and always fun, however the service is not consistent. IF you get the right server, it's great, otherwise, rather frustrating waiting to place an order. Hostesses are poorly trained and not too bright.
3	Service was pretty slow. Menu was okay. Everything else was just average. There are better places to go to on the Strip.
2	Server was polite. Food was marginal and took waaay too long to come out. Beer selection very limited. The only thing that kept a smile on my face was watching ppl fall off of the mechanical bull.
3	Pretty decent pub with a good feel. The food isn't special but it gets the job done. The interesting part about this place is the bull riding, even if you don't want to go yourself you just need a spot with a view of the action.
3	We were on our way to see Brad Garrett and wanted a quick bite before we saw the show. There are so many places on the Las Vegas Strip it's hard to choose where to go. Originally, we decided we would go to the Spice Buffet, but when we got there and took a look around, it looked like a cafeteria. We left and started walking back down the strip.The PBR Rock Bar and Grill is outside of the Planet Hollywood Casino. We sat outside watching the end of the Rock and Roll Marathon as the runners were finishing up. Las Vegas Boulevard was closed and thousands of runners had taken control.The menu is large, and there were a few things that caught my eye. On the suggestion of the server I got the 1/2 rack of ribs. The air was a little cold and there were lots of gas heaters around. There was actually one right over our table, but it had been disconnected because they put a TV too close to it and it was a fire hazard. So, we stayed cold.The ribs were done so well the meat literally fell of the bone. I was not too thrilled with the barbecue sauce. The atmosphere was great (albeit cold) and the service was good. The food was average. The prices were reasonable.
1	Sat around for 15 min a guy came around to ask us to drink... Gave us water and took forever to even come by to ask what we wanted fuck this shit no good service what so ever
5	The grub is delicious! They serve huge portions and at a very good price. The atmosphere is fun and the service is great! You get a free bull ride for eating here. I will be back every time I visit Las Vegas!
5	Walking by the outside seating area after we'd already eaten breakfast elsewhere, we stopped to check out the menu. The outside hostess, CrystaLyn, came over to ask if we had any questions. She spent several minutes with us discussing the menu highlights and answering questions (I still can't wrap my head around chicken & waffles), her pride and enjoyment of working there came through so much we decided to go there for dinner that night. We sat outside, which was about 1/3 full, our wait person, Heather, was right with us for our drink orders and answers. She was personable and friendly. We asked about the morning hostess and she told us they were two of the staff that had been there from day one. You could tell how much Heather enjoyed PBR that this was not just a job for her she loves it. Beyond that our food was outstanding. Hubby had Chicken Caesar, lots of chicken and great dressing. I had BLT w/fried egg. Tons of bacon cooked to perfection, the egg was cooked perfect over hard but not dried out. We also had the deep fried pickles, one of our fav appetizers, and these were the best we've ever had. Next time we're in Vegas this will be our go to place for food, not just for the food but the wonderful service we received. Thanks CrystaLyn and Heather.
3	PBR is right in the middle of things. I sat on the balcony and had a great view of the Vegas strip. The drinks seemed a little pricey at $12 dollars a pop, but the were quite tasty with appropriate alcohol content. I tried the Chicken Avacado Burger and it was good - possibly a little dry. The fries were just ok. Two burgers, two drinks and an average tip totalled almost $70. Seemed a little high, but I guess you're paying for the location. I really enjoyed the outdoor heat lamps and the view inside of guests trying to ride the mechanical bull.
4	A huge place inside the mall/Planet Hollywood.  They have a large outdoor area as well as tons of space inside.  They have a full menu as well drinks, drink, and more drinks.  Lets face it, we are all in Vegas to drink so might as well drink for a good price, and this is the place to do it.  They have great prices and tons of deals, like two for one and at certain days/times ladies get $1 drinks!  Love it!  They also have fun games and things to do while you drink, such as battle shots.
4	It is what it is. It's a pub where you and your buddies can grab a (relatively) cheap drink), watch some sports on the tv. Came here on a Monday during their happy hour for a quick bite. Had their $3 beer special which comes out a plastic cup - keeping it classy, college style :) BF has a 36oz strawberry slushy which I think came in under $16, but I could be wrong. Either way, this was by far the most bang for our buck alcohol-wise during our entire trip. Cheapest slushy drink I've seen walking around Las Vegas. Ordered some buffalo wings to share which were delicious and large. They were fat, huge wings! It was suppose to be a snack but was closer to feeling like dinner even though we only had 10 wings. Would come here again if I was around Planet hollywood next time I'm in sin city.
4	PBR Rock Bar & Grill is a great place to have a really good drink and people watch right on the Strip.  It's part of the Miracle Mile Shops which are worth your time!
4	Wow I don't know why I never thought to come in...right at the entrance of Miracle Mile with a great view and awesome food! TVs everywhere to enjoy whichever sport you'd like, and a Bull ride if you dare (don't eat before please!) We ordered:Caprese salad: The grilled chicken was extremely moist and delicious, and the vegetables were fresh. My only gripe is that it was overdressed, making the salad mix limp and overly soggy. Sweet potato tots: I don't see this very often, so I just had to try it! Definitely an experience...I think I like sweet potato fries better, but this was a neat way to munch on somethin' sweet--especially since they give you maple syrup on the side!Firecracker cole slaw: My buddy and I both expected something hot and spicy, but there were poprocks inside the slaw! Interesting concept, though it wasn't to my liking. Brisket: Yummm...fall apart tender with a good BBQ sauce on top. It wasn't the best brisket I've had, but this isn't exactly a BBQ joint made JUST for BBQ...so it's A-OKAY in my book!My friends also got chicken and waffles (he DEVOURED it...must've been good) and Doritos Mac N' Cheese, which was also pretty good and unique. Overall, I'd say to grab some grub over here if  you can't figure out what to eat, but want to watch the game. Great American food with plenty of entertainment to give you and your friends a great time!
1	Walked into the bar and were seated at one of the high top tables. Ordered a couple of drinks. The waiter asked if we wanted to order food, I said not right now. He left and who I believe was a manager came up to us and told us we had to leave or go to the bar. I asked why and she said that if we wanted to sit at the table we need to order food. No one told us this before being seated and the bar was over half empty! The waiter returned with a $25 bill for 2 drinks that we had only taken a sip out of. I can understand having a policy like that if the bar was full and it was a busy time, but you need to make your patrons aware of it before they are seated. With a bar over half empty it just doesn't make sense.
4	definitely a place to stop for a beer on the strip. The outdoor bar is really nice to sit at and relax after a day of walking. service there is pretty good.
3	I'm torn. We were here around Halloween and Dias de Los Muertos. If you're looking for Bar food head on over. I had a good time BS'ing with one of the bouncers and the bartender was attentive Halloween night. We returned the following night/morning for some post-party eats, and visited the restaurant side instead (This is where it turns to Three stars and I'm being gracious). We were sat in a large booth. Soon after sitting I felt my dress sticking to the seat (sequin mini dress BTW), gross right?! I had my friend check the back of my dress, and some class-act before us left chewed up gum in the damn booth.  It was stuck to my dress, back of thighs, and the damn seat! We notified the waitress of the issue and she then notified another guy in the bar. He mentioned he couldn't make any official decisions (why are you even there then..) and had to let the next manager know. I told him we were flying back to CA at 11am and we wouldn't be able to return. He asked for my cell number and told me the day-manager would call me about my dress in the next day or two. Well, no call from anyone there about my dress. Way to go guy! Will I return here if/when I return to Vegas on future trips?? Ummm, ehhh.. I'm not sure, I highly doubt it though. (BTW, WD-40 gets gum off of clothing. I'd be way more upset if my dress was ruined forever from piss-poor bussing & cleaning of tables and chairs in this place.)
4	Again I find myself in the most undesirable position of running a touch late in my scheduled evening activities, therefore I have become adept at food quickies. During a busy 6:00PM Friday evening dinner rush, we were seated promptly and our server was quick to address our table, even though NFL wild card weekend was in full swing. Located in the middle of the strip next to Planet Hollywood this eatery had just what we were in need of, some quality noshing food, served up quickly. What an asset to PBR Rock Bar, our server was. Joe recommended just what this hungry trio needed with no up-sells, expedient in all facets of serving and with a sense of humor and a smile all servers could learn valuable lessons from.The Chicken Quesadilla had serious amounts of shredded/pulled chicken, pepper jack cheese and decoratively topped with sour cream and pico de gallo.The House Green Salad was average and pricey for what we were served, so if you are going to go with some greens you may want to avoid that menu item.The half order of the House Made Chili totally nailed it as one of our finicky and modest eaters did not come up for air from his cup. Another stellar recommendation, in that the cup was more than enough to satisfy in our servers opinion and he was spot on. For 4.95 you will be hard pressed to find a much more filling and hearty meal. (Thanks for offering a taste buddy, no I did not want to try it--sarcasm)As a pizza traditionalist, I was not about to order a Buffalo Chicken Pizza, what happened to the old staples of meatball, sausage, anchovies, yet PBR does offer a pepperoni pizza. Well you can teach an old dog new tricks or serve him up a perfectly cooked, hand tossed dough with chunks of chicken, heap on the mozzarella and hit it with crumbled blue cheese.
2	Wednesday night out. crowded with CES attendees.  Still got a feel for the place.1) Drinks are weak, overpriced and the staff, not the friendliest.  In fact, it is the same price to order a beer as a soda apparently because the first time I ordered soco and pepsi and a beer and it was $14.00 (well drink in a small plastic cup, beer in a large one.)  Second time, I had soco and pepsi and just a pepsi and the price was $14.00.2) The food is mediocre (read "Meh") at best.  The pizzas were soggy with apparently freeze dried ingredients.3) If you want to play beer pong, they have a few tables here however they are very crowded so I am sure it turns into a fraternity atmosphere as more people fill in.4) They did have a ton of sports tv's which I liked. And a few booths where you could sit by the beer pong tables. (There is dinner seating a little farther back but we did not venture over there.)Overall a very disappointing experience.
5	This is a regular stop for great food when visiting from Florida - breakfast, lunch or dinner! Fresh, quality menu. Nice atmosphere and fun music!
4	Got comped a bottle of pinnacle and only had to pay for gratuity which was not bad at all. It was ladies night but we were the only ladies in there lol. Music was cool, top 40 and hip hop and drinks at the bar were only a dollar. They have drinking games and stuff there for the guys too btw. Check it out.
1	Mediocre food, HORRIBLE service. VERY weak, watered-down drinks. COMPLETELY unimpressed.  Manager is obnoxious. DO NOT waste your time OR your money.  There are FAR better places in Vegas.  The night we were there, during the NFR, we wanted to go watch the event.  The manager was running a "mechanical bull riding" at the same time, would get on the mic and it was cranked up SO LOUD, I had to cover my ears.  Will NEVER return and definitely don't recommend it.
2	This was the worst meal we had on our trip to Las Vegas. The service stunk and the food was mediocre. Our waiter forgot about us and we had to ask somebody else for our re-fills. Also a couple of orders were slightly messed up.Plus one star for the sweet potato tots. You can do a lot better on the Strip.
1	The only reason I'm giving this place 1 star is because the bar tenders were super nice to my girl friend and I. However the manager was a dick the night of the Super Bowl that I highly recommend people go elsewhere unless they like being treated like shit.After a great day/night of drinking and meeting new friends, my girl and I left with some "to go" food we ordered earlier that day. We spent $500 for an open bar, food and tip with $100 of that going to food. Since we couldn't physically eat that much food, we order food to go. It wasn't until we got home that we realized that some food was missing so we called the place back and spoke with the worst manager. He refused to give us his name so unfortunately we can't call him out. Essentially this guy told us to come back to the bar to pick up the food they forgot to give us (which was a good 20 min cab ride away) or too bad. After trying to be reasonable to ask them to deliver the food we just paid for, he apparently didn't want to talk any longer and hung up on us. Worst customer service we've ever dealt with and highly suggest going somewhere else if you don't want to feel like you got stiffed.
2	Meh. Drinks took awhile, food was pretty spare. Spinach artichoke dip was lacking any flavor. Move onto something better.
1	Our first water had something floating I it so we asked for another that one also had something floating in it so we shared one drink ..... Our server was slow. We said we didn't like the Doritos Mac n cheese and he didn't care or say anything and we are currently waiting for our check. As locals we will not return. Our servers name ?? Good question he never told us nor did he ever smile.
5	Not sure why this place only has three stars...we are major fans! Definitely a great place to have a fun dinner in Vegas! Love love love the chicken & waffles, and since I get that every time I can't review any other food. My husband has had the tri tip sandwich, the pulled pork sandwich, and the steak...all were great according to him! We have, however, had dessert there, and both the cookie pizookie and the waffle sundae are amazing...the waffle sundae wins though! Last night they had a red sangria that was super yummy! Overall a great rating for me! Prob not a place for you to get fancy and posh Vegas food, but we love it!!!
5	PBR is one of my favorite places in Vegas. It has a very country theme to it with a mechanical bull. We eat at this place at least once every time we come to Vegas. The food is absolutely stellar and it's reasonably priced. My absolute favorite meal here, and I'm not usually a big meat person, is the brisket grinder. It's brisket, with onion rings, roasted red pepper and aged white cheddar on a grinder. It is so awesome. And you can get tator tots. The people we've taken with us have all loved their food as well. My fiance had a burger that had pulled pork and cole slaw on it and he can't wait to have it again.
3	The menu here has changed drastically and is not what it used to be. Their menu use to be incredibly diverse and was a drunkards orgasm. This is only the place to come if you don't want to blow a hole in your wallet and you want some decent food.
5	Awesome Food! Great Prices! and loved the environment. Would definitely recommend.
3	The only reason I've come here is to walk away with a meter sized slushy drink. It tastes alright and if you add shots, which is a must, you will get drunk as shit. If you manage to drink the entire thing, or even half, you will most likely end up barfing too. The drink basically consists of syrup and alcohol. If you haven't experienced this in Vegas at least once, you are not really missing out.
4	In the day, PBR Rock Bar & Grill is a restaurant in Planet Hollywood. At night it turns into a club. At the restaurant I showed up around 2pm on a Sunday looking for some breakfast after having a late night at their club. I was glad to see breakfast was served all day. There was no wait to be seated which was great as every other place our group of 4 seemed to look into was packed. I ordered the Country Scramble which was basically scrambled eggs with mushrooms, tomato's and ham with gravy on top. It came with toast and tater tots which I love. I also tried the Breakfast Skins which are pretty standard potato skins but add egg. Those were good as well. I probably sound like all I do is eat, but I also tried the Grilled Cheese B.E.T. which is an egg, bacon and cheese sandwich and also liked that. Definitely no complaints with the food. It came probably 10 minutes after we ordered. The atmosphere is also great as there are TV's everywhere with different sports on. Great for someone like me who can't get enough of sports. The bathrooms are labeled "The Can" and have an attendant working in them at all times. It's nice to tip I suppose, but call me crazy... I'm not into tipping guys that drop soap on my hands and hand me a towel. The guy was just as nice to me even when he realized he wasn't getting a tip. The only kind of annoying thing was our server asked if we were ok probably 25 times during our meal... which I find a little excessive. I'd rather have them come around too much than not at all though. Oh ya... this place has a mechanical bull in the restaurant which provides a little entertainment if anyone feels the need to show off their 8 second ride during the day. The night before, I visited the club at PBR Rock Bar & Grill because my group just had to play some beer pong. There is typically a cover, but we got in for free since it was my girlfriends birthday and we each got buy one get one free vouchers for drinks. Nice to see they cater to birthdays. They had a DJ mixing and a dance floor with a cage you could climb in for you ladies who wanna get freaky. We got some drinks and headed over to the beer pong tables to battle it out. They had 3 tables which all weren't in use, but shortly after we started playing, 2 other groups started using the other tables. It was a nice mix to the bar scene. The thing I found interesting was this place didn't play any country music, and this is the same place which had the mechanical bull. However the bull is outside of the bar section so it seems to only be a day time event. Overall this is a great place if you want something a little more low-key than a club and is open till 3am for you that go to bed when the sun rises.
1	All I can say is that this place is terrible. Service was horrendous to the point of our waiter making fun of our friend who had a receading hairline. Food was mediocre at best. Only good thing about this place is cheap beer you can get for cheaper at a supermarket.
3	I had dinner here with my husband last night. We both had margaritas, which were decent but nothing special. I had the PBR burger. I asked for it medium, but it came out pretty rare. Overall, it was a very average burger and I should have added bacon to it. My husband had the BBQ burger. It had a lot going on with the burger, pork, bacon and onion rings. His also came out pretty rare for medium. The service was not great.
2	Got sat outside and never received service. Moved inside.... No service. Finally went to the bar where we continued the no service saga ... FINALLY got drinks that were not even served in the cool mason jars they advertised.   There Are way better places in Vegas to go and get crappy drinks with better service
3	Husband & I grabbed lunch here.  The wait was under 10 minutes & we were helped soon after we were seated.  There's tons of items on the menu to choose from, but once I saw the BLT with the option of adding a fried egg...umm, awesome!!!  I LOOOVE BLT's and I don't know why I never thought to put a fried egg on it.Have you ever ate something so good that you go home and try to recreate it?  Well, this is one of those.  My husband ordered the fried chicken and waffles.  The plating of this was great.  Crisp, fried chicken wedged in between triangles of waffles.  The food is yummy, portion are big & the service was great.  I'd definitely come back here for that BLT whenever I'm in vegas.
2	I was craving BBQ while on the strip. Looked at the menu before committing to a table. The pulled pork sandwich with cole slaw looked amazing. Done. Unfortunately, the service took extremely long. By the time I got lemons for my water I was already on my second glass. The food took a while, and when it came out it didn't look anything like the picture. Asked for extra slaw (yum!) because what was served on the burger was sparse (boo!). By the time it came out we had finished eating. Decent ribs but the service took so long, not worth the wait! Great location on the strip but you can do better with food quality and service.
5	This bar was were I spent all my time in Vegas. (During the day). Cheap beer, good service, awesome atmosphere. I will be sure to come back every trip.
2	My review would be a one-star if this wasn't on the strip.  I get it, it's tough to find cheaper food options on the strip.  (When I mean cheaper, I mean their entrees here are roughly around 11-15$)  But, even given the handicap, it's still pretty poopy.  My group had a bad experience with a server but all the other times I've came, the bartenders have been pleasant.  Decent sized Shock Top for 9 dollars... I'll take it.  (Again- it's the strip, I'm compromising)  Their patio is right on Vegas blvd across from the Cosmo, so that's a redeeming quality.  In general I think Planet Hollywood has some of the weakest restaurants/beers on the Strip.  Miracle Mile is the only reason I go there.  I'd say if you're at Planet Hollywood and you want to drink beers on the patio and eat below-average bar food then give it a go.  Or if you're into the whole obnoxious loud sorta-country bull-riding ambiance.  Other than that there's cheaper food and drinks elsewhere.
2	Expensive.The food was okay, but it was just so dang expensive.  $12 for 10 wings.  Okay wings.  If they were good, I wouldn't mind.  But they were just okay.  Took forever to bring the extra ranch we requested, resulting in either ranchless wings or cold wings.  :(Ordered the pulled pork sandwich... $15.  $15!!!  Again, it was jsut okay... I've had much better for half the price!!!
4	I've been meaning to stop in for awhile now. Last year I passed by on my way back to the Elara and they were playing a lot of hip hop! I was super tempted, but didn't go inside.During my most recent trip, the manager stop my sister and I while we were walking past to go to Halo Bar (yayyy for $5 patron shots). Gave us a couple of buy one get one free coupons, so we stopped in to check things out. It was pretty early in the evening, so it wasn't too crowded. The bartender was quick and friendly. Overall a nice stop on our roaming venture.I will most definitely be back for the bull ride and the hip hop!
3	I came here with a group of people who wanted to go here. I haven't been here after it replaced Hawaiian Tropics. They had March Madness on multiple TV's - that's pretty much the only good thing about this place...and oh, the bull too.The girls that work here seem disinterested in their job and life in general. They have that "FML" look. We grabbed a few drinks here after dinner and watched basketball. The margaritas were ok. I wanted something strawberry so I ordered a strawberry daiquiri which our server told me not to get since it's like "drinking a Slurpee" - we had been drinking and I just want strawberry anything - can I just have whatever I want to drink? I got my daiquiri, it was just as sugary as what I was expecting and I was ok with that.From the patio area, we moved inside when the mechanical bull caught our attention. Our server may have thought we were trying to take off without paying...by going inside? WTH? That woman had issues.We were watching and laughing at people riding the bull - guys, girls, a bride, bridesmaids. I've never been on a mechanical bull. Somehow, I ended up riding it myself and surprisingly enough, I stayed on for 20 seconds despite wearing a dress. I had fun and wanted to do it again...until I saw the bruises on my inner thighs. But it's all good.
2	Great place to look at and great atmosphere, but the main meals were all cold when they arrived at the table. Our beer that we ordered was room temperature and quite disappointing. I wouldn't recommend dining here if you're looking for hot food and cold drinks.
1	Never got served. We were greeted by. Girl leaning up against the wall there was nobody at the hostess stand we were seated and nobody ever came to the table. It appeared we were the only one with this problem the table next to us had 12 people at their table and they mentioned to the manager that they had been waiting over 30 minutes and no one had ever stopped by their table. If I could give it zero stars I would. Will never be back. Too bad I couldn't review the food.
1	Came here with a group of 6 early on a Friday afternoon, it was around 1pm and raining so the restaurant was nearly empty but the customer service was sooo bad.We were seated at a table then waited around for approx 15minutes while the table next to us was served. The waitress didn't even make eye contact with us or say hello...doesn't make sense because I don't know how you miss a table of 6 people in a nearly empty restaurant. Still waiting around with no service we decided to go to the bar while my husband waited at the table. 3 of the 4 were able to get drinks while I waited around and got nothing. Yay me! Hubby waited at the table and got nothing but irritable so needless to say we left and went straight to Pink's and tore it up.Thanks Rock Bar, at least the drinks were good according to the people that got theirs.
5	On March 26, 2014 my daughter and I decided To go to this restaurant. At first they seated us near the door that exits to the blvd. But my daughter asked if we could be moved because I had surgery on my neck only a week before and it was too much air on me. Politely they moved us to another table. Our waitress came and introduced herself and took our drink order. I hope that this receipt is correct it says Allison H. Because she deserves all her accolades. I am a 55 years old other of 4 grandmother of 7. I have been to a lot of restaurants in my life all over the entire United States of America. When I tell you she was the best server I have ever had. Thoughtful, speedy, she listened, she didn't drop and run.  We ordered the Spinach dip, she explained that it came with  potatoe chips and not tortilla chips like at other restaurants. She said they were good and they sure were. My daughter mumbled that they would be some good vinegar and salt chips. Allison brought my daughter some vinegar. She was listening. She went way way beyond the call of duty. The most important thing to me was that she listened. She made sure our drinks were filled on time. We both had turkey burgers. Awesome.  Ask for Allison H. She is the best!
1	Three orders of chicken fingers and 3 of the worst orders of chicken fingers my family has had in their lives.  Tasted like corn meal fish.  Disgusting.  Will never come back and with a manager who argues about the quality.   I will tell everyone never to eat here
4	LOVED this place.. went here last weekend and had a BLAST!! Make sure you sit around the mechanical bull.. that is REAL FUN.. and ride the Bull too.. haha. LOTS of FUN! Good Happy Hour too. 1st time going last weekend and will for sure make it another visit next time in Vegas.
4	The patio is great for peolple watching and the beer is cold.  I see some here who didn't like the food, but it never crossed my mind to ever eat there.  Just drink and have a good time
1	This place is just inside the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood. My friends and I were walking by on Saturday night when a club promoter stopped us and gave my friend and I free entry to their club and a buy one/get one drink coupon. So we said why not, let the guys walk off, and went inside.The club part is this little squared off section partitioned from the actual restaurant by sound proof black walls, but they're technically connected. And while the restaurant has all the trappings of a country bar (with a mechanical bull and country music playing) the club side is GHETTO. I'd feel safer at a dive bar just off the strip than in there. It's loud and gross, cups and garbage everywhere and there's not a lot of space. Most of the dance floor is taken up by a metal cage you can dance in, but there were mostly drunk girls barely hanging on to the poles and twerking to crappy music. It was nothing even decent to dance to.3 beer pong tables are squished across from the club's bar. Nobody regulates them and I'm pretty sure nobody has cleaned the tables or cups in days. The bar itself.o .. I have NEVER had such bad service. Two female bartenders (wearing just a bra I might add) were talking sh*t and goofing off, not paying attention to customers. My friend and I sat there for more than 5 minutes waiting for service while nobody else was even at the bar... I'M SERIOUS. I practically had to wave my credit card in their faces, and finally they deigned to look at me.So I showed the girl our drink coupons (buy one/get one for well drinks or beers on tap) and asked for whiskey. She grabs Crown Royal off the top shelf and starts pouring without asking!!!Crown. Royal. When clearly the drink coupon is for well, and I didn't ask for any name brand. I had to yell at her to stop and give me a well brand, and she got pissed and threw the Crown away and then poured me a 1/4 shot of whiskey and charged me $7 for it.1/4 shot. For $7. After trying to scam me for Crown Royal.After that we just wandered over to the restaurant bar and sat there for another round, but were wholly disappointed. Never again!
3	Pretty Cool, Good Music Great Drinks.... And Mechanical Bull, Few Friends Got On, It Was Fun, I Will Be Back, Also On The Other Side Theres A Club With Dance Floor And Dj
5	That' an awesome place to having fun. You can chill outside the terrace or go inside with great music, a bar and beerpong tables. As we spent our times we go several times to PBR. The food is very good and they serve a wide choice of diffrent meals. (Burgers, pizza, wings and ribs). Staff was always friendly and helpful. I can hardly recommand this place. You can have lunch or dinner, go for a good pre-party or just chill outside and looking at the strip. We will definatly turn back here asap. ;)
1	This place is full of shit. It was 4 of us in a group, and they give us the smallest table in the place. It was so small that we had to put menus that stayed on the table on the floor so we could have a spot to eat at. I asked the hostess for the booth and she said that it was for the larger parties. I'm looking like what the fuck are we.  I ordered the whole BBQ rib fries and onion rings. When they put the rib on the table, I could not believe that this rib was white!!!!!  White as if they had but it in a pot and boiled it! It didn't look like it was bbq at all. I got the manager, and he said it looked like that because he ran out of hickory wood chips.!!!!! I guess he thought we couldn't tell the difference between a BBQ rib and a one that was boiled. Then after all that complaining, we look over and that empty booth was being occupied by..... You guessed it, a party of 4! Well I guess if we would of been any blacker, we would had to eat by the dumpster...... I sat in disbelief to see a waiter walk buy with.......... Ooooohhhhh yeah, you guessed it. A BBQ rib that was cooked the right way. You know, that wasn't boiled and didn't gave the same complexion as Michael Jackson. That rib the waiter had look just the the picture on the menu. I can not believe the service here at this place. I just wanted to take my wife  on a decent place for b-day. Fuck this shit hole!! If I could give this place no stars I would. The hostess, and manager can take that one star that they sure as hell don't deserve and stick it up their ass till it reach the back of their teeth. Fuck off!
4	From start to finish, the staff at PBR Rock Bar and Grill were pretty awesome. We were there for the beginning of a bachelor party and got set up with Jessica I believe for our server and she did a wonderful job. The portions were pretty darn big and the club sandwich I got was very good. They let the bachelor ride the bull for free as well as another member of our group who was having a birthday. We hit up the beer pong tables and watched a ton of sports. They were able to accommodate our party of 14 which was great. All in all it was a great place to kick off a crazy night in Vegas!
2	Both meals arrived cold.   The service was great but the food was plain and cold.  If you are working of a hangover,  this is a good place to be.
3	I ate here because the line at Earl of sandwich was really long and I was starving. I should have waited in line. This place wasn't horrible by any means it just wasn't great. I had the field greens salad with goat cheese which would have been great if it was drenched which dressing which over powered all the other flavours. They also really need to get new menus they are so old and warm that they are kind of hard to read.
1	Myself and six of my friends were drinking outside where we received god aweful service from a bartender named Lisa.  She was beyond rude and is the slowest bartender I have ever had to deal with in Vegas.  We came here to have a good time not deal with this bartenders drama.  If your in Vegas yes they have huge frozen drinks but I would skip it there are so many other places that have great service and this is not one of them
4	The chicken wings were amazing,chicken was lean and so fresh tasting. Fast and friendly service.
4	Went on a Monday night for free entry and $25 for all you can drink, which was a fantastic deal.  We also tried beer pong, which was fun but being from Britain we don't play often and got eliminated first.The bar service was very quick and friendly, and we managed to drink plenty until closing time.  This was on a Monday night though, and therefore it was quieter.
4	Holy hell. The quesadilla is spicy! If you are white, you can not handle this. Open bar only applies to the left side of the bar (bull free). Keep in mind it's 1am as I write this review. I can't eat enough to replace the 1 Fat Tuesday drink I consumed and OMG my mouth is on fire from the quesadilla.
1	I got the Mos Melt and it didn't even come out as burger, it was a sandwich.. weird.. It wasn't bad. Get it Medium-well, its close to Well-done. The pickle on the side was terrible, it wasn't juicy, it was dry and old.. I got their firecracker coleslaw on the side, nothing sparking here.. (it was just coleslaw, nothing spicy, or a kick of anything). Dim environment, if you're into that kind of thing. They completely forgot someones order until we said something (while everyone was halfway done). Not the waiters fault, it was the kitchen.
4	Had the BBQ burger ... It was great!
4	We randomly came here for breakfast and the food was satisfying. I had a kickstart which includes potatoes, eggs, tatettots, and pancakes to kickstart my day of drinking and a margarita to get things started! Service was mediocre. The food was so fulfilling that I wasn't hungry until the evening. We got a receipt for a free bull ride!
2	My work is close by, so my coworkers and I decided to order lunch from here the other day. I called it in and was quoted 20 minutes as my wait time. 25 minutes later I show up there and nobody knows anything about any order to pick up. The host directed me to a bartender, the bartender directed me back to the host. Both question me about who took my order, unfortunately I didn't remember her name but they made it pretty obvious that was more important to them than a solution to the problem. The two of them actually started arguing right in front of me about who took the order and whose job it was to do that. Then another girl comes up and tells me the order was never placed and it would be another twenty minutes from then. I told them to forget it and left. Well today I decided to try them out again. I called ahead to place my order and was quoted the 20 minute wait time. 20 minutes later I showed up and nobody had put my order in! Again! But this time the girl who took my call actually took full responsibility for it and put it in with a rush order. I did appreciate her accountability, but I doubt I'll be back for a while.
4	My absolute favorite place to eat after Vegas Pool Parties. They have outside seating so you don't have to freeze in the air conditioning. Good food, beer on draft, nice servers, decent pricing. It's in the middle of the strip, which makes it an easy spot to meet with people staying at other hotels. There's also one of those margarita yard cup fill stations right next to it. Good for anyone ready to continue the days partying on way out :)
1	A friend and I have been here today since 5pm to watch the Martinez vs Cotto fight, since they were advertising it for free we thought it would be fun to go out and watch the fight (we normally order PPV at home). When we arrived around 5pm we asked where te fight would be showing inside or outside the bar, and the two staff members at the entry said both inside and out, we asked if we needed to seat ourselves or if they seated us they told us to help ourselves, but let us know there are no tables and there is only standing room. When we walked inside they were playing hockey on every single tv except the small 20" one in the corner by the entrance. All but 4 tables were full and the four open tables had reservation signs on them. So we walked back to the front and asked if we could reserve a table for the fight and they said they are not taking reservations, I asked why they have reserved tables then and they said people reserved those online, and suggested us grab a table as it opened up. About 30-40min later two spots at the bar opened up and there was a tv screen displaying Martinez vs Cotto on the picture and we asked the bartender when they were going to turn on the fight, the bartender said she didn't know and would ask, about 10 minutes later she comes back and says they are ably playing the fight inside, irritated we go and ask the guy who originally told us it was playing both inside and out and he said due to us having the fight for free and the high demand of people asking they have decided to charge people to enter to watch the fight and it's only playing inside. We were like okay so now we have to go try to find a spot inside? I asked if we. Plus pay to reserve a table and he said no they are not doing that just making people pay to walk in and stand. We went back inside and searched for a table, all of them were full except for the reserved ones in the middle of the bar. We wended up making friends and sharing a table, they were here to watch hockey and planned on leaving when it was over. We orders fries and a Caesar chicken wrap, both were absolutely disgusting. The fries were soggy nearly dripping in grease and the wraps had mostly lettuce and the small amount of chicken was soggy as well. Our waitress was very nice, busy with so many people in the bar. I had to ask several times for someone to turn the fight on at least one of the TVs near me, After about 2 1/2 hrs at our table enjoying our new friends and watching the prelims of the fight another waitress walks up and asks one of the people at our table if they were here to watch the fight or just hockey and that she was just wondering the guy let her know he was here for the hockey. I looked over and said I bet they are gonna try to give away our table after the hockey game! everyone at the table laughed. Literally like 15 minutes later another waitress walks up and is trying to put a reserved sign in the middle of our table, I said wait a minute, we are hear to watch the fight? She said we would have to leave because someone reserved the table. I then started getting mad! I was like NO I've been here since 5PM trying to get a table and some service so we can sit and watch the fight I told her I tried paying for a table hours ago and you guys said your not taking reservations! She the. Went and got the girl who asked one of the guys at the table if he were just watching hockey or the fight and I looked at her and said, you asked him not us! We have been here for hours. She then began to argue with me about speaking up next time if we were planning to watch the fight! I told her that she specifically said she was just wondering not that she had planned on giving our table away!! She just took the reserved sign off out table and walked away, didn't even apologize or anything.. I would say the food is gross, and over priced for the quality of food. this place is poorly managed, every single staff member said something different about what was going on several times and they probably shouldn't have false advertisement outside the bar about showing a PPV fight for free if they were charging people and kicking people out who didn't pay for a table to watch the fight. I will not be returning as a local not will I suggest any friends to go to this sports bar!!!
2	Open bar isn't an open bar. They wouldn't let us drink fireball or Jim beam for the 30 dollar fee. Kinda lame
3	Great place to come as a stop for bar hopping.  Haven't had the food here but the drinks are good.  Music isn't bad either.  When I cam here on a Friday night, there was hip hop playing.
3	I think the best thing about this place is the location and the atmosphere. If I would have to give stars for just that it would be 5. Really enjoyed my time here. I ordered the bucking bull fries and those were yummy!! I would recommend getting the onions on the side though. I ordered the hot wings as well and I was really shocked at how great they were! They had a crisp outside but not to much and lots of sauce. They weren't spicy enough though could have been hotter. My husband had the burger and he really enjoyed it and the serving size was huge! I hat a couple Hat benders which is an alcoholic beverage and I liked it. It had a tart sweet kick to it if that makes sense. They have a check in offer buy one drink get one drink of equal or lesser value. The service was so fast and the food was fresh.
4	This is our second time here in four days. The food has been great, the music is very chill, beer is cold on hot Vegas days. The only reason for the four of five stars is the service has been unfriendly for both for both visits. However we will return in the future. Hope this helps.
3	We were seated right away..They asked what we wanted to drink.. (Corona and Sierra mist), took them 10 minutes to get our drinks and it was not even busy.. we were the only table inside that ordered dinner.After, the food came out pretty fast..Ordered wings and fries.They were pretty good. Their waiting service sucks though, I had to get up and ask the bartender for a glass of water. All in all it was okay.
3	There is no guarantee of tomorrow. It is so important to make the most of each day and night. My dear friend Christie and I made the most of last Friday night when we met her lifelong friends at PBR Rock Bar.   From a local's perspective, driving to PBR Rock Bar is a nightmare. It is not like the Voodoo Lounge or Level 107 Lounge where you pull in from a 4-lane arterial into a well designed parking garage. The local has to maneuver through the mayham of the Strip area traffic. The worst part is maneuvering through the Planet Hollywood/Miracle Mile parking garage. It is a poorly designed parking lot without notice that the motorist is driving the wrong way. Once the local finds the parking spot, it is a walk through the corridors of Miracle Mile at Planet Hollywood to reach PBR Rock Bar where the mall touches the Las Vegas Strip. Now, If your vacationing on the Strip, PBR Bar is a short walk off the sidewalk.  PBR Rock Bar is really two different bars under one business. You have the indoor bar and nightclub overlooking the mall and the outdoor bar and nightclub patio overlooking the mid Strip. This is where the high energy is. When you look up you could see the Cosmopolitan tower, when you look straight you see a Las Vegas Strip bordered by Planet Hollywood and the Cosmopolitan. In the near distance the intermittent Bellagio Fountains dance and the Eiffel Tower stands tall. In the near distance, the sidewalks are prime people watching. Looking into the bar, there stands the mechanical bull. The mechanical bull is really a symbol of their business practice. They really take the customer for a ride by charging different prices for the exact beverage. That is bull!  In hindsight I regret not riding the mechanical bull. I think it would of been a lot of fun. In reality, my eyes and attention were on my company. The volume of the music was at a decibel where we could hear one another. Christie and I started out in the indoor bar. When you arrive from the Planet Hollywood parking garage, you enter through the indoor bar. From this angle, the outdoor patio is camouflaged by a wall and dim interior. After Christie's friends called her we'd find our way to the outdoor patio. This is where we'd spend around 3 hours of our lives.    There is an admission price for guys. Even guys who drink girl drinks :-). The admission is $10. But it includes a drink. For the Las Vegas Strip this is a decent deal. The average drink on the Las Vegas Strip is $12. And if I'm not mistaken, a 22 ounce beer upstairs in Twin Peaks is $10. Once your in the bar, a click on the Yelp application illuminates the buy one get one free drink check-in. The average drink is around $12. By the conclusion of the 3 drinks, people ought to be up in Space Mountain-a state of a nice relaxing buzz.    By the time I drank the three drinks, I was up in Space Mountain enjoying a nice relaxing buzz. I enjoyed two Blue Hawaiins and a Bahamas Mama. Supposedly they are girl drinks. But I got to be a man and tell the truth. They were delicious but nothing spectacular. The bartenders didn't even bother to add a maraschino cherry. They came in a plastic cup. They were a delicious route to get to Space Mountain. They taste like fruit punch with alcohol. Now high up in Space Mountain,  I thought I was being funny and managed to drink Christie's Whiskey Neat. I am no connoisseur on whiskey, but it was decent and put me to the summit of Space Mountain. When I brought Christie, a replacement Whiskey Neat I was incognizent to the idea that the bartender charged different prices for the exact drink. I'd end the night with the least expensive beer. It was PBR. Although I was in no state to keep track of the price, I think it was $5.  Now back to Earth and off Space Mountain,  when I reflect on PBR Rock Bar, I see 3 stars. I dislike the inconsistency in price. However, there is a high energy level to the place. Its setting on the Las Vegas Strip in the shadow of the Cosmopolitan Tower and in the sightlines of The Bellagio Fountains and Eiffel Tower is high energy. $25 for a nice buzz is a good deal. Most of all I enjoy the memories of spending three hours here with my friend and her friends.
4	Yelp check in! Best thing ever! Totally unpretentious from the rest of vegas. If you sit in the outside bar you can watch people riding the mechanical bull. It can be entertaining.
2	After coming in last year and having a good time to stopping in again and having the worst service ever I've gotta change my rating. Seriously. Service was really bad. The server repeatedly forgot drinks we had ordered and then would disappear for what seemed like forever. The worst thing was, my food sucked. I ended up scarfing down some of my friends BBQ chicken pizza because my buffalo chicken pizza, that sounded so good, in reality was not. It just tasted hot. Like burn my mouth hot. But no buffalo flavor. Does that make sense? It just wasn't good. I'd probably still buy the cheap drinks at their bar or counter in PH, but i wouldn't come and eat again. Stick to the drinks! Don't tell me I didn't warn you!
1	Okay, I've been here plenty of times before and had great service and good drinks. Last night though, my husband and I waited in line and when we arrived at the front, they explained that girls were free and my husband would have to pay 10 bucks, but would receive two free drinks. So we took our little coupons and went to the bar, where the ratchet ass bartender was too busy TWERKING and shot gunning beers to even notice us.So we were told to use our coupons at the bar in the front since the TWERKING girl was too busy to pay attention to her customers. So we went to the bar in the front, only to be turned down, and told we would have to go back inside. When we went back inside I was greeted with a dirty look and asked " What do you want!?" I asked her to repeat herself because I couldn't believe how unbelievably rude she was. Sure enough, she repeated herself in the same tone, with her hand on her hip. So I walked out. Plus, why is it named "Rock Bar" if they only play techno and music people twerk to? Super lame.
5	My husband and I are "Henderson" locals and decided to do a "staycation" for 2 nights at Planet Hollywood for our anniversary! On the 2nd night we brought our kids up for dinner and decided to eat at Rockbar! We had a great time! Such a fun place, great atmosphere, great staff and my 10 year old son had a blast on the mechanical bull... Our waitress Joanna C made this night extra special and super fun for all of us! Plus the food is out of this world... Pulled pork fajitas were delicious and the fact that they still serve pancakes for dinner was a total win for my kids of course! Lol!
1	Not a great breakfast place at all.  Poor service and just blah food.  Who "runs out" of hollandaise sauce?  Gross!
4	I can never knock a place that caters to the ladies... Rock Bar makes sure that the gals get their share of free entries and drinks! During my visit in July, the DJ was pretty consistent and played a great variety of Hip Hop and Pop Thursday thru Saturday. It's a great place to stop before or after leaving the PH Casinos. The only drawback is that drinks are measured depending on which bar you go to and can be pretty pricey at times. Ladies should always check them out on Thursday for ladies night where the well drinks are $1!
1	I can't even give this place one star but I had to in order to leave a review.  I'm not one to leave reviews but I felt I had to for this one.  We were there some time ago, and it was awful.  Service...terrible. Food...even worse.  Our waitress disappeared several times and there were empty tables so it's not like she was busy.  We ordered chicken wings as an appetizer.  Not sure what we were thinking since we are from Buffalo.  They were rubbery.  There were 4 of us and ALL of us got sick from them.  That was the only thing that we all shared.  I had 1 wing (yes 1) and I'm pretty sure I ended up with salmonella poisoning.  It ruined the rest of my trip.  I will never go there again.
5	We only sat outside. Fast Service. The Drinks were good and liked the Music they were playing there as well. Inside they have a mechanical bull but i preferred to watch from outside. nice place
4	Great music. Both in restaurant and club side.Food was avg and a little slowIf your short on money seems like they always have some sort of drink deal going on
4	Die Bedienung war sehr nett. Der Cocktail und die burger waren lecker und die Vorspeise war klasse.
4	Extremely loud, but the food was good and the drinks delicious..  Services was above average but seemed short staffed
3	Came in because the bf and I were hungry, and the line for earls was wayyy too long. Got seated pretty quick. It's a bar restaurant so it was pretty loud. There's a bull you can ride near the front. We got our food pretty quick and it wasn't bad. I thought the prices were okay considering everything is $$ in Vegas. However, it took wayyy too long and wayy too many reminders from another waiter in order to get our check from our waitress. I wouldn't mind coming back but it's not my favorite.
2	We stopped here to eat because we wanted something with an outdoor patio so we could people watch- well me more then the husband. The first place we were seated we had to move because there was a table of 4 women and 3 of them were smoking. I thought smoking was against the law at restaurants in Las Vegas? Either way it was gross. We ordered 2 teas, bucking bull potatoes, a Caesar salad, and steak &eggs. The food was just ok. I I wish we had eaten somewhere else honestly. The potatoes were smothered in cheese sauce(sounds great right?) and the bacon was more like bacon bits vs nice crispy bacon. My salad was just blah. All the dressing was at the bottom, the pieces of lettuce were huge and not too fresh looking. The corn bread croutons were not crunchy.  I feel like we wasted $50. We should have eaten at Mon Ami Gabi.
2	Service was very slow and he screwed up our ordered three times cause he wasn't listening. We only had two appetizers so it wasn't that hard to get right.  The food was low quality. We had fries and wing and some how the wings were sweet and sour not buffalo. The fries were some how soft ? I would go way out if my way not to go here again
5	On vacation here from San Francisco where I keep high expectations for restaurants and customer service. Walk in and get immediately seated. We had a great host. So good I remembered her name "Bre" great personality. Help us choosing what to order kept us entertained  talked to us next thing you know our food was out before we even knew it. Great quality food and all the staff were friendly. Bre was able to convince me to even ride the bull there which was deff a good choice and a new memory to add to my favorites of vegas. I come to vegas alot and never even knew about he bull. It's also one of the cheapest activities you can do in vegas so make sure you tip the staff. They deserve it unlike most places where they ignore you unless you spend and flirt. Good location. After I rode the bull a crowd came and alot people tried and I even did it a 2nd time.  thought i just sprained my hand found out i broke my wrist. That was my down fall.  What can you do its not like I was forced but still ill deff be back soon when I fly in to town again. Thanks again Bre
5	I had a great lunch here with friends. The caesar salad was great. Daiqueris were delicious, and they have all kinds of funny containers to drink them out of. Krystal, our server, was excellent, attentive, and put up with our shenanigans.
4	Being from Texas and married to a huge PBR fan, we had to stop here. We were seated quickly for lunch, which was nice since most places had a wait. We were greeted promptly and had wonderful service. Our food was good, I definitely recommend the chili tater tots. Food and drinks were fairly priced for Vegas. Check in on Yelp! and receive a free alcoholic beverage.
4	Not a bad place, we stopped here for dinner on a nice and cozy night on the strip. The waitresses seated and greeted us at the door. It was a nice relative crowd outside the restaurant, but thats what youd have to expect in vegas. I love the big texas beef burgers with fries, the last time i got the barbecue ribs with potato salad, and it was to die for. The drinks are great, margaritas off the rocks are what i would reccommend.My girlfriend i think ordered fish tacos, i cant really remember, but she was happy and i was happy, cant wait to stop by again. I love the vibe and atmosphere at this location.
3	PBR was our back-up restaurant before a show.  The food was as expected, nothing great but nothing bad - the french fries are damn good  Our server was quite nice and attentive.My beef is with the hostess - we were seated right away (we had a reservation), but as soon as we were seated, we noticed the table was uneven.  Not the legs are off/stuff napkins under one side kind of uneven, but the top of the table coming off the supporting column. We mentioned this to our server (Crissy), who immediately volunteered to fix, then after realizing the issue, went to get us a new table.  The hostess came over, angry, and said there were no other tables right now - because this was our fault?  There was a high-top, which we took, but it was completely the wrong attitude.  And no one else ever came and apologized, checked on us, etc. - we also moved ourselves.  Kudos for convenience, food is fine, but save anger towards the customers until they do something to annoy you.
4	I've been here twice and ordered the same thing, the chicken and waffles (magnificent) and their breakfast burrito are both superb! I only hate that we ordered my daughter orange juice and even tho we were charged regular price the lady gave her a half a cup and when I asked her to fill it she gave attitude and said that's how it's supposed to be (then maybe it should be served in a smaller cup!)! Anyway went as a group the day after my wedding and the food took way too long to come and staff weren't very attentive I asked for utensils twice and refills multiple times before i got  assistance from a waiter that wasn't my waiter! Great place to go if you like big portions, lots of flavor and to be loud & to enjoy yourself without feeling out of place. I went for my wedding anniversary also and took my anniversary cake along with me and out waitress was so sweet, request to be moved further towards mid restaurant of you hate cigarette smoke, I was pregnant and very bothered by the door being left open and all the smoke from the patio area making it's way in!
4	I happen to love this place food very good. Menu has something for everyone! The prices arent bad. The location is amazing, prime time action on the las vegas strip. My husband and I go every year. Only down side is service is so so.
2	Unfortunately our experience at this bar was pretty bad. We ordered de queso con carne appetizer and it was truly disgusting! There was literally two tablespoons of grease floating on top of the cheese. The service was really mediocre, we saw our waitress, the manager and a bus-person passing by our table, but no one was willing to refill our drinks. It literally took 20 minutes to get more soda. For my entree I got the mac and cheese and it was pretty bland. The only good part about my visit was the warm cookie appetizer which was delicious! Overall, the bar has a great atmosphere, I just wish the food an
3	This place is A-Ok. It is certainly in a prime area in Las Vegas. The location is right on the strip and is within the Planet Hollywood building.  I love the fact that this bar has an outdoor seating area equipped with misters. It wasn't especially hot the day I was there, but the misters were very refreshing. Our server was very quick with service and took good care of us. There were lots of TV's to watch football. It was fun to see so many different teams represented. The menu was a little confusing, but had a lot of options. There are large, fish bowl type drinks, a couple beers on tap, a cider, and bottles. Not a great selection. I know it's a PBR bar but nothing they had really appealed to me. I considered a mixed drink, but all it showed on the menu was their $45 fish bowls. Another comment on the menu, it was grossly sticky and worn down. When it's just a paper menu, it gives a bad first impression that they're used 500,000 times before you get it. I didn't quite understand why there were fries and such included, but then a list of items on the side. Now for the food. I ordered the fajita's. They came quickly and were delicious. The food tasted fresh and was worth the $15. The only problem was that there were only 4 corn tortillas and enough food for 9 tortillas. The overall feel of the place was nice, but a little dirty. They could use a little more attention to detail and new menus and this place could easily be 4-5 star rating.
1	Happened to stumble into this place on my last day in Vegas. I really wish I hadn't.I don't think I have ever had such a sorry excuse for food in my life. The menu is pretty common, simple stuff, burgers, salads, sandwiches, aps. My boyfriend got the SIGNATURE burger and I got a quesadilla. Both were inedible. The burger was dry, bacon was tasteless cardboard. Even the fries unseasoned. My quesadilla was a hard crisp tortilla with unrecognizable meat. Even when I asked for ranch and hot sauce I was unable to eat my food. Please if you ever come to PBR skip the food. Take a shot, ride the bull, and see some of the much better eating establishments in las vegas!
5	This is an AWESOME place to catch a sporting event in LV.   They have really cool seating spaces, but get there early!  Country music is commonly thumping throughout and the wait staff is decidedly good natured and fun!  The Chicken Club is AMAZING, huge and full of goodies like avocado!
1	We were in town and simply wanted to order Wings-to-go so we could get sloppy not in a public forum also FOOTBALL and we didn't want to be excessively rowdy in the bar.We approached the waitress at the main restaurant and said we wished to get an order of wings to go. She said we could do that through the nearby Daiquiri Bar. What kind of restaurant doesn't allow the hostesses to place orders to go?! Ridiculous.We sauntered down to the bar (a mere 5 feet away) and placed our order. When the server (Alisha H.) handed me my receipt, I asked about my change and she said that they don't give change and she assumed the dollar I'd mistakenly overpaid was a tip.I'm not sure what kind of policies the PBR Rock Bar has implemented when the staff is stealing your money to get tips-- This is the direct reason for the one-star rating.I've also e-mailed their GM and I've received no response yet in 24 hours. Honestly, with the treatment we received, I'm not expecting a response.Wings were ok. Overpriced but ok.Will definitely be going elsewhere when we return to Vegas.
1	This review is based solely on service.If I could I would give this place 0 stars based on service. Got sat, took someone about 10 minutes to greet us, in which we gave our food and drink order. After that I went to the restroom and when I came back, we didn't even have waters! And let me tell you, this place was SLOW. On a Tuesday night I expect you to be more attentive to your table. I didn't even bother to stay, I left to eat somewhere else.
5	A large part of any place for me is the staff. I just wrote a review about how unfriendly the staff are at one place. This one place caused me to go back to the PBR on my 7th trip to Las Vegas.I keep coming back here because the staff are so friendly. They make everyone feel like a regular. They are very respectful and always nice to talk to.Oh, and the food is great to! Pizza!
2	Food was meh. Just wanted the corn on the cob from the photos. It's bar food nothing worth writing about ;)
4	Sometimes the low yelp rating just doesn't reflex the business. That's how I feel about PBR.  From the outside it just looks like cheesy bar, but the food is pretty good. I went with a group of 6, everyone liked it and it's a great spot to watch a game, which is what we were doing.
1	We visited on Saturday morning for breakfast and college football. We were promptly greeted and led to a table beside the bar.  The restaurant and bar were maybe 25% full. We sat for 20 minutes while multiple employees walked by without acknowledging us. I believe it is the first time we have ever left a restaurant without being served. No one seemed to notice and definitely no one cared.
4	4 stars for the great, eclectic mix of songs they play at the outdoor bar area.  The people watching is top notch.  Sit at the long "bar" at the edge of the patio and watch the world go by....every person from every walk of life and street performers to entertain.  I'm no wing expert but thought they did a pretty good job.Get a double vodka soda for $10 and be sure to check in and get the 2 for 1 deal.
4	The bucking bull fries are undoubtably the best thing I've ever eaten, EVER! The service was sub-par but the delicious food made up for it. I live in So. Cal but will be coming back solely for the food.
1	The servers had major attitude when asking where the restroom was. Our server assumed we were young and not going to drink or tip. His attitude changes once he realized we were all in our 30's.  Appt were good other then that just ok.
3	Atmosphere is cool but food is lacking. I wouldn't mind paying the prices if food was better. Not impressed.
4	I really like this restaurant and location. The food was great and drinks are nice. I recommend it but if you have a large group you have some confusion. It is great!!!
5	After landing in Vegas from NY and checking in at Planet Hollywood my first stop was here at Rock Bar. It was late on a Wednesday night, my bartender/waitress was badass! She made my arrival here definitely welcome and was quite genuine. The service was beyond excellent. The drinks were on point and the drink specials were a steal for Vegas. The food hit the spot! Try the wings! Rock Bar will definitely be a Vegas tradition for me from now on. Can't wait to come back!
1	This was our second time here this weekend. It's convenient to our room and the first time was good. This time not so much. First we waited forever for our food. The table next to us (same size party-5) ordered about 10 minutes after us but got their food first and FINISHED before we even got our food. I asked for status and was told "it's coming". Umm...When!? Maybe about another 10 minutes we got our food. We had to ask for water refills. Our food was gross! The Mac and cheese Doritos sides is tasteless. Watery noodles with crushed Doritos on top. Doesn't even taste like Mac and cheese. My hubby's eggs were over cooked and his toast was burnt. Nasty! We didn't even eat it. Mind you. The place wasn't even busy. Horrible! We will NEVER come back!
1	Service is terrible.  Management sucks... I never visit such establishments and thank you for proving me right. Your food is terrible too. The guy waiter at the bar is an a**.
2	Came by real quick because my bf wanted to watch the game. First coming in the hostess was no where to be found. Oh wait their they are outside with a group of guys flirting rather than worrying about helping paying customers.  We ordered the quest con Carne.... How can you mess up on melted fake cheese. Well leave it to them. But initially I wasn't even going to write a review..  But the wait to have to get our bill and change just tipped me over the edge.  I know I shouldn't expect great food coming here but definitely not worth coming here again.
3	Pretty normal place...not that lively when I went there for lunch.  Food was standard.  My Sierra Nevada Pale ale was skunked.  Had to send it back, but got a replacement pretty quickly.
3	I come here a couple of times when in Vegas. Usually for the drink specials and food. The hot wings are serious (if you don't have much of a spicey food tolerance don't eat the smoking hot ones, I LOVED them). There is also a bull to ride which is always fun and theme nights. Good times.
2	These nachos are NOT the business.  Okay, yes, I'm a bit of a nacho connoisseur...I'm picky and I can't stand fake cheese...but these are really terrible.The food at this place is like an even more mediocre "Chili's."  Unimpressive to say the least, and overpriced to boot.The environment can be fun with the right group though - they've got a bull for riding, so there's that.  Ultimately, if you've got a bucking bull, beer pong, and the right group of people, it's hard to not have a good time.
2	MISSED THE MARK.  We went to this location out of convenience and should of ventured out.  I cannot complain about the ambiance.  Who wouldn't like 1000 flatscreen TV's and a mechanical bull.  These created a fun an lively atmosphere, but unfortunately it ends there.As a bonus, you get a free drink when you check in, which comes in handy when a Margarita costs $12.  I ordered a cup of chilli to start and was asked if I'd like it before my meal, to which I said yes.  My chilli arrived and was great.  It is served with a piece of corn bread.  Very hearty, this can almost be a meal all by itself.  The problem started when my meal arrived one minute after I got my chilli.  I initially ordered the 1/2 rack of ribs with the Doritos Mac n Cheese.  As soon as I sampled a rib, I realized why it came out so fast.  The meat was clearly pre-cooked and wasn't sufficiently reheated.  My ribs were actually cold.We also ordered the Chicken Mac n Cheese and a BLT.  The Chicken Mac n Cheese did not have any desirable taste.  After a lot of salt, pepper and hot sause, a decision was made to give up trying to improve on this disaster.  The BLT comes on a very large piece of bread, but lacks the BLT to compliment the size of the bread.  Ultimately we decided to send back the ribs and mac n cheese and opted for burgers.The burgers were just OK.  They clearly don't know how to cook them to the appropriate temperatures requested.  Finally our waiter forgot to discount our coupon as well.While dining a woman came over to take our picture, which we gladly posed for.  While we were trying to eat a second woman, who was extremely rude came over to try to sell us the picture.  She did not like the fact that I said no thank you to her.  At least she could have waited until we were almost done eating before interrupting us.Overall, if you are gonna drink and ride the bull, you should be OK.  Don't go out of your way for a dining experience unless you want to be disappointed.
1	First, the hostess looked plain annoyed when we requested a seat. not a great start. after about a 20 minute wait, we were seated. after getting waters, took more than TEN minutes for our server to come back and take our order...then, waited THIRTY+ minutes just to get TWO HOT DOGS (which were 'eh' at best).in summary, the food is B-/ C+ at best, not as good as TGIF or Chilis.  overpriced.  extremely crappy service provided by folks who clearly have no interest in making customers happy.
5	we were here for xmas week on family vacation. stopped in for brunch on the patio our 1st morning....loved it. ended up back for xmas dinner and also amazing. service was slow at some points, but we chalked that up to holiday rush...everyone on staff was really helpful i, house and suggesting other items for us to see on our trip. great place and great food to match!
4	We came for lunch while waiting for check in. We are trying out a vegan diet and our waitress was extremely accommodating. We got the Fajitas and the Black Bean Burger and she made sure they removed all hidden butter/cheese/etc. The meals were good: nothing too fancy - delicious pub food. It's expensive, but it's Vegas so that's not surprising. We came a second time around 1 am on a weeknight and were surprised to see that they still served food. Get the fries!
2	Got a cold. I went here to get some soup n watch the NFL playoff game. Cowboys vs. Detroit.  I ordered the Chicken Noodle soup. It sounds like gourmet soup according to the description. Little did I known. It tasted like soup from a CAN!!!"Canned Soup!" I paid $8 for something I can get at local grocery store for much lesssssss!!!!!! And the Cowboys are Losingggg!!!!! Can I get a break here?!
3	Great place to watch sporting events. Lots of TV's. Lots of drink. Lots of good food. The bloody Mary was really good!Little on the pricey side.
3	It was meh, ok. Not great, not bad. Nothing special. Lots of Tvs to watch sport though.
4	I must say this place was awesome. The food was great and we got to sit at a fire pit while we ate our dinner. Really cool atmosphere, but be prepared to shell out some cash. For it being on the strip the prices were't bad, but from what I was used to it was a wake up call. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who likes a country atmosphere and doesn't mind watching some sports on the tv.
