2	Regardless of the fact that its basically a glorified Holiday Inn with a million blinking white lights, bad food and a pretty dismal, smoky casino, I shouldn't have to add this 1000-room hotel crowning the foot of Fremont Street as a business listing on Yelp.  Fremont Street gets no love at all.  Granted, its certainly not a class act or anything, but it was the shooting location for many of the scenes in the movie "Casino".
2	HAUNTED!! (tm Kristina R).... Not.My husband and I, along with a couple that we're friends with, stayed at this old Las Vegas hotel for three days. We had seen on TV that supposedly Houdini's ghost haunts this place. The only haunting that I experienced is the "ghost of cigarettes past". Ugh. Our room (which was 'nonsmoking') smelled like we were actually sleeping inside an ashtray. I think I might've gotten a nicotine addiction just from hanging out in our hotel room!The place is run down, the guests here all are at the lower end of the economic scale, and about 20 years older than us on average, but you know what? We still had fun! I played my favorite slot machine: WHEEL! OF! FORTUUUUUNE!!! Yeah, baby, I made bank, too! I must've won at least $200 in quarters, and only put in about $40 of my own money to start... after that I played off my winnings. I came home with $180, which to me, is fantabuloso! I also played some roulette, and stayed at the table for quite some time (a couple hours) before I skedaddled with my winnings... a whopping $80. Hey, I doubled my money... how many of you can say THAT? (I always bring only $40 to a table. Never more. It's a hard and fast rule of mine.)The diner inside the hotel was... well, a diner. It had diner type fare. Not bad. Not great, either, but satisfying.The Plaza is right at the end of Fremont Street, though, which is a fun place to walk around at night, when it's all lit up and they have music going. There are lots of old casinos here that are probably haunted, too, from the looks of them. Old. Decrepit. Stinky. Yeah, they MUST be haunted! We didn't see any ghosts.... or DID we??But we won't be staying here again.... it's too far from the strip, and it was kind of a bummer to have to walk to the bus stop, ride the hot bus for 20 minutes, and then peel yourself off the seats when you reach the Strip. Not too glamourous. If you're into "old school Vegas", where you might run into the ghost of Dean Martin, or Old Blue Eyes, then by all means, stay at The Plaza. If you want to be close to the shows, fountains, and general youthful glitter of Vegas, though, best to stay somewhere on The Strip.
3	The Plaza ain't much anymore.  It's one of the oldest properties in town.  The parking garage is a maze.  It's run down and usually so are its patrons.  But it's got a sense of history here, and there's something to be said about looking up Fremont and seeing it glittering there at the end.  The steakhouse inside isn't the best, but there's also something to be said for sitting in it and looking down Fremont.
2	My friends had the misfortune of getting a free room here.  It's depressing and a little on the ghetto side.  Think of it as a glorified hourly motel, there was graffiti on their signs, the garage is nuts, and the casino floor made me sadder than a clown stuck in Circus Circus.  The plus about the casino floor (and most of the casinos in downtown-old Vegas) is that the blackjack tables still have a low minimum on weekends.  The rooms were smelly and the bathrooms were tiny.  If I spent a week in Vegas eating at all the different places I probably wouldn't fit by the fourth day.  It made the Golden Nugget look like an oasis.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE. we had no idea where we were staying...its more like plaza motel... the rooms are old, the elevators do not work, its far from everything. i had to hold the flush for one minute for it to flush. the room keys would stop working every day, no: fridge, coffee maker, conditioner, (had to ask for iron). it smelled like smoke everywhere. EVERYTHING was OLDDDDDDD.  We got weird looks every nite we went out cause we were dressed up. u could catch a bus to the strip but who wants to in dress and heals and u have to walk 3 blocks to get to the bus stop (which wasnt bad during the day). We had to catch a cab which cost us 20$ each way. The people at this place were more like families and "country folks."  the buffet, so we were told, was the best one in downtown vegas, it was okay i guess for 8$. anyway so if ur young and ur planning on partying and going out and u can afford the strip do it cause i think spending money on cabs ends up costing u just as much. I mean it was enough for just sleeping and changing, but if u want the total vegas experience i would recommend bellagio, Wynn, luxor,Cesare, and palms. just dont go during the week of a huge event, so u can get a room
2	The Plaza casino reminded me of a senior citizens home.  Their rooms are cheap but you get what you pay for.  The Plaza has definitely seen better days.  Now it's rundown and a shadow of its former glory.  The rooms have really sad-looking pictures of old Vegas celebrities.  It was kinda depressing actually.  Oh yeah, the air conditioner was as loud as a leaf blower.As for the location, only stay here if you're driving.  The location is about a 10 min drive from the strip.
1	On a recent visit we requested a non-smoking room. There were NO non-smoking rooms available but there were many smoking rooms available. We were told to come back to the desk in one hour and a room would be cleaned. After 1.5 hours I returned. Nothing cleaned. Was offered an upgrade for $20.00 / night. After traveling all day and being exhausted I was too tired to argue. Next day tried to persuade management to split the cost of the upgrade since I was not responsible for them not having my room cleaned.  Management wouldn't hear of it and told me that requesting a non-smoking was only a request and that they didn't  have to offer me a non-smoking room.  The upgraded suite was dirty. When you turned on the water the  pipes rattled loudly.  I called for housekeeping to bring extra towels, they never arrived. My 30+ trip to Vegas, never to stay in this dump again.
3	The Plaza is haunted. I'm certain of this. You have to be in the right spot inside the hotel to feel it. It's not apparent in the recently remodeled casino. It's an old-fashioned casino, dim and dusky, rather than the brighter feel common in newer casinos. They have a poker room, really an area set off from the rest of the casino instead of a seperate room. The first hint that there are ghosts hovering at the Plaza is the classic and hard-to-find game of pan you can find being played in the poker room.If you want to feel their presence more clearly, take the escalator up to the second floor and spend time at The Dome. The view of Fremont St. from the lounge's windows is an iconic Vegas image, and now the space has been augmented with the addition of a handful of televisions. It's a sportsbar-type theme now, you see. But spend even a few moments in here and you will feel what must've been many varied incarnations of the room. I imagine it was once a very glamorous restaurant. Now it's an underpromoted downtown vantage point.The escalator ride to the third floor feels like a journey to a ghost town. There is a jerky store waiting to be explored with a selection of candies and flavored jerkies available. The third floor is also home to the only bingo room currently up and running in downtown Vegas. What may have once been a conference room is now home to dozens of folding tables. Here too, odd variations on the usual game are offered. The spirit of the room is casual and friendly: if you have a thing for bingo you might end up spending a lot of time here.I haven't yet seen any rooms or suites at the hotel, so I can't speak to how they look or feel. But the place that feels most eerie to me is the open area between the casino and the food court on the first floor. The spirit of visitors past is almost palpable as you look thru the glass doors and out to Fremont St. When downtown was the most exciting part of Vegas, the Plaza must've been THE place to be. Today it feels lot like a relic trying to keep the old spirit alive.One more thing: avoid the parking garage if you can. It's the most narrow, twisty thing I've ever had to drive thru.
3	when i was in Vegas i wanted to go because i has been in allot of movies. it is a cheaper hotel we went there to play buck blackjack, and get free drinks while we played. after we played card i tried  the slots and i won 200 bucks it was the only time i won in Vegas.  so if you are on the old strip of Vegas check this out  but i would not go out of my way to go to it.
5	LUCKY 7     BUFFET REVIEW ONLY... OOOh man is this place good... and cheap...$7.77 per person. I know, your saying what the &^%* ? But people, I tell you no lies... There's freakin good food here and at $7.77 for dinner for adults....Just GO...GO...GO see for yourself. Is it five star chef of the heavens?...no, but its totally 4 stars **** yes its that damn good. And NO I wasn't so hungry anything was good.Its what you pay more for elsewhere.  I had 3 teenagers with me...two of my own,  one I borrowed. My daughter, well lets just call her absolutely freaken unpleasable. She liked it...and wanted to go back...so we did...2 more times.
3	The Plaza is old, there is no getting around it. The signs of age are all around it from carpet stains and discoloration to outdated decor and appliances in the rooms. Everything about the Plaza seems faded. But you know what? It's not that bad. The rates are cheaper than most and you do get a fairly sized room for the money. Furthermore and maybe most importantly The Plaza is Biff's from Back to the Future II. That's right. The Plaza was the home of the alternate present's Lorraine McFly-Tannen, breast implants and all. The former location of the Hill Valley court house in the corrupt rotting core of Biff's Hill Valley. I would give it another star for this fact but the buffet was lacking.
3	I loved it here! Old, classic and standard. I had a great time and even got a room with a FSE view upon request (no extra charge), try it, its worth it, ask!The room was 'blah', nothing to write home about but it wasnt a dump either. The bathroom is VERY small, if you are seating down at the toilet you wont be able to open/close the door freely, you have been warned!The casino was fun and my money lasted way long that on the Strip.I love staying Downtown for the first part of my trip, everything so close together and the low-limits in Craps is just a huge plus for me.
2	For any of you that have watched WPT (World Poker Tour) on TV and  have seen the bright blue tables and the banner marked The Plaza Hotel and Casino and thought, wow, this is a nice looking poker room for a Downtown Hotel, you have been duped. That was a made for TV poker room. The actual poker room is very small and positioned next to the lounge/bar area where an "old school band" (so a dealer said) played authentic music from the 40's, 50's and 60's. What they played was a lot of oldies from my parents' generation which was fine but not great.Thursday night was dead. 1 sit and go tournament looking for another player or two and one 3/6 table going. The 3/6 table died when 1 more person decided to play the tournament which ended my poker playing at The Plaza. No need to go back again. The gambling tables were threadbare, just like most of this hotel.  A bunch of years ago, I stayed here with my Grandma (she had 2 for 1 rooms at $40.00 a night). The rooms were scummy then and I can only imagine they are worse now after seeing the condition of the casino.
1	Ew!  I had the overwhelming urge to rub hand sanitizer all over my body after visiting this ghetto ass hotel in "Downtown" Las Vegas.This is where White Trash comes to die!  It's really too bad that the Rat Pack show is here.  The show is totally cute!  But the hotel just killed it.  I know that basically everywhere in Vegas smells like an ashtray but this hotel took it to a whole other level and for myself and most people I know that only smoke when they are completely pissed the smell of cigarettes sober is utterly revolting...especially on this level.Ew.The plan was that after the Rat Pack show we were going to soak up some Downtown sun but as soon as the show was over I wanted to get out of there with a quickness!
2	I booked a room at the Plaza last weekend on short notice.  Here's a summary:---  Location:  Good.  I'm a downtown guy, the Plaza is at the end of Fremont Street.---  Room:  Marginal.  The room was dated and smelled like Lemon Pledge and ass.  The carpet in the bathroom had big stains in it.  I didn't spend much time in the room, so it wasn't a big deal.---  Staff:  Good.  Most of the staff was very friendly and helpful.---  Clientele:  NOT GOOD.  The clientele at the Plaza is sketchy, even by downtown casino standards.  Through no fault of its own, the Plaza is the closest casino to the Greyhound station.  It shows.  Working as security at the Plaza must suck almost as bad as working at a piano bar.---  Food:  Didn't eat anywhere - nothing looked very good.---  Entertainment:  Meh.  They have "The Rat Pack."  I'd rather be hit by a train than sit through that.  They did have a free show with some low rent Temptations imitators that was actually not so bad.  Overall, I've gotta go with two stars.  Top-to-bottom rating of downtown casinos where I've stayed:(1)  Golden Nugget..........Small dropoff......(2)  El Cortez(3)  Main Street Station...........Big dropoff.........(4)  Four Queens(5)  Plaza
1	If you like smoke-filled shitholes without working electrical outlets and staff who wait on you at THEIR convenience, then the Plaza is the hotel for you!NEVER AGAIN!  I wouldn't return if they paid me.
1	Oh city of lights and unimaginable gambling losses, how your dazzling displays of everything one's sinful side could desire, Donwtown LV has completely failed me.  I never want to see you ever again.I should start by explaining that my 11 year old sister is pretty much a softball goddess and much of my recent traveling, less my honeymoon, was a result of many of her tournaments.  This is no exception.  Now I understand that the team arranged for us to stay at this $80 for 3 nights crapzilla of a hotel/casino but does it make any sense at all to have 12 and under little girls staying directly across from Glitter Gulch?!Anyhow, you might think that there is some hope for this hotel because it's casino levels restrooms are immaculate.  Granite counter tops, glass tile detailing, new crown molding.  Goodness, did they renovate the whole joint?NO.Let me start by noting that almost everyone who works in Downtown Las Vegas is ugly.  I'm used to the glitzi glam of the Strip's staff, most of whom got their jobs for how they look in a ridiculous casino costume.  Not in the Plaza.  This is where ugly went to procreate.Each tower of the Plaza has about 6 elevators, 2 of which actually work resulting in a line every time you have to get to your room.  Not to mention the fact that for some reason the parking structure is dark even in the daylight?!  Is it possible that this place is so depressing DAYLIGHT doesn't even want anything to do with it?Then you get into the room and though they look seemingly spacious, the bathrooms are worse than gas station bathrooms, the beds are like 50 years old and you can't help but constantly remind yourself not to touch anything because they probably didn't wash off the essence of hookers left around this sorry excuse for lodging.  I would rather be at a Motel 6 than this place.To wrap up this rant disguised as a review, the AC/Heater is so loud that you can't sleep with it on.  The minifridge seems like someone used it to preserve roadkill, the buffet that we got comped seemed to not understand what a fresh vegetable was and lastly, the odds sucked.  This hotel took my Vegas spirit and my money.  I hate it.
4	My BF and I went to Vegas for my birthday and we weren't looking to spend a ton of money and the plaza had a great deal for like $30 a night. We wanted more money to gamble with so we stayed there. Very weary after all of the reviews we had read I was actually surprised when I got there. Yes this place is old.. there is no arguing that the duct tape carpet on the third floor should be replaced. However I did not  plan to sleep in that hallway so what did I care? The elevators are a tad bit slow ok I'll give ya that.. so we used the stairs a few times to help work off our buffets! what did people ever do in the past before there were elevators? When we got there we found the registration desk has been moved to the first floor and our check in person was very nice she upgraded us for free to a view over freemont street non smoking room. Our room was clean and my only notation was that it smelled like cleaning products so I opened the window and put on the fan and voila fixed! Not a big deal at all... The buffet was actually pretty good for the price and they even accomodated me and my special eating needs which made me super happy since some of the bigger hotels refused. Honestly you get what you pay for here which is a comfortable, clean place (unless you plan on sleeping in the hall) place to sleep a few hours before taking on the town. Also I want to make a note that yes there was a few stains on the carpet in the hotel room but this is what I realised.. First off these carpets are REALLY old right? The quality of carpet from back in the day for actual stain removal wasnt near as good as the quality of carpets we have now. Also I actually figured out that those carpets in the room.. they are stained but that doesnt make hem dirty.. they actually smell like carpet shampoo... how many of you have ever been to a hotel and spilled something on the carpet that stained and figured oh well least it was at the hotel and not at home right? Their issue not mine lol... well like I said these carpets may have some wear to them but that doesn't make them actually dirty!
3	This is certainly an older property.  I think it was built in the late 60's or early 70's, and it doesn't look as though it's been remodeled since.  Lots of wear and tear.  But the casino is actually a lot of fun.  All the staff were very pleasant and eager to please.  They seemed genuinely appreciative of your patronage.  Drink service was very good.  Dining options seemed limited.  There was a small buffet and a food court, but that's about all I saw.  There might be other choices elsewhere in the hotel.   Even though a lot of reviews I've seen have pretty much trashed this place, It seemed okay to me.  If they'd invest in a little remodeling, new carpet, etc. then it would be  much better.
1	My wife and I thought that by only spending $30 for a room for one night, while on a trip to Disneyland, that we could deal with a room that was sub par.  Boy were we wrong.  The bathroom had a section of exposed green board in the ceiling, right over the shower.  When you flushed the toilet, it took forever to refill and there was a big crack in the mirror to the right of the bathroom sink that was covered with electrical tape.  The shower was so gross that I refused to take a shower that day and did it at the Howard Johnson when we arrived in Anaheim.As for the all-you-can-eat buffet.  Take the $7.77 and go to the McDonalds or Subway and use your money there.  We had reserved a room for our return trip from Disneyland but decided to eat the $30 and stayed at Circus Circus (where I ended up sleeping on a mattress with very little padding to separate the coils and me. )No way I would ever stay at this place again.
3	Been here, done this.Old School Vegas.From the over the top neon glitter at the head of Freemont Street to the Korean 70's Lounge Band- well worth the price for a nights stay.Much of the property is rather grand.Large ballrooms and similar area for a check in.(Check in is on the 4th floor- rather than at the entrnce- as it once was.)The rooms I've had here have been clean and **the help** does frequent the floors and rooms.There is a fine mix of folks to be found here.From the young and naked to those grumpy because of a dead hearing aid battery.The area to the immideate south is d*i*c*e*y.The ole dreaded Greyhound Bus Terminal sits adjancent to The Plaza. The one's you have to watch out for, are the ones who had no one to meet them upon arrival.They have a couple of fast food places on the ground level- can keep the price of food down.The hotel buffet is worth the $7.77 price- but not because it is very good.  For the common carb junkie, the is much white flour and sugar to be found.Stay at The Plaza and try not to steal THE CHEESE.
1	Looks nice on the outside.  The inside is GHETTO!  The only nice thing about the hotel is its location, and had some great music in the evening.  I'm just glad I didn't catch bed bugs there!
2	i wouldnt wish this joint on my worst enemy.  ive seen nicer motel 8s goin cross country. the "non smokin" room stank of smoke, outlets worked, but were falling out of the wall, i almost didnt plug in the ph charger for fear of being shocked to death.  i mistakenly walked around the room barefooted, big mistake, there were a few times my foot seem to stick to the rug....nice.id give this joint 1 star, but the only redeeming quality was it was located at the entrance to fremont st , where i wanted to get some night pics.  if it wasnt so cold, i would have stayed out all night and shot pics, instead of having to go back to the room and expose myself to hidden communicable diseases.  so if your a scientist working for the cdc, this is the place you want to stay.  it will keep you busy for years im sure...stay at your own risk, jsut make sure your shots are up to date
1	Hella far from the strip.  Even taking the shuttle was still a block away.  This is by far the ugliest hotel I've seen in Vegas.  No wonder it wasn't on the strip.  It's kinda next to the Lady Luck Hotel which means... its definitely old.  I came here deep with my relatives of 16 people.  Even tho we had the Kentucky Suite which was pretty much blocked off for us with separate doors, this would not be my choice of Hotel.  If my mom or myself planned it out.. we would've stayed at a much better hotel on the strip for a better price!  Not trying to trash my uncle, but damn.  Whatever, all expense paid so I couldn't complain!Anyways, security was ridiculous!  You could tell they had nothing to do since they were always telling us to move (even while we were waiting in line for the buffet).  OMG seriously, go grab a smoke or something and calm down OLD ass man.Good thing we were only here for like 2 days or else I would've been sooo bored at this hotel.  Even the blackjack table was dead.  Damn, never again.
1	This place is horrible.  The only consolable prize here was the McDonald's they had. The place stinks when you walk in. The elevator creeks. That is what I get for being a cheapskate trying to save a few bucks while coming here to gamble. Better off staying home. The plaza is in downtown LV.The room is old and stale. After walking thru the hotel I was not even sure I wanted to sleep in this bed but oh well too late. There are some characters here like from the movie BOYZ in Da Hood. If there was a drive by here I would not be surprised. I will never come here again.
1	i don't even think it deserves that one star.  this place is just bad, bad, bad!  i guess i was expecting too much for $30 a night.  the room was super stank with nasty stains on the sheets.  i know vegas always smells like smoke but dang...even the towels stank of cigarettes.  i could hardly sleep cuz the air in the room kept aggravating my allergies.  everything smelled like smoke...the sheets, the pillows, the blanket.  then at around 2:45 am or so, there was a knock from housekeeping at the door and they even opened a door since they heard no answer.  DAYAMMM!  who does housekeeping at 2:45 am?????this one-night stay was enough to keep me away from this place forever.
2	Big casino but it was pretty empty when we walked through.  Didn't bother to play anything, the atmosphere was kind of "meh".  The good thing is there's a small food court (Subway, McDonalds and some other thing) so if the buffets and other sit-down places are too packed you can at least get something to eat without having to wait.
3	Let's put everything right up front.  If you pay $25 in a city where rooms normally go for $125, you'll get 1/5th the quality.Doing the math, that means $125 for four diamonds should net you 0.8 diamonds for the Plaza.  Not quite a diamond.If I remember my High School chemistry, a lump of coal is not quite a diamond.The Plaza succeeds in being a lump of coal.You won't get any sparkle or the Vegas glam and glitter here.  The only thing separating the Plaza, from a no-tell motel, is that you can tell that a long time ago it was really something.  Like a Tyrannosaurus Rex, the Plaza has the bone structure of the king of the land.  But the landscape has changed, and the Plaza has not.Now The Plaza limps along, surviving on the "old school" downtown visitors.  The king of downtown; the king of the tar pit.Still, I will return for a part of my next Vegas trip.  A couple of nights here, and then a couple of nights someplace nice.  I guess I'm a sucker for the rooftop tennis courts.  Or maybe I'm just cheaper than I could of previously believed.  But it's probably because in a town where the high bar keeps getting set even higher, the Plaza isn't afraid to set prices so low that they cannot help but to over achieve.
3	Nice cheap rooms. My room wasn't that bad actually. It was clean and had two beds which I didn't ask for, but hey I can switch beds if I want to. TV was crap though, unclear and the only button that worked on the remote was volume. Clock didn't work which was fine by me since I wasn't there half of the time. Good place to sleep and shower, although the shower was spraying way too hard for me. So it ended up kind of hurting my skin. The creaky parking lot elevator took forever and the sounds that thing made were kind of scary... The betting area is right next to the South Tower elevators which is convenient if you're into horse racing, basketball, etc. Good amount of machines and tables along with the 2nd hand smoke exposure, which is pretty common in all casinos. This is the place to stay if you just want a place to sleep and shower and don't want to pay a lot unless you find a better deal at a better place.
2	This hotel is okay. Cheap, but you get what you pay for. For me, while I'm on vacation I try not to spend too much time in my room so I'm just looking for a room where I can sleep comfortably and get ready for my day. Here are some of the problems I had with my stay at the Plaza Hotel and Casino in downtown Vegas: 1) The next room over was smoking pot, so I had to endure that while I went to sleep (it is one of the rooms where they are joined by a locked door), 2) out of the 6 elevators, only 2 were in operation. The other 4 were under repair, 3) Tried taking shower in the morning, but all I got nothing but steaming water - no cold water in the shower or bathroom sink. Called front desk and they said they will have someone fix it. 20 minutes later it was fixed, but I had to keep checking the water to see if it was fixed. Never got a call or contact from the hotel saying it was fixed. 4) You have to pay for parking but you can get it reimbursed at the cashier office only within 24hrs from the time you park. Overall, the experience was not horrible, but not good either. I think the next time I will stay at the California or dish out the extra cash for a hotel on the strip. It's just that the circumstances of my trip, downtown Vegas hotel's was a better pick.Oh one neat thing is the 1/2 lbs. hot dog eatery downstairs next to the subway.
4	great price for vintage vegas rooms.  i can usually get an extremely low price from vegas.com      nice casino & sportsbook.  good $8 buffet(dinner $14).  great location by fremont experience.
2	A total dump worthy of a quick visit to see the lounge act.  I wouldn't stay here, and imagine my rating would drop if I did.This is downtown.  This is old school.  This is the smelly part of Vegas you hear about where everybody with blue hair is playing penny slots and chain smoking Kool cigarettes.The Plaza is at one foot of the Fremont Street Experience.  I suggest stopping in and walking through, but don't stay long enough for the smell to stick.  I have played a few table games here and even won on a slot machine one night.  2 stars for being a good place to grab a cab?
1	Wanted to experience old Las Vegas and sure enough this place is old and rundown. From the time we parked and had to pay $5 for self parking. Which you get back from the casino cashier. I was in shock. Been to Vegas so many times and never had I ever paid for parking until now. I noticed this is common practice among the downtown hotels. Others make you get a ticket and validate.The parking garage is tight and space is hard to find. Check-in was quite interesting since the guy at the counter seemed uninterested in checking people in. Got our keys and headed to our room. As soon as we got in our room I had a flashback of the days I had once checked in a Days Inn or a Motel 6. It's old and the carpet is starting to peel off the wall. The bathroom ceiling was sagging and the tub was stained. So much for getting a good value in Vegas. I have booked a hotel in the pits. This place is dilapidated the knobs on the sinks dont even turn off all the way.I also noticed the tv needed a little updating. Reminds me of circa 80s with a 20" tube tv. Reception was sketchy. I was trying to look for the rabbit ears but I guess they have cable here (joke). Anyways the following morning, I needed to iron my clothes and noticed the iron has been permanently latched onto the board with a retractable plastic string contraption. They also forgot to attach the dryer on the wall coz i noticed it on top of the shelf. I can't really complain much since I only had 10 minutes to book a room prior to us driving from LA to Vegas at around 8PM. Most of the hotels in downtown are charging an arm and a leg for last minute and all the while I thought I got a good deal. Hahahaha.  The only good part is it's located right smack in the middle of downtown and you just cross the street to the 'Freemont Experience" and jump from one casino to the other. You won't catch me staying here again that's for sure. So if your looking for an experience like you've never had. Come check it out like the other suckers like me.
1	So I keep reading the reviews for the Plaza and the repetitive "you get what you pay for" litany. Let me tell you...no matter how cheap this place is...it is not worth it!!The smell...foul...check-in...miserable....non-smoking room...yeah whatever....drag your bag the entire length of the casino...elevators....several but slower than crap...the room?...this room was SO old that the door didn't even have the panic bar...the door knob had a button you push to lock it...like my bathroom door at home....revolting...tv was 70's era....maybe...bathroom was so small you can't sit down and close the door....the adjoining room door would not lock....the wife gave me a look worthy of a serial killer and when we went to bed she forcefully lodged a chair under the door knob of each door. Yikes!! I do believe I can almost hear Dean and Sammy rolling over in their graves.The ONLY redeeming factor is that this place is across the street from the Fremont Street Experience.This place is by FAR the worst place I have ever stayed.
1	OK.. for a 2 night stay we spend roughly 100.00 for 2 nights.  The first night we were so tired we didnt even bother to notice when we went to bed that there was BLOOD on the flip side of the pillow.  The shower was dirty and hadnt been cleaned.  I think they surface cleaned the toilet to make it appear clean.  The maid quickly tossed out the pillow and case and ordered a fresh one.  The shower/tub was quickly cleaned.  The room reaked of cigarrette, even though it was considered a non-smoking room.  The view to the Fremont Experience was great from our room.  Although the loud music seemed to go on all night long.  95 degrees at 1am is not my cup o tea, but we expected high temps, so i shouldnt complain.  In the many times I have been to Vegas, I have never paid for parking at a hotel I stayed at.  As I read, we could have had our fees reimbursed.  Would have been nice if I was told that at check in.  The parking garage is NOT attached.  So we hoofed about a block and a half to our vehicle in 112 degree heat, passing what appeared to be skid row/greyhound bus area.  Scarey!  The buffet is not cheap, and the food was lousy!  This includes breakfast and dinner.  The coffee tasted like stale instant, and the OJ was definatley canned.  eewww.  The buffet did have all u can eat crab legs, so that was my dinner.  Like I read in another post, I got what I paid for.  I will not go back again.  Considering all the negatives, the hotel was no where near empty.  So, I guess people dont mind sacrificing cleanliness.  To each their own.
1	Old and tired and past its glory days.  There is one way for the Plaza to improve and its called implosion followed by sterilization.The only thing good about this place is that it has a really good location in downtown and the prices for room nights are dirt cheap.  Its good if you're the kind of tourist that plans to gamble and eat elsewhere all day and all night...get so piss drunk that when you stumble back to your room at 6am you don't realize how nasty this place is.  Golden Nugget is close by and just a tad bit pricer, and looks like the fricking Ritz Carlton compared to this dump.
4	played craps here for 1st time & had an excellent experience w/the dealers & especially the pit boss. i had a modest $200 bankroll  & played for 2 hrs & he give me a plaza T-shirt & $14 buffet comp. he was genuinely cool/respectful.  if they offer me comp rooms & continue to treat me this way they'll get 5 stars.  buffet satisfactory & worth the low price .  not a dump, VINTAGE   fools!
1	2 of my friends had to travel to Vegas for their job, and their job booked them a room at the Plaza, b/c apparently it was only $33 for the night (a Friday night).  It was a standard room with 2 beds.  We didnt spend much time in the room b/c we didnt get there until after 10pm, so we just got dressed and hit the club and didn't return until about 6am.  And then we didnt wake up until about 10 since check out was at 11a.  We requested late check out but they didnt give it to us, then we asked if we could just pay for an extra night so that we didnt have to get up but they said we wouldnt be able to stay in the same room and that it would cost like $80, so we just left b/c it wasnt worth it.  The place is pretty cheesy and ghetto, but I guess thats just what that area is like. I wouldnt stay there again unless it was free.
2	This is "OLD SCHOOL VEGAS" Stayed here last Friday and Saturday night. We had a huge party of people and someone had reserved a whole floor for everyone to reserve their rooms and we would all be by each other, so we would be able to all meet and party from room to room. We all had our reservations in from about a month ago. When we went to check in the hotel, the party was all split up all over the north and south towers, all on different floors. I know of one reservation that was canceled all together from the hotel, and they had a hard time getting a room. Also my husband and I reserved a room with a King size bed, and we ended up with a room with two double beds in it, oh well. This hotel is very old, and very cheap to stay at. My room was very run down, the bedding was from the 80's, and the airconditoner sounded as if it were a loud generator. I was happy it worked, because one of my friends said she stayed in the same hotel a couple of weeks prior and she had got a room where it didn't work at all. So my husband and I were not going to complain. The floors were a different matter all together. Our carpet was full of stains and super gross to look at, we didn't even dare taking our shoes off walking around in there. The hotel elevators were a fear factor challenge. A couple of times we felt the cables slipping and the elevators to the parking garage smelt like vomit. All and all be prepared this is no 5 star hotel. I will not be staying in this hotel again... I gave this hotel two stars, just because I didn't see any bugs, or murders. Motel 6 is a one star I'd rate against this hotel. A nice thing about the hotel is the location. It's right at the end of Fremont street walking distance from everything downtown.--- that was cool, we didn't have to drive anywhere.. oh and the hotel management didn't say anything to our party about being two loud..which was cool.... and it was loud!
2	A bit filthy, but tolerable - it's downtown... what do you expect? The chinese buffet ain't bad - you can get comp tickets in local publications. The food isn't great, neither are the selections, and some of the staff has a stick up their butts. Overall, an OK buffet and passable if you're hungry and not too demanding.
4	Stayed here in Oct and was a little concerned after all the negative reviews. Check in was a breaze... Staff super friendly. The room was not bad. Bedding and floors spotless. The shower didn't get hot enough but it wasn't icey cold either. Our AC almost froze us out of the room... normally a good thing in Vegas. The Omelet House inside the casino also put out a very nice breakfast. I'd consider staying at the Plaza again happily.
3	I love the penthouse suites at the plaza hotel. They are located on the 20th something floor of the south tower. The hotel itself can use some work, but the penthouse is nice. It is not what you would consider a typical penthouse being as there is no separate bedroom, but still some of the nicest rooms in the Plaza by far. When you walk in there is an armoir with a tv in front of you, to the left is the bed, two the right there is a huge dresser. Just beyond the bed are to sofas and a coffee table. on the way to the bathroom there is a wet bar, high table with high bar chairs. once in the bathroom there is a jacuzzie to your right and a separate shower. Directly in front of you is a door that seems it might be to a closet, but actually it is where the toilet is. The toilet is in a separe area, nice. So I haven't actually stayed at the plaza, but I did check out the room because I was looking for an inexpensive, but nice room for valentine's day. I think if you must stay at the plaza, spend the extra money for the penthouse upgrade.
1	Oh my god!What a complete shithole this place is!It wasn't my choice to stay here,but I figured for 3 days,it couldn't be all that bad.I don't mind if a hotel is older,a bit run down and such as long as the rooms are clean,stuff works the way it's supposed to and it's relatively safe.I'm not moving in,just laying my head down for a little bit.So I'm not all that picky when it comes to random short term hotel stays.(which explains my lack of hotel reviews here...)Let's begin...The place is in downtown Las Vegas as opposed to the newer,glitzier "strip".It's anchors the "Fremont Experience"which is overrun by pickpockets,pimps and pushers.Into the hotel we go....Check in process. We get in line behind 2 other people waiting.The one clerk is slower than ice cubes freezing and the other one sees the line getting longer by my arrival.So what does he do?Closes his window,that's what!So now it's just the one extra slow guy.We're on line waiting when an entrepeneur(read shady looking character eyeing up the luggage)enters and trys to see what the pickins are.Security starts to eye him as he's eyeing my luggage.I start to eye security as they're eyeing the eye guy.Eye guy decides to go eye someone else,and I slowly make my way to actually check in.The elevator ride is interesting as some guy tries to explain to me that the hotel stole a thousand dollars of his and so now he's asking me for money....Yeah,no.I get to my room,and it's a decent size with a decent view of a dismal Fremont Street.It did seem clean enough though.No bullet holes or blood spatters so we're ahead of the game on that level at least.The shower doesn't work in any legitimate way.It took about 20 minutes to get the water to not be scorching hot.No fridge in the room which means I'll have to get back on the elevator more frequently than I care to for perishables.The first day,there's a stabbing in the garage.The victim bled to death on a colleague's car,and his car got impounded as evidence.The second day there,another colleague got his wallet stolen by a pickpocket in the hotel.The same day,someone had a purse snatched from the casino.So much for security...The next day,homeless folks wandered into a hospitality suite for the event I was attending(which was on the 23rd floor)to partake of he buffet and ask for money from varoius attendees.Later that day,I was getting into an elevator with a security guy who was saying into his walkie talkie that he was going to room such and such for a "wellness check"...Anyone in "the business"knows that means what he will find is anything but "well".So on my way back down about an hour later,the bag and taggers are removing the dead body from that "wellness check "room.Yep,the same security guy was in the elevator and even let me get on with him,the morgue boys and the deceased complete in body bag.Fine customer service right there!He was so thoughtful to not have me wait for the next available elevator...I travel a lot and sometimes it's not to the most haute destinations,but rarely have I found myself in such surroundings.I will not be going back to The Plaza Hotel anytime soon.
1	We didn't stay here, thank God! I think it was Saturday night that we wandered down Fremont Street to check this place out. One of the first things you notice is that the Plaza Hotel and Casino has a Greyhound bus station attached to the end of it. So, would it be proper to call this place the Plaza Hotel and Casino and Greyhound Bus Terminal? Yeah, that makes it sound like a much better place. Because when I think of a bus station, I envision jet setters, oil tycoons, and trendy A-list Hollywood stars. I'm joking of course. So we walk in the front door at the lobby. One look around, and I'm ready to do a 180 and leave. There's plenty of homeless people hanging around playing penny slots. Nice, huh? But I really need to use the restroom so I head straight through the casino and find it on the other side. There were a couple of homeless people in the restroom, so I did what I needed to do a got the hell out. All in all, I'd say that this place is a relic that needs to modernize or shut down. I honestly felt like I needed to take a shower after I walked out the front door. And what's up with all of the homeless? Does management not realize that having homeless people camping out in your casino can't be good for business? I think they should change the name to the Plaza Hotel, Casino, Greyhound Bus Terminal, and Homeless Shelter.....that would be a truer representation of what this place really is.
1	This place, like all other downtown places, smell like piss and bums.  No thanks.
1	What a crap hole of a hotel.My friends and I drove straight from LA and arrived in Vegas at 6:30am. We wanted a cheap room for a few hours to rest...I searched online and the cheapest was this place.Long story short...we took all our luggage to the front desk and they man behind the counter was acting extremely rude and wouldn't give us a room for the price vegas.com had listed. Nor was helpful to let us know if I did book it online real fast how long it would take the transaction to actually get to him. He just kept acting like "oh, i dunno, i just work here, but I don't know..." EXCUSE ME...isn't selling a room better then not?? I should have asked for a manager, but we were too tired to deal with it. Oh ya, my friend was sitting and kind of laying on our luggage and a security guard came over and told him to SIT UP. WHAT THE HELL?! Who is this place kidding? He didn't want the hotel to look bad when there are bums sleeping on slot machines and begging for change 2ft away?? Not to mention ladies with mustaches and beards eating mcdonalds with their fanny pack wearing families??? oh ya, classy classy. I should have rolled out a sleeping bag right there in the lobby.Anyways, slept in the parking lot after paying $5 bucks....lulled to sleep by the sound of grey hound busses arriving and departing. Probably have pollution poisoning now.Don't stay here. I'm boycotting this place for life now.
1	Booked a suite at the Plaza for my boyz, the Legends of Hokona, for the purpose of watching the Super Bowl.This place is a relic, with worn out armchairs lined up in the lobby (ca 1974).  There have been no attempts to remodel this place in at least 15 years. One of the "guests" wandering through the lobby was sporting eau de urine cologne.Went up to the 23rd floor (after abandoning one elevator which did not work) and the foyer was picturesque to say the least.  The brass plaques with the floor number were all scratched out and had gang graffiti on them. Nice.We were able to go into the parlor of the suite and only one of the bedrooms, they were still kicking out the previous "guests".  This was at about 330pm.  We turned the tv on in time to see the kickoff (that was close).The suite featured none of the following:Flat screen or big screen TVMicrowave ovenThere was, however, paint on the tables and a teeny fridge.  One of the legends pointed out that there was a nice view of Freemont street.  You can't see the Experience from above, however.  But there is a good view of the hotel sign: Pl za (the A is missing).One final note, if you are coming into Las Vegas by bus, definitely stay at the Plaza because the hotel and the bus station are in the same building.  ha!
1	two seconds after i walked inside it smelt like that old cigarrette smell. i smoke cigarettes and when i decided to smoke a cigarette outside the hotel it made me soooo sick to my stomach.my boyfriend and i stayed on the 15th floor...and when we went to the ice machine and soda machine area, there was a creepy baby crib...it looked like a torture device...super duper creepy...there were dark and white stains in the carpet.it just gave us a creepy vibe.but the staff didnt have a problem with taking our luggage to our room. i have no idea on why my boyfriend picked this hotel.maybe its cheaper but obviously he didnt read any of the reviews.
1	Definitely old school feeling once you walk in.  The casino is dim and the hotel just feels ancient.   Long cab ride from the airport.  My friends and I booked this hotel for one night.  Thank god.  The rooms are big but the newest thing in the room is probably 30 years old.  Avoid at all cost.
5	the rooms were a one star but the surprise was the restaurant up stairs looking over Fremont its called fire flight.  its a tapas bar but its the real deal we went at happy hour had amazing food just like what i use to have in Spain  for 6 people and 2 pitchers of sangria our bill was 100.  Best find of that city absolute amazing food
1	I am still having nightmares about this place, I did it as a package deal and paid 130 dollars for 4 nights, it should have been my first clue, I know, I know... but nothing prepared me for this place. There was mold on the shower curtain and the wall paper was peeling... The floor was reeeeallly dirty and no amount of bad lighting could hide it.... The toilet made weird noises, the air conditioning made weird noises and spilled water onto the floor (where I am sure more mold was festering) I could not even close the door to use the restroom as the toilet bowl was too big and was in the way of the door! Additionally, we had loud neighbors and really thin wall, we could actually hear them chopping cocaine into lines... The breakfast and food in general is terrible, stay away from the buffett and the breakfast joint....seriously, I wouldn't wish this hotel upon anyone.
2	Bad service, the hotel is VERY old and not well maintained.I give the two starts only for the location: kind of cool to be right in front of fremont st.
3	So, a lot of people have bagged on this place, and I understand.  I really do.  Here is the tale of my experience at the Plaza.  Due to the fact that my paychecks are somewhat "limited," the Plaza seemed to be our best option for a birthday in Vegas.Now parking here is shit.  It is in a lot that you have to cross by the bus station to get to the hotel.  Classy.  There are some real winners in front of the bus station.  Bumming for change and hacking up phlegm on the sidewalk.  Not the hotels fault so I will let this slide, but still.  Fuck.Check in: went by pretty quick for us, only took about 20 minutes.  I am happy and ready to put my stuff down and go out for a night on the town, which is the other perk of this place.  This location is awesome for the Freemont Street experience.  After a night of gentleman activities (read: getting drunk and losing my retirement money at the tables) we decide to call it a night.  Here is where the place starts to go downhill.  Getting back into the room, our air conditioner sounded like what I can only describe is the noise of a 747 taking off.  Jesus.  The noise is easier to deal with then the heat, so we decide fuck it, leave it on and let the T.V. drown out the noise.  I had to take a piss before going to sleep and as I make an attempt to flush the toilet, it doesn't work.  I contemplated pissing in the ice bucket or on the floor (the stains on the carpet indicate that this action has already been completed by the previous occupants) but getting older, we decide to take the noble approach and call the front desk for assistance to the problem.  A very nice short man who spoke virtually no English came in and did a half ass fix on the toilet and got it running.  I retire to sleep on a mattress that I assume was older than I was.  The pillow was about as thick as a drink coaster.  Glad I was drunk.Waking up the next morning, I try to use the bathroom.  Of course, the fucking toilet breaks.  Again.  I tried to fix it myself and no luck.  I piss in a gatorade bottle.I feel a shower will help pep me up and get ready for a new days experience in Vegas.  Walking into the shower, I realize an immediate problem. The shower head is about as high as my chest.  And I'm an average 5' 11" guy.  No big deal if that was the only problem, but I wouldn't lead into it like this if that was it.  This was the first of a trilogy of a shitty shower experience.  The water temperature fluctuates.  A lot.  There I am, cleaning off the previous night of debauchery and the water gets hot.  Really hot.  I didn't even get a chance to turn the temperature down.  I had to retreat to the back of the shower and do a quick recon on my chest to check the 3rd degree burns I now have.  I thought I was going to have to get a damn skin graft after that.  As Murphy's law would have it, the water then gets cold.   I can now shape diamonds with my nipples.  Deciding to grin and bear it, I try to finish cleaning off to end this shower of disappointment, I then realize what I was not able to before after my brush with the boiling water experience.  The fucking drain is clogged.  I do realize a small victory that I am glad I pissed in the gatorade bottle instead of the shower when I got in.  I take a moment to smile and commend myself because at this point I need the laugh. Now the casino here, I had an awesome time.  Played the table minimum at the black jack tables for a few hours.  The drinks didn't come as often as I would have liked for how much I was losing and tipping, but they were strong and in my opinion was actually a name brand whiskey, not that well shit a lot of other places try to push off.  I am happy.  Plus the dealers are also hot and dressed like whores.  Congratulations, you earn an extra star for that.The McDonalds here is possibly one of the worst I have ever been to (and McDonalds are perpetually shitty anyway)  The staff really helped out with this by acting like the most miserable group of people in the free world.  On par with the people I passed by at the bus station on the way in.  The only thing that was possibly older than the mattress I slept on was the foods that was served here.  I throw away a handful of straws to feel better about the situation.On the final morning in the room, I am collecting my valuables from the room and discover a womans thong in the corner of the "closet"  Awesome, wonder what the STD content of those were.For the money, this place isn't bad and I'll stay here again.  There is some history to this place.  Apparently this was the hotel that was used in one of the Back to the Future movies (I guess it was Biff's but never got 100% confirmation on that)  Also, I heard the ghost of Houdini haunts this place.  Although I did not see his ghost haunting this place, the stains throughout the place on the carpet, walls, and ceilings were enough to give me a good scare.
2	Not bad for the price. Not for kids.Old hotel but clean, some cool entertainment around the bar. Cheap good beer... just what we need for crashing after hiking/climbing in canyons and since it's downtown, easy to find choice of foods around.
1	Worst hotel I've ever stayed in. Our first room was ridiculous. The TV looked like it was from the 50s and had no remote. The lamp in the room didn't work, so we only had one light at the end of the room by the bathroom. Then, the window wouldn't close and a moth ended up in the room. We called downstairs and they switched us to a smokers room. This room was somewhat of an improvement. At least there were no moths and a lamp that worked. Also, this is the place to go if you're curious about how resilient you are to falling elevators.. EVERY elevator sounds like it's about to break.
5	I will never understand the negative reviews of this hotel...well...yes I kind of do. My husband can have the whole "champagne taste on a beer budget" mentality. He too wants 5 star food from McDonald's. Well, you get what you pay for but with the Plaza, I think you get more. A clean room, a comfortable bed, and a friendly staff. We enjoyed our stay there last year and are booked again this year. I can't comment on the restaurants as we only had coffee from one and iced tea from the McDonald's. The pool is well taken care of and we took a swim every morning.We love Downtown and we really enjoyed our stay here.
2	I had to give this place two stars because of the historical wing.  It was our last day staying at The Plaza and we heard about the other wing.  It was REALLY neat!  There's more than what we expected in that part.  We walked past a restaurant, a chapel, and one of the first sets of escalators, maybe ever.  They were so old that they weren't in operation.  They took you to the casino.  That would be the only way, as for the main lobby (where the check-in desk is now) was never there before.  You would have to enter from the side.  If you stay there, check it out.The rooms...eh-hem... were...ummm... OK.  They weren't as clean as they could have been, but they were OK.  When we stayed they still had the $7.77 buffet, word has it that they no longer do.  When I heard that, I got sad.  I liked the food there.Overall, I think that The Plaza does deserve two stars.
2	This must be the first hotel in Las Vegas. We stayed here over a weekend and the best part about it is that Fremont St is in front of the hotel. I would rather stay at the Circus Circus with the millions of kids runny around. This place is OLD and every where in the hotel it smells like smoke. Its also very dark and the gray hound station is next door so keep you eyes open. I would not recommend to anyone, they should close an remodel.
5	Another wonderful stay here. I have to admit, it was so nice to arrive and already be familiar with the layout and where to go and what to do. Some changes I noted:Lombardi's is closed BUT Firefly's is open and seems to be popular with the yelpers...someone I know is having a get together there soon. :)The cafe on the first floor has expanded to table service and the waitress is super efficient and very friendly. I did not eat here (both times I had already had a yogurt so sat with others while they ate) but was told the food was good...it's inexpensive as well and everything is kept clean and neat.Here's what stayed the same:Friendly, efficient check-in.Housekeeping kept our room pristine.A different but lovely view from our room.Pool area kept beautifully.One other thing that really has nothing to do with the Plaza but wanted to mention. One day I was in line at McDonald's to get an iced tea. There was a man in front of me and then a man in a wheelchair being waited on. He looked to be pretty down and out (something you see whether downtown or on the strip) and was ordering some breakfast. I  heard the cashier say $4 something and I saw him put a dollar on the counter...I thought, uh-oh, she'll have to tell him not enough and wonder how he'll react,....well, he had put up a bunch of change and then I though the cashier would get ticked about having to count it all. I was so very wrong...she was so kind and so patient...counted it out and then told him he needed a few cents more so he gave her a dime and then she said, now I owe you a penny...with a big smile on her face. I am sad to say that her behavior just shocked me....I am so used to everyone being rushed and treated rudely...it has become so commonplace...as though we have to pay to be treated like decent human beings...and here this man paid for his coffee and food with change and was treated with extreme patience and kindness. It just really made me so happy and was one of the highlights of my stay in Vegas. I went to that McDonald's several times during my stay and the service was excellent every single time.
1	Clogged sink in the bathroom, bleach-stained carpet, hideous curtains.  Don't try heat/air conditioner unit.  On stay here to sleep, but to avoid it.  Only plus, Cheap during major holiday weekends.
2	I'm agreeing with a lot of reviewers here. Poor service. We couldn't even get anyone to bring a luggage cart. Had to carry all our stuff to the room.Funky smells in different areas of the location. The building is old, definitely not for kids not much for them to do. The pool and "sports" club isn't all that exciting either.A positive I can say is that it's across the street from the Fremont Experience. Walking distance to a 24hr McDonald's and at 3am you get some interesting people in there. haha. And The California is near to, some good eats there. ;)I wouldn't really recommend this place to any one. There are better places to stay for those on a low-budget. good luck!
3	I was given 3 free nights and used them over New Years a couple of years ago. As everyone says..yes its old.Well I was super excited to be able to stay on Fremont Street for free over New Years. We got drunk and bam..up an elevator to pass out on a bed that was way more comfortable when you were drunk.As for the room it was not that bad..we did however only stay New Years Eve but slept in and went back home after. Came back a couple days later to check out.It was fun spending the holiday on Fremont..even better being so close to our room after drinking WAY to much.If your on a budget its ok enough.
5	Had so much fun last month we had to return. We were upgraded to a suite which was nice...although my hubby's blackjack losses more than covered the upgrade I'm sure. :) Everything was perfect as always and we are already planning our next stay.
3	Ah Plaza, what an interesting beast you are.  An easily recognizable icon, but built during a rather uninspired architectural period (the 1970s).  You were built on the former site of the Union Pacific train station.  You even served as a train station yourself until Amtrak discontinued the Desert Wind in 1997.  Now two different companies want to offer train service from LA to Vegas, and you seem to be quiet during the conversation.  And where is Amtrak?  Nobody knows.  But I digress.Make no mistake; the Plaza has definitely seen better days.  To remain economically viable, hotels need to renovate the rooms every eight to ten years.  From the looks of the basic rooms, they haven't been renovated since the early 1980s.  But you can get these rooms really cheap.  Really, really cheap.  Last time I stayed here, I paid $22 and that included taxes.  They did offer to upgrade me to a 'suite' for an additional $20, but I declined.  From the pictures, the suites do look like they have been more recently renovated.So for the price paid, I think it's only fair to review the Plaza based on what it is - a no frills, budget property in a convenient location.  So using this baseline, the Plaza isn't all that bad.  You should stay here if you're looking for a good deal, aren't expecting luxury, and want to stay near the Fremont Street Experience and the downtown casinos.  However, there are some things the Plaza could improve upon.  For the price paid, I can understand that the furniture is outdated and some maintenance items are overlooked.  For example, the coat hook on my bathroom door was missing and drywall screws were clearly visible in attempt to fix the wall.  However, some things cannot go unnoticed - while the room was not overly dirty, there were some items that showed a lack of attention.  At some point someone had spilled coffee in the room and I could see the stains on the wallpaper and the dresser.  Also, the wallpaper was peeling in several large sections in the room and I could have easily removed the wallpaper had I desired to do so.  In fact, the wallpaper above the beds was being held up with pushpins.The staff was friendly and helpful.  However, it took ten minutes to check-in.  This was because the people at the front of the line were complaining about having to leave a credit card or cash deposit even though they bought the room on Expedia (for the aforementioned $22).  Listen people...you almost always need a credit card at a hotel, regardless of how the room was booked.  The hotel does has bellhops to assist with bags, which is surprising for a budget property.So take this how you will.  If you won't spend much time in the room and just need a place to sleep after a night of debauchery, then maybe the Plaza is for you.  But if you're looking for a place to impress that certain someone or want pillow-top mattresses, the Plaza probably isn't what you want.Pros:- Cheap!- Convenient location for downtown.- Fairly large rooms with blackout curtains.  Also, beds aren't near the window, so easier to sleep-in.- Fun Amtrak mural near the front desk.  Be sure to look for the Amtrak air force in the future scene.- Rooftop pool (open 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. seasonally).- Fitness room.- Large casino.- Restaurants that offer good deals and a food court.- Free Wifi!  I was really surprised by this, as the hotel doesn't really advertise this fact.Cons:- Basic rooms are very dated.- Rooms may not be as clean as they should be and basic maintenance may be lax.- Colorful clientele may be off-putting to some.- Front desk is too far from parking garage and South Tower rooms.-  A cool looking 1940s streamline moderne train station was demolished to build the Plaza.So there you have it, my longer than expected review of The Plaza Hotel and Casino.  Enjoy!
1	Let me start off as saying if t here were such things as NO STARS, I'd find that more appropriate. I left The Plaza wondering if I had just accidently stayed & checked out of Section 8 of Las Vegas. A friend had accidently booked the room there and we figured it couldn't be that. Bright eyed and full of optimism I arrived and to my surprise was bitch slapped that same night with by own assumptions. The first night there while trying desperately to find an outlet to recharge my phone I aimed for the closest one between my bed and the other. Just my luck I pulled my bed forward and THERE! There is was staring back at me. A dirty, used condom. Disastrous! Yes, I know. BUT, Friends it doesn't stop there. Horrified I then found a piece of of nasty hair on my pillow. Jokingly, my friend handed me his pillow....Only then did I find some prostitues fire engine red hair clumped in the center. I'm too scared to actually think that what I later found on the blankets was jizz. Horrible Horrible Horrible. Horrible maid service. Horrrible Hotel serice. Horrrible Hotel. Smack dab in the center of the ghetto of Vegas. I never want to return and I'd advise anyone NOT to go. Get a better deal at a retired filled casino. At least that'd be more sanitary.
2	Plaza was my first address after moving to Las Vegas. We lived there for two weeks while we waited for our condo to close. It was home away from home for many years. The hotel was never plush, but it was a clean place to sleep and shower. I recently returned with my mom and sister, she had a couple comped nights. In recent years the casino has been spruced up, but the hotel rooms have been neglected. They were in really shabby shape last week. They're in dire need of being remodeled.
3	I love this casino.  Stayed here once, gambled here plenty.  It is cheap, the beer is warm, and the people are terrifying.  But it is a blast.I have never had anything but fun here (except when eating the McDonalds, which is hot garbage) and plan to come back. Good old fashioned Downtwon LV fun.  So money.
3	The place is under construction right now, the new rooms and layout look awesome, this place is getting remodeled from the casino floor all the way up to the penthouse suites! While it hasn't been the best place to stay in the past it is coming up and will set a new standard on Fremont Street, giving the golden nugget a little competition downtown!
1	What can I say that hasn't already been said?  I blame our stay on my dear husband, who really needs to get on Yelp and research things before he takes a plunge.  Lucky for him I am always up for an adventure.  As we made it up to the room, I was giggling the entire time pointing out mysterious stains, holes in the wall, and the decor.  I laughed even harder when I opened the night stand drawer and found a hooker catalog full of meaty mulleted men neatly lined up next to a Bible.  I turned on the sink and thought it was going to launch itself into the next room.  The soap had a grit to it but was not the exfoliating kind...no that was rust from the soap dish.  I'm sorry I don't remember much of that week in Vegas (except being called Lucy Ricardo by the door guy every time I came in), what do you expect?
3	When friends visit from out of town and want to go downtown, we have to do the circuit of casinos.....and in recent years it's been the same.  We always wonder why we wasted our time downtown.  This is another place that's seen better days.....once known as the Union Plaza, the new owners have remodeled it....somewhat.  For that they earn a Star and kept them out of my 2 Star review list.  What they can't escape is father time and a building infrastructure that will only hold them back.....please stop remodeling and implode and build something new, that's how Vegas reinvents itself.Not worth a trip downtown.Return Factor - 15%
1	I booked three nights in this hotel, for a trip celebrating a good friend's birthday. We wanted to stay somewhere downtown, park the car and enjoy the Fremont Street attractions on foot. We chose the Plaza for its location and price: big mistake.The warning signs were there early, starting with the disgusting garage. We checked in, and while I had ordered a non-smoking room, we were told that only smoking rooms were available. The elevator groaned and squealed as we went up, before shuddering and shaking to a stop at my floor. I opened my door and was greeted with an unspeakably awful smell, like a mixture of cigarette butts, vomit and Lysol. I flicked on the light switch, but the room remained dark. As I entered, my foot hit something metal and sent it flying across the room. (This turned out to be a large steel kickplate from a vacuum cleaner.)I groped around the room until I found the bathroom, and turned on the light. As the fluorescent fixtures flickered and buzzed to life, I found myself wishing it was still dark. Now I've traveled all over the world, including third world regions of Asia and central America, but I've never been in a hotel room as disgusting as this. The wallpaper was deep yellow with cigarette smoke, and was peeling up at every seam. The bathroom tile was moldy and cracked and the toilet seat had a two inch cigarette burn. The carpet was so dirty you could barely see the pattern through the wide variety of dark mysterious stains. Everything in the room (lamps, phone TV remote, table) was sticky with gooey residue, and I desperately hoped it wasn't some kind of bodily fluid. I opened the window to try to air out the foul stench, but it only hinged open a few inches.I immediately called another hotel (The Golden Nugget) to make new accomodations. Sadly, nothing was available for that night so I had to bed down for one night at the Plaza. I used toilet paper (there was no box of tissues provided) to grab and toss the DNA encrusted bedspread into the corner, and pulled back the covers. The sheets themselves (miraculously) seemed clean, so I settled in for the night and tried to ignore the awful smell. The bed itself was rock-hard, and had a strange crunchy feel and sound, as though the mattress contained a layer of pebbles. (This was probably dried out, crunchy foam rubber.) I tried to not think about the pillow, and the variety of mites and pathogens it surely contained.In the morning, I had a headache and sore throat, from inhaling that smell all night. I wanted out of there IMMEDIATELY, so I hopped in the shower. Wonderful, no hot water!!! The faucet at the sink worked OK, so clearly the shower valve was defective. After my ice water shower, there was no way I would walk around on that vile carpet, so I wrapped hand towels around my feet and shuffled around as I shaved and dressed.Seriously people, this joint is disgusting beyond belief, a wretched petri dish of filth. Just being in the room filled my head with depressing thoughts, and the last thing you want to do is wake up there...everything about it screams "flophouse." You deserve better.
3	You get what you pay for this.  Economically priced location, location, location.  The room I had left a lot to be desired.  My refrigerator was broken, my air sounded like a Mack truck through the room, the water was lukewarm, never hot, the first couple of days I had resigned myself to taking very quick, very cold showers until the lukewarm kicked on.  The free cable featured about three stations and the door on my entertainment center never quite closed right, I kept my clothes in there because the drawers stuck and I didn't come to Vegas to be in a wrestling match, I will leave that to professional boxers.  My lamp shocked me each time I turned it on.  However, my friend who had the adjoining room, nothing was wrong with his room, so it must have just been my rotten luck to get the room where nothing was quite up to par.BUT!  It was always, always impeccably cleaned every day.  (They don't clean your room everyday unless you hang a sign on the door requesting room cleaning...fresh towels?  Yes, please!)  The view was really pretty, I didn't get a Fremont View, I had the train tracks view that run behind it, but the mountains were in the distance and it was quiet on that side.  (Honestly, I didn't see or hear one train)  Location was perfect right at the end of Fremont, so you could walk all the way down and back without having to back track past your own hotel.  I prefer staying downtown rather than The Strip because I think that's where it's at.  The odds are better and everything is within walking distance, helpful if you are drinking.  And you are in Vegas, so chances are, you are drinking.  I have to say the casino is my favorite in Vegas.  Except when the house band is playing and they only play for a few hours at night.  But you get a great view of the Fremont Street Experience from inside the casino.  This is the only "resort" that doesn't have a Starbucks, it has a Seattle's Best (which is a subsidary of Starbucks, but a very poor imitation.)  If you are from the East Coast and know what a real bagel is, I definitely do not recommend getting one from here for a quick morning breakfast, it was like boiled Wonderbread.  Totally gross.  I would have stayed here again, I mean yes, I had some snafu's concerning the room, but, like I said the location is great, it has valet, it's safe, it's convenient, fun casino...but they are renovating currently and the new rooms look really great, I can't wait to stay in the new and improved Plaza.  Oh and it has a pool...one of the only places downtown that has one.
1	If you like arm pits and taints, you will love the plaza hotel and Casino. The only good thing about the Plaza was Firefly, and even they left. I know that there is a renovation going on. I've heard. So don't bother telling me about all the millions in improvements that are taking place. In response to the million dollar make over I will leave you with a line my grandfather was famous for using. " You can't polish a turd."
2	We took friends to the Fremont experience last night and ahd to check out the old/new Plaza Hotel.. recently reopened. The old musty smell was no longer present and the interior looked nice. We decided to check out the Swingers a new piano, karaoke bar.I order a well gin and tonic, threw out $10 and was shocked when I received no change back. I could have gone to the M resort and had  Johnny Walker Blue label for the same price($10.00) The new bar had about 10 people sitting at tables and some female attempted to sing a song. Awful Awful. The place si never going to make it if they continue to sell drinks at Bellagio prices. It's downtown Vegas for gods sake :-)
2	My overall experience is okay.  Lobby looks great and the casino floor is fine.  i had a nice person at the reservation desk but my brother had a different experience with the female at the reserverations desk.  She was quite rude and not friendly all .  My brother told her that he didn't want to stay at the North Tower and she didn't listen to him.  My husband butt in and told her so she listen this time.  Don't stay at North Tower since that faces the Fremont experience stage.  You can hear music till 3am.  The windows are not sound proof.  The room looks nice but not enough outlets, the doors are old doors and won't close correctly, lack of water pressure, no cold water only hot water, no soap provided, no bed covers and skirt for the bed.   We paid $70 during labor day weekend.  Next time we will stick to 5 star casino.  In addition, you have to check in at 12 noon no earlier than that.
3	Newly renovated, this place is a decent place to stay when visiting Vegas.  It is right on the end of Fremont Street, so the location is pretty good.  The parking could definitely be better...There is a sign that says $5 non-refundable, but if you go through the front of the garage and let them know you're a hotel guest they'll waive it.  When we originally arrived and entered the back lot, they just made us pay and didn't mention it was free for hotel guests. The desk service was very nice and check in was quick and easy.  The room we stayed in was not even stayed in yet, so it was nice to have all new amenities. The air conditioning was FREEZING cold, but it was a nice change to the 112 degrees outside. No comforters on the bed, and when I called for one, they said they didn't have any but brought up a blanket.  Also, there were no ice machines, we had to go down to the bar, and the bartenders were not happy about filling hotel ice buckets.  The elevators were still being renovated, so they were pretty messy but hopefully they'll be better. I didn't use the cable, I mean c'mon I was in Vegas! :)  But the casino seemed decent. Hash House A Go Go is right downstairs, and I hear they have the best breakfast in Vegas (I didn't make it this time, but will give it a shot next time).  We saw a new Hawaiian restaurant opening and a Subway.  All in all, not the worst place I've stayed in and I'd come back. :)
1	They state that they spent billions of dollars to rehab the hotel but I don't see it. The rooms are not finished with nails still sticking out and just kind of ghetto. The only redeeming thing about the hotel is the bar called the swingers club. The staff are wonderful and it has a golf course in the bar. Never the less I won't stay here again.
5	I have been here before and after the upgrade.  The casino/hotel is moving in the right direction.  Things were still under construction and they were ironing out the kinks, but it definitely better than it was.  If you have never stayed in the downtown area be prepared for a little more low-key experience.  But if you are looking for a good place to stay for a good price then stay here!  Can't wait to see how it looks when I come back next year.  Should probably get 4/5 stars but I am putting 5/5 to offset the haters.
2	Refurbished. Casino much better. Room only ok. Appointments like furniture etc were ok. Bathroom pitifully small. No closet and no valet for bags. Extra charge for wireless internet. Shortcuts in refurb work abound. Not horrible. Just sloppy.  Overall a major improvement but still way behind the Golden Nugget downtown. Especially at the rate we paid.
3	Quick review:We ate at the sushi place inside and it was delicious! My boyfriend loves it here just because they offer crapless craps... I can safely say that we will probably stop by on our next trip.
1	Wow they are lucky you have to click a star in order to write a review! I must say this was the worst experience ever! We usually don't stay dt but thought we would give it a shot. We walk into the hotel and waited forever to check into our room. When we arrived in the room we noticed it was a small room.. (online we booked a suite). Apparently the guy in the front thought he could convince us a regular room was a suite. He told us all the features the room should have, when it didn't.  He avoided to help us when we came back down. Another woman assisted us and when we came into our next room we noticed the door was open and the room was already occupied. We went down a third time hoping "third times a charm." The woman in the front acted if she had no idea what was going on. I asked for a refrigerator because the attendant said "there was no ice in the building" and she said they were out... let's just say I was happy to book another room elsewhere!
4	There's a big difference between the Fremont Street and Strip casinos.Of course, there is the typical size and grandeur, the type of clientele, the closeness in proximity to each other, but there is one HUGE difference between the areas....Fremont Street restores its old casinos, not destroys them.I've often wondered if property owners on the Strip salivate hungrily at the mere thought of destroying any casino created before the Summer of 2011, falling over themselves in slapstick comedy style in eagerness to sign the paper to authorize the wrecking balls that destroy the first true moments of Vegas' miniscule history.  So many old places have fallen, leaving the Strip full of more unusable parking lots and deserted buildings that looks more like the scenario of a post-apocalyptic video game than a tourist destination.But not Fremont Street.  The Golden Nugget has been upgraded, Binion's is slowly coming back, and after months of disrepair, the Plaza has reopened.And it looks better.  Of course, anything would if one had stepped into the casino as early as this Spring.  The place looked like a war zone.  But now that it's reopened, it's so much nicer, and updated, and cleaner, with new restaurants and the like.That's not to say that it's all perfect.  There are still quite a few areas that they are working on, and some spots need some TLC that at least looks like it IS coming.  But I am a little surprised that they opened up as much as they did without it ALL being "ready".  Or at least open up smaller sections at the beginning.  I saw some of the hallways during construction last Spring, and it truly did look like Hell on Earth.  They still haven't worked that overall look out of some of the areas.Honestly, I think they opened up a little too early.  It does take some of the "Wow" factor out of the mismatch of brand new and still utterly trashed styles.  But I'm giving them credit for the fact that they ARE fixing the place and refurbishing the whole thing, rather than just shutting the place down and demolishing it.  I'm sure some casino property owners wailed and gnashed their teeth upon realization that something older than 7 minutes was still left standing in the city.The four stars is in support of what they have done to reinvigorate the place, what they are trying to do, and for just not giving up.  I'll keep checking back to see how the old girl is doing as she gets back on her feet.
4	Well done plaza. The buffet is gone hence 4 stars but I'm hoping they bring it back. Some restaurants are still under construction like Mickey D's. And rubios and a coffee place. Check out swingers bar. Happy hour 6 to 9 pm 50 cent draft beers and mini golf. Beer pong table and dueling pianos. This is a little gem. I always thought the plaza had potential and they brought sexy back. More people leave the strip and come downtown. But not to many lol.
3	I went to a play at the Plaza last night.  This review is for the casino and and renovations only.The Plaza is pretty much the same as it was before but new.  There is new carpeting, new slot machines, and new table game pit tables.  The layout is the same as before, but it has a fresher look.  They are also putting a nice scent into the air and the place wasn't smoky last night like it used to be.  The air flow must have been improved.The new Insurgo Theatre Movement theatre is on the 3rd floor next to the bingo room.  The theatre was a cabaret from the looks of what I saw last night.  It's odd to go to a play and have a nicely dressed cocktail waitress delivering drinks while actors are delivering lines (well only once).  She was also sufficiently unclothed to be worthy of the title of a Las Vegas cocktail server.  She was also really pleasant.The garage is still the awful thing it's always been.  The 2nd floor was mostly blocked off because this is Bikefest 2011 (motorcycles), so they had an area reserved for those noise makers.There was a lot of security everywhere last night and Metro and they may be due to the Bikefest,I won't be a regular at the Plaza.  Why drive 10 miles when there's a much nicer place a mile from home.  I will go to see plays there, but that will be about it.
1	Very disappointed with the reopening of the hotel/casino. We are locals and decided to give the place a try. Upon arriving we found the exterior of the building filthy, the parking garage was filthy, the elevators from the garage to the hotel were filthy and the interior doors to the elevator all scratched up with graffiti. We waited over a half an hour in a line of two to get our room. Finally getting our key we spent the next 5 minuts looking for the elevator to get to the room in the south tower. The hotel elevator was old and the doors were scratched up like the garage elevator. When we got to our floor, the emergency exit sign was busted, the no smoking sign on our door had been pried off. The door squeaked terrible upon entering the remodeled room. The room looked really nice considering. There was a smell to the room that was almost unbearable. like the cleaning staff had dumped gallons of febreeze in it.. The light on the nightstand had no switch so we had to get out of bed, walk across the room to tun off the light and hope we didn't run into something on the way back to bed. There are too many things to write more negative comments on. It's really sad that the owners didn't take a little more time to complete the work properly before reopening the Plaza. As locals we try to support local business but this is one place we won't be returning to stay
1	We once stay here some years ago,so I heard about the renovations and booked for one night 09/18/11 construction was still going on,new restaurants, coffee and bake shop,also there was a subway all near check in. The staff were o.k.they all looked stress and very busy but friendly room was large with a super KING size bed(it was just me in this KING size bed all I needed now was at least five more people and I would have been saying party over here) maybe next time but not at The Plaza Hotel,back to the room new furniture chairs,sofa,desk,tables,lamps,wall carpeting flat screen t.v.even the wi fi works in the room's bathroom very small! new sink also there is a safe on the wall.There was no soap at the sink or the tub,only sheets on the bed no top cover with three large pillow's only thing that I can see that was not new in the room was the same old beat up brown door's last thing there is no Ice machines on any floor's checked two floors up from the 9th and two floors down no Ice...took the Ice bucket back to the room before going to the front desk they tell me you get the Ice from the casino's OK. no problem I get there and asked for some Ice the guy behind the bar says where your Ice bucket I just walked away...saying to myself that was the last $56.49 they ever get from me.
4	This review is only for the casino at the Plaza. I did not stay here.Firstly, I love the decor of the lobby. I think they did a good job at creating a modern feel but it still had that really cool vintage flair. I love the red accents and retro artwork. I like their casino alot. We did very well there and the dealers were very friendly. It was not overly crowded and they had low min. tables which is a plus! This place was the perfect balance of old school / modern. I like that its not 10000% picture perfect. You know you are downtown.. and that is the whole point! I would hate for them to get rid of old Vegas. It was cool to step into a hotel on Fremont with some updating, but not overly done. The restaurant, Hash House a go-go there is AMAZING!
2	Not impressed at all. I heard they dd a big renovation and had all the goods from Fountainbleau.. Well. it still stinks like smoke.. looks nice but smells.. The bartenders were jerks.. Seriously.. I sit down with gf and a friend.. we order three drinks and he starts.. u gotta bet to get free drinks.. bla bla bla.. so i drop $5 in three machines fo us.. so I figure.. okay we should be good to go now.. for a drink.. my girl orders scotch.. he gets all. u gotta drop $10 per machine for scotch.. i was stunned how bad this clown was.. I was embarrassed for him it was such a stupid play for money.. So I drop $10 more in and say... here is your tip lets see what happens.. guess what.. he lost.. lolseriously.. total waste of space. get me drunk and i might drop a $1000 but piss me off and I leave.. its that simple people.. not going to waste my time at a smokers paradise like this.. so see ya
3	i used to stay here with my grandparents all the time as a kid, which is the bulk of the 3-star rating (the memories). i will admit that the rennovated interior is nice, yet it looks more like a swanky night club as opposed to a casino. the casino floor is very dark and empty...sad, really. unfortunately, i really see no reason to come back to the plaza...
2	I stayed here during the recent Bike Fest. The new Plaza is a big improvement over the old but it is still a Work in Progress in my book. The Casino is very nice and they have a decent collection of the latest slot & poker machines plus the standard table games. They have some nice new restaurants (including Hash House) with more to come. I'm looking to check out Oscar's in the old Firefly location when it opens. I checked out the Swinger's Club but didn't see anything that impressive. I'll be surprised if this place survives without some sort of theme change. I had a room in the North Tower with a King bed that was not on the Fremont Street side of the hotel. Decent view and not much noise. The room had the Fontainebleau furniture, tile, etc that the Plaza is justifiably proud of.  The tile and bathroom are very nice but the WIP theme continues with very crummy looking doors and a few other old pieces left over. The two bedside lamps were a part of the WIP entertainment. It looks like they were designed to work with an outlet that operates from a switch. None were available nearby so the best way to turn off the lamp was to pull the plug from the outlet.The parking lot is still the pits and the crowd from the bus station next door make it even more interesting. I hope they follow through and finish the work because then the Plaza could be a very nice property downtown. For now if you can get it cheaper than the Golden Nugget I'd stay there but be aware of the ongoing construction.
4	Don't let the poor reviews scare you.  If you need a clean place to sleep that won't wreck your wallet with Strip prices this is it.  I stayed here 4 days last week and other than the first night of noisy neighbors (the walls are indeed paper thin), it was a pleasant experience.  Yes, I did have to request a hair dryer and iron, but wasn't a deal breaker.Use the valet if you want to avoid the self park hassle.  As far as the casino - nothing to brag about here.  I only saw the casino while walking to Subway or to get my morning coffee.
2	I got their biggest suite available because we had a large group that came up with us. It is called the Derby Suite and we got it for about $350 a night. It was well over 2000sq ft. I'm sure in the 60's, 70's this place had some big name people staying within their doors but that was a long time ago. Other than the size this place was a dump...Everything was ran into the ground and the place looked dirty even after they got done cleaning it. If you aren't trying to impress the ladies then this place will be fine. Pros:-Price-Ok gambling hallCons:-Everything else
3	Newly renovated south tower. Bathtub/shower is very slipper and no tub mat supplied to make it less slippery.Tile floor in bath room and sink area also slippery.Bathroom door opens in.  Is someone strokes, has a heart attack or just passes out in the bath room, you will need EMTs to cut the door open to get you out. BEST to keep the door open.
3	Came here for the newly refurbished rooms and the relatively low price. Everything went as expected except for one thing. Though the room was quite a distance down the hall from the elevator, I kept hearing the movement of the elevator in the room. At first I thought the room was near the elevator, but was surprised to see how far it was. I got used to the noise after the second night.
1	Are you a BRIDE thinking about having your wedding here? STOP!Can you give a place no stars? This place has HORRIBLE reviews of JUST the HOTEL, despite their so called "Renovations" , so beware! And I'm not even complaining about their Hotel! This review (Or RANT ha ha) is for the EVENTS/WEDDING  department. STAY AWAY! wasted 6 months of precious planning time working with Janeen and Tricia from the Plaza.  I was given tours of the property and what was "coming" and promised how awesome the new banquet rooms would be. My first mistake.I was even promised 2009 event food and booze pricing for my wedding because of the inconvenience of their renovations. Because of that, I decided on the Plaza. A few months later, I was finally suckered into signing a contract and giving them a 500.00 deposit.. Then, I finally SAW the "new" banquet rooms. My BAD.They were normal, boring banquet rooms, and most of the area in them wasn't even NEW, including the carpet! If that wasn't enough of a joke, the two vendor companies the Plaza referred me to, to help decorate my event, were shockingly unprofessional. One, called Ltevention, never returned calls or emails over a one month period, and the other, a lady named Maya, scoffed at me as a client because I had 'GASP' a budget! (In this economy, can you IMAGINE?) She expected me to want to shell out over 6000.00 just for floor to ceiling draping to make the room, as she put it, more "stylish" ....in addition to all the linens, flowers, etc., that I wanted. (Never mind that I thought that since the room would have been a lot more elegant as promised over and OVER by the Plaza, why would draping even be necessary? It is, after all, an OPTION!) Then, to add insult to serious injury, when I told her I wasn't interested in those types of items, just simple flowers, linens and chair covers, her whole attitude and demeanor changed. She got snotty! After several attempts to contact her to finalize the rental of the simple items I did want, she chickened out of any contact with me, and enlisted the Plaza to tell me that she "would not work with me." And this was a vendor that my contracted Hotel, the PLAZA referred me to!! What?! So basically, I don't have enough money in my lowly budget to waste your time....Well, sorry. LOTS of people are on a wedding budget and don't have 30,000 to spend on a wedding. As a couple, we are paying for all of this ourselves. I was appalled that in this economy ANY vendor in any type of industry could SCOFF at taking on a client, no matter their budget. Unbelievable. When I expressed my frustration to the Plaza about these two quacks, (that THEY referred me to, mind you) they were of no help. All I got was the "too bad that's the way it is" song and dance. (Just more professional sounding and wordy.)Then they repeatedly tried to professionally distance themselves from these "outside" vendors by saying just that... "They don't officially work for us, blah blah"..but who cares? Don't they have any sense of professional integrity? That fact remains that the Plaza assured me that they would take stress and frustration out of the process for me by referring vendors. What about THAT promise?By that point, they had my 500.00 for only 16 days and JUST the day before I had been emailed menus so I could actually, after MONTHS, finally start planning what my guests could eat. But by that time I had a BAD taste in my mouth, especially about the crappy banquet room, so I respectfully asked for my deposit back, in writing. (Yes, I did write "respectfully" in my written request. I can show it to you.) Not that I stood a chance.Because of course, no respect was given. Sure, officially I signed, and I knew they were gonna take my money and run, but I thought maybe, just MAYBE, because of the way their vendors handled me, and the fact that up to that point the only thing I had planned with them was seeing their craptacular ball room and I was pushed around and ignored, that I could appeal to any sort of professional ethics they might have and just respectfully bow out, hopefully with my deposit. I was so wrong. So I'm out $500.00, but I'd rather be out that than work with this dump. They have greedily keep the 500.00 which they did not in ANY way rightfully earn. They lied about their commitment to work with me. The contract should have read.."We will help you only if you spend much more than what was discussed on your event. If not, you're on your own." And just so my fellow yelpers know, I am so not a "Bridezilla." All I want is a great party! But if you want to keep it simple, the Plaza completely abandons you and just gives you four ugly banquet walls and food. Oh, BTW, the whole place still stinks BADLY of cigarette smoke, just like in days of yore. Which is fitting. Cause they stink.
4	remodeled rooms are nice, w/bigscreens, new carpet & cool sinks.  it is total BS that with about 21 floors, there are ice machines only on floors 18 & 21 , and of course they are tapped unless yer extremely lucky.  i get comp rooms here with my modest play & i've never had a negative experience on the casino floor.  i dig it
4	I have to give The Plaza credit for doing a nice renovation on an iconic property downtown.In comparison to The Plaza of yore, the newly renovated version is a nice refresh.My stay here was a single night "staycation" following a downtown charity event with complimentary drinks.Upon check-in, the service was a little slow as they only had 2 front desk staff working on a Saturday evening.  Once I got to the the desk, the service was great.  The staff was extremely friendly.  The elevator security and bellmen all greeted the guests and wished everyone a pleasant stay.The room was very nice and clean, although small.  The hotel is 40 years old after all.  The furniture was very modern and the bed was very comfortable.  I'm told their renovation included purchasing of furniture from the abandoned Fontaine Bleau project.  All of the amenities in the room were very nice.We ended up at The Swingers Club at the end of the night.  A fun little themed bar with 2 cute bartenders in their schoolgirl themed uniforms having a great time with patrons, pouring shots in mouths while standing on the bar.  It was a shame that there wasn't many people there, but our group still enjoyed ourselves.I passed on the restaurants, as yet another Hash House exists in town, and sushi wasn't on the agenda for the group that night.  But I'm anxiously awaiting the opening of our former mayor's new steakhouse, "Oscar's".  With the slogan, "Beef, Boooze, & Broads", how can it not be great?!!!Anyway, for the value, Plaza gets 4 stars from me.  My expectations were appropriately set before my arrival, and were exceeded.Good job!
5	What a difference a renovation makes! I've been to the Plaza a few times, but this last trip was amazing. The Plaza has been completely renovated and it looks fabulous! Everything is very modern, they have a Hash House, a new bar, new games, everything looked new. I didn't get to see what the rooms looked like before or after, but if they were renovated as well, I'd be sure to consider staying at the Plaza next trip.
1	I go to Vegas a lot and this was the first time I stayed at 'The Plaza' in Downtown Las Vegas.  The only reason why I stayed there was because a friend of mine that lives in Vegas heard they had remodeled their rooms and wanted to check it out.We checked in on Saturday, 11/12/2011 and they were nice enough to let us check in at 1:00.  The first room that they assigned to us was already occupied, so we called the front desk and they had us come down to get a new key to another room.  We asked for a NON-Smoking room and the second room that they gave us had the OLD MUSTY HOTEL SMOKE smell.  I thought they remodeled???  We decided to just stay in the room since we were tired and didn't want to have to pack everything back up.There was no blow dryer or iron in the room so we called Housekeeping and asked them to send one up.  Twenty minutes later, still no blow dryer or iron.  So we called again.  We were told they were on their way.  Another 20 minutes later and we called another time, this time to tell them that we would just go down to pick it up.  Again, we were told someone was on their way.  Yet another 20 minutes later and still nothing.  We called one more time and again we were told they were almost there.  The guy finally got there after another ten minutes of waiting.  We ended up waiting for over an hour just for a blow dryer and an iron.  Needless to say, my hair was already dry by the time we got the blow dryer.  It was perplexing knowing that the Plaza had 'remodeled' their rooms but the blow dryer or the iron didn't come standard in the room?  Even Motel 6 has blow dryers and irons in every room.And then there were some draining problems with the sink.  It drained REALLY REALLY slow.  And granted, it was wrong but my friend threw up in the sink at 3:00am, making it worse.  We called for a plumber and when he got there, he gave us an attitude about the throw up in the sink and complained about how he was the only plumber there.The next day, after the sink was 'fixed', it started regurgitating and left gross brown bacteria in our white sink.  It was just disgusting.  I'm NEVER staying at the 'newly remodeled' Plaza Hotel again.Sidenote:  When I got home and unpacked, all the clothes that I brought with me, even the ones I DID NOT wear all smelled like old musty smoke.  I have to rewash all these clothes now.
4	My first stay at the new and improved Plaza was this week.  I had never seen the inside of one of their guest rooms prior to the remodeling and renovations, so I can't do a comparison, but I certainly liked the "new" rooms.  Everything from the bed, mattress, linen, TV set (flat panel that gets DirecTV), bathroom, sink, tile, carpet, tables, chairs, drapes, and wall art all looked brand new.  I was very comfortable during my stay.  The ice machines on the floors were inoperable, so I had to trudge downstairs to the bar to get ice in the bucket, but it wasn't too much of a hassle.  There are no coffee machines or irons in the rooms either, but I'm certainly not complaining for only $23 per night.  It was well worth that, and more.  Plus there are no "mandatory" resort fees or other nonsense rip-offs like that at the Plaza.  You pay for the cost of the room and applicable tax and that's it.The casino has a completely new look as well.  There are many more table games and banks of slot machines than before.  All of the staff I encountered were friendly and glad to help if you had a question or needed something.  Gigi's cupcakes were awesome. Hash House looked very inviting, but I had a terrible experience before at the one at Imperial Palace and won't ever go into one them again.  There are still some renovations taking place too.  There were plenty of security guards everywhere, and you have to show your room key to access the elevators to the towers, which I very much appreciated for safety and security reasons.Ok, now that the Plaza has been re-done, put some love back into the Vegas Club.  It's looks to be in dire need.
4	Huge improvement from the old property but it almost seems like they ran out of money right before they finished.The parking garage is ancient and terribly designed.  When you arrive make sure you say that you are a hotel guest (even if you aren't) and don't pay the $5 they collect.  There are two elevators in the garage but only one has been working since they re-opened in late August.  How do they let one elevator stay broken for three months?  That single elevator is painfully slow so if you are not carrying much, just walk the stairs though it's not the cleanest or safest feeling but it will save you 5 minutes, seriously.  If you check out on a Sunday morning when many people are leaving you'll wait 10-15 minutes for that single elevator to make the round trip as the line backs up since fewer people can get in the elevator with their bags.  This is where you see how terribly slow the elevator is.  Even though the garage is only 5 levels, it literally takes 3-4 minutes to complete a round trip.  Another thing you'll find through the elevators in the garage and both hotel towers is that about 20% of the button lights don't work.  You'll see people pressing it over and over because the light doesn't come on.  A very very simple and low cost fix but again they neglect this.No ice machines on the hotel floors.  They plan to have an ice machine on every 3rd floor but they were supposed to be in months ago and continue to ignore this issue.  Will room service bring a bucket of ice to you?  Yes but wait about 30 minutes and pay a $2 charge plus gratuity.  Otherwise you can get your ice bucket from your room and bring it down to the casino bar.  Now think about this for a moment.  You generally have to make two round trips to get your ice.  Go up to your room to get your bucket, come back down to the casino floor to fill it, then go back up to your room.  I suggested that each bar carry a large supply of plastic bags so that hotel guests can simply stop by the bar and get their ice without having to make the extra round trip to get their bucket and bag.  This solution would be low cost and alleviate much of the frustration but have they done it?  Of course not.  I could also mention that having just one ice machine on every 3 floors is insufficient but it beats having none so we'll fight that battle when we get to it.There are no hair dryers in the room which my wife likes to have.  She calls to have one sent to the room, it doesn't work.  Calls for another one which also does not work.  Finally she goes to Walgreens and buys her own.I've clearly focused on the negatives here because I want the Plaza to succeed and these are easy fixes. I am hopeful that if enough of us complain, they eventually have to listen and do something about it.  Please show your support of these issues at the Plaza Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/Plazahotelandcasino  Aside from that, the rooms are nice and certainly a good value.  If they can fix a few of these issues it will be a GREAT value.
2	I don't do Vegas nearly as much as I used to but I wanted to try downtown and the Freemont Street Experience as we were passing through on Thanksgiving weekend. We spent Saturday night here The Plaza was recently remodeled. I was not impressed.The quality of the remodel, though adequate could have been a lot nicer. The room was clean but the bathroom had a lot to be desired. Since they remodeled the showers they should have raised the shower heads. I'm very tall and the best I could get was mid chest. It would work fine for someone 5'6" or less. The mirror works well for someone 5'9" or less, any taller and you have to squat. Getting from the self parking garage into the casino was interesting. The elevator was very slow, it had carpeting but it was impossible to tell what color it was because of the filth. Like most of  the downtown hotels the cigarette smoke is really bad. Ventilation is much better on The Strip.  On the plus side check in went well and I called housekeeping for an extra pillow and it was there in under 5 minutes. The Freemont St. Experience. Vegas is not a place for kids but we had two with us and it wasn't a good influence. Sure there were costumed characters including Sponge Bob, Mickey and Mini Mouse right in between the almost naked show girls, the guy dressed (undressed) as an Indian in a loin cloth and the diamond vision type screens outside of the strip bars. The bums were a little distressing also.This is Vegas and I am not complaining , I'm only warning other parents that this is really not a place for young-uns. The next trip will definitely be on the strip sans kids.
1	The property is newly renovated, which is a significant improvement.  I've stayed here and the Golden Nugget numerous times, and while the rooms are nice they are not up to the level of the Golden Nugget.  My problem with the Plaza is their lack of customer service.  On a recent stay, they had a fire alarm malfunction at 5am that affected 3 floors of their hotel.  This is not a beeping smoke detector that needs a new battery, this was an ear-blasting alarm that went off for almost 30 minutes.  They had security on the floor hallway letting everyone know that it was a false alarm.  We tried to stick it out but finally had to get dressed and go downstairs because it was so loud.  I understand problems happen so I figured if they gave us a free breakfast or something when we checked out I was going to write it off.  The front desk wouldn't do anything, and after waiting for the manager for 10 minutes (who was helping other irate customers) we finally left.  I wrote a letter to the manager of their hotel operations describing my stay and received no response after 2 weeks.  All I can think is either a) they don't care, or b) they think that is an acceptable level of lodging.  Either way, I won't be giving them my business any time soon.
4	Stayed here for the first weekend of December. Rooms are recently renovated. Nice but not extravagant. Bathrooms are very small. My wife and I stayed in the North tower which DID have brand a new hairdryer AND a brand new ironing board & iron. A friend stayed in the South tower which had neither. Casino is decent. Hash House A Go-Go restaurant has AMAZING food and HUGE portions but is a little pricey. Island Sushi was average at best. Overall a great value.
3	CASINO REVIEW ONLY: I played here back in May while they still had tons of construction going on. At first we thought it was closed but realized just the front section was closed and it said that after 10 pm it was closed. So we go in and to be honest I hit the bonus game on ever single slot machine I played. No joke. I decided to play some of my favorite games and won over $89 on an 80 cent bet. I was on a roll. and I won ever casino I played that day. I quadrupled the money I started out with. I went back to this casino a few months later right before we left Vegas and the rennovation came out great. It looks awesome. All new games everywhere so new I dont think half of them were even turned on yet. but they expanded, added new bars, looks very hip and trendy (especially for downtown) it looks fantastic!There was a hawaiian party going on upstairs and looked like they were having a great time. I've never been a guest here but I would stay here. They also have the newly opened Hash House a GO-Go. looks like not many knew that its in there so they really got to step up the advertising there. I miss living in LV simply for seeing the lights and excitement. I can't wait to go back and see the rest of the renovations completed here.
1	horrible.. Light switch upon entring room didnt work, view of greyhound depot/homeless street below.. Bedside lamos unplugged, no towel bars in shower so put towels on toilits yuck!!! no linen like pictured in booking sights... sheets used at comforter.. so thin that two pieces of bread would be thivker than the blanket & sheets.. HONESTLY.. lights in bathroom so dark cant see to put on makeup or shave.. Lights were shorting out, fore hazard, horrible place, please do not STAY HERE YUCK
4	I really enjoyed staying at this place. The plaza is newly renovated and is no longer the creepy, seedy spot it once was. Extremely clean and cozy with a good vibe running through the casino.It sits right at the start of Fremont st. so, to me, it's perfect. Fremont st. is the new hip spot to go if you want to go and have a all around great time. The Vegas strip has turned to crap in my opinion but if you are someone who  has The Kardashians on your Tivo, you strictly buy shoes based on if a celebrity is wearing them, or you love ED Hardy then maybe The Plaza and Fremont st. is not for you.The Casino is small but you have so many casino floors so close to you  that you really don't have to worry about it.We had a extremely awful employee, I think her name was Fiji or something, who almost ruined the whole experience but management stepped in and made everything so great for us that there is no way that I would dock stars from the review.Oh and lets not forget that the place is VERY affordable!
5	The Plaza does NOT deserve 5 stars. I did this to counteract the ridiculous reviews of others comparing this place to strip hotels or the Golden Nugget. The Plaza is STILL one of the cheapest places to stay in Vegas... and still one of the cheaper downtown. This is NOT the Golden Nugget. It will NEVER be the Golden Nugget and can NOT compete with the Golden Nugget. That said... it's about 1/3 the price. For that you get a nicely furnished and large room and a moderately well appointed downtown hotel. If you temper your expectations, remember what the place USED to be and keep in mind that it's $20 to $40 a night, you will be happy. Paying $30 a night and complaining about the "view" is stupid.I spend lots of time in Vegas. I've stayed in large suites all over (Nugget, Cosmo, Hard Rock, PH, etc) and The Plaza is my new 'go to' spot in Vegas. I love the vibe Downtown and the gambling can't be beat. About the hotel: The Plaza was "refurbished", not "remodeled". Rooms are the same layout... bathrooms are still small... etc. They just have really nice furniture and are nicely carpeted/painted with lots of new fixtures. The bed is super comfy also. If you're looking for a cheap, clean, kinda cool and comfortable place to do some partying Downtown, the Plaza can't be beat. If you want to be seen at hot restaurants, go to the spa, wait in line for clubs and hang-out with frat boys and d-bags at the pool... stay on the strip. Please.
4	I usually come here to eat at one of the restaurants in here, but ive also done the occasional gamble while im here as well. The staff here is always friendly and ive never had a problem here. On another note i tend to win here as well lol so this hotel is one of my fav's to make a stop at either to eat or gamble and visit friends who are in town.
3	UPDATE...After a letter to the Plaza Management, my deposit money was fully refunded. I was happy and it was surprising, but very much appreciated, so I am adding two more stars. It's nIce to know that they actually listened to my complaint and READ my original review, so that is good. All is well, and I'm satisfied. Thank you, Plaza.
2	Sad to report that there is no longer a poker room at this casino...Even if the rooms are updated, there is no "draw" for me to venture to this side of Fremont Street.
3	Last time I was here, was back in December of 2007.  Back again, 4 years later, they did a lot of improvements, which I'll give them that.  But there are still some things that I dislike about this place.  Located on Main Street and behind Fremont street, Plaza still stands tall.  Despite the fact that, they closed for a while.  They manage to reopen with a whole new look, new furniture, and a new atmosphere.  We arrived in the afternoon to the parking garage and we notice that they actually have security letting you in the garage.  Back in 2007, its like a free for all parking.  Even though it is free, at least they monitor people who goes in.  Still the same old garage, but its one of the few free ones downtown.  Walking inside, it seems brighter and a bit more lively.  2007, was a bit of a darkish feel to it.  But this time around, It did feel a bit warmer than before.  Took us a few minutes to get to the check in desk from the garage but we were able to see a lot of new addition to the place.  Island Sushi Hawaiian Grill, Hash House A Go Go, and Gigi's Cupcakes, are some of the few new places to check out.  It was a Wednesday afternoon, check in was a cinch and not as busy.  We were booked in our room in the south tower.  We didn't mind the walk, and feel a bit more at ease that they have security who's watching who goes in the elevators.  8th floor and at the far end of the hotel, is our room, and this is the dislike part.  In 2007, the color scheme was darkish, the carpets seem like they haven't been vacuumed, but I wasn't really there to enjoy it, just to get myself settled into Vegas.  But now, December 2011, the color scheme seems brighter, the carpet was changed, and a better TV.  What I dislike about it, was that, we only got 3 small pillows for a king size bed.  There's not much of a closet, but a place to hang your jacket next to the bathroom sink.  I'm sure the safe works, but unfortunately, ours didn't.  You have new furniture's, but what's good is a desk, if you really don't have a chair to sit in.  You have a new TV, but, what good is it, when you really don't have a remote control for it.  I know they did change the wallpaper, but it did look like it was falling apart.  The bathroom is still cramped as I remembered it.  Still no hair dryer, no ironing board and a lot of wasted space and bare walls.  As for the casino floor, the dealers actually do smile at you, but communication tend to still be limited.  They tend to be lively in a way, but after the fact that you start tipping them.  But they were nice than the last time I was there.  My overall thoughts and recommendation.  If you are looking for a place to lay your head and not care much about the room.  Plaza is the place that is a decent price. It's one of those rooms where you get wasted and just want a place to crash.  It is nice in a way, but limited things to be nice about.  What I do like about it, it's right next to the Fremont Street Experience, there is a lot of things to do there than to stay inside Plaza.
3	The hubs and I stayed here four years ago, back when we could still call ourselves tourists, and The Plaza was a straight up dump.  Twelve seasons and thirty five million dollars later it's more like a butter face girl with a mall department store cosmetic counter make over.  Sure it looks better, but you can still tell under all the frills it's might not be something you want.  There is a strange mix of old and new in here and you can point out right away what has been there for a while.  I'll start with the old.  Thirty year old chandeliers stick out in a otherwise completely redone elevator vestibule.  Painted doors and hinges that stick in their frames next to poorly placed designer wallpaper.  Tiny bathtubs sit with shiny new faucets and tile.  Light switches and plates stained yellow from decades of smoke pop out from an almost completely renovated room.  There was a threadbare blanket tucked neatly between two new sheets instead of a comforter on the bed.  In the sports book you could walk between the new carpet of the casino that is a gray blend with red flowers to the old green carpet with shapes printed into it.  The buffet is now a sushi place, the layout is pretty much the same, but instead of the buffet line you have the sushi counter, but they kept the silverware.  Even the casino has mix of old barely working poker machines sitting pretty with shiny new reel games with fancy bonuses.  The worst of the old, the parking garage.  It looks like any day it could crumble to bits.The new fabulous things are choices.  They have a sushi place, coffee joint, A Hash House a go go, a cupcake stop, Subway, a McDonalds opening soon and of course Oscar's steak house which will be arriving shortly.  There is an Italian place that is so poorly advertised that I can't be sure if it's open yet either.  Another thing that was missing those four years ago; ROOM SERVICE!!!  Yeah, it's probably not that great and is not twenty four hours but it's another choice.  They also house the only bingo joint in downtown.  Check in has moved from the second floor to a small spot right inside the domed area.  It kind of sucks having to walk from the garage all the way through the casino and then back to the tower with luggage in hand.  It would really accommodate someone who is being dropped of by taxi though.  The parking garage isn't in the best of shape, and being downtown, where you can walk anywhere you need to get to, one may not even need to rent a car if you choose to stay here.   Overall the experience was a good one.  The rooms are still missing a few things like a remote, hair dryer, chairs for the desk and some decorative pillows.  I wish there was a extra pillows or a blanket for the bed as it did get cold overnight.  The room was basically clean and we got a great deal for the night at twenty eight dollars on expedia.com.  I have booked another stay for a friend and I as a girls' night out for a weekend rate of ninety five bucks so you can see there is a big swing in the rates.  I think the best deals are through their own website, but only if you are booking at least a two day stay.  With plenty of dining options and tons to do on Fremont street, the Plaza is a great anchor to spend your vacation checking out the cool side of town.
3	quick break down:1. Rooms, clean nice for the price. They could have put bigger TV's in.2. Beds, not that great if you want a good nights sleep.3. Room service, don't bother. 4. Hotel staff, excellent!5. Elevators, scary! doors open and the thing is still moving6. Times and dates on some venues are not correct. 7. Great location to downtown.8. Toilet/shower area is very small.9. Good drink prices! 10. A shower head that accommodates people over six feet tall!Overall, I would stay here again. The staff and the remodel of the hotel and casino are excellent.
4	You know, I really enjoyed staying at this hotel. I think they recently renovated. My room was clean, spacious and very comfortable. The only compliant I have is that they didn't have a hairdryer nor an iron. The casino is a bit small but they did have $5 minimum Blackjack tables which is excellent for a non-gambler like myself. There is a restaurant, McDonald's and a cafe right in the lobby for convenience. The location seems a bit far from the strip but it's only 3.5 miles north, but then again, that's like a $15 cab ride without traffic. Overall, a very positive experience for me!
3	The misses and I stayed here on Martin Luther King weekend to celebrate her birthday. The place does have many upgrades with the whole remodel thing. But I have to say that many of the old things are still there. They asked if we wanted to upgrade to a room with a view for an additional 20 dollars a day. We said no thanks but I guess she was feeling genorous she gave us the upgrade at no extra charge. The view was of the fremont street which we thought was awesome. The room was nice with new tv carpet bathroom sink. The bathroom was cozy in other words to small in my opinion. The shower head was to low I had to bend down so the water would hit my head. The bed was a hard king size bed. The elevators were  old  and they only had one working in the parking garage. Many new resturants to choose from a plus. Over all the Plaza did have many new things but it also kept alot of the old. I think we would stay there again if the price was right.
2	First time back to the newly remodeled Plaza Hotel. The valet entrance was less than inviting but inside, things are looking up.Had dinner and cocktails at Oscar's, the new restaurant where Center Stage and the pool used to be. Great atmosphere, friendly staff but they need to work on a few things. Drinks were $8 and dinner ran about $50 but had I made other choices, it could easily have run $60-70 per person.While my food was delicious (awesome double boned pork chop and creamed corn brulee), the long wait from the kitchen was terminally s-l-o-w. My dining partners complained that their food was cold (must have sat around, waiting for my pork chop to cook, because mine was hot).I dined with six, unrelated business associates, and splitting the bill was beyond ridiculous. I would have been fine splitting the ticket six-ways but that wasn't really fair to two who were eating light, probably due to budget restraints. The server could easily have given us separate checks (come on, it's all computerized!) but of course he refused. One of the guys spent 15 minutes figuring who owed what.Add in the poor acoustics due to the glass rotunda and you can bet that I'll never go back. I wish them well but they've got a few areas to improve.
5	Stayed here first weekend of February. Loved the look of the lobby and the casino as a whole. Rooms are nice, comparable more to a TI or Paris room as opposed to a Wynn room. Saw pictures of the rooms on yelp, ours however was a room next to the elevators. Upside, room was super spacious and bathroom was really roomy. You could hear the elevators but only slightly. Once you turned on room fan or AC it was inaudible. Great staff and just a really cool place to stay in downtown.
3	Stayed here over Superbowl weekend. Girlfriend got a free room here so had to check it out since they were recently renovated. Upon arrival, we saw two lambos parked out front and thought, wow, this place is the next hip thing. However, upon checking in you can start to see all the wear and tear. Starting with the cracks on the door, the light fixtures, and tiles missing. The rooms were really big, housekeeping was really quick when delivering towels, and they had new LG flatscreens. The downside, and there were a lot, was that the sink shot water in a weird way, the toilet flushed extremely slow, they had no lotion, and the room was so big it felt like something was missing (like a desk). The door tags were cool in that every room had a different phrase. Ours said "History is being made" and "History was made" I would probably only stay here if the room was free, otherwise, probably not.
3	LOCATION:Right at the beginning of Downtown Las Vegas. The Fremont Street Experience is literally right outside. VALET: Attendant quick to assist you as you drive up. Unfortunately, extremely long wait when it's time to get your car from the valet. Also, the valet guy actually gave us the wrong car... After that, we decided to park the car ourselves in the free self parking garage.CHECK-IN/CHECK-OUT: Average wait time. Sadly, the hotel did not have the in-room TV check out option, so you either have to a) wait in line or b) fill out one of those express cards and drop it in the box downstairs.ROOM IN NORTH TOWER:Very spacious room. Flat screen television w/Direct TV. The bathroom is rather small in comparison to the rest of the room. There's a wall mounted hair dryer for use. The hotel provides those conditioning shampoo combos, along with lotion and a small bar of soap. The bathroom area is also where the wall safe and iron/ironing board are located.However, the room lacked:-coffee machine/tea-closet-desk-comforter for the beds-thermostatHOUSEKEEPING:Towels were delivered in under 5 minutes of request.OVERALL:The Plaza looks great now that it has been renovated. The lobby area, casino floor, and the rooms finally received the long overdue facelift. However, upon a closer look, you can still see some of its imperfections. Nevertheless, it's still a great rate you're getting for a clean and newly renovated room in comparison to some of the other older casino rooms in downtown Vegas.
3	The hotel room was clean and large, however there were several points that I did not like about the room.  The first would be the lamp on the bedstand.  It doesn't have a switch to turn it on and off!  You either have to unplug it or unscrew the lightbulb.  There also is barely any free outlets to charge anything.  The bed is comfortable enough, but the blanket is so thin its barely there.  We thought there weren't blankets at all since they were so thin.  I also didn't like that the bathroom was super tiny and didn't have a place to even hang your towel.  The sink is outside though, which is nice.  There is also a safe in the room and at least inside the room it doesn't smell of smoke, although the hallway does.
4	It's cheap, downtown and friendly.  Well, it's Thursday night and I need to book a last minute hotel for a friend's birthday and did not want to be "cleaned-out" before I'd arrived.  Expedia to the rescue, then viola, this one, in a locale where gaming is cheap, and there is a show every hour - click booked!  I chose the view upgrade, it only cost me $6 extra, and worth every penny - I am suggesting this upgrade.  I stayed in the South Tower, 14th floor, facing the strip.  It was quiet up there, except for my neighbors, but not the hotel's doing.  The casino was relatively "smoke bearable" for a downtown hotel/casino - I can breathe.  The carpet, furnishings, and lighting are new in most all parts of the hotel, with the exception of the garage.  Parking is free for hotel guests.  Security is relatively good for a hotel. The room was very clean and upgraded which included new everything.  Bathroom was kinda small but it's just the way they built them in the LasVegas heyday.  My room even included a LCD, LG TV....eat your heart out Palms.  The check-in is personable, friendly and informative.   There are plenty of quick cheap eats(subway, ice cream etc) inside the hotel lobby area, along with a decent $$ cafe, The Hash House (use to be called coffee shop).   Some people complained about elevators, but I only found that to be the case for the parking garage elevator.  Pay attention HERE:  for all you Starbucks addicts, there is a Starbucks under the Fremont Experience, next to Gold Nugget, that stays open 24 hours ;-).   In a nutshell, the hotel is a three star, when compared on a hotels website, but I give 4 stars on this website because it's much better than average and I am comparing other hotels in it's class - mostly Boyd properties.  I would definitely stay here again, when desiring a downtown experience.
1	Room was nice enough for the price, but the sheer amount of confusing, erratic, and ultimately erroneous charges to our room account not only left my girlfriend's bank balance destitute, but in overdraft.  A complete lack of disclosure, poor excuses from the management, and an absence of resolution followed.  Wi-Fi is also ridiculously overpriced.Much like Vegas, the Plaza is a gamble, and the house always wins.  Will not stay here again.
3	I think the Plaza is trying to improve it's image, but has a long way to go. Rooms are nice enough but little things seemed to haunt our stay last weekend. We checked in at the front desk with the night manager who was friendly and efficient. When we got to our room it had not been completely made up from the previous guests. Bed made, but nothing else. We called down and told them we would be out a couple of hours and they told us they would fix it while we were gone. When we returned it was the same way. When we called they told us they do not have staff at night who can clean rooms and would have to move us to a different room. Why did we not learn that when we first called?Do not book a room overlooking the Fremont Street experience if you want to sleep before 3:00am. The noise is unbelievable. No coffee in our room but when I asked someone else they said it was included with their room. Internet access is by the hour/day/week and expensive.
5	I stayed at the Plaza in 2010.I loved every aspect of the casino/hotel.Rooms were great.Staff was very friendly.Food was fantastic.
2	This hotel is ok but I been at better the room are nice but the bathroom is very very small if you have kids they only get showers you need a plug to take a bath .note: if I was you bring extra TP they don't leave you extra when you run out that it,the hallway smells but the up side is the Hash House is a great place to eat Breakfast the pancakes as big as your head very good
2	Stayed here because my bowling team got a special rate for our tournament. Looked at pics online and looked good. (we stayed at the golden nugget last year.) the parking area looked rundown but the valet was nice as was the bellman who took our bags. Front desk lady was great but you could definitely tell this was not an "on the strip" hotel. The room was very disappointing. Beds don't have comforters and the toilet is almost inside the shower. There is no closet and the room is pretty minimal. There are no amenities including the absence for a refrigerator. When we called for one we were told there would be a $20 charge for one, even though there is a spot for one in the cupboard/dresser thing. If this is an update they've made then it's been a grand mistake. One of our friends even stayed in a suite and it looked like a college dorm room. Don't expect much from the plaza. The only saving grace is their service people who were all very nice and helpful.
4	This was my first time staying downtown..   I loved this hotel.  The room was nicely appointed  and seemed fresh.  Decent restaurants (hash house a go go).   They must have one hell of a ventilation system or they pump ALOT of air freshner into the casino, because it smelled really good inside there.  Could hardly tell anyone was smoking.   My only complaint is they didn't have ice machines on each floor and the floors that did have ice machines they were always empty..
3	Our family stayed in 3 rooms, of which 2 were adjoining, very convenient. The hotel was recently remodeled. Hopefully, the rooms will stay in excellent shape for a while. I understand that the hotel is still working on finalizing details of the remodel (they just opened the pool area). Be aware that there were no structural changes to the rooms. Plaza was always a modest place - no free coffee in the room, no frig, no closet. When we made requests from housekeeping, they were very fast and attentive.The parking structure is above the Greyhound bus station, and seems quite old, but parking was free. No free internet (but walk over to the Main Street and you can get wifi at the brewery restaurant). No coffee in room, but they have a coffee place near the registration desk area.Currently they have a fun free slot tournament. Hotel guests get 1 free entry. Or you get 1 free entry after logging in 25 pts on your players card.These food places are great: Island Sushi, and Coffee Latte (hotel guests get savings coupons), and there is a cute Cupcake store which is open until 10pm. They still have the McDonalds and Subway.For the price of the rooms, this place was excellent.
1	Living social, Exotic Excapes, Plaza casino did us good. Boycott this casino at all cost.
5	This place as CHANGES...... FOR THE BETTER..... Its AWESOME!!!!!
2	Pit Boss Etiquette 101...Don't try to alpha dog your customers space if you want them to stay and spend THEIR money. ALIN, I'm talking to YOU!!! Girls are super nice but spend your money elsewhere if you don't want a douche on your shoulder. Completely unprofessional.
1	Although I have never stayed at the Plaza, I have visited the casino three times since they renovated. My feelings and experiences all three times were the same, the staff is not friendly and I was not impressed. What bothers me the most is the strong stink perfume smell as you enter the casino. It's a deodorizer that's overpowering and gives me a headache. Therefore, I cannot stay in there too long. If they want to keep people in there gambling, they need to address that problem. I brought it up to security and they said they were"aware of it" The smell is so strong, I can taste it when I'm eating. The only good thing about the plaza is ISLAND SUSHI & HAWAIIAN GRILL, great food!! (ate there 4 times)  However, due to the smell...I'm forced to do take out or visit their other location. OVERALL, I wouldn't give the plaza the time of day!
5	We traveled to the Plaza for a fun weekend getaway.  We heard about the recent remodel and were very impressed upon arrival.  The lobby is pristine, and when we got to our room, we were blown away with the quality for the price!   We went to the restaurant on-property, Oscar's, to celebrate my birthday, and we were very pleased with the quality of food and ambiance.  I ordered the filet and it was incredible, melt-in-your-mouth good.  Being from San Diego, I of course love Hash House A Go Go, which they also have at the hotel :)  I'm not a huge gambler, but we did spend some time in the casino, and were very happy with the quality of slots and games to partake.  Overall, highly recommend you check out the Plaza and the new renovations.
4	So no refrigerator or microwave in the room. Just a bed (or two) and a telle and the bathroom. Not very close to the strip but there are a bunch of casino's right outside your door.What I loved this place for was the $25 price (incl taxes!) I paid and the beautiful decor of the room. Plus the staff were friendly. Bed was comfy and room was roomy. So if I were going to party in Vegas I'd stick with the strip and pay the fee's. But as my case was that my bud and I ended up in vegas one night early and we needed to stay somewhere cheap this place was incredible. I've paid more for shittier rooms. I'm a fan of the remodel. :D
5	Has anyone else been here since the remodel? It looks great and so much more modern! The lobby looks great and my room was very pleasant and comfortable - and what we got for the price was awesome. It's a little farther away from the strip, but it was just what we were looking for: a great place, helpful staff, good food, and a big casino with BINGO!! We had plenty to do there and didn't have to deal with the strip - but were still really close to it in case we wanted to go out there. One night we at at Oscars and in addition to having really tasty food, we also had a cool view of Fremont Street! I recommend people look into The Plaza - you won't be disappointed!
4	Very good job on the renovation! Impressive! Nice and bright gaming area with good selection of restaurants. Looks alot more customer friendly.
1	Although I did not stay here, I have had enough experience with the Plaza today to know I would never stay here. Ever.Long story short: bought a Living Social deal to stay here for 2 nights, get some other cheap throw-ins. Due to one of the associated vendors pulling out of the deal (and possibly due to a high amount of complaints about how the deal wasn't as sweet as advertised - i.e. a $100 "gift certificate" for dinner turning out to be $100 off a minimum $250 tab, "tickets to a show" being entrance into a free lounge show, etc. ), Living Social and the third party that books the reservations for you pulled the plug and refunded the money.Since I'd already made plans to go to Vegas for the weekend (and it wouldn't be a tragedy if I had to pay a little more to stay somewhere else), I tried to give the Plaza the opportunity to redeem itself. I called, and was offered a deal with a few bells and whistles, and while I was being given the sales pitch, I noticed it was actually about $60 cheaper to just book the room there without said "deal". I pointed this out to the reservation rep, and he said I wouldn't get all the throw-ins ($30 for slot play, $50 dinner voucher and tickets to a "show"). I explained to this person there were a lot of complaints about the "deal" stuff being essentially worthless, and if I was going to take the deal, I just wanted assurance as to what these actually were. Said he'd have a manager call back in 20-30 minutes. Waited a little over an hour, called the manager, essentially reiterated the same thing, and told him if he gave me the original deal we'd purchased, I'd pay him the original price, and we'd be square. He refused, and after some discussion, pretty much told me that the third party (even though this third party is located within the plaza hotel itself) doesn't actually even book reservations, they just sell deals, and the relationship between the Plaza and the third party was some corporate handshake that he didn't know anything about, effectively "I just work in reservations, I don't have anything to do with whatever deal you purchased".Phew. I feel better. So yeah. Won't be staying there, and glad I got out with my money back before I threw it away here.
4	Had a single Sunday night stay 10/2011. Great rate sub $40 for deluxe king room with Freemont ST view. Was excited to see the renovated rooms though I had never stayed here before the renovations. There is a big buzz over the revival of Freemont ST area and downtown in general. It is still a little honky tonk but young and vibrant energy.The room was nicely appointed - all new throughout. Furniture was contemporary but not gaudy. Comfortable bed. Nice retro decorations and prints. The bathroom was real nice too - no slap up shower stall but all new tile work and fixtures.(-)Freemont ST room has a nice view but will be noisy until 1AM+ with street activity and a band that plays at the top of the street so you may want to sacrifice the view if you are a light sleeper.Check in/out was breeze and the front desk staff was pleasant and expedient. Food court and Mc Donalds were still under construction but the sundry shop had prices cheaper than most convenience stores. Casino floor was. One area needing help still (at the time I stayed) was the entrance by the valet/parking. Due to the property layout there is a small drop-off loop for taxis etc by the front desk. If you valet or self park you have to walk through the casino to the front desk from the south side of the property - looked a bit run down and thought it could have been renovated (may be on the list) especially since that may be the 1st impression one gets such as I did.Will stay again and would consider paying upwards to $100/nt for a weekend stay.
5	Don't listen to the 1 star reviews. They obviously all had a bad experience related to a LivingSocial arrangement and are bitter.  I've stayed here multiple times and have always had a stellar experience. Recently, they renovated their entire hotel and it truly has transformed into a modern classic.The hotel rooms were large and spacious and complete with a large flat screen TV, iron/iron board, and basic toiletries.  I was extremely impressed with the modern decor and the view is fantastic!  We could see part of the Fremont Street Experience from our window! Though they did not have a mini fridge, I can forgive this small luxury as I only paid $45 a night with no added resort fee (unlike many other hotels)!    Fantastic value for a hotel in Vegas!  Give them a chance, you will definitely be impressed!
1	Booked a room for the big wine event at the Nugget. With the news of the remodel we thought we should give this old property a chance. Arrived late Friday afternoon to find valet parking on the other side of the hotel. Had to drag luggage through the casino because there were no bellmen at valet. The casino looks the same, older and smelly. We waited in line and got our room. They gave us 4th floor with a view of the roof and side building. The room was OK but bathroom was smaller than that found on a cruise ship. The pillows were hard as rock and so was the bed. As for maid service, we did not get a room maid up. They had to come and bring us towels and paper products so that we could get ready for the wine event. This is unacceptable by any standards.If you like Motel 6 you might like the Plaza. We will not step foot in this place again. Spend a few extra dollars and stay at the Nugget. That is the only first class hotel in the downtown area.
2	Not a place for anyone who just wants to have a romantic time. Told check in clerk had heard on yelp to stay away from fremount facing rooms she promised me she would put me on the 20th floor should not be a problemm The band was so loud it was lile they were in our room till 2 am every morning. My husband and I had such a terrible time here, loved the casino but if you stay here and are not all night party folks ask for the south tower or at the very least rooms Not facing the fremont street experiance.
4	This review is just for the casino.  I've never been to the Plaza Casino before, but we found ourselves here to see Best Little Whorehouse in Texas (Thanks, House Seats, or whatever other site we belong to that got us these tickets!).I was expecting a crowded, noisy, old-smoke atmosphere, but was pleasantly surprised to find it totally the opposite.  There was lots of space between the groups of machines, it was modern, and very pleasant.  I signed up for a player's card, played their $5 plus a bit of my own, and actually walked out $10 richer.  Can't beat that!As an aside, the show was delightful, too!
4	The renovation for this hotel was very much needed, rooms, lobby, elevators, and gaming area are very nice.  The rates are very reasonable and no resort fee!The only bad thing is the neighborhood is still a little ghetto, as it's downtown and parking structure is very dirty and they didn't get to it yet (or never will).  The check in line could be slow at times.Recommended for the price you get for the hotel.
3	they offered me and the wife a free weekend stay after the remodeled the place, the place it still a old fashion hotel that still needs alot of work and my room smelled like dirty feet or old socks, the pool was on my floor that was cool mcdonals and subway was just right outside my room would i stay here again..only if it was free,but i would not pay for it the golden nugget was much better and was right up the street
4	After my initial poor experience, I finally heard back from the GM of the Plaza with an apologetic letter and an offer to try it again.  I gave it a shot and had a much better experience.  Is it a Strip casino & hotel?  Definitely not.  But it is a much better hotel than most of those on Fremont St, I would say second only to the Golden Nugget.
4	Im a huge fan of Fremont Street.. I actually prefer if over the strip.. This hotel is not perfect, but its pretty great. Its super easy going.. the staff is always nice and you couldnt get into trouble in there if you wanted. We had a friend with us who was super wasted and decided to take out his anger on the elevator.. the whole control panel to be exact.. they called security but understood how stupid drunk people get and let us go.. and didnt mention it again the rest of our stay. Im actually planning on staying there for our wedding in Vegas instead of a place on strip just because they are so easy going. I will rent the Penthouse Suite to get us ladies ready and also for a pre-party before we all go out to the clubs and I am certain they wont say a word about how many people we have in the room,  or the outside food and/or drinks, unlike every nice place on the strip. Its not the most exciting atmosphere in their casino .. but its a perfect place to stay! Sure the last time we stayed we got a key to someone else's room and walked in on them! AHH!! Could have been a real disaster, thankfully it wasnt. Other than that.. it was fine.. if I were to stay any where else on Fremont it may be the Golden Nugget.. but only if I wanted to walk miles before I got to the street or wanted to pay strip prices to stay.
5	I stayed here two nights over a weekend.  Never stayed downtown before.  I had a great time.  The place is newly renovated and the rooms are nice.  By far the best value for your dollar in Vegas.  The place has a retro feel to it and Fremont Street has a friendlier vibe to it than the strip.  Casino dealers were friendly.  Had dinner at Hash House the first night, the food was excellent and reasonably priced.  Upon check-in the hotel gave me a coupon book with a $20 off coupon for Hash House which made it even nicer.   Walking distance to the new Mob Museum and Fremont Street Experience is right across the street.  Live bands play every night on Fremont Street and the light show runs once an hour.  The weekend I was there the area was mercifully free of the obnoxious d-bags that permeate the strip.  I'm done with strip hotels, this is my new Vegas stop from now on.  As I said before, this place is the best value for your dollar in Vegas.
5	The hotel is perfectly located at one end of the downtown strip, you really cant get lost :), the room was nice and a guard didnt let you on the elevator unless you had a room key :) there is a hash house a go go located inside, you cant beat that !
3	If you're looking to stay downtown at a great price, you'll probably be happy here.  It's been recently upgraded, as others have noted, but there are still some improvements that would make this place a 4-5 star location in downtown!Pros: 1. Updated rooms - really cool decor! 2. Great prices (if the Plaza website requires a 2-night stay and you only need 1 night, book through Expedia - they'll let you book only 1 night)3. Fantastic location for Fremont Street goers4. Lots of food selections on-site (check out my reviews of Island Sushi and Gigi's cupcakes!)5. Free parking (although the garage is a bit shady)6. Great service7. No silly resort fee! Cons:1. No free Wifi2. A/C is reallllllly loud - bring ear plugs if you're a light sleeper3. No coffee in the room, which was strange4. Parking structure is situated about the Greyhound station, and the lot feels shady5. The room is spacious, but it seems like they forgot to leave room for the bathroom - it's pretty teeny!  Husband hits his head on the shower head too.6. No fridge to stash leftovers or booze from the grocery storeMy husband has stayed here twice now, and I've stayed once with him.  It's a great place to take in the sights and sounds of Fremont Street, and if they'd add a few small perks, it'd be really fab.
4	Punk Rock Bowling 2012!!!This is for the Casino:The new look has a slick feel to it. Kind of a swingers vibe (The Movie!). I visited The Plaza just before it was closed for the re-vamp. It's a good thing they did, it really needed it. Man it felt rundown in there. But now with the new slots, tables, & a cool Craps Machine it feels like a new casino but still with an old school style. New restaurants and clubs/bars & a cool looking steakhouse. Looks like I'll be visiting every time I hit up the Downtown area.
2	So I came here last weekend for Punk Rock Bowling 2012. The show was hella fun, but the service here stunk. I played by the rules and just tried to have a good time. I tried not to cause too much trouble, but trouble found me. First of all, the security here are assholes. I stumbled in the front with my friend and tried to get a free shot because they were giving out free shots during the weekend. Security came up to us and said we couldn't have them. We told him we had a bottle in the room and he followed us all the way to the elevator. I flipped him the bird and came back down 10 minutes later with a bottle of Jack and he still followed us out of the casino. We got a smoking room. One of the people who stayed in the room didn't want us smoking in there so we smoked near the ice machine. Security kicked us out of there too. First of all, if you come to Vegas(especially Fremont) then you shouldn't have to deal with this.Other than all that bullshit I had a great time. The restaurants and food in the casino area were pretty cheap and Fremont was right there. Hobo central is right down the street too so be careful who you talk to. 2/5
4	I spent my birthday weekend here on May 10th and 11th. They have done a great job revamping their rooms. The room was spacious, view was great. Bathroom was a bit small but water pressure was good. The rate was very good for a weekend, about $55 per night. All of the staff was friendly and we never had a problem getting drinks quick while gambling. I'm a local just taking a staycation. Locals get a discount on bingo and as a new players club member you get $5-$10 free slot play.There's a good selection of restaurants including Hash House. Also saw a show at their small theater, Cannibal the Musical which was fun. Tickets came with some coupons for the restaurants.
4	Ok...it is difficult to imagine this place as a 4* location, but let me explain.1st off they are tremendous compers.  I received 4 nights free including a Friday and Saturday for being a small roll blackjack player.  I'm lucky to see a show ticket or buffet from the strip properties.  I was still skeptical, but decided to take them up on the offer.Checked in and stayed on the 22nd floor of the newly renovated South Tower.  Great room, super clean with a nice flatscreen TV.  Everything was very fresh and I do appreciate the triple sheets over the germ filled comforter.  Only issues with the room were the small bathroom and lack of outlets.  This is an old property so I know that they did the best they could with what they were working with.The pool was also better than expected.  Nothing fancy, but pleasant.  Great bar service and kid friendly.  Very chill no frills spot, that can be hard to find in LV. No free WiFi, but I'll take that over a resort fee any day.  Also McDonald's is your only 24 hour food choice, but I can deal with that. I also loved the properties restaurants.  Hash Hash was awesome and the food court was also easy on the wallet.  I heard good things about Oscar's, but didn't get by there.   Also enjoyed the cheap drinks and fun servers in The Swinger's Club.  Beers for a buck....Hard to beat.Security was tight at this property and I appreciated it.  Some of these guys were not the happiest campers, but they did keep the riff-raff out.  The Plaza is right next to the bus station and it seemed like the vagrants knew to stay away.  I had my 13 yo and wife in tow, so I did not have a problem with showing my room key or frequently encountering security.I did not catch a show here, but might check it out next time.  They have a musical theater group, male review, and a campy independent production space.  I'm sure the hosts would be quick to help you out with these.Word of Warning: I checked out and then ended up coming back for an additional night.  I was very pleased that the host comped me another night, but it was in the North tower.  The North tower is not as nice as the South tower.  It was doable, but trust me, you want to be in the South tower.Don't be afraid of Fremont.  I will continue to stay at The Plaza if the comps keep coming.  Also use your coupons and check out restaurant.com for a Hash Hash coupon.
3	I Have Never Stayed Or Been To A Hotel Downtown But It Was the Cheapest And Looked The Cleanest..My Friends And I Decided To Stay Here For My 21 st Birthday A Couple Of Weeks Ago. I Had Booked The Room On i4vegas Because It Had The Best Rate And The Hotel Had No Resort Fees Which Was Good Because We Wernt Gonna Be In The Room Anyways So There Was No Point In Paying For Essentials I Wasn't Gonna Use Anyways. We Check In And The Guy Behind The Counter Was Completely Rude And Then Told Me I Had To Put Down A 50 Dollar Deposit I Was Pretty Upset Because Nowhere I Have Stayed Has Ever Done That So much For The NO Resort Fees That's How they Get You Because You Dont Recieve It Back Until You Check Out. WE checked In The Room Was Very Clean Modern And Nice The Casino Is Clean But Small The Cocktail Waitresses Didn't Even ID Me Which Is A No No But Whatever. I didn't End Up Coming Back To The Room Until 4:30 That Morning slept Showered And Went To Check Out...Come To Find Out They Said That I Made 17 Dollars With Of Long Distance Phone Calls From My Room Seriously ? I Have A Cell Phone For A Reason I Asked To Speak With A Manager And The Girl Behind The Desk Was Rude And Didn't Wanna Get Her Finally 30 Minutes Later the Manager Came And Said She Didn't Wanna Take The Charges Off Because Of Where I Was from It Was Close To LA And I Could Have Made the Phone Calls After Explaining I Have a Cell Phone And That I Wasn't Even In The Room She Finally Took It Off Answer Refunded The Deposit. Bottom Line The Hotel Was Nice The Cocktail Waitresses Are A Joke The Check In People Are Rude And The Service Is Crap Watch Out For The Deposit I Would Never Stay Here Again The Only Reason I Give It 3 Stars Is How Nice The Room Is Other Than That Customer Service Was Dissapointing
4	The days of the old dingy downtown hotels is going on the wayside. The Plaza has gotten a face lift. Don't get my words twisted and think that the Plaza is going to be on the caliber of the Bellagio or the Venetian, or even the MGM. The Plaza is an old hotel that has gone through aesthetic remodeling. The furnishings are new, the beds are comfortable, but the rooms are still the same construction. It is however, leaps and bounds better than a couple of years back. People complain about the long walk through the casino to the back tower. It is a little bit of a journey. The plus side though? You do not get the bass and noise from the Fremont St Experience all night. I have to admit the view was nice. Seeing all of the people and the lights at night lost its novelty right as you laid your head down to go to bed. On a side note, I was hammered and still found it difficult to pass out with all of the noise.Pros:The location is great. Well, how could it not be? All of the hotels are right next to each otherThe cocktail ladies are proficient in the evenings The Swingers Bar has $.50 draft beersThe Hash House restaurant has a $10 off couponRooms are cleanThe Price!!!!!!Cons:Noise from FreemontSome of the clientele. I am not one of those "high class", hoity-toity d-bags that walk around Vegas with the lens less glasses wearing a woman's medium shirt they got at the Forever 21 year end blowout clearance sale that is addicted to fist pumping at the club. I am however a normal middle class guy and find it a little unsettling and somewhat of a bring down when Vegas locals come to the table reeking of alcohol, cigarettes and what I assumed was an odor combination of lack of showering and methamphetamines. They throw down more than what I bought in for and then start talking about how their disability checks might be getting cut slightly and how they deserve more than what they have now. Working almost 80 hours a week between 2 jobs it made my blood boil brining my happy drunken gambling to a halt. This isn't the hotels fault. It is a tolerable evil that you must endure while downtown. All in all it was a good, clean and cheap hotel. It was good enough that when my wife and I renew our vows in Vegas this year we already have a block of 10 rooms booked. If you are looking for a Vegas weekend without the utterly astronomic Strip prices, the Plaza can more than accommodate.
5	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Plaza on our way to Reno. For the price (30 for the night), it was hands down the best hotel we've ever stayed at. The room was very spacious and clean, and the bed was very comfortable. The staff was also very friendly. Despite the casino's proximity to Fremont Street, we couldn't hear a thing in our room. Being across the street from Fremont St also gives you the benefits of being so close to so many things, without the issues that come with trying to sleep above so much drunken commotion. Our room definitely exceeded our expectations.The casino, as far as I could tell (I'm not much of a gambler), was pretty nice. We played slots for about an hour or so and had a good time (play Maltese Fortune, I won 15 dollars on that one!). There was also a mixture of cheap and slightly more expensive dining options on the first floor (a McDonalds, Subway, a tiny bistro, and a Hash-Hash-A-Go-Go), as well as some fancier places upstairs (which we didn't go to). They give you a coupon booklet when you check in that has some pretty good deals for those places.
2	HEADS UP:  The Plaza is implementing a new rip-off mandatory "Resort Fee" of $10 per day on your room, following the lead of MGM and Station Casino properties.Sure, the rooms are much nicer now than they used to be, and there have been some renovations to most of the property, but this place is certainly not a "Resort" in the usual sense of the word.  Good lord, most of their guests already play and lose money in the casino, but corporate greed has dictated that the Plaza must now gouge its guests for a resort fee.  They must be taking their marketing strategy from the fee-heavy airlines.Anyhow, I for one plan on sticking with the non-resort fee Harrah and Boyd properties during my Vegas stays.
5	The Plaza has been remodeled and is super nice now. I think we spent like $50 a night which was just as good as the more expensive "re-imagined" rooms at the Stratusphere. I wish I could upload the photos I took of our room on the 22nd floor. It looked so good, I took a bunch of shots as soon as we opened the door. It was impressive. We didn't hang at the pool or anything like that, all I can say is that as far as the QUALITY OF THE ROOM VS THE PRICE, THIS CAN'T BE BEAT.
4	Others have covered it pretty well when talking about the new face lift. New beds, new bathrooms, flat screen TV's, showers that actually work with a lot of pressure, etc... Walk off the elevators right onto Fremont Street. Great way to do Vegas. The outside is still pretty run down and the street its on is one of the rougher in Vegas, but as long as you stick to Fremont Street and this Hotel, you should do well. I also came home up about $400 all courtesy of the Plaza. First time ever in my many trips to Vegas. Have to admit that really made me want to push it to 5 stars, but that just wouldn't be fair now would it...
3	This place seems to be under construction on a constant basis. But if you can get passed the rubble and dust (it's not that bad I am just using a little dramatic license) they have great restaurants Hash House A Go-Go, and Oscars (Review coming soon). They also have a large casino that is well lit. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	Is it possible to give them zero stars??  I don't think I have ever written a downright bad review for somewhere, but here it goes.First, there were a few smaller inconveniences: They gave us a room with one bed when we asked for two, takes a long time to find a parking spot, front desk guy doesn't really seem to know what he's doing, etc.  A bit annoying, but not the biggest deal. We also noticed our A/C unit had ice all over one side, but we were too tired to care. We checked in around 11PM and were probably asleep by 11:45 after a long day of driving.  Around 12:30 we were awakened by a loud banging from our A/C unit.  Again, annoying, but whatever.  So we flipped the unit to "fan only" and went back to sleep.  Around 1AM, we were awakened again by the A/C exploding.  I'm not kidding.  Loud bang.  Fire.  Sparks.  Did I mention FIRE?!  Scares you to death, and I'm sure if the bed was closer to it, injury-threatening.  In any event, the fire was put out quickly, but HERE"S THE KICKER: the front desk didn't really care!  No, "Oh wow, sorry about that, we'll look into it."  Just "you can change rooms if you want."  Yes, I want!  We waited in line for some time to change rooms (gotta love Vegas), and they switched us rooms, but after that fiasco though, we just couldn't sleep and decided around 2AM to just leave, and... THEY WOULDN"T GIVE US A REFUND!!!  Really?!  No refund?  We were there less than 3 hours, most of which time was spent dealing with their mess ups and defending ourselves from demon A/C units.  Wow.  Obviously something we should pay full price for, right?!Simply put, don't stay here.  Unless everywhere else is full.  And then maybe just drive to Mesquite or sleep in a gutter somewhere.
2	Love the remodel. But the front desk is a complete joke. Slow!! Check in and check out, only two employees with a line out the door. Stacy was exceptional SLOW and worthless. Would love to give more stars, but just can't due to front desk.
4	Remember that the Plaza has gone through a major renovation.  The low star rating is mostly for the OLD Plaza.  The NEW Plaza is fresh, friendly, and only a half click below your average strip room.  Let me tell you where it lacks:  1. The bathrooms.  They're fine, but they are small.  Renovation is NOT remodel, so you can't change space.  But the standard room was really large so I didn't mind.  2. The pool.  This is something that I hope they renovate eventually but for now it's just a plain pool on a 5th floor rooftop with a small bar.  LOTS of potential there for them to create some very cool space though, so I hope they get to that.The great thing about the Plaza is that you're right in the heart of Downtown, and they have lots of stuff right inside the hotel.  $2 Dos XX at the casino bar, restaurants, gaming, all new and redone.  The valet is a bit confusing as the front valet (drivearound entrance) is only open for a few hours in the evening, all other times you have to enter off the side by the bus stop.Bottom line is, we never felt unsafe, the staff all over the hotel was wonderful and friendly, and at roughly $50/night it was a steal!  I will DEFINITELY stay at the Plaza again!
4	I think the updates were nice. Small bathrooms, but huge room! Really wish they had a cool pool! Great location for walking around downtown.
4	1st let me say that I am not really a fan of the downtown hotel/casino scene.  I love the clubs on East Fremont and the vibrancy of the downtown area itself but I have found with small exceptions, the hotels leave a lot to be desired.  A recent convention held at the Plaza changed that. The downs 1st since there are so few:  1) The bathrooms. they are updated but tiny.  If you are more than a size 3, good luck closing the door on the toilet/shower combo. 2) The elevators: please repair them.  3) the casino it self still looks "tired" and still smells that stale smell of downtown. 4) hire people who are happy to work not just there to fill space, especially in your front desk & club card area. 5) 15/20/25 per day, depending on who you speak with, for a small fridge in the room. Other hotels charge 15/20/25 for the entire stay.  The ups:  1)The room renovations are outstanding. The beds are comfortable. The amenities are great and currently NO resort fee but I understand that is changing.  2)The convention area where we spent most of our daylight and midnight hours is clean, spacious and well appointed.  3) the staff: housekeeping, bell, valet, & convention center all were extremely helpful and nice. They should train the front desk staff.  4) the lobby is fabulous. I mean really for meeting people, for casual conversations, for people watching I don't think there is a better place.  5) dining choices.  I cannot say enough about this.  There was something for everyone's budget.  From the Pop-Up Pizza (see another review) to Oscar's Beef Booze & Broads (see another review) it was fantastic.  Even though we were 400 in attendance, we never had to wait for a table at either Hash House, Island Grill or Oscars. The 24/7 McDonald's was nice and their overnight staff was very nice considering the drunken group of people who were staying there. We were on the 15th floor all the way at the end of the hall (so typical of my hotel Karma) but with an unobstructed view of the strip.  We had 3 late night pool parties 1am-4am and while the pool might not be the most fabulous in Vegas, it suited our needs.  You haven't swum (LOL) until you've swum at the Plaza pool at 2am with all of Fremont stretch out before you with a balmy breeze kissing your skin on a warm Vegas summer night.  Perfection. As this is a new event in an off season, we are planning on repeating it annually and my hope is we return to the Plaza but even if not, I will still send my clients who want the downtown experience.  Good Job on the renovations. Side note:  While the rates are good, parents..do not bring your children to downtown.  there is NOTHING for them to do.  And leaving them unattended in the lobby is not good parenting.
2	I just stayed here again, and am sad to report some changes.  They have begun charging a $10 resort fee per night, beginning today, July 24.  They also have begun charging for parking for non-hotel guests, so be sure to bring your confirmation paperwork with you to show the guard at the gate, otherwise you will be charged $5.  Don't forget it!!  You'll be given a parking pass for re-entry after you check in; don't forget to bring that with you if you leave. The resort fee apparently includes the following: Hotel resort fee inclusions (may be listed elsewhere in this description as complimentary or available for a surcharge):    Internet access in guestroom    Phone calls (local)    Use of pool    Use of nearby fitness center    In-room bottled water    Self parking    Valet parkingI'm glad internet will be included, but other items were either included in the cost of the rooms previously, or services I wouldn't use anyway (except the bottled water, which they didn't have before). The other items on my previous review still stand, but this new fee knocks it down a star.  I'm paying more and not seeing a real benefit from it.  The least they could do would be to include a coffeepot in the room!  I definitely need caffeine after a night on Fremont Street....
4	For my final night in Vegas, I stayed downtown here at The Plaza.  Showing up at 10 a.m., trying to check-in, I was a bit afraid I'd have to walk around until official check in time.  I work the midnight shift so I am use to being up all night and was exhausted.When I walked up to the desk, the receptionist was friendly and did all she did to make my check-in a pleasant experience.  I was asleep by 10:30 a.m. in my comfy bed.  The room was adorable and the bed was super plush.  I slept like a baby.  The variety of restaurants available at this hotel/casino was amazing. You don't even have to leave the hotel for any convenience except for souvenirs.  I ate at Island Sushi twice during my stay (which was only for a day).  I will be writing a review on it shortly.  I definitely would stay here again.  I paid no resort fee (I guess because I stay before 7/24/12) and was showed amazing courtesy by all employees.
3	I've stayed here before but it's been some years. Just recently stayed and was pretty impressed with the new renovations. The improvements were really nice and more modern and brought the hotel/casino into the new improved Vegas. As far as the rooms go they're not very big but are decorated nicely with flat screen tv. Sucks that they don't have a coffee pot in the rooms, there is however a hair dryer, iron and ironing board. The shower/toilet room is super tiny, you almost have to step in to the tub just to shut the door, otherwise the vanity area is decent. I'm also under the impression that they are now charging a $10/day resort fee to their guests. Also make sure you print out some sort of confirmation paperwork to take if you're staying there because if you don't you'll have to pay $5 for parking, although you do get a parking pass to use upon check in that allows you to leave and come back without paying.overall not an awful experience, a decent place to lay your head in the fremont area and at a reasonable price.
2	Checking in takes a long time.  Hotel needs to have more front desk personnel assigned at the check in desk.  This is the guests first impression and it gets ruined when guests have to wait in a long time.  There were only 2-3 employees attending the front desk.  The elevator connected to the garage is a joke.  They really need to upgrade it.  On the bottom floor, they had a huge fan blowing into the elevator closet, I guess it gets over-heated and malfunctions...that's a safety issue.  NOTE:   If you park on the 3rd floor of the garage, you can bypass the garage elevator and walk into the hotel and take the hotel guest room hotel-musch FASTER!
4	Was at the Plaza for a party on a Tuesday night, and I was kind of excited to go, I remember last year being at the end of the Freemont Experience  looking at the Plaza with its lights off and thinking man, that would have been a grand hotel,  I didn't know it was being remodeled for past 2 years.So some friends and I arrived at the Plaza and walked in, and I'm impressed with the look and feel of this place. I texted some friends to see where they are at, saw one wondering around, told him to led me the way to the party room and off we went. My friends were staying in a double suite with a view of Freemont st behind them. It was pretty sweet. The rooms were nice too, I liked the look and feel and the art work on the walls, nicely done!  Wouldn't mind coming back to the Plaza! Had a fun time!Only thing, the valet parking is right next to the greyhound bus station, guess you can't have everything right?
2	Yuck. I spent a night here on my most recent trip to Vegas. Back when I was a teenager, the Plaza was one of those hotels that desperately needed to remodel. So fast forward 11 years later. The casino and hotel have gone through massive remodeling and refurbishing. For an older casino in Downtown, it looks surprisingly good. Unfortunately, the same can't be said about its parking lot, the elevators, the customer service, and the locals.We waited an eternity at the valet parking. For some reason they only had one kid working the valet while his fat slob of a supervisor was nowhere to be found. Finally, when we arrive to the valet booth, they tell us to go to the front to check-in first because they were only taking valet for guests that already had their hotel keys. When we get to the front, a security guard tells us we have to go back to the parking lot because they were unexpectedly too busy and backed up. Then we go to the run-down parking structure, and amazingly, no parking. We finally parked in a shady lot a block down the Plaza. The elevators were a HUGE nuissance. When time came to check out, we waited about half an hour altogether to finally arrive to the lobby. How in the hell does a hotel allow that to happen? The crackheads and meth heads that roam all over Fremont also didn't really help. The rooms weren't too bad however, and you get what you paid for and then some. The inconveniences really ruined my stay here though.
3	The hotel is decent, but check-in takes a long time. They need have more staff at front desk.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE.... Horrible customer service.  We got overcharged on our one of our rooms, even though we had paperwork to show the price.  Said one of our rooms was charged more because "IT HAD A VIEW", we did not reserve a room with a view.  We had 2 connecting rooms and they considered one of them a view...what??? The front desk "manager" was so rude and disrespectful to us, acted like it was a bother to talk to us. This long blonde hair women needs to go back to school to Learn Customer Relations 101.  We turned in problems that needed fixed the first day of our six day stay and they were never fixed.  We had to ask for towels at least 4 out of the 6 days, even though we had registered 4 people in one of the rooms and they would only leave 2 and they even forgot the bath mat a couple of times.  Bad experience and would not reccomend this hotel to anyone. Had to take a anxiety pill after we left because this so called manager upset us so bad.
4	We booked a room about 2 months in advance so there was no resort fee for us when we stayed August 1st.We LOVE our stay. It is not luxurious but we were satisfied at the price ($65 on weekend using NSAD discount). It didn't have fridge as I had hoped but if that keeps price low, not having extra amenity in the room, then I'm all for it.I subtracted one star for one reason-- people allowed to smoke in the pool. I was surprise by this and hated it. I understand smokers have their freedom to inhale cancerous narcotins but non-smokers are entitled to enjoy the pool with the incovenience of second-hand smoke. Suggestion: Smokers have their own separate room to affect only their own lungs, not others.
4	Anyone who is complaining about the Plaza Hotel has to be a hard-nosed, difficult curmudgeon...cause we got WAY more than we paid for! An excuisite room with a spectacular view of the Strip for just $30! Woulda' been 5 star...except I had booked a room with a Deluxe King Bed, and all they had was 2 Queens. I will come back!
1	PROS:  Room cost roughly $60.00 per night. Room was very clean and very modern.CONS: Front desk is a joke!  Check in takes about a half an hour, called down for extra towels & was on hold for ten mins before I gave up.  Will stay again if I have no other choice but make sure I have everything I need before leaving the front desk as you cannot get ahold of them after check in.
5	I have no clue why this hotel has 2.5 stars. They have underwent a multi million dollar renovation, twice rooms are modern yet urban. Colors or green, purple, yellow infuse the spacious rooms. If your able to get a view of Fremont street, it's fun to watch. The beds are so comfortable! Bathrooms are great. Modern sink outside of toilet with gorgeous tile work and unique    Faucet.Casino is great, new machines, could use a few more waitresses but what casino doesn't?Best part is, you can walk all over Fremont street and stumble safely home. Hotel is safe , security all over, valet parking
1	After looking at all the Yelp reviews, I knew this place was either gonna be a hit or a miss. We basically just wanted a place to sleep since we were planning to be out pretty much the whole weekend. So we decided to go the economic route and gambled on this hotel. Well, let's just say, it was definitely a miss for us. Economic or not, we won't be coming back here again.Pros: -Room cost is relatively cheap compared to other hotels. -I heard they renovated, so the rooms LOOKED decent. -Check-in and -out was pretty fast for us, BUT the line was quickly forming behind us. Cons: -The bathroom sink's drain was closed and there was no way of opening it. The sink was quickly filling up with water we used to wash our faces. Gross.-The bathroom/shower was small and stuffy with no fans or windows.-The AC SUCKED. I woke up so many times throughout the night because I was so hot, not to mention, IT WAS LOUD. -They charge you $10 for resort fee PER NIGHT plus tax or whatever else they charged because my CC came back and it was $11.30 per night.-Not much of a resort. Our apt complex's pool was about the same size. I didn't bother going, but I could see it from our room. It was sad. I paid $22 for NOT using their crummy "resort". Nope, you can't opt out. -$5 parking fee. You can get that back at the front desk when you check in, and they'll give you a parking permit.
3	I had fun getting wasted on the cheap!! Really enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere. Renovation is nice. I didn't stay at the hotel, review is just my impression of this casino 6 drinks deep
2	Booked hotel room on a holiday weekend before resort fee has activated. So we were happy the extra charge was not placed on our bill, nor did we have to pay a parking fee. I must say that the room was clean and modern, which was expected after the big remodel. I was surprised to learn that this hotel no longer is part of the Freemont Experience association due to some dispute with the group. There was a long line to check in and the usual security guard to check hotel cards before you got on the elevator. Found that to be a false sense of security. The Asian cafe in the lobby served good food for the price and the cupcake shop had very good quality cakes. Where I had the problem was housekeeping never came to clean our room. We tried to call twice and was placed on hold for several minutes. Finally my husband went down to the lobby to complain and he was told housekeeping second shift doesn't start until 6 pm. So we waited and waited..no one ever came up. I found the housekeeping closet open and helped myself to water and clean towels. I was not going to do the bed linen too. Nothing was ever resolved and so I had to post this review. With so many hotel options in Las Vegas, I don't plan on ever staying here again. By the way, fair warning that there is train track in the back of the hotel. Pretty regular train schedule, even in the middle of the night.
4	I like it here...very clean and rooms were renovated.  The only downside...the noise from Fremont Street can be heard from any of the rooms.  Aside from that, very convenient when you are staying in downtown.
2	I haven't been to this place since the remodel. First off, the parking garage is crazy!! Man! You have to drive really slow and careful not to sideswipe walls! Second, the elevators stink all to high hell. They didn't renovate here at all, but a little Febreze could go a long way!We had a junior suite and I must say that I was impressed. The room was well decorated and laid out. I would recommend splurging for it if you're going to stay here. I didn't stay here, a friend rented the room for our bachelor party, so it served its purpose as a pit stop.The casino I didn't see much of, as we didn't really hang out here, but it looked pretty descent and they have the latest casino games.Would I stay here, say for a weekend getaway to hang out in old Downtown Las Vegas? Probably. Like I said, the junior suite was nice. The only downfall is the smelly elevators, smelly hallway to the elevator and the ridiculous parking garage.
3	I booked my room at The Plaza accepting the fact that, hey, this hotel is in Downtown Las Vegas and it's not that great. The reason why I selected this hotel for a weekend getaway was because it was priced correctly. When I arrived to the parking garage of the hotel.... I was disgusted. Shoe prints were everywhere and it had a funky smell to it. I was unaware that you had to check in first and THEN park. If you do not, you must pay $5 which can be reimbursed at the front desk by an attendant. At the time of the check in, you must present them with an I.D. One thing I did not know is that they charge you $11 a night for room's fees. They also put a $50 hold on your card which is later returned if you don't destroy the room. I asked about the room fee's and the reason they charge you with that is for Wi-Fi, bottled water, access to the pool and other services that I cannot remember. It didn't bother me whatsoever. The room itself was AMAZING. They weren't kidding when they said they remodeled rooms.  One thing I didn't really like is the shower room itself was small. I wish they had more space but it wasn't a big deal. *Note*LADIES: Take your blow dryer and iron if needed. The appliances provided didn't have the umph my clothes and hair required.As far as the hotel, they have slots, tables and keno. Bar service all night and they even have a cupcake place and Pop Up Pizza inside! I do recommend the pizza place. Customer Service receives a 7 out of 10. The only reason they aren't a 10 in my book is because of ONE person. Comes to show you that that can make a huge difference. P.S: To those that are complaining about it not being "family friend", herp derps... it's Las Vegas. Take your kids elsewhere and stop complaining. ;)
4	I actually had a great time here. The parking garage is kinda old a ghetto but the rates are very competitive and the rooms are small but are freshly remodeled. As soon as you get there sign up for their rewards and enter the slot machine tournament. And across the street only 20 steps away is the legendary Fremont Street with the light show!
4	the price is good for the location and the rooms have been remodel
2	Casino Only Review: 1: The place smells like someone dumped 50 gallons of Febreze right inside the front door. It's like ok people, you overdid the scent stuff, back it off a bit. It almost burns the nose it's so strong. 2: Want a players card? Cool your heels, service is friendly but slow. 3: Slots: Blah, boring, and the casino floor even on a Saturday is maybe a notch above what you would find at a Dotty's in some far flung strip mall with a group of seniors who are 2 hours past their last cup of coffee. No energy. Snooze-ville.4: Cash Out machines. I finally found it, all the way back by the cashier's cage. Seriously, we can't buy a few more machines to make it easier to cash out like your competition across the street does?5: One bright spot, they have one of the coolest dang Megabucks machines I've ever seen. I couldn't resist it, and while I didn't win, I sure liked the damn thing. (If you know how slot machines are made, the tech side of it will get your attention). Overall: Just NOT impressed. Not even a cool Megabucks machine can save this review from 2 Stars only. Your best bet? Don't step out from under the West end of the Fremont St. canopy as there's nothing to see over there.
4	This was a good experience, the rooms received a face lift so the decor is definately much more modern and appealing to the eye.  The room we stayed in had a pretty nice view too.
1	this week is Bikefest and one of the stops on the poker walk  was the Plaza Hotel. Upon entering the place smelled terrible. it's like dumping perfume in a dump trying to mask the stench. its just terrible. Went to check out the pool and it still looks terrible. The Y has a nicer pool.like I said before. it's like trying to put lipstick on a Pig. it's still a Pig
2	Everything is just okay--no great shakes.  the worst overwhelming smell of tobacco ever!!  the apathy and lack of customer service ethic of the front desk staff--never saw concierge on duty--contribute to my unwillingness to rate this higher than a 2.
4	My husband and I got married in Vegas 9/29/12, and though our wedding was not at the Plaza, we decided that we would reserve a block of rooms for our guests here, as well as book a mini suite for ourselves. Let me start by saying the casino, lobby, and rooms were all very nice. I had never stayed at the Plaza prior to this, I don't think I have ever even been inside, but I had heard that they just did the renovation, and heard it was nice, so we went with it. I couldn't decide to give the Plaza 4 stars or 3 stars, based solely on the group reservation department, which is where the hotel missed the 5 star mark for me. Even the rude girl at the check in desk wouldn't have made this hotel lose a star, as I didn't personally experience her, however SEVERAL of my guests did. I felt that the customer service from the group sales department left much to be desired. They didn't get back to me, didn't answer questions - I asked the same question to 2 girls that work there, and after 5 days of no response back from either one, I finally called the manager, and all of a sudden one of the girls called me back within an hour of me leaving the message for the manager, however I still wish the manager would have contacted me back, as I was pretty much done dealing with the girls at that point. I also was pretty surprised to find out that a block of rooms can mean anywhere in the hotel, which sucked that some of our guests were in north tower, some in south tower, and everyone was on different floors from one another. I thought the whole reason we booked it all so far in advance was to have a block of rooms together, at least in the same tower if it couldn't be on the same floor. The lobby of the hotel was really nice, the mcdonalds is open 24 hours, which is nice, the hash house a go go was really really good - we tried to go Saturday morning, but there was over an hour wait, so we ended up going Monday morning, and it wasn't even crowded at all. My parents stayed at the Golden Nugget, and when my dad came over to our room, he was impressed by how big and nice it was. The mini suite had a mini bar, and it was nice to have the fridge in the room. Also, when you book a group reservation, the resort fee is waived, so we were able to access the internet and stuff for no extra charge. I didn't use the parking garage that everyone complains about in other reviews, the south tower is right by the valet, so we used the valet service our entire stay. I also like that they have a security guard stationed at the base of each tower, and you have to show a room key to access the elevators. Overall, I would say our stay was great, we had a great time, and I felt the rooms were pretty nice. Also, there is a lounge called the drink, and we hung out there one night, it was pretty fun, shots for 25 cents every hour on the hour. Only other negative thing was that we brought a babysitter for the wedding night, and when they checked out, they left my kids shoes in the room, when we went to lost and found, they hadn't processed everything that was left over the weekend, and told me to call back the following day. My husbands mom, sister, and aunt also forgot all the clothes hanging in the closet, which included what they wore to our wedding, and lost and found didn't have those items or my kids shoes - so that was kind of disappointing to lose all those items. Oh yeah, we also got a pizza from pop up pizza, and it was really good. My husband wanted to order another one for the road before we left, lol. Also, we went to exposed salon (already reviewed them on yelp) and got our hair and make up done prior to the wedding, and I would recommend those girls to everyone, they did a fantastic job. I decided to go with 4 stars, the plaza really did a great job, and though I would never book a group there again, my husband and I may consider a stay there in the future
1	Stayed in this hotel last minute through a hotel-booking website. The hotel was in the middle of renovations; all of the amenities and aesthetics were pleasing to the eye. However upon entering into our room for the first time after checking in plenty of hours before, it was like a scene from Inception; Leonardo Dicaprio discovering his dismantled hotel room in bewilderment. Apparently the housekeeping department forgot to clean up the room.We tried not to sweat it. So we called the front desk to have someone come and bring new linens. Given that it was 2am, the guy said someone will be there in 15 to help us. We gave them 20-30 minutes then so we decided to call housekeeping directly. Instead of ripping someone a new a**hole at 2am, I decided to share my review.I gave them 1 star for the nice lady that came and helped change the sheets and pillow cases for us, as well as providing plenty of towels/complimentary soap. The most they did was give a sincere apology during our check-out. It seems like a hit or miss. It's too bad that happened because I believe we would have considered returning. Hash-House breakfast made up for it.
1	got a great deal through hotwire.com.  hotel is nice, rooms okay.  -issue:  the hotel charged unauthorized amounts to my credit card everyday of my vacation!  and yes, i paid the $67.80 for the $10/day resort fee.   i had to call the front desk everyday to have them clear it!  they kept saying it was a computer glitch.  yeah right.  and no, i did not order any movies, room service, nothing.  scam.  first charge was $.01, then $25.00, $67.00, then $58.00 then $167.80!!!  wtf?!!!-i wouldn't stay there again even if the rooms are cheap. too much hassle and worry and bad business practice to charge a customer's credit card hoping they won't notice!!!
3	Stayed for 3 nights this past weekend and enjoyed it for the most part. Rooms are LARGE and comfy. Bathrooms are small but clean. In fact, the whole place was very clean. We did have some issues with the service which is why I only give it 3 stars. The bell hop and valet people were GREAT! However, the manager didn't really respond to our complaints about the slow-draining sink and tub on the 9th floor. And we had to call to have our iron replaced twice, but they finally gave us one that worked. It took two requests to get extra towels. Casino was fun and sooooo close to Fremont and wedding chapels/courthouse (which is why we were there to begin with). Overall a pretty good experience worth the $45/night we paid.
3	Went to Vegas for my daughters wedding on Nov. 3, 2012. Decided to stay at Plaza where we were married 24 years ago.  The room was redone which was nice. The bed pillows were like rocks and not standard size (even though the bed was a Queen) and the bathroom was tiny and not vented very well and there was no full length mirror.  I asked for a quiet room as I just had open heart surgery......they put me on the 10th flr. and the room accross from mine had kids in it, who were left alone and screamed for hours. When I complained the girl at the front desk never said one word in reply.  The people next door came back late.....with kids....and took forever to settle down.What I really don't like is the way they bill. They added a $10 charge each day for  amenities I never used and a $50 per might security charge which was not mentioned when booking the room.  DON'T use a DBEIT CARD. All this has done is scewred up my bank account and, I left on Sunday the 4th and they STILL haven't charged my account. Now my money is frozen. The bill shows resort chrges for 3 days, I was there 2, and I still can't figure out the tax rate. None of the charges are really clear.  SO BEWARE. The ONE GOOD THING was the HASH HOUSE A GO GO. OMG. I had the basic breakfast with ham and my husband had the Meatloaf hash. It was SOOOOO good. The only complaint I have is, they kept people waiting but when we entered, we saw MANY empty booths available. What was up with that?
1	I give this 1 star because it's cheap and decent. It's a great location for downtown, steps away from Fremont. The room was updated and attractive (minus the bathroom, which was pathetic). Although, the TV signal was shaky the whole time we were there and the front desk couldn't have cared less. There are a couple good, trendy dining options. The bingo is fun. But the hotel as a whole is definitely on the low rent side. The elevators are creaky and old, the casino/lobby decor is dark and dingy, and the TV/sports area is depressing. And good luck finding a waitress.The $12 (+tax!) "resort" fee is ridiculous though and will make me never stay here again. Real smooth to let people know as they're checking in and signing their credit card receipt. Just raise the room rates, don't pull this underhanded stuff with people. It makes you look greedy and bad.
4	I like the remodel
3	Still under renovation but it's getting there.  It doesn't seem to attract much people anymore but I'm sure people will eventually revisit this iconic hotel and casino.
5	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Plaza Hotel & Casino last month on a weekend trip to Vegas and had a great time during our stay. We were looking for a place that was a great value but also was in a good/fun location and the Plaza met/exceeded both of our expectations. The look/renovation of the hotel looked great, the room was large and comfortable (only complaint was that I didn't like the pillows - they were a little stiff for my liking), the staff were helpful and friendly and our check-in was a breeze, we liked the food options (especially Hash House a Go Go), and the hotel was just steps away from Fremont Street. Most people only talk about the Strip in Vegas, but Fremont Street is a hidden gem and was a complete blast! It's full of bars, casinos, street entertainers, music, and an overall fun atmosphere. There's even a zipline above the street that my boyfriend and I did. Overall - the trip was great and was made perfect by Plaza. Highly recommend it!
3	Heard lots of good things about the renovated Plaza, so we decided to stay here on my birthday weekend.Pros: *Rooms were fairly nice, AC/heater worked well*Front desk people were nice and helpful*Nice TVs in the rooms*Food court in casino, and a few restaurantsCons:*We called room service for blankets and never received any*Drinks in the bars are WEAK so beware*Elevators are a little terrifyingAll in all, not a bad hotel, just don't expect anything super fancy or special treatment
2	The pictures on the internet all doctored up and nice looking really had us fooled!As soon as we walked in we knew this place would be way more ghetto than the pictures.  Smelled gross.  Other people staying in the hotel were pretty ghetto as well.  Reservations screwed up when we checked in resulting in us having to wait awhile.  Room wasn't too bad and the king size bed was nice.  Having to walk half a block to get to the parking lot was a pain.  Having the hotel connected to what I believe was a bus station led to lots of fun interactions with bums and vagrants!I thought the in hotel restaraunt was going to blow but it was actually the best part!MEHHHHHHHH you get what you pay for i guess
4	The Plaza is now my new 'go-to' place to stay whenever I'm visiting Las Vegas. The downtown location makes it convenient to cruise on the Fremont Street Experience & hop around to all the different hotel/casino's nearby. I personally prefer staying downtown than on the strip because I don't like the traffic & the crowded feeling, so if you're like me-you won't mind a place like the plaza. The rooms have all been renovated and the beds are comfortable. Most people will probably be claustrophobic in the bathroom since it is rather small-but it's manageable because its not like you're in Vegas to spend all your time on the throne. New flat screen tv's & spacious rooms-especially if you get the room with a king size bed. There are also LOTS of yummy places to eat at (ie. Hash House A Go Go, Island Sushi & Hawaiian Grill, Oscars, Pop Up Pizza, Zaba's, Subway, McDonalds) that are conveniently located throughout the hotel. Make sure you sign up for the players club & you will also get great email offers. I've been fortunate enough to receive two offers for 4 free nights & you better believe I used them.
4	I came here for a weekend event with a big group of friends.  I've never stayed downtown so I was a bit skeptical at first.  They have remodeled the hotel and for the price (I think it was around $40) it was a very good bargain.  The room was nice and comfy and I had a nice view of the pool.The event room where we had our dances was very spacious and very accommodating for our group.  As a matter of fact my group is coming here for a week long event this year because everyone was so happy.  They don't have a lot of restaurants to choose from but you're right on the corner of Freemont street with ton of options.  They do have Hash a Go Go and I really enjoyed dining there!  The only negative that I can think of is that they don't have a jacuzzi.  The pool is really nice but they definitely need to add a jacuzzi.  It never even occurred to me that a Las Vegas casino wouldn't have one.  Come on guys...you spent all the money remodeling and didn't put in a jacuzzi! The casino was nice and clean.  But my luck wasn't any better here than at any of the casinos on the strip.  I'm looking forward to my stay here this year and exploring Freemont street even more.
4	LOVE this place! Super fun, right at the edge of Fremont. We had a great view. The room was very clean.Only a couple complaints:  -suuuuper long front desk line -repetitive music at the pool (you can only hear We Found Love about 6 times before it starts getting ridiculous)-no shade at the poolOther than that, we will be staying there again.
5	Stayed their for 2 nights jan 6&7th. Room was only $15 a night with $20 resort fee. Definitely worth it. We went for my friends bachelor party, never stayed at Fremont street and rarely visit it when I do visit vegas but I can get into fremont was pleasantly surprised with what's available . And as far as hotel I will be recommending and wouldn't mind staying their on future visits . The place looked remodeled and the rooms are more worth than what we payed its nice inside and everyone was courteous. Clean and calm atmosphere probably because we were there during the slow season. Had fun gambling because the tables weren't crowded so easier to get into a game. $2 dos Equis made us happy as well and a McDonald's too when we get those late night beer munchies. Just a memorable stay we all had no complaints.
4	Stayed at the Plaza for COMDEX 2013. it was very convenient to the bus for travel to and from the convention. (parking was 20 a day) so that really makes it nice. The hotel room was very roomy, and clean. The central elevators make it a short walk to you room which is a real pleasure. The location on the end of Fremont Street make for a short walk (across the street) to get to lots of different casinos and entertainment, with out mile long treks. This is a good location with helpful staff and easy ingress and egress!  I recommend it.
3	First thing I noticed was the foul stench of cigarette smoke from the dilapidated parking lot my friends entered in. To be honest, foul is an understatement. It was overbearing. Considering I'm not a native to Nevada, I am unfamiliar with the laws of smoking in casinos. Regardless, this struck a nerve with me. I don't want anyone's lung cancer, and nor does my daughter. The hotel room itself was actually pretty nice. We stayed in the South tower, I believe. It was spacious, pretty well maintained (save for the carpet coming up near the bathroom tile). However, the dresser holding the television was very dusty behind the wall and it was hard not to look since the dresser was four inches away from the wall. Employees were very nice, though. Always smiling. I enjoy an employee willing to do their job. Would I stay here again? Maybe. If the deal is right.
3	I got a great deal through I4Vegas.com.  $37 for a Saturday night!  Plus unlike other Fremont Street hotels, like Vegas Club, I am comfortable walking barefoot in these rooms.  A lot had been made of their facelift courtesy of the never will be finished Fountainbleau and it looks way better than before.  The lobby waiting area is nice (should have a bartender there) and the rooms were fine.  My only gripes were water pressure and the smelly shower curtain.  I also received a coupon book upon check-in with a bunch of fun deals for all the restaurants (Hash House A Go Go, Pop Up Pizza, Island Sushi, the cupcake place, food court), matchplay on blackjack and roulette (lost both), and their shows. The casino is aesthetically pleasing but I definitely miss the Omaha Lounge.  There were some awesome bands that used to play there.  I also have some great memories of the poker room which is no more. I wouldn't pay more than $60 for a room here tops but you could definitely do worse than this.
3	We got a great deal on several rooms for a family reunion and birthday celegration a couple of weeks ago.  There were a total of 24 of us taking up about 10 rooms.  We stayed three nights and it was a good deal for the money.  We had kids in the group so the fast food places near the lobby were necessary - Subway, McDonalds and a great Mexican place.  There was also a small coffee shop/deli and a great Hash House a GO GO in the lobby area, we didn't get to a cupcake shop hidden away in a corner.  Also didn't go to Steak House there.  Rooms were recently upgraded but they left something to be desired with lack of mirrors, few electrical outlets and strange dingy dresser/desk furniture that did not fit the wall configuration, therefore was pulled about 8" out from the walls.  Pillows uncomfortable - hard.  I recommend North Tower if you want to be near lobby, otherwise South Tower requires walking across casino.  South Tower had serious elevator problems causing serious problems on our last day.  Parking garage a little creepy and dingy - don't go there alone.  The pros were that we were right at the Fremont St Experience, and having never been there, discovered it was wonderful.  All kinds of funny people, performers, wackos, music, and hourly (loud) light shows after dark.  The show changes each hour with different themes, so don't think you have seen it all with just one show.  If you do not have a car you can catch the Deuce Bus at the opposite end of Fremont St which will take you to the Strip, Stratosphere and other locations.  It is not a fast bus so take a cab if you are in a hurry.  You can buy an all-day hop-on, hop-off ticket for the bus.The new 3 story Mob Museum is very nearby (walking distance) and it gets 5 stars from us.  Excellent use of historical building with many photos, videos, mementos and mob history items.Would I return to this place?  Most likely yes, due to great bargain rates, and for us, the pros outweighed the cons.
2	have not stayed at the hotel.  so this is for the casino ONLY.  they remodeled it recently...so that is a plus.  but the layout of the casino is rather atrophy.  zigzag and NOT loose slots.  basically, you don't feel comfortable gambling.  i would not stay here just for the fact that the casino is not good.  so that alone should tell you something.  they do have a Hash Hash on site, but i don't really like that place anyway...so whatever!
3	Stayed here for 4 nights for a work trip in the north tower. My room is nicely renovated and it feels clean. The bed is pretty comfortable but I had to ask for additional pillows. They dont provide toothpaste and the shampoo provided is ok, i would recommend bringing your own. My room was very close to the elevator and you can hear it going all night.The room service menu is a joke, not a lot of variety at all. Its also not available 24/7.The restaurants downstairs are ok. The sushi place isn't worth the money. The Mexican place is good. The service here is good and everyone is pretty friendly. I would come back for a work trip, but not for a vacation.
3	I stayed at the Plaza for two nights (Thursday and Friday) recently. Overall, it was a good stay. Rating a hotel and casino is tricky, as there are so many components to a stay, so I'll break them down.Hotel - 3 stars: The basic rooms are newly renovated and clean but small and low frills. Beds were comfortable, but the room had few amenities. There was a lack of power outlets in the room, making using a laptop and charging cell phones difficult. Casino - 1star: I'd never seen a sadder Vegas casino than The Plaza on the Thursday night I arrived. At midnight, there were maybe 10 people there overall. And, as a poker player, the lack of a poker room was a big negative for me. But also, when I was eating at the pizza stand at the end of the casino, a belt sander was blaring where they are doing construction in the sports book. It was bizarre. Thankfully, the Golden Nugget is within walking distance.Restaurant selection: 4 stars: Outside of the McDonald's and Subway, the restaurants are a nice mix of locally-owned establishments with strong reputations. I'm more likely to come back here again as a dining stop than as a gambling destination.That averages to a 2 2/3rds stars, and I'll bump them up to three for generally polite and efficient service, and for having a great location in Downtown Vegas. But for a little more, I think you can do a lot better in the Fremont St. area.
4	Right at the end of Fremont Street in the location of the original train stop where Las Vegas began The Plaza rests. How cool is that? This is the spot where the original train car station sat. I enjoyed my stay here while we were filming for two weeks around Las Vegas. The outer building looks as it originally did, but the rooms have been freshly re-done and my room was very nice. The restaurants in the casino area are plentiful and inexpensive with the standout being the Hawaiian/Sushi place being a standout. The taco stand had two street tacos and a beer for $3.99 and they were fresh and good. Be forewarned. The Hash House portions are enough for three people so plan accordingly. All in all, I liked it here and being able to walk across Main Street to Fremont with its bars, restaurants, hotels and zip lines is very convenient. Would I stay here again? Of course. The Plaza is a fun place in old Las Vegas with reasonable food prices and a convenient historical location.
3	Casino Only Review:3 Stars for the Service: Super Friendly Staff.  2 Stars for the location, its downtown next to the bus depot. There are also any number of creepy crack heads that hang out outside the hotel asking for change. The casino layout is also unusual. Table games should be placed better. It seems to be nearly identical in design in terms of decor to the Rivera, except better maintained and smaller.  The freak show that is the Fremont Street Experience is literally across the street~~
1	Staying at this hotel is a major gamble...We checked in Friday 2/15/13 at midnight.  Stood in a 15 minute line to get checked in.  Drove around the building to valet parking.  There appeared to be one person working so we decided it would be faster to park in self parking.  We found a spot on the top of the ramp, level 5. Unfortunately, the parking garage elevator was broken so we had to roll our baggage down all the stairs to get back to the lobby, than take a different elevator to get to our room on the 9th floor of the south tower.  Those pictures the Plaza uses on their website of cute green throw pillows and spreads do not really exist.  I was told by front desk staff those are just for Internet pictures.  Good to know.  So your room will be bare minimum basic with no decorator frills even if paying $98 or more a night.  We left the room early Saturday morning for a 5K run. Before leaving we noticed that the sink was not draining.  We really didnt have time to do anything about it so we made a note to talk to the front desk later.  Upon returning to the hotel around 12:30 we saw the maid had come but had only made one of the beds.  Apparently, if you leave ANYTHING on the beds the maids are not allowed to touch the bed. Since we just did a run we decided to shower.  Gross!!! Not only is the actual bathroom unit only a teeny bit bigger than a public restroom stall, the water in the tub did not drain either! This means you are standing in the soapy water up past your ankles while you are showering!!! Meanwhile, my son sits at the tar in the room and the leg falls off.  It was only supported by three legs as it was so it really needed that leg.  Goodbye drinks on the table, hello mess.  Did I mention by this point the towel rid in the dunk area has fallen on my foot twice?Calling the front desk to talk to a manager got me to Mitchell who I "accidentally" got disconnected from 4 times.  On my 5th call down he did not even answer any longer.  An operator named Shamane did.  She said she would have to leave a message for a manager as they were all too busy to speak to me.  An hour plus into trying to get ahold of someone brings me to a conversation with a hotel manager named Kim.  By this time engineering has been sent to our room to fix the table and the plumbing.  Table is fixed, tub is draining better but if you leave the sink on for too long you're going to be staring at your toothpaste floating around in the basin. Kim says she is busy and having a bad day herself so she is glad our problems are fixed and she'll give us $30 off our room.  End of conversation.  She says she doesn't think there is anything wrong with the garage elevator because nobody has told her anything about it.  End of conversation.  I decided to let it go and took a nap.  Upon waking up in the late afternoon, my friend that was traveling with us said she really thought this room is gross and is not happy with the plumbing issues we were still having.  On our way out to dinner we stopped by to speak to a new manager, Rosa, who at least was kind and caring and took 10 minutes out of her schedule to listen to us.  We really wanted a new room with working plumbing, but Rosa said they were completely booked and could not switch us to a different room.  She did give us another $30 off our stay which was nice.  If you're staying here at a $29 rate and you don't have much reason to be in the room much (we had kids with us) than this place is a great find.  If you are going to stay at the higher $89+ rate, there are WAY better places to stay for not that much more money.
1	I haven't been here in about a year, prior to this experience. I understand the desire to not have people using their parking garage and not gambling there. But they now require $5 up front and promise to reimburse you inside. I go inside, play then go to validate... They say I have to get it stamped while I am actually playing a machine. So I find the one change person who is working and bring her to my machine. Show her I am playing and she says "I need to go verify your play". Writes down the machine's number and 15 minutes goes by. I have to go find her, she's talking with another person and says that their system went down so I have to wait until they can get it rebooted. I wait for their ancient windows xp computer to restart and then they finalky stamp it. This is crazy and I will play and park elsewhere.
4	We enjoyed our stay here. Stayed on a Friday night and Saturday night. The hotel is nice, nothing great but def nice! The casino was dead the entire two nights we were there. But its super close to Fremont Street Experience and we had a great view of it from our room. The have a McDonalds and subway in the hotel which were amazing when we were drunk and hungry before bed. The also have Hash House a Go Go, which is amazing. You may have a wait but totally worth it. Over all, this was a good time! The most annoying part was how strict they were about showing your key card before heading upstairs.
3	The Plaza.  The Newly-Renovated Plaza, which is orders of magnitude better than the old Plaza.  The good:* The rooms are nice and spacious.  They apparently bought all of the furniture from a LV hotel project that went bankrupt, so it's really classy and nice.   * The bathrooms are very small, but clean and tastefully done.  * I had a great view of Fremont Street.The bad:  * Resort fee.  Really?  A freaking resort fee?  C'mon, man.  Just add that into the price of the room, already.  This ain't the Wynn.* The AC unit is so freaking loud I couldn't talk to my wife across the room without shouting.* The safe was busted.  Didn't work.  Think the battery was dead.  Didn't bother to fix it because we were only there one night.* Security out in the front driveway was rude.  There's a difference between:  "Sir, can you please move your car up towards the end of the driveway so we can keep this area clear" and "Hey.  You can't park there.  Move your car up over there."  * There weren't enough outlets.  I've got a laptop and a couple of cell chargers.  At least have one plug available somewhere.* There was no towel rack in the bathroom or soap dish in the shower.  They didn't give you any little shampoo bottles or anything like that either.* Why would you go through all of the trouble to renovate your rooms and then leave the busted-ass, dented, crappy, no-finish-left-on-them door handles that have been there since 1930?The ugly:  * The parking garage elevators look like they came straight from some bombed-out building in Iraq.  A couple coats of paint to get rid of the graffiti in the parking garage wouldn't hurt either.* The hallways were dark and smelled of stale Rolling Rock and skunk.  Pipe some freaking air freshener in there already.  Ugh.This is my second time staying at the Plaza since they renovated.  The service sucked ass the first time, and they don't seem to have improved much.  The rooms are better than average for Fremont, but there are still better places to stay.  I'd stay at the Plaza again, but it's definitely not my first choice.  Or my second.
3	Very very Long wait to check in. Parking somewhat inconvenient and dirty. Plenty of places to eat on the bottom floor.
3	They did a great job with the re-model. The rooms are very nice! Hopefully they stay that way!!
4	What is a basic hotel room? Some people seem to think it's a bump up from their own bedrooms at home? (More than likely most people don't keep their rooms in a calming and minimalist look).Or some people tend to expect a whole lot for a grand or hip room for under $50 a night at a downtown Las Vegas hotel. I'm pretty sure most people will not have a room at home designed like the one at the fairly renovated Plaza Hotel. It has thought, retro and concept based on it's golden days of Casino Las Vegas when it was in downtown. To start, the hotel is in downtown, expected, okay, check in fine, lobby busy, what hotel in Vegas isn't with people and design layout. I can deal with it. Now, the room not bad, if anything, a bump for a room rate I received for a week night stay, no coffee maker in bathroom a big plus. The bed is comfortable, good size, the rest of the room has a good sitting area, flat screen TV, nice ergo desk to work with and pretty quiet. Views not the best, but overall the room is very hip, retro with a picture in black and white photo of old Plaza Hotel. Homage to it's past. So, the question what is a basic room? As far as I'm concerned this room does very well with more than a basic need in a guest room, not to add the housekeepers are attentive and friendly. If you want to pay for better hotel signage and landscape, go to the strip and pay the pretty penny. Don't forget, your paying for the company you keep, meaning, the hotel staff will make you feel at home if your in a great frame of mind. Personally I scored!  Check it out, you'll be pleasantly surprised!
4	Rates for a one night stay (Sunday). Nice cheap rate via Expedia like $33.. Couldn't get hotel own website to give one night option. There is a $10 resort fee on top. Parking garage scary and a long walk.  Self park for $5 and they reimburse at checkin if you dont want to valet. Nice fast checkin. Hallways in North tower smell skunky. Room a pleasant surprise. Modern furnishings and TV, room safe.  Spacious for a base room altho toilet/tub area is tiny but there is a door between those and sink). You pay more if you want a refrigerator. No inroom coffee. Ice station convenient.Got the view away from Fremont and an end room, pretty quiet (doors rattle when others nearby use theirs). Walls are thin but had a good neighbor. Negatives, as others mention limited outlets and only a thin cheap blanket, pillows not the best. A/c noisy but not right next to bed. Limited clothing hang space but lots if dresser drawers and counter space in room. Carpet has a small tear at bathroom threshold, long hair in tub, a few carpet stains but doesn't feel grungy and no smoke smell inside room. Went to breakfast at Main Street Station Garden Ct. Recommended. They have a McD and Krispy Kreme onsite, tho.
3	The newly remodeled Plaza is an OK spot to stay when at DTLV. The only thing that is whack is that they charge a resort fee of $10 per person. Are u kidding me a resort fee.... Also, in tbe standard rooms tbe restrooms are TINY!  Other than that the rooms are inexpensive and clean. I'd stay here again.
3	What a surprise...When my love booked us a trip to Las Vegas and told me that we would be staying at The Plaza downtown, I was doomsday prepping with Visine, and Air Wick because I was under the impression that I would be walking into the abyss of the elderly and cigarette smoke. On the contrary, this hotel and casino is newly remodeled with excellent ventilation to the point of smelling fresh.  The hotel rooms were new, nice, and clean, and the "non-smoking" actually smelt like non-smoking.  I love staying downtown because the stay provides a different experience than the strip with some great gambling.  Customer service: I can actually say that I got some good and plenty service here.   I must finger shake the cleaning staff for NOT cleaning our room when calling in a request for an evening clean after missing the daily clean.  Pool: Do what we did and pay to hit the Big Strip Casino Pools because this pool is a dud! If you're paying less for the room, $20 per person for a pool at Mandalay Bay or Caesar's Palace is really quite worth the money.  Considering cab $$, and for your desire to stay downtown, the Golden Nugget has a great pool also.The problem with staying in downtown Las Vegas is the hotel stay.  For affordable hotel stay and the anti-choke experience, I recommend staying at The Plaza.  The customer service was good, the price is cheap, and I can truly see and breathe within this casino.  Kudos to The Plaza for their downtown Las Vegas experience, which is something every Las Vegas fan must do!
2	I ran into a few snags prior to check in I made a special request on their website to be placed on a certain level come to find out they dont even look at the request until check in time which is after the fact, I called them about 6-7 hours prior to check in to speak to the front desk and was advised the closest level would be the 9th floor, I requested to speak to a live mgr was put on hold then trsfrd to their voice mail, I was not accepting that, so after SEVERAL attempts the front desk person finally got me on the floor I requested. After that dilemma we checked in and the room was ok minus the stained shower curtain one roll of toilet paper.. When they cleaned the room they used the same bed sheets the only reason I knew was my little girl ate pink cupcakes and stained it so what they did was flip the sheets over, left all the trash on the desk tables which I was really surprised. I could of stayed there on Sunday but decided to go to the Golden Nugget OOOO what a big difference.... I think the only thing I liked about the plaza was the Hash House, cupcakes and the convenient escalator to the 3rd floor.P.S didnt like that we had to pay the $10.00 resort fee
2	When we first checked in we got a standard room and I had to call and complain. The water in the sink smelled strongly of sulphur. The room itself smelled like heavy perfume. Someone punched a hole in the bathroom door. There was a lot of paint rubbed off throughout the room. My biggest issue was all the smells. We called and they quickly "upgraded us" to a "view room". This room was just as shabby with all the rubbed off paint, but at least it didn't smell as bad so we didn't complain. I don't know if all the rooms are this bad or if it's just the South Tower or the corner of the hotel we were in, but omg the sound of the wind was unbelievable. We could hear the wind from down the hall and it sounded like our window was open or broken but neither was the case. The sound of the wind in that room was loud enough to wake us up intermittently. In addition, the A/C was incredibly loud as well. Together with the wind noise it was out of control.I would pay more and stay elsewhere, the newer tower of the Golden Nugget was far nicer than even the "view room" here.
4	very cheap for sunday, expedia @$26.   the renovation is nice with modern rooms.  but there is no vent in bathroom.  i had to shower with the bathroom door open. i'm probably the only person in vegas to actually go to the gym when waking up, but i did.  it was a weird gym though. very small and so far from the hotel rooms.  it is in the part of the hotel that has not been renovated.  it's over past the bingo room and looks like its stuffed into an old office and has never been cleaned...ever.  only 3 out of 6 machines actually turned on.  i guess  vegas isn't meant to go to the gym anyways. but, great location and great price.  i think the old check-in lobby is up the escalator. there's a salon up there too but those prices are outrageous.  i would definitely stay here again. conveniently and cheap, and super retro yet modern clean.
4	Not the best or the worst hotel I've ever stayed in, but definitely got one hell of a good deal for 4 nights for Punk Rock Bowling during Memorial Day weekend! $169 for 4 nights during a Holiday weekend! I feel bad for all the regular folks that decided to stay at the Plaza during Punk Rock Bowling haha. So many tattooed crazy ass punk rockers with studs, mohawks, spikes, boots, etc. drunkenly wandering all over downtown Vegas.  The room was dirty because of us lol I do not blame the hotel or their staff at all! They always delivered towels and toilet paper when we asked for it which was pretty often lol. The room was pretty big and definitely clean, but the restroom was so so small.I feel like the space between the door and the toilet is definitely not enough but eh you'll live. Also that sink and counter space is not enough for 5 girls trying to get ready! I do wish the room had a couch for your extra drunk friend that needs to crash when the beds are full lol. They have a seat but a couch would be better for sure. The TVs are nice, the beds are decent, but the pillows suck. We had a room at the end of the hall so we used to the fire escape as our personal balcony and had an awesome of downtown the whole weekend. :-) Oh yea and the pool is pretty nice too! Punk rock Bowling definitely had some awesome pool parties all weekend. For everyone complaining about the Plaza, you did choose to stay in Downtown, what were you really expecting? lol. For Downtown and the price this place is great, I would definitely stay here again.
2	This review is based on our experience with a comedy show in the Plaza showroom. We purchased tickets online and were instructed to pick them up at Will Call. A word to the wise: Will Call is located at the concierge desk, which is next to the front desk, a brisk walk away from the showroom. This may have been the case for this show only, but our tickets were not actually at Will Call; they were being held, along with everyone else's at the door to the showroom. It took a lot of walking and being misdirected, but we eventually got into the venue.Another word to the wise: this place is teeny tiny. Maybe 250-300 people max. The seating is arranged almost exactly like the South Point showroom: the front area has long tables radiating out from the stage, while the back section has round booths. It seems like this is the go-to arrangement for a venue with a semi-circle stage, but all it gives the audience is a bad viewing angle and a sore neck. There is nothing special about the venue itself. Typical Vegas, with a gold ceiling, giant chandeliers and red velvet booths. On this occasion, it seems like the show was vastly oversold, leading the ushers to pull chairs from wherever they could and seat people in the aisles. Kind of a bummer. A tip: there is drink service within the venue, but it's by waitress, so it can be slow and the waitress (just the one, mind you) covered maybe half the venue. While it is "technically" against the rules, there doesn't seem to be any restriction on bringing drinks from the casino bar into the showroom. While I don't know how much of our experience was due to an outside company running the show itself, the experience was meh.
4	We stayed here this past weekend & I was pleasantly surprised.Getting to the hotel was not easy as we were driving into the sun. UGH but that is no fault of The Plaza. lol. The valet service leaves much to be desired. But the check-in / front desk staff was helpful and kind. Our room was actually quite nice. Everything worked and the room was clean. We had a non-smoking room and it did not even have a trace of cig smoke. Nice.I really enjoyed our stay in downtown LV. The atmosphere is fun and laid back. Lots of music and lights and freaks. Not recommended for kids. It is definitely an adult playground. Cant wait to go back.
3	The Plaza Hotel and Casino has really come a long way in the past year or so.  Yeah for revamping fabulous Downtown!The rooms have all been remodeled and look much nicer than a few years back.  They are also a great deal at about $50 a night for a suite.  It isn't the Four Seasons, but it is nice for what it is.The casino has added a lot of new restaurants like Oscar's (my fave), Hash House A-go-go, and some small cafes. The food scene has really improved and is quite tasty now.The casino floor has also been updated with some fun new machines.  I have seen a lot of machines that are on the Strip and are just fun to play, when I ever have gambling $$$$!So if you are in the area or haven't been to the Plaza in a while, go check it out!
5	I've been to dozens of Vegas hotels and this one is among the tops in Value.  You can often get rooms for 25-50 a nite.The place has been totally rehabbed and is very retro cool. The Hash House restaurant is a knock out. And the new Oscar's steak house is Old Vegas reborn. If u don't "get" this place, go stay at the Excalibur!
2	The Plaza is a poor example of what could have been a great place to stay.  I changed rooms 3 times to try and get a room that was slightly less noisy, but was never successful.  Their elevators and general maintenance of the facilities are very poor - it was nearly impossible to sleep with the constant noise of machinery going all night long (very thin walls + elevator counterweights that are constantly hitting the rails = LOTS of noise).  The bathrooms and sink areas were freakishly small and difficult to navigate.  You can just feel they were trying to stuff as many people in the rooms as possible, regardless of comfort.  They are also woefully understaffed - I sat on hold, multiple nights, for more than 15 min just to try and schedule a wake-up call.   I'm giving it an additional star (rather than just 1), because the dealers on the casino side were very friendly and engaging and the food selection was quite nice (from the $100+ per-person steakhouse to a 24-hour subway).  I would recommend looking at some of the other hotel/casinos before selecting the Plaza.
4	I love the Plaza.  I loved it before the renovations and I love it even more now.  I stayed here five years ago and got on their mailing list, so they are always sending me offers.  This one was $25 per night (Sun-Thurs) including a $25 meal voucher which we used at the amazing Pop Up Pizza in the casino.  You simply cannot beat the prices!!The parking lot is very sketchy, and the elevators from the parking lot to the casino are filthy and smell like smoke.  You have to walk clear across the casino with your baggage to check in (staff is super friendly) and then back to different elevators near the first set to get to your hotel room in the South tower.  Bit of a PITA.  GORGEOUS rooms, though.  I'm very very very impressed for $25.  The non smoking room has no trace of smell, but the casino floor and elevators are smokey and smell like strong cleaner.  Very few blankets and towels, but with 100 deg outdoor temps, you don't need blankets.  LOL
2	I almost never leave reviews but I felt I needed to in this case. I'm usually not hard on hotel staff because I've worked in hotels and in customer service for many years but I have to say this place was Terrible! The rooms were actually nice. You could tell they were recently updated and they had a clean feel to them. Not very convenient though. There were no spare wall plugs so if you want to charge your phone you'll have to sacrifice a light. Also, there was no fridge in the room...so if you eat at Hash House in the lobby, which I will recommend, you better be able to eat it all! Check in on Friday night took about 30 minutes. There were 4 people at the desk but only two were handling check ins, the line was almost to the casino. Our room was right next to the elevators so like "Anthony L." said we heard "banging", a little creepy, all night long. The elevators sound like they're going to break at any moment. The first night we got back to our room after walking around the strip we heard what we thought was the shower running in our bathroom.  However, when we investigated further we noticed that there was a shower of water coming from the vent/ceiling above the tub! We called the front desk and they had a maintenance guy up within 10 minutes. He went to the room on the floor above us and found that it was the bathtub overflowing that was causing the leak. He assured us that it was safe and nothing to worry about. Still creeped/grossed out we called the front desk and asked if we could be moved to another room. He informed us that they were completely booked and there was nothing they could do. He said he would send someone up to clean the room but no one ever came. The next day we got back to our room around 11:30pm and decided to watch a movie, however we couldn't access the video on demand screen so again we called the front desk. After about 5 minutes of trouble shooting and two phone calls they sent the maintenance guy up. He basically just came up to say there was nothing he could do to fix the TV and that that was the front desk's responsibility.  The front desk informed me that there was again, nothing they could do and said "I guess you'll just have to watch TV." No apology, no comps, just have a nice night basically.
2	Aesthetically speaking, the hotel is pretty cool.  A bit of swank in the lobby with the new furniture; the casino is all right, but certainly not the fanciest in the world.  The rooms are, for the most part, well-appointed and comfortable.  We had a 24th floor view room in the south tower and it suited us just fine.That's about where my praise ends.  I mean, unless you want to talk about the restaurants, but that's not what we're here to discuss.First things first - the check-in line.  It was long, but it was around 2-3pm so I had kind of expected it.  They had about four people working the desk, so that was acceptable.  What threw me off was the attitude of the woman checking me in.  It wasn't rude, but it wasn't very friendly, if you catch my drift.  It was like, "I'm here.  I showed up for work today.  That's about all you get."  There was no, "Welcome to the Plaza" or other simple pleasantries.  I didn't expect over the top exuberance and enthusiasm, but I didn't expect Eeyore to be checking me in either.My room was booked as a 1 King Bed View Room.  As she checked us in, she asked me, "Two beds is fine, right?"  Um.  No.  I know that bedding isn't guaranteed at many places and sometimes, depending on when you check in, there just aren't king rooms available anymore.  That didn't seem to be the case, though - she just was going to place us arbitrarily into a room with two queens.  I told her that I'd prefer a room with one king, expecting her to tell me if there was one available...instead, I was met with no response.  I ended up getting a king room, so it's not like they were unavailable.  I don't understand why she wanted to just put us in the two bed room.My room was pre-paid through an online travel agency, but I knew that there was a $10 daily resort fee.  Complain if you will, but this is pretty much a Vegas standard...and $10 a day is WAY cheaper than what you'd pay at a Strip hotel.  However, not ONCE did the girl mention the charge.  Not ONCE did she mention the $50 deposit...not until she announced, "Okay, that'll be a total of $83."  I must've looked at her funny because that's when she mentioned that $50 of it was a deposit that would be refunded when I checked out.  Again, though, not ONCE was I ever informed of the resort fee, so it's a good thing I already knew about it.And then?  My card was authorized for $96.  It reconciled two days later to the appropriate amount, but why the increase?  I've only seen that happen at restaurants where a tip may be included.  *shrugs*When my room keycard quit working, I received the same kind of lackluster, "I came in to work today, what more do you want?" attitude towards service.  I wasn't listened to - for example I mentioned that my husband's card WAS working, but she insisted that must be the battery on the doorlock that was running low.  When my players' club card did the same thing, it was the same thing.  Also, the player's club had a new member promotion - on the second day of play, you'd be credited with 50% of your losses from the first day.  Same thing on the third day.  So, when I went on the second day to the player's club desk to get my card fixed, I asked if I had any credit on my card - since the way it was explained to me, the amount would just be added to my card.  Not so much.  The woman pulled up my account, sighed heavily and then said, "Well, I can give you five dollars."  She made it feel like a handout, when I was just wanting to know if I had earned anything.  Also was not impressed with some of the things in the room.  First of all, where were the ashtrays?  This was supposed to be a smoking room, but no ashtrays - maybe they were all used up in the non-smoking rooms?  We used one of the plastic cups filled with water and left it out so housekeeping would see and maybe get the hint.  They never did.  No hotel directory, no TV guide, no fridge (but clearly a space where one used to be or should have been), only two towels and no additional pillow or bedding.  We called housekeeping to come pick up some soiled linens and set them outside the door...no one came for at least six hours.  The hair dryer was clearly a wall mounted model like you usually see in hotel rooms...except that it wasn't wall mounted, so it was clunky and ridiculous to use with the wall mount dangling off it while you tried to dry your hair.We used Express Checkout 24 hours ago and I still have not received a copy of my bill, despite providing them my email address and telephone number.My husband used the exercise room and was pleased.  We ate a couple times at the McDonald's on the ground floor and that was all right, good to have 24 hours.  Otherwise, though?  Meh.  If the service were even infinitesimally better, maybe it'd be all right.  It's not, though, and we'll be taking our business to the Golden Nugget or the Four Queens instead.
2	It is with the most humble apology that your culinary God...Sexy Rexy Marvin must begin this review.  The lovely and talent Rex Marvin would love to say that he was in a ashram, hiding out in a Russian airport, living comfortably in the folds of Kirstie Alley's neck or hiding in the beautiful bathroom of Taylor Swift watching her shower for months on end.  Alas, while these are all true...it is not the reason that Rex had abandoned you.  It is traumatic. It is incendiary. It is so shocking that the world must know Rex's story.  The world must tell Rex it will be all right...the same way his nanny, Jerry Sandusky would as a young boy...okay...maybe not that way.  Rex has been a loner. A rebel.  A lover. A fighter. A man. An interior decorator. All these things and more. The women love Rex. Rex loves the ladies...for 3.6 seconds.  The women love Rex again. Rex loves them for 4.5 seconds. The dance continues...for  no longer than 51 hours. A rule. A guideline. A Rex life lesson to all of you. Get out early. Get out early with their cash and electronics! REX COMMANDS YOU! REX COMMANDS YOU SEND ME THOSE ELECTRONICS! Rex must hang his head in shame. Rex...broke the commandments. Rex fell in love. Rex saw her...she looked so perfect roasting that snake under a bridge.  She smiled. Rex smile. She removed her dentures. Rex licked his lips. She gummed what turned out to be an old garden hose. Rex danced giddily in delight. Rex was in love. She said amazing things like Jamie Foxx is the antichrist, rabbit feces is better with blueberry jam not blueberry jelly, rub two sticks on your third toe at the same time while screaming the words to "The Greatest Love of All" and you will live to be 90.  Rex nodded. Rex applauded. Rex asked her name. She uttered the most beautiful words a man could ever hear...Cesarean Section Clara Jingleheimer Schmidt Aloysius Hanks Spielberg Cranston Washington Carver Adams Jefferson Smith. But her friends call her Dirty Doves Delores. Rex asked her if she had doves...she said to Rex...what are doves?  Rex was in love.  The first two weeks were amazing. Rex and "Dovey" as Rex called her were inseparable. The bridge. The dumpster. The bathroom. The county jail. It was like Dovey was a gift from above...like the time Rex stood under Shaq and ate the crumbs that fell out of his mouth while he snacked on a sub.  THAT gift from above. The best gift.  Until...the unforgivable.  Rex just won the 3rd fight in the International Hobo and WB/CW Television "stars" Bum Fight Tournament.  (That Nina Dobrev can take a punch.)  When to Rex's surprise Dovey was making out with...a cement statue of Judd Nelson...and not even from the Breakfast Club years. Oh no!  Rex screamed. Rex yelled. Rex was suddenly hit over the head by Judd and awoke locked in a metal box. Rex lived on what crawled in for 6 months...only to discover...the worst fate of all...the 6 foot metal box was really...the WNBA's feminine hygiene holder!  FYI...very comfortable but disturbingly long.  When Rex finally was freed by a large Ukrainian woman Rex raced back to Las Vegas.  Rex needed a rest.Rex decided to check into The Plaza hotel. It was CHEAP. It had been renovated in the last few years.  It was a port from the storm. Those WNBA chicks might need freakishly long tampons but they tossed Rexy some money so they are good in Rex's book.  Rex was put in one room. The room was nice. It has a king bed, a couch. The amenities were nice. The problem was that Rex had to MOVE THE MATTRESS to find a plug for his "cell phone". (Two tin foil wrapped paper cups.)  That is not good. The switch to turn on and off the lamp was on the opposite side of the bed. So it was oddly placed if you were laying down tired from huffing too much oven cleaner.   Rex went out. Then when he got back there was a BIG bug in the bathroom. He wanted it cleaned...THE MADE REX CHANGE ROOMS...walk all the way to the other tower...where there was NOT a king bed, it was two queens. Rex MUST have a king. Then Rex complained...but he had to complain to some random dude because no one picked up the phone at the desk. Rex had to put everything in his cheese cloth and walk BACK...to the desk...AGAIN...then they put him in a room in the first tower!  3 rooms. 1 night. While there was a renovation the place isn't well thought out. The second room had lots of plugs. The first one didn't. The third had one near the door. The rooms all had some little quarks and oddities...just like Rex's little Dovey.  OH DOVEY WHY JUDD NELSON!! WHY JUDD!!!!  Rex will never touch Dovey again...she was defiled...Rex will not stay at The Plaza again...he was annoyed. An annoyed Rex is a loudly screaming and crying until hotel security broke down the door and throws  him out the back door Rex.(Good to be back LV...Rex has missed you!)
5	A lot of other people wrote bad reviews of the Plaza but my wife and I loved it.  We only get a chance once or twice a year to get away as a couple and as such we don't have a whole lot of money to spend on a lavish resort.  We booked the Plaza on a week night for a mere $35 and did we get out money's worth.  The lady at the desk was friendly and kind.  She was even sure to get us a room facing Fremont street which afforded us a tremendous view of the party.  The room was only a deluxe but it was spacious, very clean, no hint of smoke and obviously renovated recently.  Even the dealers who stole my money at the tables were kind and robbed me with a smile.  My only complaints were the casino was a bit dead as the hotel is at the end of the street and most of the traffic is on Fremont, and the elevators were HOT.  But hey, it's July and many hotels don't have air conditioned elevators anyways.If you are into impressing your friends with stories of the lavish places you have stayed and have something to prove then the Plaza is most likely not for you.  But if you are budget conscious and still love a very nice and clean place to stay, you can't do much better than the Plaza.
3	Slow Check in, but the room was surprisingly nice looking and very clean. The swamp cooler kept it cool enough to sleep, though I would have preferred more control. Killed a huge winged roach in the bathroom, but no issues with the room outside of that. Small closet safe similar to the ones at the Flamingo. Overall, worth the price no doubt.
3	Let's face it - MOST people who vacation to Las Vegas, or travel there for "whatever" reason, do NOT plan on spending a tremendous amount of time in their hotel room.  I was no exception when I stayed here from 7/26-7/29 of 2013.  I knew that I DID NOT want to spend a tremendous amount of money on a room, and I also knew that I wanted to stay near Freemont St.  My usual hotel, the Nugget, was booked, so I had to choose something else - I ended up at the Plaza.  The room I had (room 305) was not perfect - It did have some "issues", but for the money, I thought it was a good value.  Once again, however, I was just looking for a place to lay my head, have a shower, and call "home base" for the weekend.The room was clean and neat, but the air conditioner leaked quite a bit on the carpet.  An initial call to the front desk upon checken yielded NO RESULTS, and no technician ever came to investigate/repair the issue.  The following day, I personally went to the front desk and spoke to Connie (dark skinned receptionist with tight braids in her hair) - She was AWESOME, FRIENDLY, and SUPER-HELPFUL.  A technician came almost immediately.  Although the problem was not totally resolved by the time we checked-out, it was "better", and I was impressed with their concern over this issue, as well as with Connie's customer service.The bathroom was small, but like I said, I was not there to spend a lot of time in the room.  It worked for me.  As far as the hotel goes, there were some nice parts (newer), and there were some run-down parts.  The elevators, stairways, parking garage, and ice machine areas were pretty old and "needing help."  The large confrence room area where the bingo hall is located was deserted most of the time, and downright scary at certain hours due to the "interesting" people that were loitering about.  One guy looked like he was on drugs, and another pair looked homeless.  I saw no security up there, and wondered how "safe" it would be if I were to have an altercation with someone of a "questionable" nature.  Yes, there were security cameras all around, but who knows if they are actually being monitored.....The casino area was spacious and busy, but the drink service at the bars was so slow that I actually had to go over to the ABC store to get a drink!  The pool was nice, but they had recently drianed & refilled it so it was cold!  The area around the pool was a bit old & "dated", but I can see that it has a lot of potential for the future.Would leave 3.5 stars if I could - 4 is too many, simply because of the few negativities that I experienced.....Final decision is 3/5.P.S. - The Plaza IS charging a "resort fee" - This covers wireless internet access, parking, etc.  I believe this is pretty standard with most hotels these days, so BE SURE TO READ THE FINE PRINT WHEN YOU CHECK IN!!!  I knew about this fee ahead of time, but saw some other guests arguing about it when they were checking out!  LOL
2	What a difference a year makes! When we had our event there last year, I was extremely impressed with the quality of service & the amenities in the hotel along with the rooms being large in size & well appointed. Our convention was excited to return to the Fremont area this year. We even expanded it to be 6 full nights instead of 3. What a disappointment. Upon arrival, after 3pm, I was told the suite I'd reserved wasn't available and that all I could get was a double bedded room. I'd also requested that I have a room closer to the elevator because the halls are long and i'm a bit on the hippy side. My room was the next to the end of the hall. 1 door closer. The bellman dropped one of our bags when taking it out of the cab and splitting it open. Not even an apology. Upon checking in, the front desk staff was rude to the point of obnoxious. I heard later if you slipped them a 20 they would fulfill the accommodations. I guess they didn't know bribery was against the law and that would explain where my suite went. Poof. Arriving at the room, the bed were made but housekeeping had failed to remove several used bottles of beer, 3 filthy wash cloths behind the bathroom door & we had no toilet paper. I called housekeeping and was informed a manager would have to call me back. 10 minutes later the manager called, apologized and assured me they would send someone right up. An hour later I called back. They sent someone but he refused to remove the dirty wash cloths until I went Big City Woman on him. the one bright spot on my arrival was going to Oscars. I arrived just before happy hour was over, had a great waitress & the food was as excellent as ever. The rest of the week went down hill. It was as if they didn't want us there at all. There was no security guard at the tower entrance so 4 out of 6 nights we found people sleeping or passed out in the vending machine area on my floor (9th). Unacceptable.When making my reservations, I specifically asked if they had finally gotten in room movies, and was assured they had. This was a lie. and the "front desk manager" (I say that with quotes because Im pretty sure she wasn't) was over the top rude when asked about it. There were no channels on the TV so you had to guess what channel you were watching. and yes I know that most folks don't come to Vegas to watch TV but you can't gamble 24x7x6days. Do I look like Melinda Gates? Let's move to Friday when I needed a bellman to move some luggage for me to another room. With an additional of our 375 rooms checking in, there was a 200 room wedding also checking in. The bell desk had 1 - yes I said it - 1 bellman on duty. who puts 1 bellman on duty on a weekend? I had to call the front desk they said they would tell him. 30 minutes later nothing. called for the hotel GM - and was told there wasn't one on duty. LIE. No hotel, no matter how big or how small doesnt have management. Today, upon checkout, I started at 7am calling the bell desk no answer. Finally I called the operator who again informed me there was no GM on duty. On a Sunday at 8am with 750 rooms checking out? LIE. I sent my son down stairs only to find out that the button that is marked "Bell Desk" on the telephone, doesn't ring to the actual bell desk. It just goes no where. Its a IF they don't want anyone staying there. As much as I love to go to Oscar's, I will never ever go to the Plaza again. I don't care if I do miss out on those lovely Carolyn cocktails. I'll get over it. I don't need to spend my $$ and I did spend too much to be treated as if I was some homeless motherless child. The bum sleeping in the vending area was better off since he didn't have to pay.
1	Let me start by saying that I am definitely a fan of the "Old Vegas" hotels and was quite excited to be staying at the Union Plaza again after a long absence... boy, was I disappointed! Check-in was delayed, (even though we didn't even try til nearly 16:00 hrs), evidently our room was still dirty. We reserved a two-queen handicap room with a refrigerator; we got a two-queen standard room and the fridge was brought up later. The bathroom was so small, you had to step outside to fart! The AC worked fine after I cleaned the filth from the filters, but the tub drained so slowly that by the end of a quick shower you were standing ankle-deep in water... then one morning I heard something and looked down and saw water rising up out of the tub drain! Several calls to the desk did nothing because nobody ever showed up. The maids were very friendly and very generous with fresh towels and anything else they could do for us.We used the largest ballroom all week... where to start? Most of the electrical outlets were dead, all but one door locked (but security did make a good effort to keep an eye on things), and none of the lighting controls worked and the ceiling lights had to be adjusted by screwing and unscrewing them with a long pole! The main floor of the casino could have smelled better, I know smoking is allowed, but ventilation is also allowed! There are six elevators in the south tower, and regardless of the time of day, a 3-7 minute wait was normal... I once waited 10 minutes!The Valet were probably the best part of the whole week, always there, always friendly and very quick to bring the car around. The sushi place is AMAZING!!!Luckily, our convention will be hosted at the Tuscany Suites next year, I'm sad that my freshest memory of the Plaza is a shabby one.
3	After a quick 2 day staycation I must say that I do like the changes that The Plaza has made.  The biggest change is to the rooms.  Most of the furniture was purchased at auction from the Fontainbleau....even the room safes, and bathroom fixtures are from the Fontainbleau!  The only downsides to my room were a slightly noisy AC unit, and a shower/tub area that was not well lit.My room was in the south tower, and I had fast elevator service every time.  The elevator lobby areas are nicely renovated also.The renovation funds must have run out before anything could have been done to the pool area, and the parking deck.  The parking deck, with the nastiest elevators you can imagine, is the least pleasant part of The Plaza.  The pool area, with 1970's astroturf used in an effort to soften the look, is rather depressing.The sports book area is nice, with plenty of room, well lit, and lots of screens.The Plaza is a good choice if you want a nice room on a budget, and can live with other parts of the property that haven't been upgraded yet.
1	Next time one of your family members decides to book this place, think twice!!!I wish I did! I had no clue that this hotel was soooo far from the strip. We literally took the freeway each time we headed down to the strip.-First of all, the pool is terrible!!!!!! Nothing about the pool is nice except for the fact that they hand out free towels.-Even if you ask for a NON smoking room, you might just get a smoking room so make sure you call the front desk so they can switch you out.-The whole casino/hotel/pool area wreaks of SMOKE! Not a good place for children.-The elevators are missing numbers and lightbulbs which make the hotel's reputation go down.-The rooms have nice furniture and a flat screen TV. The bathroom SOAP is terrible!!! My hands broke out in irritation so BEWARE!!!!!!!If possible, book your stay at a reputable hotel ON THE STRIP preferably Luxor, The Excalibur, New York New York or even Flamingo. These hotels have great deals & are worth your money.The Plaza Hotel is NOT!!!!!!!!!!!
4	We visited this hotel taking the in-laws to see Louis Anderson.  We had free tickets thanks to showtickets4locals.com .  (Free to sign up with them) We arrived and had to visit the concierge to get our tickets.  It must have been the first time they offered these particular tickets for free as they were unaware of how to process them.  The two ladies helping us were awesome!  They assured us there wouldn't be any issue getting us the 4 tickets we signed up for. It took them a few minutes but eventually said our names would be on the list to get it.  Wow!  I never had my name be on 'the list' to get in anywhere!  Doesn't that only happen to celebrities? ;-) I felt important for the night! The theatre itself is not too huge but seated plenty of people.  Even with our free tickets, they seated us at one of the 'reserved' booth tables to enjoy the show. The waitress immediately came over to get our drink orders.  She was fabulous and always came back to check on us.  Louis Anderson had a few opening acts. The first one... blah.  I was hoping this wasn't setting the tone for the night.  The second act was a comedian/magician.  He was great! I'm always fascinated by their illusions.  Louis Anderson was great! I think he had a few bits in mind but alot of it was improv with the audience.  I always find it more entertaining when they interact with the crowd.  It makes for a non-rehearsed hilarious show!  Overall a fun night with the family!
2	So I did it. I stayed at the Plaza for a little staycation for 3 nights for my birthday. Despite all the negative reviews they were having a promotion buy 2 nights get 1 night (wednesday only) free so I said what the heck ill stay there. We paid $90 bux TOTAL for 3 nights..tues wed and thurs. That also included the $10/night "resort fee" which is bs. So the fee includes 2 bottles of water in your room for every night u stay, wi-fi and access to the pool and gym.  The pool was fine it was small but it was clean and they played music so I have no complaints about that. The gym if you can even call it that, had a handful of extremely outdated cardio machines and guess what they did not work. Only 1 machine in the whole room worked and it was the 1990 elliptical! They had one weight machine and some dumbbells but i wanted to do cardio so I was disappointed. The wi-fi worked and I got my water 2 nights during my stay I did not get any on my 3rd day. So resort fee is crap. Next the rooms. We got 2 queens in the South Tower and we got a smoking room. Now bf and I dont smoke but we thought if any of our friends came down they could smoke in the room. Bad bad bad idea. The hallway getting off the elevator reeked of smoke then the room was just stank. It was to be expected but even 2 air fresheners didn't help the room smell any better.  The sink was clogged and slow draining the whole time and the bathroom was so tiny. There were stains on the floor and it always felt wet so we had wear shoes the whole time. But alas it is the Plaza. My biggest complaint was that the power was out for a while and when we called the front desk to complain the lady who answered said it was no fault of theirs bc it was "an act of god". Did she really just say that? We asked if they had backup generators and they said yes but only for emergencies.  Not that the power going out is an extreme emergency but come on its 100+ degrees in the summer in Vegas and im paying to sit in a room with no air and no tv and "its an act of god" is the best you can come up with? Straight bs. 2 stars are for the Pop Up Pizza place and the price we paid for 3 nights was hella cheap. What can I say you get what you pay for. I wont be back.  Deuces Plaza.
1	Ever hear the phrase about putting lipstick on a pig?  But did you hear the one about the lipstick on a pig...and then raising the cost of that pig over 300%??My group of old college buddies (12 in all) make an annual trip to Vegas and I am usually in charge of the hotel booking.  In the past decade, we have stayed at the Plaza about 8 times.  Since we have spent so many years coming to the Plaza, some of us had actually worked up a little 'Juice' with the casino so our rooms were often discounted and once in a while, comped.  With this, we were able to overlook the horrible bathrooms, the slow flowing drains, the smoky smell in nonsmoking rooms, the fear of death elevators...Since the 'renovation', the customer service and hospitality has gotten so bad, wasn't this supposed to get better?  And the rates they are quoting me are so high (plus a 'resort' fee???), that the era of the Plaza has come to an end.Each year I would call and speak to a host about what deal we can get.  We usually get 3-4 regular two Queen bedrooms and one two room suite so we have a place of meeting up and hanging out.  Over the past few years...it has been harder to get hold of anyone or get a return call.  The suites we stayed in were downgraded and rates went up.  And this last call was the final straw.  I called the same number I always call...but this is no longer a 'host' line.  It is simply casino services.  The person on the phone was pleasant and I told her our history and the rooms needed.  She tallied the suite up by itself.  It was over 300% higher than we paid last year...and last year was AFTER the renovation.  This one suite rate was higher than all the rooms last year COMBINED!  When I pitched a fit, she asked if I'd like to be transferred to a host, you mean who I was calling for in the first place?  Yes!  So she transferred me to a line that rang and was never answered.  awesome.  When we went there last year (on a weekend) the casino was EMPTY...most table games closed by 2am.  Why are you scaring away our business when you obviously need it?  We are not huge spenders individually...some more than others.  But as a group of 12 combined, we drop a lot of cash at this place on food, gaming and sports betting.Also wrote an email to them directly over a week ago with no response.  Plaza, you are like a Coffee shop that I love going to...but then you remodel the bathroom and decide to charge triple for the burger.  Maybe get a better burger first.
2	My wife and I stayed here during their soft open after their remodel/reopening.  We had booked a deluxe view room, but were upgraded upon check in to a mini-suite. There were a few hiccups, which was normal for a "new" hotel, and they didn't have bell service yet (I hate having to truck my luggage through a casino to get to my room), yet nothing prevented me from wanting to stay here again.  We were in LV last weekend and decided to try the Plaza again and let me tell you my opinion has changed.We had a late check-in because we were driving up from San Diego.  We arrived a little before 10:30pm.  I pulled up to the valet, and they informed me that bag drop off was in the front.  So I pulled around to the front circular driveway and found no bell hop, no door man, nothing - just a security guard.  So I unloaded my bags and helped my wife move them up to the front desk.  The security guard was giving my and my vehicle the "evil eye", so I moved my car back to the valet while my wife checked in.  We were informed that due to low occupancy, they didn't have bell service anymore (we later found out they have day bell service, they just stop at "10-ish"; I couldn't get a hard time out of anyone).  Strike one.We got to the room and went in and when the door swung closed I realized it was not closing all the way. The door lock plate was bent and would not allow the door to move past the brass strike plate on the frame.  Huh I thought, that is odd they would not catch something so obvious.  So I called the front desk at 10:45 exactly.  I informed them of the issue and asked if we could switch rooms. I was informed that they didn't have anymore of my room type available so they would have to send someone up to fix it.  (I wondered why we weren't just upgraded to a full suite if they had "low occupancy", but maybe those rooms were all full too).  I asked if they could send someone right away as I was unable to leave the room since the door would not close (without taking all of my luggage).  At 11 I was getting a little irritated, so my wife went down to the front desk while I waited.  At 11:15 the guy finally got there, fiddled with the door for about 10 minutes and finally got it fixed by taking the lock apart and reassembling it.  We asked the night manager, and then inquired why it took so long to get someone up to fix the door, she said it was because they where have a shift change in maintenance, and they have to sync up the shifts.  So again I asked, "So if my wife was here alone with just her girlfriends, at 11 at night, next to the bus station, in a hotel where there is no security at the elevators, waiting in a room with a door that doesn't close 30 minutes for someone to come fix it, don't you think the customer suffers as well as being a guest safety issue?"  She replied "yes, I guess it does" (direct quote) and offered to refund out $10 resort fee.  Strike two.Another ding for the hotel is that although the valets are super nice and super quick and efficient, the valet parking area is at the back of the hotel, NOT in the parking garage.  So your car is sitting in the direct desert sun all day while self-parking is in the garage.  I don't see how you would spend 55 million dollars to renovate a hotel and not spend the extra couple of hundred thousand more (at most) to put up some covered valet parking areas - even most apartment complexes have those.  Additionally, the hotel renovation was completed just over two years ago, and in that time everything has taken some damage.  A lot of the elevator lights don't work, in our mini-suite room, the carpet had a large snag in it where the thread bunched up; like house keeping and maintenance don't own a pair of scissors to cut it out?  The bathroom door was cracked at the bottom in several places and chipped (can you say paint?).  The casino smells of must, dust and/or smoke.  To put it in a nutshell, they don't seem to do much routine maintenance.   Strike 3.I honestly don't know if we will stay here again.  Hotel issues aside, the slots seem pretty tight as well, so we just ended up doing most of our gambling at other downtown casinos. Although dated, I much prefer the level of service we get at the Fremont if I were to come back looking for a cheap room.  If I were not looking for a not cheap room, I think I would try the Nugget or the newly remodeled "D".
5	This is not a review of the hotel or amenities, rather the 5 STAR CUSTOMER SERVICE from the front desk and management in response to my situation. I had made reservations for four days on short notice. I was told and agreed that because of the short notice that I was passed the cancellation period.  My daughter then had a serious medical emergency and was hospitalized. I was unable to call the hotel at the time but contacted them the next day to cancel.They informed me that  my reservation was cancelled but there may have been a charge and would have to talk to the front desk. Talking to the front desk confirmed there had been a charge. I explained my situation to a very sympathetic voice (sorry didn't get her name). She said she would talk to her supervisor and call back. Within 15 minutes or less, she called an told me the charge would be reversed and wished us good luck with my daughter. If management would like to give her a pat on the back, my call back was at 10:45 am on sept. 16.    Thank you....thank you.....thank you
1	This place was really offensive. Honestly the facilities seem acceptable, albeit a bit shabby and smoke crusted.  Additionally, the pillows are 1/2 the size of normal pillows, very hard, and they only give you 3 on a King bed. I couldn't sleep all night, so uncomfortable. The mattress leaves much to be desired as well.The real problem is the staff. While trying to check in the agent interrupted us 3 times to take what sounded to be personal calls. The room we checked in to had the heat left on full blast and smelled like gym socks. When we went to complain we were treated rather shabbily, and it was suggested perhaps if we waited a few hours a room as the one we had booked would become available. The manager took it as her place to lecture me on  "prevailing industry policies "--ones I knew were quite untrue considering I worked in the industry for years.  I can deal with incompetence, it's just bad attitude and a complete lack of customer service that bothers me.  They act as if they were doing me a favor by letting me stay at their downtrodden little hotel, and I should be thankful that I get any room at all, and should not be so audacious as to request what was agreed to when I made the reservation. How dare I request a clean, non-odorous room to the specifications that were agreed to on the call!
4	After experiencing this hotel earlier in the year, I decided to head back and see it wasn't a fluke. I plan to be there for a sports event and I would love to be there to relax and recover from a weekend of sports activity. I'm choosing to stay there from Thursday, 10/10 until Sunday, 10/13.If anyone or the hotel is aware of new features added, let me know and I'll review.
1	When we booked our reservation we got a deal on the room but we had never stayed at a downtown hotel. I read the reviews on Yelp, Trip advisor and more and they all seemed ok. Small bathroom they all said but we can live with that.  Checking in was a breeze at the check in desk but when we booked the room we booked a Freemont view room and were not told that the North tower for that room was closed for our dates due to installing televisions (Really you have to close a whole tower to install TV's wow) So they gave us what they called a Strip view room in the south tower. (NOT so much). Granted you could see the stratosphere and the RIO (Which is not on the strip) in the distance but we got the best view of the train tracks that would run trains at 430 in the morning that sounded like they were coming straight threw the room and a parking lot from the 11th floor. NOT impressed Plaza not at all. Getting up to the room was interesting as well. You would think that in an elevator all the lights would work. NOT so much. The arrow when you press it to get the elevator on over half the panels did not light up. There are 6 elevators and it took forever if there was not one already on the main floor. Inside the elevator the numbers to let you know what floor you were on when the door opened yet again in half of them did not work either. Neither did the numbers on the key pad so you had no idea if the elevator got the message to what floor you were going to. So our first night there I went into the small bathroom to get a shower and ended up standing in about 2 feet of water by the time I was done because the tub was just filling up. Would not drain. There was no drain cap so that was not the issue. I had to call the front desk and it to have mantience to come up and take care of it. They were quick. I had ordered more towels and blankets  and it took housekeeping over an hour to deliver them and this was not a busy time for the hotel. I was a little aggravated about this as I wanted to get to the casino and check out Freemont Street.  Housekeeping I have to admit as long as they were not bringing you something to your room were great. Friendly staff and very good job at cleaning the room. Little tip if you are parking a car in the parking garage park on the third floor. If you are staying in the south tower you can bypass the parking garage elevators as there is a door right in front of you when you walk into that corridor and it will take you to a ramp follow the ramp down and then on your right will be the south tower elevators. You can take it up to your room if you are staying there or you can take it down to floor 1 and that is the casino and access to the north tower.  We found this little trick day 1 but it came in handy when the parking garage elevators were out of order the last night we were there. Little tip if you are printing off your boarding passes at the internet table they offer. Put in $3.00 that will give you 15 min plenty of time to go to your website and print going through the process for your corresponding airline.  BUT the passes will not print off until you are completely done with your session and I believe that there is a button that will actually take the remainder of your money when you are ready to print the passes as they want 15 min worth of time to print. I hope that makes sense for anyone who is reading this. It was a big disaster yesterday for us and I was beyond furious with the front desk staff at that time because there were two people attending to the checkout line and then one girl at the side by the bell desk who was on a personal phone call and would not even acknowledge me to help me with the issues that we were having with their equipment. Talk about a customer service RED FLAG. I don't deal well with that. There were credits that we got to go along with the room when we booked and paid in advance. Those credits are only good at the Coffee shop that is right by the check in desk or the Pizza place by the south tower elevators. Make sure you are prepared to use the entire credit at the same time. WE ended up with so much stuff because it is a must to use the entire thing. You just can't let it go.  As for gambling at the Plaza when you get your players club card they have a promotion going on just so you know when you lose they will refund your money on the player's club card if you are a new player. What they fail to tell you is that you have to go back to their player's club des k for the next two days in order to get that returned play added to your card. GO FIGURE it would be just like a customer service agent there to leave that little part of info out. Table games at the Plaza are pretty good on the weekend but don't good looking for their Pai Gow table to be open during the week. Monday night our last night there it was closed and this is my game of choice. I played most of the weekend between Plaza, Main street station (where there dealer Pamela was AMAZING. LOVE
4	My wife and I stayed at the Plaza over Labor Day weekend. This was our second visit since their remodel. We were a little apprehensive given some of the bad reviews I read prior to this visit so we actually booked a comped room at the Orleans as back up. We chose to pay for the Plaza because we prefer to stay downtown. I am happy to say we didn't need to use our back up room and stayed all three nights at the Plaza.Check was a breeze even though we were there at 1pm, they had 5 people working so the line moved very quickly and since I had picked up a $2 Coors before getting in line I was fine with the wait. Robert at check in was very pleasant and since I explained my apprehension to him he worked very hard to make sure we had a good room. He really wanted to make sure we had a good floor but couldn't get us a King bed on the floor he wanted for us so I took the two queens which isn't a real big deal. I couldn't be happier with his service.We were given a very nice room in the south tower on the 21st floor with a nice view of the strip. The room was as we remembered from our last visit. The furnishings are nice and in good shape. the bed's were comfortable but the pillows were a little lacking. The room was clean and believe me we checked thoroughly before unpacking. The room is good size for Downtown. The only things I would have liked the room to have would be a coffee maker (we brought our own instead) and a refrigerator (which is rare downtown except at the Main street Station). The floor we were on was quite and didn't smell of smoke. In fact I think in the three nights there I only saw one other person on the floor. Maid service was always prompt and thorough. She even left a couple extra waters for us each day (probably due to a nice tip every morning).The Casino at the Plaza is ok. We played some slot machines and the electronic crap machine a lot. Drink service was good. We mainly play Blackjack though and I don't care to much for the tables there. We prefer the double deck 3/2 at the Cal. We did play one evening with some of the Girls around the dancing stage. Even though they pay 6/5 and use auto shufflers, which I hate, the girls were actually very funny and we had a good time. We did play at the craps table a few times and the dealers were all very nice and friendly.We saw a couple of comedians at the comedy club one night. The tickets were a little overpriced for the show, even with the 2 for 1 coupon, but we had fun and didn't feel to bad about doing it. The drinks at Z bar while we waited for the show to start were great.Island Sushi is a nice little place, prices are great and the food was very good. the fish tasted fresh and clean. The sizes were a little small but given the price I cant complain to much we just ordered more. Pop up Pizza is amazing especially at 1 or 2 am after drinking vodka and playing cards all night. The Mexican place in the food court has a great breakfast burrito.All in all a nice trip especially since I am a rate watcher and got all three nights over the weekend with resort fee for $128 total. The Plaza is perfect for downtown stays. Right there for all the action but not so in the middle of it that it is crazy and loud like the D. It was nice to walk thru all of the noise and madness of Freemont on a Saturday night to come back to the Plaza and leave all of that on the other side of the street. We will be back for sure.
5	This is my fav place to stay n downtown vegas. $25 weekdays and $40 most weekends is unheard of n a hotel as nice as this. We always have a nice clean room the check n is courteous and quick. Great variety of slots and beautiful gaming floorThe specials on food credit with your room is great my girls love Pop Up pizza i love Cafe Latte the best wraps and cheesecake
1	This hotel deserves a -ZERO star. Out bathtub was clogged the room connected next to us smelled like smoke when we first check in, our toilet seat was hella high it was for handi Capp people, bathroom was way too small, bed and pillows was uncomfortable I always get stiff necks and body hurts the next day. No Refrigerator , no microwave and we paid way too much for a crappy room. One of the promoters assured me I can get my full money back when we spend like more than $500 which we did way more than $500, we spent 4 nights and was charged $608.67 and only comp us $207. in their computer they only keep track on how much you win but not how much you lost. They said we didn't play enough and that is a total bullshit, we could've stayed in a motel or California hotel and get a kamaina discount and could've paid a lot cheaper. Everything here is crappy even their room service. NeVer again. I'll make sure everyone I know don't stay in this hotel. I despise people here. Oh and to add their door and towel handles and breaking apart.
3	Stayed here for 1 night during the LIfe is Beautiful Festival, wanted to arrive early as I knew check in would be busy during that weekend.  When we got to the desk, we were told check in was at 4p, that seemed a little late for check in but I left my name and hoped we could just pick up our room keys when the room was available. Came back at 430 and the check in line was looong! We waited and since nothing was signed we had to wait to actually get a room assigened to us.  When we got to our room I was happy. The rooms are updated and spacious and wouldn't mind staying there for a night or 2 again.  My only complaint are the elevator wait times...they took forever and after a long day of walking around you don't want to wait in a crowded lobby just for an elevator to get there.  I liked the food court and other food options as they had Mcdonalds, Subway, and Zabbas.  They also had a sushi Restaraunt and Hash House (which seemed to have a long wait Sun morning, but that's expected) my only other tip is check to make sure you don't need anything from the gift shop that you may have forgot to pack because it does close...I believe I went around 1230a and they were closed.  The sports book is nice but the game I was trying to watch was featured on the small screen and was hard for me to see from the high top tables.  *sportsbook bar makes good bloody Mary's!
4	Stayed here for 2 nights during Halloween and had a great time. Great location if you want to be downtown, and everyone I came in contact with was friendly. Clean rooms, good views, and just an all around fun atmosphere!
1	My mother and I just received the worse customer service experience I've had in a real long time.  I came to visit my mother from LA to watch her compete in the World Food Championship.  It just so happened that she is staying at The Plaza.  While on the slot machines, our waitress by the name of Darlene took our drink orders.  When she came back with our drinks, my mother and I were having a regular conversation because we haven't seen each other for a while.  We've been playing the slots, but Darlene assumed we weren't so she took it upon herself to say "this isn't a place for socializing".  She also mentioned that if we want to talk then we need to leave because she served us drinks.   I pretty much said that she dint have to talk to us like that and that we've been playing the slots while she was getting our drinks.  She kept mouthing off random remarks as she was walking away.   I will continue to escalate this issue, because this needs to be addressed.  I almost feel like the race card was a factor in this situation.  My mom felt very disrespected and offended.  This will be the last time I ever stay here.  We won't waste our money on the slots here either.  I will write my review on Yelp, Yahoo, etc.   BTW, I went to report the incident to the bartender and he mentioned that he didn't know how to get in contact with the food and beverage manager.  This place doesn't even deserve 1 star.
3	First time staying on Fremont. We were actually surprised with what we got. Hotel is obviously older and in need of some renovations but it seems like their working on that already. The room was very spacious and nicer than expected. In my opinion it needs more lighting but that was about the worst of it. Oh, wait...the sad excuse for a gym bumped it down a notch. All in all, if our plans ever bring us back to Fremont, I wouldn't mind booking again.
1	Absolutely disgusting hotel. DO NOT STAY HERE!! No blankets in the room and freezing. Housekeeping never answers their phone and its impossible to get blankets provided even after multiple requests. No full length mirror in the room and no accessible outlets for charging phones etc. Front desk also does not answer their phones ever even though when you go to the lobby, staff are standing behind the desk chatting. Asked to speak to a manager and never heard back. Best thing of all - no maid service!!!!!!!  Left my room at 745am and returned at 1030pm - room not serviced. Call the Front Desk - put on hold. Just an awful place to stay. Gross. Chemical air freshener throughout the building. McDonalds and Subway in the lobby. AVOID AVOID AVOID. I am only giving it one star because you can't post a review without it, and I am only staying here because we were booked here through work. If you want nasty, its at the Plaza. Shame on them.
4	I stayed here because I was a competitor at the World Food Championships and this hotel seemed the lesser of the evils, as far as price and location were concerned. I was told not to stay here and I am SUPREMELY GLAD I didn't listen.I feel bad for the people who wrote awful reviews about this place. My stay at The Plaza was nothing but wonderful. Upon entering, it is obvious that the hotel tries to tamp down the cigarette/cigar smoke wafting through the air by pumping in air freshener, but it was pleasant (to me) and I appreciate the effort. My room looked exactly how it did on the website. Other reviews mentioned the long line for check-in, and I expected that, but it didn't put a damper on my stay. The bell hop service took our bags to our room shortly after we checked in.The addition of Hash House A-Go-Go was unexpected and welcome. We ate there twice and sung the restaurant's praises all the way down the street. Every staff member we encountered was courteous, friendly and answered any questions we had. The casino is smaller and less-crowded than others in Downtown, but the lobby of the hotel was nicely decorated, clean and it seems to be newly renovated. My only qualms: One morning the hot water in the shower did not work and the vanity sink water was slow to drain. I'd definitely stay here again, without question.
1	If only zero stars was an option. My experience from the very start was horrible. This is the worst hotel ever.1. I didn't want to pay for Valet, so I drove into the parking garage, where I was charged $5 to park, but was told it would be refunded when I checked in. Why are they doing this when every hotel in Vegas is free parking?2. There was NO parking available in their lot, yet they were still feeding a steady stream of cars to circle like sharks.3. So this led me to parking valet but lets not forget the bell boy that completely ignored me when I tried to ask where I needed to go for that when I pulled up to the front of the hotel.4. After finally getting parked, after waiting in line for 10 minuted to get parked I walked into the Casino to find the hotel check-in, but there was no directional signs to tell me where to go. I also couldn't find anybody working the floor to ask.5. After finding the check in counter I was greeted with a long line and under staffed check in counter. After finally getting to the counter I was given $5 for the parking garage and when I asked if I could get my valet comped they told me it was already free for guests. Something they should make clear on their website. I had thought it was $25 per day.6. After getting checked in I was told my room was in the North tower so I left the counter fully expecting them to be labeled, but they were not. I had to go back to the concierge desk and ask them where it was.7. After getting to my floor I started looking for my room only to see the numbers on the doors were falling off, some were completely missing, this made finding my room a little more difficult.8. The room itself was spacious, but there were LOTS of negatives to the room- Not enough towels.- no outlets next to the lamp stands to charge your phone, and I only found two outlets in the whole room I could actually get to.- the ac/heater was a very old window unit type, with no thermostat- the walls were very thin, I could here the loud concert going on down at the street - from the 16th floor. I would also constantly here people in other rooms and in the hall, not a quite place AT ALL, on top of that I was awakened to a loud banging noise at 5am, have no idea what it was- no closet to hand your cloths, no mini fridge or microwave...Holiday Inn has these for crying out loud.9. You actually have to check out of your room rather than just leaving like you can at Holiday Inn, but you do have an express check out option that you drop off in a box.10. Buttons in the elevator were broken and many bulbs were out, not to mention the carpets in them were nasty.11. The whole place was just "nasty" overall. Although the room itself was clean. The only good thing I can saw about this place was the room was fairly large, and there was a good Mexican restaurant downstairs by the casino.
3	I stayed the weekend at Plaza, the rates are really cheap and the rooms are spacious. The hotel is directly across from fremont street....hotel staff was friendly and helpful....i will definitely stay here again*Tub is really small*Radio sucks( no ipod doc)
3	Decided to try it out after I had to only pay for resort fee.  The first room had a wet carpet so I requested a room change.  The second room's toilet had diarrhea all over.  Thus the third room to move to.  The third move in was a charm.  The room had only two desk lamp.  Because of the brown painted walls the room looked very dark.  Had a basic shower bath tub.  The sink resembled a porcelain box.  The room was very big holding two queen beds.  Customer service did pass the test although they wanted to have house keeping to clean the 2nd room's toilet.  Our third room's sink was not draining well and I had engineering came to unclog it.  We then left to go out to the strip.  When we came back I feared they did not fix it.  The sink drain well to my satisfaction.  The next day I used the internet all day for work and the resort's internet was the fastest I experienced at a hotel while the Wynn was the slowest. The only restaurant we went for breakfast and dinner was the Hash House A Go Go.  More on it on a separate review.  The casino had $5 six deck shoe and $25 double deck.  Black jack paid 3 to 2.  Other games included let it ride, 3 card poker, slots, video poker, video blackjack (paid even money no double down or splits), and ultimate texas holdem.  Did not see if they had a poker section.  The hotel was adjacent to the Fremont Experience.  The casino looked dead at 10 pm when the newest casino in downtown Vegas The D looked poppin' with cheering crowds, loud house music. while the Plaza played music at low volumes.  I felt depressed at the plaza and felt happier at The D.  Only Hash House was busy with patrons.  There seemed to be a lot of bums nearby but its downtown.  Valet was easily accessible as we checked in Sunday and checked out Tuesday.  Checking out the hotel by phone was a breeze.  The slots were tight yet they were not as tight as the slots at Norwegian Epic.  My mom made a 100 bucks at the dollar mega bucks.  Penny machines are absolutely tight.  Tighter than a turtle's ass.  Therefore, play the $1 and above slots and stay away from penny slots!By the way the new member's promo is that you get reimbursed up to $100.  You have to lose $100 before midnight on day 1.  On day 2 you would receive $50 in slot play.  Then on day 3 you would receive another $50 in slot play.  Player's card desk opens at 8 am and we would go as earliest possible to get the slot play.  You must have a loss to get reimbursed thus the free play is not fun as you have to lose to earn free slot play.  You get paid to lose.  Not my cup of tea but still its better than no promo.
1	I'm at the hotel right now..booked the room for Sunday thru Tuesday...all was well until I woke up this morning and no water...I can't take a shower as nothing happens when you turn it on. I call down to the desk and ask what's going on and she says they are having an issue with the water in the south tower...no apologies no let me see what I can do nothing..I had to even ask when they expect the water to be turned back on and she had to ask. So a couple house later still no water so I go to the front desk and ask if I can be moved. Answer....."no"... I go to guest services since I have a players card and just gambled a couple grand last night and he calls to see what's going on and asks them to upgrade me and move me to the north tower. Answer....."no"... Haha what a joke... Definitely not how the strip treats their guests and players...
2	its mostly been said by other people. Check in is a nightmare, huge line with only two people checking people in. elevators are a piece of shit, halve them do not work correctly. Rooms were alright, there is a railroad track right behind the hotel that will wake you up in the morning. Couldn't make me a white russian, no specialty drinks? one youre a casino, two its kalua, cream and vodka, its not that special. A lot of their dealers do not speak English well, i had a really hard time understanding what they were saying, so i didn't play as much as i wanted because i didn't want to lose money because i mistake what they are saying. good location though for downtown fremont
4	The sushi chef is super friendly and nice.  Quick and good.  Can't beat 50% off rolls!
3	I've only been in the casino section of the Plaza, so I can't speak on the hotel rooms.  The casino itself is alright - nothing special like most casinos.  It has a few restaurants (try Pop Up Pizza - it's the best!) and the other normal casino stuff.  It's one of the smokiest on Fremont, so I don't go in there unless I have to.
4	I'm surprised by the amount of recent negative reviews.  I've stayed here three times over the last 18 months and I still think it's solid value for your dollar.  It's still a cheap, nicely furnished, clean room for around 50 to 75 dollars a night.  It seems like they are not keeping up with maintenance as well as they should so I took off one star from my last review.  Most of the gripes seem like they come from people who want a room that cost $200 to $300 a night and are upset they don't get that for $50.  Get real, people.  Yes, the bathrooms are small, the hotel was built in the 70s and although renovated two years ago was not gutted and completely redesigned.  Yes, you have to pay a $10 a night resort fee.  Try to find a hotel these days in Vegas that doesn't charge one.  Good luck with that.  Yes, you might have to unplug a lamp to charge your device as the rooms don't have enough outlets for modern needs.  Yes, the parking garage is old, but it is self park and patrolled by security.  Never tried to use a bellman as me and my wife are content to wheel our own bags up to the room If you want a luxury hotel go stay at the Wynn or Bellagio and pay ten times more. Personally I'd rather stay at a budget hotel so I have money left over to gamble and see some shows while I'm here.  The Plaza suits my needs.
3	This was our second time staying here. A year ago we stayed in the North tower: super spacious, updated room. This time was a bit smaller room in the South tower. North tower elevators are closer to the front of the hotel (going out toward Fremont St), South tower elevators are across the casino floor but closer to the parking/valet in the rear if you plan on going out often (I prefer North). I really like the location, at the end of Fremont street so it's close enough, yet far enough from the action. As other reviewers have mentioned there's a distinct cheap air freshener-type smell throughout the lobby and casino so if you're super sensitive to that, fair warning. Didn't bother us though. Service is hit and miss; I've had encounters with friendly, helpful staff and also ones who act like they'd rather be anywhere else but assisting you or somehow don't know any answers to your questions. Oh well, we'll still be back I'm sure - we've had no problems with the rooms and for rates like $40-$60 I can forgive the crap shoot service. We never stay on the strip anymore. Oh, but must also agree with another reviewer, wish they'd put a full length mirror in the room!
4	I enjoyed my stay at The Plaza. The hotel has been remodeled and has some great restaurants now. Hash House A Go Go is awesome! I liked the retro modular style rooms and decor throughout the hotel. It made me feel like I was in Vegas.My room was clean, towels were fresh and maid service did a wonderful job everyday.My only complaint was the bedding. I'm a comforter kind of person, and like to have a heavy blanket. The blankets at the Plaza are thin and more like sheets. However, the front desk was happy to give me an extra blanket so I could be more comfortable. For the price, this is a steal and worth the few minutes off the strip. I will be staying here from now on.
5	I love The Plaza.  Can't wait to get back there the end of this month (January). We stay there every year.  My cousin flies out from NY to meet me in Vegas.  This year we are adding a couple friends to make this a real party week!We have stayed at the Plaza every time except the year they closed for remodeling which they did a great job at.  Love the rooms.  I go for the non scenic room as they are farther from the noise on Fremont St.  The Plaza being at the end of Fremont St is quieter for us older early to bed people who want quiet time :) They also have in room safes so you don't have to carry around your $$$ and I have prescriptions I don't want just setting around.  Rooms are very clean and have chairs and/or couches so you don't have to sit on the bed.  The employees are great. Last year they knew it was my birthday and they left balloons, a bottle of champagne and an invite to their slot tourney for me and my guests. Joni in Marketing has been a wonderful help to us with booking and whatever else we needed help with!As for the food - great - from the food court, the Hash House (where they give you lots of food) to Oscars (If you want a delicious wonderful relaxing meal and waited on hand and foot). Best Caesar salad I have every had!  It is worth every dollar you pay at Oscars!!! They also have the Cafelatte which was my favorite for my coffee,yogurt,pastries and gelato! I didn't try the sushi as that is not my forte. Just counting the days (16 to go) till I am back in the Plaza and on Fremont St again!Will post again after this trip and I'm sure it will be just as great,,,,,,,,,,,,,
4	Ive stayed here for years, many times. If you are staying downtown the nicest place to stay is Golden Nugget (GN) but after that, I would say The Plaza. Remodeled rooms are much nicer now at The Plaza. Very good size rooms for a regular room, 32 inch tv is clear and wireless works. Priced much cheaper then the GN and Strip Casinos. I prefer Downtown for Gambling so the Plaza works. Casino is ok, much slower then Strip and other Casinos so tables are available. One negative thing though is the Plaza has the Ugliest and Oldest Cocktail Waitresses Ive ever seen. Location is good for Fremont Street and stores, also pretty close to the outlet center. Night Life at Plaza is slow but walking distance to nicer places like GN and Commonwealth roof top club. Always a good time, ive never had any issues downtown or the Plaza. Im up late stumbling in from a night of gambling, dancing and drinking with no issues, sounds good to me.
1	We had stayed at the Plaza more than twice and figured it was as good of a place as any to celebrate our 2nd honeymoon. Yet we were treated rudely from the beginning. The room we reserved was a King Size bed. We were given 2 full size despite reserving 3 months in advance. We were brushed off originally when we asked to speak to a night manager, then told we had to wait until the next day, to get the room we wanted, despite the fact that the hotel was less than 50% filled. The next day, we found out from the day manager, that a King Size non smoking room was infact available that night. Our honeymoon was ruined. We spent the night in separate beds, given a room with only 1 bar of soap, no towels or toilet paper and we were lied to about King Size availability. We were not given any comps or money. I had better service from a Motel 6. I will never come.here again. I wish I could give them only a 1/2 star.
4	The parking isn't exactly convenient and it's quite the walk from check in to get to the south tower. To get to the food court and restaurants it's another inconvenient ride down the elevators and all the way across the gambling floor and hotel. However, our room was comfortable, clean and had a good view. We loved that it was quiet and that our bed was comfy. But not having room service and the self parking was a big nuisance the first few days. The front desk was hit and miss, sometimes they didn't answer and when they did they weren't always friendly. We did get our extra pillows, blankets and towels though. For the price, it's not bad as long as you're willing to deal with the loss of room service and convenience. But for a nice clean bed, a comfy room and a good price, we might just come back.
3	Despite being partially renovated, this hotel still has a pretty old school feel.  The rooms seem a bit more like a motel than a hotel, but the price is right.  Was a bit disappointed that the tower with the view was currently closed due to low hotel occupancy but I think that's just because its off-season.  The hotel staff were all super-nice.  It's right next to the bus station and just a stone's throw from the Fremont Experience.  If you're on a tight budget, this is probably as good as it gets.
4	Note: This is based on some stuff I wrote in my journal while visiting the Plaza a few years ago, so some of this may be out of date and it is not meant to disparage the Plaza. I actually quite like it there. Hopefully you will see the humor in my review: If you're ever looking for an affordable place to stay in Las Vegas, try The Plaza!Located in downtown Vegas, the Plaza reminds me of what old-time Vegas (or current day Alabama) must have felt like. You can't go wrong with amenities such as employees publicly bickering with each other in the middle of the casino floor, nightly near-shootings, a 24 hour McDonald's and cougars on the prowl around the clock! And I have never had more random conversations with assorted crazy hobos than I have while waiting for a cab in the Plaza's valet area. Oh, the history! Not only that, but if you're hungry, you'll want to head to quite possibly the worst buffet I've ever been to in my life. Make sure you leave room for dessert! And what about that sportsbook of theirs? Head there for March Madness and you can watch every game at once, in a hall jam-packed with more body odor than you could ever dream of. You'll want to be there before tip-off in case you haven't seen enough angry old black men, or middle-aged white guys screaming at the top of their lungs while clad in 2-sizes-too-small jerseys representing their favorite sports franchise! You haven't lived until you've seen a guy in a ripped Tom Chambers jersey, with half of the letters falling off, openly weeping because he bet 40 bucks on the Gonzaga game. Whoopsie daisy! Stick around through the second quarter and you'll see the REAL halftime show: panhandlers getting a little shut-eye in while old guys with canes beg for a seat. First come, first serve, grandpa! All in all, the Plaza is an experience you'll have to try once before you die and if you're lucky, you might even die while staying there. Have fun!
1	Horrible place to stay, lousy service and uncomfortable rooms.We recently stayed in the Plaza Hotel while at a volleyball tournament nearby.In a synopsis: Lousy service, the staff could care less about you or what you want. Very rude and not the least bit helpful. The rooms are bare minimum, with lousy bedding (holes in the sheets, 1 thin blanket) No fridge, no coffee maker (and you can't get one no matter what), not even an extra roll of toilet paper. We had to go down to the front desk and wait for 15 minutes to ask for one. Then we had to prove we were staying there before they would give it to us. The TP is like sandpaper as well...We were overcharged by about $80 and it's horrible trying to call and actually talk to someone, you get routed around and then only to find out the billing office closed while we were on hold. Argghhhh.....I will never EVER stay at this hotel again.I travel a LOT for work and believe me, this was one of the worst ever.
1	We had a reservation here on our 14th anniversary, February 14.  This was to be the last night of our Vegas vacation as we stayed on the Strip the previous two nights.  We are frequent Vegas visitors, so we like to have a mix of old school downtown "charm" and "Strip Glitz."  Our first two nights we were at the Flamingo with a great room with a great view and great staff.Now........The Plaza.  We have stayed here pre-renovation, and while the place was previously a total dump, it was at least clean and staff was friendly.  Not now.  Upon arriving at 12:50 p.m. we were told that we would be requesting to check in early.  Duh.  We are familiar with the standard 3 or 4 o'clock check in policy; however, having traveled extensively, we are also familiar with the leniency that most hotels offer if they have rooms available.  Again: now.......The Plaza.  We were told that we could come back at 1:30 (yes.....an entire 40 minutes later), OR for the low, low price of $22.50, we could check in now.  After 14 years together, what did they think we were going to do in that room that would warrant $22.50??  We just checked our bags with the bellman (after being told by the curt front desk attendant that if we came back at 1:30, the line would be to the door), and headed to Las Vegas Club to play for a bit.Upon returning to The Plaza near 1:30, the line was indeed to the door.  We waited for a good 45 minutes in line only to be told our room was now not ready as we had requested a king bed room.  Granted, we are two men, so it shouldn't be hard to figure the situation out as to why two guys would like one bed together.Oh but wait! Back to.......The Plaza.  We were repeatedly asked why we only needed one bed!!!  Did the check in clerk need a description and an etch-a-sketch to solve this riddle?? It was completely humiliating.  When we attempted to defend ourselves, we were suddenly greeted (well, greeted sounds polite, so forgive my words) with a manager who took our room agreement that we were about to sign and scratched, "Voided" on it and told us that our reservation was now void.  This in spite of the fact that we never raised our voice, cursed, or even appeared exasperated.  When asked why our reservation wasn't being honored, we were accused of calling a staff member a name.  When asked what that name was, we were simply told that they could not repeat it.  We used to love coming here, but after the discrimination, rudeness, and random policies that they have in place here, we will never be back.  We also had dinner reservations at Oscars Steakhouse at the Plaza that evening and canceled them.  The Golden Nugget can thank the Plaza for their horrible business practices.  We enjoyed a beautiful room, enjoyable gaming, and an incredible dinner there instead.  All with no attitude.........and no 20 questions as to why we would like to be in the same bed.  Just sayin'......
1	This place was nasty!!!  We only stayed here because my best friend was getting married and it was close to the chapel.  We usually stay way  up the strip (Mandalay Bay, MGM or even Monte Carlo) and now I know why.  The hotel reeked like rotten cheese, the front desk girls were extremely rude and there was no place to really eat (the food in the Mexican place looked like it was days old!!). I paid extra for a "view" room and all my other friends that were with me still got a "view" room and the "non-view" price.  The bed consists of 2 pillows half the size of a traditional pillow and if you get cold easily you might wanna bring your own blanket because the bedding consisted of a sheet and blanket not even suitable for a dog!!  There were large gashes in the wall of the room too.  No fridge, no coffeemaker.  I will never stay here again!!!  Remodeled in 2011?  My a**!!!
3	Just hold on a minute....  I understand the negative reviews are all true.... but, seriously, if I am paying only $27 for a night(hotel.com)... as long as there is no dead bodies under the mattress I think it's fine deal even with the wet dog smell.  It's way cheaper than the Motel 6 last I stayed at that came with the same smell.
1	Terrible customer service. Alarmingly terrible.  Let me preface by saying this is not my first time in Vegas, nor at the Plaza. We come here every year. In fact, the only reason that we stay at the Plaza is because there is a yearly event here that we attend.Before we left San Francisco, we called the Plaza to extend our stay an additional day. On our last day, we were rudely awakened by some lady banging down our door, asking us when we were leaving. We calmly let her know her that we were not leaving until tomorrow and she walked away. Next, our room phone started ringing off the hook. It was the front desk calling to let us know that were going to "send up security to remove us" if we did not vacate our room. This is ridiculous! My boyfriend had to get out of bed, and go down to the lobby to try and reconcile a mistake that was not ours. We were not once apologized to, nor compensated for the Plaza's lack of organization and terrible service. WE WILL NOT BE STAYING HERE AGAIN!
2	Ok, so I stayed here for a convention...if they pick this hotel again as a host hotel, I'll pass.A ten dollar resort fee is tacked on each night to your room fee.  You would expect, and rightfully so, that a resort would include a pool-closed, a fitness room-only 3 of 6 machines worked, filthy with dirty towels strewn all over, and a non-smelly room.  Not sure what are resort fee included, but if a fitness room that reeks of smoke is the Plaza's idea of a resort, they need to reassess!Also, as other reviews have noted, the blankets are paper thin, no fridge, no microwave, vending machines next to empty and on and on and on...Why 2 stars?  The Saturday night band was great and the garlic knots at the pizza place were great!I keep reading, "what do you expect for $36/night?? Well first, make that $46/night with the infamous resort fee. Also, it costs nothing to pick up dirty towels in the gym, fill the vending machines and give the carpets in the hallways a sweep.  Spend that resort fee to fix the gym and pool and this may have been a 3 star review..
3	For a while the Plaza was a sort of nice downtown place  that your parents might have gone to once a long time ago and enjoyed,  But at least since 2000 onward they were a kind of pit that continued to wallow in the dregs you came to expect from all of the downtown hotels that had problems attracting customers to stay  they fell even further for a few years by not taking care of their rooms.  I had see nicotine stains on e the ceiling even in the supposed non-smoking rooms.For a while I seriously thought this hotel was going the way of the Dunes hotel at the end of its life.   Except without the land needed to justify a rebuild.  The only reason I stayed at the Plaza when in Vegas was its position as a conference venue for some events I attended.  At the end of the day (and the drinking) I did not want to travel far for the bed.Lets roll forward a few years to 2009-2010 timeframe.  The Plaza actually did some work to the facility.  Enough that you might have been able to make a reason for staying in the Plaza to enjoy downtown and what it has to offer.Roll forward another couple of years and the Plaza is back into the pits.   I have another show to attend later this year in Vegas and I glad they picked another hotel.So are there any good reasons remaining to  stay at the Plaza?  Sure there are!   + Location at the end of the street is a good one. + The restaurant in the hotel can give you a good view of the street.+ The room prices can be excellent if you go with the right expectations.+ Breakfast is just fine and a decent price as you will find.+ Can be a great launch point for the rest of your downtown experience.+ Low crowds.  Being an older place can be a benefit in this area. + Unexpectedly friendly and helpful; staff.  (Much better than I would expect at a place like this)Even the parking situation be managed well enough if you have a look at the floor map online and make room reservations accordingly in the right part of the hotel.Go in with your eyes open.  The Plaza still needs some more renovation work.  If you want an absolutely stunning wedding with honeymoon time in your room then choose another hotel.But if you want a friendly downtown location with great prices as a launch point for activities outside the hotel then the Plaza is more than satisfactory for the purpose!
1	Awful customer service... AWFUL. Like I don't care about your safety awful.  DO NOT STAY HERE FIND ANOTHER PLACE IN DOWNTOWN VEGAS. I stayed here last year for Punk Rock Bowling we figured it might be a cheaper Golden Nugget since it still had a pool and the place was huge. Boy, was I in for a surprise. I reserved a smoking room, a friend of mine also had another smoking room. We both got there at the same time since we carpooled. We get non smoking rooms. We ask why their reply "We already filled up the smoking rooms we only have non smoking". Ok then why have us reserve anything in the first place.... kinda annoying but whatever we can smoke in the casino I guess right?Rooms are whatever, at least they look kinda cleanish but what does that matter when we're out partying all night and just using using the room to sleep and nurse our hangovers just do it all over again.Second day I wake up to a banging and the sound of a door jiggling. I think maybe its my hotel roomie half awake/ still drunk trying to get in. When I get up I notice she's passed out in her bed too. The room next door is banging on the door that connects our room and TRYING TO OPEN IT. WHAT THE HELL!? Call management. They go in and talk to the other room which denies it. I ask to have my room changed. I tell them I don't feel safe. "Sorry we can't do that". What about my belongings I ask.. "there's a safe by the bathroom" Thanks... its about the size of an iPhone... The issues with the room next door continue. Its not funny anymore and I'm genuinely scared to be in my own hotel room. I ask a friend to stay with us and tell him what was going on. We call management again. We all talk about it AGAIN. I tell them how unhappy and unsafe I feel in this room. I get denied another room AGAIN.Our last day.It happens again. This time our friend gets up and sternly tell them to stop. Goes outside and knocks on their door to try and see what is going on. Nothing happens but we can hear movement from next door. It doesn't happen anymore. I finally get home happy that I don't have to fear for my life anymore when I go to sleep and what do I see on my credit card bill.. an additional fee from Plaza Hotel. I call and ask what it was about. " Management saw you with an additional person in the room." ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME!? YES, BECAUSE YOU ASSHOLES DIDN'T DO SHIT ABOUT 2 GIRLS BEING HARASSED EVERY DAY IN YOUR HOTEL. After a couple of minutes going back and forth and speaking to one manager then another I've officially had it and Im tired of repeating the same story. They have no record of what happened with the room next door and the times that we spoke to management. But some how they know that our friend stayed with us because we felt scared to be alone. Charged me the extra money so that I could feel safe in your piece of shit hotel because YOU didn't do anything about it. Thanks Plaza. I hope you get shut down. You're a huge waste of space and judging by everyone else's reviews I'm not the only person that thinks you guys suck.
4	Went to Vegas for the Mint 400 Off Road race. The staff were all very nice and the hotel was overall good. It's not the Bellagio but you're not paying for the Bellagio. Parking was easy and you can walk right down Fremont street. Hash House a Go Go inside the Plaza has AWESOME very affordable food.
1	As a person who travels a lot my experience with The Plaza Hotel in Vegas was one of the worst I've ever encountered! Me and a couple of colleagues decided to take a spur of the moment trip to Vegas as a promotion celebration. We phoned many hotels but no open rooms were available to house us at 3am. No problem it's Vegas we can find plenty of commodities to entertain us until check in. Tired of phoning each hotels we decided to use kayak, in which we discovered kayak had rooms open. So we immediately booked two rooms. A lot of hotels are known to allow early checkins for a little up in price depending on whether they have rooms open at that time or not. So around 9 I decided to call and see if they had rooms available (which they did), and to see if they could allow us check in (which they didn't). This is where the issues started. Everyone I spoke to was extremely rude. From the front desk to the manager. If a situation is unsolvable I can understand that, but there is no need to be rude and deceitful. As I would be explaining the next person what the issue was they would rudely cut me off then transfer me next to the next worker! A constant circle for more than half an hour! Decided I didn't want to stay at a place that was unprofessional so I asked to cancel my request to stay and I didn't care how much the fee was I'd pay it. They replied that they wouldn't not they couldn't! Well the jokes on them because I instructed my credit card company not to approve the 1k transaction! Then called the Plaza next day then asked for corporates number and they transferred me five more times before telling me there is no corporate there is only an executive of operations. Then got transferred two more times before they gave me that persons number.Called the "executive" of operations and that number just rings and rings with no voice mail! Very professional. Unless you have a high tolerance for ignorance, rudeness, and the "BEST" hospitality your money can buy don't stay at this crappy hotel and if yelp would accept no stars this hotel definitely deserves it!
1	Horrible customer service and I was over charged for parking 50 a car but beacuse I was in the companys jeep and tundra and they seen the way the looked they up charged when I went to the front desk Nichole said they were only suppost charge 20 a car...and they couldnt refund me cause I had no receipt....the head of security had my reciept cause we complained to him and of course he was off at the time I complained.....Rip Off repost...re-post power of the consumer...
3	Went back again February 2014 because I purchased hotel room from HOTWIRE.com and you dont know the hotel till after you pay.   Got an amazing rate Superbowl weekend for $30/night.  The room was clean, comfy, but bathroom is small and awkward.  Not a big deal though considering price.  But once again, customer service is lacking.  I had to call several times to front desk and was put on hold for longer than 10 minutes till I finally spoke with someone.  I'd only come back if I got a hotwire secret hotel rate again, wouldn't book direct.
4	Fun...fun....fun crapless craps that was the first for me but I loved it WINNA WINNA
1	Horrible,  horrible,  horrible.  No minibar, no luggage rack, dirty.  As an independent female traveler, very unsafe. Gum in the peephole. Drain backed up in shower. Horrible place. Will Never stay there again.
4	Didnt stay here so review is for the poker room...they use electronic tables which isn't quite as good as the real thing but it allows for low/no rake and cheap tourneys ($12-$33).  David, the room manager was awesome....helped out with any questions and made us feel at home!
1	Shitty! Rude staff! We requested non - smoking room, paid over 200 a night to stay at this dump. We got stuck in a room the smelt of cigars & pot.  When we told the front desk, the lady working laughed and said " oh".   When we went to the bar, some how after signing my receipt & writing out the tip for my drinks it went up 5 more bucks on the  final receipt I  got back. My friend was siting at an out of order machine at the bar. ( we didn't want to play the games, there's just machines every where and at every seat). A ghetto woman said she needed to service the machine but was not nice about it at all...!! She said I need you to move, so then my friend was standing next to me at the bar, and I said at least grab the chair and scoot next to me while we wait, the ghetto chick, snatched it back and said she is using it to rest her paper work on... Don't see why she couldn't use the counter top on the bar.. Next we went to a second bar, and I was inquiring about what mixes well w a whiskey shot. The bar tender had no idea, I said does whiskey and culo mix ( I'm not a whiskey drinker). He said sure if that's what you want!' I said I was asking him since he was the " pro" he didn't want to help at all, and over charged us for drinks.   To add to the rude staff, my friend paid a 50 dollar deposit in cash. When we went to pick it up they gave her 27 back. The dude at the counter was insanely rude and ignored us & sent some one to get the supervisor. She tried explaining that the woman at the counter under charged our resort fee which is 25 bucks, so they are taking it out of our deposit! We paid the 25 bucks for the resort fee .. They had no proof we didn't. However we were so upset we couldn't even deal w it. So they stole for us...
4	This was my first time staying down in the old part of Vegas. Or even going to the old part of Vegas for that matter. I found a good deal for The Plaza online and figured since we were only going to be there a really short time it would be ok, even if it was a  dive. It definitely was NOT a dive. VERY nice rooms!  The bed was super comfortable and pretty big. We almost had a nice view but had a little bit of roof in the way (seems to always be my luck). Not bad at all for $50 a night. My only complaint is that the walls are really thin. The neighbor's TV was pretty loud in our room.I'd definitely stay here again though!As far as the casino goes it was just meh. We hung out down there at around 1:30-2 am and never saw a cocktail waitress the whole time. I was so thirsty we ended up just going to the room. Also it's really annoying that they do not have those little ticket redemption machines and that you have to go up to the cashier to cash out your tickets.
4	Hadn't been back to this hotel in a decade.. Pre-remodeling time and boy was I impressed. Rooms were very modernized and clean. Price was super inexpensive at that too. Def would stay again. Stayed on the north tower with a nice view of Fremont Street.
5	I was really nervous about staying at the Plaza after reading all of the reviews but I took a chance.  I was on the 11th  floor room 1102 loved it instantly, I came prepared with an air freshener because of the reviews that said there was a bad odor , I never used it all four days I was there.  The room is really big with a perfect view of Fremont street.  The coffee pot was really cool it was a kuerig single cup serve. The bed was really comfortable also . The girls at the front desk are extremely nice . The restaurants we ate at hash house a go go and Oscars steakhouse were so good but I was really impressed by the bartenders at Oscars there were two of them Steve and Kevin , we ate at the bar so we didn't have to wait for a table , these two gentleman went out of there way explaining the different dishes . The food was phenomenal but the customer service was unforgettable . There's not one thing I didn't like about the plaza and I will be staying there again .
1	Should give this place 0 stars as we booked with 15 other couples. Some they put in north tower and some in south! That's ridiculous.  Why set up a group event prior to checking in and not be accommodating??? We booked in August for a end of March event.  So sad right now. The good part of the hotel is being so close to Fremont street! Nice to walk outside and be right there. Also, no coffee maker. Went down stairs to get 2 coffees (black regular) and it was over 7 dollars. That's crazy! Not even foo foo drinks. Only staff that was nice was the bell hop when we were leaving. Older white guy (Joseph?). Very sweet and professional.
3	Stayed two nights at The Plaza and had no complaints. Room was updated and clean which was all that mattered to me. The only thing I observed that could have potentially been a problem was the lack of front desk support. Luckily, I got an early check in on a Monday and didn't have any trouble, but walked by several times and saw long lines with only two people behind the desk. Overall it was a great stay and I would recommend it to those who wish to stay downtown. If you're looking for glitz and glam, this is not the place for you. I would suggest staying at one of the mega resorts on the strip if that's what you're looking for.
5	Exceeded my expectations. For the price it was very nice. We stayed in room 816 and it overlooked the Freemont St experience. The front desk warned us it could be noisy but we were okay with that. We were out until 2 am every night so it didn't bother us. The room was very clean each day. Hash House a Go Go was delicious. We signed up to watch a 90 minute time share and received $100 in restaurant.com gift card, $100 slot play, and 2 nights free stay to use in the next 18 months (Vegas or Orlando) and we didn't purchase a time share. The pool area was nice but it has a lot of potential to be amazing. I would definitely stay again.
1	Food Poisoning being served at the McDonalds here.  When I called to notify them, they told me to contact McDonalds. When I did, the manager at McD's tried to tell me that they would be more than  happy to offer me anything else I wanted to eat.  ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?!? You really think I want to eat your food again?? Had I read these reviews before hand, I would have never stayed here...Place was a filthy ghetto shit hole to start with.  Checking in was a nightmare. Its 5pm on a Friday, and they have 1 person working the desk.  Visually, the room looks decent I will admit.  Beds are very uncomfortable, and the pillows they give you are about half the size of a normal one.  There was half a roll of toilet paper left in the bathroom, and nothing else, which was a problem after my food poisoning.. I ended up getting so sick, that I had to leave Saturday. When I checked out, I informed the manager Rosa of my food poisoning (which she showed zero compassion for). I tried to ask them if I could get a partial refund since my trip had been cut short.  I was told that since I booked through Orbitz, I would have to take it up with them.I contact Orbitz.  They contact the hotel. The hotel says that they have to talk with Rosa and to call back at 5pm.  I recontact Orbitz at 5pm.  Apparently the hotel is making Orbitz jump through all these hoops and beating around the bush. They request a fax be sent from Orbitz (Fax??? REALLY?) Is this hotel still stuck in the 80's?  Anyway, after fax was sent, I was told that accounting office was closed (of course) and that I need to recontact AGAIN the next day.  I re-contact the next day AGAIN...and wouldnt you know it, the accounting office is not answering their fucking phone, and Orbitz is told once again I need to re-contact at 3pm tomorrow. Stay tuned on if I get a refund!  In other news, I have nothing bad to say about Orbitz. They have been very professional and helpful with this pain in my ass. DO NOT STAY HERE!!!**UPDATE** Was not given refund after alot of drama trying to get the manager on the phone.  They state that since McDonalds is their tenant, its not their problem.  I told them I was shocked that they showed no compassion for their customers, and did not try at all to win me back, No comps, no offers, no nothing.  They could give two shits about you.
3	When I saw the 80 year old cocktail waitress I knew I wasn't at some fancy strip casino.  They offer a free slot tournament for new reward card members and I won $200 in free slot play.  Pretty nice.  The casino is small and a bit dingy.  The parking garage has very low clearance and is just plain ugly.  $5 to park but validate at a restaurant inside or while gambling and get that money back from the cashier.  Surprisingly good restaurants can be found inside.  Not a swanky joint but not a complete dump either.  Grateful that they agreed to be the new home of the Wranglers.
1	I reserved a room on the Plaza's website and got a great deal...or so I thought...they will nickel and dime you, tell you that they'll refund the 'deposit' you have to pay, that they don't tell you about until you're already standing in front of them, and then end up charging you incorrectly. I called and was told that it was MY mistake and that the printout from their website was in error, and therefore I was in error and there was nothing they were going to do about it. So I can do something about it...never stay with them again...AND...tell everyone about my horrid experience.Also, in the room, there were unknown pills left under the sink from previous guest(thank goodness I didn't have small children with me) AND the ceiling had what looked like food caked into it, like someone had a food fight and no one cleaned the ceiling.BEWARE!!
5	Amazing place to stay downtown. Please understand it's not the strip. If you want to spend a ton on the strip stay down there. Plaza has great rooms great price and friendly staff. Curt the host is amazing and if you call him ahead they treat you well while you stay. $5 blackjack offered. Beware other fremont hotels only pay 6 to 5 on blackjack so you get $24 for $20. That sucks. Plaza has one blackjack game where suited blackjack pays double, double on 2,3,4th card. The hash house is amazing to eat even if you want to get a beer and 5 pieces of bacon for $6. Who does that? Rock on. One meal there will feed 2-3 people. Thanks for great time and see you next year.
1	2 days after I checked out, I'm STILL getting random charges on my card from the Plaza hotel & Casino. When I called, I got the run around telling me it was an error that SHOULD have been charged when I checked out but when I had her break down exactly what I was being charged for, she couldn't explain it.I ended up disputing charges on my card and my card company refunded everything except the room fee I agreed to originally. I don't mind paying for a room, but when they start getting shady with their billing practices, that's when I tell everyone to steer clear and never spend another dime on their company again.BEWARE BEWARE BEWARE
5	Love coming to $150,000 Super Bingo Alan, Kimmy, and the whole Bingo crew are THE BEST. 2 days of Bingo fun!!. Get the package it includes a room, free slot play, bingo daubers, and dining certificates.  Sign up early and get a discount. Come join the fun.
4	iam a local try to go there 3 times a year in summer with my girlfriend have fun when you can get good price on room right on fremont street can get drunk and dont have to cross big street will continue to go there
5	I had a great time here last week. The room was new and clean.They have places to eat and good slots. Dont get the smoking if you cant handle strong ass second hand smoke . I think I stood in room 2053. Its not haunted. Super cold AC.
2	Stay at your own risk! Four items were stolen out of my car while I was parked in the parking structure! The entry way from the parking structure to the casino was disgusting! Very dirty the walls had a lot of dirty shoe prints on them. The carpet was black you couldn't even see the color any more there was trash and a diaper in the elevator! I was scared the hotel would look like that. Thank goodness the casino and hotel was clean and remodeled however I noticed it smelled like eggs or bathroom. I noticed the air freshener but it didn't cover that sewer/egg smell! I smelled that same funky bathroom/sewer smell in my room. The pipes/drain to the sink in my room smelled really bad like sewer it was gross!The electricity went out four times! When I first checked in my top and fitted sheets had several holes in them maybe moth or cigarette burn holes. The second bed had black marks on the sheets. I had several issues with housekeeping not cleaning the room. They didn't mop or sweep the bathroom they didn't clean the tub. I called housekeeping to bring towels and tissue  and two hours later I noticed they didn't come I had to call them again  When I first checked in I added two days before I knew about the problems and Front desk charged me resort fees twice for the same two days instead of putting it towards the two days I added it took them forever to find out where my money went so they could put it on the two days I added. Some of housekeeping and front desk employees were rude. Aside from bad smell and bad housekeeping the rooms are clean and remodeled its ok if you're in a Pinch, only staying for a day or two at the most, and have no other option. Expect problems! Bring everything inside your room don't leave anything in your car! Pool closes 5pm which is really inconvenient but you probably don't want to swim here any ways! There was trash, beer bottles and cigarettes on the floor of the pool entry way. Pavement coming up at the pool it looked pitiful. Go to the Golden Nugget their pool had waterfalls and a slide that goes through a fish tank and most importantly it was clean stay at the Golden Nugget instead!
5	I stayed at the Plaza this weekend and had a great time in Vegas.  We got a great deal at this hotel and I am glad it worked out so weel.  The Plaza was cool, had a great retro feel to it.   The bed was GIANT, very comfortable and the room was super quiet at night. Its true the hallways smelled of cigarrettes, but our non smoking room had no odor at all.We had a great view of downtown Las Vegas from our floor.  We had a drink at Oscar's before going out, I had an perfectly chilled martini and my husband has a delicious cocktail, but unfortuntately I cannot remember the name.  There was a great lounge band and just a really chill, retro atmosphere.   I loved being down town, and in walking distance of all the coolest bars (IMHO) in Vegas!  I would stay here again!
2	This is a strange place. The room was large. I should say that the area with the beds was large. The area of the shower and toilet was extremely small and uncomfortable. I had to hold the handle down on the toilet or it wouldnt flush. The casino has lots of empty space in it. Most casinos have table games and slot machines everywhere. Not here. It just isn't a very exciting place. I'm giving this place two stars only because the employees were polite. I wouldn't recommend this hotel. I was gambling at another casino. The dealer asked me where I was staying. When I told him that I was at the Plaza, his response was, " is that place still open"?
4	If you are looking for a fair to decent room that won't break your budget this is a good place for your dollar.  We like to spend our money doing other things then just paying for a room.  If you like the atmosphere of the strip, don't stay here.  This is downtown.  It's a revamped old school Las Vegas when rooms, food and alcohol were cheap and you spent your money having fun.  These are the original vegas hotels some built in your great grandmother's time, they are not going to look like the Aria or Bellagio.  But for us our room was clean, the room was non-smoking and we could walk right across the street to Freemont Street, do people watching, eat cheap food, buy cheap liquor, listen to tunes and hang.  Good for old school vegas people, rockers, and adult getaways.  I'm also a parent, so I would advise staying someplace else if you have kids.
3	I stayed here from 3/28-3/30 and I was pleasantly surprised when I got here. Check-in was great. Nice friendly staff and very fast. I got a room in the North Tower which is right by the main entrance, very convenient.The room was great. Very spacious and clean. The only thing i didnt like about the room was the size of the bathroom. yeah it has a toilet and shower but man it is so tight in there.The Casino was nothing special but it gets the job done. Friendly dealers and staff all around. The slot machines seemed pretty loose if thats what your game of choice is. The sports book is also nothing special but there are lots of drunk rowdy gamblers hanging there. I was watching the NCCA basketball games at the bar there which had pretty nice drink specials and some guy passed out right on the floor there. Steer clear if youre not gambling on sports.I was able to eat at the taco shop on the first floor there. Its pretty good mexican food and great prices.All in all it was a great hotel
1	Terrible atmosphere. Felt like I was in a freak show with the type of people staying there. No one was dressed up and everywhere you went it smelled of cigarettes. Room had a stale sense to it and bathroom was way too small. Casinos were old and food was bad as well.
1	Saying this hotel is below average is kind. The rooms are old and small. The people at this hotel are ignorant. Overall stay anywhere but here there are a lot better options out there!
5	My buddy had booked rooms at the Plaza for a guys trip to Vegas.  After reading some of the reviews on here, I was a bit scared of what this place might be.When we arrived, we were greeted by very friendly staff.  The front desk crew were very nice and pleasant to work with, they even offered us upgraded rooms.  The rooms and interior of the hotel were clean.  I'm not sure why some of the previous reviews say the place reeks, or is filthy.  Our room was nice, clean and didn't reek of smoke or the last guests romps in the hay.  The maid service was great and they kept the place clean every day we were there.The casino was nice too.  Slots looser than a two dollar whore. (I'm sure if you wandered off Fremont St, you could find one.)  Blackjack and poker too.  All staffed with the nicest of dealers.  No skimpy cladded women here, that's one drawback, but that's OK.  I was there to make money, not friends. As guests of the Plaza, we were given a coupon book for tons of match play.  As rollers, we had a host.  F. Curtiss.  That guy was awesome.  He cared about how our stay was and treated us like royalty.  The food choices are awesome too.. A Mexican restaurant, McDonald's and the Hash House.  Hash House has portions to keep Notorious B.I.G. (RIP) happy and costs less than the amount of change you'll find in your ashtray.All in all, my experience at The Plaza was better than any other place I've stayed in Vegas.  Yes, it's not a flashy "Strip" motel.  Who cares?  If you want flashy, and want to get kicked in the nuts while the other casinos steal your wallet, go ahead, stay somewhere like the WYNN.  If you want a place with nice staff, good eats, and clean rooms, then book away at The Plaza.  I'm sorry for all the negative reviews this place has gotten.  I'd guess these people expected more than reality, or got beat in the casino worse than a rented mule on logging day.  I'm looking forward to next year's Vegas trip and my stay at The Plaza.
3	After we booked our reservations at the Plaza I decided to check their reviews.  I was freaked out and wanted to cancel my reservations due to the negative reviews.  I'm glad I hadn't!!! We loved it here.  We're not a fan of crowds and this hotel had no crowd.  It wasn't a ghost town but it was fairly easy to sit down at a table or to get a spot at the crap table.  My husband and I love to play craps and this was the only downtown casino that had crapless craps.  We loved it! They have a good amount of food eateries to choose from in their hotel.  The only thing ghetto about this hotel is that it is located next to the grayhound station.  We wern't bothered by it but some people may be.  We will definitely be back!
2	Supposedly they went thru a renovation.  I think they forgot the south tower.  The carpet is straight from the 50s and hasn't been updated (it's *very* tacky).  The bed was too hard to sleep on.  I won't be staying here again.
5	ESME rocks!!!! Great casino host and made the trip fun!! Awesome food and super bars, this is the spot that the classy gamers hang out at. I actually won money on Let it ride.  Nice rooms, the place to stay at Down town!!
4	This is one of my favorites. I usually choose to stay here when I come downtown. Check in is usually a breeze,  the rooms are very clean.  The casino looks and smells clean and is an overall greal experience.oh and they have Direct TV ....you win
1	Horrible experience, not family friendly, money grubbing, and dirty at the Plaza..  I booked a room for 3 nights in March for the weekend of 5/23/14 for a festival for my family (including 2 teens and a 3 year old).   The first night I got woke up at 4:30 am by a party next door (not a big deal), but I had my 3 year old with me.  I called room service and was on hold for 20 minutes before I decided I had to walk down (that was the big deal).  I was greeted by a disgruntled manager who looked as if I was bothering him, and who offered nothing but to have security go up and an explanation of, "they were on break".  Really, in a large hotel like that they can't get someone to cover the phones at the front desk?  The next day they moved our room, which was good because it had a dirty shower curtain and writing all over the bathroom door as well.  Also, the ice machine on our floor was broken.  Also, they have no jacuzzi in the hotel, the rooftop pool has no shade and really cheap chairs, and was so dirty the whole time that none of us would dare go in the pool.  You couldn't even see the bottom it was so cloudy and dirty.  The sheets were soft, I guess that was a good thing.They next morning I went to talk to a manager because I know night staff can be ...less interested in customer service than day staff.  This proved true, she was pretty helpful.  She offered a later checkout, a new room, a credit in their restaurant, and a fridge so I could keep the baby's drinks cold.    She said we could just leave the keys in the room and go when we wanted to checkout.  Good thing I went down to make sure the credit had been issued.My issue was that they tried to charge me almost $300 on checkout for my kids, after I'd already paid over $320 for the rooms when I booked.  I talked them out of charging me for the baby, but it still brought it down to over $150 in additional fees after they put the food credit on as well.  I also told them I had purchased a room for 3 nights for my friend and that she never made it.  I asked them to remove the $20 per night fee for each teenager since she my friend never came and I paid for her room on my card and showed them the confirmation email!!!!  It was for two people and they were charging me for 2.   It was supposed to be an affordable family fun vacation, but the only good part was that my cousin was staying at the Golden Nugget and got us in to their amazing pool, where we spent each day and had a blast.
3	My wife and I visited Las Vegas during Memorial Day weekend. We visited this casino several times. My wife won money playing bingo and I won money playing video poker. The casino is nice and has good ventilation. The staff(waitresses, bingo runners, dealers) were very friendly. We did not stay in the Hotel because they charge "resort fees." As much gambling as we do, we do not feel that we should have to pay resort fees. We stayed at another Fremont Street Hotel/Casino that does not believe in this "resort fee" garbage. If the Plaza ever stops this resort fee nonsense, then we would love to stay here.
4	I gauge my ratings based on if I'd come back to an establishment or not. 1 star = HELL NO. 2 stars = No, thanks. 3 stars = maybe?. 4 stars = YEP. 5 stars = HELL YEAH! I'll gladly be back; I was pleasantly surprised by how this Hotel/Casino was.First of all, I think everyone is having a false premonition that since it's Vegas, it should be big and shiny.  This is Fremont in downtown...not the Strip.  There's a big difference.  Think...RENO HOTELS.  That's what you're getting at The Plaza, and that's not a bad thing for me.Staff was fairly nice and accommodating.  Rooms were decent at the price I paid for them.  Gaming there was fun and entertaining.  Cocktails were strong and good tasting (probably the best cocktails I received in a casino to date!)Overall, 4 stars, not quite the 5 star shininess you'll find on the strip, but for what I paid for it, I'm not complaining.
5	Clean rooms. Courteous staff. Great food choices. Can't complain for less than $50 a night. I've read the other reviews, and those that gave this hotel one star are deluded. They want Bellagio-quality for a dime. The other thing I've noticed among the low-raters are issues with reservations. And if you read their long reviews, any grade schooler can surmise that it is totally the fault of these uneducated guests. You can't fix stupid. I used to stay at the Bellagio and Caesar's Palace. But I realized I could get high quality for dirt cheap in downtown LV.No complaints here. By the way, Hash-A-Go-Go is the bomb! :D
5	Love that Decor in our room and our room is faces the Fremont experience so far great!!
1	Rooms are small, small bathroom. No fridge or microwave, 3 pillows on a king bed and a very thin comforter. Parking is a long walk from elevators inside. The ice machine is not located on every floor.
4	I've never stayed downtown and so I was a bit nervous having chosen this hotel when it's not what I'm use to. My flight was delayed about 2 hours and was worried I wouldn't get a room but just a phone call away, they assured me I would be alright. I arrived and got my room. Although I had asked for a 1 king bed, they were out so I got 2 kings instead. I was on the top floor which was nice and quiet. The view did suck but what can you expect at the price and location. It was a nice room overall, but once again you get what you pay for on the price range, the bathroom could have been cleaned better but other than that the room set up was nice. A vintage kind of look to it.  They casino was nice and so were some of the food joints. Overall it was a good experience. Different.
1	I'm sure this post will be deleted as I would bet many posts like it have been deleted in the past. I plan to post this many times in hopes it reaches some people at least. I'm done spending my time trying to make things right. DON'T STAY HERE UNLESS YOU LIKE EXTRA CHARGES ON YOUR CREDIT CARD FROM THE FRONT DESK. I have been calling them over the last couple weeks. Some people at the front desk couldn't verify what the charge was for. I am assuming all of their staff is very uneducated from the level of service I have received from ALL of them. Today I was told it was for a late checkout which is a mistake on their end or a shady business tactic. After speaking with their fantastic (sarcasm for antagonistic) staff today and being put to a useless voice mail several times over the last couple weeks I AM CERTAIN THEY ARE A SHADY BUSINESS. The Plaza is obviously a giant crap hole which is kind of why I liked staying there (its cheap). I'm not sure if there are new owners, but I have enjoyed staying here many times in the past. My last experience, however, was horrible from booking a reservation with them until now. I WILL NEVER STEP FOOT ON THEIR PROPERTY AGAIN. SAVE YOURSELF THE HEADACHE AND AVOID THE PLAZA AT ALL COSTS!!!
4	When I received an invitation in the mail for 3 Free Nights,  I was really excited about staying at a "new" place.  I could not remember the last time I was here. ..about 8 years ago? The free, covered parking is a plus. The entrance is a bit tricky as you find the ramp up and show your room key to the guard. It's not the cleanest or safest place because the bus terminal is right next door. The lobby is spacious with many sofas for guests to rest and wait for friends to check in.  The line was long a few times I passed by. The coffee shop, Hash House A Go Go,  Subway, and other eating places are nearby. There are Asian/Feng Shui touches such as the red and black accents,  orchid arrangements,  cherry blossom tree,  chrysanthemum print carpet,  and bamboo-like sectionals.My room was in the South Tower,  so I dragged my luggage through the uncluttered casino.  I was greeted by 2 bottles of complimentary water and the smell of fresh paint and new carpet. There was an unplugged refrigerator in the room which the housekeeper removed after we figured out that the previous guest had paid for it but maintenance didn't remove it. The air conditioner was noisy, but functional. The bathroom looked great with the modern,  raised sink, but on further inspection, it was a challenge.  The top of the sink was 2 inches above my navel...good height for me, but not for a shorter person. There was limited counter space and no towel rack...only one for the hand towel, located below the sink. There was no soap dish or anywhere to put shampoo in the shower. It was a juggling act to maneuver between the wall and the toilet to close the bathroom door because the bathroom is really tiny!Maybe the renovation is not done ...As evidenced by the hair dryer not mounted on the wall (see photo).  The dark colored paint on the walls are contemporary,  but not practical since the dings from past guests stand out more. The furniture had a simple, basic theme. I was going to rate the Plaza 3 stars, but I believe that the location is great and cosmetic improvements like paint touch ups installatio of towel racks and soap dish can be done!
4	Las habitaciones muy buenas caja de seguridad  limpias el espacio es muy acojedor lo negativo es primero la piscina esta en 7piso hay de ti cuando el sol del desierto se enfrenta a ti vez a todos tapandose la cara con toallas blancas porque no hay espacios para bebes.el escandalo en los pasillos de las habitaciones son las 3am y un borracho grita malas palabras en inglesh habia olor a mariguana en el pasillo .no tienen contador de centavos asi que si vas por 3 o 4 dias debes ir al golden gate jugar alli y sacar tu tarjeta del hotel para cambiar en mi caso 22dolares .la maquina de hielo del piso 9 debes bajar al piso 8 .algunos servicios del hotel  son muy adsurdos en mi  entender que tengas que ir a otro hotel sale mejor hospedarse  en otro.
1	5 friends playing blackjack at one table. Dealer did not know rules of game she was dealing. 1 1/2 pay on BJ, she insisted and payed as 1 on BJ, pit boss eventually noticed and corrected. Dealer then unable to remember 3 BJ at table realy? WTF its a pit don't go.
1	The check in here is terrible. Realistically waited 30 min to check in. Only 1 counterdesk worker working.
1	This is by far the worse hotel I have stayed in! The rooms are filthy and smelly!  When we first went  in to  the restroom it was dirty and had hair all over the place.  Would not stay at this hotel again.
4	Loved it! Im glad I didnt listen to everyone else's advice. Nice sized room, overall clean & no old cigarette smoke smell in the room. Its obvious this hotel is still under renovations, my only negative, bathroom sink kept backing up, towel rack was missing screws, so when you wiped your face, you got the rack along with the towel. Hair dryer was inop and the floor had hairballs stuck in the carpet when I got to the room.Aside from that,  I'd highly recommend staying! Its definitely not as glamorous as the hotels on the strip, but its great to me!
3	Stayed one night in the middle of the week. Chose this hotel because it seemed like the best "bang-for-buck" hotel. Seemed to take a while to check in, but OK whatever not paying a lot. The room and bathroom were clean. I liked that we were across the street from the Fremont Experience without being ON Fremont Street.To park in the garage, you need to pay $5 upfront, then when you check in, they stamp your ticket, and THEN you have to go over to the [casino] cashier and they'll give you your $5 back. At the front desk you can also get a pass to come back into the garage without paying again.
4	Our room was clean, the beds were comfy, they offer Wi-Fi and we had a nice view of the Strip.  For the price, we couldn't ask for more!
1	Parking sucks. No AC in the elevators.We stayed in the South Tower which is located on the other end of the lobby.  If you need to stay here, please do yourself a favor and select the rooms near the Lobby.  Back to the south tower review, once entering the room I could smell a wet moldy stench. Turned on the AC and the unit would start to rattle and make a horrible sound.  The TV doesn't even have a display of your current channels or the ability to check out from. In the bathroom, there were no extra towels to use as a bath rug. To top this review off the pillows on the bed smelt really bad.  I guess for the amount I paid $39, I can't complain.  But I have stayed at Circus in Reno for the same price which was SLIGHTY better.Anyhow will definitely takemy business elsewhere.
3	First time staying here The rooms are really nice and spacious . Everything looks new except for the bathroom . I gave it 3 starts because i found undies and socks behind the bed ..YUCK ! I would stay here again i love Fremont !Can't complain though we got it comped !
2	We chose The Plaza for our stay in Vegas for two reasons, the first is it sits at the end of Fremont Street and second, I loved Back to the Future and The Plaza was the exterior of Biff Tannen's Pleasure Paradise.This hotel is old, so don't expect the same level of classiness you'd see at Aria or Bellagio.  When pulling onto the garage, which will cost you $5 if you don't check in first and get your parking pass (they refund the $5 dollars at check in), the garage is dingy and dirty.  The elevators to the casino floor are disgusting.  I was having second thoughts as soon as we saw the duck tapped carpeting in the elevator waiting area off the garage.The garage is no where close to the front desk, so if you don't drop off someone in front, expect a long trek through the casino from the parking garage to the front desk.  Check in was fairly smooth and they include a coupon book at check in.The whole casino floor smells like someone got spray happy with the Fabreeze.  Once we entered our room, we were very pleasantly surprised.  The room was recently remodeled, so everything felt fresh and new, though the use of space was odd and clunky.  The toilet/shower area was tiny and impossible to open the bathroom door while standing normally inside.  A wall safe was provided, however it was not operating properly so I called down and they sent up a tech and security to repair it.  They "repaired" it, however we were told the battery was low, but we "should be ok".  Why didn't they just replace it while they were there?  The shower stopper was broken, so we had to lodge a tube of the complimentary soap under it to make sure the tub would drain.  The following day, the drain was clogged and we called again for a tech, who came up immediately and unclogged the tub.  They also removed the broken stopper, but failed to replace it.  The tech also placed the plunger on the toilet lid, leaving gross water, but failed to clean it off.  He also didn't wear gloves and touched the door handle without washing his hands.On our second to last day there, we returned to our room to discover something was taken from our room.  We reported the theft to the front desk and filled out a report, however we have to call to find out the results of their investigation.  We were not offered not any comps or a discount at check out for the theft, they just apologized when we mentioned it.The room appeared clean when we checked in, however we started to notice long black hairs (not matching my wife or I's hair) all over the floor and even in the bed, leading me to think they don't change the sheets after each guest checks out or vacuum daily.The hotel does have a few places to eat in the lobby that are not bad.  Hash House A Go Go is fantastic, though a little pricey (it's worth it).  They also have a Subway and McDonald's but Zabba's is the real treasure for a cheap bite.If you're looking for a cheap hotel without any frills, The Plaza will suit your needs, however next time we'll opt for a little higher priced hotel to ensure the safety of our personal items and a clean room.
1	As a local who has stayed here once before, I thought it would be a good spot for some friends and I to crash on a Saturday night to give them a feel for downtown Vegas. Never again. Check-in was painful. My expectations are relatively low to begin with when it comes to Vegas hotel check-ins, but even this fell short. The employee was cold, never looked at me when speaking to me, and couldn't have seemed less interested in the fact that I needed a room with 2 queen sized beds. She told me I got 1 king and that was that. The valet parking situation was a mess. Saw a sign that said "valet full" and then was ignored by all valet employees. Was sent to a self-park garage where I managed to find one of 3 remaining spots on the top level. We were put on the 18th floor which smelled like mold combined with someone smoking pot. The "junior suite" they gave me was no different than your standard hotel room if you remove the double door entry - really impressive, I know. I called down the front desk to, again, see if there was something we could do about the bed situation and I was greeted with an incredibly rude employee who said all they could and would do for me was send a rollaway. Upon receiving the rollaway we were given 1 very old, dirty blanket and were told they were all out of pillows. Really? All out of pillows in a hotel?Bottom line, I won't return nor will I send anyone there again. Take your chances somewhere else downtown or spend the extra money and stay at the Golden Nugget.
1	they had the WORST OLD waitress I have ever dealt with in my life! Blonde OLD lady with a cocky attitude! She was RUDE as hell! She would be the main reason I will never go to this hotel again!!!
4	Surprised by my good visit! If you want to stay downtown, this is the place to do it. Lots of fun, old school Vegas feel going on here.Great location relative to Fremont Street. Prices are reasonable and the rooms are large, clean, with interesting furniture and carpet patterns. My only issue was the inconsistency of the AC. On a previous visit, the room was freezing. On my most recent visit, the AC was turned to max cool but the room was still pretty warm.Make sure to ask for a room in the north tower. The elevators for the north tower are right next to the check in desk, so the walk is super short and you can get a nice view of Fremont Street if your floor isn't too high up (higher than the 16th floor).The payouts at the tables are good, too (higher than many places we visited on the strip). There's a restaurant, food court, and a little cafe that make dining easy.I would stay here again.
1	Only reason they got 1 star is because it's required to post a review. This was a horrible stay and would never return to this place. Check in was horrible took about an hour to speak with someone. The room was ok at best but the service was terrible. The first morning our room was not cleaned and we needed to call for service which never came. Second day came and trash had not been taken out so I had to take it out myself and request more toilet paper and towels cause again no service. Called for service and got bounced around from excuse maker to excuse maker with no solutions. Finally the room got cleaned at the end of the second day. It was nearly impossible to reach anyone at the hotel when calling from outside of the hotel, their automated system always hangs up on u. It was so bad we checked out early and stayed one where else. We asked for a bellhop to assist with our bags and they said they were closed and could not even provide a cart for our luggage. We complained to a manager who only provided us with a "we will investigate that and we can comp u a breakfast", no body wants Ur effen breakfast, we were out of there. Horrible experience, don't ever stay here.
1	They have a fairly old casino.  The poker can be interesting with the software driven style game eliminating the dealer.  But I have to say, the host lost control when he created a second table with the alternates before the break.  Then alternates went into the first game creating a ton of chaos.  Terrible experience and will never go again to this casino.There is something about the software and prices that attracts beginners, which is good, but at the same time, they need to understand rules and stick with them,  They failed to do that and I can't recommend this place.  Plus the software may be fixed, just saying we don't know.
2	Tell me why check in took 1 hour at 9 o'clock at night when check in is at 3 o'clock? And why is there only 1 person doing the check ins? Other than that the room was a good size for two beds... Lots of little off restaurants that are very that are convenient on the go... Bathroom is small but eh ok... You can just feel that the hotel used to be old Oh and let me tell you about the TV!!! I've never experienced a flat screen tv that looked nice but was completely opposite it was soooooooo sloooooooow to change the channel! I had no idea what was going on And the people... Were kinda weird we had our two year old child with us whom we were carrying and random people just kept talking to us using cuss words and saying things that were inappropriate... I was surprised because they had no regard that we had our child with us.For a kid friendly hotel, was not "kid friendly" during our booking experience I requested a crib no crib. Smh
1	Long line to check in all Friday night. 1 hour wait to get room keys. Elevators slow and hot as a sauna. The "remodeled" bathrooms kinda suck, supper hot due to no fan or AC vent, no towel racks, no soap dish, and only one towel. Every floor and inside the rooms smelled like a sewer, literally. Renovated rooms? Did they get their building materials from a used mobile home and who was the contractor that did the loose, sparking electrical outlets? Then 30 minutes to get car from Valet.
1	Long line to check in all Friday night; 1 hour wait to get room keys. The whole floor smelled like a sewer. "Renovated" rooms? No towel rack, exhaust van, or soap dishes in the bathroom. Also no AC vent so the bathroom was like a sauna. Plugged in my cellphone charger and the loose outlet sparked. Looks like the trailer park manager did their to model!
4	First time staying at a hotel off of the strip. It did not disappoint! It's right across the street from the Fremont Street Experience. Waiting in the check in line took quite long but it was understandable considering it was a busy weekend. Stayed in a a room with a double bed and I have to admit, it was quite spacious for what we paid, which was a deal itself for three nights. The staff was very friendly every time we needed something and prompt too. I would definitely stay here again.The only thing I didn't like was that the bath tub had shower curtains instead of doors. The bathroom was also very small.
3	This place is worth the stay, but it's very average, plain and boring. On the plus side it has some of the best quick food places inside. Right across the street are the "party pits" and fun times! The plaza seems old and outdated and very boring. Also the Texas hold'em tournament was not great since the worker was playing with us instead of providing service? Tv in room very small, alarm clock didn't work, dirty carpet and a view of the parking complex, pool had no towels and no jacuzzi.
4	Nice old classic Vegas, near the Freemont street experience and main street station casino. A downtown classic a little past it's prime, but so am I.
2	This place stinks really bad D: the only nice part of the hotel is the mcdonalds. But I'm giving two stars to the two sweetest host in  front of the lobby have us tickets to an $80 show(;
1	Casino smells like shit and carpet cleaner, security are assfucks not letting passing guests use waiting room with no one there.
2	The Plaza is a renovated dump.The two towers were renovated a year or two ago so the rooms don't creep you out like I am sure they did not too long ago... but the rest of the hotel feels like its a tenement.The elevators to the parking garage haven't been cleaned in about 30 years. The pool is so bad that on a 110F Sunday afternoon I spotted two people in the pool from the room. The tennis courts are unusable and they look like they've been that way for decades (http://j.mp/1sPN2lk).Oh, and you talk about lipstick on a pig? How about perfume for a smoky casino?Ugh!Dear reader, I was comped a free room for three nights... yet, somehow, I feel paid too much.I think my soul is still curled in the fetal position. Sigh...
5	First off let me say this post is a little long but well worth the read of some of my experiences at The Plaza Downtown.   I see some negstive reviews posted hereBut, here is some of my experiences with The Plaza.. My brother and I always make our reservations to  stay at The Plaza in downtown Las Vegas. Tonight is no different.  I called my Executive Casino Host Paul (who has been at The Plaza nearly 30 years) He was away from his desk. 20 minutes later he called me back & greated me with HI SCOTT how's everything & what can I do for you this evening? (Which he makes you feel special. As I'm sure he deals with thousands of people a year) I said hello again Paul my brother & I would like a room from September 14 - 18th. I gave him my rewards card # and he said let me see how I can help you Scott? He came back a minute later & said ok Scott you & brother are all set again for the 14th -18th with everything the same as last time. I've already emailed your confirmation.    OH! and Scott, you still have my cell # right? He said next time you can't reach me at my desk call my cell phone anytime. (Which again makes you feel special) Not only did he take care of my needs in less than 10 minutes the great service doesn't stop at him. It trickles down to all the gals who run the rewards counter as well as the other hotel staff.   When we are there we walk up to the rewards counter and are greated by VERY polite and courteous reward hosts. I show my card & they say hi Scott what can we do for you.  I haven't ever had a problem they couldn't solve for me. From casino play to reward benefits etc. If they can't solve it they don't sluff you off. Those gals will go the extra mile to find their supervisor and find the solution for me and make it right.   Yes, we could stay anywhere on the strip where everything is conveniently located to one another. That are big new places But, The plaza employees we have dealt with over the years mske up for that. They ALWAYS treat us like high rollers even though we are just the average working class who go to Las Vegas a few times a year for some relaxation & fun.  Again I add, yes it's not a new and swanky hotel. But, from the time you check in to the time you check out everyone is professional and courteous.  Unlike the strip were you are just a regular player & # to them. Believe me when I say, I know this from first hand experience. Some places I will never step foot in again.   So, if your just average people like my brother & I looking for an all around good fun low key experience in Las Vegas from check in to check out. The Plaza Downtown is definitely a place worth checking out.   One last thing in closing. They love & welcome new customers and the rewards center gals ALWAYS have special promotions & benefits for first timers. You don't have to be be a high rollers (penny slots for me) to get GREAT rewards & free stuff. Everyone is treated equal from newbies to regulars.
4	Rooms are very nicely furnished. Super comfortable beds, everything pretty new.Good restaurants w/ Hash House a GoGo and Oscars.Louie Anderson is hillarious! Like the sportsbook. Wish they had Bacarrat or live poker.
5	Loved my trip here! The hotel is a bit older, but some great updates have been made! The price was great and the location is AWESOME! Right near Fremont, but tucked in a corner enough for it to be quiet when you want to sleep!  The staff was also awesome. Only complaint I had was that the towels were a bit scratchy, but what hotel towels aren't?! Will definitely stay here again!!!
4	This place is pretty great rooms a bit better then others here on Fremont this is our go to hotel.
5	O.k. too many PLAZA HATERS. I stayed at the Plaza this past weekend. LOVED the whole experience. The elevators work fine, FREE Valet, My check in was fast, and the complaints on the bathroom sinks being too high? Um, unless you are under 4 feet I don't know what the issue would be? They are raised sinks but nothing to CRY ABOUT. Our room was clean and cool.  The T.V. in my room worked fine.YES there was a long line for CHECK IN -  it was FRIDAY at 3 p.m. but, honestly it moved fast! I think 15 minutes tops is what I waited to check in. Overall my husband and I would recommend the PLAZA and we will be back! Oh, and The Hash House .... YUM! My only gripe there would be maybe serve some bread before the meals? VIVA LAS VEGAS!!!
1	Expected more than a broken toilet bowl lid and a dripping ceiling all over casino floor. Never coming here again. Don't even have a coffee maker
1	Food is real bad and they need more people at check in but we love coming here the people are nicer since they reopen we love playing bingo and all the callers are nice expect for the bingo manager he's loud and rude we came once and he was yelling and arguing with someone we could hear him across the room and one time I won and he came over I said something to my husband and he told me shush and today he was talking so loud we couldn't hear the caller they need to do something about him
4	The hotel location is great. Right in the heart of downtown. Across the street from fremont experience.They have a hash house a go-go which is a good restaurant with HEARTY dishes. There its about quality and quantity! Last night is checked out their new show LIMELIGHT! loved it. Its what vegas shows are supposed to be like. In a city filled with cirque shows everywhere its nice to see high energy dancing with real singers and comedy elements. Its only there for 2 months before they move on. Definitely check it out if you get a chance.
2	What a disappointing little place. Even after remodeling. I have no sense of smell but can say for certain that 8 different people commented on how bad it smells from the lobby all the way to floor 10. One friend that visited thought she smelled gas, it smelled that bad.The bed was hard. We had to wait in line behind two women screaming about how rude the valets were when we checked in (nice first impression). Waited over an hour for an extra pillow I called for, but had to walk down to the front desk in the end or it was never coming; they had no record of my call.Even the McDonalds in the lobby was horrible; Rude, slow and half our meal wound up in the trash because it was old and inedible. Though, I will say that the Plaza does not own them, so the quality of the crap we tried to eat was not their fault.Save your money. Stay someplace else, we will from now on.No coffee maker in the room. No fridge. Expect no amenities.
4	I booked this hotel for EDC weekend. We didn't go to EDC but it was the best weekend to go because the strip and Fremont St. was empty! It was reasonably priced also. We have never stayed at this hotel but I will recommend this place to anybody. It's right at the end of Fremont Street. The lobby was renovated and looked up to date. There was some restaurants to choose from for those late nights snacks.The casino was a decent size. I'm more of a black jack player and I didn't do so well at the tables. I did better somewhere else. The room was decent. But since we didn't spend much time in there,  it was perfect. You can here some of the music from down below, but it didn't bother my wife and I. The pool was scary! There was an open bar. It was just a random hotel guy mixing vodka and orange juice and selling some beers. The view was cool, because you can see the Strip and Fremont Street from the pool. But if you will stomp your feet in the pool, you get this eerie rumble since the pool is in the 7th floor. I didn't like that. Overall it was a great experience.  The location was awesome. Service was great. Wish they had room service though. I recommend all to stay here.
2	Do yourself a favor and be cautious while staying here. First of all, hidden charges galore...This has been a problem in the past but I figured an extra $10 or $20 charge, no big deal. This last time, about $30 in unexplained charges. They were unable to explain them either, seems legit right? The invoice has a price completely different. Upon check in, was asked if non smoking was okay. I said no and they gave me a non smoking anyways. I marched back downstairs and they had to move me to a smoking. They have selective hearing, apparently. Next, upon having entering the smoking room which was the same as the non smoking one except one floor higher, I was surprised just how poorly the smoking rooms are maintained. It is pretty standard across all smoking rooms I have been in in Las Vegas though..to put all the scratched up, mutilated furniture in the smoking rooms. The thing that made me unhappiest was that they may have bed bugs. I did not see them, but my legs were awfully itchy after having slept in that bed. The bed skirt had what appeared to be male bodily fluids on it. I did not mind staying here before, but after overcharging me, there is no benefit of staying here over elsewhere.
1	Stayed there in March 2014 in one of the penthouse suites. There was trash and a cigar left on the patio and the tub to the walk in shower was broken.  About a week after my stay they charged my visa card for a second day when I had reserved and stayed only one day. I left well before checkout time. To top it off they they refused to reverse the charge. Visa took care of that for me. This hotel is garbage and i will not ever stay there again.
1	Where do i begin, first off let me say, i originally booked through cassablanca express, and had a room at the rivera but they said this hotel was an upgrade that it had been remodeled etc, so i said hey what the hell.. I  stood in line for like 40 mins to check in, they only had two women at the front and  a line of 20.my room was located in the North Tower, however, for self park it only lets you out on the "south" side. meaning you have to constantly walk a mile to and from car to park walking up to room LOUD foul odor, not cool! Room was nice size small TV with 3 working channels, no closet, small bathroom, when i tried to take shower pipes were so loud the entire time, no hot water in shower, in the bathroom the sink had no cold water, shit damn near gave me second degree burns!! loud ass air conditioner.. bed was ok. 3 small and i do mean small pillows lol really with a king bed?so i wanted to go to pool. check in is at 3pm WTF does the pool close at 5pm? really? just really?Casino was ok. played blackjack most of the time there. and seemed as if dude thought i was counting cards or something the way he never took eyes off my table (crazy shit)i think it was rigged lol i was up one sec, and before you know it. dealer just seemed to get the perfect had every time.. cray!Overall i would say that they have some more work to do with the renovation. the smell before you even get to the room and the pipes and water thing was overkill for me. hopefully that gets fixed!
5	Part 2 of our trip to the Plaza Hotel in Las Vegas.Again a little lenghty but worth the read.  We arrived and there was a huge line. But,  because I'm a club member we went to a line with nobody in it. We got checked in under 5 minutes. Then I went to rewards center to receive a new card as I had lost mine. Leticia was there to great me and welcomed me back. She gave me a new card and added my free play on my card that was part of my package Paul Utell set up for me. Daily slot play for my 4 night stay.  I emediataly started gaming and Paul walked by and stopped to say hello. I might add these people see 10's of 1000's of people come through their doors. The mere thought of them remembering me is astonishing. The next morning we ate at Hash House a Go Go. We had Marilyn this time. What a sweet and bubbly person who took the time to get to know us. Our waitress from April Corrine come over and said long time no see and gave me a hug. Later I went to receive my free slot play again & Kady helped me out this time. Leticia walked up and said hello.   Tonight for dinner we ate again at Hash House a Go Go. Eric was our waiter and I had talked with him and Rebecca the night before to get a dinner menu to see what they had. They were ready to close but stood there giving me some dinner suggestions. I did take him up on his chose for dinner.   I have to mention someone VERY special. Her name is Monyetta (MO) she is the lead slot ambassador.  She recognized me the 1st night and came to give me a hug and say hello. I bumped into her ever night I was playing. If you EVER need anything after 1am when rewards desk is closed ask for MO. You can't miss her she's the one walking around checking on everybody with a HUGE smile. She can do almost anything and will within her power.   ..   Tonight is our final night here and I'm packing up for our drive home. But 1st I stopped off to get my last slot free play for the day from Nichol. (to try and recoupe some of my losses)  She's the one always smiling too and ready to help anyway she can and to say good bye to paul and make sure we were all squared up with everything. Also to thank him for all he does for me before, during, & after my stay. He's such a busy guy like I mentioned but sat to talk with me a few minutes with my new friend Curtis (who is also a Executive slot host.) They both said why are you leaving so soon? Unfortunately lady luck wasn't good to me these past 4 days I said. Him & Paul both said call either of us when your coming back and we will make sure your trip goes as Smooth as always Scott. (Here again  I have to add I am a penny slot player only.) But the Rewards Center treats me like I'm a high roller.  I also used some of my points to get a voucher for a midnight snack at Subway. Nichol was closing up but stayed open to get my voucher. A BIG THANKS NICHOL!!!  They also have a new program where they will match your slot club tier from another Casino. I tell you all this and ramble on a bit because I used to stay on the strip and did not get nowhere near the treatment I receive here at The Plaza. (It doesn't matter how much you spend. A few hundred or a few thousand) To them your just a number and here you are a name. That's why the Plaza will earn my business in April when I return, and there after.   Thanks EVERYONE at the Plaza for another wonderful trip and BOO to lady luck. I wish she would of been as nice as my friends at the Plaza. In closing I know most of us like to stay on the strip next to everything within walkin distance. But The Plaza is worth a try. I was skeptical at 1st too. But I tell you this I never left the hotel or Fremont street Experience. In my honest opinion the payouts are much better downtown. Thank for checking out my post. I know it's a little long. But, I wanted you to read all about my pleasurable trip and experiences at the Plaza and all the great people that work there. GIVE IT A TRY ONCE. You will be back...
1	Stayed here only because they sent me and my girlfriend 3 free nights. The rooms were decent for being free. Small restroom. It's so tight in there that you can barely close the door. There is about a 1 cm space between the door and toilet bowl when you try to shut the door. We stayed at the north tower 3rd floor. And apparently there was a broken pipe of something last week. It smelled like fecal matter from the bingo room all the way to the north tower rooms. Horrible. I played at the tables the first night when we came and did not have a good time. There were literally 4 people playing total at the tables. After after an hour of playing against the dealer by myself, I felt so bored and just went back to my room. The first black jack deal was of Indian decent. She kept asking for tips. I would win 3-4 hands in a roll and she would straight out ask "hey are you gonna tip me? You've been winning a lot of hands". Isn't tipping an option? What if I lost? Was she going to tip me back? And winning 3 hands in a roll isn't going to make me a millionaire. The second lady was even worse. She dealt cards to me for 30 minutes and did NOT say a word. When I asked her if I should split or double, she shrugs her shoulders. Really? I don't think I will come back to this hotel. I'm glad it was free.
3	Not a good place to stay in Vegas!  We arrived at Vegas around 12:30 pm on a Friday night, we had to wait more than an hour just to check in.  We were so tired that we just wanted to get to our room.  The check in process was slow and inefficient. Even they renovated the hotel, the hotel still feels dated.  The room feels dirty and uncomfortable. I will not recommend people to stay here for Vegas.  There's a lot of nicer hotels around.
2	My wife and I went to see Doug Stanhope at the Plaza on 9/27/14.  We have stayed at there multiple times and it was a good value.  They dropped the ball for this show though.  There was one portable bar and one cocktail waitress for a sold out event.  If you know the first thing about Stanhope you know he and his fans like to drink.  The poor bartender had no support while she serviced the line of people that snaked throughout the show room. She was angry and frustrated and she had every right to be that way.  In the middle of the show her CO2 canister went empty and started making that terrible swish swish sound.  Doug had to stop the show and ask what was going on.  There was no one there to restock her or get her a new tank. I heard her telling a customer, "we're out of beer".  So the Plaza left thousands of dollars on the table, messed up a show, and did not serve their guests.
3	For a Cheap hotel and Casino thats downtown at the end of the fremont strip. Not a bad little hole in the wall place. for what i paid for the room and the size of it was great. everything there seems to be broken but what can you do the bed was nice and the shower worked so i didn't complain to much here. The gym on the 3rd floor is horrible don't go there. all the machines are broken and there missing the bars to the weight machine so your very limited on your exercises there. better off going for a run outside. Had to use a towel for a pull bar since the bars were all missing.The casino seemed run down and pretty empty there. Its nice cause its walking distance to the golden nugget so i gambled there most of my trip.The food at the Plaza wasn't to good was better off walking down the strip to find a decent place to munch on somethingI'd stay here again just for the room but i wouldn't gamble, workout or eat here.
1	We knew it was a cheap hotel when we booked it, but we could have done much better for the same price or not much more.  Had to call for toilet paper as a spare roll was not left in the room, and was unable to call for a wake-up call as this call was never answered:  just a recording a representative would be with me shortly... for five minutes.  There's no shortage of hotels in downtown Vegas.  Try somewhere else.
1	Absolutely horrible!!! Do not stay here. The customer service is non existent to say the least. I wish I had paid more to stay somewhere else but it seemed like a good deal at the time. I would give it zero stars if I could. The hotel was renovated but the plumbing wasn't which explains why our sink and bathtub kept clogging. The check in line was ridiculous! I had to wait 30 min on a wed night at 10 pm to check in! Please please just don't stay here...
1	This place is aweful! The bathrooms are so tiny!  The shower is gross, and there is literally no room to move in there. There was no hot water for hours in the morning. Would never stay there again.  If I could put 0 stars I would.
3	For the price it was good. Enjoyed staying in a more classic Vegas style hotel. It was right across the street from the Freemont experience which is a fantastic place off the strip. The room was clean and had plenty of space for 4 people/2 queen size beds. They only gave us 3 towels and 2 wash clothes though. This was the only hotel we found where you had to pay to park. It was $5 and was reimbursed once you checked in.They offer a 24hr McDonalds and Subway in the lobby which was nice to have. And they give you a coupon book with several match play options if you choose to use the casino there.
1	I LOVE Freemont St, and downtown Vegas. Have stayed numerous times and always have a blast!! In saying that, LOVE Hashouse in the Plaza for breakfast, & their pizza joint for late night snack, but I will NEVER be staying there again. Our reservation with bookings.com got mixed up, and they were not accommodating at all, we considered switching hotels our first night cause there were grimey handprints everywhere, the shower looked DISGUSTING and weird hair left on the sheets. We figured it was only two nights so we'd just tough it out. Go figure my boyfriend got athletes foot, and I was too afraid to shower the rest of the trip I bathed in the sink. GROSS GROSS GROSS!!!
1	I finally came around to updating my review since I am approaching my annual Las Vegas trip.  I am usually all for staying at the newly renovated Plaza Hotel & Casino but have chosen to take my business else where this time around.  Don't get me wrong,  the renovations done to the hotel have made it one of the better places to stay at while downtown & just so conveniently located near Fremont Street. I love the rooms because of the updated looks and just the spaciousness in all the different ones I've stayed in.  But a year later,  I still refuse to give my business,  along with all of my family. who travel with me to the Plaza.  My last stay at The Plaza started out rough & ended on a sour note.  Confusion and miscommunication between the Front Desk & Housekeeping lead to us checking into our room 1.5 hours after the 4:00p check in time.  The wait wasn't the least of our problems,  instead the headache came from the front desk manager on duty, by the name of Rosa, who lacked the professionalism to remedy and handle the situation in a positive manner.  The last thing I wanted to deal with was someone with an attitude giving me excuses as to why basic execution on the part of the Plaza wasn't present. I understand there are situations,  such as understaffing of Housekeeping during the evening,  but there is no reason to only have ONE maid on duty.  Beyond the scope of the lack of professionalism on the part of the manager,  she attempted to remedy the situation by waiving the charge for a late checkout - which we found out the morning of our check out that it wasn't put into the notes of our reservation as promised by Rosa.  Honestly,  if it wasn't for the awesome Housekeeping lady expediting the cleaning of our room,  which we truly appreciated & thanked her with treats from Hawaii- I would've cancelled my 8 day reservation @ The Plaza and spent money elsewhere.
3	This place reminds me of the saying "you get what you pay for".  Was in Vegas for work and all the places I regularly try to stay were booked.  Found the Plaza hotel thru LasVegas.com for $35 a night.  They also charge $12 night resort fee.  The Plaza is located downtown at the top of Fremont St.  The good: room was clean, bed was new and comfortable, lots of options within short walking distance, everyone's got to experience Fremont St at least once, and has a Hash House a Go Go inside for breakfast.  The bad: Front desk always under staffed so takes forever to check in and check out (no technology to check out on the TV or any kiosks), casino has an empty feel,  smells like smoke, and they do not have enough non-smoking rooms (although had booked a non-smoking room well in advance, when checked in at 9pm only had smoking rooms left).  Bottom line if just looking for an inexpensive comfortable, clean room downtown to crash, then would recommend.  If prefer a little more atmosphere and amenities then may not be for you!
1	I'm thoroughly upset with the costumer service here. I only stayed here because I needed somewhere close to the Golden Nugget. 1. I made a reservation through groupon and when we tried to check in they said they had no one under that name and that we needed to call Groupon. They apparently had a "Rodney" with my last name staying here the next night instead of my name which is Reyna. We talked to another girl and after both made my mom and I feel like idiots, she went back to her manager and apparently one of their employees actually butchered my name that bad from Reyna to Rodney and did it for the wrong night.2. Second, I could not sleep at all that night because I was in a powerlifting competition that day so my body was very sore and tight. They advertise a 24 hour fitness center so I just wanted to go on a cardio machine for a bit. My card doesn't work to open the door. I go to the front desk and they give me another card. Still doesn't work. There's definitely just something wrong with the door. Go back and she says they may still be doing maintenance in it still. Goes to her manager and comes back with "yeah they're switching out the machines and it'll be open today." Oh really? This is at 3am and there is no one in the fitness center nor is there any machine being moved around or anything like that. I'm pretty sure they were just too lazy to actually get the real key that fit in to the door to let me in for half an hour. Ridiculous. Long story short, costumer service sucks and those employees shouldn't be working there if they don't want to help people out.
3	They remodeled this place which turned out nice, i still remember when i was younger and this was the place we used to stay back in day when there was no Fremont Street Experience i was happy with my $20 rolls of quarters playing video games while my parents gambled. Came here to visit the Jerky store which was originally here on the 3rd floor then moved to the Las Vegas Club across the street and then moved back here to it's original spot, it's still under construction but opened. This place for me still gives out the old school downtown Vegas vibe along with Binion's (formely the Horseshoe) Still a cool place to visit and i do recommend Island Sushi to eat some ono food like the bento box.
5	Total classic vegas, while it isn't our first choice (our normal hotel wanted $200 a night, I've stayed there a lot - it's not worth it) I decided to give it a shot since I knew exactly where it was. Being so close to the end of Fremont St by the stage, our room was very loud but, it's understandable down here. I'm really pleasantly surprised at how clean our room is! We ate dinner at hash house which is an absolute must - the basic is the best! For much cheaper than we usually pay at another hotel on Fremont street it is 100% worth it. The staff was fantastic, especially Ashley at the players club desk!!
1	STAY AWAY FROM THE PLAZA AND ALL THEIR HIDDEN FEES!! I was SO ready to give this place at least 4 stars. Read a lot of bad reviews, but I had no trouble with my room in general. It seemed clean, and refurbished. I had a view of the Freemont Experience and the 7th floor pool from the South Tower, Room 1237. Could not for the life of me figure out where the switch was for the lamp on the desk...pretty lame, huh? Me AND the lamp, lol!I even got to witness a little old lady win over a million bucks at their Wheel of Fortune slot, that was SO cool to see....only wish it could have been me!I was on a tight budget, even though I got a great group deal because I was here judging the World Food Championships. I asked about ALL charges before I even booked. Was told $12 resort fee per day. Ok, I've seen that before. Then I was told they also take a $50 refundable deposit that they give back to you at the end of your stay for what...I don't know....to make sure you don't have any other charges before you leave that they can't bill you for?? Ok, I accepted that too....even though I have never heard of that before. But what has blown me away, and now made me deficient in my bank account, is a $90 fee they took out for WHAT?! Also refundable I was told when I called there this morning. So what! It's going back into my account tonight at midnight they said, but are THEY KIDDING?! WTF do you need to take out ANOTHER rip off amount when you're already taking the $50?! AND I WAS NEVER WARNED ABOUT THIS FEE, SO BEWARE!!! Have now left a message for the accounts receivable dept and we'll see what they say. This is unacceptable and I'm bummed because I would have stayed there again, but this blew it for me. STAY AWAY FROM THE PLAZA AND ALL THEIR HIDDEN FEES!!
2	This place was pretty dirty. I came in from the self parking lot on the forth floor and the elevator area was a disaster. The parking area itself looked like no one ever took a hose to the place. The rooms were very dusty and although the staff was courteous I can't imagine ever coming back. I hate giving a bad review but the people that are renovating this place should invest in more cleaning people.
1	This place is awful!! Granted I'm not the type of person that sits at the same machine for 5 hours..but I guess that's what I need to do to get a drink!! Not once have I been asked if I wanted any type of beverage since I have been here! The waitresses are old and have a bad attitude and they only go for the people that they think will tip. I hope they shut this place down and by the looks of it when I stop by here its usually just filled with beggars and bums. I have been asked for money or a cigarette more than I have been asked for a drink.
5	Can't beat the price and the location is also great.Second time staying here,no complaints at all,will be coming back.
1	We checked in on thanksgiving morning, I definitely won't make it a priority to stay here again. Great internet connection but that's about it.Do your self a favor and don't stay in the north tower in a room with a view unless you plan to stay out all night long, otherwise don't expect to get any sleep because the music coming from Freemont street will keep you up all night, guaranteed.
4	The hotel is clean and well-maintained unfortunately there is a significant amount of construction going on right now around the hotel on the street but it really did not interfere with our ability to get around. All of the staff is friendly and accommodating. The rooms are large and newly renovated but are not full of amenities such as in room coffee makers. Parking is free which is a huge plus and if you park on the third floor of the parking garage you have easy access to the elevator to take you to your room. There are plenty of places to eat and get drinks throughout the hotel and casino including a McDonald's a Mexican restaurants and sandwich shop. Within a few steps across the street you are on old Fremont Street which is filled with shops and bars restaurants clubs anything you would want to do. If you want to go to the strip it's not very far roughly expect a $20-$30 taxi ride. UBER just started in Las Vegas and is far less expensive. We were very pleasantly surprised by staying downtown this trip instead of at the fancy humongous hotels on the strip it was a nice break where we still had a lot of fun and it wasn't so chaotic.
4	Stayed in the South Tower on the 14th floor and it was quiet as a mouse all weekend. Kind of bare bones rooms but comfortable and large. You might want to bring your own pillows. The view is spectacular. No complaints!
1	Ok I don't know why I come to this place. Is it cause its right next to the greyhound station?? Or is it the Williams Hill Sports book?? I tell you what. Here I am its 1:51pm and I have my backpack with me as I just checked out of the plaza around noon and my bus leaves at 5ish. So I am waiting at one of Williams hill sports book race seating booth and I just put my head down to rest for a minute and not 2 mins later someone taps on my shoulder and says you can't sleep here. Anyway I get that and I nicely said I wasn't sleeping and he went on his way. Ok first off this place( Williams Hill Sportsbook) at the plaza hotel generally attracts a iffy crowd of homeless and almost homeless patrons from the looks of it. I have been here a handful of times and its 90% the same crowd wearing the same clothes as the last time. Back to me laying my head down for a minute. I decided to look to the right and I see one woman picking the deodorant cakes from her underarms while she argues and swears on the phone(ohh yeah she looks like she has a nice stake on horse number 3) and to the front of me I have two guys that look like rain man. What I'm trying to say is every time I come here I spend a good $100 a night betting on sports and for one minute I try to rest I get hassled. Now only if that same guy would notice the trash this place attracts and actually did something about it then more people like myself would come here..... Not the ones that bet $2 on a 10 game parlay and think they are gonna get a $1500 dollar payoff while they drink their steel reserves and smoke their picked up cigarette butts. This place is a dump because you are too blind to see whats really going on or maybe your too stupid to realize it. I will not spend another dollar at the plaza or Williams hill again and I hope this dump gets shut down...by the looks of it that is not to far off down the road. Hope this helps
4	I know JUST what you're thinking!You: "Is this not Biff Tannen's Pleasure Paradise Casino and Hotel from the alternate 1985 timeline featured in the hit film Back to the Future 2?"Me: "Yes! Good eye!"This once classy, then shabby, then decently renovated hotel served as the exterior for that wonderful movie, which makes it the perfect destination for both film fanatics AND fans of hypothetical alternate-dystopian-timelines set in the 1980's.They say that some nights, when the wind blows just the right way, you can almost hear the actor who played Biff asking you for change from the shadows. That's no illusion! Actor Tom Wilson can often be found lurking just outside the casino.
2	This review is for the casino only.It is a very sad place with very sad drinks.We saw tweakers with the face scabs darting around (yes, IN the casino) and heroin addicts nodding out at the slots. Gave the place the feeling of scuzzy and unsafe.There was a live "band" playing of two guys who were amazingly talented singers singing some of the worst cover classic rock cover songs from the '70s one could cover and they were loud. I hope those guys have other gigs because they were good on guitar and voice. Also other gigs might keep them from playing these horrible covers.We spent two hours on blackjack, and the server and dealer were nice and pleasant. For the addicts running around the bathrooms were clean too. I would hope to never come back here again tho.
2	Pull up in parking and was told to pay 5.00 and misinformed about valet parking so we self parked and had to haul our own luggage to lobby then was told we could have just pulled up. Parking ladies fault. Then Mary was at check in desk. Never said hi or greeted us. Just said are you hear to check in with no smile or enthusiasm. Didn't even really make eye contact. I had asked her to smile and greet guests that it goes along way and is policy. And she sarcastically smiled and said have a good day. It was nighttime. Then just gave us keys to room. We had to ask for directions to room from bell guy. He was very nice and smiled the whole time. He has been here 39 years. Arrive in room and Windows are sealed shut in a smoking room. WTF. No fresh air. The light was on and the reason is because the switch to turn it off is missing. Scratches on the wall as well. Thanks to bell guy, or I would have left and lost out on my money. At that point I was willing to pay again somewhere else. Will speak to managers in the morning as late check in and see how they handle these issues. Update coming soon...
4	We have been to this hotel multiple times. The reason we choose it is because it is decently priced and directly on Freemont St. where all the excitement is.We have stayed all over the hotel and all the spots are the mostly the same. If you are driving a lot you want to stay in the tower by the valet. If not you will be walking across the whole casino to get back and forth. Same thing if you are not driving and just there for Freemont St. You would want to stay in the tower near the main entrance. The first time we stayed at the Plaza we snuck into the pool after hours and were busted by scary security guards. We pleaded an apology then my now husband proposed to me. I said YES! and Charles escorted us off the roof top with a congratulations at the end. Another time we were there we noticed the place is decently clean and the rooms are accommodating. The front desk staff were always nice and quick. One of the people from our party lost his key. (multiple times) and the staff would not give him a new one because his name was not on the list. Even though he was with us at check in etc. Something that frustrated him but made us feel safe that they would not just hand out a key to anyone. Another time we were there we thought the cleaning ladies were very quick and accommodating. We were a little messy and they were always there to help us clean and replace items we needed. The valet is also awesome. The two older guys with the salt & pepper hair were very helpful with directions and showing us how to work things on our rental car. They are by far some of the best Valet ever!Another time we were there for our Wedding. We got a noise complaint at 3am. (Who complains on a friday night in Vegas at 3am & it was just me talking loud??) Anyways, the security officer came knocking on our door. To our shock it was the same security officer who buster us during my husbands proposal. This guy is like Batman! He is every where. Even though it had been over a year Charles noticed us right away. He said his hellos and told us to keep it down. The casino is nice and kept clean. The servers look tired at all times. They have bands playing on a tiny stage inside which is a nice touch. Free comedy shows also. The tiny food court rocks if you want to eat cheap. The taco place is amazing and the deals are the best. They also have a little bar attached to the front of the place. We had the whole place to our self and could hear the bands on Freemont St. very clear.All in all this place is perfect for staying on Freemont St. The only reason I am giving it 4 instead of 5 is because of the pool. The pool is located on a huge rooftop but yet the pool is so tiny. There are no decorations, scenery or beauty around the pool. Its just a pool on a concrete roof top. It honestly looks pathetic. Even the kids were not impressed. And it was cold each time we went. It is such a large rooftop in a prime location over looking Freemont St. The possibilities are endless. When we are looking for a hotel we are also looking for a nice pool. This pool sucks & needs a makeover big time.We will be back.
4	This good hotel loved the price and right of fremont.. is clean quiet and was shocked the rooms where up to date..i will return here again...
2	This place was nice at the casino not to many people however, some of the workers were rude. The place after late hours on the strip was not a safe feeling environment and one part of the place where the food places were had nothing but homeless and smelled bad. Not a place I would recommend for someone to stay at. Advice; keep for a last resort.
3	We stayed Friday and Saturday night and I'm glad we stayed at this hotel because it was inexpensive and we had a blast. My husband and I have been wanting to stay at the Fremont Experience but we'd always end up in the strip because of the "nicer rooms." But here at the Plaza the room was big enough and clean/nice. Yes it was a bit loud because of the stage at the Fremont experience but it was not a bother because we were here to party. Oh and the free water bottles in our room was great!
2	Honestly I wish I could give 2 and 1/2 stars... I arrived 1/3/2014  and the hotel staff notified the paid room booked by expedia was made for 1/2/2014 ... the manager would not help with the miserstanding, despite pointing out that we had never even checked in... paid for the room twice.  We were charged 73.50 the room was amazing the casino was so run down and sad looking i didn't feel safe there... the parking garage was the worst...  they should sell hobo stab insurance for self parking... C-
1	The phrase, "Let's not and say we didn't" comes to mind after staying here.  We had booked for two nights and only stayed for one.  We asked for two beds and when we arrived there was a single king.  They said it was never a guarantee and only a request, and said they could give us a roll away bed.  They said it would arrive in 15 minutes.. well, an hour later and it still hadn't arrived.  We went to dinner, gambled a bit, came back, and it still wasn't there.  When we called the front desk they said that the person that handles roll away went to lunch, and wouldn't be back for an hour.  So let's do the math.. we arrived at 5pm, went to dinner, came back to our room at 10pm, and at 11pm our roll away finally arrived.  Only took SIX hours, I call that SERVICE (bad service).  Not to mention the roll away bed sucked (no surprise there).Was there anything good?  Well... * You have to pay when you enter the parking structure ($5), and if you are a hotel guest you have to get reimbursed from the front desk later.. there was a very long front desk line.. by long, I mean.. is it worth the $5?  Big pain in the butt.* There was hardly any parking in the parking structure, we ended up going to the 4th floor just to find a parking spot, which wouldn't be so bad if the elevator didn't suck (see next bullet point).* The elevator in the parking structure is horrible.  It takes FOREVER.  After waiting FOREVER for the elevator to finally reach the 4th floor so we could take our luggage downstairs, it was FULL--probably with all the other people that waited FOREVER for the elevator.  We ended up hauling our luggage down the 4 flights, and lugging them back up the same flights because the elevators take.. FOREVER--you got it!* Toilet paper.  So, usually, there's extra TP in a bathroom.  Nope.  We had half a roll to start with, and that was it (really?).  We used it sparingly, since after the scenario with the roll away.* The regular king size bed was awful.  I couldn't sleep well, tossed and turned, and woke up with back soreness.* The noise from across the street is so loud that it actually permeates the room.  I was on the bed across from the window and it just boomed all night.  I'm not complaining that the music was thumping all night, I'm complaining that the stupid room isn't soundproofed enough so that I DON'T hear it.Needless to say, we only stayed one night at the Plaza.  You are cheap, not very easy, and not worth it.  Pay the extra money and go to the strip.  The Monte Carlo was a dream compared to this place.
1	This is by far one of the worst casino reservation booking that I have ever experienced I would give them zero stars if I could I don't understand with there lack of customer service how they are even still in business
1	We haven't even made it through the check in line, but looks like it's going to take over an hour!! Ridiculous!! The good news is there's amusing people watching.
1	My wife and i had a very bad experience with this hotel. The service was very poor, they over book their rooms, they would not accommodate us for their screw up, the place stinks with sour mildew,sewer smell with cigarette second hand smoke. I rate this place a Big fat 0.
