5	If you ever feel "stuck" in Vegas surrounded by a jungle of steakhouses, faux-French and -Italian restaurants & greasy Dennis-type joints, and if you are longing for Japanese, Thai, Kantonese, Korean or Vietnamese noodles to purify your soul, you should visit Noodles & Co.A neat ambience, courteous service and tasty flavourful food made us want to eat there twice, for merely 3 days of stay. A good selection of appetisers and side dishes accompany the wide selection of noodle soups. Everything we ever tried tasted good & authentic. Wine and beer list is also very decent, if you care about alcohol.Overall a great experience- will go back for sure.
4	One of the better deals in the Bellagio, and much more casual. I was surprised by how much I enjoyed all of the stuff we ordered. The bbq pork buns and potstickers were quality renditions. I'd also recommend the salt and pepper shrimp, and the Malaysian fried rice, but half the fun is picking and choosing from their varied menu.
5	Having been in the US for 6 years and constantly searching, i've come to accept that the best chinese food is still in Hong Kong. There is however a sweet consolation---264 miles away from my area,there is Noodles. Surprisingly, I would find my favorite chinese food place inside a vegas hotel. But it's true, the exceptional taste of the food here brought back memories of my Hong Kong love affair with congee, dimsum, peking duck and noodles. Unlike other places I tried, their roasted duck is tasty yet not as greasy (you can even order it de-boned which makes for an even more enjoyable pigout). Their dimsum is topnotch. Basic selections like har gao, siu maai, bau and ma chang taste exceptional. My most favorite of all though is their seafood congee. Not a lot of chinese restarants serve this well, if at all, but in Noodles, they have it great. It has savory stuff like squid, scallops, mushroom, bokchoy, fish fillets in a tasty base (not watered down or too textured).I do wish they'd expand the dismsum menu and serve woo kok (mashed taro with shiitake mushrooms, shrimp, pork), and bring back the seasoned jellyfish. Other than that, I have no complaints. If you do love chinese food, and you know chinese food by heart, this place won't disappoint. And for those of you who prefer other asian cuisine, like korean, japanese, vietnamese or thai, Noodles also has tasty selections to satisfy your cravings (eg. pad thai, pho, kimchi, udon, and other favorites). Not the cheapest place, but definitely worth it. Did I mention the ambiance? It's a casual, comfortable place with minimalist beautiful decor by Tony Chi. This is a must for those who love asian food and a good time.
3	I ordered the seafood pho because I was craving pho.  Then I realized I just ordered a $16 bowl of pho.  But whatever...that's life at the Bellagio.  Question...what are two things that are absolutely required with pho?  That's right...plum and shriracha sauce.  No one knew what the heck I was talking about when I asked for the red sauce with a rooster on the bottle.  A guy waiter told me to use the Chinese chilli paste that was on the table.  Another waitress brought out that Thai sweet chilli sauce and said that would taste good in my pho.    Have they done lost their minds??  I finally had to get the manager involved who was nice enough to get me something else, so I ordered the Tom yum soup with rice noodles.  Eh...noodles in Tom Yum wasn't quite right either.  Just cause you have a place called Noodle doesn't mean you have to put it in everything.
5	The food was surprisingly good and the prices were fair considering you're in a casino and they've "gotcha." I ordered the pan fried egg noodles and they were awesome. We also ordered the fried rice and it was great and even reheated the next day for a great meal. The appetizers of potstickers and the malaysian roti bread with a curry dipping sauce were delectable. I came here based on a recommendation from my mom. And... now... I recommend it to you!
4	We went here for dim sum on our way out of Vegas, thanks to the suggestion of lovely Yelper Jacquie C. There was quite a long wait on a Sunday afternoon, unless you were willing to sit in the smoking section (we weren't). When we finally got seated, we were impressed with the elegance of the table - nice, laquered wood and rolls on the benches for reclining. We were immediately brought fresh tea, and they never let the teapot get anywhere close to empty. We could have ordered off the menu, but we chose dim sum. Every single piece of dim sum was amazingly delicious and very high quality. We especially liked the chef's special that day, which was a steamed dumpling with abalone and crushed peanuts. Our big complaint was that the dim sum carts did not come by often enough. Understandable given that most people in the restaurant were eating off the menu, but we were very hungry and got very frustrated waiting for the carts. The frustration factor would have lowered this rating to 3 stars, but having recently had some very boring and uninspired dim sum recently at another place back home (the food was lacking, not the company!), I was reminded of how delicious the food was here in comparison. Except for the dim sum carts, the service was attentive. The price was not as cheap as what we'd pay back home, but hey, this is Vegas, plus we were a small group, which makes the dim sum cost go up when you split it up per person. Overall, great food, though the experience was lacking since we were so tired and hungry.
4	My friends and I kind of came into this place randomly.. I thought it was going to be just another bastardized P.F. Changs type place but wow was I wrong. The whole place is run by peeps from Hong Kong.. including the cooks. Every dish we ordered was authentic and very good. Prices are a bit steep for chinese food but hey, we're in Vegas.. stuff just costs more here. I wasn't able to try out the dim sum but I'm sure its top notch just like their normal dinner food.Food: 9/10Service : 7/10Ambience: 7/10
4	Noodles is located adjacent to the Baccarat Bar. They serve traditional noodle dishes from Malaysia, Thailand, Japan, China and Vietnam and authentic Hong Kong style barbecue dishes. All menu items are A la carte, with appetizers ranging from $6.00 - $13.00, and main course, $12.00 - $30.00.We came to this restaurant for Dim Sum on a Saturday morning(around 11am), and got seated immediately. We had about 10 different items, and everything we had was delicious. Although the price is more than double what I usually pay at a dim sum restaurant back home, but the varieties and quality of the food, with the ambiance and service is definitely worth the $$. They only serve Dim Sum Friday - Sunday 11:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m. The line can get pretty long, so get there early if you can.
2	This restaurant was definately over priced.  All the stories you hear about how cheap it is to eat in vegas, complete lie.  Although I did stay on the strip, but still i dont think I had a single meal under $13.  That adds up quickly.  The food here was good, but nothing to write home about.
5	There is a general  lack of quality restaurants in Las Vegas and generally the worst of them are located inside the casinos. In my mind, this is the only exception.Noodles serves pan-Asian cuisine focusing on Chinese. They specialize in congee (juk), which is a rice gruel with various meats/seasonings. I order this each time I visit Noodles because they are so damned excellent. Also try the stir-fried seaweed with smoked tofu -- so wonderful.In addition to top-quality dishes, the service here is outstanding the wait staff take pride in what they are serving. The decor is top notch with glass bottled noodles and muted tans filling the entire space. This place is very special and an a great escape from Vegas' brashness.Go early. Asian families know and love this place and a line forms outside after 6-7pm. And they are willing to wait.Highly recommended.
4	So yea Noodles is expensive. I saw that 16 dollar pho. They do have Dim Sum though 11-3 on Fri - Sat. Their dim sum is great. I had it when my fam came in. So here's the deal. Why is it when my mom or aunt come into town I get stuck at Noodles or Noodle Asia. Give me cheap noodles! So here's my problem Everything was good. Even the oxtail soup. But getting a bowl of rice throws them off. "Just steam rice" YEA I need rice to eat with my SOUP! You don wan no duck or soy sauce with rice. NO....I'm FREAKIN FILIPINO - JUST BRING RICE to balance the flavors in my mouth! Ok I bring. Well other than that - yea it's good . Noodle dishes - duck dishes. I just dont like to pay so much for food I know I can get at a fraction and just as authentic. I do like the clean though...My budget just doesn't rock as much. but definitely you gotta try.
2	You know how some guys compensate, right? If they drive a big truck, they have a small johnny.If they drive a fast car, then johnny come lately.What noodles (that's with a lower case "n") lacked in taste is pretty much compensated by its interiors. On one side are glass vessels filled with all sorts of noodles lining the entire wall. Pretty much reminded me of my biology lab in high school, you know, those glass containers filled with fetuses, bats, fishes, weird-looking animals, and other human parts. Bad memories mind you...we had this preserved cat at the beginning of the semester.  As term went along, we'd conduct various 'operations' on this cat until it was down to its skeleton.Anyhoo where were we...the place is bright, clean yet casual. Though the overly-priced menu, for a quick noodle house at least, covers a number of dishes from China, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore or Indonesia, they indeed lacked the taste, depth and spices I always look for...a bit clean and polished for my ASIAN palate...pretty much reminded me again of that cat in my lab class. So,  off to Pho 69 I go for my $4.99 Pho Gato (Psst, so is the rumor true?)2 stars because they have San Miguel Beer. And I'd do incisions on your johnny if you think this beer is from Mexico, dude.
3	My friends and I ended up here after a long night of wandering around the strip. We were all surprised how expensive it was -- so much so, that two of my three friends just ordered appetizers instead of dinner. I had a so-so piece of steamed fish in curry sauce for a whopping $30. I also clearly ordered a Thai iced tea, and was brought regular iced tea.The meal wasn't bad, but it's probably the worst meal I've had for $30 a plate. I don't think I'd go back.
3	agadashi tofu (appetizer): $6.50Chinese beef noodle soup: $17Singaporean style vermicelli noodle: $17Having the most expensive beef noodle soup EVER in your life: priceless-------------------------------------------------This place might be expensive compare to any place in any Chinatown in the world, it is probably the only place you can eat for less than $50/person inside Bellagio.  If you are just hecka tired (from walking all day) or lost all your $$$ but still want some decent food, this is your place inside Bellagio
3	Funny how they can make regular Asian dishes be so highly priced just b/c it's located in the Bellagio. Still, service was not overwhelmingly special. Decor is pleasant but not enough to crave a revisit. Simply our group was way too hungry to battle the buffet lines. Arduous waiting for a table here didn't help either.3stars b/c at least the meals were hot & filling. Not out of this world spectacular though.
1	Decor is nice, but it was a 25 minute wait to get in, and the food was only so-so. Way too expensive for the actual quality. Recommendation: Get off the Strip and try out Chinatown or somewhere else. Not worth the wait.
4	This does not require a reservation, and in general, it's relatively easy to get seated -- although it does get busier as the night gets later.  However, even if there is a line, I find that it moves pretty fast, so at least in my book, that makes it a line worth waiting in.  Especially for the food at the other end!REALLY cool atmosphere, lined floor to ceiling with glass jars of noodles of all different sizes, shapes, and colors.  My only complaints are that it can get a bit loud, and that the seats at the normal tables feel a bit low -- definitely get a booth if you can.My recommendation is the Yellow Indian Noodles. I know that when you're in Las Vegas you feel obligated to drink alcohol, but if you're at Noodles take a break from the booze and order the fresh soy milk.  You will NOT be disappointed.  Even my friends who don't like soy milk like this stuff.  But if you absolutely won't try it, get the Thai tea instead.  It's potent.Whatever you do, DO NOT PASS on getting Brazillian Papaya with for dessert.  It is literally a party in your mouth.
3	I came here randomly with my family before watching O and it was surprisingly tasty. We ordered asahi, shiu mai, chinese broccoli, and hong kong style egg noodles for the four of us (my family eats very very little). Everything was excellent! Very over-priced for Chinese food but what do you expect when you go to Vegas? Oh and I loved the decor!
4	Came in here to meet up with my wife's cousins.  Seating and decor is nice.  It's pretty small.   We tried the pad thai and Spicy Shrimp dish.  I liked both ...  but just a warning they aren't the same way you see in normal restaurants.    So my wife didn't like it as much.   The appetizers we're really tasty.  I wouldn't have minded just eating the appetizers.
1	i had this plate for an appetizer called "Korean spicy vegetable cold noodle" and i was wondering.. what the HECK could that be? well it's neng myun noodles with a side of chojang.  the neng myun has carrot shavings and yelllow squash shaving with peanut crumbles. Um yeah. does that sound thai to you or is it just me? i don't recall any korean dish with peanuts in it.they need to get their asians straight.NOt all asians look alike. nor do their noodles taste the same.their thai spicy shrimp noodle tasted very clean. but it wasn't as tangy as i'd like.the cantonese dumpling soup tasted "clean". all the noodle soup stuff have a clean taste unlike the original "authentic" dirty asian stuff.
2	Let me begin by saying that I'm the first to drop any amount of money on great food and wine. It's taken someone way more talented than I will ever be many years of training as well as hard work and skill to create that delicious dish sitting in front of me. And it takes an insane amount of knowledge and a little luck to make a clump of grapes taste like manna from heaven. However, it's silly to pay so much for a commodity that takes zero skill to provide. At Noodles, a Coke is $4.50, hot tea is $7, kimchee is $6. It is the Bellagio, but c'mon people!3 stars for the food - noodles are pretty plain so you need to use those free (!) condiments on the table to season them yourself (thai shrimp noodles, wonton noodles, abalone congee, gyoza) and 1 star for the priciness factor.
5	Noodles is a much better choice than any other dim-sum restaurant you'll find in Vegas.  Even my parents who are usually harsh critics of asian restaurants had only good things to say.  Every dim-sum dish was memorable including the halibut congee and pork buns.  The quality was top-notch.  I can only speak for their dim-sum though because I haven't been there for dinner, but if you find yourself standing in a long line for the breakfast or brunch buffet at Bellagio, Noodles is right around the corner. :)
4	Coming from a Hong Kong background, I found the noodles here surprisingly authentic. Albeit completely overpriced, but when you're paying 10 dollars for a fucking hot dog at a place called Snacks and you don't want to drive 15 minutes to Chinatown, paying an extra 4 more for a good bowl of noodles is a no-brainer. Long story short, I love this place. This is the only place I eat when I play poker at the Bellagio. This is the only place my dad eats at too. All their noodle soups are awesome. Wonton noodle soup, Mandarin beef noodle soup, I feel like I'm in Hong Kong again. Except it's slightly nicer and the money is paid in US dollars. Their roti prata is also quite good. Reading some of the other reviews, it seems that price is an unforgivable issue. Get over yourselves people. You're in Vegas. It's the Bellagio. Everything is overpriced. If you're staying here and complaining about the price of a coke, maybe you should have stayed at Bill's Casino and Saloon instead.
1	Saltiest (and most expensive) noodles ever!For a whopping $13, I got the equivalent of a bowl of noodles that would've cost $4 at a normal noodle shop.  I asked for udon noodles with my Cantonese Dumpling noodles.  Instead, I got egg noodles.  Which was fine, since egg noodles were probably the better choice for a noodle soup with dumplings.  However, I must've downed a whole pitcher of water by the time I was through with the noodles. So, one star for the price, messing up my order, and the saltiness that was pervasive in all of their noodle soups.
2	We never eat Chinese or Japanese in Vegas.  Being from San Francisco there is no need to spend $19 on a chicken dish, when you know you can get it at home for $10.  With that said, I don't know why decided to give Noodles a try.  It's not a full on Chinese restaurant, but had a good offerings on the menu, so in we went.It's a nicely decorated restaurant.  We ordered some noodles and dumplings - they were not that good.  Most of it was pretty salty.   We haven't been back since.We did see Alice Cooper dining with his family at a nearby table - that was the highlight.
5	This place rocks!  The best Roast Pork ever.... and the dim sum is great.  The garlic spinach is wonderful too!  The Pho was also really good.  There is almost always a line to get in and we found while staying there (at the Bellagio) that it is best to go in the morning at 11:00 am when they first open.  The food is top notch, top quality and the noodles...  authentic.  Although it is pricey...  $80.00 for a lunch for two..  it was worth every damn dollar.  I have raved about the place to all of my friends.  You should defnitely check this place out.
1	The fact that it's overpriced is pretty apparent, but their service SUCKS.Take Cindy, for example, who took care of our party of 9.  For some reason, I think she didn't like me because I wanted warm water.  When I asked for the said item, she responded with "We have tea - jasmine, oolong, etc."  I asked her again, "Do you have warm water?"  She says, "Yes, but we have tea."  OK, I get the fucking point.  You have tea and you're trying to charge me for it, but I don't fucking want it.Whilst taking my order, Cindy didn't understand when I pointed to what I wanted and specified "chicken."  Because instead, she tells me i can choose from bbq pork, duck, or chicken.  I said, yeah that chicken.  OK, that wasn't even the worse part.When she brought back everyone's dishes, my order was missing.  However, she had a two bbq item rice plate in her hand.  I realized the person next to me had switched her order at the last minute, and Cindy the server must have accidentally switched my order.  Cindy hands me the rice plate and says "Here you go."  I told her, "I didn't order this.  You must have accidentally switched my order out instead of the person next to me."  Cindy responds with, "You don't want this?"  I said, "NO, I didn't order this.  I ordered the poached chicken rice noodle."  Cindy says "Oh." and runs off.She does indeed come back with the right order, but never offers an apology.  She gave me a fat attitude during the whole damn time.And the noodles?  Well, I've had better.  And it never cost me $13.50.I would never recommend Noodles to anyone.
4	Unless you actually check out the Chinatown part of Vegas on Spring Mountain Road, I have found that the strip does not offer much in terms of decent Asian food.  Everything I have tried to date has been ultra-whitewashed and overly soy-sauced out.This all recently changed when we discovered Noodles in the Bellagio.  This place has got a vast menu.  The Laksa, Roti Prata and curry dishes we sampled were all authentic and delish.  Coupled with pleasant, hip decor and accommodating hours (open till 2 a.m.)...We actually really enjoyed Noodles.  Probably the only gripe is that the place is atypically pricey for Asian food...but hey it's the Bellagio and nothing is cheap there.Next time we need an Asian fix when we are in Vegas, we would definitely check out Noodles again.
3	3.5 for noodles. Maybe a 4 but I'm just kind of tired of it now. Noodles was the best when we first started going here but now its just ok. I always ordered oriental fried rice, spareribs and of course all their noodle options are good. The food is pretty expensive but aren't all the restaurants in hotels? It's worth the try if you're already there, why not?
1	Way, way overpriced. Sure Vegas is expensive but this place goes beyond overpriced to obscenely overpriced and for just ok food. Not much in way of veggie options and if you ask, it's a flat no, you can't make any changes. Tried to ask whether or not the vegetable roll had any meat or seafood in it. I was met with "vegetable roll" and a weird totally fake smile. But does it have any meat in it? "vegetable roll" only a little louder with the fake smile. There's no meat in it? "vegetable roll!" Well, that was helpful. Never mind, I don't need to be eating fried food anyways. Food is also very salty, I was dying of thirst for the rest of the day.
5	when we're in vegas with the guys, all they want to do is eat steak. i was sick of eating steak and wanted something "light" and asiany. so we went to noodles and was quite amazed at the diversity of the different asian dishes. we ordered dim sum, noodle soups, and a malaysian curry that was just sooo damn good, perfect i would say. must.go.again.
1	Really bad.  Hotel food at its worst.  $13 for wonton noodle soup, and its cramped in a very small bowl.  The service is nice.  So overpriced though.  $7.5 for 5 steamed dumplings?  REALLY?  Go elsewhere!   Whoever wrote the Michelin review knows nothing about food.
1	This place is an insult to noodles, dumplings and won ton.  I've had noodles from everywhere from street vendors to trendy restaurants and this place was absolutely the worst.They even messed up the little things: orders came wrong and dishes were not matching.The soup was so salty eating here was like torture, and I happen to like salty food.Eat here only if you are severely deficient in electrolytes.
2	2 stars... but it's really not all that bad.  I mean it is decent asian food for being in Vegas... but it's pricey for cheapy noodle house style food and with all the other stuff to eat in Vegas... I'm not sure why you would eat here, but say you're in Vegas for like a really long time and you're craving that cheapy asian noodle house style food, then you'd find your fix here.
2	Looking at the line for the Bellagio buffet, we knew it was either abandon ship for another restaurant or risk starvation.  Little did we know that we'd end up doing both heading over to Noodles.We had a rather large party (around 10), which definitely is not the size you want for this place (I'd say 6 or so max).  Although we reached the front of the line quickly, we still ended up waiting about half an hour to actually be seated.It then took a long time for them to take our order.And longer still for us to even get our waters.All in all, it just took them a long time to get anything to us.  When it did come, they handed it to the wrong people.  It's kind of a small deal, but c'mon...even Denny's can get that right.  The calamari appetizer was probably the best thing I tried here.  My pho was good, but not exceptional, especially given the exceptional price I was charged for it.The decor has this great golden feel to it and it has just the right lighting.  Too bad the lackluster service and food drag down the experience.
3	This is the most expensive asian noodle place that I have ever been to in my life. I guess this is expected since I always lose money at Bellagio and eating here is just another way for them to win my money. I never thought I would be paying $15 for a bowl of beef stew noodles. For that price, I could buy 3 bowls of noodles around my neighborhood or 7-10 bowls of noodles in Taiwan. My girlfriend ordered the beef stew noodles which actually was decent and I ordered the tom yum noodles with shrimp which was about $17. Overall this place is expensive for the food you're actually getting but the taste is alright. I would recommend skipping this place and either pay extra money and eat something a lot better or pay a lot less and just go to a cafe or eat fast food.
4	True, this place is pricey for noodles, but they are damn good. I always come here every time I am in Vegas even if I am not staying at the Bellagio.Case in point, last Saturday night after my gf's wedding reception at the Hilton.We were hungry, so we cabbed it and were seated right away. Yes, the service is rude, but what do you expect from a Chinese run place? They are def not known for their service and I am Chinese. On to the food-Cantonese dumpling soup- pretty good, tasty and light. Clear broth with egg noodles. You get a choice of 4 different noodles, but egg noodles is the best one to go with dumplings.Beef stew noodle soup- OMG. this is like an orgasm for meat lovers. It came with 4 HUGE ass chunks of stewed beef. The meat was so tender and easy to eat. It had a bit of a kick, mmmmm spicy, just the way I like it. I had it with the big flat rice noodles (chow fun). Would I recommed this? Hell yeah. Especially late night after lots of alcohol. Your belly will thank you in the morning.
2	I thought the decor here was clever. They stacked hundreds of bottles filled with dried noodles all along the shelves. It made for interesting visuals.The food, on the other hand, is just cheap, over priced Chinese food basically. The pho served here doesn't taste like traditional pho either. Their soup base tasted more like Chinese broth and the rice noodles were chewy. Their fried rice was horrible...$15 for fried rice with barely any vegetables or char siu...what a ripoff. I could have done better myself. Their baby spinach dish along with their chicken curry, which I had to admit were pretty good, were their redemption from a one star rating.
1	I honestly believe i can serve people instant noodles off the street that taste a lot better then the garbage they serve here. wouldn't be surprised to know that the food they serve ARE instant noodles but horribly fucked up by a "chef" that was born with no taste buds.And for a place within such a....mega rich high class casino would it hurt you to serve filtered water instead of crap you get from the dish washer...i mean honestly it's only a few bucks extra but it's little things like that gives you them extra points.
2	The noodle soup here is a bit bland but the dim sum is pretty good.  A bit overpriced so if you are on a budge, I suggest you head over to Chinatown.
3	Just ate here this past weekend. My group thought the food was ok. I got what the waiter recommended "Pad Thai" and i thought it lack taste.
1	I think being Vietnamese and all, I would never come here every again.Hahaha, it's funny when I looked at the menu to find Pho being sold for $15.  Also congee being sold for even more!!  I got the malaysian fried rice and that was $20.  I also got the ox tail soup which I can say was pretty good but it was $10.  My friend got the combination rice which came with roasted duck which was a bit tastey and the soya chicken which came out cold and not very flavorful.I guess vietnamese or asian food is considered exotic espeically in vegas therefore they feel that they can jack up the prices really high.I would definately not come here again espcially for the price and the taste wasn't on the authentic side either.
5	Everytime when my husband and I come to Las Vegas we always try to stop in at Bellagio's and just have lunch or dinner at Noodles.Being asian we feel if it's a chinese run restaurant you gotta stick with the chinese foods.  Just like you can't expect a chinese chef to cook up some lasagna in a wok.They have the best tasting noodle dishes around!  We always try to go on a Fri, Sat or Sun because that's when they have the dim sums.We always order the bbq pork noodle soup with egg noodles.  The soup tastes so delicious.  It's good everytime!Then we order the spring rolls, the crab and spinach dumplings,the fried shrimp and the shou mai (steamed pork & shrimp dumplings).  The egg custard is great too!I love the Thai iced tea!  We have tried other noodle shops around the other hotels but nothing can beat our taste buds for Noodles.It's a bit pricey but well worth it.  Try going during the days they serve their dim sum.This ranks #1 on our list, then #2 is Noodle Asia at the Venetian.
4	I'm surprised at the negative food reviews, since I had a really positive experience at this restaurant.When we got to the Bellagio, there was a line for the restaurant, but menus were posted so you could read while you waited. And the person in charge of the line was very efficient at seating people.When we got our table, two of us immediately ordered ridiculous cocktails called White Tigers that might not have technically gone with the Chinese food we ordered, but were nonetheless delightful.One of the people in our group ordered the pad thai dish people were slagging, and we both liked it. I tell you this, friends, having eaten some pad thai in my day.My dish was a bean curd with mushrooms and bok choy which is exactly up my alley, especially since it came with white rice that I could just ignore and so had a fighting chance of finishing my food. (The people that order noodles will need to share or take some home.) The bean curd (like fried tofu pieces) and shiitake mushrooms were great, and they cooked the bok choy like you're supposed to, so they're still tender-crisp instead of being overcooked into little puddles of limp green sadness.After my cocktail I ordered coffee, which might have been The Best Cups Of Coffee I've Ever Had. I wouldn't shut up about it for the rest of the day. Considering we're talking about Las Vegas, the prices were typical. Maybe we made lucky food choices, but we enjoyed ourselves!
4	Not so bad.  Beef Stew with noodles was yummy and my Taiwanese friend said she could taste the medicine that's supposed to be infused in the broth, which is a good thing, right? Hmmm.  Next time, I'm getting it with the udon noodles so I can satisfy my need for "que-que."  Duck was really good too, but the Hong Kong noodles were no bueno - too much salt.  Our server was also Formosan so after chatting with my friend in their home dialect , she hooked us up with free drinks. Yay~ Hence, I recommend you bring ur token Taipei friend along for better service. Kekeke~
4	We came here after a Celine Dion show and just wanted something quick and simple.  After you get over the initial shock of paying 15 bucks for a bowl of won ton noodle soup, you realize the food is pretty good here.  For Las Vegas, I would have to say this is as good as it gets for this type of food.  I'm sure others will disagree with me on this one but we really liked it despite the high prices.
3	We rolled in here about 10 pm on Christmas Day night.Spendy compared to normal Chinese food - on par for what you pay for on the strip in a nice hotel.The noodles were good - hot as hell (which I like - too hot for my dining companion) the Garlic Beef with Veggies and something else - was decent, and the fried rice was good too.I have to say, I was a lil surprised to walk out of there over $50 for two for food without cocktails.  Service was good, they were really busy, and I wouldn't rule out ever going there again, but next time it should be in the middle of the night, right after I won a ton of money.
4	After a crazy fun night in Vegas, I felt completely obligated to do something about my painfully blistered feet ( trust me this leads to the reason I came to Noodles).  So I headed to the closest nail spa to my hotel,  where the seemingly crazy woman who swore that the 80 dollar treatment she was about to do give my distressed footsies, was going to make walking in my shoes that night 10 times easier, only after she insisted she needed to add another 20 bucks to my treatment because my feet were just THAT effed up! So after a few minutes of my "ultimate feet pampering" I dont know why, but I felt the need to ask this crazy woman where was a good place to have lunch on the strip, without having her send me to a burger joint.  So she suggested Noodles @ the Bellagio.  So first thing I think.....Bellgio? Expensive? then I think......whatever, its vegas, everythings expensive.So I head there for lunch, and upon arrival, before your server even comes to your table, you are offered a small plate of dim sum, which we accepted, and it was absolutely deelish,  we then order a large sapporo ( which I love cuz its totally share-able) we shared a noodle plate which was a great idea because it was huge,  I was overall very pleased with everything, great place for lunch in Vegas.
4	One can only have $o much La$ Vega$ $tyle $morga$boardga$m all you can eat goodne$$ buffet type of meal, e$pecially if you are da hardcore $hiznit A$N and or gang$ta a$$ gambla.$o thi$ i$ where Noodle$ at the Bellagio come$ in, to $ati$fy that comfort food craving among$t A$N gamblaz of all $hape$ and $ize$. $ince A$N P33P$ tend to move (and gamble) at killer pace$ (get rich quick) one cannot afford to leave the $trip for a bite and lose momentum. Or if you are just vi$ting and need some authentic A$N flava without cabbing it to the mini Chinatown complex then Noodle$ i$ it.Review is based on two visit$, one in 2001, and another in 2002. Bring a ultra $ick & thick wallet, your jackpot wining$, poker chip$, or a credit card. The Cantone$e fare i$ nicely repre$ented here. A mi$h ma$h of everything you can think of, from $tir fry rice and noodle plate$, noodle $oup$, to the cla$$ic HK $tyle roastie$ like cha $hu, roa$t duck.In a $en$e you pay for the interior, decor, a$ well a$ the food and the almost triple in$ane markup. Way more pricey than airport fare (double.5?), but ea$ily $urpa$$ing any Chinatown. Be$t of all it i$n't some A$IAN FU$ION crap joint (aka FU$HIT). Perhap$ the Thai, Malay, $ingaporean, Vietname$e portion of the menu are not exactly repre$ented, but for the Canto $hizzle they do a damn good bang up job.Maybe $15 for chow kuei teow ($ingaporean fried ho fun) is $illy at $trait$ Re$taurant in Atlanta or SF Bay Area, but for $ome rea$on I woudln't mind paying the $$ for thi$ here if the choice$ were between only the two (arguably Noodle$ might charge $25......) Perhap$ thi$ place i$ more authentic? OK you didn't just read all that. My A$N Cheapne$$ p33p$ will di$own me for paying that much for a plate o' $treet $tyle munch.I look forward to returning $omeday, but I u$ed up all my $$$$ for thi$ review and can no longer afford to eat here.
4	Very friendly and professional staff.  Food is good, and the wine list is deep for this type of place.Expensive, yes, but anyone who complains about prices at a five diamond resort in Vegas, on the strip, has either A.) never been to Vegas, or B.) never been to a five diamond resort.  My shrimp dumpling noodle soup dish was $13.50, only a slight markup to the same dish at comparable places (example:  Zao in Palo Alto, and Long Life at Stanford Shopping Center).  When you level five acres of the most expensive real estate in the world for a LAKE, for crying outloud (Bellagio's lake on the strip), you can justify a few more bucks for Pho in your restaurants.
3	Pricey for Chinese food, but  it's in the Bellagio so it's no surprise.  Plus, they're open till 2am so you're paying for convenience too.I always order the same thing but it's a good combination and I can't seem to stray from it.  Edamame is nothing special, but at $7.50 it's probably one of the most expensive edamames out there.  Spicy Cucumber is really really good too.  It's more like a Korean kimchee style and I don't get how they get the cucumber so consistantly  crunchy, sweet, and spicy but again, it's expensive..  I think it was about $7 or $8 for a SIDE DISH..  My favorite all-time dish here is the braised beef & tendon soup with egg noodles.  The meat is cook well and is very tender, the egg noodles are thin and delicate, a really good combination, but the broth is a little too soy saucey.  Good food at incredibly high prices and the place to go for chinese food at late hours.
3	for this small little place i was surprised they were wheeling around dimsum and stuff.  i thought this place would be authentic because they spoke cantonese and had dim sum carts but its vegas and looks are deceiving.  alas it was only so so.i got the dumpling soup with egg noodles.  we shared the mini bok choy which they charged us $14.50 for.  the big normal bok choy is $7.50.  the dumplings were ok.  not authentic at all.  the mein was ok as well.  i have had better.  the bok choy had dirt in it.after a night of party soup noodles definitely hit the spot though.  we each had a bowl of noodles and shared the vegetables.  total bill $60.  god sometimes i hate vegas
5	What a pleasant surprise, we came to Noodle because a friend highly recommended it.  We had the two variations of Pad Thai and an assortment of Dim Sum. The food at Noodle was very delicious and the restaruant itself was very cute with decorations of noodles all along the shelves. I forget the prices so it probably wasn't that bad. No complaints from me!
4	Noodles provided satisfying eats for our first night in Vegas. We waited about 20 minutes for a table around 7:30 pm. The line for tables was somewhat long but thankfully moved quickly.Once seated, we started with cocktails. My tangerine mojito was delicious and one of the top 5 mojitos I've ever had (and, believe me, I have sampled a lot of mojitos!). My brother had the Funky Monkey which was a banana-y pina colada concoction that was delivered in a plastic coconut shell. My dad stuck with a glass of New Zealand wine.All of the different asian-y options on the menu looked delicious and tempting. We started with the vegetarian egg rolls and pork pot stickers. Both were hot, served with great sauces, and super. Next, we had the tom yum thai shrimp noodle soup. It was lighter than what we'd expected but yummy with lots of ginger and porcini mushrooms. Finally, we had the chicken pad thai, sweet and sour shrimp, and steamed vegetables. Recounting this, it sounds like a ton of food for 3 people (and I thought so at the time too) but we finished just about every last morsel. The portions were reasonable but not huge. The veggies were pretty ordinary and required soy sauce but the pad thai and sweet and sour shrimp were perfect! Now, my brother and I were fueled up for the night ahead at Tryst...
5	This is absolutely one of my very places to visit in Vegas, I come to town a couple times a year and I never miss it! I'm not Asian, so I certainly can't say whether or not it is authentic, but I can say for sure that it is damn tasty!I prefer to visit for Dim Sum, which is like a Chinese-brunch, and is served on the weekends from 11-2. We usually order a botte of wine or sake, a noodle or rice dish, and then just pick and choose whatever looks yummy on the carts that travel by every few minutes. The pork dumplings, shrimp balls, and BBQ pork buns are all amazing!!!There always seems to be a line when I come here, but it is always worth the wait!
2	It was the third day away from NYC food in combination of eating Vegas style steak+eggs-ish meals .... Noodles really hit the spot, even at $15 a small bowl of noodle soup (which would easily cost $3.75 in NYC chinatown).The food here isn't your typical Americanized chinese take-out.  Believe me, there is NO SUCH THING as sweet & sour pork or general tso's chicken in real chinese cuisine....  Noodles is on par in terms of taste.  If a restaurant can make money, have customers return, and write good reviews by serving food with 800% mark-up, bravo to you, seriously.  And for that, I refuse to give more than 2stars for such an establishment. The only complaint I had was the bowls were rather small compare to what I'm use to (Universal order of #1 at any Viet pho restaurant.... Taiwanese noodle shops... or even Korean naengmyun noodle bowls), and they don't give you much broth.  Being that I was pretty sick of buffet foods and rich french (Vegas-style) cuisine easily price at $40+ per person, paying $15 a bowl of noodles was fulfilling.PS - my Chinese parents would have died and hit themselves in the face with bokchoy and hot sauce if they knew I spent $50+ for a bowl of duck noodle soup, chicken congee, and roti canai.  Seriously, yo.
3	I was going to give this place a 2 star rating, because there's nothing that was worth wild. The price were crazy high, the food cost about $.25 to make and charges you up the nose!!=P But I gave it a 3 star, because there was something memorable...it was their appetizer dish...OXTAIL SOUP! that was superb!! so i bumped it up a star!=)
4	Great food, great service, nice ambience, and reasonable prices (for the Strip). So far, this is the best Chinese restaurant I've found on the strip in a resort.
2	We were quite tired after our drive from SoCal, so we decided to eat at the Bellagio, where we were staying for a few nights. The "cheapest" thing we could find here was this Asian restaurant named...Noodles.At 15 bucks for something like chow mein, you're paying for the decor or something else, certainly not the food. Rows and rows of dried noodles were on display on the shelves.Even with my parents paying our tab, our hands were tied from being thrifty folks, so we tried finding some of the cheaper things on the menu. This meant things like the Signature Premiere Rice.....which was bland fried rice despite the bits of pineapples and raisins they stuck in there.The Signature Chow Mein Mandarin Noodles with Barbeque Pork was surprisingly good, although the dish was a bit heavy on the onions. The noodles were thick and tasty.And the Yaki Udon with Chicken was just average, on the salty side, and heavy on the bell peppers, although I liked the texture of the noodles themselves.The chicken slices were quite large in this dish.These three dishes cost about 50 bucks and barely fed three adults and two young kids. When you're stuck in a Vegas casino and you've got few options, a place like Noodles is a decent place to get overpriced food. Otherwise, get in a car or taxi and head over to Vegas Chinatown for better Asian food.Full review and photos are on my blog.
4	We loved this place & so do many of our friends.  Fast service, super fresh asian noodle dishes.  We can't wait to get back to Vegas & eat here again.
2	The place is clean and one of the nicest Asian restaurants I've been to with the huge solid tables and the environment is well done.Value of food is very bad.  Tried their $27 signature rice (pineapple fried rice) and $26 mongolian beef and some $13-15 vegetable dish.  At that price (3-4x what it normally costs), you'd expect something great, but it was worse than the average chinese restaurant's food.Food came out quick, but service lacked in general.  Water was never refilled and the way the order was taken felt like a mom/pop shop restaurant.I don't recommend.
4	Ok I was skeptical coming here due to the authenticity factor and living in San Gabriel, land of so much great Chinese food, but alas it was a nice experience. We came for lunch because deb wanted some of her people's food. We ordered the beef stew noodle, green bean in XO sauce and Hainan chicken. Also we got two orders of dim sum, egg custard and a pork/shrimp dumpling. It is true this place is way high priced compared to our area ($18 dish here would be about $5-6) but it is Vegas and we ARE in the Bellagio so go with it and just enjoy. The server spoke Chinese and she asked if we wanted the food "Asian" style...bone in the chicken and tendon in the soup, I guess they actually take the time to use it for flavor but then remove it for the majority of the folks who come here, I mean didn't you all know white people don't like bones....lol....So the best part of the experience was watching people order the weirdest stuff and just thinking no wonder you don't like the food you are ordering stuff from various countries and don't even know it. One table had edemame with pad thai noodles, another table got the typical "orange" fish and beef with broccoli, and a third had some strange noodle thing, why are white people so funny?....the point is this place actually has authentic food just a bit high in price but the flavors were all great, I will be back.
3	Went here with my mom when she visited while I was here on my first leg of work in Vegas. It was very pricey so we got a bunch of appetizers so that we wouldn't end up with a meal we didn't like. We had the pot stickers, some shrimp skewers, calamari, and satay. Everything was good yet the portions for the price were very small! The satay also tasted a bit funny and wasn't the best I've had. The service was OK, nothing special. I think I'll try another restaurant rather than come back here.
5	Guess from reading all the other reviews that  I am in the minority by giving them 5 stars.  Most of the other lower ratings are because of their prices.  Although I agree that their prices are high I think it's still worth it.  I eat here regularly when I an in Las Vegas, 4-5 times a year, and I've never had a bad dish.  The service can get slow at times if you wait for them to come to you, but remember this is a Chinese restaurant, just wave at them or call out to them and they come over right away.  I've had a variety of dishes here and the food is always fresh, well prepared and you get plenty.  I like their roast duck.  I always order it boneless, this way I get breast meat which I think is the best part.  I could go on and on but I don't like witting long reviews.  Again, the prices are not that bad for Las Vegas.
5	My go-to chinese fix in Vegas. Potstickers, sesame chicken, thai iced tea.Best hangover cure there is. Quick service, excellent, quality food, gets a five star rating from me.
4	I would recommend Noodles, for what else? NOODLES!Reading some of the other reviews, makes me wonder, are these folks stupid or what? Commenting about the mediocre dim sum, pineapple fried rice, blah blah blah. Whoever orders pineapple fried rice should be hung right on the spot, period. And you don't go for dim sum at a place called noodles. Go to a place called dim sum. IDIOT!As for the chinese food, it isn't the most authentic fare out there but this isn't chinatown, it's the Bellagio and it's GOOD. The oxtail is delicious. My favorite noodle dish is the brisket, tendon, beef stew noodle soup w/ chow fun noodles. The salt and pepper prawns are large, crispy and very tasty. The duck was the best I've had in a very long time. It was a small portion but it was so damn juicy. I could've sucked on that duck all day. After a night of losing in the casino, come in by 2 am and drown your sorrows in a bowl of delicious noodles. NOODLES! not fricken dim sum or pineapple fried rice.
4	I give it a four b/c the Hainese rice dish I ordered reminded me of living in Singapore, so THAT's a  big plus in my book.  It tasted EXACTLY the way I remembered it.  If I could bottle that recipe and put it in my pocket, I'd be all over that.I just found it a liiiiiittle pricey for what we ate.But then again, it IS in the Bellagio, so I can't bitch too much.
1	We waited in line, which i thought showed a good sign that this Noooooodles Restaurant was good. Boy was I WRONG! Tired from all the activities in the Bellagio, I was looking forward to a good meal, I did not get it here. The food was not great, I wonder if I was eating a restaurant that didn't know they served bad food. I wanted to take my food to go and give to a needy person on the street. Never again, even if i hit the big $$$ in the casino.
2	I must preface this by saying we only ate here because we were starving and everything else in the hotel closed to prepare for dinner.  When I walked in, I thought the place looked promising seeing the decanters of dried noodles (which ok, follows the decor) but then i realized that these dried noodles probably leave their decanters and actually make it to our plates!  Not really, but I thought with a name called noodles, it would taste well homemade.  Boy was I mistaken.We started our meal off with the potstickers.  I've had better from Ling's that I make myself and for $15, it was bad.  Then, I started sipping my $4 ice tea.  $4 for what tasted like used bathwater.  Yuck,We then choked down the sweet and spicy noodles, which after dressing up with some soy sauce and more hot sauce didn't taste that bad.  But, for $50 for lunch, you can say Overratted.
4	I eat here every time I stay at the Bellagio and I am never disappointed! Be prepared to wait in line because this place is almost always packed. They offer the most authentic Chinese food in the area and I love everything they serve, especially their garlic stir fried vegetables. This isn't on the menu so just ask for it [:
4	Las Vegas - much less the Bellagio - would be the very last place I would think of if I was in the mood for jook. But lo and behold, among the five-dollar-sign eateries in the elaborate casino is a semi-reasonably priced noodle house. By no means is this in the same class as Picasso or Le Cirque. It's a place for the rest of us, the ones who forked over a hundred bucks to see Cher across the street at Caesar's Palace and didn't want to sink the rest of our savings on a meal we were too tired to enjoy anyway.This being Vegas, it's a lot nicer and contemporary than your standard noodle joint. It has rows of jars filled with all sorts of dried noodles set against a lighted wall - lest you make a mistake that this is not a noodle joint. We were served right away at about 9:30 on a Saturday evening, and the waiter was super-attentive. Jamie and I shared an $8 basket of five Shui Mai...pretty good and in need of the mustard sauce to spice them up (see my photo). Jamie went for the $18 plate of Spicy and Sweet Noodles with Chicken - which impressed us with the heft of the poultry pieces (see my photo).But on my own, I decided to try their Congee Chicken - a smallish bowl with iddy-biddy chicken bits and scallions (see my photo). Not the best jook I ever had but it was nice balm for my then-sore throat. I thought the price was high at $13 - but it did hit the spot at a time when I least expected to have some comfort porridge. We got out of there for a little over fifty bucks, which does seem ridiculous, but hey, this is Vegas. I should be happy I got away with my shirt intact.FOOD - 4 stars...jook in the land of over-plenty? who da thunk it?AMBIANCE - 4 stars...such a clean noodle jointSERVICE - 4 stars...quite attentive and responsiveTOTAL - 4 stars...hey, we all can't afford the like of Michael Mina and Todd English
4	We must have gone here like 3 times in one weekend. One of our friends was obsessed with this place. She must have gone here 6 times in 3 days. The manager even started talking to her and commented about how many times she's stop by. The food was hit or miss, but the few things that were good reminded me of a Taipei cafe. Some of the stuff was very authentic. The prices were high, but that's going to happen pretty much anywhere in Vegas. I think it's worth a trip back sometime. YUM!
3	This place was suprisingly pretty good, they had dim sum and other  typical chinese plates. The Thai Iced tea was pretty bomb too!!!  A pretty good experience, not off the charts, but if I'm at the Bellagio again I wouldn't mind going here.
3	Noodles at the Bellagio ????Ok, I'm game.. and I was pleasently suprised.  The beef noodle soup was pretty good.  Not the best I've had, but better than what I was expecting.  Saw the dim sum carts weaving around the tables but didn't trying anything, maybe next time.The food was good, service was expected, thought it was a little overpriced for some noodles.  But then again, it's the Bellagio, not some hole-in-the-wall place in chinatown.To sum it up, if I was at the Bellagio and was hungry, I'd go there again, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
3	Wow... for the amount of time we spent in line, this was just mediocre. I usually have incredibly good experiences at anything/everything in the Bellagio, but this is perhaps my least favorite place to eat in the Bellagio - note, it was still good... just not as good as everything else. The service was a bit slow & there is little to no seating inside. The food was ok, the dim sum was a bit disappointing. Overall, pricey for what you're getting.
3	Somehow Asian food just works at night...Noodles is inside the maze of the Bellagio and it's pretty large. Service is ok, but it's sorta expensive. Like $18 for HK style noodles. Given how complex it is to get in and out of hotels, and if you are craving asian food late at night, I'd go to Noodles....
4	As a not so bright sounding fellow once said...."These are really good noodles" - Keanu Reeves in The Matrix.Like all successful casinos Bellagio also caters to the Asian Population. Let me tell you they are very good at it. They even have a Sunday morning Dim Sum. I wish all asian restaurants were this nice & clean & perfect inside. (Please note my opinions are subjective) Then again does it really matter because I keep going to all the other places anyways. One of  the best things about this place is every dish or soup comes with your choice of type of noodle. I personally love the Dan Dan Noodle. It is a great place to go & eat when you are playing poker late night. I think it is the last place to get food late night. No that's wrong actually that was before the days of the Nightclubs and Fix. Never been a fan of that place though because I always felt like my dinner was getting window shopped by nosey passer-byers.
3	Oh, yeah, it's Chinese food alright.  Pretty authentic - hey the chefs and wait staff are all Chinese / Cantonese.  Just had the beef chow fen, and it taste exactly like the $10 one I get in CA... but it cost me $23.  Oh well, it's in Bellagio, with people gambling with $25 chips, so I guess that kind of price cannot be avoided.
4	Review based on 20+ visits.Although the food here isn't amazing, it's pretty good. You'll find a lot of food here that you won't anywhere else in Vegas. This place is pretty much run by Asian people, so a lot of the diners here are actually Asian people as well. Waitresses usually speak both Mandarin and Cantonese, and of course English. So even if you come with your non-English speaking parents, you won't get into a mess with ordering. Asians have a hard time adapting to fancy food, so this place is very comfortable to eat at. The price is bit high, but it's Vegas. If you're complaining about the prices, why are you in Vegas in the first place? Walk down the street to a McDonald's or something. Most of the dishes here are pretty authentic tasting, though some do have a modern or 'American' touch to them. Don't expect their iced teas to taste like the Asian cafe type! They're still the unsweetened American restaurant version. The decor is pretty cool. Just lit up walls with shelves of different types of dry noodles in glass jars. Also very clean! Waits are usually no more than 30 minutes from my experiences, though sometimes I see some pretty long lines.Overview:Great Asian food, especially for Vegas.Modern decor. Nice utensils and plating. Well-lit restaurant. Very clean!Run by Asian people. Waitresses speak Cant + Mand + Eng.Pricey, but not fine-dining pricey. Normal by Vegas standards.Waits are usually no more than 30 minutes at most hours of the day.
5	An excellent Chinese restaurant at a beautiful casino in Vegas. It's a bit pricier than your usual Chinese restaurant, but you're on the strip and in the casino, so expect to pay a bit more!  Plus, the waitresses actually greet you and provide some decent customer service! The menu is pretty extensive, offering a variety of dim sum items, soups, seafood and rice dishes. We ordered the won ton soup, lap cherng (chinese sausage) fried rice and curry chicken and all the dishes were tasty! The decor is beautiful as well, with jars of ingredients laid out on the walls. It's a friendly restaurant with a friendly staff. I would totally recommend that you check out this place! :)
4	Came here after a night of partying, and it was exactly what we needed.We ordered noodles and had a feast on their dimsum items, which were exceptionally good.I ordered the beef noodles, and i thought overall, most of the noodles were just OK. nothing spectacular. The high rating is mostly for the dimsum, absolutely incredible.
4	Friday early afternoon and dim sum was on the menu.Before I go on, Let my preface my review with...  I'm far from a dim sum aficionado.  I've eaten only once with a friend and liked it.  Not coincidently, my one and only prior experience with dim sum was at Noodles. The doors opened at 11:00 AM, and I arrived at exactly 11:00 AM (I had work at 12:00 noon).  I explained to my waitress and the women manning the fried and steamed dim sum carts that I'm green in terms of my dim sum experience and I'd like their help.  I was given 3 or 4 items from each cart (ranging from $4 - $7 each) and left to my own devices.  Unfortunately, I cannot tell you what I was given, but I can tell you that enjoyed it all immensely, especially 2 or 3 of the items.  I left at 11:45 happy and only $40 lighter in the wallet.My friend who introduced me to dim sum told me that now that I have a taste for it he'll take me to a dim sum restaurant that will trump Noodle, easily.  Having heard that I'll give Noodles 4 stars, 5 stars if after I eat at the  other restaurant I prefer Noodles over it.  i'll definitely be back.
3	its always good to have some Chinese food after a few buffets...came here for lunch... food is pricy for chinese food and dim sum... but i came here on comps... so it didnt matter...the salmon cold noodle was superb... apart from that... everything is just slightly about average...
4	Located inside the Bellagio, this place is awesome, great food, very fresh meat and veggies. Always impressed, right down to the premium teas! Bring a fat wallet, you won't leave disappointed, besure to try the lechon de leche(suckling roast pig).
5	I loved it.  Being in Las Vegas, and not having some good ol' greasy chinese noodles was making me sad.  My husband and I were walking along and BAM.  Tried it, loved it!  I ordered Shanghai Noodle Cake, and my husband ordered XO sauce noodle with shrimp, which was OKAY.  But my noodle cake dish was SO YUMMMMMMMY!It was nice seeing the good ol' chinese servers.  Most of Las Vegas has makeup and is all fake looking.  But here, the servers are regular chinese looking workers, haha!Love it!
3	Round 2...Noodle's was dim sum for me up until I tried Elite Restaurant in Los Angeles.  It pains me to type it, but Noodle's is a water downed version of dim sum meant not to frighten off the typical hotel guest.  Where was my variety of flavors and textures? Where were my chicken feet and jelly fish?  Not at Noodle's.  I'll eat here again, but I'll expect less.  Sad (tears dripping into my miso soup).
4	Went to Noodles for lunch while staying at the Bellagio. First thing I noticed was the decor which looked very nice.  We were a party of three and ordered three dishes plus an appetizer but we only managed to finished three out of four.Prices were higher than expected but portions were very big so it was ok.Pros: They had a variety of Asian dishes (Thai, Chinese, Japanese, etc...) which I  thought it was great.Overall, I believe service was great and the food tasted original.
5	This is a busy, busy restaurant and for good reason!It isn't a large spot, many tables are set close together to accomodate as many parties as possible.  It's crowded but not uncomfortable.  The settings are nice, the decor is tasteful and well done.  Everything thing seems clean and well maintained - something very important to me. Even when a bustle you can hear your company, so that's good.  Pleasant restaurant to spend lunch in.The wait staff was nice.  From the attentive, quiet but nice waiter to the dim sum cart women - we were served in a timely, nice fashion.  Don't expect or a chatty server but the job is done and done right.  Something I appreciate in a busy restaurant.I had the pork buns from the dim sum chart.  It was perfectly done and the pork was sweet, savory and I couldn't help but eat 2!  I ordered the chicken curry.  It came in a soup type dish, cute presentation.  It was soooooo good!  Amazing flavors, a little spicy and honestly the best curry I've had.  The chicken just fell off the bone and I ate every last bit.The amazing food was well complimented by the cute decor and nice staff.  I will definately go again when in Vegas!
4	very yummy!!!!!  i could eat here every single day and never tire of it.  little on the spensy side, but very large portions.  i suggest maybe splitting an entree, but definitely fill up on appetizers!minus one star for no free refills!!!  what the hell is that about?  it's vegas!!!!
4	The thai iced tea and sesame chicken is still top notch. The mai tai's are ridiculously strong and will hit you like a sack of wet hammers. I came here twice in a week, left satisfied both times. Still a Vegas staple for me.
3	You know when you're about to eat at the Bellagio, first thing that comes to mind is "I'm gonna be fatter, but my wallet will be skinnier". Noodles is probably one of the cheaper venues at the Bellagio, but still overpriced for what we ordered. Paying $4+ for shrimp dumplings (hao gaw) is absurd, but hey, it's Vegas. I shared a $15 bowl of beef noodle soup with my friend and it was plentiful. The noodles were...well...noodles; There was only one piece of beef chuck and the rest were tendons; And the soup had a nice kick (hits the spot after a nasty hangover). It's a good place to visit if Chinese food is your comfort food, but I wouldn't be sad if I never came here again. I say give it a try one time if you're staying on the strip, but no need to go out of your way.
5	yep. this place is busy. because it is super good!decor is really nice. they have jars full of uncooked noodles everywhere!!!the food is really good. this is one of those restaurants u look at the menu and everything looks good and u dont know what to order!!! here are some of my favoritescentury egg appetizerany of the vegetablestaiwanese beef noodle (the broth is soooo good and meat is really soft)hainanese chickenthai noodleif you actually gamble at bellagio, you might not know but the high limit lounge serves food from noodles! everything noodles makes is all around good and i def. recommend this place to everyone!
3	For a restaurant in Vegas, and in Bellagio of all places, the prices werent too bad. Couldve easily charged at least a few more bucks a plate and still have a line out the door.That said, the food was ok. Not amazing, but not unedible neither.  Just ok. Would I go back? Probably - I want to try more of the noodles. You'd think that wouldve been the logical choice of dish. Nope not for me. I practically ate everything that wasn't a noodle dish. Whoops.But who can blame me? I was drunk. (we are talking Vegas after all)
4	So we cut a hole in Todd English's face and pretended to be him.  Is that a reason to give us mean looks from your table?  We behaved ourselves for the other couple and they didn't like us either.  Whatever, I didn't like them but I did like Noodles.  I can't remember what we ordered but it was super yummy.  The waitress kind of lied though.  "Is this dish spicy?"  Waitress, "Oh not spicy, no spicy."  Liar!  I spiced my ass off with that dish.  That dish had hot Asian spice up to its nuts.  Ok so the place is in the Bellagio but it's really not that expensive.  I didn't cry when I got the bill.  Sure it's an Asian place in a hotel.  Yeah I know, Asian food, what does that mean, what kind of Asian?   Sure for the Chinese dishes you could just go to Chinatown but I'm serious, this place wasn't bad! AND it's open late!
1	Place has a nice ambiance, a nice feel to it. I liked the jars of ingredients and its calm, hip tone to the restaurant. Fresh from playing cards from Caesars, my buddies wanted some asian noodles in the bellagio. The wait to get in was about 20-30mins. I wasn't pissed at line to get in (other people in the line were, especially a group of trekkies?) I mean its Vegas and gamblers have to eat sometime? So, we sat down ordered and I decided to go with some spicy chicken noodle dish. It was quite hot and spicy when I tasted it. It took a total of 5 mins for them to muster it up. I was shocked at the cooking times of this noodle joint and I think I knew why.... Because 10mins after my meal, I could not hold it down. I spent prolly the next hour in the casino's well maintained bathrooms. I was hurling my brains out and spewing chunks. This was one of the worst food experiences.
4	If I were to rate this place just on the dish I had, I would have given it a 3 but I'm pretty sure I just accidentally ordered a side dish as my entree. I ordered beef chow mein and the noodles were rather bland but I think I ate every piece of beef on the plate. The service here is really cool. It's a really busy restaurant but it's not huge so the serving staff will help each other out if you need something. What won this place over for me was the dessert. It was awesome to find an authentic Asian dessert right on the strip. Maybe I was just in the mood for it but the mango sticky rice dessert was delicious! They score half of a mango, just like my mom did for me when I was a kid. I don't know where they could possibly get such sweet fruit on the strip but I was scraping the peel with my lower teeth after I ate all the squares. At the time I went, everyone else was dressed in business attire so I'm sure it's perfect for people who work in the area. I would still feel comfortable taking a family here though. I'll be back to try another entree next time.
2	I'm from San Francisco, so I'm used to amazing noodles and Chinese food in general. The smells coming from the restaurant were great. Sadly when I got my dish, a shanghai style noodle soup, it wasn't great. Very little flavor and the meat wasn't cooked to my liking. Worth a try if you're willing to risk it.
3	Chinese food here is alright. It's a go to place if you want something somewhat cheap in Bellagio and late at night.
4	So after some pretty bad dining experiences this time around. Sunday we passed by Noodles. I had been wanting to try this place for a while and was sold when i saw they had dim sum on sundays. It took a while to be seated but it was worth the wait. My boyfriend, friend and I got some dimsum. We didnt get to try as much as we would have liked and it was almost over, but what we did get to try was fantastic!! Way better than expected.The food was okay. We ordered veggie spring rolls which were good but i've had better. We also got the mongolian beef and some chicken friend rice. All yummy but by no means the best.If you are looking for dim sum on a sunday i highly recommend this place but if you are looking for some tasty chinese food you would probably have better luck at Chonois in Caesars.
4	I like this place!! I thought the food was fresh and service was great!!  I don't think the price was really that bad if you compare it to other hotels restaurants.  The place looked cool too
4	Very nice place. Food was very good and they had a lot of variety. Not too expensive, but not cheap either.There was a long wait to get a table and staff wasn't too friendly at times.
4	I don't know about anything else but the noodle soups here are very good especially the wonton noodle with bbq pork yum! I've even took the taxi to Bellagio if I am staying at a different hotel. Price is reasonable considering it is in the Bellagio. Right next to pai gow tables and I love me some pai gow.
2	For being in the Bellagio, the dishes were very sub-par.I live in the Bay Area, so I do speak with bias - I can easily find the same quality dish for half the price, within walking distance from my apartment in Berkeley. Some of the dishes were bland. Overall, the food was mediocre. The price is reasonable - for Vegas.
4	The food at Noodles are good.  I wouldn't call it fusion, they are more towards chinese food from southeast asia (Malaysia, Singapore, Hong Kong, Thailand).It reminded me of food that I can get back home, except for the price.But of course, it's at the Bellagio so that's normal.We had potstickers and egg rolls for appetizers. The potstickers were tasty and egg rolls crunchy.  For entrees, we had the seafood congee and stir fry noodles with XO lobster sauce. The XO noodles were a little too peppery but still were very yummie!!This is a good place for breakfast/ lunch/ brunch. It is a small restaurant and it does get crowded, so plan ahead.  The decor was also cute I thought, the wall on one side of the restaurant was covered by glass jars of different types of dry noodles. See pictures.  What a nice touch!
2	I really really wanted to love Noodles, but I came away from the meal just thinking it was ok.In all fairness, we didn't study the menu very well, we were tired and hungry, so we just ordered stuff we would order at home. We ordered shrimp chow mein and a bbq pork and duck plate. The chow mein was fairly good, but I thought it was lacking some flavor. And it only had 4 shrimp in it which was disappointing. The pork/duck plate was really good. The pork was very tender, not dry at all. The duck was not as greasy as you might expect. Unlike the chow mein, both had a lot of flavor.We both ordered drinks too. I got the White Tiger martini and my bf got the Zombie drink. Now if you order this drink and the server advises "this is a big drink, is that ok", she/he doesn't mean its just bigger than say a martini. She/he means that you could probably share it with another person, and it comes in a bowl with a flame in the middle. Craziness.The bill was just under 115 with tip. On the expensive side for what we got, but we knew that going in. Its defintely not a must eat place for me, but I might go back to try another noodle dish sometime.
3	Good for real Chinese food in a Casino, but $18 for Roast Duck and Cha Siew on Rice?  FAIL.
3	4 stars for being able to get a tasty and good-sized portion of spicy Malaysian Chicken Fried Rice, late afternoon without leaving Bellagio. Soaked up some of the day's excess alcohol wonderfully.A star off for having to pay Bellagio prices for the above.
3	Being Chinese, I am a pretty discerning dim sum connoisseur. The dim sum here is pricey and SMALL. However, I had some XO green beans that were OUTTA this world. The Dan dan noodles were also good, but pricey. I ate a few dishes of dim sum (2) and two side entrees and my bill was $60 (oh yeah.. two sodas). I think this was the most pricey dim sum I ever ate.
4	Always come here whenever we goto Bellagio.  I was so happy that they now have dim sum.  I love dim sum on those metal carts....I also ordered the seafood noodle soup.  The noodles were soooo good.  Can't wait to come here again
4	I was in Las Vegas for the Pacqiao vs. Cotto fight and happened to meet my friends for breakfast at this place.According to the name of the place and what I have seen online, this place is supposed to be a "noodle house." Now, I didn't get around to any noodles because it was breakfast time... so being half Chinese myself, I ordered Chinese breakfast... aka Dim Sum.As far as Dim Sum goes, they had everything I could have wanted:   - Pork Siu Mai   - Shrimp Siu Mai   - Har Gow   - Sio Pao   - Chicken Feet (gross to Americans, delicacy for Asians)Everything was nicely prepared and tasted excellent... especially the Chicken Feet. I guess my only complaint would be that it is a little pricey (due to the number of people in our group) and that the Dim Sum was a little small in size. But as far as Dim Sum goes, the price is really going to be determined by how hungry you are since you order each item separately.Other than that, I can't really complain. It was a wonderful break from steaks and buffets.I will have to check them out for lunch or dinner some time.
4	Great lunch spot.  We really enjoyed our food and drinks here.  Service was a little spotty, and lunch was a little pricey, but the food was top notch.
2	long wait, rude server, below average food taste, not so cheap price. do the mathi still give this place 2 stars because they have a decent laksa. one thing that's really unforgivable is that i had a really high expectation for one of its menu "deep fried dory with thai sweet spicy sauce", well, it's located in bellagio, people were waiting to be seated for hours, and i'm an asian, so i think it's very normal to imagine that the food will come out as something exquisite just like how the food is being served in my country.noit was like eating fish nugget with the thai sauce that you can buy from the market for $3, even the food presentation itself is just plain, no decoration or whatsoever. with a price tag of $28i'm so not returning to this place, penang malaysian cuisine tastes way better and cheaper
1	The boyfriend and I went to Vegas and decided not to stuff ourselves at the buffet for once.  We were in the Bellagio and saw Noodles, so we decided to give it a try.  We weren't too hungry so we only got one appetizer, the Satay, and one entree, the Pad Thai.  The dishes were mediocre tasting and somewhat expensive - oh well, it's Vegas right?  Little did I know that as we stepped out and began walking to Planet Hollywood, I would start to feel a little uneasy in the stomach.  I quickly looked for a restroom and dashed in as I set my eyes on one (I will leave the rest to your imagination- what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas... hehe).  Before this unexpected turn of events, I thought Noodles was average at worst, but after wards, I said to myself  "I will never set my butt in there ever again".  After the mistake of eating there, I realized that, indeed, the best bet in Vegas is the buffet.  Even though after eating at most buffets, my stomach lining always feels like it is on the verge of tearing, the pain is worth it since it still better than Noodles.
4	After several hours in the casino, we arrived at Noodles, drinks in hands.  Without question, we were seated and got to keep our drinks (what a plus).It was a perfect spot for lunch if you don't want to leave your amazing hotel.  A spicy dish is the perfect pick me up to take you to dinner.I cannot wait to go back.
2	When arriving to Vegas I was getting over being sick with the flu. I was still a little bit sick but that wasn't going to hold me down! So we waited in this massive line which the servers said would take about an hour to maybe two hours long. While waiting and waiting about an hour and half we got to sit on a table. I knew what I already wanted and what I ordered was edamame for everyone to share and a porridge with century egg in it and a little bit of pork. The edamame had a lot of salt on it and that was kind of a turn off. The porridge was alright but of course I'm not going to say it was amazing. Overall the food was alright and the 7 people I was with enjoyed it as well. Service wasn't that great though, so don't expect much from the servers. They aren't going to refill anything for you until you wave your hand up and down.
4	this expensive noodle place is located in the heart of the bellagio and decorated nicely with all types of noodles in jars as their wall displays. we were here during the holidays right before new years eve, you can imagine the massive line and the long wait. we were probability in line for about a good 40 minutes passed midnight.while looking around at the managers and the waitresses, they all seem to be either speaking mandarin or cantonese, we decided that we should stick to their chinese and taiwanese style noodles instead of thai, indian, or vietnamese.i ordered the beef stew noodle and the gf ordered their wonton noodle. they were prepared rather quickly. although, there are no choices for thick or thin egg noodles like most other authentic noodle houses and you are stuck with oil-egg noodles for the beef stew and the lo-mien for the wonton. we were still pretty satisfied with the authenticity and the tastes of their noodle dishes.usually those two items would cost us about 10 dollars total at a small business, we paid about 40 dollars here. but then again, we are on the vegas strip at the bellagio. i supposed that's justified enough. at least that' what i kept telling myself. even though they charge over triple the regular price, the service was still crappy like every other aisan places. but just remember, if you need something... raise your hand! wave your hands! stand up and give them your best jazz hands!i am sure i'll be back again, even though they are expensive. i don't mind paying the price for convenience when i am in las vegas...i guess
5	On an impromptu trip to Vegas with boyfriend we discovered this place too late in the stay.  If we knew about it sooner we would have gone here everyday.  The food is great, authentic, and compared to the other options (excluding buffet) more reasonably priced.  It made me wish that finding great Chinese food in my own city wasn't such a gamble in itself (that was a pun).  Fresh watermelon juice and duck fried rice put me on a winning spree, from which we could afford a meal at my next review...Also, famous poker player eating at the table next to us (who my boyfriend pointed out, are you kidding, like I keep mental note of famous poker players, that's almost as boring as baseball players, or stock car drivers) speaking with the waitress in Chinese felt authentic in a weird, Vegas sort of way.
3	Wanted a bite and a break from poker. Been to Bellagio dozens of times and never ate here.It's a nicely decorated mid priced,anywhere but Vegas, restaurant. The udon noodle soup is as good as any I've had anywhere. The service was pleasant,courteous and fast. It's only for a fast bite. I will return,  esp when alone.
5	This is one of my favorite places on earth.   The food is excellent, the steamed or fried dumplings are the best I've had.   And, if you are feeling a bit rough, the Thai Noodle or Japanese Seafood soup are actual hangover cures.   The atmosphere is easy going, has fun energy and fast, polite service every time I've eaten there .. which I think might be over 30 times now.   Stop reading this, order the skewered shrimp already !   And, get the dumplings.
1	Never paying $20 for beef noodle soup ever again... No matter how fancy u make a beef noodle soup... they can add gold flakes and serve it in crystal bowls... Bellagio or not, I am not paying $20 for a mediocre beef noodle soup ever again. They used so much MSG in it, I felt sick and fell asleep at 10pm... lol.  I also tried my friend's fried rice... it tasted so mushy... Sorry Noodles.. but never again lol
2	nothing special about this place other than the crazy prices.everything here, you can get at a chinese restaurant for at least 1/2 of the price.I'd rather spend $5 on beef stew noodle soup than $15 at bellagio.  The only good thing about this place is the cleanliness but that's about it
3	Let's make this simple.You're hungry, you don't want to get gouged in a hotel restaurant, you don't want to take the time to research another restaurant not to mention leaving the Bellagio and you are on limited time.Wellllllllll, you might as well head to Noodles then.  It's good average Asian food.  They have Chinese, Thai, Japanese and Vietnamese dishes and it's double the price of what you would normally pay at any of your local favorite restaurants back home but the portions are bigger here.  You'll leave stuffed and you can head right back to your room.  You will pay for it dearly but it's very fresh and depending on what you get, you may return some day....  I did. Go see the menu for options and prices at the door.
4	I think this might have been our favorite meal of the trip. Yes, like everything and everywhere we went in Las Vegas  it was expensive, but the quality was very good. We had a little bit of dim sum, shrimp wonton soup which was excellent and a delicious noodle dish with barbecued pork. Very good lunch in a very nice atmosphere.
3	We grabbed a quick lunch here and the food was fine - nothing great but fairly tasty.  The options for vegans were basic and the mushroom dumplings were actually very good.  Service was quick and the ambience fine.
3	I would recommend Noodles to those who are staying or gambling at Bellagio and want convenience and average Asian food.  Since my friends and I fell in that category  the last time we were in Vegas, we gave Noodles a try.  Overall, the food was okay but I wasn't overly impressed by the establishment, especially in Vegas, given that Vegas is full of great food options.Noodles offers a wide variety of dishes of various different Asian cuisines - Thai, Chinese, Japanese, and Vietnamese.  We tried the Hainanese chicken, beef noodle soup, chicken chow mien, Malaysian fried rice, agadashi tofu, and steamed dumplings -- yes we were very hungry.  I was most impressed with the beef noodle soup - which was surprisingly authentic and flavorful.  The chow mien was okay.  The fried rice and steamed dumplings were really good.  The agadashi tofu was flavorless.  We also tried their Thai iced tea, which was really good. Service was really slow and crappy.  There was a line outside the restaurant of people waiting to be seated even though there were many empty tables.  The servers were not friendly.  Eh, my favorite Asian restaurant in a Vegas casino is still Noodle Asia at Venetian.
3	Noodles is a very good restaurant. The decor is pleasing and in terms of its subtle approach, it matches the flavors of the food. All of the dishes are fresh and not very spicy. The prices do not seem as high as some Yelpers have suggested.
4	We're definitely coming back to this place. After a night of frustrating stops and starts with other restuarants (poor front of house service at Yellowtail and raw tenderloin at Circ) we finally found a decent place to eat.  Noodles and curry laksa after our late night show = delicious. Wait time for a table = very small.Prices = reasonable.We would have saved ourselves much frustration and time if we had just started out here from the get go. Can't wait to return.
2	Asian eats right off the casino floor in Bellagio.  We stopped by for a light lunch break from blackjack.  It's quite expensive for so-so standard Asian fare.  $8 for 5 pork dumplings, $17 for a big bowl of seafood noodle soup, $8 for a pot of jasmine tea.  Quality of the food was nothing special, which made it harder to pay so much for mediocre chinese food.  Good clean decor and service though.  Oh, and we liked how there was a slot for your soup spoon on the edge of the bowl -- No more accidentally losing your spoon into your noodles!
2	I was sorely disappointed at the lack of flavor and service at this restaurant, being that it is in the Bellagio.  Despite being a casual dining place, the prices were fairly high, but typical for something in this hotel.  To be honest, I get much better Chinese food off the strip and felt robbed of my money when paying the check, but I'll explain that in a bit.First, we were in the Bellagio for something to eat, since I wanted Jean Philippe's afterward.  We walked toward the buffet and I was adamant on trying this restaurant because of the lovely decor and simple menu.  We were seated immediately at the back corner of the restaurant against the wall.  The part that irritated me was this grass skirt hanging decor that hung over our soy sauce and touched the table and I.  To top it off, it was extremely dusty and dust particles were falling slowly, like snow, onto the table.  I was shocked to see filthy decor on the wall.  Still, we ordered our food and we had to stick it out.The shumai and chicken satay appetizers came out first.  Both were okay but nothing to rave about.  Although it was packed with flavor, the shumai reminded me of mushy microwavable shumai from the grocery store.  I wasn't impressed at all.  As for the chicken satay, it was dry and the sauce wasn't flavorful for my taste.  It simply fell short.My husband wanted the main courses to be outstanding, as did I, but alas--they were sad plates of Chinese food.  We ordered a chicken chow mein, soya chicken (skin on) and bbq pork fried rice.  All of it was blase.  I wasn't impressed with the flavors, textures, or presentation.  The fried rice was extremely dry and was fluffy, almost as if they used Uncle Ben's rice instead of regular rice to make the dish.  The chow mein was okay, but it was overpowered by salt for some reason.  As for the soya chicken, it was moist and tasted good enough to chew and swallow.After an 83 dollar check for what we ordered, I was upset at this place for charging those prices for meager Chinese food.  The service was prompt on drinks, but that was it.  Our server was also very pushy.  After ordering our first entree he was ready to leave.  After all that I wanted to stop at Beijing Noodle at Caesar's to get shumai and noodles, and then HK and Food Express for other chinese dishes to make me feel better about Chinese food.  It was sad, sad eats at this restaurant.  I hate being depressed over food so expensive.  I will never eat at this place again, although the food was edible.  It lacks luster and authenticity despite the 100's of asians working the kitchen and the floor.  Either someone dumbed down their taste or they believe dumbing down Chinese food appeals to the masses.  Either way, someone did something very wrong at this place, and it will kill them in the long run.Steer clear of Noodles.  I'm thankful it's in a corner that most people don't walk by because it doesn't deserve an audience.
3	ok i know what you're thinking. WTH are you doing eating expensive chinese food in a vegas hotel right? well we were starving and we wanted rice. 1. Wonton noodles: the wontons were not bad, it tasted close to authentic wontons. too much noodles, too little wontons!2. 2 kinds of bbq (bbq pork and roasted duck): the soy sauce that was on the rice was super good. perfectly sweetened. The cha siu was good and lean and the duck was prepared well. this place taste close to the real deal....and i got to order in chinese. pretty legit now.
3	This is conveniently tucked inside the Bellagio where we had our last lunch here with the crew. We noshed on dimsum since we were turned off by the buffet line and needed something fast. It didn't help that we had a large party with us but we were seated right away when a spot opened up for us. They do have dimsum carts here and even a full menu. We shared the roti prata appetizer and a few shrimp balls. We had the peking duck and bbq pork combination which came with steamed rice and greens. It was filling. Service was spotty and the food's expensive. For a quick dimsum meal, I'd come back here again. The food's decent.
2	Turns out eating here, appropriately, is a crap game. Food always OK To good. Service, you need to bring your luck.
3	We stopped in for a quick snack after checking in. The menu is so all-over-the-place (Chinese! Thai! Japanese! Vietnamese!) that you expect the worst. But we were too weary for niceties.Satay, noodles, spring rolls were all satisfying, with Tsingtao to wash it down. I admit that's not much of a survey, but we were surrounded by multigenerational families sharing noodles and looking happy. The design is clean-lined and bright. The service is fine, but not warm and fuzzy. Maybe not fine dining, but fine with me.
4	The food is good but it's so pricey and smaller compare to other place. I've had better food but the service is better  It's also clean, they wear latex gloves when handing you the dim sum. I've never seen a Chinese restaurant that wears any. I also had the roasted, the presentation is great.If you wanna get full for a good price. Don't come here. If you're lazy and don't want to leave the Strip and don't like PF Changs or Chin Chins. Come here.
4	Went to Noodles on the recommendation of someone who had been there a week before.  For a group of 4, we split 2 appetizers, 2 entrees and a bottle of wine, and it ended up being around $120 -- not to bad compared to a lot of other places in the area, and we left very satisfied.  The food was light and flavorful without being too greasy.For appetizers we ordered the edamame and cucumber and seaweed salad.  I personally think you can never go wrong with edamame and the cuc/seaweed salad was so refreshing!  So perfect after you've been walking the desert heat on the strip!  For our meals we split the kung pao chicken with peanuts and the sesame chicken.  Both were very flavorful and had a bit of spicyness to them, which went great with the sweet white wine we picked out.Our server was also very attentive, friendly and knowledgable.  I'd reccommend Noodles to anyone else I know visiting Vegas
2	We waited almost an hour to be seated when there were only 3 groups in front of us in line. We got the shrimp wonton soup and some chowmein. I thought the food was boring. I dropped a shrimp wonton in my lap and our server, who was taking an order at the table next to us, stopped what he was doing to point and laugh at me, then finished talking to the table and didnt even stop by to offer me a napkin. When I stopped him later to ask for one he acted put out. They charged us for our tea, and it was gross. I thought the food was boring, and wayyyy overpriced. They dont even put vegetables in their chowmein. I would have only given them one star because I hated the whole experience, but I had to add a star because my husband was happy with getting a chance to sit down and eat what he called simple food. It made him happy so they earn a star.
4	Yea! I get so excited to come to vegas and have some noodle bar at the bellagio.  Especially late night. Abalone congee, wonton noodle soup, roast pork rice, beef pan fried noodle...yumz reminds me of c-town in ny. Love the decor, its simple and very asian. Some of the dishes can get pricey but its the bellagio don't expect less! I just wish it was open late late night. It would be perfect for coming after partying.  They need noodle bars in every casino/hotel in vegas!
4	Oh yeah.. I think I've found my Chinese quick fix on the Strip.Excellent, because sometimes I just get lazy to have to head over to Chinatown.Anyways, this place is pretty yummy and authentic considering that it's located at the Bellagio.Prices are pretty decent (again, considering that it's located at the Bellagio).We had the Beef Noodle and Spicy Thai. Both were good and totally hit the spot for me, especially after a night of binge drinking and gambling at the Bellagio tables. However, the Beef Noodle was the clear winner, and there's a 99.9% probability that that's what I'll be getting the next time I visit.
4	drunk buzz, or hungry.  = this is the place to be.  I was just here the past weekend and i ate at this place 3 times.  There can be a long wait, but so worth it.  I usually get the wonton noodles with a side of roasted duck or the mandarin beef stew noodles.  Absolutely amazing.  During the day they also have dim sum.  Recommended: watermelon juice. so delicious.  Its a bit pricey between 10-20 bucks, but its Vegas! very good, and you know its a clean Chinese restaurant with a good chef for being in bellagio.
4	I ordered the basic chow mein noodles with chicken.  It was pretty tastey but not the best I've had...they seemed a little soggy (wierd, I know).  The old man ordered spicey noodles with chicken and he seemed to be satisfied!  He has a high tolerance for spicey dishes, so it was right on for him!  The dim sum all looked GREAT but we didn't order any this time.  I would definitely go back...even just to have a smorgasbord of appetizers!
3	It's really hard to review restaurants on the strip because you're not sure if you should account for the expensiveness of the restaurants. I might have given this place 4 stars if the wonton noodle soup I had was not $14, and not $3.99 like I would pay for in any given Chinese restaurant anywhere else in this world.If you are Chinese and gambling and you dont like white or fusion food, you're probably the target audience for Noodles. The only fusion thing about this place is the decor. We tried to avoid Noodles because, well, it's in the Bellagio; but I was craving for some warm broth at 11:30pm and the PF Chang was conveniently just closed when we walked in at 11ish. My boyfriend got the $16 BBQ pork on rice (cha siu) and I got the $14 wonton noodle soup. It's authentic, no doubt and the bbq pork on rice was REALLY good. The wonton was a little dry, and the whole thing was good (not really really good). True Chinese comfort food.The decor is elegant, because, you know, it's the Bellagio. I guess the main thing is that it opens really late (even after O finishes at 11:30 you can still eat there) so that's where they get you (well, if you're not interested in eating a FAT burger down the road). I was satisfied, but there's a hole in our pocket where all the money fell out.
1	I went to Noodles with friends to have a soup+noodle fix after the first night. I ordered the wontop soup noodles and found a tiny black bug. When I told the waitress, she took the dish back right away, but did not offer words of apology - although that could've been due to her poor language skills. They took my order off the tab but that was it. No managers came. Nothing. I was too tired from waiting in line/food to even throw a fit. I guess inspections are not getting done too swell at Bellagio.
1	Even though i realized this place is Asian fusion, still thoroughly disappointed. Vegetables are old, fruits are from cans, and noodles are limp...LIMP!
3	Okay, so the reason it's 3 rated is because the service knocked it down.  The food is really good, but portions are pretty small.  The service is terrible.  The manager walked around talking to all the tables that were non-asian and ignored the asian tables. What is up with that???The food was good, but I could probably find the same quality of food at chinatown for cheaper prices.  It's an okay place to eat if you want to grab a quick bite with no regards to service.  The dim sum is pretty good, and they still push around the little carts.  Note:  Some of the servers do not speak English.
4	What?  real chinese food at the Bellagio?Crazy I know.  Yeah, they got a smatteriing of stuff from here from some other south-east asian places, but mostly the stuff is Chinese.  Various congee, pea-pod greens, roast pig and duck mmm....  My dad swears by their Hainan Chicken Rice which is essentially comfort food for him.  Whats odd is the food looks and taste authentic, but its served in a P.F. Chang like setting with odd shaped platters and high prices!   I am sure some of that cost goes to the tasteful decor and pricey location.   If you want more affordable authentic asian fare you could take a cab or rent a car to hit the restaurants on Spring Mountain Road.  If your are on the strip anyways, check this place out!
4	We really enjoyed our visit to Noodles. My husband, daughter and I all ordered different dishes. We went in August and the food was great. Service was excellent. The decor is really trippy and fun. I didn't think it was pricey compared to other Asian restaurants we've been to in Vegas. In fact, we had gone t to the Grand Wok at MGM the previous night and the food wasn't nearly as good for the same amount of money. We'll definitely be back.
4	A few weeks ago, we dined here for the second time.  The food is always fresh, hot, and fast, and this is exactly what I want when at the Bellagio.  The calamari was only Ok, but the potstickers were flavorful and delicious.  I enjoyed the pad thai (not creative, I know), which was a yummy treat!  The service was odd, with many people waiting on us.  Not sure who our actual server was..  Additionally, there was a table open, but the host insisted on seating us at the bar.  We enjoyed each other's company, but this would not be a very good seat for some people.  You are essentially looking at  a wall that is built on the bar.  Odd decor choice that makes these seats unappealing.Great food!!
3	Noodles (the food) are great for a hangover, and it is tough to visit Vegas without ending up with a hangover at some point.  I wandered the strip for hours looking for just the right thing to cure my previously over-indulgent night, and was about to break down and eat just about anything, when I remembered the curative properties of a bowl of noodle soup.  I broke out my trusty iPhone and yelp app, and narrowed it down to Noodles (the restaurant), which was closest to my current location.Noodles is right off the Casino in The Bellagio, but has neither that crowded casino feel, nor that high end, 'I am going to get fleeced' feel.  Pleasant contemporary decor, with a lot wood, and a not-too-crowded-or-noisy atmosphere made me feel immediately comfortable.  The Dim Sum cart was making rounds, so I tasted a few basic dumplings, all pretty solid.  Followed that up with a bowl of wonton noodle soup.  It was served piping hot, and the dumplings were tasty.  Overall, it was pretty good, although the broth was not incredibly flavorful.  It went down quite well with the Asahi Super Dry beer.All in all, I was pretty satisfied...just what the doctor ordered.  It was mildly expensive for a quick lunch, but the service was great, and it hit the spot.  Other dishes I saw coming out looked delicious, and were huge portions.  So much so that the girls sitting next to me at the sushi-bar style counter offered to share some of their food, but I was already stuffed by then.I would definitely go back, and probably would have rated 3.5 stars if Yelp allowed that, but they just don't quite rank a 4 star rating.  I will try them again some day, and maybe grant that extra star.
3	I eat at Noodles fairly often while I am spending time in Bellagio for poker tournaments. It's a solid meal for sure, and if it were cheaper I would give it 4 stars.Service is always better than I expect it to be, but as is standard in many Asian restaurants, you'll sometimes wait around for a long time (for more water, for your check, etc) unless you wave down a server. It's not something to complain about really, just something you have to get used to.They serve my favorite dish in the world, Hainanese Chicken Rice, but it's not a very good version of it really. Nonetheless, it's the main course of my "last meal" fantasy, so I order it almost every time. I've also really enjoyed the Chicken Curry (be careful of bones, and once I got a huge chunk of ginger in my order), Malaysian Fried Rice, and every noodle dish I've ever tried. I don't recommend other stir-fried dishes or fried-meat-with-sugary-sauce dishes (e.g. sesame chicken), as they rate only slightly better than Panda Express.Noodles is alright, and I'm going to continue going there on a regular basis, whenever it's far more convenient than popping over to Chinatown on Spring Mountain. However, if Chinatown is just as convenient, I'll take anything there over Noodles, every day of the week.
3	I met some friends for an early dinner.  Good spot for my gambling friends so they could take a break and refuel.We were promptly seated and as soon as we were ready to order it was not long until our food came out.  We loaded up on appetizers.  Standard fare for appetizers which included the edamame, satay chicken and cucumber and seaweed salad (simple and refreshing...always delish).The yummiest dish I had that night was the Hor Fun with chicken and oyster sauce.  It was loaded with chicken and of course thick strips of noodles that totally soaked in that oyster sauce. hmmmmm. Five of us dined for $90 with tip!
2	Like all the food on Vegas' strip, OVER PRICED.  I don't think it was worth paying $16.00 for a bowl of beef noodle soup.  If this was the best beef noodle soup I ever had,then maybe I am more willing to pay for it. The noodle came in a large ceramic bowl that is loaded with noodles and beef, but too little soup.  The ratio of soup to noodle is out of balanced.  Only 1/3 of the bowl was filled with soup and the rest noodles.  For some people who like to eat a lot, maybe those extra noodles would help, but to me, it's gorse.  To make the matter worse, the noodles are soggy, not tender and chewy at all.   Blah, will not come here again.
3	This place was pretty nice (not super fancy but decorated nicely) but the food was average.  We came here bc someone had "the best" beef noodle soup here over a year ago and loved it.  Unfortunately, they did not like it this time, stating it was somewhat flavorless.  Food here is definitely overpriced, as I learned many restaurants in the nice casinos are, but we were comped so I can't complain about price.  However, had I had to pay for this meal, I would not have been happy.  I got the Hainan Chicken Rice, which was really dry.  Usually, the rice is simmered in broth, but the rice was pretty dry - chicken, too.  We also got the Beef Chow fun, which wasn't bad but not excellent either.  The best part of my meal was the Iced Coffee (which I think they charge $6 for).  Everyone also liked the Fried Shrimp Balls, which came on a dim sum cart.  I was excited to see Soupy Dumplings on the cart, but alas, they were only moist and not very soupy at all.  Most items were mediocre and I most likely will not eating here again.
2	We enjoy visiting Bellagio very much. Just wish they'd do a better job with food. But with soooo many travelers coming through town, there's not enough 'repeat customers' to keep them on their toes as in the 'real world.' It just does not equate at all to what's being charged. The food at Noodles is disappointing, not worth a third of what's being charged. You can walk in to any number of restaurants in town, and get better prepared 'Asian' dishes at a fraction of the cost.
3	If you just happen to be in Bellagio and really need to have an Asian food fix, then this is the place for you. Otherwise it's pretty mediocre, pricey and a long wait during meal times. $3 for a small bowl of white rice! And the decor is nothing special. If you don't mind driving to a real Chinese restaurant, then do it.
4	For the past few years I have worked from casinos in Vegas, primarily at Bellagio. Noodles is one of the only places there I can afford to, and like to, eat almost everyday. The menu is large and most everything is good. The wonton noodle soup (I get mine with rice noodles instead of egg) is a meal and a bargain at only $14. The shrimp filled wontons are very good. I also like the Thai spicy noodle soup, it comes with several large shrimp.My favorite appetizer is the char si piu, bits of pork in a doughy steamed sweet bun. I used to like the pad thai but lately it has been sticky and thick, not good at all. My dad joined me recently and raved about the duck, though I didn't try it, since I am not a fan. Ask for extra hot XO sauce, it's the best. They do dim sum Fri-Sun from 11-3 so get in then for their best options :)
2	Just to be upfront here... American expensive over-hyped. It's not bad for tourists coming to Las Vegas I'm sure. But it's American touristic over-hyped foods. But you can expect the same across the Strip here.My good Caucasian friend wanted to show off his favorite place. Thanks J. He had a few favorite items not found elsewhere. He loved the baked BBQ buns with sweet crust and almond fried shrimp ball especially.It's located in Bellagio. So it was crowded with Asian tourists. The staffs spoke Cantonese. The service was great. One of the best service in USA... just a bit shy of those 4-star restaurants in Hong Kong.I know exactly what to expect before I came here with my friend. So I can't really trash the foods here. So this was just my observation.The foods were pricey. I didn't try the regular menu. It started from $14.95 and up. The appetizer was $7.95 and up. Side orders like preserved duck egg, starting at $3 each. My take? They are all 2-3 times the price of regular restaurants in Las Vegas. You can read my "tasty" reviews on other Las Vegas restaurants too.So, here's the breakdown:Service: 4 (they were all eager to help, from push cart servers to our server Denny; very efficient and friendly)Pu-er tea with chrysanthemum: 3 (good, $2 each person)Siu Mai: 2.5 (not the best cut of meat here... too chewy with fatty meat; or not minced with the right cut of meat)BBQ bun: 3 (2 per plate; small size; it's BBQ pork pun, my friend had to order 2 plates to satisfy)Shanghai Dumpling: 0.5 (3 little one on tiny aluminum shell; $6.95 for 3; minimal juice inside; I could tell it tasted like Shanghai dumpling).Chicken feet: 3 (Well done, easy to suck off the bone; a bit too sweet... my friend commented that they didn't have to alter the "taste" because most Caucasians won't even look at it; server brought it to me from the kitchen and not on the cart).Egg tart: 3.5 (crispy shell)Price: 1 ($3.95, $3.95; $4.25; $4.95; $5.95...)So diners, you've got an easy choice. Lifestyle of the rich and famous? or Chang's Dim Sum?
4	Noodles!We went here three or four times in our last trip.  Yeah, it's pricey for what you are getting, but this isn't San Francisco.. it's in a casino in Vegas.  The staff is friendly, the place is cozy, and the food is good.  Now I'm craving some warm soy bean milk and noodles!
1	I defied my Yelpers with the negative reviews and went anyway. They were right, this place isn't very good.My boyfriend got the $16 plate of boneless spareribs and they looked like an appetizer. No garnish, just a pile of boneless ribs. They also were supposed to be honey barbeque but they weren't sticky in the least and barely even sweet.I got a noodle plate and while it was pretty huge, the noodles were overcooked and the entire plate was just slimy. Not appetizing at all.Our bill was outrageous for asian food that we could have gotten better at any take-out joint on the strip, but I expected the price. I didn't expect the food to taste this bad. Blah.
4	what an awesome surprise! i was totally expecting americanized chinese fare but instead was treated to yummy chinese food! so much so that we were there a few times the last trip...yes, it's pricey (located in bellagio so it's not a surprise), but servings were good, service was great and quality was good too. i especially enjoyed the steamed chicken (singaporean style), the oxtail soup, and mango pudding for dessert.if you don't feel like venturing to c-town it's a nice choice. gets crowded quick so i suggest going when it opens - especially if you are interested in their dim sum.
1	What's up with vegas and terrible service. We told the host we had 8 people and she never came back to us on the wait. I went to ask her and she stuttered , looking through a monitor, and couldn't figure out how to answer me. I told her we could be split in 2 seperate tables. A different party didn't show so she gave us their table.Our server was BLAH! basically and order taker and that;s it. No smiles...nothing.Our food was ok, but nothing you can't get at any other Thai or Chinese restaurant. I split my noodles and edamame with a friend; we still ended up paying $16 each. this meal was work $16 and that's it.30 min later 3 of my friends and I were such agony . The food did not sit well with all off us. We all had different things. SKIP IT!
3	I just remembered eating here on my last day in Vegas a few months ago so I thought I'd write a review.The bf and I ended up here after realizing we were on a time crunch and there were gigantic wait times at all the others restaurants inside the Bellagio.It was okay, not great, but okay. Kind of pricey, but then again, you are eating in a restaurant inside the Bellagio in Vegas, so what do you expect. The bf had the beef chow fun which he said was pretty good, and I had the BBQ pork noodle soup (my comfort food after a night out hehe). The BBQ pork noodle soup wasn't spectacular (I didn't particularly like the charsiu because I thought the flavor was a little off) but it was definitely nice to have that option of eating it without leaving the strip. The dim sum looked legit, but I have a sneaking suspicion it doesn't taste legit. I would suggest sticking to dishes that are hard to mess up, i.e. chow mein or chow fun.My summary of this place would be: convenient and fairly decent Chinese food for when you are a) hungover, b) craving Chinese food, c) staying in the Bellagio, or d) all of the above. But, know that you're paying for the convenience.
2	Having been born in Hong Kong, and growing up on Chinese Dim Sum in  Manhattan and Flushing, Queens, I've become a picky Dim Sum guy, so dim sum in Vegas is a must try. To be brief, was a little disappointed, the sui gow (pan fried dumplings) was just OK. This is also the second place I've encountered in my travels where they add ground shrimp to their pork Shui mai, usually there might just be a piece of shrimp on top of the pork. The ground shrimp detracts from the pork flavor. This is something I'm not used to. There was no Ha Gow on the menu (straight shrimp dumpling), again dissappointed. The pan fried noodles with barbecue pork was well made, very crispy, as it should be, but alas it was  flavorless (sauce was bland). The barbecue pork was passable. I guess alot has to do with what ingredients you can get in Vegas. Overall will satisfy your craving, but can't hold up to Vancouver, Ottawa and of course New York dim sum outside of Hong Kong. I was impressed they had congee, but didn't try it. My mom makes the best.
4	We were thinking of what to eat for Chinese New Year Eve's dinner and we both decided on the beef stew noodle at Noodles (I've been wanting to see the Conservatory at Bellagio as well).The only thing I have ordered here and will only order here is the melt in your mouth "Mandarin Beef Stew Noodle!"  This aromatic soup has tender beef brisket and tendon, which were stewed to perfection.  It comes in a bowl of soup with perfectly cooked noodles and baby bok choy.  With a spoonful of the hot chili sauce, this is my favorite noodle in the world.Actually, I have tried the turnip cake here and I have to say, it is the best turnip cake I have ever eaten.  It was pan fried nicely, with a hint of crispiness on the outside, and still warm and delicious inside.  I have been here a total of 4 times, and every time, there is a long line.  Oh well, worth the wait for the best bowl of soup ever.
4	I really liked this place, so here is my advice to those who are considering going: (1) it is Vegas, everything is overpriced, especially at the Bellagio.  People on here complaining that this place was too expensive obviously took the wrong exit off the freeway.  (2) this is not fine dining, and if you're not already drunk, then get drunk before you go.  Noodles is a hiply decorated greasy-asian joint whose target audience is people who have been (a) drinking copiously so they are down-to-earth about food quality and just want what tastes good AND (b) having enough fun with whoever they are with that they don't need a bunch of servers checking in every 2 minutes about whether they need more ice in their icewater.Seriously, y'all, lighten up.  There are enough stuffy, snooty restaurants in Vegas, I liked this one because it wasn't.
4	Diverse menu selection with something for everyone. The broths were great. I had the bbq pork soup. It's a great light lunch.
2	GO GET CUP O NOODLES! Everything is a rip off in Vegas but this one is the biggest rip off ever. Price for a small size bowl of noodle soup ranges from 14 and up. Price really isn't a big issue if you're actually eating food that are satisfying to the taste buds but this place was BLAAAHHH.
3	Tucked in near the Pai Gow tables and adjacent to the baccarat room is Noodles.  The decor is nice, but nothing special, and the service is pretty standard, but a hot bowl of noodle soup definitely hits the spot--especially in the very late hours of the night.Both the sui mai and char siu bau are very good, and I recommend grabbing one or the other as an appetizer, although the latter can take some time to serve freshly steamed during the less crowded hours.  I personally recommend the Mandarin Beef Stew Noodle Soup.  While the Cantonese Dumpling Noodle Soup and Wonton Noodle Soup are decent, I would probably pass on them the next time in favor of less-basic selections.Noodles is definitely a favored place among Bellagio's Asian clientele.  The large picnic-like tables near the front are perfect for guests bringing large families.  I was not a fan of the "bar" seating that basically faces right into a wall.
4	3.8 starsYummy!  Generous portions and good food.  I've had better but the food here is still good and I'd come back again.  I had sweet and spicy chicken noodles not that spicy and I love spicy. Thai tea and we shared a vegetable spring roll for an appetizer.  My husband had beef Malaysian fried rice, his entree was much better than mine and he was a sport when I periodically picked off his plate. :-)  I'd return but try another dish.  The service was friendly and prices were decent considering it was on the strip.  The place was packed, very popular on a Friday night.
4	It was Valentine's day when I went so my greatest worry was it being a long line when I got there. I called ahead of time to ask if they made reservations. However, they do not so I had to take my chances. No line when I got there so that was awesome, and it only had like four tables taken out the whole place. The waiter was nice and fast and the food was also. We had the bbq pork buns for starters, and they weren't as good as I hoped. It was the breading around it, because the pork inside was tasty. They give you such a good amount of food, and it tasted great. It was a peaceful place which I loved because it sucks trying to talk over people or hearing someone else's convo.I did feel lame when I seen most of the customers using chop sticks, and I had to use a fork. I got to learn one day lol.
3	I was up late taking photos of some friends at Bellagio and got hungry. My wife and I decided to try this place. I ordered the dumplings and noodles. My wife ordered pork and noodles. My was bordering on good but my wifes noodles were just OK. I was really shocked on how much are meal cost, but it is the strip. Service was good, place very clean. It was very busy and to wait 5 minutes. I would suggest maybe venturing out to spring mountain rd and trying restaurant out there.
3	Ate here twice mainly because my dad insisted on it.  The first time was at 12am and I was super tired but hadn't had a late night eat in a long time so was really excited about it.  Waited a few minutes for a table and got seated relatively quickly.  We have heard how great this place is, how their beef stew noodle is great, and etc.  So we ended up eating and my dad had Taiwanese beef stew and my mom had the won ton soup.  Both agreed it was good and portions were generous.  The gf had congee which was average and I had the hainan chicken rice which was disappointing.  Rice was dry, chicken just didn't look fresh, and then I thought to myself why did I order rice in a place that is named noodles?  Man I really missed out on that one.So the next night after happy hour, we came back again.  And honestly speaking this place is probably the least expensive place you'll find in Bellagio.  We ordered noodles, fried rice, greens, roti naan bread, century egg, cucumber salad, and bbq pork/chicken.  Why did we order the chicken after seeing how it was last night?  No idea but even though it was a different kind of chicken it wasn't a winner winner.  The bbq pork was much better than the chicken and better than a lot of places in SF.  The fried rice, eh, it was okay, not great but not bad.  The roti naan bread passed, the century egg was okay (not a big fan), and the cucumber salad was too sweet.  The greens and the noodles (see?) were the winners.  We actually ate a lot as the portions are generous.  Would I come back?  Even though I'm giving it three stars, I enjoyed the restaurant very much.  Service was great, decor is nice, maybe I was just happy eating out late with my parents like when I was young but I would come back because for a five star hotel restaurant the pricing isn't that bad.
5	The best noodle place I have ever eaten at!
3	This place serves decent dim sum - very good quality I would say.But they kept people waiting in line when there were apparently seats available.  Not sure why??? Were they trying to act like a nightclub just because it was located inside a casino???VERY IMPORTANT NOTE: DO NOT GET SODA THERE!!!There is no free re-fills... and a coke is $4!!! Be careful.... they trick you, too! They don't tell you that they charge for the second one.  They just bring a new one to you, and charge you at the end.... evil!!
3	The place is very hit or miss. Very long lines at times to even get in. I think all of the soup noodles are very tasty. The stir fry ones could be better. Some of their sauces taste quite odd and does not fit the dish. The dim sum is good which is served on weekend mornings. We always make it there near the end so the selection is limited but the items are made well.
4	to be honest, i was drunk when i ate here (surprise surprise) so i can't say that this review is totally objective. BUT, the food really really hit the spot. service wasn't all that great (they took our order and left us to fend for ourselves). i had the laksa curry noodle and it was worth coming back again for more.
3	Not bad, not bad.A little pricey, but it IS the Bellagio we're talkin' about.Our table of four ordered a random smattering - from Won Ton Noodle soup to Beef Stew over noodles to a healthy order of Dim Sum. All of it was good, but none was outrageously great.Lunch for four with tea and no alcohol came to $100. Like I said, BELLAGIO.We timed it right and walked right in, but beware of long lines at lunch and dinner.
5	Great restaurant overall.  Nice staff, very accommodating, good food and decor.  Nothing more comforting after a bad run at the craps tables than a nice bowl of congee, a pot of tea and friendly service.  A trip to Vegas isn't complete for me without a visit to Noodles.
5	Checked out Noodles about a year ago after a family member was raving about it. We went in for dinner on a Friday night. Somewhat of a line but the tables seemed to empty out fast and the staff was quick to clean and ready the table for the next customers.Our group ordered family style and it truley was an awesome mix of asian dishes.Ever since then I think everytime I am in vegas around the Bellagio I have taken a trip to Noodles.Most recently I got there during lunch and they had multiple dim sum carts with a variety of foods to delight any pallet. Dont forget that this place is open till 2AM which makes it a great drunk treat for any vegas night!Must try!
4	If you have ever stayed in Bellagio or passed through its casino floors, you probably have seen a line forming outside this restaurant at any given time.  These anxious people know a secret: Noodles is home to the best authentic wonton-mein soup outside of Hong Kong and Toronto.  I have been to this Chinese-American-operated restaurant approximately 12 times in the last 5 years; and, its quality has not degraded since my inauguration.  The broth of its wonton-mein is delicate (not salty) and its fresh thin egg noodle is firm with the perfect starch-egg ratio taste that melts away in your mouth.  To complement this dish, I recommend their quarter roasted duck.  While it is on the expensive side, their tender dark meat selection is usually outstanding and beautifully cooked, leaving a nice crispy skin.  The duck comes with their bone neatly trimmed off; however, you can request for the bones should you want to extract some its flavors by dipping its caramelized seasoning into your soup as some people do.  The other selections on Noodles' extensive menu are very good but not spectacular save for the delicious oxtail soup.  Though the dim sum here is usually excellent, especially the gorgeous Shanghai dumpling and the siu mai, there have been two occasions where these selections have failed me.  The service here is usually quick and fast like most Chinese restaurants in New York, San Francisco Bay Area, Toronto, or LA.  The wait staff is straight-forward and no-nonsense; and, the hosts are friendly and efficient even when the line is 10 parties deep.  As mentioned by another reviewer, I would not order any beverages here other than tea.  The sodas do not come with refills.  I personally recommend their Jasmine Pearl tea, which comes in a porcelain pot.But, no matter what you order, you must try what many people love about this restaurant: the wonton-mein soup.
4	This place would get a 5 if service was a little better--granted, since my family has been staying at the Bellagio for 10 years now, it's nice to know that they like to keep the same staff.Anyway, Noodles is awesome. I love their beef brocolli. Hits the spot. They also have dim sum Fri-Sun and it is GOOD. Their shrimp balls (ha, balls) are the best.We eat here at least twice every time we go to Vegas!
4	It is true that I was completely famished when I came here for lunch. But I honestly think the dim sum and noodles were good quality and really delicious! I recommend the beef rice noodles (basically beef chow fun). The noodles had a great silky, tender texture, and the beef was extremely tender. This dish was nicely seasoned without being too salty. For dim sum, I highly recommend the shanghai dumplings, the chive dumplings, the pan-fried shrimp and pork dumplings, the pork bun, and their specialty custard bun which must be ordered in advance. Those custard buns were so fluffy and the custard was creamy yumminess. We ended up ordering a bottle of champagne to accompany our meal and it really enhanced the meal! This place definitely has Vegas Strip prices (not to mention that it's in the Bellagio) but the food was really good so I didn't mind the higher bill at the end of the meal.
3	I suppose if you've been gambling and it's late, you would like this place.  Nothing beats noodles after a few drinks.  The food here is slightly better than OK but I suppose it's great if you're from a state where Chinese food sucks.  Being in Vegas, I would expect the Bellagio to find better Chinese chefs.Alright, here's what I think of the food.  I had the cantonese egg noodles.  Noodles were crispy and appropriately drenched in sauce/oil... Just the way I like it.  The portion was a good size.  However, the dish lacked that "wow" that I often get when I get really awesome cantonese fried noodles.  The clear noodle soup with poached chicken actually looked bland as hell but ended up tasting pretty good.  The Kung Pao Chicken was OK - nothing special.  This place used to be a lot better when the Bellagio first opened.  Again, not bad if you're roaming around the Bellagio hungering for chinese food, noodles, a bit cheaper.  But it's not a destination restaurant by any stretch of the imagination.
4	This is my favorite noodle place in Las Vegas.  I have eaten here for lunch and at 1 in the morning as a good pick me up before heading back out into the neon lights of Vegas.This place has something that I grew up with in Congee with pickled vegetables.  The pickles vegetables normally consist of pickled radishes along with some peanuts and some dried shredded pork.  I have tried the won ton noodle soup as it is a staple for any noodle shop.To read what I thought of the won ton soup please check out my blog.http://eatmoyfood.blogspot.com/
4	4.25. This place set my trip off. The food is mouthwatering. MSG was used very well, in all seriousness, I mean that in a good way. Rack up a couple of c-notes while playing pai gow just a few steps outside the restaurant, and dinner is paid for!To be frank, it's a place you should come each trip you're in Vegas. Their straight forward menu and service lends itself to be a clutch late night spot. Hainanese Chicken was perfectly oily, the prata was flaky and gooey, the char siu pau was superbly steamed you could take a nap on its pillow-y top, shiu mai was plump and juicy, the hot and spicy cucumbers are made in house and just right when paired with the Hong Kong noodles or Mandarin Beef Stew. I know my southeast asian cuisine fairly well, and love it more than the rest of the world's fare,  but I am not afraid to admit that I'm not with the experienced majority, however I can lend my thoughts on the food to be taste-opening and wholesome. All said and done, I loved the place the minute I started eating, the moment I left and as I write this.
5	Let's start off why this place exists.  Steve Wynn built a fast in-n-out Asian joint (and spared no expense, that's real gold in the floors) that serves dishes from most every major culture (Thai, Various Chinese, Malaysia, Singapore, et al) that the high roller players next door in Baccarat could get in and out quickly with a great meal and get back to the tables.  Its a little hidden (off the main floor) and staffed to accommodate and pamper the high rollers.The secret has been out for years and the place is generally packed, so plan ahead and go off hours.  A little insider secret, on busy nights you can order from Noodles from Room Service.  The food is amazing, take your pick.  A few favorites: Spicy Thai Noodle Soup, BBQ Pork, Roast Duck, Shu Mai, Satay, Pad Thai Noodle, Ox Tail Soup, you really can't miss here.  Dim Sum on the weekends is always a good choice.  How do you know a good Asian place, look around and see who is eating there - its generally packed with well dressed Asian shopping and gaming tourists and the Bellagio is doing everything possible to make them happy.  Not stereotypical, the same holds true with looking for local pick-up trucks at a diner.  The pricing is moderate for Vegas, not cheap but a good value. In Vegas, you have to work the system and this is a great example.    High roller quality available to anyone willing to find Noodles and enjoy.
4	fast service.good food.wonton beef stew soup,siu mao (4 pcs),char siu (bbq pork steamed buns)& thai iced tea are highly recommended.a good place to go for night owls.
4	Do you really expect to find a traditional Chinese place inside the Bellagio?  Well, given that they've got Monets, high-end baccarat, and a bunch of other cool stuff, yes, I guess I do.Take that traditional Southeastern Asian cuisine, add Americanized customer service, feng shui decor...and you've got Noodles.I ordered Hainanese Chicken Rice there - an ancestral traditional dish and one of my favorite foods to eat in the whole world, and it was prepared wonderfully - out there in the middle of the damn Nevada desert.If you have a Chinese food itch that a Chinese take-out place won't scratch, come here.  You'll also have the pleasure of walking through my favorite casino in Las Vegas (a town I only come to for food and shows).
4	This is our favorite chinese spot for upscale Dim Sum (very tasty) or the Beef Noodle Soup.  Both are great.  Pair it with some soy milk and you have a fantastic lunch.  They also do a great Steamed Custard Buns but you have to special order, which I always do.Expect a wait unless you get there at 11am.
4	Pretty surprisingly authentic! Landed and was hungry, came early enough (6pm) that there was no line.Had 3 meat BBQ dish (duck, soy chicken and BBQ pork) - delicious and just like in chinatown back home. Sauteed Pea vines with garlic - can't go wrong! And their house noodle dish, stir fry homemade noodles with prawns - Great!Better then what i thought it would be overall.Best of all you have your asian moms and pops cooking behind the kitchen, you know its good when it looks like your grandma is cookin it up!
5	I frequent Vegas and usually stays at the Bellagio, needless to say I've tried all the restaurants the hotel has to offer, some multiple times! Noodles is one of my favorite eats at the Bellagio (as well as the entire strip). The restaurant itself is very clean and nicely decorated; staff are friendly and food usually comes out pretty fast. Reasonably priced for hotel restaurant standards. Most dishes are about $18+, with decent sized portions.Most of their appetizers are nothing to write home about with the exception of the Roti Prata (Roti bread with curry sauce), the curry has just the right amount of kick without being too sweet. The Laksa curry noodle is my favorite dish hands down (huge portion too). Perfectly cooked noodles in a rich coconut curry broth. It's a little spicy so I don't recommend this for people who like their food mild. Another recommendation is the sea bass congee. Mildly seasoned and the fish is very fresh, great choice for someone who is looking for something tasty and light. Their BBQ is surprisingly good and authentic, duck and bbq pork are the two popular choices. Though it can be a little too salty at times. Be sure to try their Mango pudding as well as fresh mango served with a side of coconut sesame rice (forgot the actual name of the dish) if you're craving for something sweet. Nice restaurant, friendly service and great food. There's really nothing to not like about Noodles. Only downside is they tend to get pretty busy, if you go during dinner time there's usually a wait.
3	The food smells good, but my chicken chow mein left me unsatisfied. The curry vermicelli is a better choice. They serve very big portions, so I suggest you order family style. Unfortunately a lot of food went to waste because we didn't want to take doggy bags to our next stop...the strip club.
2	I was looking forward to eating here while taking a class at Bellagio. Couldn't decide what to order, so I went with my favorites, the Hainan Chicken Rice and Curry Laksa. The chicken rice was presented well but the taste was disappointing. The chicken was salty, and tasted more like Hong Kong style steamed chicken. The chili sauce was out of a jar, garlic chili. The Ginger sauce was super salty. The curry laksa dish was not authentic either.   Too light, creamy, and the noodles were too soft. For close to $20 per dish, I expected a near perfect rendition. Unfortunately, neither came close.
5	Wow, if you want authentic and excellent, this is the place.  Actually eat here twice it was so good.  Just like back in Asia.
2	Skip it. My friend and I love Asian food. We were seated promptly on this weeknight, and the restaurant seemed clean, but that is where the positive experience ended. Once seated and waiting for our drinks, the guests next to us seemed to have finished their meals and were waiting for the bill. I asked how their meal was. Neither were pleased with their dishes, and wished us "luck." We ordered pot stickers to start, and then a simple sesame chicken, BBQ pork flat noodles and Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce. And then the wait began. After 35 minutes, the pot stickers came out. Then no more than 5 minutes later, the rest of the meal was brought to the table. The pot stickers were okay, but nothing spectacular. Sesame chicken was average. Noodle texture was good, but no flavor whatsoever. Bummer. $75 for a ho-hum dinner. I expect more from you, Bellagio.
3	Order's up! Solid dim sum at Vegas Strip prices. While I could stop there, this place deserves a bit more info...The Good: Fried shrimp balls, tasty pork dumplings, chicken buns, extensive menu and lightning fast service. These ladies (and gents) don't waste any time getting you fed. If you're not a starvin' Marvin, Noodles is a great choice to dip into some Dim Sum. The Meh: For not a ton of food (dim sum included), hubs and I still spend $60 on lunch. Plus, some of dishes could have used a bit more flavor - including the shrimp shu mai and steamed veggies. I was reaching for the chili sauce quite a bit to add some kick.Overall, not a bad spot to grab a fast bite...just be prepared to pay for it, literally!
4	Dropped by here with two friends whilst at a conference in Vegas.We were lucky and didn't have to wait ... but have seen the line looking pretty long before.Solid asian soups, noodles, dim sum etc.Nice atmosphere.Great for a quick bite.
3	My friends and I ate here in April on a Friday night, after the "O" show ended.  We wanted some Asian food, saw the name "Noodles" and we were sold.  We went in expecting the food to taste Westernized, but it was actually pretty good.  The restaurant was pretty full, but we were seated within 15 mins.  I saw "Laksa Curry Noodle" on the menu and my eyes lit up.  I still reminisce about the authentic and oh-so-good food I had while in Malaysia, so I was looking forward to trying the version here.  The bowl was full of chunks of chicken breast, fish "cake" slices, an egg, a load of noodles, and creamy curry sauce.  Although it wasn't as authentic as the laksa noodle dishes I had in Malaysia, Noodles' version is pretty good.  Of course the price ($18) is a bit steep for a bowl of noodles, but it's to be expected since it's located inside the lovely Bellagio (see pic).My friends ordered the Vietnamese Seafood Pho (just ok, not authentic enough) and the Mandarin Beef Stew Noodle (nice hearty flavor).  I would eat here again if I was too lazy to catch a cab to the plethora of Asian restaurants located on Spring Mountain Road (off the strip).
3	This was my first dining in VEGAS that wasnt AYCE. There was about a 20 minute wait in line. Let me tell you about my adventure...My friends and I wanted something to eat...our hearts were AIMED at the BELLAGIO BUFFET. When we got there, the line was OUT OF THIS WORLD! SHIT...I guess BELLAGIO BUFFET would have to wait. In addition, we were in a bit of a time constraint...we only had 2 hour left before heading out to the MARQUEE nightclub. As we walked around confused...we searched for the CHEAPEST/MOST BANG FOR OUR BUCK restaurant....eventually...we ended at NOODLES.We checked out the menu...pretty cheap...especially for a VEGAS setting...and they have NOODLES! my favorite kind of food! The thing that stood out to me was their SEAFOOD PHO...with a whomping price of $18!!! HOLLLY COWWW. Anywho...I ordered the BEEF NOODLE SOUP AND THE SPICY CUCUMBER.-the spicy cucumber was interesting...the way I imagined it were smaller cuts of cucumber with some chili or some pepper looking item...instead it was a long look-alike cucumber with a sour and sweet taste....hmm I was confused...but whatever, maybe its been awhile since Ive had CHINESE food-then the BEEF NOODLE SOUP came out...wowww. It looked amazing. The food was good, the beef was guud...but the noodles....eh it was alright. I guess it was OK in a  VEGAS setting, but Ive def. had better. Overall, the meal was satisfying and filling. I probably wont come out here again unless Im staying at the BELLAGIO. UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
2	So I went to Noodles on a whim for lunch.   Yelp has $$ for the cost.  So 20 minutes later, I was $70 poorer.  Is one noodle entree, 5 dim sum items & 2 drinks worth that much?  Plus the dim sum was room temperature or barely warm.  At best, I would say this wasn't worth more than $30.   Just my opinion.  Looking for decent food at a good price-rent a car & leave the strip.  Don't make yourself a captive there.
4	Maybe, like another reviewer pointed out, I just have crappy Chinese where I live.  Or maybe I just enjoy eating here when I'm in town.  Whatever the reason, I find this place to be pretty good overall.It comes off a little classy while still being casual enough for it not to come off stuffy.  You may wait a bit to be seated at dinner times; but otherwise, the service as a whole I have found to be efficient enough.The fried pot stickers are full of pork and de-lish.  This most recent visit I had the shrimp chow mein.  It too was good as well though maybe a little greasy.  The food in general is a little pricey but let's face it, you are in Vegas; and you're eating at a restaurant nestled inside of Bellagio.  Cheap is not what you should be expecting or looking for here.  With that said, it's not over the top or out of line with anything else similar here.Noodles is another option to consider when you're in Vegas looking for some good Chinese.
1	Yuck.  If you like fatty, greasy, tasteless food, this is for you.The experience started with the long wait. Once we were seated, the service was horrendous.  We go out to eat a lot and have a solid understanding of good service, this was awful.  Angry, frustrated staff. No smile, barely a hello. When asked for recommendations on the menu, she pointed to one section of the menu and said this is all good. We ordered: Hong Kong Noodles: Came out as crispy noodles with shrimp, fat dripping in oil, just lard, yuck.XO Green Beans: We expected spicy green beans and these were a big disappointment due to lack of any flavor or any spices.Noodle Soup: Name started with an L (cant remember full name) was the only semi-flavorful item. It was in coconut milk with noodles and chicken. Decent, and actually tasty. The chicken however did not look like real chicken, must be imitation.Beef with Asparagus: Not good, not spicy, also greasy and definitely not worth $21. We sent the Hong Kong Noodles back, we couldn't send back everything obviously, that would be too much. They still tried to slip us the check with the noodles though and when we objected she said we'd have to talk to the manager (keep in mind, this restaurant is in BELLAGIO), after a stare down to the manager they adjusted the bill.We live in San Francisco and are used to good quality Chinese food and excellent service. We have no qualms to pay good money for good service and good food.However, this place was a huge disappointment.  Would never recommend and will never come back.
3	I'm always critical of my Asian food so I was expecting this place to be disappointing. It is your typical Asian-fusion restaurant - lacking authenticity and overpriced. We had: Laksa Curry Noodle - good flavor, but portion was small and it wasn't that exciting. Barbecue Rice - rice was lose and the barbecue pork wasn't tender and wasn't that flavorful. Water Spinach with Belachan chili - our favorite dish. It's "kangkong" with shrimp paste and thai chili. It was really good and probably the most authentic dish. I don't usually comment on service, but our older male server was the best! He was so nice, hardworking and friendly - he definitely made up for the disappointing food.
2	Usually when you walk into a Chinese restaurant, you expect to order dishes that are meant to share as a family. This place has dishes that were only made for one person. The portions were tiny and the food wasn't great. It tasted like Americanized-Chinese food. The service wasn't the best either. The waiters had somewhat of a attitude; because my party was big, they decided to be rude.Now, onto the incident. I had ordered beef chow fun and what do you know? There was a hair chilling between the noodles, YUCK! I knew it wasn't my hair because I'm a woman with long hair. I had complained to the waiter and it took them a good 20 minutes before coming back to me apologizing and offering me another dish for free.They were kind enough to give me a free dish and I'm sure the hair wasn't purposely placed on my dish. In all honesty, I probably won't be back.
3	im not feelin the decor. call me picky, but dining in an atmosphere that actually works for you somewhat has an affect on your mood/experience. well, this place wasn't cutting it for me. first thing i felt like when my friends suggested to dine here was... is this an herbs store? i get that they're trying to make it look chinesey and alla that but i dont know, it just wasnt working for me. everything was a pale shade of yellow. the seating arrangement was kind of weird, and the location was a bit hidden in the corners of the bellagio casino. if it werent for the signs and people wanting to dine here, i would've completely missed it by walking right by it. i wasnt hungry on the day that my friends decided to eat here. we came as a huge party, and they split us into two different sitting arrangements. i ended up only ordering orange juice while watching my friends eat. from what i saw, the food was okay. it wasnt something that you would remember and come back for. as for my oj, eh. it was kind of gross. and no, it did not taste "freshly squeezed." but i mean you cant expect much. maybe i'll come back, maybe i'll actually try some of the stuff. but from what i saw, it's overpriced and not worth your money.
4	Dishes ranged from $3.25 to 7.50 which was a surprise for a place located in the bellagio. Overall i was impressed with the quality of the food (including the obligatory chicken feet) and the service. The plates were smaller than other dim sum places not located in vacation areas, the ambiance wasn't super vegasy, and the wait was about 25 minutes (they don't allow reservations). I'll def come back when we're back in town though.
4	There rate only 3.5..  I think this place is pretty good. Nice area. The food is pretty good too as in Vegas here. The price is ok for Vegas (the strip)The most I like service here . I think is the best of all.
1	Went to Noodles the day after my friend got married at the Bellagio.  We had a large party (10 people) and waited for an hour and a half as other groups were seated before us.  After waiting this long, the staff finally thinks to offer to split our group.  (Really?! You just sat about 5 parties in front of ours, and from what I saw of the restaurant, you probably could not have found seating for our entire group anyway---so what took so long?)My now shrunken group of 6 finally gets seated, and the waiter takes 15-20 minutes to come over and take our orders.  (BTW, what restaurant does not offer a side of veggies?  The only veggie offered separately on the menu was edamame, for $7!)  When the food finally rolls out (slowly), the orders are completely wrong.  I ordered the Beef Brisket Stew Noodles.  What I got was oxtails with noodles and bok choy.  One of my fellow dinner companions ordered the beef brisket fried rice.  She also got oxtails with fried rice.  We tried to talk to the waiter and he raised his voice to tell us that it was brisket (we simply asked what kind of meat it was) and then ran off.  We flagged down a waitress that was bringing water and asked her and she said "london broil".  I'm sorry, but there is no way that I am mistaking oxtails for brisket (I am from TX, I know my cuts of cow) or london broil.  (Presuming that either myself or the waitress were correct, what was in my bowl is not what I ordered.)  My friend absolutely refuses to eat her food, as she doesn't mind eating ox, but just doesn't want to eat the tail.  I nibble at my food (mom used to make oxtail stew at least once a month when I was a kid, so I'm familiar) but I am not pleased.  Brisket/ London Broil does not look like medallions of meat connected by ligaments.  The meat was tender, and there were no bones, but I was reconstructing oxtails (minus the bone) on a plate on the side by the end of the meal. Another one of our group ordered chicken chow mein.  Her meal did not arrive for 20-30 minutes after everyone else got their food, and only came out after we flagged the waitstaff down multiple times to ask about her meal.   My friend's mom ordered Soya Chicken with the chow mein noodles.  She got poached chicken (there was no way that chicken was marinated in soy sauce-- we all know what boiled chicken looks like!) and the wrong noodles.  When she asked the waiter about it, he insisted that it was soya chicken and argued with her about the noodles.  She had also ordered combination fried rice with bbq pork and chicken, only to receive rice with beef and shrimp.  She decided not to argue or ask the waiter about it because we had so many things wrong with our table's meals and no one even tried to correct it.Ok, so I'm not one of those "the customer's always right" people when I go out, but for a restaurant in the Bellagio, I expected way better service.  If you are out of brisket, tell us.  Don't lie and say it is something that it is not.  Don't argue with your customers about what they ordered when you bring what is clearly the wrong thing.  This was a horrible dining experience, and I'd never repeat it again. In Summary:Overpriced. Limited Options. Rude Waitstaff.  Unwillingness to correct errors even when confronted, to the point where the servers are lying about what is on the plate.
4	Saturday Dim Sum is Awesome!I eat for Lunch duriing the week, Great service Great Food, Good Prices!
3	I recommend this place for a late dinner.  Not exactly the best Chinese food in town but if you're hungry for Chinese and the buffet line is longer than the wall of China, then give it this joint a try.  Very good Chinese broccoli, crunchy and juicy. The Sweet Pork was a bit dry and so were the BBQ pork buns.  The service was below average for being part of the Bellagio but meh... just been here twice and it hits the spot for the price you pay.
4	Prompt service.  Yaki udon noodles & chicken pad thai were tasty.
5	LOVEDDDDD the dim sum here...absolutely LOVED it!! Went here for brunch during one of my Vegas trips - was staying at the Bellagio, so it was convenient. Disclaimer: I've never had dim sum before coming here (I know, and I'm from the Bay..what a disgrace..)...so I may not be the best critic of dim sum.
4	When I went to Vegas recently we came here a couple times. It does good, reasonably priced Chinese food. It was perfect that it was so close for us. We stayed in the Vdara which is next door to Bellagio - and there is a handy walkway so its just minutes away.Had various dishes including a lovely chicken dish - cant remember the name. First time we went we was the night we landed and we had all been awake for around 24 hours. I got an earlier flight so I was especially tired.The 2nd time we visited here, we had a lobster (the normal Chinese style with garlic and spring onions). Very tasty - although Manchester (UK) is just as good!When I did my result for Chinese restaurants in Vegas, there were several but I think a lot of them are either modern/contemporary so all sorts of fancy stuff and/or very expensive. Noodles is a good "normal" tasty Chinese restaurant.
1	9 people from NYC $295.00 bill.... Overpriced mediocre Chinese food...It seems to me that no matter where you put a Chinese restaurant and no matter how much you charge, service is always below par.Look, I am Chinese and I live in NYC.  I am used to crappy service Chinese restaurants, it just  a part of the culture.  Bad service, cheap prices, GREAT FOOD! right?Not at Noodles - Las Vegas... CRAPPY Service, EXTREMELY expensive and CRAPPY Food.... This is the trifecta of crap here, please stay away....
4	Considering this is in the Bellagio and on the strip, this is a pretty good place.  The price is not exactly the cheapest for asian food but it is the cheapest for being on the strip!  I'm chinese so I can tell you that this food is authentic.  It's real hard for me to find authentic chinese food in Louisiana... I usually have to go to Houston.  All we have here is so-call chinese food thats not at all authentic.  I like noodles because they have a variety of asian food.  They have dim sum, thai food, chinese food, vietnamese food, and... not really sure what else... but there was a lot of choices.  I got this chinese veggie thats only cooked in authentic places and it was great.  I did get the porridge one morning and did not like the side plates.  I wanted some sour things to put in it... I thought they were going to be the usual authentic sour radish and so forth that we make at home.  Instead it was this pickled cucumber from a can. on the weekends they have dim sum.  You can tell its good b/c this is one of the few places you actually see old asian people come eat.  You know a place is authentic when there's a bunch of old chinese women there.  I also like noodles because they were opened very late.
5	Fantasgic place to eat! Me and my boyfriend come go vegas at least once a year and wd come here at least once a trip. Tried the pan fried dumpligs this trip and they were amazing. And the sauce they give u is sweet and a bit tangy and delicious. Sometimes there is a wait but it's worth it. They are pretty fast at seatingand even when its packed they get the food out fast. definently a must in vegas
5	The service is slow,But their food is excellent.My fave in Vegas.
3	We tried to make reservations at this restaurant so we could have dinner before going to see 'O', but it is first come first serve. We arrived at the restaurant at 6:15, but there was all ready a line. I asked the what time they closed...1:40 AM. So, instead, we went to the show and after we had our dinner.We ordered the Hong Kong style noodles with pork and Roast Duck. The waiter was very attentive. Our water glasses were always full.As for the dinner, the Hong Kong style noodles were soaking in sauce that had a weird flavor. The noodles were really thin for egg noodles. If they were thicker, I think it wouldn't have absorbed all the sauce. The duck was excellent, boneless and full of flavor.This was the second time we ate there...don't think we'll be back anytime soon.
3	oodles of noodles =)We came in this little restaurant for a late dinner.  We started off with some orange juice and hot tea.  For food, we ordered the shiu mai and the crab noodles.  The shiu mai was pretty good.  It was 4 pieces of steamed pork and vegetable dumplings.  I noticed there was cooked tobiko caviar on top.  yum.  the crab noodles were okay.  they used rice noodles with a lot of pieces of crabs.  a little bland but we put soy sauce on it.  the food was pretty good.For our pot of tea, an orange juice, 1 appetizer, and 1 noodle, our total was $44 without tip.  I thought it was a little over priced considering the quality and how much food we got.  The type of asian food they had were thai, vietnamese, japanese, and korean.  some of the items were ridiculously priced.  for example, vietnamese rice porridge was $13 when normally it would be only $5.  Your an idiot if you order rice in broth water for that much.  My other complaint was that the restaurant was extremely cold.  It was uncomfortable.  Overall, the food is good, but definitely not worth the price.  Nothing exquisite about this place.
1	I hate asian restaurants that mix up asian food from all different countries, then put it on one menu.  It's never done really well because some dishes may be more on the authentic side, but others won't live up to standards.This is exactly what you get at Noodles in the Bellagio - they mixed Cantonese, Mandarin, Japanese, Thai, Vietnamese, you name it.  I guess they figured they need a place to serve all of the rich Asian guests, and this is what they came up with.I had the wonton noodle soup, and it was SOOO bland.Yuck.
3	Well it's Definitely satisfying noodles but not for the price of $19 a plate. I know that anything on the strip and in a casino is usually pricey. But I didn't anticipate paying $19 for noodles. I forgot which one I got but it was like pad kee Mao with chicken. It was a bit spicy and very flavorful and greasy. It's the perfect drunk food ESP after a long night of partying.
3	Came here with a friend randomly to get some food. I ordered a classic Chicken Chow Mein simply because I always test out a new restaurant with an easy dish first.The service was excruciatingly slow. I had ordered a lemonade or something and by the time It reached me I wondered when I had ordered it. The food was abundant; I had a full plate and as starving as I was, could not finish it. The noodles were very delicious though, and the chicken was tender. The sauce/glaze...i don't now what it was but after I added some of that spicy sauce (i'm thinking it was just Rooster sauce) It became relevant to future stays in Vegas, repeat business status.The place was very busy when we got in but I think it was the tail end of the lunch rush. I'll definitely come again maybe during an off-time.
4	Heard this was the best dim sum around from "very authentic' to "amazing" from several friends that frequented Vegas. A friend had organized a little dim sum group outing here...glad she did! We got there around 11am. There was already a line forming by the time we got there. Noodles only seats complete parties (and in some cases nearly complete parties if its reasonable that they will be there soon, like in our case). We were a group of 9. While we waited I took a shot at the Baccarat tables and learned a few things! Dim sum was spot on. We had the following (ordering in multiple dishes):- Shiu Mai, Cantonese style shrimp and pork dumplings steamed- Pot Sticker, a Chinese staple. It tasted as good as actually being in Asia.- Char Siu Pau, Steamed bbq pork buns, the kind that has the puffy white breading. It was great. Moist (as it should have been as it was steamed).- Malaysian-Style Roti Prata, It is a pan fried flaky bread. Was really good and came with a better than reasonable curry sauce. Perhaps I was caught up in the moment. - Roasted Pork, Was awesome....the name of the dish defines itself. prepared well. not too fatty though enough to keep it authentic. Probably one of the few meals that didn't include alcohol...instead we had THAI ICE TEA!!!!! I found out it was on the menu and ordered one to complete the memories from Asia...and then after I got mine everyone else got one following my "tastegasm".Towards the end of our meal my friend saw that legendary Poker Player Johnny Chan was eating a few tables away from us. He was apparently the Bellagio's resident poker player. I will make a stop here again next time I am in town.
4	bomb.com
1	This place was so not good. It's my first day in the belagio and we went here as we were exhausted....Pot stickers=undercooked and pink Sesame chicken=mainly breading, littlechicken actually involved This place is basically a way worse and more expensive version of PF Changs...Also no bathrooms inside and took forever  to even get a table. Limited cocktail menu. Decent waiter though!
4	I want to start sentance by saying I love this place.  I discover this place by accident.  My girlfriend and I came out of "O"show in Bellagio and it was late and we were hungry.  I felt like eating some spicy fried rice.  Even though it was 2AM, this place was open and crowded. Peopel head of us told us, its there 3rd time at the place, so we got good feeling about the place.  I oder the fried rice, Kung Pao Shrimp, Fried Rice and Singapore Curry Rice Vermicelli with Shrimp and told our server to make it medium spicy, boy it hit the spot.  It was great chinese food. Loved it.  Only reason i am giving it 4 stars becuase our server was little sleepy, other then that ambiance was great very contemporary dining.
5	I wish I lived in Vegas just because of this place! The Ox tail soup is probably one of the best soups AI have ever had the pleasure of eating. The Hainanese chicken is also super! Anything you order will be exquisite. Priced right too, for being in a Vegas hotel!
4	We came here on a hunt for an easy, relatively inexpensive dinner one night, nothing special. The menu is extensive, plenty of options to satisfy all taste buds. We ordered the pot stickers to start out and thank goodness they came out quick. The sweet and tangy sauce was excellent but the meat inside the pot sticker was a bit chewy.  Tempora shrimp rocked by world in a hearty batter. Spare ribs were next and they were great, a huge portion. The five spice sauce with peanuts was nasty though! Uni yaki noodles were excellent with fresh veggies (red/green bell peppers, onion, mushroom) and pork that was almost better than the spare ribs.I'm not really sure what the deal is with the African themed decorations but whatever, the foods good.I thought the set up of the restaurant itself was strange. There were huge tables for large groups but the majority of diners were in groups of 4 or less. Wasted space! Perhaps that's why there was a 30 minute wait on a Sunday evening.
1	My best friend is Asian and his superstitious tendencies say that if you eat noodles on your birthday, you will have a long life.  I won't lie, my mom tells me the same thing.  Anyhow, with that state of mind; he started his search for a place to eat, which he had never tried.  Alas, Yelp led him to a place called Noodles in the Bellagio.  Looking for a place to eat noodles... what better place to go than a restaurant called Noodles!?  Blah!!!!!Pros:    * Very Beautiful Atmosphere  * located inside Bellagio (fancy schmancy)  * spacious seating w/ large family style tables  * diverse selection of noodles from pho to singapore noodles  * large portions  *  The sauce that came w/ the calamari had a nice kick to it.  * Hor Fun was Yum Yum.Cons:  * I haven't been to Bellagio on a Saturday in awhile, but let me tell you... Parking sucks!  No exaggeration, I was looking for parking for 45 minutes.  *  Way over-priced, but this was expected for a fancy restaurant.  *  The quality of the food sucked.  I'll talk more about that later  *  The wait to get in the restaurant was almost an hour.  *  After getting seated, it took the server 25 minutes before saying hi  *  Took nearly 10 minutes for water  *  Server forgot to bring my friends soda (she had to ask 2 times)  *  My tea took another 10 minutes to bringOrdered:  Calamari - I'm a big fan of calamari, but this was chewy in a bad way.  Hot Tea - nearly $9, but it does serve 4 so it's not too bad  Singapore Noodles - definitely not what i expected, big portion though  Ice Water- if you want water, get it w/ lemon to mask that "tap" taste  Total cost:  nearly $40.00 !Verdict:  *  I wouldn't recommend this place.  I have no intention of coming back.  I do love that the portions were heaping, but I didn't really enjoy it much (at least not the Singapore Noodles).  My best friend ordered the Duck.  It was crispy on the outside, but the meat itself was a bit dry.  My friend's girlfriend ordered the Hor Fun.  This was pretty good.  If I had to come again, I'd definitely would order this.  I expected it to cost me what it did, but for that price, I was disappointed with the quality of the food (maybe I just didn't order the right stuff.  I'll give them the benefit of the doubt) and definitely was not satisfied with the service.  Eek!  Me thinks not !Tips:  * go to Chinatown off Spring Mountain... there's plenty of selection for a quarter of the price.  * you know how some place have water that has that weird taste, yea... Noodles has that type of water so get a hot tea or soda.  *  Hor Fun was Fun indeed.  It's a safe bet for your Noodle virgins
5	For Asian cuisine, this is some of the best I have ever tasted! We have been to Noodles on several occasions, and the Chicken Fried Rice and Curry Chicken are standouts.  Spring Rolls are always fresh and crispy.  Dumplings are soft and pillowy with a nice sauce.  They have great hot Jasmine tea as well.Can't wait for our return visit!
2	Oh man! It was bad, real bad.. We ordered a lot....of bad things! The dim sum alright; the har gau was actually good, but every other dim sum, meh. We selected duck, chicken, and char siu for our "Three Varieties of Joy," but the only thing to be joyful about was the roasted pork char siu. I don't know why the duck tasted like chicken and the chicken  was overcooked and the dark meat texture was like really tough chicken breast meat. Then they managed to make the beef rice noodles taste burnt which is the resulting taste if one doesn't wash the wok after cooking for a long period of time. The Singapore curry rice noodles still had some bits and chunks of curry powder with every bite. You know, for a place called "Noodles," the noodles were not good. The name really doesn't help. So we asked for the bill.. My friend was thinking about doing some quick shopping before her flight, but I guess that's not part of the plan anymore.. It took them 30 minutes to give us our credit cards back since the machine was down.. Aiya! Tsk...
4	When we arrived at Noodles ( Mid Saturday evening without a reservation ), and we were seated promptly, assisted by a friendly wait staff and had a really wonderful time! We ordered shrimp dumplings as appetizer which were really yummy but hard to get off the sticky paper in the bamboo steam box. I ordered the lump crab vermicelli and HIGHLY recommend it. It woudl be most comparable to Carbonara on an Italian menu. The flavor was light and without a doubt THE best meal I had the whole time I was in Las Vegas! I will certainly come back when I am back at this resort casino next time. One note that it was a bit hard to hear the wait staff as the place was very busy shortly after we arrived and my husband ordered a plate with shrimp and got chicken. He was happy with it though so I will say we have no complaints. It was also very reasonably priced. If I had to say something- I wuold suggest descriptions on the menu so people know what they are ordering. That was the hard part- we didnt order anything we didnt recognize by title but were pleased with the food choices. I could see where  this would be harder if someone didnt follow that rule.
2	This was my least favorite dining experience in Vegas. The tempura vegetables were great! But the shrimp wonton was sooooo "fishy" it was hard to eat! The broth was fishy too.... Yuck!
4	Dim sum at the weekend is served from carts and is really good.It's hard to understand the mixed reviews.We really enjoy this restaurant and go every year.I judge a dim sum restaurant by their chicken feet and shrimp dumplings.Both were excellent.
5	I had the Crab Vermicilli stir fry noodles and it was AWESOME.  So tasty, with real crab meat shreds.  A little on the expensive side but for good food, cost isn't an issue.  I will definitely come back again.
2	Not that impressed. The flavors were definitely not authentic and for way less money, I've had waaaay better food.  I know it's the Bellagio and I know it's Vegas, but shouldn't that mean they have world class chefs making authentic food? Anyway,  the only reason my boyfriend and I came here was for a quick meal before watching "O."  We were seated promptly and our food was quick to arrive at our table.  The prices definitely reflect that you're paying for the location and not necessarily the quality of the food.  My boyfriend had the seafood Udon which he liked.  I had the braised beef soup, which was bland.  The portion size was decent enough.  We ate most of our meal and were full.  All in all, I'm disappointed.  I won't be coming back here again.  I suggest you save your $ and eat somewhere nicer as well.
1	UGH!! Worst mistake ever! We arrived to the restaurant Noodles in Bellagio in hopes of getting something yummy to eat. However, it was a bad gamble. When we got there for lunch, there was a line and we waited about 30 minutes. We thought, "Hmm, since there is a line, it must be somewhat decent." Boy, were we wrong!! We finally got seated and we saw the dim sum carts and ordered some dim sum. We ordered sui mai, pork ribs, and dumplings. They were EXTRA SMALL and a bit on the dry side. I love my sui mais moist and juicy!!  Okay okay...enough about the dim sum. On to the main course now. My hubby  ordered the seafood pho that was TWENTY DOLLARS and I ordered congee (rice porridge) with pickled veggies, even that was overpriced. Don't get me wrong, if the food was worth all that money, I wouldn't complain. The Pho came out in this extra tiny bowl! I mean, it was a small bowl, like those Asian soup bowls that we all have in our home. The Pho was bland and they only give you 3 measly shrimps and few slices of ODENG (fish cakes). REALLY? THAT's SEAFOOD PHO!! So disappointing. Now,  onto my dish. The congee wasn't anything special. The pickled radish was whatever too, nothing special. It really wasn't that great. I rather would have gone to Monte Carlo to their Asian noodle house instead. They have better size portions (u can definitely share) and better price. BTW, my hubby got sick after few bites of his food. Not that I'm saying it was the food that actually got him sick. He could have been sick from the disappointment of the food here at Noodles. ;)
4	If you're craving Chinese food and do not want to leave the Strip, this is the place.  After being in Vegas for several days, I was starting to miss home-cooked meals and this was as close as I could get.  I had the udon, dim sum, and sweet and sour chicken, and they were great. I felt the dim sum there tasted better than the dim sum back at home.  The portions were good but of course, it's pricier (everything in Vegas is expensive, duh).The atmosphere was cute with jars of noodles on the walls as decorations.
3	At Noodles the prices are outrageous, but the food is delicious.  When my Sweet and Spicy noodles came out, I was a bit skeptical when it looked like a plate of spaghetti with some chicken thrown in it.  After the first bite, however, I was hooked.  The sauce was simply fantastic!  While $18 a plate is a bit hard to swallow, I would consider coming back for this dish alone.  At $4.50 a Coke (with no refills) though, you'd better stick to water.
2	EXTREMELY disappointed. Located in Bellagio, we came here for a quick bite to eat around lunch time. There were several Chinese people in front of us, so figured we couldn't go wrong here!I am not sure where people are getting the large portion size and great price. I agree with some of the other people in which the portion size was measly, and the price is outrageous for the portion size you get. First of all, I have never been charged for hot tea at a dim sum place. We ordered the Homemade Garlic Ginger Sauce (Deep Fried) Chilean Sea Bass, which tasted great, but was gone in like three bites since it was so tiny. AND, we paid $33 for this tiny thing. I can't remember what else I ordered or ate since the check was outrageous for the amount of food we got. Completely overpriced, and I would not recommend this place to anybody. You might as well eat at a cheap Chinese buffet like 6 times for the price and food you get.
4	Love this place! portions are big enough for sharing!! great for the price.
4	I love this place so much that I wanted to eat here every day, but was not able to as my family wanted to eat in the other restaurants in the Bellagio as well. But excellent food, with great taste, and good service.
3	The line was long, we had a group of 4 the hostess decided to seat 2 who were way behind us at a table with a 4 people setting I don't know if they tipped her to get seated faster, so we ended up at the bar. The waitress just left all of our food infront of 1 person, maybe she forgot who ordered what? She was super rude and didn't speak much English only reason they are getting even 3 stars was because their pork and duck was good. Worst restaurant at belliago for sure. We will never be going back to this restaurant. Hire some better help or train your workers in customer service!!!
5	Love Love Noodles!!! Noodles is a little Chinese restaurant off the casino floor at the Bellagio.  Brightly lit, quick service, and amazing Chinese food!  They get the sauces just right here, so much so that you'll want to lick your plate!  I never leave Vegas without eating here or picking up a togo order. I have them on speed dial. My favorites from the menu: Kung Pao ChickenXO Green BeensBeef Stew with Noodles
4	Really really enjoyed the food here!!! One of the more authentic asian restaurants in Vegas too. We originally went to Bellagio to try out their lunch buffet, but after seeing how long the line extended out, we opt to try Noodles instead and it definitely did not disappoint. We were practically starving by the time we got seated...after a night out of drinking, I usually feel like I could devour an entire cow the next morning lol. We sat down and immediately started ordering the dim sum for appetizers. Had the Siu mai and ha cao, along with many other authentic dishes and let me tell you - we were shocked on how delicious it was! Fresh tasting, and seasoning and flavors were simply delish!For my main meal, I had the Hainan Chicken with Rice and the BF had the Roasted Duck with Rice. Almost all the others had some type of noodle soup with either chicken or duck. Food was pretty good, and although a little more pricey than other asian restaurants, it was worth it. Will definitely come back again!
1	We decided to try this restaurant one night after a show when we saw the crowd inside and outside the restaurant. The wait time at 9:15 p.m. was horrendous--it took them more than 30 minutes to get us a table for two. We ordered the chicken chow mein and sauteed veggies. The veggies were nothing great--a bit on the bland side. The chow mein was unpalatable and left my friend feeling sick through the night and the next morning.If we're ever there again, we will actively avoid eating here.
3	Decent and not memorable. Way overpriced even for Vegas standards. Beef noodle bowl was ok. Funny, they give you two slices of meat and two big chunks of fat.
2	Pretty nice spot for some fairly authentic Asian food. The venue is pretty small and you should be ready to wait for about 30 minutes on the weekends. My friends and I discovered the simple logic of Noodles' pricing. Take the price you would pay at any regular Asian restaurant not located in the Bellagio and multiply it by 2. We found this out the hard way when we all decided to get a bowl of white rice for each of us and saw that once we got the bowl it was $4 per bowl and that my glass of cranberry juice was $4.50. I mean I don't expect anything else since it is in the Bellagio but just giving you all a heads up.The food I would give it a 3.5-4 (Crab vermicelli is delishhhh) but the reason I gave a 2 is because of the service. Unless they are trying to give you a really authentic experience of an Asian restaurant, which includes horrible service, then I get it. Other than that, there should be no reason why the service in such a high class place such as the Bellagio should be so bad! They seriously need some extra hospitality training. We would call our waitress to get us another glass of water for the billionth time and she would raise her finger up at us as if to hush us and rush off. Granted she did give us our water eventually, but every time we asked for something it was as if every waiter and waitress were walking by so fast to avoid being called on by anyone or it would be given reluctantly. Come on now, if I'm paying $4 for a tiny bowl of white rice I better be getting some tip top service!
2	The food is great but the service is terrible! I will not go back. It's sad because the food is great!
4	I was craving some authentic Chinese food while exploring the Bellagio, and came upon Noodles. While my seating wasn't great (at the bar, right next to the kitchen), the service was fine. I appreciated my waiter: an older, Asian server, and he was quite tolerant of my hacked American attempt at confirming the name of the beef stew in Chinese.I had the Mandarin beef stew noodle soup, and it was delicious - it was authentic, and reminded me of my mom's home cooking!  The appetizer was decent (shrimp shumai), but the dessert was slightly lacking - mango sticky rice. When I order this, I expect my mango to be ready to eat! (It was still on the skin, and scraping it off with a spoon while getting really sticky in the process wasn't my ideal dessert). Nevertheless, two thumbs up for decent Chinese food!
4	Popped into Noodles randomly with 2 coworkers for a quick lunch today, and came away very impressed. I got the Double Happiness with Duck and Pork, and it was outstanding. Some of the most tender duck I've ever had.  My coworkers both got noodle dishes and raved about them.  I will say the service was a bit odd - my meal arrived first, then about 5 minutes later one of my coworkers meals arrived, and then a couple minutes later, the 3rd plate arrived.
1	This review is for Noodles restaurant at the Bellagio - not impressed! Dinner for four and really looking forward to some great crab noodles until I picked up the nasty black worm in my food. The waiter was apologetic and offered to replace the dish but I was so grossed out I couldn't eat anything. Manager sent a mango pudding as consolation but not what you expect at the Bellagio.
4	Shrimp dumpling = 5 starsBeef noodle soup = 4 starsother dim sum = 3.5 starsAfter drinking on a Friday night, I was craving for some noodle/asian food. I stayed at Cosmo, so Noodles was just next door in the Bellagio. Being a Taiwanese, I was NOT disappointed by their beef noodle soup. It was almost as good as the ones in Taiwan, but I think a little more spice would enhance the soup more. The noodle was slightly too well done. Surprisly, Noodles makes the best shrimp dumpling (dim sum) that I have ever had. Great food, but I probably would not come back because this is an over priced Asian restaurant.
5	this is the best Noodles place we have ever been too, my GF is Vietnamese and she always makes home made Vietnamese food at home, and  she even told me that this place had some awesome noodle soups, I had the Pad thai noodles, which was a little spicy but very delicious, and my GF had the Won Ton Noodle soup which had shrimp in the won ton, she loved it, I had a Thais Iced tea which is a little pricey, because you can get them for $2 off the strip, but it was still good to us. 5 stars, this place is small so expect there will be a line to wait to sit especially on a weekend.   the price is a good deal for what you get on the food though. oh and one last thing, the potstickers were AMAZING!!!
2	The food was really boring.  We got chow mein and the noodles were over cooked.  We hoped that in a place called "noodles" that they would know how to cook noodles.  Alas, this was not the case.  It was all just kind of average.
2	This place was just fine as a third rate Chinese restaurant...but it was not worth the time it took to get seated (5 minutes) or the money (reasonable for Las Vegas casino standards). The noodles were overcooked and the seasoning was bland. Skip this place and go to Lemongrass at Aria. When I want food like this I can go to Panda Express for the same thing.
4	Outstanding.  A bit overpriced, but it is in the Bellagio.  We had shrimp balls as an appetizer, which were delicious.  I had the Spicy Thai Shimp Noodle soup, which was really, really good.  I would go back just for that!
4	Have feelings we had before,Back when we were so innocent.I pray for all your love,Girl our love is so unreal...at NOODLES! - Jason Chen (best friend original)Quickly sat down at the bar, ordered my beef chow fun with thai iced tea and 20 mins later i was satisfied. The iced tea was actually very spot on and was surprisingly big. The chow fun was average, since they used red onions...first time i've seen it lol. But i mean the food came out in like 5 mins and i had plenty of time before going to the airport. Service again was warming here, can't complain. Restaurant decor is good too.Food: 4 stars --- Service: 5 stars --- Atmosphere: 4.5 stars --- Price(value): 3 stars
4	it may be pricey compared to what you are used to if you are asian (since you prob know how much everything REALLY costs to make) these noodle soups and dishes are definitley inflated by las vegas prices. i grew up eating these classic asian noodle dishes and while they arent the cheap bowls you can get for $5 in nyc chinatown, theyre good and fulfill your craving while away from home. expect to pay almost $20 a person for just an entree dish of noodles. no complaints on taste of food though. the menu is large and there will most definiltey be something for everyone. located in the casino near the lobby of the bellagio. great way to satisfy a craving! our waitress was very informative on the menu items and knowledgable about them as well. just a bit too pushy for me though. some staff may also come off as a bit snooty, and witty if you ask too many questions. you can also use your comp dollars from bellagio here!
3	Noodles was our detour resto after we discovered there was a 2hr wait for the Bellagio Champagne Brunch. Champagne brunch...Chinese Noodle Shop....eh minor difference. After a short 10 minute wait (while checking out the exorbitant price gouging on the menu....$9 dimsum?! $18 beef noodle soup?!), we were seated. The service was quite prompt.As a group of starving Asian girls - you do NOT keep us waiting for our food. Our entrees took quite some time to make, even though they told us everything was already pre-made. As a result, we were forced to order a variety of the aforementioned pricey dim sum. The dim sum wasn't terrible; we shared the turnip cakes, spare ribs, and two zhong zi. For the price of those few dishes we could have had a FEAST back in NYC. But I digress.Finally the noodles come out & the portions are deceivingly big! The noodle soup bowls look small, but are actually quite deep. The dry noodle dishes are definitely large - can definitely feed 2 people and keep them full. I had the Laksa noodles; coconut broth was heavenly, but I struggled to find enough of my broad flat noodles in there =( We also ordered a side dish of steamed bok choy, oyster sauce on the side (cus we health conscious like that! ;D). That was $9. Insane! But oh-so-good after a weekend of eating potato chips. Their last saving grace was the Viet Iced Coffee! It was not overly sweet, but had just enough caffeine kick in there to help us through our 3 hour sleep the night before. Bottom line - overpriced Chinese food, but gets the job done. Split the dishes.
3	This place serves mildly authentic, mediocre food. A little pricey but it is a Vegas hotel restaurant. Still worth visiting to satisfy certain cravings.Service was always fast, and on the friendly side.My mom and I came here twice (we were staying at the Bellagio). On our first visit I ordered the mandarin beef noodle soup. While the beef and tendons were well-cooked and tasty, I did not like the soup as much; it was more like marinade/braising sauce than beef broth. Some may argue that this is common in beef noodle soup, but being from Taiwan (a place where beef noodle soup is extremely popular) I'm not a huge fan of this type of soup. All-in-all I still enjoyed the dish, the beef chunks and tendons were nice.The seafood pho my mom ordered was also plain, although my mom liked it. On our second visit I had the Dan Dan noodles while my mother ordered the Hainanese chicken rice and a side of Shu Mai. While I'm not an expert at either of the main dishes, I quite enjoyed the Dan Dan noodles; they reminded me of tasty dry noodles with sauce that I used to have as a kid living in Taipei. I would have preferred if there was more soup; the noodles were really taking up the small bowl and sucking up most of the soup. The chicken rice, on the other hand was not so good. The rice itself was dry, and everything else about the dish was mediocre. The Shu Mai were dry and average-tasting as well.Still, Noodles isn't all that bad for a quick bite of Asian food; it gets the job done.Taking into consideration that the type of food Noodles serves is - to my knowledge - quite rare in Vegas, it might deserve a 3.5.
3	The food was good, definitely better than what we can get at China Town, but not the best. The dim sum were okay, not the best. I like that they don't make the dim sum greasy. The beef chow fun was satisfactory but not exceptional.I especially like their beef fried rice though, had it twice during my 2 week stay in vegas. My stomach wasn't feeling well sometimes and the beef fried rice seemed to do the trick.The service was good. I don't think there is MSG as I don't have my allergic reaction after eating there. MSG free food is always worth it. I think I will go back especially for their beef fried rice.
3	First of all, skip any curry dish! It is way too overpowering!  Duck was good, but needs to come with a vegetable. Tofu Yaki udon was good and light for Asian noodles.  Tofu eggplant was good, but was very heavy, and not spicy, though I asked for VERY spicy.  Short wait, which was great because we needed to have a nice, quick dinner that night.
3	Between 2 and 4 stars, so it averages to a 3. What was 2 stars?  The service, the price, and the food.  The 2 star service was mostly how we ordered a Diet Coke and a Coke and we got two Diet Cokes and how they brought out a noodle soup dish first and then the other three fried noodle dishes about 10-15 minutes later.  The price was a bit much for what you get, although it wasn't unexpected in Vegas, let alone the Bellagio.  But seriously, it's noodles.  The dish probably costs $2 to make and is usually marked up to $6 or $8 at a normal restaurant....but $15 or $20 here?  Pffffft.  That's what I have to say about that.  The 2 stars for food is for the upset stomach about 20 minutes after leaving.  The 4 stars were for the service and the food.  The service was great because no matter how fast I drank my drink, it was rarely empty and when it was, it didn't stay empty for long.  I got the spicy dan dan noodles which turned out to be pretty tasty.  The ground pork could have been any cut and didn't have much flavor.  The spiciness was on the very low side so I had to add a lot of the chili sauce they have on the table.  I got to try some of the fried noodle dishes and they seemed pretty similar to each other.  But the flat Thai-style noodles were pretty tasty. Overall, this restaurant is just okay.  It's the budget Bellagio meal and it honestly doesn't feel like it belongs in the casino.  I think that was because the ingredients are cheap to begin with and the menu was mostly stocked with the standard Asian dishes you can find anywhere else in the country.  There were some interesting things, I'll admit, but for the most part I've seen it all before.  This sentiment would probably be different if they had something like chicken feet in the dim sum menu, but alas.  If you don't want to spend a lot for food, I'd suggest walking somewhere else, you'll get more bang for your buck.  I won't go back because there are so many other things that are as good or better for the same price in the immediate area.
4	Just a quick lunch,; in & out. Spot on Dan Dan Noodle soup. Terrific!
5	Some of the best noodles ever! The pot stickers were also very tasty. I will definitely be back the next time we are in LV.
4	I was actually very surprised this place was good. I got the ox tail soup, along with several dim sum dishes, and was very happy with everything I got. I didn't get to try the actual noodles because of my low carb diet, but the ox tail soup was very good and I would definitely go back for some noodles!
4	My wife and I came in here when we were staying at the Bellagio for our wedding/honeymoon week (4/22-4/26/12). We were both tired on that Tue night, and had plans to go to a fancy steakhouse the next night, so we wanted to play it mellow. We came here with no reservations and only had about a 15 minute wait. I tend to be a picky eater, so my wife was a little worried about me finding something on the menu. I ended up going with the noodle soup (with soya chicken). When it came to the table, it was a little bland - but after adding the hot sauce and soy sauce to the soup, it was REALLY good. The waitress was nice, and very attentive. Overall, it was a good experience and a nice dressed-down evening.
3	Service was just okay,  Fast at the end if they're trying to get you out of there. Probably the most expensive $18 pho I've seen in my lifetime, but it's the Bellagio so understandable.  I had the fried/crispy noodles with chicken ($17), chicken was tender, the sauce was good but way too drenched.  The egg noodles were thin like vermicelli so thicker I thought would've been better.  The dim sum was surprisingly good - steam pork buns, pork dumplings (shumai), and chicken feet.  $4.25 to $4.75 isn't too outrageous.
2	Poor service. Weird layout. Noisy. Very bad fried rice. And of course overpriced for the quality and quantity of good though reasonably prices compared to the other Bellagio restaurants. If you sit at the counter, you face a wall inches from your face. Just weird. Decor is uninteresting.
4	In the city of excess, some jasmine tea and a steamy bowl of pho is a very welcome thing.It's not cheap - I think my bowl of Vietnamese Seafood Pho was about $18 - but it was soothing, aromatic (lots of cilantro, just the way I like it), and delicious (and huge, with large chunks of fresh seafood).  It was actually one of the best bowls of pho I've had (mind you I live in NYC, which is notoriously lacking in solid Vietnamese cuisine, but still).  The shrimp and pork shumai ($9) were gorgeously plump and tasty - an excellent way to start the meal.  And the Fresh Young Coconut ($8) was a terrific way to end.Service was a little slow, and my waitress wouldn't serve me congee because she didn't think I would like it (I beg to differ, but no sense arguing with the person in control of preventing you from passing out from hunger).  The menu is vast, not for the indecisive, and a little schizophrenic, drawing inspiration not from one country, but four (Thailand, Japan, China, Japan).  Simply decorated, it is not flashy or fancy.  We were there early afternoon, and there seemed to be more executives on their lunch break than hotel guests (a good sign?  I think so).  Overall, a solid choice with great food.  It lacks the razzmatazz that personifies so much of Vegas, but offers a nice, simple hunger solution following several days (and nights) of gluttony.
1	We came here for a Saturday night dinnah and I am less than impressed.  We waited almost 20 minutes only to be seated right outside the kitchen even though there were MULITPLE tables throughout the restaurant that didn't have people seated at them until 10 or 15 minutes after we were seated and some remained empty the entire time we were there!The servers were nice but lacked knowledge and took forever in between table visits.  When ours finally came back I asked him if it was individual or family style serving and he didn't know what I meant.  *sigh*  It turned out to be family style (each dish could serve 3 or 4 easily).  I ordered the thai noodle tom yum soup and while the broth was arromatic and all, it lacked flavor.  I had to pull the veggies and shrimp out to slice them up so I could eat them without choking.  The cilantro was a great touch but it was like they braided it together and threw it in the bowl- I could only get huge chunks of it all at once.  I love me some cilantro but this is ridiculous.  Overall, I can't say I would return to Noodles.  The smoke from the casino wafted in on a regular basis seeing as there was absolutely NO separation between the two capping off the negative experience.
1	This restaurant had a big line to eat and the waiting system here is absolutely horrible. They make you stand in line for over an hour with no pager or any other system which would allow the guests to sit in casino or do something else. Also none of the restaurants in Bellagio including Noodles has a couch or waiting area which would allow the patrons to sit. This reflects a very callous attitude by bellagio where they dont have a couch or a pager system.The food is OK. The 2 table besides the counter in the back is close to each other and there is very little privacy...So overall a very dissatisfying dinner - 45 min wait with no place to sit and wait, food is Just very average and the waiter is very abrupt so cant give any points for service either.
5	I've been coming here since they first opened in Bellagio. I'm glad they are still here. I always get the Hanianese Chicken with garlic rice and chicken broth soup. So yummy! I love the dim sum here and the wonton noodle soup.People coming complaining about the price? ITS VEGAS!Open till 2am DAILY! YAY!
3	OK - I've been here before for the beef noodle soup - but I actually think this place even though is expensive does hit the spot for asian food if you are around the Bellagio. I ordered a BBQ Pork Wonton Hor Fun noodle soup but they gave me egg noodles by accident. I told them and they came back with an extra heaping of BBQ Pork. Grateful and delighted. I also like that the soup is very hot. Pricey but what can you expect when you're on the strip in Vegas?
5	This is my go to place at Bellagio any time I have family in town. No matter what time of the day you go, the place is always busy and there is usually always a wait because they don't take reservations. We always get the calamari, pot stickers, Malaysian fried rice (beef and chicken), salt and pepper shrimp and kung pao chicken and shrimp. The food does take a while to come out but it is well worth the wait. Most of the food served there is made to share for the whole table so the price may seem expensive but for the amount of food you get, its not that bad. Also, make sure to try the Thai iced tea, it is delicious!
5	Always eat here 3 or 4 times each vegas trip. Great shrimp wonton noodle soup, pork buns, pot stickers , BBQ pork and duck.
2	Really poor service, really long waits, incredibly average food at a pretty absurd price. No free refills on soft drinks is always something that irks me as well.
3	Decent food and relatively reasonable prices for Vegas ($15-20 range for most entrees).  Good selection of traditional style Asian dishes. Sweet and spicy noodles were particularly delicious. Main complaint was the service. Dishes arrived at different times, which is acceptable.  But a 15 minute delay between the arrival of different plates is a bit much.  Also, there was a fairly long line for seating.  However, both could possibly be attributed to the Saturday night rush. Overall, worth a visit.
5	Delicious piping hot food made with care and the servers were kind and attentive. Maybe because i spoke chinese lol. Will be here again. They also have the Malaysian thin pancake. Oh my gosh so good. Pricy of course, but what isn't in las Vegas
2	We came here on a Wednesday night and waited for about 20 minutes and I wish we would have just gone to the buffet!After eating our appetizer which came out in a timely manner, we waited another 20 minutes for one of our two entrees.  While waiting, we noticed that there was a large Chinese family who sat 10 minutes after we did. They placed their order in their native tongue to the waitress and received all of their order. We were really disappointed, we had anticipated eating the sweet sour chicken with the chicken chow mein. Our waittress never came to apologize that the chicken chow mein wastaking longer than anticipated. When we brought it to the attention of the manager, she said some dishes take longer and my hubby pointed out that the Chinese family had chow mein orders, too, and she couldn't answer us!So as we sat, we noticed that customers who spoke Chinese, had special treatment over other nationalities. We talked to a European couple next to us, and they had noticed the same trend. I would be interested to know if this happend to others?OH, and the food??? I would give it 3 stars!! Had better, elsewhere!
4	I frequent this place at least several times a year. Dim Sum is decent and a variety of noodle soups are excellent. Extremely consistent in flavor and quality. However, the service is, well, very Chinese...non existent. I also spotted quite dusty display noodle jars along the walls. I am giving 4 stars solely on the quality of food.
5	We meet some friends for lunch here we were seated right away by a friendly host.Our lunch was great, a great time was had by all our server seemed a little busy but she was very nice.We will return.
4	Nice Elegant and simple ...  Noddles is one of my choices for quick snack on the Strip after reading the review from Susan felt that this time had to get the Hanianese Chicken with garlic rice but could not find it on the menu so this time had the flat rice noddle with chicken with curry and veg, this is all what noddles should be the food was good, service was attentive i only wish they would not try to upscale the dish by using asparagus as the main vegetable in the dish as there are so many others that would have been better ... like buck choy   expect about 30$ per person ... it's simple the strip is not cheap and the days of luring gamblers with cheap food seem to be gone
2	This place is fine if you don't normally eat a lot of different types of Asian food. It isn't terrible and the quality is fine but if you eat Asian food reguarly, you will know the difference. We ordered the Oriental Fried Rice and the Pad Thai and they both were lacking in flavor. Very generous portions though. Also- their Pad Thai isn't Pad Thai... I've had Pad Thai at tons of restaurants and it always uses the same type noodles and has the same tasting sauce. Their version of Pad Thai used thicker noodles and their sauce was bland and not spicy. It just tasted like some sort of Chinese noodle dish... No Thai tastes whatsoever. Red 8 at the Wynn is much better if you're looking for great Asian food on the strip!
3	Overpriced. Just keep walking. Save your money eat somewhere else. Food is average. Service is below average. Hainan chicken lack flavor. Serving size is small. ( I was still hungry!) GRRRRR!!
2	Slimy noodles and lots of dim sum. Crowded, noisy, mediocre service. Very forgettable. It was so bad we went to the chocolate place at Bellagio afterward to recover.
2	Gross over price noodles but it is at bellagio so... Overrated...
3	The food was good, but the service was a little down.When our waiter finally too our order (15 minutes after we came in) he walked to another table and took their order. He was talking with them for a while so he didn't give our order to the kitchen right away. They brought out our calamari appetizer first, then the dim sum maybe 10 minutes later, and then we didn't get our next dish until 20 minutes after that. Our waiter also told us that someone else would be helping us instead of him but he didn't say who and we had no idea which person to ask. We got the rest of our food rather quickly but by the time we were done it had been almost an hour and a half since we came in. Two groups who came in after us had received their food before we got most of ours and they left before we did. For whatever reason, the kitchen was taking a long time to prepare our food.
4	Can't speak for anything else except for the Mandarin Beef Noodle Soup since that's all I had there...It was delicious!  The noodles are cooked perfectly, broth perfectly seasoned, meat tender, and tendons cooked perfectly! The decor/ambience and service were all great.... kind of expected though for a restaurant that is set inside the Bellagio.
1	POOR SERVICE/You are treated as a pest.I was very disappointed coming here.  I am Chinese and came with my family on a vacation. We stepped in and were first in line at lunch right before noon.  We were treated like pests by the hostess.  We asked her how long the wait was and she told us with annoyance:"Oh, 2, 3, or 10 minutes."  We looked at the inside of the restaurant and more than 1/2 the restaurant was empty.It wasn't until after 10 minutes went by and more people left that I asked why we had to wait- we called earlier and this place does not take reservations.  She said disdainly: "there's a convention"  But I thought there were no reservations...I asked for a manager's name so I can talk to him/her-Hostess: *eyes rolled* "Do you want the owner's name?"  I said no, just the manager.  "Marcus"He basically told me the same thing- and added in a wry and condescending way:"But thank you for asking"Too bad, the food was decent, but not worth the price, which I can expect in Vegas.  But to be treated like a Cockroach was new, even here.
3	The service is great, the atmosphere is comparable a modern Chinese eateries of Kowloon, San Francisco and Vancouver B.C. Very pleasant. The food needs to be push up to another level, maybe some more different dishes...
3	Came here on Sunday Night Labor Day Weekend hoping to get some good Asian food to refuel the body.  Left Cosmo at 8pm (right next door to bellagio).  Did not get seated until almost 10.  Yeah, the line to get in can be a bit ridiculous.  The reason why could be the slow service.  And its a crawling pace.  There were table that should have been bussed, but only one bus boy without all the right equipment.  It took almost 5 minutes to clean up one table (from the time they started cleaning, it was probably a good half an hour after the patrons had left). WIth a line outside the door thats unacceptable.  All that being said, the food was good, although $$$.  Expect dishes to range from $15-$25 dollars for stuff that would normally cost at most $10 anywhere else.  The MANDARIN BEEF STEW NOODLE was good. The SIGNATURE PREMIERE RICE hit the spot for me.  The DOUBLE HAPPINESS from the BBQ and Roast section was also quite good (we got Duck and Pork). In general the food was of quality was delicious.  However, the wait, the prices, and the service was not worth it.  Even for Vegas.  If you are looking for good noodle soup with less of a wait, try SEA: The Tahi Experience in Bally's.
2	Everyone knows food in Vegas is ALWAYS over priced, but I always expect a certain type of quality as well... nothing over the top, just a little better than decent I guess you could say..The food here were below my expectations.. - Pan fried noodles: they were doused in sauce and the noodles weren't even crunchy..- Chinese broccoli was dry and overcooked.. - Their duck with rice is more of an individual portion rather than a la carte which is what I had hoped for..there was more rice than duck, and the duck portions had mostly bones (although bones are a big part of duck, the bone portion here was more than normal).The line here is a bit rediculous, and to be honest I'm not quite sure why.. food isnt that great and there are tons of other places open 24/7 in sin city!
5	Go for the dim sum... Did I forget to mention the dim-sum? Yes, please try the dim sum!I've had the pleasure of dining here three times, and I never had a bad meal. However, my last experience was more like an epiphany: I came here for dim sum.I live in NYC and took an interest in tea houses that serve excellent dim sum, yet what I ate in NYC did not compare the dim sum served at Noodles. I was knocked clear off my feet with how scrumptious, flavorful and delightful it was. The line for dim sum was out the door (mostly asian customers who know where the good stuff is), and we waited for 45 minutes to be seated. Now we know why, it was sooooooooo worth the wait. First, you must try the chicken feet. This is a must for any adventurous eater, and even the meek might be converted. It was perfectly braised; the tender gelatin fell off the bones in my mouth, and the sauce was a perfect balance between salty, sweet and savory with just a kiss of chili. My husband and I polished off 4 plates of this alone. Piles of bones on our plates laid testament to our enjoyment. The manager noted how much of it we'd polished off and mentioned "It's very unusual for Caucasians to try chicken feet." we smiled and said we were from NYC, and then he said "Ahhhh!" with a big smile and nodded understanding that we weren't strangers to chicken feet ("phoenix claws"). Our next in the line of favorites was the pan-fried shrimp and chive dumplings. This has always been a favorite of mine, and Noodles carries the crown for the best. Not to be missed are the almond shrimp! Perfectly fried, studded in crisp almond slivers these shrimp are a joy to eat and have a wonderful texture. Do not deprive yourself any longer, get some dim sum!
5	OMG! We love this restaurant! We stayed in Vegas for 5 days and had lunch/dinner at this place TWICE! This is the closest to authentic Asian that we have had in Vegas! We ordered the DanDan noodles, Paneang noodles with BBQ pork, and seafood pho both times we went because they were just so delicious! We were all pleasantly surprise! And the water! I know this is silly, but the water at Bellagio tasted so good compared to any other restaurant on the strip of Vegas. We are from Denver and I have to say Denver water is delicious, especially compared to Vegas water. Anyway, the food was terrific and the service was also very good, they refilled our glasses, which I noticed several other restaurants did not do. The food also came out very promptly. The bowls/portions looked small, but definitely offered a lot food. The only unfortunate thing is that they do not do refills on sodas! Only ice tea, but like I mentioned before, water was good!
1	This restaurant had a big line to eat and the waiting system here is absolutely horrible. They make you stand in line for over an hour with no pager or any other system which would allow the guests to sit in casino or do something else. Also none of the restaurants in Bellagio including Noodles has a couch or waiting area which would allow the patrons to sit. This reflects a very callous attitude by bellagio where they dont have a couch or a pager system. The food is OK. The 2 table besides the counter in the back isclose toeach other and there is very little privacy...So overall a very dissatisfying dinner - 45 min wait with no place to sit and wait,  food is Just vey average and the waiter is very abrupt so cant give any points for service either.
4	Worth the price for  dim sum. Wait staff is very nice and for all but one not pushy. The carts are heated. Congie is the best.
2	Food used to be good, not the case last time. Restaurant had fish smell, hard to eat.
4	I fully expected this place to be crap-tacular for various reasons including some of the dismal reviews I read.  To be clear, this place is a bit of a rip-off and I'm fairly certain there are far better pan-Asian restaurants a short drive away, but c'mon people - when you're in Vegas you generally want to stay within the confines of the Strip so you can continue to gamble and be dazzled by all of the glittery-pretty stuff in the big casinos.In any event, I got the Laksa Curry Noodle and was not at all disappointed.  It was rich, hearty, and flavorful with just the right amount of spice - like a nice warm hug of a soupy-noodle dish.  My friend got the Spicy Thai Shrimp Noodle - and while it wasn't totally authentic, thought it fragrant and delicious.  Given all of the decadently-amazing restaurants in Vegas, it was kind of nice enjoying a simple, quick meal - and if I had to do it again, I would.
1	Did not even eat here because the hostess was so pushy and annoying.  But turned out for the best because we decided to go to another restaurant and while waiting for a table, my gf and I played a slot machine and won $100 right before we got our table at FIX.  Thanks
4	Even though the line to get in was long, the service was on point and super fast. Food was excellent as well! Definitely recommend the veggie egg rolls and pad thai.
2	You've got to do better than this to survive in Vegas!I expected much more from an establishment located in the Bellagio.I tried the pho and the niu ro mein here. Both were just okay...below average.
4	The soup is an entire meal. Although when they say spivey they mean it. I wish I could of eaten more to try more things. Our noodles were so fresh and tasty, but, when they say spacey...they mean spicy!
4	Really hits the spot when you're craving good Chinese food away from home... They just lose a star because they're pretty expensive when factoring it all in! (I know I know, it's all expensive now on the Strip, but seriously... $18 for chow mein... $24 for kungpao shrimp... $21 for hainan chicken?) But in my eyes, for anyone to grab five stars their food has to be exemplary and/or at a great price for what you get... Don't get that here, but don't get me wrong; I dine here at least once each time I get to Vegas. It's my go-to when I need my Chinese fix. At least they don't charge for hot tea (like that Chinese place in the MGM does....) They're not WAY overpriced for what you get, and the price won't stop me from getting my hainan and pei dan jook.Oh, and a last note, I don't know what that person is saying about how they wish it was more authentic...... It's pretty authentic to the stuff that we have back home. Eat their jook, and not everything is outrageously overpriced, but when in Vegas, c'est la vie! Satisfy that craving!----EDIT: btw, whoever keeps complaining about how overpriced and everything is probably doesn't gamble at bellagio with their $25 table minimum, or cries over having gambled away their $100 fortune.... i'm just saying. yes, i am chinese. yes, the price makes me cringe sometimes. and i realize even i took away a star for it, but i admit i am one of those who cries over that $100 i lost and i steer clear away from those $25 tables. but if you're going to focus so much on it why the heck are you even in vegas? for their really overpriced shows?? sorry, it's late and i just got done reading post after post about how expensive the food is and comparing Noodles to some hole in the wall. go to chinatown if you want and know that's where you'll get chinatown-priced chinese food. how about instead of croaking on about it on a bellagio restaurant, you praise that chinatown locale instead? gaaaahhhhh appreciate, don't hate!
1	Honestly, I expected way more from a restaurant in Bellagio. 1st off, the wait's extremely long. We waited for 1+ hour for overpriced, bellow average Chinese food. So much for the "supposedly" famous chef from China... Wonton Noodle ($15.25) - Sure, the taste is somewhat authentic, but the flavor isn't that good. The noodle & soup broth are just ok, nothing special. The wonton's actually decently good, but given the pretty small portion & expensive price, it's definitely not worth it.BBQ Noodle Soup ($15.25) - I wouldn't get this again... The BBQ isn't good at all, you guys're better off with the wonton.In conclusion, this place isn't worth visiting for. Yeah sure, all food in Vegas're overpriced, but at least some of them taste decently good. I'd rather spend my 15 bucks eating at McDonald than here. Not only it taste pretty bad (I'd give it a 2 stars) & expensive, the portion's also pretty small; We went to get sandwiches right after...
4	I feel like this place is probably the most authentic Chinese restaurant I have been to on the Strip. The chefs are actually Asian and servers also (I saw with my very own eyes)!We ordered the traditional Chinese beef noodle soup and jook with century egg and pork.  They were extremely generous with the meat in both dishes. The beef noodle soup had a gigantic piece of tendon/cartilage (AWESOME!!) along with other pieces of beef. It was obvious that they had been stewing for a long time since the meat was very tender and soft, and fell apart each bite. The soup was what I considered to be quite precise with traditional taste, but definitely milder in spiciness, which makes sense since they also need to appeal to non-Asian customers. The jook was good and tasted close to what I am accustomed to. They were super generous with the century egg (!), though slightly less so with the pork.Prices were a bit high, but that is expected. The service was top-notch and super friendly! The food we had was most definitely better in taste and texture than Noodle Asia in the Venetian. We were very happy to have discovered this place!
2	Can I just start with the fact that I first got in line on Christmas Eve and didn't actually get to sit down till Christmas Day...Craving food so late at night/early in the morning, I passed by Noodles and seeing that the line was so short, decided to wait it out.  Let me just say that the length of the line is deceiving.  Even though there was only 3 parties in front of me, I was in line for almost two hours...I ordered the beef noodle soup and shui mai, and my friend ordered the BBQ pork rice. Because of the high prices I was expecting my food to be beautiful , but was not impressed with the plating at all.The part that sucks the most is that the food was just mediocre.  It tasted just like any beef noodle soup I could get for 5 bucks in chinatown.  It's actually pretty likely that it was below mediocre, because food tastes better when I'm hungry and having skipped lunch and dinner I was starving.  The beef was so tough, perhaps they should of provided me a hammer along with my chopsticks to help me break down the meat.   Another thing I'm going to add is that the water tasted so bad, it seems ridiculous that I'm complaining about the taste of water but my friend agreed that it left a strange unsettling aftertaste.   I was actually kinda pissed off because after looking at my glass I found that it was dirty.The only good thing is that service is good, I definitely won't be coming again though.
4	although this is not a cheap chinese restaurant, but their pork bun and dandan noodle soup are so good. I still miss that now.
3	We had dim sum and calamari. Both were good. Small tucked away in a corner of the casino. Good service.
4	Yes, it is indeed pricey for Asian food. But remember this is the Bellagio and its probably not worth your valuable vacation time booking a roundtrip cab to Chinatown to hope to get a cheaper meal of similar quality.  There was a line before and after we entered - so do try this place if you crave noodles.  Note you get a broad mix of cuisine styles to choose: Hong Kong, Taiwanese, Thai, Malaysian, Japanese, and Singaporean.  Everything except pasta I suppose.Braised beef noodle soup was outstanding - large chunks of soft tender beef.  Noodles were still chewy and the broth well flavored.I had something different with Hainanese Chicken Rice.  It was nicely presented on a palette, with minced garlic/ginger, chili oil, and soy.  It came with a big bowl of rice cooked in chicken broth along with soup.  Chicken cooked well and flavored.Overall we like this place much more than Beijing Noodles 9 (Caesars) and Dragon Noodle Company (Monte Carlo).
4	This place is a bit pricey, but very good. The chef is from Singapore, so be sure to try a Singaporean specialty, like chicken rice. It was so flavorful and perfectly cooked. The wonton noodle soup was also fantastic, with a rich, complex broth, springy, fresh noodles, and succulent wontons. If you're staying at the Bellagio, it's definitely worth going.
3	Pretty good for Asian food on the strip. Normally there is a long line but we went around 3pm and didn't have to wait. As per the name the noodles are better than the non-noodle-y dishes.Got the braised beef noodle (yum) and the spicy Thai seafood noodle (ok). The braised beef noodle had pretty authentic chunks of beef including tendon (!!!) and a lot of flavor. The Thai seafood noodle was pretty fragrant but they might've gone a little overboard on the lemongrass.It actually pretty reasonably priced for the strip - each noodle bowl was under $20.Stay away from the dumplings.
1	Welcome to Noodles, where Asian food is as expensive as a French restaurant, but as disappointing as a microwave dinner! A place that serves Chinese, Thailand, Vietnamese, Singapore, and Malaysian food, and turn them into a mouthful of MSG with a little hint of regret! -Actually that's all you have to know about this place, but if you're curious about my experience here then continue reading:Singapore's national dish is called Hainanese Chicken Rice, and since my girlfriend and her brother grew up there, it has become a craving to have this dish every once in a while (like how we crave for french fries every so often). Anyway we've visited several places that serve this dish all over Vegas and decided to try a more upscale restaurant on the strip instead of the cheap local places we usually go to.Noodles is located inside the Bellagio Casino, and as soon as we got there we saw a long line outside the restaurant, which I take as a good sign since people line up just to eat here.Now this is where everything turns into a disaster. The friendly waitress was showed us to our seats, took our order, even gave us hints on how they serve their dishes. she left and returned later with our appetizers. I ordered some Calamari, Chinese Sesame Balls and Roti Prata.The Calamari was served with a sweet and chili sauce. The breading was nice and crunchy and the calamari was soft. It had a bit of curry taste and it was the only delicious thing we had that night.Roti Prata is a Malaysian dish, it's basically a flaky flat pastry that you dip into a curry sauce, and is actually one of my favorite apps (not here though). The pastry was not flaky, it was tough and chewy. The dip had too much Turmeric and tasted powdery.The Chinese sesame balls tasted like Chinese sesame balls.. Our Waitress then returned with our main dishes; The Hainanese Chicken Rice and a Mandarin Beef Stew Noodle. (note: this is the last time we would see our waitress.)The Hainanese Chicken Rice was served with  chicken stock soup,  chicken flavored rice (which was dry and bland), the boiled chicken (of course) and accompanied by the 3 sauces: the red chilli-garlic sauce, a ginger-garlic sauce, and instead of the thick black sauce they usually serve with it, they serve it with soy sauce....... why not be creative and serve it with oyster sauce? it's thick, it's black, and the flavor makes more sense than soy sauce you lazy chefs! I don't even want to talk about the Mandarin Beef Stew..... The noodles were old, the soup tasted like tap water infused with MSG which made my head hurt the rest of the night and left an itch on my tongue..  The beef was tough... We didn't even bother for dessert..When It was time to pay, all three servers were just talking and laughing at the host table. We felt so ignored... They didn't even fill up any of our drinks to wash the filth we just ate.Our Dinner was $106
2	Ridiculously expensive, small portions, and not that satisfying.  Other than that, it was pretty good.  Convenience to the casino and the Bellagio setting are really the only redeeming qualities.With all the attention to detail and concern about the guest experience that the Bellagio seems to have, not sure why they would let this restaurant continue on the way it is.  They seem to change the flowers in the conservatory every few months ... Don't think they've changed the menu here in the last 10 years.
3	My husband and I eat noodles (not the restaurant but actual noodles) everyday. when we were in LV we Needed a noodles fox!!! since it was super cold. we found the Noodle restaurant $$$ in Bellagio. Looking at the menu and the prices we thought it would be the best but.... It was eh? I made better noodles at home for a cheaper price. My husband had the Pad Thai with beef and sprouts with nuts on the side which cost $18.50 : we had better for $10 with better noodle texture and sauce. We rate the pad Thai a ** two star out of *****fiveAs for me I had the udon thick Japanese noodle with chicken best n chicken broth. Cost $15.25 I make udon at home everyday n I would say the only highlight from my dish was that, the noodles were cooked to perfection. Not the broth or anything else but the noodle. I had to add soy sauce and other condiments like chili n pepper to make it taste better. This would be a great dish for some one who's on a diet who's trying to cut out salt n flavor out of their body system. I would rate this dish **2 stars out of *****5.The good news is we got our noodle fix even though we could have done better AND we gained more Tier credits for M Life club card. When you spend $34 more in the Bellagio Noodles restaurant you can gain Credits. If your a M Life member.Over all we were some what satisfied. Like 60%
4	Yep, it's the second time in a quarter we chose this place for lunch.  We brought five more guests.  I ordered Laksa curry noodles while everyone else had the Mandarin beef noodles.Laksa was great - it did not have the red and white hell broth feel of the Singaporean version, but still had plenty of heat in the spicy coconut broth.  It was served with chicken, tofu, and bean sprouts.  Noodles were round rice noodles that had good texture.All the other guests loved the hearty red noodles.  They don't skimp on the meat here and it's braised to be fork tender.Four stars for consistency and great service!
1	Overpriced. Horrible servers. OK food.
3	3.5 stars. Order the Vegetable Tempera, Steamed Dumping, Edamame and a Coors Light. Everything was very good but overpriced. Service was good too.
4	I really like Noodles. I have always gotten good service, very polite and efficient. I have waited outside in line for almost an hour. They get very busy at peak dinner hours. The food is quite delicious and pretty authentic. I've had their beef noodle soup, which is excellent. Tender beef slices and soft noodles in a tasty beef broth with plenty of bok choy veggies. I also like their dan dan noodles, not too spicy (a shame) but well seasoned and flavorful. I love their chinese broccoli cooked garlic style. A true testament to the Cantonese dish's origins. Very very well done. Probably the best I've ever had anywhere. I also love that they have warm soy milk. Mmmm. A tad expensive, but what in Vegas isn't?
3	I've ordered the sweet and spicy noodles with chicken. This dish was pretty decent, the noodles were good it's blended with a sweet sauce, i'm not too sure about the spicy part? maybe it wasn't spicy enough for me but hey I've wiped out my plate. Along with my order we got a bottle of Sapporo beer which was ok it was kinda on the bitter side and it didn't accommodate it with my noodles thats for sure.We got friendly service here and we didn't have to wait for our seats, well duh it was like 11:47pm that night. You will see jars and jars of uncooked noodles on display. Hmmmm....I wonder if they use those to create their own noodles?
3	Best Hangover Remedy Ever. The wait isnt too bad in the morning, only took about 5-10 minutes to be seated. They have pho, which is a big expensive when you compare it pho place back at home, but i guess it isnt too bad for Vegas. The Beef noodle soup with egg noodle was fulfilling  - they are not stingy with their noodles and meat. I will say though, the service wasn't all that great. It good forever to get a glass of water ad to pay our bill. We asked for our check and they gave it like 20 minutes later. It's worth trying, especially if you're craving pho.
3	Perfectly fine dim sum.  I arrived at the end of the dim sum service, but everything I ate was fine.  Unfortunately there are limited lunch options at the Bellagio at 2:30, so I decided to try Noodles.  Will try it again for the regular menu.
2	Located within the Bellagio, this is one of those places where you get rip off, but you kinda have expect that dining in the Strip.  The interior was probably the best thing I can recall here.  Service fitted the Asian restaurant stereotype with a shrugging attitude.Everything will pretty much cost you at least twice as much compared to off-strip places.  We got the Dan Dan Noodles, Barbeque Pork, Oriental Fried Rice, and some Wonton Noodle.  Bland was probably my only description for the food.  Seasoning in soup broth, meat, and rice were definitely lacking.  The presentation was not anything unique for food charged at this price, and it looked about the same like any Chinese restaurants in Vegas.Spent twice as much on food that tastes half as good...  Service was mediocre and the food was not packaged in any high class way to fulfill that luxury feeling.  I will have to be insane to dine at the Noodles again.
1	This restaurant was a quick choice before leaving Vegas, but not worth the stop. The service was below expectations. The  waitress didn't welcome us, or make us feel comfortable at all while we were there.  The food came out either cold or barley warm. The food was also very bland, and had no flavor at all. the price point is probably the only thing i can say was okay, because the portion size was good size This was very upsetting because my friends and I all do like Chinese food but this was the worst experience with Chinese food I have had. My recommendation would be skip this place and hit up Panda Express, just as good of service but better food.
2	The food is expensive, and the service was mediocre.  It's like going to a mediocre noodle shop in Chinatown, but with (a much) heftier check because of the decor and location.
4	Whenever I come to Vegas I hit this place up. They have a good little selection of dim sum. The kicker here is the crab fried rice. YUM. Unfortunately i didn't order this that night. My friends went back the next night and brought me leftovers. Needless to say next time...crab fried rice!!
5	Best tasting noodles we have ever had. Love this place so much we eat there a second night! Service is very good. Best Asian restaurant in Las Vegas.
1	Your service is terrible. If you're going to tell me your food will be ready in 15 min then I expect 15 min. Why should I ask you after 25 min where my food is? And when I do it takes another 20 min before you bring me my food. I know the Pad Thai isn't that difficult to make.. you know what's more annoying.. When I opened my food. it looked more like pad see ew than pad thai. I hate you Noodles for keeping me hungry and getting my order wrong. I was very upset with this place. I had to pay that much and get treated like a nobody. Noodles will not get any more business from me..
2	This is a 2.5 star review, but I can't go higher.  It's not that the food was bad, it was fine.  In fact, we got the shrimp tempura as an appetizer, and it's probably the best version of tempura I've had.  Very close to the best if not actually the best.  Textbook, crispy but not greasy.  Impressive.However, the rest of the meal was only average, but the prices are for above average cuisine.  The pork was similar to what we get from our local Chinese delivery, and for a lot more money.  The black bean shrimp was solid, but the other dishes left something to be desired.  If the prices were about 30% less, it would get 3 stars.  But, even with the location at Bellagio, I expected more.Service was fantastic, water glasses never empty.  Very polite.
4	Good food, good service, and reasonably priced compared to the other Belagio restaurants. I had the fried rice with barbecue pork, and it was very good. Also had the tempura shrimp which I liked as well. We easily got in without a reservation on a Thursday night. I would go back.
4	I would definitely recommend a trip to Noodles if you are looking for a semi-affordable meal on the strip. One thing to keep in mind: the wait can be a little long so plan accordingly. There is a bar near the entrance so we bided our time by enjoying a drink. Now, to the food. We started with the tempura vegetables which were cooked perfectly. The veggies, a mix of eggplant, zucchini, broccoli and sweet potato, had a nice bite and the tempura batter was light and crisp; whoever was working the deep-fat fryer knew what she was doing. The dipping sauce was not too sweet and with a bit of chili paste was the perfect compliment to the deep fried veggies. For our entree we split two dishes: chicken Penang fried kway teow which is comprised of flat rice noodles, sprouts and chili - this was the star of the show, although in retrospect we should have gotten it with pork instead - and the Xo crab meat vermicelli which was tasty but a little flat (chili paste and soy rescued it but if it takes that much seasoning what's the point?).
3	I was really excited when I checked into the Bellagio and saw this Noodle shop.  I unpacked and headed straight down to the casino to get my noodle on.  I knew ordering an app and an entree would be too much food but what is Vegas all about...excess, baby!I ordered the agedashi to start.  I am not impressed.  The presentation was something I've never seen and didn't really care for.  The tofu was cut in to little squares and deep fried.  So there was a LARGE plate of tofu and the agedashi sauce was served on the side.  No diakon, green onion or much flavor for that matter.  I had to add soy to the sauce to bump up the flavor.  I also ordered the Penang noodles.  Also not a lot of flavor.  The flat noodles were a wonderful texture though.  Thinner than the fresh flat noodles I'm accustomed to.  I ordered them with beef I I will admit that the beef was delicious!The service was not the best.  I was never asking how my meal was, my iced tea was never refilled and I waited at least 15 minutes after I was finished for my check to arrive.  I finally had to flag my server down and ask for it.Not the worst but I doubt I'll be back,
3	They should the  rename the place "dough" cause that's what they make. And believe me the make a lot of it. The wontons were great and we had the satay chicken too, they were great . For the price,they should give you a bigger portion. The wait was bad on a Thursday was bad imagine it on the weekend or on a holiday. Seating was too close too close to others if you only have two people.  There's a little bit of everything. Chinese, Vietnamese, Korean, talk about fusion. For the price it was ok..
5	Awesome dim sum. The dim sum comes all around on the carts. You ask what you want and they give it to you. Very fresh and clean. Kind service always. I never had a mistaken order here. Best dim sum in the world. Always new things to try, freaky stuff that is. Dim sum is only on weekends and occasions I believe.
5	Noodles is one of my favorite Chinese restaurants on the Vegas Strip. It's definitely more affordable than the other super expensive Chinese restaurants on the Vegas Strip. It's located in Bellagio and might be hard to find at first. Just follow the signs as soon as you enter the hotel lobby. I ordered Roast Duck with Rice. The dish comes with a serving of duck marinated in plum sauce, a bowl of white rice, and a side of Chinese brocolli. You can request the duck to be boned or boneless. I ordered it to be boneless, and it tasted great. I ordered the Bok Choy sauteed with garlic, and it was one of the best bok choy dishes I ever had. I also ordered their pot stickers, and I loved them. I personally prefer to dip them in soy sauce. I also order a century egg on the side. This restaurant is a great choice if you're in the mood for Chinese food.
3	I've been here 2-3 times. All dim sum dishes were pretty decent. The pho was no good. The oxtail soup was no good. The meat wasn't tender and the broth was bland. The noodle soup seemed to be a bit bland as well. So it's safe to say, if I ever come back here, I'm getting dim sum. :) Cute decor and no wait.
1	So I trusted my fellow Yelpers' reviews and thought this place would be good... especially since they had "Korean" dishes here (only Kimchee... wtf?!). So my friends and I decided to eat here, because what's better than pho or hot noodles after a weekend of anti-soberness? We got their (only) seafood pho and pork chow mein.Seafood Pho: $18.50 for a tiny (small) bowl of noodles. I actually really liked the broth BECAUSE it wasn't salty... you can tell they don't really put MSG or salt in it cuz it was bland. Therefore, probably healthier. however, it's practically $20! you can't give me another cup of noodles?! I got three decent sized shrimps and lots of fishcakes (in Korean- o-dang). They charge extra for lime and bean sprouts... wtf?! Save your money and get pho from anywhere OTHER than here.Chow Mein: the noodles were REALLY good... tender and the pork, just right. i highly recommend it, though it was also almost $20. Overall, the food wasn't all that bad, just overpriced by 200%.My REAL review is for their service. Why are there 10 people working, but no one to check up on us? What is WRONG with your service? The people here clearly don't want to work because when we ask for something, they either smirk and roll their eyes, or they say yes and 20 mins. later and asking ANOTHER person, will you receive your items. My friends and I wanted to spend at most 30-45 mins ordering, eating, and all that. Nope... spent almost 2 hours! luckily, us girls can keep ourselves entertained.I HIGHLY do NOT recommend this place. Save your money and just go to Panda Express.
5	Dim sum is killer here !
5	I liked this place so much I visited this place twice during my visit.  Had the Dan Dan Noodles (~$15), Choy Sum in garlic sauce (~$9), Noodle soup with Char Siu (~$15), Won Ton soup (~$15), Har gow (~$9) and Jasmine tea (~$5). Yes, it's more than the Bay Area, but it's in the Bellagio in Vegas.   At least I didn't feel I over paid for crappy food.  The Won Ton wasn't mystery meat.  It was shrimp.  I was pleasantly surprised how thin the skin on the Har Gow was.  Actually it was thinner than some places in the Bay Area.
3	I knew when I saw the long line of people waiting to be seated at midnight that I wanted to try this place and that it was likely good.  Indeed it was.Dim sum was the way to go.  I was able to try a variety of small dishes.  Loved the steamed dumplings and the almond crusted shrimp.  My husband had a nice seafood stew. Great Sunday lunch.Sitting at the bar upfront was also fine, didn't mind it at all.  Cool decor inside as well.
4	Very expensive but worth it in my opinion. Seafood noodles is the best I've eaten. Service is so-so. I come here for high quality food not exceptional service.
2	Ordered the padthai and it was meh.  It's pretty bland and boring compared to most Thai food place.Also, the fountain soda was stale and doesn't have free refill.  Not recommended.
4	After arriving in Vegas and starved from our long flight, we wanted a quick but filling lunch on the strip.  Noodles seemed like a perfect choice and we were happy with our dishes.  Shared the noodle soup (pho style with brisket) .  It was a huge portion and very filling and flavorful.  We also had the pad thai which was pretty standard but still delicious.  Service was overall okay .  It was  bit pricey for lunch, but since we were on vacation and in the Bellagio, we indulged.  Would recommend if craving a noodle bar or Asian fusion.
5	Went to the Bellagio for the fountain show and decided to find somewhere to eat. We came across Noodles and decided to give it a try, Yelp unseen.There was a line in front of the restaurant and about 6 parties in front of us, but we decided to wait since no one was particularly hungry. The wait ended up being about 25 minutes. Some were seated sooner but we had a party of five so it took a little longer.The restaurant has a variety of rice and noodle dishes from different countries, from your Chinese meat over rice (roast duck, char siu, soy sauce chicken) to varieties of fried rice, to udon, pad thai, chow fun, and chow mein.We decided to eat family style and ordered chow fun (rice noodles with soy sauce, bean sprouts, and BBQ pork), BBQ pork fried rice, chicken pad thai, double happiness (roast duck and soy sauce chicken), and steamed book choi with oyster sauce.At first I thought we may have ordered too much, but the food was so delicious that we ate everything. That is not to say the portions were too small, just that the food was really good. The duck was crispy and lean. The pad thai was made with flat rice noodles which gave it an interesting twist. The chow fun had big pieces of pork in it. All and all, the family gave it a hearty thumbs up.Our only regret is that we were there at night and it was too late to try the dim sum.
3	I feel bad giving this only 3 stars. Usually everything in Vegas is either 4 or 5 stars, and this was at the Bellagio!, but this place was eh. Good noodles but nothing special. I've had better noodles and Asian food elsewhere for much much cheaper. Definitely do not recommend. I feel like anyone who gives this place 5 stars has not tried REAL good noodles. Sorry...
3	Not really sure how to feel about it.I ordered the Pad Thai.  It was around $18. I've had pad thai many times from different restaurants, so I definitely know what it's supposed to taste like. The one here tasted like another thai dish: pad see ew. I don't know if I should consider that a good thing because I generally like pad see ew better, or a bad thing, because they basically didn't get the pad thai right. The noodles also had many hard as rock parts.
2	Had high hopes being that the restaurant was inside the Bellagio. The pad thai was lacking flavor and the wontons were chewy. However, the spicy shrimp noodle soup was tasty.
1	I will not ever recommend this place to any friends.  Maybe a few enemies.I'm not sure how anyone can rate this place higher than 3 stars.I don't care if the place is in the Bellagio, the quality of the food and service are not at the level of the prices.None of the food we had was any where near exceptional. Pho for $17 is triple of what you should pay.  There wasn't anything fantastic about it, the same bowl that I could get in a neighborhood Pho shop.  Plus we had to ask for sriracha and hoisin sauce.The Singapore noodle dish really lacked curry flavor.  In the neighborhood restaurant I visit at home is packed with flavor and is $8 less.  Oh, I forgot I'm in the Bellagio.Service was fair, but after our food arrived, there was almost no attention given.Here's where the meal went really wrong.One of the wait staff began clearing our table.  In her desire to get as many dishes off of our table as possible, she had way too many dishes in her hands.  She dropped one of the dishes on the floor and broke, with one of the pieces hitting me in the leg.  At first I thought, oh it hit me on the leg, no problem.  A few minutes later I felt liquid running down my leg, so I looked down and saw blood.I used my napkin to wipe it off and then called the waitress that dropped the plate.  She looked at it and was going to wipe it with a towel that she was using to wipe the tables with.  I pulled my foot back and asked that she bring me a clean cloth and bandages.She said she would tell the manager.  We waited for about 5 minutes and no manager came.We found the manager ourselves and let her know what happened.  She said no one told her about the incident.  She had security come talk to us to make sure I didn't need paramedics. I told him I wanted to report this as an incident to make sure management had a record of it.  I never asked for anything other than to have an incident report made.He told me that he would talk to the manager and have her adjust our bill.What is really odd is most restaurants, when a customer is injured by the staff with blood, they will comp the entire bill.  She only took off half the amount and wasn't really apologetic.  Her attitude was more like I was an inconveniencing her and I should have moved my leg to avoid the dropping dish.In summary, this place is way over price for mediocre food.  You can't blame the wait staff for poor service since they perform at the highest level of their manager.  And her low quality of service sets the bar really low for her team.Oh yeah for the reviewers that said it had a great Asian ambiance, the decor reminded me of a casino cafe.  The only thing that made it seem like an Asian restaurant is the art work on the walls and the menu.Stay away from this place!This shows that they really have no care for the customer.
5	Here is how to eat cheaply on the Vegas Strip. Well, relatively cheaply. Eating at McD would be the truly cheap option, but I thought we were on vacation, were we not? The answer to eating relatively cheaply on the Vegas Strip is... wait for it (don't worry, I won't switch to commercial break on you. Please, I am not Gordon Ramsay)... Noodles at Bellagio.Noodles is an Cantonese restaurant located right off the Bellagio casino floor. Super duper convenient, if I do say so myself. Noodles specializes in Cantonese cuisine. Decor wise, Noodles was simple and humble, nothing extravagant in comparison to the other Bellagio restaurants. We liked Noodles so much, we ate here twice during our short trip to Vegas. The first time was on a Sunday, where they went the traditional route and had Dim Sum cart service. This is when the restaurant makes a bunch of small plates, stack them on a cart and have a waiter/waitress push the cart around the restaurant floor, where patrons can flag down the cart and order a small plate directly from the cart. Even though this is the traditional way, I have never been a fan. You can only choose what's on the cart and it's often served luke warm. Okay, I'll stop my complaining now. Moving on, we had the pan fried shrimp & chive dumplings and fried radish cake. Both were luke warm (of course they were! this method is flawed). The pan fried shrimp & chive dumplings had great flavours, despite being slightly oily. The radish cake was not the best I have had.We also shared the Wonton Noodle and the Roasted Duck Rice. What I loved about the Wonton Noodle is that the wonton fillings were all shrimp, giving each wonton a great springy bite and also making this a light dish. The Roasted Duck Rice was awesome. When I ordered it, the waitress asked me "with bone or boneless?" You can get boneless roasted duck on rice? This is brand new information to me. I was impressed. Cantonese style BBQ duck served on rice is a pretty common dish and being a BBQ-duck-lover, I have had it many times from various restaurants. I have never been offered the option of going boneless before. I can finally, for the first time in my life, eat roasted duck on rice like a proper lady with no need to wrestle the meat off the bone with my teeth and channelling my inner animal self while gnawing on the bone. I do paint a vivid image, don't I? ;) The duck was delicious, nice and fatty, just how I like it. I ordered it again on our second visit.I highly recommend this restaurant, especially if you are spending your day gambling at the Bellagio casino floor. ;) I recommend saving this restaurant for a weekday lunch, because I think Noodles and The Buffet are the only restaurants open for lunch service at the Bellagio on a weekday.Please visit my blog, where I documented my recent trip to Las Vegas. I have food photos! Thank you for your time. :)http://simplygluttonous.blogspot.ca/search/label/Las%20Vegas
4	Have eaten here a bunch of times, used to play poker at Bellagio a few times a week.  Not really sure why people are complaining about price, they are pretty standard for the strip.  If you want to pay $7 for a meal go to panda.  For two your probably in for about $75.  Noodles are solid, and I usually get some pork.  Service is attentive.  I would say on the same level as Beijing Noodle #9 at Caesars.
5	Best Dim Sum in las vegas albeit pricier than usual but it's cause there is quality here. Make sure you ask to get the really hot or fresh ones. When I'm eating dim sum nothing irks me more   than when I eat lukewarm dishes.  They also have the best hai nan chicken rice in vegas too! consistently on point. it's a must order for me. Overall its quality food and Noodles is finally giving chinese cuisine the right kind of representation here in las vegas.
4	I was I  Vegas for a nursing conference September 18, 2013.  We were on the strip, so my friends decided they wanted to eat at the Bellagio.  After walking around the hotel we settle on eating at The Noddle.  I must admit the food was a lot better than I expected.  I ordered the shrimp pad thai.  The dish was very ,very good; much better than I expected for a strip Asian restaurant.  My friends ordered a couple of different soup/noodle dishes.  They were also goo, but the beef was slightly over-cooked.  I would highly recommend this restaurant.  This was a great place to eat after all the exploring and people watching on the strip!
5	Yummy Yummy Yummy! Hidden Gem! Love their soups..........spicy seafood! Garlic Buck choy!!!!!!!!!! Got to try.................Everything is great at this place. Only once ran into crappy service but only once, have been there at least 10 times.
4	One of my favorite places in Bellagio.  Although Chinese food isn't my favorite, this place seriously is one of my favorite restaurants.  I LOVE THIS PLACE. Only negative is that the staff isn't always the friendliest, and my water take a little bit to get refilled, but other than that....amazing!
5	One of my favorite places to grab some good food at Bellagio!!  Crab meat Vermicelli is excellent!!
3	Food is ok, but service is so so. The waitress is very impatient, as soon as we sit down the waitress wants to take our order. When we hesitate a bit, she gave us a look.The food (dim sum) quality is ok, but selection is not that much. Three stars only.
5	I was mainly happy with the food and flavors. It was fresh and the food was full of flavor without much salt. The chicken noodle soup tasted so fresh and if you aren't used to fresh bland flavor, then you will just think it is bland. I loved it though becuase I can taste the ingredients and veggies instead of seasonings. The chow mein, fried rice, and sweet and soup chicken were great and some of the best asian food choices I've had. It was flavorful and didn't taste "fake". The people are friendly and smile when they serve. I loved it!
2	Came here this past Veterans Day weekend.  The woman needed her Asian food fix.  I don't know why she likes coming here especially when she is used to having good Asian cuisine.  Had the duck, a noodle dish, and a waiter recommended crab noodle dish.  Just okay for all of it and I've definitely had better.
5	Come here every time I'm in Vegas! If you want to get tipsy, order The Zombie. Be warned not for one person!!! Sometimes there is a line but it is worth the wait. Service is outstanding. I think of this place from time to time and my mouth just starts watering! Love it!
4	I was really craving some Asian noodles, so after seeing the Blue Man Group we headed over to give this place a try. We waited about 25 minutes, which isn't too bad. Our server was very friendly and helpful. The atmosphere was decorated to fit the theme and was very inviting.I ordered the wonton soup with thin rice noodles, and the boyfriend ordered the chicken soup with flat rice noodles. The prices were pretty decent, about $15 per person for what we ordered. Our dishes came quite quickly but to our disappointment they tasted pretty bland. We let our server know and she brought over some soy sauce, chili sauce, and some salt and white pepper. After adding in the seasonings the soups were delicious! My boyfriend's chicken was moist and tender, and the shrimp wantons in my soup were wonderful!We would definitely come back here next time we're in Vegas!
3	When you're in Vegas and craving some Asian noodles, what better place to come to a place in the Bellagio called NOODLES? Well, first let me tell you that this definitely satisfied my craving for noodles. I just wanted some "ho-phun" (thick white rice noodles) noodles and they had exactly that! EXCEPT that it was about 15 dollars for a small little bowl of noodles which definitely is a HUGE rip off.. but hey its Vegas and we had a huge craving for some asian noodles!Decor is nice and looks more high end than most noodle places. Service is a bit snooty (maybe because we all had our Fat Tuesdays on the table??). But anyways if you are craving noodles, they will satisfy your craving....but you'll be hungry 2 hours later..
1	My husband and I were feeling hungry after seeing the "O" show at Bellagio; we wanted something with hot soup and this was the only place that was opened.We ordered one wonton noodle soup, one beef soup and a side order roasted duck; the noodle soup and beef soup were ok, just soup base was quite salty but acceptable. The roasted duck was way too salty (covered in dated soy sauce), that we couldn't even finish one piece; not to mention it was $18 for 1/4 of the duck.I wanted to return it but the husband said forget it, since the servers were too busy trying to get out of there - bad service. Will not recommend this place to anyone and we'll never come back again.
2	Terrible terrible service!   Food was ok.    Seafood soba was good, char kway teow forgettable and chicken rice was disappointing.
3	We were looking for a moderately priced place that had vegetables, so I literally yelped "vegetables" and found this place.  We went at around 7:30 pm and only had to wait 10 minutes or so for a table on a Friday, which was nice.Now in Vegas, I 1) wasn't planning on eating any spectacular Chinese food having grown up in San Gabriel Valley, 2) knew I was going to pay up the wazoo for anything.  I came prepared to shell out a bunch of money but it's probably the least amount I've ever spent on dinner in Vegas.  Their portions are pretty big, and I would definitely suggest sharing with the table.  It's always hard to get Chinese food and try and have each person order something since it's meant for sharing.  We started off with the roti prata, which came with this delicious curry sauce that we just started using on the rest of the meal.  We also ordered their Hong Kong style egg noodle, fried rice, Chinese broccoli, and the mixed vegetables.  They were all good, although the oyster sauce for the Chinese broccoli was waaay salty (which is why I'm happy we got it on the side).  Overall, the food kept us full for the most part, and although pricier than most Chinese places, doesn't break the bank.  Not 100% sure I would come back since there are so many different restaurants in Vegas, but not a bad option if you're in the area.
3	Enjoyed the food but don't ask then to make your meal any variation off their menu.  THE ANSWER WILL BE NO
1	It's a very clean minimalist set up with all the noodle types in jars lined up along the wall. Our server used these to point out exactly what style of noodle my dish would have, which was cute. That's where the positives end for me. The dim sum cart ladies are obnoxious. One was more obnoxious than the other. Walking up and down the length of the restaurant wailing "DIM SUM!" through their noses. We tried to order some dim sum, only to have a long order sheet tossed in our laps as she walked away. Then she sneezed. Big, loud, wet, NOT covering her mouth. OMG so gross. Pot stickers were delicious. I got the Hong Kong Egg Noodle. Meh. Sauce tasted ok but was a nasty snot consistency. I got BBQ pork, suspect it was microwaved. The hubster got Chicken Fried Rice. What appeared before him was more like Uncle Ben's Instant Rice, with microwaved veggie pieces thrown in. Gross. Bland. Boring. Fun fact. The husband spent the night on the toilet. I think my stomach has waited until morning to get upset about this particular meal. Never again. Screw you Noodles.
3	Unless you are in serious craving for Asian noodles and dont have anywhere else to go, I suggest to steer away from this one. The menu is all typical Asian food without anything special except the price is double or triple of a Chinatown in New York or San Fransisco but without an excellent taste of a great restaurant.
4	Dinner visit. A bit of a wait to get in, but worth the wait.  Reasonably priced (for the venue) and good food for the money.  The fried calamari appetizer was unremarkable. I had a hard time finishing my main course, which was laden with tender chicken, great noodles and a very savory broth, very filling. Good selection of sake.  Service was attentive without making you feel rushed.
2	I had an annoying experience from the start at this place. I must say, if I didn't have 2 beers to wait in like to eat here, I would of pulled someone's hair off. My boyfriend and I were very tempted to grab a cab away from the strip and find a better restaurant. I was very disappointed at the fact that I am a NOIR member at the Aria and they gave me troubles when showing them my card. If you are not aware, NOIR membership you receive when you gamble a lot in Vegas and gets you VIP lines, etc.I had lost my NOIR card so the one I was holding had an expiration date but is still working. What bothered me was that the the lady in the front didn't bother to call to make sure my membership was good in order to seat me. I got very annoyed but, what can you do? I said "oh well, im starving." I stood there for about 45+ minutes to be seated. We were finally seated and thought the food was "good enough for vegas."Long story short. I wont be back here.
5	I live in Las Vegas, but if I were to stay here and was marooned on the Strip, I would eat at Noodles. It is slightly more expensive than what you can find up the street in Chinatown, however the food is exceptional. I've had at least 20 meals there and have had the same quality each time. Very few restaurants can manage that consistency. I highly recommend the pad thai (they make it with wide rice noodles) and green tea ice cream for desert. They have the best green tea ice cream on the strip and throughout chinatown. From what I understand it is homemade, not just something out of a container.
4	price aside, the food is pretty good. but I've never paid more than $10 for a bowl of noodle soup in any Chinese restaurant, and I paid $18.5 for the tum yum noodle soup. it was good though. we also had stir fried veggie (Chinese waters spinach) and a couple of dim sum. the food isn't as greasy as typical Chinese restaurant, which I appreciate it. everything is more expensive on the strip, so I'm ok with it. just enjoy the food and don't think about the price.
5	There's a reason for the line out the door...Noodles is a little difficult to locate on the Bellagio Casino floor -- but well worth the effort. We arrived before 6 PM and already the line was spilling into the casino. Although noodles are the featured item, entrees of chicken, pork and beef are included on the menu. Wingz are a standout appetizer -- cutsey name aside, bone-in wings are encased in a really cripsy, spicy crust. Shrimp temupura were large and the flavor was exactly what you'd expect. XO noodles with lump crabmeat is a rich dish of noodles and large chunks of fresh crab. Service is prompt and friendly and you won't be rushed. A must if you are in the bellagio and craving some Asian cuisine
3	If you're in the mood for over priced Asian-fusion food in Vegas, this is the place! Four plates for four people was about 90$ No free refills on your soda and the service was alright. I honestly was just thankful that it was open late. ...Meh...
3	I fit the stereotype of an Asian.  I like my noodles, especially in a big Asian bowl.  This place, inside the luxurious Bellagio, doesn't specialize in one region but many Asian countries are represented here.  It makes the decision hard to pick just one.  I opted for the Udon noodle soup since it's something you don't see too much since Ramen seems to be the more popular soup in Japan.  Soup was good, not great and I enjoyed it.  Because of other Asian noodle shops in Vegas, I probably have my list that I must go to every time I'm in Vegas.  This is not one of those.  On the other hand, if I were walking by and I was hungry or someone wanted to go in, you won't have to twist my arm.
3	Almost every Vegas casino has the 24 hour cafe.  You know that restaurant that stays open all night, after the real restaurants have closed, to feed the late night crowd.  It usually has a little of everything, but nothing that stands out.  Food for sustenance, not for pleasure. Noodles is the Asian version of that cafe, only it closes at 3am.  A variety of random Asian dishes, some better than others, but nothing that stands out or that you'd want to go back for.  I had the double happiness with BBQ pork and roast duck.  It's a dish with all meat, so I ordered a small bowl of rice on the side.  If you get the fried rice with duck, it's 90% rice, 10% duck.  The dish was $22.50 and while overpriced, still the best plate on the table.  Both meats were tender and flavorful.  You could easily order this dish and share among 2 people.  Well worth it.  My hb got the laksa curry noodle.  It was a decent sized bowl, was steaming hot, but a bit on the fishy side for me.  More fishy, less curry.  Not my favorite.  Our friend got the braised beef brisket rice.  He said it was good, but not great.  It was more of a meal for one as opposed to a dish to share, so plan accordingly.  We also tried the tempura shrimp and at $12.75 came with 4 pieces.  They were decent sized, and done well, but easily something you could get anywhere else.  Service was just ok.  It seemed there were many servers, but a lot of waiting around.  We weren't in a hurry, so we weren't bothered by it, but I did see a server straight up eating behind the counter, then with food still in her mouth and chewing, she picked up a few dishes and served them.  Kinda weird.  Decent food, Vegas and Bellagio mark ups, ok service.  Average all around.
3	Had the Chinese broccoli and Kung Pao Shrimp.  Food was mediocre at best, seating was crammed, service was rushed and it was pricey. Experience was not worth the time and money.
4	Noodles is open late [2am?], so we came here after a show on a Saturday night. We stood in line for a while--there didn't seem to be a host/hostess seating people but it said to wait, so we waited. The decor was very brown/tan and bland. It needed some little pop of color like a red or bright green here or there. The wall of noodles was nicely done. Strangely, Noodles was pretty brightly lit for the time of night and the sort of small, intimate feel the place almost had. My group was comprised of three couples. Couple one ordered some white chicken and broccoli noodle dish that they really liked. Boyfriend and I/the 2nd couple got potstickers, miso, and pad Thai off the Pre-Fixe menu. All tasty! I loved the miso flavor--the saltiness was perfect. The postickers were okay, I'm not sure if they were sausage or what but the meat was kinda pink. Pad Thai was great--they used wide noodles in this dish, so that was a change but one I liked.The table was kind of cool looking at first--it had a low tube backing. Downside to it was that all three of us on one side slammed our knees into the table leg getting out! I've got a big ol' bruise from that now.
3	Went here looking for Dim Sum after being sorely disappointed by a previous off-the-strip choice in a stand alone building ( I won't say any names here). This was a pleasant surprise as the food that I had was good to average. For Dim Sum, I had the baked and steamed pork buns, crystal steamed shrimp dumplings, and the crab and spinach dumplings. They were all "good". My main entree was the steamed Chilean Sea Bass served with steamed rice. Unfortunately, at $35 it was only "average". By no means bad, but I've had better at Mitchell's Fish Market Restaurant chain. Overall, all of the dishes needed more seasoning because they tasted somewhat bland for my palate. I also had two tall glasses of their Thai iced tea. I'd highly recommend it. Service was very fast, professional, and tip worthy. There were a lot of Asians eating there which to me is a very good sign. There was a line snaking outside from the hostess desk out to the casino proper. So, plan ahead, especially if you have a group of four or more.
3	My review won't be based on the service rather the food. The price point for the food is a bit high as well, but what do you expect to pay in Vegas? I recently stayed at the Bellagio and came here everyday. The first two nights, I ordered the Mandarin beef noodle soup. This is a beef stew noodle soup and I have to say that I thoroughly enjoyed it. It's also good hangover food. They give plenty of beef (they better for the price) and the broth (stew) was refreshing. Before leaving I had the dim sum and was not impressed. They didn't have my favorite dim sum dish and the items were limited. I would not come here to get the dim sum. We left with a large bill and feeling hungry. If I just went for the beef stew noodle soup, I would give Noodles four stars. Try the soup, if you're at the Bellagio. It's $20, but worth a try if you want Asian food.
3	Their noodle dishes are nothing amazing, but if you've been eating buffets and American food all weekend in Vegas, and you need a quick Asian noodle fix, this is it (I know some of you Asians know what "fix" I'm talking about.) And this place is better than that other place at the Wynn, Red 8. Personally, I'm Korean so I don't have craving for noodle soup like my Chinese husband. Rather, I have cravings for rice and kimchee.Yo!Their KIMCHEE IS LEGIT.  Amazing. So good.That's all. :)
3	Curry Laksa Rice Noodles. Not bad, the curry broth was sweet and coconutty. If this was any place other than Vegas I would've thrown a fit over $17 a bowl (for noodles!), but this was Vegas so.....
3	This is a casual, relaxing spot where you can enjoy some Chinese comfort food. The menu has a good range of options, and the noodles are tasty and satisfying. The food is admittedly overpriced, especially for a style of cuisine that costs very little to make, but I don't necessarily fault the restaurant for that. You should always expect higher prices when dining on the strip. The bigger problem is that the line to be seated can get pretty long, and they don't take reservations. Sometimes you do get lucky, though. When I went yesterday, I only waited for about 5 minutes.I would say that this restaurant is comparable to Beijing Noodle No. 9 at Caesar's. Of the two, Beijing seems to have better food, but I would say that Noodles has the more relaxing atmosphere. Either restaurant would be a fine choice, but overall, I think I like Beijing Noodle No. 9 a little bit better.
2	The hot green tea was tasty and the service was friendly.  The food was questionable.  The black bean sauce was good, but the PENANG FRIED KWAY TEOW looked and tasted like something a 5 year old kid could have made by tossing the ingredients together in a wok.  The only thing that provided flavor was the chili sauce and I could have added that myself.
4	My favorite casual comfort spot whenever hubby and I are in town. Prices are a little steep for Asian food, but the food is always good, so it's a fine trade off.You must order their Hainanese Chicken Rice. It's the best I've ever had!! I was beyond stuffed, but kept stuffing my face because it was so damn good. My hubby's favorite is the Mandarin Beef Noodle. The flavors are on point and is super delicious. Their Wing Zing chicken wings are so yummy. Their congee is great too. I wouldn't recommend their fried calamari though, it's a sorry miss.Only 4 stars because services can be a bit slow and inattentive and isn't always consistent. It's unfortunate, but won't stop me from coming here. Their Hainanese Chicken Rice omg.....
4	Short wait for a table for two on a busy Thursday night. Friendly service.The Singapore noodles and chicken Kung po were both very good and plenty of food for two people to share without an appetiser. Reasonable prices. Would be happy to visit again.
5	Great casual dining.I was happy they were open late.  Ordered the Hong Kong Noodles and my husband had Pad Thai noodles and they were also delicious. Staff was great!!  I THINK our server tried to talk me out of the Hong Kong noodles. He said he likes it but some people don't like the gravy with the noodles. Ordered it anyway lol I enjoyed it but I can see how it would be weird for someone else.
5	It was our first time visiting.  It was a great experience.  The service was excellent and the food was delicious.  I would certainly go again.
3	One of my parent's faves in Vegas.  I thought the food was good but portions a little too small considering the hefty price tag.  We ordered the BBQ trio ... the duck and roast pork were good, but I don't think I would order the chicken next time.  Singapore noodles and Chinese broccoli were tasty dishes.  Decor is simple and elegant.  Service was outstanding.
5	Delicious. Got the special of spring rolls, miso soup, and shrimp pad thai. Others at table got beef sweet and spicy noodles and chicken pad thai. Mango pudding for dessert. Fast, good service. Expensive but that is expected in casino. Nice but not super fancy.
5	Noodles is a small 30-35 seat restaurant next to the Baccarrat Bar in the casino.  Only because of the size it has limitations.  The food is aweaomely incresible.  Fushion of chinese and korean.We had crab fried rice - nicely flavored and not overpowering as to go with any dish you have.  Sweet and sour chicken - great flavor but neither too aour nor too sweet...it was very tender too.  Beef broccoli was out of this world...the depth of beef flavor in the sauce with sweetness and these was either cognac or aomething that made it stand out in your mouth..not like any other in Hawaii, California, Vegas or in Chinatown in Japan or Korea.....lol haven"t been to China....will always make this a stop in vegas
2	in between getting my ass kicked at the tables I decided to take a break and wandered in here. First impression,nicely done,inviting. Thats where it went downhill. I stood there for 7 minutes,god knows why,without so much as a ni hao. seriously annoying. ordered a spicy shrimp dish. Lets just say that I know of many places out of state where this would have been fine for 8 bucks but for 20+? The whole casino experience is really starting to be a huge turnoff. They serve swill and you get raped at the tables,awesome! Thank you sir may i have another? The best part of the whole meal was the giant beer i ordered,luckily they cant influence the taste of a sealed item. When will these casinos overhaul their stock holder mentality and up their game? probably never,its not profitable for them.
3	If you are in need of an Asian food fix, Noodles is a good choice in the Bellagio. It's a bit hidden in the casino so you may want to ask for directions. The casual eatery has a large selection of dishes to choose from. I recommend picking something with noodles, hence the name. I had gotten the wonton noodles before, and it was pretty good after adding some salt. I also recommend the Thai iced tea. Unfortunately, today I ordered the Hainanese chicken with bones in, and this was the worst I have had. The chicken tasted a bit funky and was very salty. The soup that came with the dish was salty too, but it tasted ok after eating the chicken. That's how salty the chicken was. It overpowered everything. The side sauces were nothing special just minced ginger, chili, and soy sauce. I had to ask for a sweet chili sauce to make the chicken more bearable. The fragrant rice that came with the chicken was the only good part of the dish. It costs around $22 too! Overall, come here for the wide variety of Asian food and stick with noodles. The menu has traditional Mandarin too for those who like a Mandarin menu. This is also a good choice if you're dining alone since there's a row of individual seating on a low bar style area.
4	I loved this place so much, I ate here twice on my visit to Vegas. Great fusion place, he dim sum is excellent as are the noodles and the cucumber salad is exceptional. Service is a little slow, but food definitely makes up for it. A wonderful restaurant inside of the Bellagio!
5	HOLY YUM.Came here for a quick bite before going home and it was delicious. We split chicken satay and the chow mein. Perfectly seasoned and delicious (and the shrimp was huge) it is on the pricier side but it is well worth it. Service was a little stalled, and they brought out our main course before the appetizer but they were completely full as well.
4	Went here for lunch.  Got the barbeque pork and duck dish which was pretty good.  Duck was a little fatty but pork was outstanding.  Friend got potstickers and sweet and spicy noodle.  Pot stickers were terrific, noodle dish was fine.  A little bit expensive for just your basic asian food place but a good overall quality
3	"Meh..." is probably the most appropriate review of this place.The food don't stick out, the service doesn't stick out, the ambiance doesn't stick out. Bland in all ways.On the upside - they did have Udon noodles, that's always a plus for a noodle place in my book.
5	OUTSTANDING!Service and food were great. AND, considering location, prices very moderate.
5	Most likely the best and the most traditional Chinese restaurant in Vegas, located inside Bellagio, you would find it in their casino, their wonton noodle is the best, I think everything else are pretty good too, their chef came from Singapore and he is very funny, I strongly recommend this restaurant.
1	Bland. Over cooked noodles. Pricy. Snobby. Pretentious. We decided to eat here because I thought buffet was too expensive for vegan selection only & I'm impatient to wait for an hour in the buffet line. What a mistake. The price came out about the same & I was stuck with what I ordered. The soy bean was okay but it wasn't labeled organic so it was probably GMO soy. Disappointed.
4	Line is long so be prepared to wait even on a week day evening. Prices were a little heavy for my taste (I'm from manhattan so I'm used to it) The wonton soup was above average, the potstickers were average but the sweet and spicy beef noodles we're good. The beef was tender and tasty, the noodles were the same over all good dish and a big portion with fresh ingredients. Good experience with the pre-fixed menu but i won't come back.
2	First thing I noticed walking here was the restaurant was nice and there was a line to get seated.  Next thing I noticed was the expensive menu.  It was like $20 for a bowl of pho.  Where I'm from it's like $5-$10 max wherever I've been.  Pretty ridiculous pricing here if you ask me.  And the pho wasn't even great; it tasted plain.  My friend got the cucumber salad.  When the waitress brought it out it looked like a side order or extra stuff like cilantro that you'd put on your food.  Plate was hella small in portion.  And it cost $8.  So glad I didn't opt for salad this time.  I would've been super disappointed and pissed.  I ordered the fried rice which cost $15-16 bucks.  I was so happy with this order compared to the rest.  It tasted decent and It was bigger in portion LOL  I did have to add a lot of hot sauce to it and peppers.When my one friend wanted a beer, she asked the waitress.  The waitress told her she had to order that at the bar!  Lolololol of course I should've expected this.  Asian customer service has mostly always been terrible.  Luckily, the waitress changed her mind and got it for her.Overall, the restaurant is nice-looking, the customer service is a little less than decent but not terrible, the food was mostly plain and expensive, and if I were to ever eat here again (if my friends drag me here) I would opt for the fried rice again.
5	Try the sesame chicken . . You'll love it!!  There was a line for us, but the service was fast and we got through quickly!
3	So disappointed at how horribly inconsistent their Hainese Chicken and Rice is. Last night was such a sad night for me. I was looking forward to devouring that delicious chicken and rice I had on a previous trip and was smacked right in the face with major disappointment. The chicken lacked flavor and juiciness. The rice was either stale or undercooked. The ginger oil didn't taste that great either. WTF happened guys?!? Get your butts together!! I want my chicken and rice to be as delicious as it was the last time!!!!
1	This place has the look and pricing of a nice restaurant befitting of the Bellagio hotel but the food was just okay and the service was terrible - no better than a hole-in-the-wall Chinese restaurant. It was a long wait before our waitress decided to grace us with her presence. She had no personality and didn't even say the minimal "Hi, can I take your order" - her mere presence at our table was her indication to us that she was ready to take our order. Food was slow to come out and one server practically threw a dish on to our table. I expect this kind of service from a hole-in-the-wall restaurant in exchange for cheap prices but this restaurant charges quite a premium for what they serve.
4	Party of 2, seated right away. Even past the line of people waiting. There was also plenty of bar style seating if you so choose. Service was good. Will encounter a little bit of a language barrier if you don't listen carefully. Other than that, very friendly staff. I ordered a few from their (short) dim sum list. It was dinner time, so it was expected. I also tried their much talked about Mandarin Beef Noodle Soup. Amazing. Very flavorful broth, perfectly cooked noodles, and tender beef. My friend had the lobster special and enjoyed that as well. Prices were moderate for a place like Vegas. I'd visit again to try some other items.
4	Probably the best Asian food I had in Vegas so far (but it's only day 2), it's very authentic when it comes to the Chinese food. I thought the food was a little bland but I remember that's what older chinese people like. So you may have to add some salt and pepper but I thought it was better since it's healthier. I was extremely hungry on the casino floor and there wasn't much open, but I remembered my friend telling me that Noodles was pretty good. I came a few hours ago but the wait was 45 minutes. Around 12am, I probably only waited around 20 minutes.Once we sat down, the server came relatively quickly to take our order and our food came soon after. We ordered the kimchi, hot and spicy cucumber, roast duck and roast pork, bokchoy in garlic sauce, and 2 congee with century egg and pork. Everything was very good but like I said earlier, a little bland. Although the pork in the congee was very flavorful. Definitely satisfied my craving for Chinese food! My only complaint would be that it's pretty pricey but then again it's casino food, it's expected. My will probably be going back here since my friends will be back for poker. Tip: if your friends play in the high stakes room in the back, food is free. I'll be doing that next time :)
4	Wonderful surprise. This is truly a great place. Good food and service. We started with the Shiu Mai and some Asian greens that looked like spinach or turnip greens that were very tasty. We then had Spicy Thai shrimp Noodle soup, Seafood Noodle soup & Vietnamese Seafood Pho. All delicious.
4	We ordered the seafood noodle it was very good but could use a bit more salt ... The duck with rice and veggie meal was also very good with the plum sauce. We also had a very sweet server who had personality! Would def visit again to try other foods they have to offer.
3	Hungry me= Past midnight on the strip + Wanting Asian food + Overpriced chinese style noodles There is def' a convenience factor plus the location justifies the price but it wasn't anything out of ordinary chinese style noodles. Given the circumstance this place was OK.
1	Going to this place was a horrible experience: long wait to be seated, rude staff and disgusting food. Nothing at this place is worth experiencing.
2	Maybe I'm just used to half a lifetime of Chinese food. But this place just didn't impress me. It wasn't bad. It just wasn't impressive. I would have given it 3 stars if it was fairly priced. 4 stars if it was cheap. Maybe it is for a Bellagio restaurant, but there are a lot of restaurants nearby. This is an OK place. I wouldn't go too far out if my way for it.Service was great. Friendly staff. Ambiance is casual and comfortable.
3	The food is good and comparable to what you would get in any chinatown but as you would expect for a restaurant in Bellagio the prices were high. Basically $20 per order. The portions are small compared to your typical chinese restaurants. We were there with six in our party and we order five dishes. Two noodle dishes, one fried rice, one meat and one tofu dish. Thinking that this should be plenty of six people as one order is most chinese restaurants if far more food than can be eaten by one person,  but we polished off everything and could have eaten a sixth dish but we had a show to catch so we decide not to add anything. We ate around 6 pm and no line to be seated but when we left there was a line of around 20 people. The restaurant is small  and decor is interesting with the bottles of dried food items on one wall and the other wall had these rope wall hangings that seem out of place for a chinese restaurant .  Nevertheless it is probably the lowest priced place for dinner in Bellagio where you can get dinner for $20/person. Basically it was okay but have to rate it down due to the price and portion size. But if you are staying Bellagio and do not want to haul everyone to another hotel this is not a bad option.
2	Not for anyone looking for authentic Chinese food. I would go for the location if staying in Bellagio. Otherwise, it's overpriced and the poor quality does not deserve it.
5	We always hit this place when staying at the Belllagio.  One of the best shrimp wonton noodle soups I've ever had with giant shrimp packed into their wontons and a delciously rich broth.  Also have had the wok-fried Penang style Kweuy teaw with beef and it was perfect with very tender beef.  Don't know about the fancy dishes, but stick with the noodles and you won't be disappointed.  I don't take price into account in my reviews, because everything in the casinos is overpriced.
4	Since I'm from hawaii I was craving some asian food it's our fix in hawaii. We came in it took them about 5-10min for them to sit us at a table not very long we didn't really care we just wanted some food. While we waited we looked at the menu so we knew exactly what we wantedMy boyfriend and I ordered 3 things shumai, fried rice and a udon seafood soup. The pork and shrimp shumai comes with 5 pieces I would highly recommend very good. We also got the regular fried rice with chicken, it was good but not the best I've tasted. The reason I'm giving them 4 stars Is because I found a piece of hair in my fried rice which was really gross. People in the kitchen just needa be a little more careful. Being the type of person I am I didn't want to make a big deal out of it. I let my waitress know she was very nice about it apologized and said she would let the manager know. The manager then came over to us and apologized as well asked us if we wanted another new fried rice made me and my boyfriend declined the offer as we were waiting for another dish she gladly said she was going to take off the fried rice for us. We also got a seafood noodle soup it had huge pieces of shrimp squid and seabass (which was delicious) the broth was a little plain but it's ok just added some shoyu in there and you are set. We then got our check and she had taken off our shumai and the fried rice. Very sweet of her we really didnt ask that much. If you are looking for some good Asian food more of a Chinese cuisine style this place is a must check out
3	Good place to get a quick dinner if you can't get reservations at one of the other restaurants in the Bellagio or if you're looking for something more casual. To enter they have a line that you queue in before being allowed in as others leave. Its a fairly small restaurant but we came here at 8pm on a Wednesday night and only waited for about 10 minutes.Food was pretty good and came out quickly. I love noodles in general so I was in heaven with this menu!
2	long wait in line up for a table to see an overpriced menu. ww ordered appetizers and mains each. my main came out before my appetizer they took it away and then 10 mins later appetizers arrived which were pretty standard nothing to rave about.  mains arrjved and mine was cold as it seemed to be the main that came to our table first was not impressed with that didnt eeally eat any of it except for the meat, noodle dish was very oily, however my partner had duck with rice and that nice but have had better, sauce was very salty.  would not rush there again.
2	We have had pretty bad Asian food before but this place ranks as one of bottom 5.  The experience itself is subpar and the food definitely leaves something to be desired. We had the shrimp dumplings, kung pao chicken and yaki udon.  The dumplings were ok.  The chicken was just really bland for something that is supposed to spicy, and the noodles were just bleh.  I know that is not very descriptive but it's hard to be descriptive about this place. Will never return.
1	Advice? Do not go here. I wish I could put 0 stars. Service is so bad, the servers look like they are miserable with their lives. I also ordered shrimp tempura and fried calamari for appetizers and it tastes like the one you get from Costco boxes. Food got to me so cold..
1	the worst chinese food ever!!! also worst customer service. all food i order has no taste.. if i can only give -0 review  i will
3	I ended up eating at Noodles twice while playing the Bellagio Cup poker tournament because it was close and looked inviting. It's a very casual place that caters to convenience of being right there and serves trendy and upscale Americanized Asian bistro. Of course, like most of these hotel restaurants, it prices itself way high and makes you think you're getting a better experience than you really are getting. The service is decent, not great, but decent. On my two visits, I ordered the Pad Thai noodles with pot sticker dim sum and Hor Fun with Satay Chicken. Being a Thai food aficionado, there was something a bit odd about the Pad Thai, almost a sickly sweet taste to it. The pot stickers were not exceptionally noteworthy. The Hor Fun was the best dish I ordered. The Satay Chicken was good, but it's pretty hard to screw that dish up.I applaud them for giving correct portion sizes. They do not dump a truckload of food on a plate. It's a respectable serving size without making you feel like a glutton for finishing your bowl. The service was a bit sketchy. Not awful, but not great. My waitress just had the attitude of "what do you want to eat," not "can I answer any questions you might have?" Overpriced, yes. Underwhelming, no. If you find yourself in a pinch like I did, needing to grab a bite to eat while on a break, Noodles is a good choice. Otherwise, I'd stick to finding other real-deal restaurants in Vegas and steer clear.
3	Noodles is apparently "known" for its noodles and dim sum. Psht dim sum, more like dim a lot(of money) [sorry bad pun]. Anyways, the decoration of the place was pretty cool and unique. Noodles everywhere! The service was interesting. It took our server 15minutes to realize that we were sitting at our table. After swinging our arms and giving her the head nod. The hostess finally went to get her. (-1 star) When she got to us, she was friendly and even spoke Chinese, which I guess is a plus if you can't speak English. To the food: we ordered the premium fried rice, some kind of soba noodle soup, beef noodle soup, duck egg congee, crab meat vermicelli noodles, a few dim sum items. Hold on to your hats, I'm going to do a quick run through of everything. Premium fried rice: contains pineapples. Has a sweet taste. However very dry, so I'm assuming they used fresh cooked rice, making the fried rice dry. Tasted like nothing to me. LSoba noodle soup: tastes like sake.Beef noodle soup: good soup base, but there was not enough soup. The beef was well cooked, so it was soft and it easily "melted" in your mouth. The egg noodles did not match the taste of the beef noodle soup. The noodles tasted like flour to me.Congee: tasted pretty good, the chicken had no taste.Vermicilli noodles: crab meat was dry. Dish was okay but really salty for my taste. Dim sum: it was dim sum but it wasn't with like 9-11$ for a plate. Haha.Overall, if you're craving Asian and are too lazy to walk into the hell wrath heat outside, go here. Otherwise I don't recommend. :)
3	I recommend the Thai soup and congee.  The yellow noodle with duck and wonton soup were pretty bland. I had to mix in soy sauce and hot sauce to give it more flavor. Service can be very rude here sometimes. I recommend phoning your order, picking up your order to avoid the line, and eating in your room.
1	I didnt know "sh*tty wok" from south park existed but this is it. Come here and enjoy theyre incredibly low quality food with their incredibly high quality decor. We got the calamari and pad thai. Calamari tasted like it was defrosted, left out, then slightly heated up. Rubbery and greasy texture. I thought it was funny how badly i got ripped off. I kept telling my girlfriend in a sarcastic chinese manager voice "haha you stupid idiot pay $40 dollar for sh*@&$ food". Good thing im rich and don't care about costly mistakes like this. This place should be ashamed!
3	My only complaint is not to come here with someone who lived in Asia and knows what "real" asian food is. They will complain!Our server was very sweet and the food was good for my taste, ended up trying a lot of new things and liking them all!!!
1	Ordered soba noodles expecting it to be cold but it was hot and was told by the waiter ... Oh well.  To top it off the hot soba was worse than cup of noodles. Won't be going back
3	Very unreliable quality of food. It can be a hit or miss. Eaten their 3 times and the same food item tasted different each of the times. If your craving Asian food has a wed variety of menu items and it will satisfy you but it's not the best you can find. Love their noodle soups
1	I wandered the Strip with some girlfriends during Memorial Day weekend and stumbled upon Noodles in the Bellagio. First, the hostesses took a while to seat us despite the fact that there were several empty tables in the restaurant. Once we were seated, and we ordered our food, it took a really long time for it to come out. I'm a pretty patient person, and I would not say gluttony is a deadly sin of mine, but JEYZUS the food took SO LONG to come out. If the restaurant was busier I would understand, but wow it took literally more than half an hour after we ordered, and we only had five people in our party. Food was alright...kind of mediocre, I wouldn't come here again (& for more reasons below!). The five of us each got different dishes and they were okay...pretty subpar. I guess being Asian, you have a bit of a higher standard for noodle dishes, but as non-biased as I am trying to be, the food here was below average.The worst part came AFTER we left Noodles. One of my friends had an allergic reaction to the food (she ordered the pad thai) after we left. She had trouble breathing and broke out in hives everywhere until she took some Benadryl to alleviate the reaction. She is allergic to nuts, not peanuts (peanuts are legumes, not nuts!), so we assumed there may have been other nuts in the pad thai they might have not listed on the menu. We called the restaurant to let them know of this and after talking to several (at least 3) people at the restaurant, they repeatedly just read the menu to us and said she might've had a reaction to the peanuts. Like I said...she is not allergic to peanuts and orders pad thai all the time. There were probably other products in the food that were processed in a place with nuts, we assumed. We talked to the manager and he was very apologetic over the phone, got our information down (what hotel we were staying at, what room, how bad the reaction was, etc.), and insisted that he send someone up to our hotel room to check on my friend. She was feeling a little better (able to breathe, thank God), but we agreed to the person coming up to check on her just to make sure she was okay. We waited quite a while in the hotel room...no one came up. The manager ended the phone call with "Sorry about that, hope you feel better." ...thanks, NOODLES.Overall experience: mediocre food and bad customer service (even before my friend got sick). And then they did not keep their promise of having someone come up to our hotel room at the Monte Carlo. Yes, my friend did feel better after taking Benadryl, but after getting our information down and extensive phone conversations with us regarding the situation, and all of us waiting in our room, you would think management would come through. We also e-mailed them after we left Vegas a couple days later about this, but no response. -_-Get it together, NOODLES!
1	Read Steph V's post below for more details.The wait was unnecessary considering how many empty tables were there. The food took so long to come out. I'd say about 30 minutes honestly, and that's not an exaggeration. I give Noodles one star for the okay food that satisfied our hunger. It's not the best asian food around Vegas, and it's also not the cheapest. The biggest disappointment with Noodles came after the food. Our friend got a severe allergic reaction to something she ate and upon calling Noodles, we received one of the worst customer service. They said they would send someone to check up on our friend, but no one ever came. It was a huge liability issue on their part, and we could've taken more action if we really wanted to. NEVER AGAIN. Don't think we will be coming back here ever.
4	I have been coming here for years. I will say that overall it is not the greatest. I have had the hinanese chicken - not the best. Also, done the beef stew noodles - was missing something. The dim sum is okay. However, there is one dish that wins. The XO crab lump noodles. The dish is just perfect. It has the right balance of crab, XO sauce, XO beef strips. Great after late nights drinking or gambling.Dinner:-XO noodles (Excellent)-Beef stew noodles (Ok)-Hinanese chicken (Ok)
5	I love Dim Sum! I consider my self a dim sum master! And this place is a dim sum equivalent of fireworks. This place was so fresh tasting, nothing was over steamed or I've cooked. The pork bun and shrimp dumplings were probably eh best inhale ever tasted. The sticky rice was light fluffy and delicious.  The chicken noodle garlic soup was probably the best soup I have ever tasted. Easy five star reco!!!
1	Someone had recommended this place to me but unfortunately I did not like one thing we had ordered, in fact everything we had was pretty awful. How can you mess up this type of food if that's what you specialize in? Tasted like one of those low budget Chinese/Vietnamese buffets to me. Will not be going back.
4	Love this place!  Noodles, Dumplings, Spring Rolls.. oh and the fresh OJ!
4	Yay... good food and good service.  Las Vegas pricing but what can one expect in Las Vegas?  We waited in a line of about 25 people.  Didn't take long since the tables were turning rather efficiently, yet nobody seemed rushed to eat and leave (we certainly weren't and by the time we were seated the line was at least twice as long).  All dishes we tried were yummy... very very yummy.  The place was full of Asian people, quite obviously visiting from Asia.  They seemed to like the food too, so it must be good!  Watermelon juice was quite impressive: very refreshing liquid watermelon.
5	Deelicious, reasonably priced, and excellent service.  I would go back in a heartbeat, and gladly recommend this restaurant.
5	It's as good as it gets
4	Food is way good and the prices are nice. My bf and I both got an appetizer,a meal, and sake... All where delicious. Server was very attentive.I would defiantly return here on my next visit as there is much more I would like to try!
4	We eat a lot of Chinese food and are quite picky...Noodles did not disappoint. Sure its pricey...it's in the Bellagio in. Vegas...get over it! The spicy cucumber is a very good way to get the palate going...along with some extra large Tsing Tao beer. The bbq meats are as good as I have had in Toronto or New York. Order the snow pea leaves with garlic...awesome. A great place for a lighter meal with very attentive and friendly service. If you eat at PF Changs and that is your idea of good Chinese, then this place will be lost on you and you will probably think it's expensive...it's well done Chinese food by chefs who know how to cook. We had two appetizers, the bbq meat sampler, a veg and some noodles and with tip it was about $125...again, not cheap, but tasty, clean, well prepared food in a comfortable setting.
4	Quality Chinese food. Extremely recommended.
5	We are such fans of this beautifully decorated restaurant, we eat here every time we stay at the Bellagio.  This last visit was all about the Dim Sum (SO good), and a fried tofu, Bok Choy and mushroom dish that knocked our socks off - and the iced tea - it is so fresh, I absolutely love it.  Fabulous each and every time, it is always packed but we never mind the wait.  Staff is attentive, and friendly.
4	This is a very comfortable place.  I felt relaxed while eating my meal.  The decor is very delightful.  The food was terrific!  I have no idea if it is authentic but the dishes have the right combination of marinade and spices.I will definately be back.
4	This is a terrific spot for fast, medium priced, quality Asian style noodles, dumplings and rice dishes. I've visited this spot two times on two separate Vegas visits. And, it's a solid stand by for the above grub. Try the Udon, the steamed pork buns, Kim Chi and vermicelli with pork (Singapore style) dishes. Travel through Asian cuisine while escaping the Bubba Gumps, Chilis and other ubiquitous nonsense that passes for midpriced food in fabulous Las Vegas.
5	We saw the advertisement on Bellagio TV.  We liked Chef Patrick's descriptions of how they prepare their food.  When we got to the restaurant, we were seated quickly, the staff was very courteous and the waiter was very helpful in making recommendations.  This is not your normal American Chinese (Asian) food.  It tastes more authentic.  It takes 5 hours to make the fish stock and they hand pinch their wontons.  Chef Patrick even stopped by the table to give us a bit more color on the preparation processes that they use.Nice experience, very good food.
5	I cannot understand how this place is rated so low!  First of all it's located in the Bellagio, a casino synonymous with class.  Secondly, how many Chinese restaurants are so clean?  Anyway the service is great here and the dishes are even better.  I always order the Boneless Roast Duck (2 orders) and Bean Curd Wrapped Shrimp.  The Roast Duck is meaty and succulent and you don't have to waste your time chewing around a bone.  It is so flavorful and juicy, I drool actually writing and thinking about it now.The Bean Curd wrapped around Shrimp is a nice Dim Sum to get your started.  We come here many times and hope to go again.  They have the best Roast Duck in the world period!
3	Had the hong Kong noodles and the kung pao chicken. Both were very average. Nothing special.
1	I love dimsum and have been to many especially out of town. This was the worst. Only one lady with a cart. So you'll have to wait for a while. There's a big language barrier where it's hard to even speak the most basic English. Don't waist your time :(
2	After a full day of traveling, we were really looking forward to a good meal. Since we arrived in Vegas late, not much in our hotel was open, but we noticed Noodles had a line, so we decided to suck it up and wait. We were seated pretty quick,but were stuck in the back, by the kitchen door. The staff weren't friendly, but they weren't rude... Just didn't seem to care if you were there or not. My husband and I eat Thai food regularly, so we had some experience beneath us before deciding what to eat. I didn't want anything too heavy, since it was so late, so I opted for the fried rice and my husband had duck with a side of steamed rice. My fried rice was tasteless and dry. My husband's duck didn't have much flavor and full of fat. We had to wait quite a while for our check.....so I guess to sum this up is don't go, unless you just have to. The service isn't good and the food is simply overpriced and tasteless.
1	I've been to SF, LA, NYC, Miami, Taiwan, Hong Kong....Literally the worst asian cuisine I have EVER had! Pad Thai with fish sauce and chow mein with ketchup???! Then the server had the nerve to tell me that NO ONE has ever complained before!! So gross and I will never go here again. Save your money and have a pizza at Olive instead.
2	For a Bellagio restaurant this was pretty disappointing. Unimpressed with the wonton soup that many spoke about in the reviews. Although it was a generous serving, thought it tasted fishy! Spring rolls were good but it's hard to mess up a fried spring roll, right? The spicy cucumbers had good flavor but not chilled as advertised, and accustomed to at other restaurants. Because the soup was off, I basically ate a spring roll and cucumbers for dinner.  If looking for a restaurant in a premiere hotel on the strip, I would would say, try somewhere else.
2	We had to wait a long time just to get water then 20 mins for food to come to the table. Food was very pricey and very bland. Would not recommend this restaurant.
4	This place was delicious. We stopped in for dinner. It did not disappoint.
3	For what I paid for my lunch, I am a bit disappointed. I shared Pad Thai, spicy cucumbers, veggie tempura. Nothing but average. I had to use half a tub of chili paste mixed with soy sauce to taste anything. The saving grace is very good service.  Don't get me wrong, I ate the food, just won't be going back. Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.
5	We eat Asian food weekly and have lived and traveled throughout Asia. This is the REAL DEAL! We loved the Laksa, Roti Prata and Signature Fried Rice.
3	good quality meat and noodles, almost more than double the price you can get at chinese restaurant
2	$45 for 4 small steamed pork buns, a bowl of Chicken Udon and a bowl of the Mandarin Beef Stew Udon...all which were mediocre. I expected more from a restaurant at the Bellagio.
3	Thursday afternoon, I'm thrilled to explore Las Vegas. Then I got hungry. Noticed that Noodles is located inside the Bellagio. Took a wrong turn by the Baccarat table and ended up by the Pool. LOL Asked a Bellagio staff (she was uber nice) and she directed me to Noodles. Took about 2 minutes to get the host to notice me and get seated in the back. About 30 seconds, my server was there. Ordered hot Green Tea and the XO Crab Vermicelli dish. Wow! The dish arrived within 15 minutes. With just the right touch of spice to get me eating more. I didn't realize I was missing crab meat and bean sprouts and scrambled eggs so much until I tasted the first bite! Taste explosion! In a good way!I should order the Vietnamese Phone too... My stomach is complaining coz there's no more room!!!
2	A fellow diner insisted on coming here because the remembered the noodle soups being spectacular.  After lunch, she said she must have been really drunk when she ate here last because our meal was a waste of a lunch when in Vegas and there are so many good options. Small bowls of noodle soups that really were nothing special and all tasted exactly the same.  Bland generic broth.......  The shrimp dumplings were good however.  Don't expect them to bring you any chili paste or anything else for that matter.  Once you order, you are on your own!
2	This place is good but not great. With a location like the bellagio, greatness is expected and noodles falls flat. I ordered the Chilean seabass, and It was somewhat bland. Some of the dishes on other diners plates looked much tastier, so my review may be tainted.
1	Rip off. I ordered Hainanese Chicken rice after assured the chef was Malaysian and seeing many Asian customers. MISTAKE! -what a disappointment. The rice was dry and flavorless and did not even come with consume. I ordered sauteed choy sum, which was actually just overcooked, oversteamed choy sum (a vegatable). Did I mentioned that the prices are a joke - over $23 for just the chicken rice. It's not like any of this is organic -probably filled with pesticides. I have a feeling this place is more about making money and than serving good food.
5	On our first night in Vegas we found this great little restaurant. We continue to search for places that serve gluten-free vegetarian food along side dishes fit for an omnivore. This place definitely fit the bill. Since I assumed Vegas wasn't necessarily familiar with gluten-free, I started to give the waiter my order. When he understood what I was doing he offered the perfect dish with a tasty sauce and a tofu and noodle dish that was unlike anything I've ever had before. The flavors were light and delicate but very tasty. The service was excellent and the decor fit the Asian style. It was a little loud and bustling, but hey, it's Vegas.
4	I've read criticism of the staff there, and it's true they are rather indifferent but the service itself was very good. We had potstickers steamed that were delicate and delicious. I have a bowl of egg noodle soup with shrimp wontons which was excellent. My husband had the udon bowl which he said was very good. The food came out quickly and was very fresh. The broths are authentic and made from scratch. We were very happy with our experience. I would definitely go again.
3	Very difficult to get a vegan or vegi menu option.  No tofu option offered.  Had plain vegi fried rice... I know they could have done so much more.  Won ton soup and dumplings were outstanding!
1	This is the worst overpriced Chinese ever. Authentic, overlooked, tough, extra fatty, cheap cuts of meat and not very good service. Place was empty and they couldn't have rushed me more. Offered me rice, then charged me $4.35 for it!!! Huh???I would highly recommend going hungry over trying to eat this terrible overpriced food.
3	For the most part this place is good, does the job if your craving some Asian food, I've found its hit and miss with the quality.  The portions are good, service can be a little weird at times with the language issues but good for the most part.  I find the prices to be on the high side for the type/quality of food being served.
4	Your hungry, drunk, and a little tired.......you need food that will warm your belly.  What's better than Chinese?  Okay, sometimes a slice of pizza does the trick, and yeah, so might a bowl of clam chowder, but think about it,  Chinese food is flavorful, usually comes with fresh vegetables and is served hot.So when we're at the Bellagio, Noodles is our go to restaurant.  (I guess we're often hungry and drunk when we're there.}  Yes, it's pricey, but it's still cheaper than any of the other restaurants in the hotel unless you're having a burger or a pastry.Many people seem to know this because the line can stretch pretty far out the door. We try to eat earlier rather than later because it seems like the line doesn't diminish after a certain hour.  Turnover is fairly quick, though.Okay, so you order a bowl of won ton and noodle soup because the rum and cokes you're drinking have been eating away your stomach lining.  The warm broth comforts you, the wonton, noodles and vegetables nourish and revitalize you.  Then you look at the bill and realize the food is twice as expensive as what you would pay at home,,,,,,,Vegas.........
5	I don't understand all the low ratings, food is delicious. Our hostess was very gracious and accommodating. Nothing I hate more then old seafood, esp. shrimp, but this place has the freshest seafood. you know how you can tell when it's fresh, it's a little crunchy. yep, and full of flavor. will be back this xmas, noodles here I come!
5	Best Dim Sum on the strip; maybe the only dim sum... pretty authentic and good.  Dim Sum was very reasonably prices.  I will return here again and again.
2	Noodles is the bourgeosie dream. It's wildly overpriced carbohydrates tucked into one of the world's most famous casinos. My shrimp dumpling soup was pretty good, with a fishiness in the broth that didn't wrankle my nose, which can be a hard feat with a diner who didn't eat much fish growing up. But you're paying a lot of money for a small bowl of noodles. The ambiance, like the rest of Vegas, covers up structural problems with a dazzling and dizzying array of exotic looking noodles in jars against the wall, almost as if a noodle crazed mad scientist had taken up residence in the restaurant. But the food was on the meager side, and expensive, evn given the quality. And we found the service to be wanting. I think they were short a waiter, but we had to call one over after waiting an unusual amount of time for someone to take a drink order. The food also took a long time, even though we arrived well after the typical dinner hour. Also, I wouldn't come here if a member of your party is a frequent visitor to bathrooms and has trouble walking. The bathrooms are on the other side of the casinos (of course), so you'll be trekking through slot machines and hordes of well dressed career professionals to get to the facilities. Unfortunately, while Vegas may have good food here and there, often there isn't a lot of choice once you're anchored in a casino. Each one has their pride and joy restaurants. For what it's worth, I'd either skip the noodle section of the menu here and hope for something better in, say, the Mappo dofu, or try the Cantonese restraurant across the way which may or may not be a better choice.
3	Noodles is located in the Bellagio. It's a pretty small restaurant and I can imagine the wait can be really long when it's busy. The cost of the food was pretty pricey. My husband and I shared a prefixed menu that included soup, noodles, and dumplings. The prefixed menu cost $28 and you cannot do substitutions. For the soup, there was a choice of wonton soup or miso soup. The noodles choices included pad Thai, chow mein, and 2 other choices. The dumplings could be steamed or fried.  We got the wonton soup which was really delicious. It came with 4 shrimp wontons. For the noodles, we got the pad Thai with pork BBQ. You have the option of having it with shrimp, chicken or beef too. The pad Thai was a bit salty for me. The fried dumplings were good too. My sister ordered the chow mein and she said the noodles tasted really fresh.  The prefixed meal was plenty for me and my husband. We even had leftovers to box up. The food was good but I'm not planning on coming back here the next time I go to Vegas. I'd go here if someone wanted to eat here, but I wouldn't be the one suggesting this place. It's pricey for average Chinese food.
4	They have a vegan menu! The veggie noodle dish was great!  They were very mindful of our food preferences.
5	I am truly surprised at many of the reviews on this restaurant .but different strokes for ...well you know    First let me preface this review with an admission. If it has Asian noodles and broth ...I am in!  But not all noodles are created equal and Noodles in the Bellagio gets it right.First the service ....Some of the best of the week so far.  There was a line (always a good sign!) We stood in it for about 15 minutes but the hostess kept us up to date on how long about every three minutes. Really pro. We were seated in the comfortable surroundings of a top grade Asian noodle house. Once in our seats I could smell the aroma of wonderful broth and hear the familiar slurp sound that is a must in a noodle venue. We ordered appetizers. Easy choice was the chicken satay with an amazing peanut dipping sauce. Also sampled the shrimp tempura. So perfectly fried and tender beyond imagination. But the barometer of a noodle house is of course noodles in broth. I added the BBQ pork with egg noodles and the scrumptious bowl wafted out  the smell of the deliciousness to come. A perfectly cooked noodle with a fantastic broth were what i came for and received. I told my wife i could eat all my meals here this week. It was that good. I was pretty sure i picked the right place when I noticed the seventy five percent of the customers were Asian. Always a good sign! I usually rely on Yelp before trying a restaurant but i am glad I did not consult Yelp this time. I might have missed a special treat.
2	I was not impressed with this place at all. The line is out the door and it takes forever to get seated. They have various different kinds of noodles on the menu, as well as dim sum on the weekends. They don't fall under one category of Asian food, but seem to try to include the entire spectrum. They have pho, Thai, and Chinese dry and soup noodles. I don't remember if there was ramen on the menu, but I did see ramen noodles on their wall display jars of the various noodles they serve. I got the Shrimp Thai Noodle Soup. The menu described it as Tom Yum, but it didn't taste like it at all... It was super bland, I could barely get through it. My brother ordered the beef noodle soup and he usually eats his  plate clean, no matter what, but he said it was too gross to finish. It is overpriced (about $20 per bowl) but I'm not even taking a star off for that because it is expected for every place in Vegas.
4	Best won ton in Las Vegas ! Food is good noodled is the best !! Dim sum only on weekend price is $$ but good !!! Always came here if I am in Vegas !! Never go work coming  here for good Chinese food !
1	So sad to give them 1 star... Food was really good but the waitress was horrible. First of all, she messed up our order. And on top of it she charged for the orders she messed up. Because it was my boyfriend's birthday and didn't want to make a scene in front of his best friends so we just paid for the whole amount..,,, well, just disappointed that's all.... We expected a better service at the world famous "BELLAGIO"!!!
5	I just ate here in las Las Vegas.  The food was fresh and very good.  The vegetable tempura was excellent.  I also had the oxtail soup which was a pleasant surprise on the menu.  It was prepared very well and the oxtail was very tender and fell easily off the bone.  The wait staff was pleasant albeit a bit slow.  Perhaps not a bad thing given the pace of the city.  You definitely can sit and enjoy your meal.  Very nice atmosphere as well.  Since I am use to good asian food being about 40 to 50 percent less in price this is my only negative.  I am a bit surprised about the other ratings on here as I thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant.
5	I was craving to have dim sum and found this restaurant on yelp. I must say that this restaurant was the best that i went to so far in las vegas! (mind you I've been here for a week). The dim sum was delicious and the service was awesome. It was on the expensive side but the quality of the food and speedy service was impeccable to my standards. My waiter and other staff members assisted us in what ever we wanted and checked on our table frequently. I'm definitely coming back to this place! thank you noodles and keep up the great food/service :D
4	Noodles was a nice break from the usual Vegas overly oppulant fare.  The dishes are a little bit of a fusion of several Asian influences, and I can describe them as Asian comfort food.  My family was starving after a long day of travel and this hit the spot.
4	It's expensive for what it is, but not pricey for the fact that it's inside the Bellagio.  The noodle soups are great.  I've had the regular noodle soup, the wonton noodle soup and the laksa.  They are all good.  The portions are a bit small but you can ask for more broth and buy a bowl of rice to supplement.  As for the other dishes, they are a bit lacking.  I've had the pad thai which is just ok.  Also, some of the dim sum is not that great (not bad but not good either) and also very pricey (for a few more bucks, you can get the noodle soup).The service is adequate and decor is fine.  I would come here again and again.
1	I tried their chicken curry and it was disgusting. The curry has no flavor, it was bland and the chicken was over cooked. It's an overpriced restaurant in the casino. There are many better locations in chinatown for lot less money. I recommend skipping this location.
3	Excellent service. Noodles were perfect however the flavor was nonexistent. Very nice staff and decent prices considering the location.  I don't think I would come back again but I am glad that I tried it.
1	Long queue, slow, expensive, small portion, good dim sum but other dishes are really mediocre, ok service...do not recommend at all
1	Came here with my family for a light lunch, and our experience was strange. Started by ordering a Thai Iced Tea. I asked our server if they could substitute the regular milk for soy milk. She told me no... Something about the tea having lots of sugar, plus the sugar in the soy milk... Just too much sugar. Um, what? That doesn't make any sense. It's easy to sub soy in any milk-based drink. I do it all the time. If the drink was pre-mixed with regular milk already, then I can understand. But you're telling me no bc you think I think it'll taste too sugary with soy? Soy doesn't typically have lots of sugar. It's a fine substitute. What if I like lots of sugar, anyhow? I don't. But the point is... It's my drink, personalized to my tastes, and the server doesn't know me... So let me order it how I want to. After losing that battle, we ordered our food. My dad got the Noodle Soup with Chicken and again, we got another wonderful recommendation from our server: "That's not my favorite. It's too light and not very good." Thanks? We know she meant well, but there may have been a bit of a language barrier (it sounded like she didn't know English very well.) Her recommendations were probably helpful in her eyes, but to us, they sounded discourteous. Luckily my family and I are laid back and we just laughed it off. Food: Dad got the Noodle Soup, as requested, and it was actually pretty good. A little bland, but not bad. Same for the Wonton Soup and the Cantonese Dumpling Soup. The fried rice was basic. Don't bother. On the better side... the Shiu Mai and the Sesame Balls. Side note: Lunch time gets packed. We waited over an hour to dine (which was expected. Things are always crowded at peak times.) The restaurant is also small, and the workers move at a snail's pace.
2	For Asian food not do good.  Average at best and overpriced gor quality.   The menu isn't that great.   There are much better Asian restaurants on China town.
3	Authentic chinese food. Tried the rice and noodle dishes and it was good. Service was good and the food prices are expected based on location. The place is well decorated and good service.
2	Very poor service, overpriced, fried rice was ok, pork buns were decent, grilled shrimp was bland. I think restaurant is overatted and over
1	A couple of my friends wanted Asian food close by, so we ended up at Noodles. It seem pretty busy so nothing bad really crossed my mind. We got seated right away which was a plus. I ordered the Thai spicy noodle soup. It was pretty bland and literally tasted like warm water with lemongrass, and a bit of tum yum seasoning. My boyfriend ordered the pho there too and it was tasteless. Our other friends ordered the congee and fried rice and they seem to enjoy it. It was pretty disappointing in my book.
