2	Revolving Sushi bar and Fine Japanese dining~ That's what the sign says.Cool little color coded plates of sushi ride around on a moving belt before your eyes. Small portions make it easy to keep grabbing plates, then they add up the colors at the end and bring your check.White= $1.25Yellow=$ 1.75Green=$ 2.25Brown=$ 2.75Black=$ 3.25There is everything from Egg to shrimp and tuna etc. in 2 pieces and all kinds of rolls in 4 pieces, even little desserts go by. Also a small menu with tempura ,teriyaki, salads etc.Don't see what you want? Just ask and they will make it appear!I had a crunch roll and tuna avocado roll and an order of tuna (see pics) + drink and a tip was only $10.Was the sushi Good? ~ it was OK (for $2 I can't complain), I liked the crunch roll, the tuna wasn't cut properly with the grain so you couldn't easily bite a piece off.I don't know that they should be calling themselves  "Fine Dining" it's about as FINE as McDonald's if you know what I mean.Don't go here here for quality sushi or atmosphere, go because you want sushi and only have $5 bucks to your name.2.5 stars
4	This place is my new favorite sushi stop.  It's not where I go for good sushi by any means, but the quality is not too bad compared to local sushi joints, and it's about half the price in half the time!  The wait staff is friendly, and you can get to eating within about a minute of sitting down.++ Cheap and Fast sushi.  Friendly people.  Pretty tasty.  Better than AJ's takeout sushi.--The miso soup was disappointing, and some of the fish wasn't cut properly, but it's most likely because they're cutting corners for costI wouldn't call it McDonalds quality sushi, as the person below did, but I might equate this to the "McDonalds of Sushi".
4	Fast food sushi -- I introduced this place to my sister and brother-in-law and they love it....interesting atmosphere with the revolving belt (great if your attention deficient), decent to good sushi, and downright cheap - I think they lowered their prices since Sarah G. reviewed (range is $1-2 a plate).  I agree not to expect fine-dining but will give you the sushi-fix at a great price.  Also with the revolving sushi - bar concept you get instant gratification (My advice is to wait until something looks really good before picking up - they have some really good stuff but also alot of mediocre sushi on the line.We also noticed that a lot of Japanese frequent the place - always a good sign.
4	I freaking love this place. My boyfriend brought me here for the first time because I was far too curious about the whole conveyor belt concept. It's definitely not fancy nor "fine" but what do you really expect when you're paying one dollar for a plate? Quality comes with a high price. The prices of the plates is what makes it fun because you can try something new without being afraid of ordering an entire roll of something you can't stomach and paying a bundle for it. Have I mentioned sake bombers are 5 dollars and a regular large Sapporo is 3.50? Not bad for going out. All the waitresses have been fine. Some more English-friendly than others but always very attentive. 10 seconds after I grabbed some mandarin oranges off the belt our server was behind us with a spoon, ha. I also like the fact that you can eat at your own pace and there's no pressure to order or finish in a typical time frame. The veggie tempura was pretty good and the miso soup was yummy too. Overall, it's a lot of fun to eat here. It's nice-When you leave, the sushi chefs and servers all say good bye.
4	My wife and I were starving for some good sushi and wanted to pig out on a budget. What better place then Haru Suhi, it was recommended to us by a friend thats live near there, and we were hooked. The place has a traditional REVOLVING sushi bar just like they do in Japan. ( you sit at the bar, and sushi comes around on a moving belt )They always yell hello in japanese when you walk in and once your seated ( which sometimes you might have to wait if you wanna sit at the revolving bar)  you can sit down and start eating right a way. There is already sushi on moving belt, you just take the plate you want and start eating.  The portions are small but this way you get to try alot of different rolls and types of sushi instead of filling up on one or two rolls ( which is what I think what they wanted). They charge you by the plate anything from $1.00-$2.00 and if you dont see anything you like they will make anything you want ( but charge you accordingly). I recommend the VEGAS roll, BAKED SCALLOP roll, HARU sushi, and SIZZILING SALMON are some of my favorites.We were so full! (sushi coma) we had 14 plates ranging from $1-2  and our bill was $31 and some change, with tax, for the both of us. CHEAP! anywhere else we would have spent $50 at least.We go there at least once a week or every other week just to eat there, and we live in Central Phoenix. Its worth the drive for us.
4	My friend discovered this little gem in the valley and now we love it! The first day we went we thought it was so affordable and then were informed that the prices would be even lower the next day! Although the quality isn't amazing, it's better than some other popular sushi joints in the area for a fantasticly affordable price. And what I love is that you can sit and eat right away if you don't mind it not being super fresh.I once dashed down to Haru about 15 minutes before closing with a coworker after work because we were both craving sushi and downed about $14 worth of sushi before they closed!I also hosted part of my birthday party there (I'm 25 mind you) and everyone who was new to the place absolutely loved it - it was fast, easy and something for everyone - and no splitting checks! We had a big group of about 12 so the upside of this place not being so popular (YET!) was that they were able to accomodate us all.Love love love this place, I just wish I lived closer; I'd be here everyday!
4	My first visit to a revolving sushi place, it was way cool.  The best thing is that you sit down and pick up what you want and start eating.    I was a little odd at first, but I soon picked it up in fact I really could have quite carried away with it.everything I had was delicious!!  the cool thing is you might see something that you like come by but you have a little time to think it over because it will soon be back.  However i didn't understand the can of Vienna sausages or the snack pac puddings that were making their way around with everything else.
4	Chris G. makes a good point about not arriving too early and I would say the same for arriving late. They kind of shorten the conveyor and do not replace the old stuff with fresh stuff. Our personal experience has been that the best time is generally between 6PM and 8PM. To grab fresh stuff off the belt that is. As mentioned by other reviewers, they'll make rolls fresh for you. The other reviews are all pretty much on the money. It's definitely a fun place to go with friends and affordable. The wait staff are very friendly and accommodating. The food is a super value, great price for good quality sushi.
3	Stopped in for lunch w/ my usual 'It's-Thurs-lets-do-cheap-lunch!' chicas. Oh heaven, jars of ginger, nice sized jars of ginger...already winning points and causing me to make a mental note to myself:  must bring hubbie.  He hates having to always ask for more ginger.  Now if they would do the same w/ the wasabi......Lots of nice choices.  Liked the squid salad, something different.  Not sure why the salads (cucumber, seaweed) are running more than the standard sushi plate, unless they are pricing it up on volume??  They have some fruit and dessert options going round on the belt.  They even had inari, my idea of Japanese dessert.  Overall sushi quality is average and enjoyable to snack on.  The prices make this place a 'must return' and do so often.  Friends made-to-order salmon handroll was $1?!?!?!
4	For those that aren't familiar with it, Haru sushi is a rotating sushi bar.  Plates of half-rolls or two pieces of nigiri (the fish on rice, if I got that right), as well as drinks, desserts, edamame, and a few other things go around the bar on colored plates (color indicates the price).  Most of the plates are $1-2, some of the best sushi prices I've seen.  The sushi itself is good.  Not fantastic as far as I can tell, but not awful.  I'm no sushi nazi. If you don't see something you want, you can order it at the bar.  They've got a few beers, too.I really like this place because I can fill up within 5 minutes of entering.  I've gone here a lot this summer, and the service was always good, and the food pretty consistent.
4	Haru Sushi is worth the time.   The biggest draw is the speed and the price.  You can be eating as fast as you can take a plate off of the conveyor.  We've fed two people regularly for $20 each time and we leave full.  The quality of the sushi is average.  We have always found the service to be very helpful and timely.  We will be returning often.
2	Tired of the good ol' boy type places that the vendors keep picking, I used the Yelp! for Blackberry app to find this place just around the corner from where I was working today.We had to wait a few minutes for a table to open up, but as soon as one did, I reached for the Spicy Tuna (not that spicy).  I also grabbed the cucumber salad (more sweet than tang, reminding me of my grandmothers bread and butter pickles), the seaweed salad, the rainbow roll (decent fish, but the avocado was dried out), the maguro (far more pink than red...), the salmon (a little on the slimy side, but it didn't smell or taste funny, just weird texture), and tried, at the behest of my less sushi experienced colleagues, the baked scallops on top of a california roll (just plain weird - the top was a combination of crab and baked scallops with some cream sauce, which I'm still tasting now, 4 hours later...).  This was the first conveyor belt sushi place that I've been to in the US, but I knew that just like all sushi in the US, it wouldn't be as good as what I'd had in Japan.  Even considering, I don't think I'll be recommending this place to the rest of the team in the future.  This is a good place to introduce people to sushi, and it's cheap, and fast (once you have a table), but if you've been to Japan and had the real thing, this Americanized version just won't cut it.
4	You can't find great sushi in Arizona. Period. This place has good sushi at great prices.
1	Well, it's cheap, and novel (not too many conveyor sushi places around, and the only reason I went was because of this)  But the food, not so hot, or should I say cool...It wasn't terribly busy when I went, and that was probably a bad thing, the conveyor is pretty big and was always full, but with few patrons the turnover was really low, and everything was warm. Nothing like a lukewarm mouthfull of clam, or tuna, or everything. All the fish was mealy tasting because of this.  Again, it's really cheap though, so think of buffet style sushi without the benefit of an ice bath. With a plethora of other decent sushi options in the area, it's worth springing for the real thing, or as close to ad you can expect.
4	First, I think it's important to know that I am not a huge fan of sushi.  Oh, I go all the time, but it's because I like the camaraderie and the saki....ok, mostly the saki.  That being said, I loved the sushi here.  The place is cute and clean, and the conveyor is just fun. I love that the plates usually consist of 4 rolls - that way I can feel like I can try something new without over committing.  The color coding helps us keep track of about how much we are spending too.The service is friendly, and the beer is cheap, overall, it's a great place even for those like me who are not totally enamored of sushi.
2	VERY BAD SERVICE + BELOW AVERAGE SUSHI = 2 STARS.The 2 stars is because the quality of food is below average and not that great. The Salmon looks like its been on the plates forever and has a real slimy look. I've had way better sushi in some all you can eat places!! Basically the only good thing is the gimmick with the conveyor belt. I would advise the reader to save his/her money for a better sushi place like Kabuki.The next bad thing about this place is the atrocious service. They never bring you the drinks or seat you in a timely manner. God knows what the waitresses do over there...they run around as if its their first day at work and never get anything done like clear tables, get checks etc. I've been here a couple of times and I saw that the 2nd time, the patrons were not even waiting for the waitresses...they formed a line at the cashier like Denny's.
3	I had so much fun here! Little food goes around in circles in front of you and no matter how much shit you grab, your bill ends up being like $8.  Okay that was an exaggeration. Maybe $12. I can see how the strongest arguments for a place like this would be price and convenience.  I'm an asshole so I look at it as a type of "Competitive Eating" environment where we are all racing to see who can make the highest plate tower. I realize I'm given a substantial advantage being as I'm the only who even knows the contest is going on, but it's still a challenge. What can I say? I enjoy challenging myself. It says so on my resume. But I digress.The food is okay. The nigiri is thin, but it's also $1 for two pieces, so I'm not going to complain. The rolls are basic but tasty. You only get 4 pieces on the plate, which is good for just one or two people because you can try stuff without committing to a whole roll. It's basically Sushi for Beginners rolling around on the conveyor belt and though I hear that you can special request things I haven't tried to do so yet. The highest priced plate is $2 so I'm not even sure something like Uni or Ikura is an option, though it would rock my world up if it was.Another fun thing about the belt is that it's not all sushi! During my visit there were little bags of trail mix, pieces of cheesecake, a can of V8 (wtf?), and little Japanese sodas all circling around, waiting to get picked up. I like this concept and feel it should be expanded to include shots, beers, Yoo-Hoos and those Lik-M-Aid things the ice cream man used to sell. Those things were so good.All in all, the food probably won't blow you away but it's fun and funny and you feel like you put one over on everyone when you eat 10 plates of sushi and your bill is only $13.50 including the can of V8. A-OK!
4	If you're looking for the greatest sushi place ever... you may want to look somewhere else. If you're looking for a place to chow on decent sushi on a tab under $15, then you've found the right place. Teharu Sushi is a restaurant done in the classic Japanese style, where there's a conveyor belt running along the bar and most of the tables. Along the belt is a gamut of various sushi stylings. Nigiri (raw fish on rice) or rolls, gyoza (potstickers), edamame (soy beans), and other random fare (like pudding cups and Japanese soda) run their course through the restaurant, beckoning you to grab them. And that's what you do. See something you like? Grab it off the belt, and go to town. Each plate is color coded, denoting the price (anywhere from $1-$3). This allows you to have a large sampling of many different kinds of sushi, rather than dropping $6-12 on a single large roll of sushi most other restaurants force you to do.The sushi isn't spectacular, and runs the course of familiar rather than out of the ordinary more often than not, but the fact that you can sample multiple varieties rather than committing to just one for the same price more than makes up for it. They also sell 22oz. bombers of either Kirin or Sapporo for $4. All day. No happy hour special, $4 for a large beer. Amazing.For the less adventurous, they actually have a decent sized, decent priced normal menu too. My wife ended up getting the salmon teriyaki one time when we came here and was very impressed.The conveyor belt is a bit of a novelty, but after the dozen or so times I've gone, it still hasn't worn off. It literally saves this place from being a mediocre sushi bar to being a fantastic sushi bar. Being able to have so many different kinds of sushi and a beer for under $15 is the reason why I love this place so much. Definitely check it out, you'll be hooked.
4	I am not a big fish  fan, but do like to eat the sushi rolls.  I have been to Teharu Sushi a few times.  The staffs were friendly.  Prices are responsible, Happy Hour prices.  However,  the fish quality was not fresh according to my friends, which know sushi.  Arizona  needs more conveyor-belt style sushi restaurants  .
4	I'd never eaten sushi before, and this conveyer belt style was a great way to get introduced. I got to see everything available and ask questions about everything in real time rather than be force to decide from a menu. My more experianced sushi friends raved about it to.
2	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):5 Food6 Service7 Atmosphere8 ValueBy no means the best sushi.  Though weird as this sounds, grab some creme puffs!  Those are great!  But probably just from Costco.They were also unable to figure out when we were done eating (lots of stacked empty plates with no one left eating?), so the payout was slow.  And during lunch table turns should be fast b/c people have to get back to work.Here's the cool part:  You don't (but you can) order off a menu.  You grab covered food off a conveyor belt that rides around the restaurant.  Apparently this is common in Japan.  I'd never experienced this before.  And the items are cheap ($1-$2), so you kind of just grab what tickles your fancy.
4	This place wins the trifecta of sushi:It's good!It's cheap! It's fast!I know, those things combined normally lead to some quality time in the porcelain palace, but Teharu has figured out a way to make it work, and by golly it does.  It's not fancy, the cuts of sushi aren't huge, but it's all yummy and even if you place an order rather than wait for your desired roll to slide by on the conveyor belt, it's quick in getting to you.  One minus: getting/keeping the attention of the waitstaff can be a challenge, but the fact that your potential meal is wandering by you means that you normally only need them for drinks and to get/pay the check.
4	Ok so the sushi is decent - I mean it's definitely not the best sushi I've ever had but it IS good. The real reason I rated it so high was the experience and price.It's a lot of fun to sit there with friends and just grab plates as they come by. It's the most adventurous I'd ever been with sushi, since I could SEE it, I felt more confident in grabbing it. It's cool cause each person can keep their own plate stack, which makes it easy to split the bill. Plates range in price from $1 to $2...some things were on two plates so they were *GASP* $3. Between that and the beer special ($4 for a large Kirin light) - it was a steal. Totally recommend it for a cheap night out with a group of friends!
4	Make sure get there early or call for a reservation. It gets really busy pretty much every night, especially on the weekends.
5	This is a really fun place to get some sushi mostly because of the laid back and social atmosphere.  As most everyone notes, the price point is awesome.  It encourages you to sample a lot of things that you likely otherwise wouldn't.  All in all, The sushi is good, the service is also very good (for those things that are served), and mostly the price is amazing.
4	Ditto on what most people have said.. the sushi is decent but the concept is so much fun! And if you're starving you don't have to wait to order and then for your food to arrive. Just sit down and start grubbing. It's also great because you don't have a true server you have to tip 20% to. We has lunch there today and ate until we were very full... like "I can't eat another bite full".. and our bill was $28.50 and $4 of that was drinks. My main complaint is that the staff seems to hate their jobs. Not rude per se, but pretty curt. Not enough to not go back though.
3	I've been here a couple of times and although I did enjoy the variety of food both times, I found the service non-existent.On my first visit...I had to ask twice for a little dipping sauce dish as well as utensils. I also couldn't get anyone to give me a glass of water.  On my second visit, the line was out the door and people milling everywhere waiting for a table, they didn't want to open the 2nd half of the restaurant (even though that's also run on a conveyor belt).  Again, the wait staff was completely clueless and we couldn't get them to respond to any of our requests.I do like their squid salad, bake mussels and a couple of their rolls.  Their prices are cheap and it's fun to see your food coming and just pull things off the conveyor belt as it goes by.  What kills me that the people who work there seem like they would rather be somewhere else and can't be bothered to give you the time of day.Overall, I would def come back...but expect to be ignored anyway so I won't be disappointed.
4	Met a friend who lives in the area and had never heard of this place nor had I ever been to a restaurant or sushi place with a conveyor belt. The sushi is perhaps not world famous quality but I had no issues with it, and I can't say I'm a sushi snob just a sushi lover. I don't know how often I'll be coming here because it's far from my house but definitely a different experience that I'd do again.  Much like Katie V. suggested it's fun to be able to visualize your sushi and pick and choose and see the plates just piling up. For some you get to feel like a competitive sushi eater...well maybe not but you know what I mean.The service is maybe lacking but if you like to try a little variation on your typical sushi meal this is definitely worth trying.
4	be afraid of sushi on a conveyor belt!  or not.  really, there is no reason to be.  it is good and there is decent turn-over on the rolls and fish.  there wasn't really anything we didn't like there.  oh and cheap, holy crud.  it is kinda like japan, my stomach, and my wallet had a three-way and this was the result
4	Chandler Arizona is not usually associated with sushi but in my mind it is now!I hold this place somewhat above its strip mall location in the suburbsIt is not often I am taken by a sushi place like this because this one is a little tucked away, all quiet and un-assuming ...and BAM! great fish .. Just like that out of nowhere..Cheap! Its like a ninja or something?We got there right before they were closing ( we called and asked them if it was o.k. first) ..things were already being wrapped up.they unwrapped everything and served us with all the patience of a good restaurant.Octopus fresh , ika decent , squid salad delicious..Japanese hip hop playing for music .. Japanese crazy game shows on TV..My New favorite rotating sushi boat type plate place here..And there were three of us and we got out of there super cheap with beer for less than 12 bucks a piece!Stuffed to the brim too!I am a total fan of this place .. it did it for me. Check it out its got mad fish skills :P
3	This place is far from where I live, but so worth the trip! Had some wonderful friends take me here. I love conveyor belt sushi, and I've missed it - prepare yourself because I am about to brag - ever since I last went to Japan. The sushi quality and variety wasn't bad either...although, I was a little sad that more of the different rolls started coming out about 40 minutes after we were there and I had already stuffed my face to the point where I couldn't eat anymore. I was surprised to see they had gyoza and even cheesecake! Both were good, btw. NOW - my only complaint about this place was the two waitresses we had that day.  We strolled in just after 1pm and immediately upon entering were abruptly told to sit down at the waiting bench. Okay. The first waitress comes back and tells us that our table is ready. After surveying the sushi bar, we politely asked if we could wait for seats at the bar. Her response was a heavy sigh as if we asked to be seated on the actual conveyor belt, then she walked away.Sooooooo...does that mean we can or can't? I didn't know, as she walked away from us without an actual answer besides her obvious body language. Come on...I could understand if it was really busy and there were people behind us - but there was neither. So after waitress number one doesn't come back, waitress number two tries to seat us at that same table and we politely asked her the same question - "May we be seated at the bar please? We're fine with waiting." Guess what?!?! SAME REACTION! Walked away and everything... Again, soooooooo does that mean we can or can't?After a few minutes of waiting I finally got my answer (not verbally), but we were seated at the bar. The food made up for the blatant rudeness, but it is the customer service that is the reason I'm taking a star off. My friends go here fairly regularly and assured us the service was never like that before... I'm taking their word for it and will definitely update my review after my next visit to Teharu Sushi.Oh...and after all my ranting, let me not forget to mention something positive - the bill was cheap!!! I seriously thought I ate about $30 worth (I SO was not counting), but it only came out to half that :D
4	Color me impressed.Given the quality of sushi restaurants in the greater Valley area, I was worried about conveyor belt sushi here. I mean, if they can't make it right in the kitchen, how is it gonna be on a roving belt?My worries were for naught.  Despite the 30 minute wait on a Tuesday night at 7:45pm (yes, it was that crowded), and having trouble finding it (there is no sign from the street -- you HAVE to know where it is), it was all worth it.My companions (all fish eaters but me) LOVED it. They said the fish was fresh, delicious, exciting etc. I loved the seaweed salad and edamame to start, and then went for two dishes of Inari, a place of veggie rolls, and then wound up ordering 3 orders (so a total of 12 individual) avocado rolls, because none were coming around.  All that, plus iced tea, cost me $16.  AMAZING.My partner ate all sorts of rolls; her favorite was the I Love Salmon Roll and also the Caterpillar Roll, although she enjoyed the Rainbow Roll and Dragon Rolls as well.  Wasn't impressed with the Las Vegas Roll, and wished that they had more exciting, different, unique rolls (they had one; the Haru Sushi, which she did enjoy).  Her total, with iced tea? $18. Seriously. Oh, and we shared a place of cream puffs for dessert.There were no plates more than $2. The cheesecake had two $2 plates, making it 4, but other than that, nothing, including special orders, was more than $2.  The avocado rolls I had were some of the best I've enjoyed (they were bursting full of avocado, instead of one small piece), and the Inari was delicious. Ginger on the table (as well as unagi sauce and soy sauce), quick to fill up iced tea. I was in heaven.I do wish they'd have more vegetarian rolls so I didn't have to order them. The whole time we were there, only one veggie roll went by - the one I ate.  No cucumber, avocado, daikon, etc unless you ordered them. I also wish Wasabi was on the table, instead of brought to you in a hunk; I didn't want to use it all at once, but I had to take it out of my dish to save for later and put...where?Also, I loved the "other" options, like juice, V8, Ramun (Japanese soda), pudding cups, fruit, cheesecake and more on the belt. Gave lots of options.  It did take forever to get our bill, but all that aside, we will most definitely be back.
4	I would def go here again!  Its conveyor belt style which means you dont have to wait for the waiter to come and take your order and then deliver it.  This is entirely satisfying when you are hungry and impatient.  What you sacrifice is a little but of variety, but usually a little patience and what you are waiting for will come crawling by.The quality of the fish was very good.  No complaints, and right on par with RA and other valley sushi locations.The prices are freekin amazing here.  Where else can you stuff your gut with Sushi and have a $15 bill?  Seriously!  And for those that are price weary, the plates are color coded so it is really easy to calculate your bill as you eat!
5	OMG!SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO CHEAP!Seriously?  $1 for two pieces of salmon nigiri.And it tastes great?!  YES!Aghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, I want to come here everyday!
3	Haru Haru Haru, you are a naughty sushi joint, oh yes you are. You make up for your sub par quality and absolutely horrendous service with the cheapest sushi I have ever eaten. Initially, I would've given you guys 4 stars, because given the choice I'll take convenience and cost over quality 90% of the time, but I would say on average I spend more time waiting to get my credit card back after the check then I do eating sushi! What this place really needs is more staff and a better way of handling the seating. They dont even take your names down when you come in, so if it's busy and there's a line, pray that everyone else is honest about their position in line, because the servers don't care who got there when. It's a cool experience the first couple times, but after that, you get tired of waiting.
4	I was not disappointed by my trip here, even after the stunning review from several of my friends. The Good: Price-wise this was one of the best options I've ever seen for sushi. Items are served via conveyor belt (if you're sitting at the bar) and plates are color-coded to indicate price. With the plates ranging between $1-$2 each, this is definitely a great bang-for-your-buck restaurant. Between 4 diners we came away with PLENTY of sushi for $10/head.The Bad: The selection of sushi is certainly far from the largest I've ever seen. Should you be wanting a wide sampling of the cuisine of Japan, this is no the place to go. None of the sushi was gourmet-level, but everything I had was delicious.I'd highly recommend Teharu to anyone who wants to sample various sushi without comitting to $7-$10 per item. This is also quite the novel change of pace for sushi afficianados looking for a very different serving style.
3	The cost model is very good.  Middling quality sushi but no plate is priced over $2.  So honestly, for my budget, I'd eat here more often b/c it is good for a quick cheap sushi fix than if it was pricey for good quality sushi.The only standouts -- eel and this other plate of krab w/ tuna slice wrapped around it w/ avacado on it.I wouldn't take a die hard sushi fan here, but I would take someone who doesn't eat sushi much so wouldn't care anyhow and would enjoy the conveyer belt concept.
1	While the cheap sushi may be tempting, the service is the worst, and the waitresses have far more attitude than the trade off for cheap sushi is worth.  We went in at lunch and asked to be seated at the bar where there were clearly 5 open areas that would have seated our party (of 4) but they refused to seat us unless we sat at a table because 'lunch is coming'.  Not seating us because our party (of ONLY 4) was too big was stupid and rude!!  We went elsewhere and won't be returning.
4	If I were to sum this place up... I'd say: Inexpensive & Tasty. Service is eh. Sushi is good for the price. I come here frequently. Introduced quite the number of friends who are in town visiting- all love this place, and mostly rave about, "how fun it is." I suppose there is something fun about watching your food travel on the revolving bar! A drawback however is having to wait for a particular roll because everyone sitting ahead of you in the rotation got first dibs and grabbed em' all up! For example, the Vegas rolls. (am I right?!) =)9 out of 10 times I've been seated immediately. For the most part I'd say they're generally pretty efficient about that. It's fantastic to get your bill, only to realize after all that sushi, you've spent less than $10!
4	Good sushi? Yes. Best I ever had? No, but the price makes up for it. Plus I love the conveyor belt. Not that original but I have only found one other place near me with it. Service is so-so but you basically serve yourself so its irrelevant. No plates over $2 and they have a little chart that lets you know what color is what price. I got a rainbow roll, gyoza (potstickers), shrimp tempura roll, edamame, and a cali roll for $9 inc tax. And the time I went with my bf I can't remember everything we got but we were both stuffed (and he eats a lot!) for under $20. Great place to go for quick, super cheap sushi. They also have a menu if you want to order anything not on the belt or if you don't want to sit at it. Definitely my new favorite!
2	Ok Teharu..... it took nearly 40 minutes to be seated. Had we been called as our name appeared on the sign up sheet, it would have only been about a 20 minute wait. You can't have a guy that speaks little english in charge of seating people if he is going to skip them/ and or give away the table to another party. This was not an impressive visit. Better luck next time.
3	Wow, this place is cheap!  This was my first experience at a revolving sushi restaurant.  I think this place is great for a quick sushi fix.  Its not super high quality sushi, but its definitely good and inexpensive.  My only complaint was it literally took us over 30 minutes to get our bill.  We waited and waited and waited.  Its a good thing the food is available on demand, because the rest of the service was very slow.
3	Well i got here in between lunch and happy hour so getting a seat wasn't that much of a hassle.  Like this place because the sushi is okay but prices are pretty reasonable.  The conveyor belt is always stocked with a good variety and also have other things besides sushi on the menu.  The service could use a little work.  Had  a couple of people with me and we must have had a lot of plates because my bill seemed a little more than what we had.  So make sure you count all your plates and make sure the ticket matches the food.  I think i paid 10 or 15 dollars more then i ate.  I usually keep track of how many plates and what color so usually know what my bill is.  I will visit when i'm in the area again but will keep track again.
4	Favorite sushi place by far. Fresh sushi from $1-$3, HUH?! Sushi-sans ready to make your favorite hand rolls, WHAT!!! And everything floating in front of you on a revolving conveyor belt, O-KAY!!! What more could you ask for! No snobby people, no business attire, and no $100 tab for 2 people. Every time my bf and I come here we never spend more than $30 and we're always full by the end of the meal. Some of our favorites: Salmon skin hand roll, Haru hand roll with rice (two slices of smooth tuna, avocado and crab mix), squid salad, seaweed salad and baked mussels. MmmMMM! They also have a small menu for kitchen food, like bbq chicken and desert like tempura ice cream.
2	This place is fun and has and interesting atmosphere. I dig the conveyor belt and the minimal interaction from employees kind of like the automat that used to be in NYC on St.Marks before they turned it into a pinkberry or something. What is wrong with it is the sushi sucked in my opinion. Their tuna sushi which went around the belt several times was grey. That is not appealing to me at all. And I thought their pitchers that they served your drink in looked like someone's water bottle they pulled out of their lunchbox. Did not dig that. Also the staff don't help you so you're left kinda lost to figure stuff out on your own. Teharu you get 2 stars. Fun atmosphere though.Best thing there was the baked clams.
5	This place is amazing! I've been looking for a cheap, good sushi place in Arizona for the past 2 years I've lived here. Coming from Los Angeles with places like Sushi Mac and other inexpensive but yummy choices, I was a bit spoiled. Now I'm even more spoiled! The most expensive plate here is $2! I never even found prices that cheap in L.A. where you have sushi places on just about every other corner. Plus, this place is good! Sure, its no fine dining establishment so the quality is not top-of-the-line, but its BY FAR much, much better than store bought sushi, and again, cheaper.I recommend this place to anyone who, like me, loves sushi but doesn't want to break the bank.
4	This place is way on the east side of town and as such, it's not very often we make the trek that far, but so worth it in every bite. Service is terrible but is well overshadowed with the super low prices of the sushi! Delicious every time! Please open one up on the west side soon!
1	Warning: Bad sushi makes you really sickI love sushi and good deals.  But I will not be goin back to this place.Went w 3 friends to check out this conveyor belt sushiSaw same sushi go around n around n aroundPicked what we thought looked freshAll got sick that night.. Mentioned it at workTurns out quite a few have tried it and gotten sick there as wellNo matter how cheap NOT worth getting sick over
2	Owned and operated by Koreans.Rotating sushi bar.Not very authentic.Takes forever to seat groups.Takes about 20 minutes to seat ppl even if there is nobody in the restaurant.The cheesecake was still frozen when I grabbed it.If I wanted a frozen cake, I would have ordered an ice cream cake from Coldstone
4	Cliff notes- Cheap: $1-2/plate- Fast: It's ready-to-go and on a conveyor- Acceptable quality: I'm here weekly and haven't gotten sick lolThis place is definitely good for what it is, "it" being a budget-friendly sushi place that's great for a quick bite.  In a response to the lower-rating reviews stating how the food is just okay at best or authentic or blah blah blah, well think of it like wal-mart vs. *inserthighendretailerhere*.  This place has a business model based on selling in large volumes (hence the low prices like wal-mart) so they're gonna have to "reduce costs" somehow (so-so quality food, not-so-attentive staff, and slightly smaller than average portions), but it's still a solid bang-for-your-buck kinda place.On top of this, I can be in and out quickly since everything is already prepared, perfect for those quick 30 min lunch breaks.  All that's required is for you to grab it off the conveyor (depending on whether or not all the items you want are on the conveyor at the time). I've never had issues with seating, but do not make a point to go during peak hours and usually go with a small party (2-4 people).For those claiming to be "left to fend for themselves" due to an inattentive staff, most of your sushi-related inquiries can be answered by this thing called "the menu" that sits on the counters.  See, this miraculous piece of technology contains things referred to as "descriptions" on them that help to inform you about the sushi going round-and-round before you.  Furthermore, there's even a pricing guide based on the color code of the plates to assist you further! WOW! Lol wtf do people expect for $1-2 plates of sushi?  Someone to hold your hand? LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL DIAFAnd the cherry on top? $4 large japanese beers and $5 sake bombs! HELL YEAH!
1	Ok... Where do I begin? Decor? Service? Food? Ambiance? Ok let's start with decor...Conveyor belt sushi... Photographs of customers (probably to supply proof people eat here$ Christmas lights inside on trees in July... Poor hand written signs... Very ummmm ugly dishes.... I must resist to say anymore about the crappy decor...Service... They lag on refills and place their arms in your face as they are doing so... I tried to order from the list hoping for some fresher?!?!?! Fish... But the Korean chef picked up a old piece and handed it to ne... Thanks for the old fish...The food... Was ummm... Yeah I'm going to get a sandwich as I am typing this... The fish isn't supposed to be paper thin! Please take the pudding, cheesecake, canned orange, V8 and apple juice off the belt that's hella ghetto...Sadly this is another poor attempt at Japanese food! If your not Japanese stop trying to fake the funk! I'm Japanese I can tell the difference even though other people can't!
3	This place is mediocre but really cheap. We went on a Friday about 7pm with a group of 5, took about 20 min to seat us because the place was packed. The rolls were yummy. My hubby disliked the sashimi because the ones he grabbed had been on the conveyor too long and were warm. Its biggest feature is also its biggest drawback. They should have some sort of marking system for when dishes go out, so that if they're not picked up by anyone fast enough they toss them. It took them a while to get the check and they had issues splitting it.
4	Conveyor belt sushi? Yes please! Quick, easy, good for everyone-including kids (there's pudding, cheesecake, apple juice, california rolls, etc) rolling alongside the crunch rolls, spicy yellowtail, rainbow rolls, spicy tuna, philly rolls, and tiger rolls. Rolls range in price from $1-2/plate. You can choose to sit at the sushi bar if you're solo or they also have tables that accommodate about 4-6 people. Parties over that and chances are you'll have to be split up. Every time I've been here, the sushi's been great, I've stayed away from the octopus stuff though, looks creepy. The only issue I ever had was when I snagged the steamed clams from the belt and they were cold. I think they wised up on that because I never see them anymore. You can also order special rolls on the spot. My absolute favorites are the rainbow roll, tiger roll, and crunch roll! I've been here more than a handful of times and will continue coming back to get my sushi fix!
5	The ONLY thing that concerns me about a sushi restaurant is the freshness of the fish. I am VERY picky about that. After freshness, I decide whether I'm going back, and how often, by generosity, price and ambiance. The main reason that I'm giving Teharu "Conveyor-Belt" Sushi five stars is because I've been there three times now (my husband much more; he goes with coworkers) and I've always been satisfied with the freshness of the fish. The next reason for the high rating is that it's fun, and the third reason is that it's inexpensive.Note: I've always been there during the lunch rush, when there is high turnover of the food.I like that my favorite item -- squid -- is just as cheap as everything else. Yesterday they even had little baby squid legs! The items offered at any given time are luck of the draw, so grab what you like when you see it. The conveyor belt itself is funny. Queues of sushi are punctuated by random solo mutant items like pudding cups, imported soda pop and -- just once -- a can of V8. There is a badly-xeroxed and inexplicably incomplete guide to roll ingredients on each side of the bar, but you can ask the sushi chefs or waitresses for ingredients. I'm not sure why people said the service was poor; there really isn't any service to give, other than drink refills and the occasional clearing of lids, and these are done promptly. (You keep your plates in a stack so the waitresses can count them up at the end. You're charged by the plate - $1, $1.50 or $2 - depending on the plate color.) Maybe they were sitting at the regular tables.Teharu Sushi is a fun place to take an out-of-town guest or client. If you're skeptical, try it at least once! It's not the most delicious tuna or salmon you've ever had, but I've always found it to be fresh, it's a cool experience, and it's very affordable.
4	I have been going to this place for a while now and I say this place is a solid 3.5.  The price is right, the food is average, and the service can be quite slow at times.  To remedy this I have started going in pre-dinner rush or post lunch rush.  You can get in and out much quicker this way since they are typically real slow with refills and bringing your credit card back.  But my girlfriend keeps requesting this place so we will keep going.
5	I love Teharu Sushi.  First of all, for everyone that's complaining about the service, look at your bill.  Aside from the conveyor belt bringing the yummy sushi, handrolls and appetizer gifts your way, the best thing about Teharu Sushi is the bill.  Sure, it takes a while to get a seat or table  but when you do get a seat,  it takes less time grabbing your OWN food off the converyor belt than having to sit at a high priced sushi restaurant to basically serve you the same thing only 3x's the price and wait forever as well.  Cheapest plate, $1.00, most expensive plate $2.00.  Someone tell me anywhere else  they can get a $2.00 shrimp tempura roll?  You can't go into a restaurant with prices so low and expect 5 star treatment.  I'm not saying this is the best sushi place in the world as far as quality but if you're looking for a fun time with company at an inexpensive place, I recommend this place.
1	I have been to many conveyor belt sushi joints before (San Fran, Dallas, Seattle and Okinawa) and I have to give it to Teharu, they have been the cheapest yet. Cheapest isn't always the best in this case. We came in with a group of 4 including our 4 month old son and we sat in the main area right away. It was Sunday afternoon and so there was no big crowd at all. They had a pretty good selection on the conveyor belt but was shocked to see yogurt, orange juice and cheesecake among others that did not belong there. The sushi was OK but what really brings them down in my eyes was their server. While my wife was chowing down, she picked up some ginger from her plate and found hair wrapped around the ginger. We signaled to the server (younger Asian female) but she was busy tending to other guests and finally after a good 5 minutes she came to our table and we informed her of what we found. We showed her the ginger piece and without expressing concern she just says "Oh, I'm sorry". Grabs the plate and walks away. We simply wanted her to acknowledge the fact that yes these is HAIR wrapped around the ginger and they maybe they need to check on their products before setting them on the table. The ginger did not come from the conveyor belt but was brought out from the back. Maybe if they practiced more attention to detail, this would not have happened. We were doing the restaurant a favor by bringing it up and she had something stuck in her behind and did not care at all. It was almost like we made her mad. PLEASE stay at home if you have other issues in your life but don't bring it with you to work because you can ruin other people's day and experience from your business. Thank you but never again.
5	First thing, if you want to celebrate something here with your friends or relatives, makes sure to call for reservation... the place is not that big, and during Weekend, this place it's just packed.Service is fast, there's not that much variety but some worth mentioned: "Squid Salad" and "Shrimp Tempura Roll".... yummy... make sure to drink with a Sapporo... then it's a complete package.The nice thing about eating there is that, at the end, they will stack up your sushi plates... Alllll.... the way up there... it's fun and make the occasion memorable.With not many options in this area, I'd say Teharu is the best in the valley ;o)
3	I remember going to this place when it first opened.  Last Sunday was probably my first in a long time.  The sushi is okay.  Its got upbeat j-pop or k-pop playing.  The atmosphere feels like something that came out of an anime.   If I go back, the sushi is not the reason.
4	I finally got around to trying out this revolving sushi joint. I was excited because 1. I've never been to a revolving sushi place before and 2. I heard it was cheap. I wasn't disappointed.We went on a Tuesday night around 7, and while the place was decently busy, we got seated right away. I think it helped that there were only two of us. There are plenty of tables, but if you want to sit right in front of the conveyor then it's probably best to stick to a group of four or less. We were asked what we'd like to drink, but other than that it's basically a dig in and help yourself kind of place. (And yes, you might have to get your waiters' attention for more drinks or for the bill, but since you're picking out the food yourself, that makes sense to me. It's going to be hard to tell when someone wants something or is done.) Anyway, it's easy to get excited by all the choices going by you and just start grabbing up everything you see. But stuff does come around multiple times, so next time I think I'll pace myself a bit more :)They pretty much offer standard sushi rolls, nigiri pieces and Japanese appetizers. It's fresh and pretty good considering the prices of the plates. The food comes on either $1, $1.50 or $2 plates. For those prices you get slightly smaller appetizers and the rolls have four pieces, but it's still an amazing deal. Some specialty rolls or items are a little more than that, as signified by being placed on more than one plate.They also throw some random things in the mix, like Japanese sodas, juice, and I think I saw a fruit cup. But to me, that's just part of the fun.All in all, I think we stuffed ourselves on almost 20 plates, got two large sakes, and only spent about $40. Had we not completely stuffed ourselves, we could have easily spent less. I'll definitely be back :)
3	I've been meaning to bump to 4 stars, b/c we come here so dang much!  But really I can't... when you come this often, the selection starts getting stale... BRING IN SOME NEW VARIETY!
5	Dear Revolving Sushi inventor, I fell in love with you today, thank you for your contribution to our society.  When my coworker invited me to check out this place with her I jumped at the chance.  Although I was a little nervous that it was so cheap, I was determined to replace my qualms with a sense of adventure. Luckily, we arrived for lunch at 11:00, I know it's early but by 11:30 eager sushi eaters started coming out of the woodwork and had to wait for a seat.  As we sat down the server took our drink orders and gave us our drinks rather quickly.  That was the last time we saw her until the check came.  I can't say enough good things about what it's like to sit down at your table and already have the food in front of you.  The first thing I tried was the salmon sashimi it was honestly one of the best pieces of salmon I've ever had.  Next I tried the tuna sashimi, meh, not so much.  Everything after that was delicious.  My coworker and I just kept grabbing and grabbing.  The plates ranged from $1.00 - $2.00.  When our bill came it was $26, for both of us!  Stop what you're doing and go eat there, you will not be disappointed.
3	What? The sushi comes around on a conveyor belt? What?? The sushi averages $2 per plate??Yeah, that's what I thought too.But this is some good sushi.  It's fresh, and it's tasty, and even if you're on a budget, it beats McDonalds every day of the week and twice on Sunday. We once fed a whole table of six for about $60.  You can't beat that with a bat.  I can't say that it's the BEST I've ever had, but I go often, and I am never disappointed.  I really don't have anything bad to say about Teharu. I'm only giving it three stars instead of four because my damn cream puffs are always frozen.
5	For sushi on a budget, go to this place and eat the sushi because it is delicious.
5	MOSHI MOSHI!Great spot for sushi with friends or by yourself.  If you've never had sushi before, this would be the place to try it out.  The portions are small, the price is affordable, and the sushi is conveyed.  Teharu is a must for the sushi enthusiast.
2	Sushi was mediocre for what I have experienced. The server nor chef knew what agedashi (tempura style tofu) was or how to make. Service was decent but not very attentive. The philly roll and hawaiian roll were decent. I am from out of town and originally decided to go to NYPD Pizza but saw teharu had a good overall score. I guess I should have looked closer at certain people who reviewed this restaurant.
4	I hate getting home from a trip, waiting at the baggage return to pick up a suit case full of smelly clothing. For some reason I love the same concept when it involves waiting around a conveyor for a plate of raw fish.Walk in, and sign up.  This is smart eliminating the need for a hostess that does little.Get to your seat tell then what you want to drink and start looking at the plates. From what I saw most nigiri is $1 or $1.50 for two pieces. They are a bit smaller that normal ngiri. The Quality was decent Not great or gourmet but not bad or scary like you may think $1 sushi is. Rolls come in 4's (spicy tuna $1.50) and fancy 4s  (Hawaii roll $2) plates.  I really enjoyed the Hawaii roll which is just a spicy tuna roll plus tuna on top and a siricha and mayo mix.Part of the fun is watching everything go by and wondering what will be next.  The best spots will be near the cooking area as you get first pick at the plates.We go here early at 5:15 on a rainy weeknight and it was busy so, worries about general fish freshness can be avoided.  However I do wonder how they keep track of less popular items,  like the squid salad or mackerel. The whole hour we were here I think I saw the same plates make over 10 lonely trips around.I did learn that you can ask the cooks in the center for special orders too if you don't see what you want, however I did not test this.They also have non sushi items making their way around, from edamame, cream puffs, cheese cake, Asian drinks, pudding cups and some jalapeno popper concoction.If you want a fun cheaper sushi meal give this place a try. Its not the best sushi but its fun cheap and unique for Arizona.   3.5 stars if I were allowed FYIIn the end they add up the plates and you pay. hooray, I am not sure how to tip at a place like this.
3	Where to start? The conveyor belt idea is definitely a plus and I miss sushi boats/conveyor belts from the east coast. The sushi selection is more on the limited side; however, I was pleasantly surprised of how fresh the yellowtail and the octopus was. The food was a good solid 3.5 stars. . . . so why barely 3 stars? SERVICE sucks! Perhaps I may have internalized resentment growing up in a Korean American community and experiencing various Korean owned and serviced restaurants, but damn these people had no shame. I made a reservation at 7:00 pm and they seemed to be clueless of my reservation. They repetitively asked my name and I answered as patiently as I could. Now the repetivive question was not due to a language barrier but I swear they seemed like they were hoping WE made the mistake. Even after we were seated, they continued to question what my name was and if my reservation was for a certain time. We felt like they were going to take away our seats even after being seated because of their persistent questioning with 2 different servers taking their turn interrogating us. Not to mention, the spilled soy sauce that we almost slipped on near our table. So on average, I gave Teharu 3 stars. I am hoping for better service in my future visits. Good sushi, excellent price, but poor service.
4	Food always taste great but sometimes they lack on the selection and take awhile to update the popular dishes. Service is horrible but the only thing you really need the servers for is to get a refill, if your drinking water just ask for a pitcher. Price is great also! Two pieces of Nigiri for $1 and half rolls for $1.50 or $2 depending on the roll.
4	Let me start my review by saying I was EXTREMELY skeptical of a revolving sushi bar. Fish...revolving, hmm...however! I read all the great reviews and sure enough: Yelpers come though again.I love going to Teharu. You sit, the food rolls by, it's fun!I love anything that's well made, tastes great, and is Cheap.They have a WIDE variety of items price 1.50-2.50 PER plate. I will upload a picture later to show you just how much you can put down at this place and get away cheaply. (Cuz I can put down some sushi). The beers are huge, the portions filling and it's fresh, which is super important when eating raw fish, no?If you're still thinking about it,  JUST GO - With prices at 1.50/2.50 per plate...you can afford to "try it."
4	Not too far from my office. Been here for lunch a few times now. All in all a pretty good spot. Quick and relatively cheap (for sushi). They have a wide selection of items. All of which whisk by you on a conveyor belt. There are even some just plain funny items - cream puffs, jello pudding, canned fruit, etc.. Agree with some others that the service could be better. However, splitting checks is easy and I have never had a problem getting everything I asked for. Have not been here for dinner so could be different. The photos of tables with plates stacked up are pretty funny.
4	This is a great place to stop by if your in the mood for sushi and quick service. The sushi and other items come to you on a conveyor belt which is pretty neat  and a fun experience. During lunch / dinner is the times I've only gone and the food is always fresh and I assume because it's so busy. The food is totaled by the color of the plate you pull off the belt 1.00,1.50, 2.00..I think it goes up 4 dollars a plate. For my boyfriend and I including drinks the total was about $30.00. That's not bad at all for good sushi!
3	2.5 Stars......Well I was hopeful but not impressed. We waited for 35 minutes, and the front was totally miss managed and unorganized. They continued to call "Nick" for almost 20 minutes when it was very clear that "Nick" had left (1 star). All I could do was laugh. Once we were seated, the service was very good (5 stars). We put in our drink order and it was brought to us with in 2 minutes! Nice job waiter dude! The sake was just horrible, probably the worst I have ever had (1 star) and let me tell you I can put back sake. The miso soup was pretty good (4 stars). The sushi was not the greatest. Their specialty roll was good but the rest were mediocre at best (2.5 stars). The price was reasonable but I don't think we will ever go back. My significant other really disliked Teharu, he voted for 1 Star but I thought that was pretty harsh. Anyway, I like the whole "sushi on a conveyor belt" idea. I have been to a couple other sushi places like Teharu and they are always fun and entertaining, but the sushi was much better. Hope this review was helpful for anyone that is on the fence!
4	Perfect balance of value, quality and fun.  My girlfriend and I rarely pay more then $20 and we've paid as little as $12.My favorites are the Haru Roll, Crab Salad rolls and Haru Poppers.Had my last birthday dinner here (where my party broke the plate record) and had incredible fun.Staff is friendly.  Only thing is reservations are not set-in-stone.  Bugs me but not enough to not keep coming back.Again, quality isn't that of a Hana Japanese Eatery or Yasu Sushi but this place is so fun and cheap, I can't stay away.
4	Best value sushi place in th valley. Good rolls and variety.
4	My original review was almost a year ago, and I think it's time for an update. It appears as though Haru has been listening to their customers, yay!!!  They now have a sign in sheet with a sign stating that you need to sign in when you show up in order to be seated. They are still crowded like usual, however it seems like they've hired a whole new wait staff. There's no longer just one or two people running around trying to keep up, they have enough people there now to make sure you're taken care of and you have refills etc... when you need them. Their sushi is still the same, that is to say good when fresh, if they're not busy I wouldn't go for anything that's supposed to be cooked e.g. gyoza or vegas rolls, they get kind of gross when cold. Overall, the experience here has improved and it doesn't take forever to get your check anymore. Much imporved Haru, I'm proud of you!!
4	Good, clean, unpretentious fun.  You walk in, sit down, and can immediately start grabbing from the conveyor belt whatever your hungry little heart desires.  Choose from standards such as nigiri, cali rolls, and gyozas to ridiculousness like V8, fruit cups, and cream puffs.  Wash it down with some Japanese marble soda or just a good ol sake bomb.  The value is fantastic; each plate you pull costs you $1-$2, with a plate generally consisting of 2-4 pieces of sushi or a few ounces of salad.  You can stuff yourself silly here for under $20, can't do that at any other sushi place unless you suffer from anorexia nervosa.  A bottle of unagi sauce comes with every table (heart)The main tradeoff is that the quality's not as good as you'll find at a higher-end sushi establishment, but still very edible.  Also the place gets  zerged during dinner hours so be prepared to wait a bit even on a Wednesday or Thursday.   Service can be slow sometimes so bring a bit of patience.Give this place a try so they make more $$$ and can open a second spot further up north =D
3	Love the conveyor belt with the sushi going round and round. Pay attention and you'll know what's been out for a while so you'll know to not pick it up..... A Mexican making sushi? I knew it would happen eventually.
4	If you arrive during dinner rush, be prepared to wait. The word is definitely out on this place! When you put your name on the list you had better make sure you listen carefully. If they mispronounce it and you don't catch it immediately they will move right down to the next person on the list. =)We have a few favorites and you simply cannot beat the price for the variety that this serving style allows. They also accept any special orders and make them quickly. My boyfriend always orders 2 spicy tuna handrolls and they make 'em huge! As long as you pay attention you can be sure not to get the warm types that have already cooled. Overall, Teharu is a great little place. Anyone we've ever referred agrees!
4	I truly enjoy this place.  I have been here many times, and I enjoy the sushi, the novelty of conveyor belt dining, and the wonderful people who work there.  I appreciate that the plates are not too expensive, it allows me to try new things without the guilt of wasting money, but I have liked almost everything I have tried here.  It is sometimes difficult to get a seat because it can get very busy here but once you do get a seat you can start eating in seconds. You can also order food plates instead of waiting for them to come around, depending on where you sit you can miss out on your favs. Great place to go before a movie! I'm a fan.
4	My favorite place for sushi. The sushi is good and the concept of a revolving sushi bar that lets you try many different types is genius. The price is very reasonable. I just wish I could go more often.
3	Finally visited this place after hearing about it from my sister and her husband. The two reasons I wanted to visit this place; cheap sushi and the conveyor belt that the sushi is delivered on.  Very cute and kitschy. This isn't a place to go if you want to impress a date but a great place for friends/family to hang out and get inexpensive sushi. Loved: what other sushi place serves cream puffs? Granted, it's the same cream puffs that you get in the freezer section of Costco but still - adorable. Your sweet, Teharu and I like you for that. I am easily entertained and came up with many fun things to do with that conveyor belt that may or may not get me kicked out of the restaurant - things like sending notes with the food to other patrons. Funny, yes. Entertaining for me? Absolutely.  I'll probably go back but it won't be a "MUST HAVE TEHARU" craving sensation.
4	It may not be the "best" sushi in town, but it's so much fun. Potato Mountain Rules! Great value.
4	On a BUDGET? Eat at Teharu!Nooo I'm not advertising for them but if your in need for a quick fix of sushi, well then grab a seat at Teharu! Their sushi is cheap, in small portions, and well its CHEAP! Good for college kids on a tight budget. Service is ok and could be improved but...its CHEAP so its works out! Its not exactly a place to order your over the top sushi filled with tons of ingredients but it'll do. Good atmosphere for all ages. Not really a place meant to impress the boss or something...unless their clueless of how sushi is delivered to you on a conveyor belt...hmmm on a second thought, maybe it will.
2	I have been going to Teharu Sushi from the time it opened it was a lot different then. My last few visits were less than stellar. I got a warm piece of fish that made me gag and being cramped in with people stuffing their faces with sushi is not fun. I will not watch people eat for 35 minutes until they decide to leave so I can be seated. When it comes down to it's not a deal.
4	One of my favorites. The food is average and the atmosphere is interesting but the price is unbeatable. If you want to eat sushi but dont want to feel the pain this is the place for you.I suggest the dragon rolls, very good!
3	Very good quality food, the service peoples that sit you down are really lame. Very impatient and super lame! They really show you how lame they are. It's been awhile since I've been there, but hopefully the owner replaced them.You can't hate on their food!
3	Sushi is one of the foods that you really get what you pay for usually...especially living in a place where you're no where near fishing areas.  But hey, I'm a college student and I like to get my low fat sushi fix on a $10 budget sometimes. I'll rate it for what it is: fun and cheap with not the best sushi, but it'll do. If you're not used to revolving sushi places (lots and lots in California), 90% of the time sushi left standing there rotating is not going to fresh and warm. Although fun, if you want sushi a little bit colder you're going to order it from the chef. You're just going to the get the most basic variety of sushi here, and it's mostly the lower grade fishes. However, it's recipe for fun for groups: cheap instant sushi and Japanese beer readily available. Oh and guess what? J-pop and Anime music playing in the background! As far as service, this place is consistently packed whenever I go, so expect service to be slow.Bottom line: Cheap fun with friends, but you get what you pay for....not that great of sushi, but it's price is enticing for any poor student such as myself.
3	teharu gets three stars for the price, the fact that it has a conveyor belt, and the haru roll-crab salad wrapped in tuna with avocado on top. the sushi is meh, i'm not sure why they have servers, and it's usually a wait but it's good every once in a while
4	This is a great place for value, fun and quality - not to mention they get you in and out on your work lunch hour super fast.  You sit down, grab what you want off the conveyor belt and pay by the color of the plate.  My standard favs are Haru Sushi, Maguro Tuna and Rainbow Rolls - mmmm.  If I am super hungry I might throw in Gyoza or Jalapeno Poppers or a Spicy Tuna roll.  Not too long goes by between getting an email or an IM from a g/f saying "Fast Food Bait???" and I always say "YES!"
3	Not the best sushi ever, but pretty good for the price. It's quick and very affordable. I like how everything is color coded so you know how much you're racking up. Dinner for two for less than $20. Awesome.
4	A really cool concept with sushi on a conveyer belt for rock bottom prices.  The quality of fish is decent with a good variety of nigiri and rolls.  I was a fan of their yellowtail and spicy tuna topped with tuna and my girlfriend swears by the Haru Poppers  I'll be back as often as I'm down on this side of town for sure considering our party of four ate for $40!  I spend that on myself alone at a Sushi Brokers or Kabuki.  Different quality of fish for sure but still a great bargain with good tastes.
1	This is my very first Yelp review and I'm writing it to save others the experience I just had. I just ate at Teharu for the first time. Everything was going well, the sushi was pretty decent considering their awesomely cheap prices. The service wasn't the best for sure but my boyfriend and I were totally enjoying the experience....UNTIL....a nasty cockroach crawled right up the wall in front of me and made its way onto a ceramic jar sitting on the counter in the kitchen. No one noticed it, not even when the sushi chef stood in front of it to wash his hands. It crawled in and out of the jar and all over the counter top. My boyfriend and I took pictures of it and still no one noticed. Since our appetites were completely gone at that point (there was no way were going to finish the rest of our sushi) we asked for a manager. There was no manager working so I asked for a supervisor. A lady came to us and asked us what we needed. When we told her she just walked away from us and told another employee to come talk to us. He came over and I told him what happened and he just said, "Oh, really?" So they gave us our check, we paid, and that was the end of it. There was no apology or anything. It was disgusting to say the least. One would think that having a kitchen open in everyone's view would tend to be a little cleaner, but after closer inspection I noticed that the glass surrounding the kitchen was very nasty and obviously hadn't been cleaned in some time and I could only imagine what the floor looked like beyond the glass right where the roach came from. I wouldn't have even given them one star but I guess Yelp requires at least one star.Take a look on Maricopa County's Environmental Services website regarding this restaurant. http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/tabs/results.aspx?navigatedFrom=businessResultsDrillDown&mc_perm_id=217877&business=HARU%20SUSHI&address=9845%20%20%20S%20%20PRIEST%20DR&permitid=SG62199
4	Best friend called and said Teharu? I said Hell yeah! If you haven't been to this place, let me advise you if you are searching for RA or Blue Wasabi( which is my fav place)  grade rolls & prices then this isn't your place. This place is fast, fun and cheap, that's right cheap and your food is on a conveyor belt!! How cool is that?? You pay by the plate and the most expensive plate is 2 bucks! They have a variety of sushi that can please anyone's appetite. I have to say my top 2 favs are the Haru Poppers, which is crab salad mix stuffed into a jalapeno & dipped in tempura batter & fried (oh sweet heaven!)  and the Haru roll, crab salad mix wrapped in tuna with acovado on top (melt in your mouth good!) I also like the spicy tuna rolls, Vegas rolls, krab rolls, philly rolls, and of course the Cali rolls and edamame. Also they have cream puffs & cheese cake and other various things beside sushi on the belt.  They also have Sake & beers & sodas & teas.  At Teharu you can get full on sushi and barley put in a dent in your wallet!  Sometimes you have to wait for seating, I have come during lunch rushes & dinner rushes and had to wait both times, also when waiting on your check can be time consuming as well. But over all this place has a cool vibe to it and its fun. If you havent tried it, you should.
2	You will see that I go here once and while because I have a friend that likes to stop by for a quick hit of sushi.I've definitely had better.  I only touch the cooked stuff.  I don't eat raw anything circling and circling and circling around.
1	Friends from NYC came into town and wanted to try Teharu Sushi. First off, I HATE sushi...but that's okay. I figured they'd have other items on the menu. We were seated and our waiter took forever. Finally I'm ready to order and was informed that Egg rolls are no longer available but are listed on the menu since he started working over a year ago. No Egg rolls? Dang Yo! We just chilled and enjoyed a great conversation and waited to eat somewhere else. I hope to never see this place again.
4	Definitely a place to get your sushi fix.  Yes, you can find better sushi in Tempe/Chandler, but Teharu is good sushi at great prices.
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE! You really can't beat the fun atmosphere of the rotating sushi bar. The food here is pretty good and they will cater to any special roll requests people have and the staff is overall very friendly. Definitely a favorite hangout for my boyfriend and I if on the east side.
3	There are definitely sushi places with better quality sushi but the sushi here is not bad AND it's very inexpensive.  Also some of their non-sushi items like the "Haru Poppers" are fantastic!This place is fun, just grabbing your food as it passes by is a pretty fun concept and adds to the atmosphere of the place.However since it's almost a serve yourself kind of place getting a server's attention to make a special sushi order, get a drink, or even pay can be a bit frustrating.I'd say check it out at least once to see if this is your thing.  People seem to either love it or hate it without too many people in-between.
5	Don't bag their waiting list. If you come during peak hours - expect to wait... That goes for almost ALL great restaurants that don't use reservations (us savvy Yelpers should understand that). On to the food: Don't expect Roka Akor on a conveyor belt! That being said, expect great sushi at an unbeatable price. If I could rank on Value alone, Teharu would get 6 of my Yelp stars. Bring a fun friend or two, be accomodating with your schedule, and laugh about the random v8 juice & snack packs that come around the belt along with the sushi. I have enjoyed every one of my dozen + visits. It is absolutely a "must-see" if you're a sushi fan.
1	As we were being seated I was greeted by a cockroach on the wall who made its way on the conveyer belt. A staff member did pursue to roach but I was unable to confirm his kill. I still decided to give this place a try and it legitimately made me feel sick and it was not my first sushi experience or anything like that. I don't know if I'm just really unlucky but non of the sushi from the conveyer belt was even kinda fresh. My recommendation is to pay a bit more and actually enjoy your food and not struggle to finish.
4	Love it. Lines are long during dinner hours but its worth it. each plate is anywhere between 1$ to 3$. there are a lot of varieties and you can even order directly. if you dont like the sushi, there are other food options availables.
3	Arrived and signed in, waited about 20 min - not bad-  we were next to be seated and the party that arrived after us (since they greeted the waiter I'm assuming, regulars with VIP service) was seated right away... Really? The belt experience was semi-ok and the Sushi is kinda supermarket quality, and you better hunt the plates that are just being added to the belt if you want fresh. It's a busy place but as far as customer service is 2 out of 5 (waitress took about 15 minutes to get us water) Long story short, decent place if you didn't have to be rushed out of there, would consider to go back, after all the food is cheap =)
4	This place is such a great deal!  Sometimes there isn't a great variety, but if you don't see the dish that you want on the conveyor belt, you can request it from the sushi chefs.  They're really nice & accomodating.  They'll ask you how many plates you want too.  I usually only request one, and they put the rest of that roll on the conveyor belt.My favorites include:-Hawaiian roll: spicy tuna topped w/ tuna-Spicy crab & shrimp roll-Haru sushi: two pieces of tuna wrapped around imitation crab & topped with a few slices of avocado-Haru popper (mispelled 'poper'): tempura-fried stuffed jalapenos-Crunchy California roll: I only eat this if it's topped w/ eel sauce (they should have a bottle of it there for you)-Vegas rollThe asparagus roll isn't good.  I've only tried it once, and refuse to try it again.  The rice was dry & so was the asparagus.I would say the quality of the fish isn't as good/fresh as Mido Sushi or Kabuki, but hey, it's only $1-$2 a plate!  Being a petite little Asian girl, I usually eat about 6 plates on my own.The wait is terrible during dinner hours, especially on a Friday night.  However, the good part about this place (other than price) is that once you get table, you can immediately grab plates off of the conveyor belt!  I always end up grabbing at least two plates before actually sitting down & getting utensils from the waiter. :)
5	I love Teharu, I constantly compare this restaurant to the uber expensive sushi places and it not only holds its own but in many cases (like the Vegas roll) it blows places like RA out of the water. The best part is its 1/4 the price of other places. Word of caution is the lunch and dinner rushes are nuts so go at an odd time like 1:30
4	I've been twice and already wanting to go back.  Normally I get my sushi coma fill and I'm good for a few weeks; I kinda wanted to go back the next day.  I'm not huge on raw fish so I stick to the "cooked" rolls and they are always really good; First trip was $10 = 4 plates, iced tea, and tip.  Second trip ... no clue ... a friend paid but I would be willing to be it was closer to $15-$16 range.Great for lunch with a crowd.  Accommodated 8 of us pretty easily.  If you go for lunch get there around 11:30.  Too early and not enough rolls are out.  The fun ones start coming out when more people show up.  But timing is everything - get there too late and you'll wait!  Enjoy!
4	Love the theme here; a conveyor belt with food going around the room and you just pick up what you want when you see it. It's like an all you can eat buffet that comes to you. Lol.Seriously though the prices are amazing for sushi. Price goes from $1-$2 a plate ya can't beat that. The plates that go around are color coded for price so you know exactly what you will be paying. The plates have normally 4-8 pieces on the plate so $2 for 8 pieces is nice. I like this idea for the fact that if I go to another place I have to order a big order and pay a full price for something I MAY not like. Here you can pick and choose which ones you want and try something new without shelling out $12 for something you may end up not eating.To be honest I just got into the sushi crowd and mainly sticked to the cooked and veggie sushi things; BUT since this neat little concept is here I can try something new and not feel like I wasted A LOT of money.The quality of the fish is on par with most restraunts here in AZ. You can't expect to have real fresh fish in a desert. The service is ok at best. I've been there 3 times and have had the same result. When it is time for us to go it is hard to find someone to bring our check. I seriously had to raise my hand to get someones attention to bring me my check. I felt like a kid in a classroom. The first time I went it was busy so I paid it no mind but the last two times I went in the evening when it was slow and had the same problem. The workers there are polite but I feel I am not attened to enough.
2	The ambiance is super cute, but unfortunately that doesn't make up for the bad sushi. I mean, a conveyor belt is super fun, but raw fish riding around the restaurant without any refrigeration is a scary notion. I am not a fish person, so I stick to shrimp and krab/crab (yes, I know krab is pressed fish.. ) and didn't try any of the fish rolls, but everyone else at the table mentioned that their rolls were all fishy.Fishy fish is a sign that it isn't very fresh.A lot of people complained about the service...I didn't think it was particularly bad. You would get the same type of service at any other buffet-type restaurant.It is cheap, but so is Taco Bell. I wanted to like this place because my friend was so excited to go there for his birthday, but I really didn't.
3	We've been here a few times, when we're jonesin' for sushi but don't want to pay an arm and a leg. Is it the best sushi in town? Nope. Is it decent? I'd say so. You can't beat $1.50 - $3 a plate, depending on sushi. The assortment is nice and it lets you try a little bit of everything, from edamame to squid salad to rainbow rolls. Our usual fare includes potstickers, edamame, vegas rolls, Hawaiian rolls, spicy shrimp and crab rolls and the shrimp tempura rolls. Is the fish always perfectly fresh? No, but then that can be true at any sushi place. The only difference is, with the conveyor belt you can actually SEE the stuff before grabbing it. If it doesn't look right, don't take a plate. It's a good place to get a cheap sushi fix, but I'd recommend going for lunch whenever possible. Dinner almost always means a wait, especially on weekends.
4	For the money you pay it's really a well thought out restaurant.  You pay from $1-$2 per plate, and each one has two to four pieces of delicious nigiri and sushi!  Thanks for the conveyor belt of love Teharu!
4	Is this great sushi?  No.  Does this food reinvent the sushi wheel?  Not even close.  Will I have a foodgasm?  Not a chance. When I am craving an amazing sushi meal, I'll go to Yasu.Why I really, REALLY like Teharu:The food is fresh.  While it's not amazing fish, there's nothing wrong with it - nothing here to get sick from.All the standards are readily available and if you want something not already on the belt, they'll gladly make it for you.The conveyor really feeds into my lack of patience.  I sat down, ordered an iced green tea, and started pulling plates off the belt.  Yes, I was eating sushi within 90 seconds of sitting down!The price is a HUGE plus!  I met a friend for lunch - we each had iced tea, several plates with 3 or 4 roll slices, seaweed salad, sunumono salad and a couple nigiri and I was out of there for less than $20, including tip.The place is kept incredibly clean, staff is friendly and Teharu fills a nice niche for a super casual, quick sushi place.  When it comes down to it, I can't always afford to spend what that quantity of food would cost me at Yasu or any of the other great places in town - I like that I am not committing to a whole roll - I can sample from 5 or 6 different ones.Fills the need for the sushi craving on a buget and/or when strapped for time.
5	One of my fav sushi places in the Valley.  Great place to take someone who has never tried sushi or still is unsure of what they like.  Great place to take someone who loves sushi but is indecisive.  Some of my favorites include the spicy shrimp/crab roll, Phoenix roll, and their squid salad.  Plus - you can't beat the Vegas roll - $1.50 for 3 pieces? It's a steal!  Definitely one of the more fun sushi places in the Valley!
2	Back when I discovered Teharu in 2008 (didn't discover Yelp until 2009), it was still this secret little gem that I slowly introduced to all my friends and family (wait, could this all be my fault?!) But now, it seems during any meal time, there's quite a long wait, and not enough staff. And when you do finally get a seat, the selection on the belt is pretty limited since most of the popular stuff goes fast.I was just recently here with some friends and we waited about 15 mins to seat us (3 people). I've been coming here intermittently (I no longer live in the US) but the last few times I've gone, it's just been disappointing. Normally, the staff is forgetful, slow and useless, but at least the last time I went the staff was fairly competent. But we ended up having to order some rolls and the most basic of our order (a crunch roll.. c'mon, a california roll with tempura flakes) took the longest. So long that we asked 3 different servers, and it actually took about 30 minutes to come (when the chefs finally made a batch to put on the belts). But any time you order something expect it to take a while.I hope that they improve the service here - I always loved Teharu, fairly decent sushi at really cheap prices. Not the best, but definitely the most fun. I want to keep loving Teharu... please improve!
3	Go for the novelty.  (For instance there will be random items like Japanese soda, fruit cups and pudding cups on the conveyor belt).  This place gets busy so call ahead if you are going to be hungry.  I like to stick with the simple sushi, (if you get full I'm not ashamed to admit I eat around the rice).  The rolls tend to get really repeatative, i.e. they all have crab mix, mayo and cream cheese.  If you can get a table near the kitchen you'll have a bird's eye view of the hot items and you can grab them while they're fresh.  Sake bombs are $5.00 which is a steal.  You'll eat and eat and eat and be surprised at how reasonable the price is.
5	Definitely my favorite place to go for sushi. The rotating bar is fun and usually has a good selection of different rolls. It's also nice to be able to make special orders and requests. Great staff! Antony is so friendly and personable that I've actually gone in for lunch specifically to tell him about a new job, show him a hair cut, etc..  The music selection is very modern and they do get very busy during certain hours. It's a great place to hang out or do business.
4	another thing I like about Teharu.  If you're trying to get some sushi on the quick, here you can sit down, order up a drink and start grabbing plates.  and if you're feeling adventurous and want to try something new, you only spending $1-3 per plate.
2	The food was OK, wasn't the most amazing but I'm confident I wont get sick.  The staff was friendly but inefficient making it super difficult to actually get a drink in a timely manner.  The atmosphere was a little weird and the iced tea Tupperware was just silly.  Come on, you can't do better than rubbermaid?  For the price, there are worse choices, but I'd rather spend a little more to really be happy with my food.  I'm just not a starving student anymore.
1	So I have been going to Teharu for about 2 years. I remember when there short lines and delicious sushi for a great price. At some point and time they started counting on quantity over quality. The portions got smaller and smaller, to the point where I went this evening and the salmon was literally paper thin. So essentially prices are the same but you get less. What?!Service was not great as it felt like it was understaffed (big difference from the first time I went there).The worst thing was the cleanliness. Tonight was the first time that I saw plates on the conveyor belt without covers on them, which was a big gross out factor for me.I will not be going back until they fix the quality of the food and the service to the old standards of the past.
3	There's a reason people flock to this place, it's cheap. But that's really the main appeal other than the pre-made sushi revolving in front of you. I learned quickly that the staff do not deserve much of a tip because they're not very attentive or trained to refill cups or ask you for your check, etc. I think there's a reason the staff never comes around to ask how everything is going because they'd be getting terrible feedback. Food is okay but even then I've had some bad experiences with getting a roll off the belt and it tasting warm. I dont think sushi should stay in room temperature for as long as they let it. My word of advice is to not get anything that everyone else is ignoring. Its probably been sitting out for an hour or two. Especially "Today's special Conchi" - I don't think anyone's ever actually had it.
1	Wait, a Korean-run kaiten-zushi joint with Hispanic sushi chefs? LOL, NO THANKS.
3	Found this place a few weeks ago on Yelp, as I just moved to the area.Plus: Decent variety of sushi on the conveyor belt. Inexpensive (generally $1-2 per plate); portions are not surprisingly small, but it gives you the chance to try a lot of things. Love the baked mussels. They have small sides, like udon soup, for only a few bucks to round out your meal.Minus: Not much space at the counter, especially with stacks of empty plates and lids in the way. Service is somewhat inattentive; can take awhile to get drinks or a soy sauce bowl with wasabi (they should just have these on the conveyor). I always feel like I'm inconveniencing them when I ask for something. Sometimes have to ask for certain items to be refilled when they're low on the belt; if you like something, grab it while you can because it might not be there the next time around!My biggest complaint about this place is it's always crowded. Even at 3:30 on a Saturday afternoon, the counter will be completely full. The restaurant is a good size, but they seem to keep half of it closed (including half the conveyor belt) to crowd everyone into a small space where the sushi chefs work. Out of 4 times I've been there, only once was the other part open and they were in the processing of closing it down. Tonight I came in around 6:15 and there were 15 people waiting and only half the restaurant being used. We ended up leaving; very frustrating, because they have the space and refuse to use it.
3	Conveyor belt sushi!  Average type sushi for rock bottom prices.  Most of the dishes we got were $1.50, but prices will range from $1 to $2.50.  If you get rolls, there are usually about 4 pieces on one plate.  Larger rolls such as the Las Vegas Roll (which is deep fried) will come as 3 pieces.  They have the usual suspects of sushi: salmon, maguro, yellowtail, bbq eel, as well as octopus, squid, and the uncommon conch (which was too rubbery and tasteless for me).  As well as sushi, you can find ramune soda, pudding cups, orange juice, and various desserts.  They had cream puffs and cheesecake for today's dessert.  Our total for 2 people with sodas was ~23 dollars, not bad for a sushi dinner!P.S.  If you order soda ($1.75), it comes in a prepackaged plastic bottle so no unlimited refills, but it will give you ~2 drink cup's worth.
4	Value Value Value!!!  Yes the portions are small, but the price is so low that is truly great value, plus you end up getting more variety and can experiment a little more.  I see the best value in the Salmon or Tuna Nigiri, because it is only $1 per order.  If you preferred the americanized Las Vegas Rolls and Philly Rolls the price doubles all the way to $2.  Still a great value....For the veterans who love sushi and eat Uni and Natto, you can order them, but they usually jump up to $3 and only made when you order them.    Yes there is conveyor belt which turns a lot of sushi snob friends off, but I don't mind.  Plus, I end up ordering directly from the sushi makers if I don't see what I want on the belt.  It isn't fine dining, but it is great value.Service is a little rough....thus only 4 stars.  This place always seems to be understaffed.  Just be vocal and you get what you need.....My japanese wife and I come about 1 per month and see outstanding value.It is always busy at peak hours, so you are best to go a little before or after peak lunch or dinner times.
4	Solid 4 stars because of the value and speed at this conveyor-belt sushi bar.  Who says good healthy food can't be fast? I have been here about a few dozen times and I always amazed at the small bill for the amount of food I scarfed down.  My little daughter loves it also especially with the eclectic variety of cream puffs, seaweed salad, and soy beans.  The seared albacore is sometimes dry so chase it down with some white tuna.  The Unagi sauce could use some help also, needs to be thicker and sweeter. They sometimes seem to be understaffed because it feels like have to wait a while to get my check - maybe because the food is moving in front of you and you are so tempted to grab just one more plate,, and another one,,, and another one.If you don't see what you like, ask for a menu!
5	My favorite sushi place in town.
3	OK. This place is not good for groups. I repeat, not ideal for groups.  I called this place for several days to make a reservation for my curious diners of 10 and not once was that phone picked up on the other end.  Maybe the ringer was on silent! Well, we showed up, signed in and waited in line. I was nervous because I wanted all of us to sit together. I got the attention of a waitress to tell her about our dilemma and she said, "Yeah, we take large groups but you have to make a reservation." Really? What a novel idea. Imagine my frustration. I told her to make it work.  Surprisingly, our wait was less than half hour. So, you could say we all sat together if only the conveyor belt was not running between our two tables.  I guess it was the best they could do "last minute." Nonetheless, we made the most of it.  I was apprehensive about the service from all the reviews I've read, but I must say the waitstaff was on their best behavior.  I thought they were friendly.I find that it's quite true about where you sit because most of the sushi we grabbed were cold. We were closer to the end of the belt! But we love the saki. We even did some bomb sakis for fun.Overall, it was a cool spot and a nice experience!
5	Yep, I'm in love! Suck it, RA!! I love this place because you can choose sushi from a conveyor belt while you sit. You can also special order an entree as well. I also love how the plates are each $1.50 or $2.00 and the portions are small (3 pieces to a plate) so you're not stuck with 8 pieces when you order one roll. This way, you can sample a little bit of everything. I got 2 rolls, edemame, dumplings (forget the actual name) and my husband got 4 rolls and the total cost? $15! Hot damn, we WILL be back!!!
3	This place is cheap and quick, filled up for about 15 - 20 dollars and thats dirt cheap for sushi. But on the other hand i filled up for about 15 - 20 dollars and thats dirt cheap for sushi. Just know what your getting into.
1	I used to love this place, but lately I've been noticing that they have a bug problem. Last time I was there, I saw a roach looking type of bug scurrying up the wall. My sister brought her visiting friend here, and there was a bug on the plate of sushi. When they told the server she looked at the bug, and then squashed it with her finger on the plate. This is highly disgusting. It makes me wonder, f there's bugs in the dining room, what does the back kitchen look like?I really hate to give this place a bad review, because they food was good, prices are cheap, and who can beat a $5 sake bomb? But after these experiences with witnessing bugs I'm never going back.
3	Teharu is a good sushi restaurant, especially if you are on a budget. The rotating belt carries rolls that start at $1 and up to $2.50 ( I think). It's a great place to go fill your sushi craving and go. I've never waited long for a table and the service is good. The food itself is decent, but for the value you can't really complain. Friendly and clean atmosphere keeps me and my family coming back.
5	I luh dis place. I came here for the first time over Thanksgiving Break and it is probably my new go to sushi place when I'm visiting the Chandler/Gilbert area. Pricing? Great! Sushi? Great! The uniqueness of the belt sets it apart from other Sushi restaurants as well and I honestly feel like it is faster than ordering off a card. All in all I am extremely excited to visit again.
4	As with all my reviews, my review of Teharu will compare the food relative to price. Who cares about service right? Go to China and tell me about service. Food is first and foremost. Nigiri. $1- Salmon: average quality for being priced at $1, wait how can I say that since I've never had $1 salmon nigiri???? its $1 and throughout my 4 years of going here, not once has it had a fishy smell. No fishy smell = $1 well spent. -Tuna: similar to the salmon there is no fishy smell, and is $1, this equates to good spending. -Tamago: not a big fan, had it once, was good. I can't really judge because I dont ever eat tamago but as stated earlier its $1, thus, no mold = $1 well spent. Nigiri $1.50 -White Tuna: generous cuts given the price. I must emphasize price, some yelpers may disagree here with the cuts but relative to price it is very generous. - Hamachi: Great and consistent generous cuts. - Saba: They never have it. Nigiri in General. -Uni: Hardly anyone in phoenix eats this stuff which means its hard to find fresh, its a shame because I love this stuff but am too scared to order it here. -Amaebi: I would not get this, like the uni, many arizonians do not like this stuff. They are unable to turn this stuff over quickly because of this the amaebi like the uni have a significantly longer cycle time, long replenish rate = no bueno! Conclusion- Good bang for buck! Being a supply chain alumni from ASU I am all about being cost effective, and this place is the knees bees of cost effective sushi dining. Get full off of sushi for under $10? This is unheard of and because of that I give this place four stars. Economically friendly sushi is hard to come by, and at prices as low as a dollar for nigiri, if it don't stank I'll have a drank! :D
4	If you want to try something different in the world of sushi and spend $15, come to Teharu! Don't expect the sushi to be super amazing, but know that you'll have fun. Teharu is a conveyor belt sushi restaurant. It's not ideal for groups, as you'll be sitting at a sushi bar, so just invite your significant other and go have fun! The pricing is based on the color of the plate, so you can spend as little as $1 or as much as $100, but I average about $15-$20 a visit (including tip and drink).The quality sushi is average - don't expect anything super fresh or new to show up on the conveyor belt. It may be a great place to take a sushi newbie, as there are a TON of options they create for little cost upfront. The portion sizes are smaller too, so this may be a great chance for you to try sushi you may not have been willing to spend $15/roll on.
4	I've been very pleased with the quality of some of the sushi here and finally I can relax about the number I'll see on the bill when going out to eat. This has been a very fun omega 3 plan you can't get at home. The service can vary though ...after a while of regular visits they were treating us well until recently when some of those employees left. Last visit we were left dealing with the turnover and owner who clearly possess little recall for a good  customer.  If the owner is managing the tables, plan on an unbelievably long wait for your bill and not even a friendly nod for a 50% tip.  Try to have cash in the exact amount as it took 15 minutes to get our change while the owner hung around the cash register doing what, I'd could never guess.
4	Thought this would be a fun place to take the kids. Our 8 year old refused to try the sushi but loved the chicken teriyaki. The 12 year old got yakitori that was a little dry but still thought it was good. We liked trying new rolls we haven't tried before and the fact that we all got full for $30. Yes there are better sushi places but the sushi was still good here and the conveyer belt entertained the kids.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. Its good sushi and a great price. Every time we go its always fun and a great dining experience. It was our little Tempe secret for a while but now the word it out and this place ROCKS~!
4	Teharu is a great place if you're craving sushi and don't want to spend much money. Their plates are super cheap, which is nice for people on a budget, like me. I usually spend $15 max on a meal, including a drink...and that's if I'm really hungry. The downside about Teharu is that the service has never been all that great, and there is usually a long wait. The sushi isn't anything too fancy, however, I generally come here for the low price. If you're looking to have a cheap sushi lunch/dinner, Teharu is the place for you.
2	Teharu is supremely average. The clientele left something to be desired (I guess that's not their fault though), as when I visited it was full of ASU students. The music was some terrible Billboard 100 mix. I don't know, when I eat sushi I don't really want to listen to what's on 97.5, I guess. Anyway, the food was pretty terrible. I do like the conveyor belt style, since it's a cool part of eating sushi in Japan, but I feel like they didn't really pull it off. Instead of a small amount of fresh sushi going around, it was packed full of rolls that could've been there for hours, getting warm (I didn't notice any quality control). We visited a while ago so I can't remember what exactly I tried, but it was forgettable. Tasted like grocery store sushi; very fishy and didn't have a really fresh flavor at all. Even for the price (dirt cheap), it really wasn't worth it for SUCH a sub-par meal. The cream puffs were pretty good though, and I was really amused at the snack-paks and apple juice cartons going around too. I've seen some reviews complaining about the service, but I thought the service was actually pretty good. Just had to signal someone to come over for the check and they were very attentive and nice, quick about getting it to us and giving my card back.In summary, the next day there were stomachaches had by everyone we'd gone there with, so I will not be back; 2 stars for the cream puffs and the staff.
5	So I was very skeptical about eating sushi from a revolving conveyer belt. My little sister kept pushing me to stop being judgmental and try it. I am so glad I did. The price was super amazing, between $1-$3 a plate, which comes with 3-4 pieces of sushi per plate. The soda ($1.75), is in a plastic bottle so no unlimited refills however I have yet to need a refill while eating there. The majority of the seating is at the sushi bar. There are only a few tables there so it is hard to have a group conversation unless you are lucky enough to get a table. I have wanted different rolls than they offered and asked them to make them for me. They made them quickly and without hassle. The staff has always been very nice and attentive.
5	Asparagus sushi, get in my belly!I am in love with this fun little sushi bar. For a few small bills, I can stuff my face with half a dozen types of sushi and polish it off with some cream puffs.The sushi is very delish too. Although, I would avoid it during the dinner hours on weekends, as the place gets super busy, and the sushi isn't nearly as good.
4	O.M.G. people. It's $2 sushi, what are you expecting?Also, to the lady who was saying the next day she had a stomach ache- If you had food poisoning, you would get sick right away.ANYWAY...Teharu is good, if you know what you're doing. Pay attention to what they make and when they put it down. If you are unsure about something, don't eat it. This isn't advice to follow for just this place, you should be careful about this at ANY conveyor belt sushi place. If you're still unsure about something, you have the option of ordering fresh rolls (and other things they don't ordinarily make for the conveyor belt) straight from the sushi chefs themselves. I tend to do that because you get the fish right out of the fridge. I am pretty picky about my sushi, and I was a bit skeptical on my first visit. But I kept an open mind and tried a little of everything and figured out what my snobby sushi taste buds would like. I've been with my boyfriend and friends several times since the beginning of winter and each time we were stuffed for less than $10 a person including a drink.Handrolls are good, and the Haru Sushi is my FAVORITE item they sell. For $1.5 you get two rolls. It's crabmeat wrapped in tuna with avocado on top. No rice. No muss. No fuss. I've had sashimi here a couple times, pretty good except the cook had cut a lemon to put on my plate and THEN put the sushi on it. The fish tasted like lemon, which I did not care for. But that was only one time, and I think he was new/The bottom line is that most of their rolls are average, but for $1.50 a plate it's pretty damn good.
5	This resturant is great. The sushi good and the prices are cheap. I'll leave here completely stuffed and the bill will be like $20 for two people without drinks, with drinks its about $30 - $40 depending on how many saki bombers you have again thats for two people. the plates range from $1 to $3. If its close to closing you have to order your sushi but it is still the same price as if it was on the conveyor belt.
1	Yes, this has dropped to a single star for me after our last experience. We went in for a weekday lunch, so it wasn't super busy. I'd say the quality of the food is the same. What caused the change? The German cockroach climbing the wall behind us. This wasn't a sewer roach. When your house becomes infested with roaches, these are the roaches you find. There is never just one, and the fact that it was in the dining area has it a little too close to the food prep area (which is smack in the middle of the dining room). I'm not generally one to generally worry about a bug or two. Flies come in through the door, etc. Roaches are a different matter entirely. Our last visit was just that... our last visit.
3	At Teharu you get what you pay for - which is $2 sushi. It's not the most amazing thing in the world, but for the price it's a decent experience. The conveyor belt is the main draw-in factor for me, but the food and service does leave a little to be desired. It's not exactly fresh all the time, but it's alright. There are better sushi places out there, but if you want a cheap meal that's decent, Teharu is the place for you.
3	This place is a great solution when you need a sushi fix.  While the sushi is not up to the standards of other places in town sofar as size and taste, it's still passable food, especially if you look for the fresher looking sushi or order stuff. Conveyer style is very fun and adds to the ambiance.  The staff is alright, and the place can vary from quiet to packed depending on time and day.  3 stars for sure, and it'd get 3.5 if yelp offered 1/2s.
3	Heard about it through the grapevine and figured, why the heck not?  We went on a Tuesday evening just after 6pm and waited about 5 minutes to be seated.  We were seated in the VERY LAST BOOTH you could get from the conveyor belt, so that sucked rocks as everything had been picked over.  Still, food was decent.  Spicy tuna was nice and spicy, the tempura roll was still hot from the fryer and the veggie rolls were very crisp and delicious.  The cream puffs were frozen solid and never defrosted.  Didn't get to try any of the salads, but the seaweed salad looked phenomenal.  We weren't given plates to lay our chopsticks on, so we grabbed some empty ones from the conveyor belt as it was hard (being in the corner booth) to get anyone's attention.  They turned OFF the conveyor belt while we were still sitting and munching at our table so a waitress finally walked over and said that if we needed anything to go through her.  Then she disappeared, walking throughout the restaurant.  She was nice....but never came back to us, until we asked for our bill then she got a little bit snotty with *why did we take the plates off the conveyor belt*.  Because we were never given any plates to put our chopsticks on and we didn't want to just lay them on the table or on the dirty plates.  So, they were a little miffy about it since there were drinks or snacks that we could have been charged for (but again, any *normal* person would notice there was an empty snack/soda/juice container on the table to correspond with the empty plate--duh).  I can see how this place would fill up fast and could get insanely crowded.  I just didn't like the fact that they TURNED OFF THE CONVEYOR BELT while we were still sitting and eating--that's a sure sign of them not so subtly saying "Please leave".  Really felt like they tried to rush the two last tables on that side of the room OUT the door so they could clean and close up that portion of the restaurant.  I didn't enjoy that.  IT was a little bit loud in there--reminded me of 90's pop rock sung in Japanese--cute, but annoying.  Definitely could have been turned WAY DOWN.
1	TIP: DO NOT TRY TO GO IN EARLY. YOU WILL NOT GET FED ANY SUSHI IN A TIMELY MANER.This review is purely based on service.So I've eaten here a few times and the service is sub par. They don't get your drinks quick enough and getting the attention of our server can get tricky.Normally, I have dinner at Teharu. Today, I wanted to try something different for lunch. Like most people, lunch is a relativity short period of time. I wanted to grab something and get out. They open 11 am so a couple of buddies and I thought we come in right at 11.We walked in the door at 10:57 and nothing was on the conveyor belt. This was a bad sign already. We should have headed into NYPD for a slice of pizza. They made us wait for about 5 minutes which was reasonable. We sat down. They actually got our drink order pretty quickly since we were the first ones to arrive.The older lady came back with our drinks and by that time, we have been sitting for about 5 minutes. The only thing going around the conveyor was cream puffs, cheesecake, and soda. Knowing that I had a time crunch, I wanted to place my sushi order so that I can finish my lunch and be on my way. The older lady flat out said no. "The sushi chefs are busy" and walked away. I was astounded. Seriously? If your hours of operations say 11 am, you should be ready to feed your customers at 11 am.She came back after 5 minutes realizing what she had said. She asked 1 out of 3 people what they wanted. We order 4 plates of one roll. She came back with only 2!We ended up staying 30 more minutes, attempting to get some sushi. The options at 11:30 were very limited. After sitting for 30 minutes, I didn't see a single crunch roll, Philly roll, California roll, or dragon roll and we were prohibited from making requests.Our meal was 19 dollars and some change for 3 people. THREE PEOPLE! We were ready to get our grub on and eat some sushi and the server basically said, no, you can't get your sushi right now because we are busy with opening the restaurant.This was poor customer service. I requested our bill at 11:30 and it took another server 5 minutes to come back and count our plates.In the end, I had maybe 3 plates of sushi. I was starving still and I took 15 minutes extra for lunch because I didn't want to walk out on Teharu Sushi. I was pretty forgiving but they simply wasted my lunch hour today. I now know to never go to Teharu during my lunch. There is a high chance I won't make it back in time and have my sushi!!!!! :(
2	Service could have been better. Sushi was def non stop and a good variety and you can request something. The only thing is the sushi here is the dryest I've ever had. I've been to other sushi conveyor belt type places and this is okay compared to those. I wouldn't drive out of the way for this though.
3	Definitely a good way to get a quick sushi fix.  The sushi here is INCREDIBLY cheap compared to other restaurants with plates of 2-4 pieces for $1-$2.  However, it might be better to consider the sushi here "fast food sushi."  The rolls are small and pretty basic overall, many are variants of the california roll with different items on top.i.e. california roll+ chruncy topping = crunch roll+ salmon = salmon roll+ potato = mountain potatoand so forth.  The deep fried rolls are good if you can get them fresh, but by the time they come around the conveyor belt, that is often not the case.While I love the atmosphere and the simplicity of the dining experience, this is not the place to get real, authentic sushi.Also, this restaurant is always packed.  There was a waiting list to sit at 3 in the afternoon.  As such, it can be difficult to get the waiter's attention when you need a refill of water or the bill.  All in all, a good restaurant at a good location.
1	Very upset about tonight. Me and my husband come here almost once a week. Tonight I ordered the chicken yakatori to switch up my usual sushi binge. I had had it twice before. The sauce is AMAZING. Upon my last bite i found it sort of chewy so i spit it out. It was raw. I informed the owner and showed her the raw peice. She pointed out that I had eaten all of it. Like I would intentionally share 6 peices of chicken with my husband, knowing they were raw and eat them all? I said I wanted it removed from the bill, she again said I had eaten all of it. I work in a resturant. So does my husband. We never complain about food, we know what quality we are paying for to have such cheap sushi here. Our expectations are low but we are usually happy when we leave. We were very dissapointed in themanner that the manager took regarding to this very serious safety/health issue. I felt like she was accusing me of purposely eating all of the chicken and waiting until the last bite to complain. That's like saying I would intentionally eat raw chicken?  It was removed off the bill, after an insincere "sorry" was muttered to me by the owner. Grossed out I went next door to NYPD pizza to order a salad for dinner instead as my husband paid our remaining tab and  tipped the sushi chef. Working in this industry I know how these things happen. This resturant obviously does not practice safe food handling measures and I'm happy I atleast noticed,( even though it was at the end) that my food was undercooked. It was however the way the manager handled the situation that will keep us from ever going back, not the food.
4	Ok, so their sushi isn't exactly Drop-dead-yummy sushi. HOWEVER, for the price, the sushi is pretty good! It's cheap, quick, and delicious. I've been here a few times with big and small groups and it works either way. Too big of a group might not work though. (It's a rotating sushi bar) so seating would be a little awkward in a big group. You pick the sushi you want to eat off the belt and just grab it and eat it! The prices are based off of the color plates you have, which they total up at the end. Let's just say I myself ate 4 plates one time, and the bill was under $13.00!!! I think it was like 3 rolls of sushi and something else. Now try doing that at any other sushi place. NOT easy, right? :)This is a great interactive place and wonderful with kids because they get to see and pick what they want to eat.
4	I like sushi. I like this place.It isn't "gourmet" by any means, but the sushi is good and quick. Makes for a great sushi fix. The rolls are typical, and prices are right. A great lunch stop if you are in the area. Service can be a little slow, but it is to be expected when the place is packed and busy. Don't be afraid to grab one of the wait staff if you are ready for your check.
3	This place is great if you're in the mood for sushi and don't want to spend a lot of money. It's also ideal if you're in the mood for a casual meal with a close friend or friends. If you're thinking date night, the ambiance is not terribly romantic but the  conveyor belt makes the whole experience fun!
4	Teharu is a wonderfully inexpensive way to get to get a quick sushi fix, especially if you're looking to try new maki or nigiri without shelling out too much cash. Their sushi is not the greatest, but you get what you pay for, right?If you want to try higher quality sushi, this is not the place you're looking for. They also don't have much variety, as most of the maki on the belt is some variation of California Roll with a different topping.  It's a great place for beginners who haven't had sushi before, as they probably won't have had much experience with better sushi and won't need to pay too much for just a taste.If you are coming in during the evening, be prepared to wait a good 15 to 20 minutes before being seated. Seating is limited and the place is always packed at these times. The staff has been attentive the three times I've been here, so I have nothing to complain about.  All in all, this place is good fun! I'll definitely be a regular here.
5	Love this place for the food and the price. It is good for beginners to experience sushi for the first time. I go during the hours that the huge crowds don't gather but sometimes I have to wait longer for the good sushi to come onto the conveyor belt. Coming in as a single person I usually get seated within 10mins with a crowd. The selection is pretty good and when your done there is a good stack of dished in front of you without the high price. I am not scared to keep grabbing more plates.
4	Went there again for lunch.  The selection was VERY poor with huge sections of the conveyor belt being empty.  Thankfully, if you asked the chefs, they prepared whatever we wanted.  I am not sure why the selection wasn't out on the conveyor but, we still got what we wanted and it was delicious.
5	I would eat at this restaurant every day of the week if I could. I love the idea of the conveyor belt sushi. The prices are insanely reasonable. The selection of food and beverage choices is wonderful. I can't say enough great things about this place. It's heaven. You are charged per plate of sushi (or whatever) you pull off the belt. At the end, the waitress tallies up your plates. No plate is over $2. You can't beat that!!! Honestly...I love this place. Love it!
5	I love this place! The sushi is super cheap and the food quality is pretty good! I have always wanted to try a revolving sushi restaurant but I feared they were expensive. Not Teharu, almost every plate is under three dollars...the problem is controlling yourself from overeating because of the prices. I don't think i've ever had a bill larger than $10 for myself and thats pushing it. The staff is wonderful and if there is a wait they are happy to seat you as quickly as possible. If the roll that you want isn't on the conveyer belt, all you have to do is order it from the waiter or if you are seated at the bar ask the chef. I also love that they keep a bottle of unagi sauce on the table--I put that on everything!
4	The only reason why this place didn't get 5 stars was due to service was slow and the waiters were inattentive. However the food and atmosphere made up for that. One of the best sushi places I've gone to. The chefs stand in the middle of the restaurant and make the sushi fresh, then place it on a conveyor belt that circles the bar. It's amazing, fun and interactive. They will also make any sushi "special" if needed. I tried the asparagus roll, which I've not tried before. It's was so delicious that I ended up having 4. :DThe prices are based on the color of the plate you grab. It's a perfect set up. As well as sushi, they have a full menu of items to choose from. I recommend this to ANY sushi lover. Tip: Get there early and come hungry!
5	Ive been here many times, the food is great and at a good price. The drinks are also great (5 dollars for Sake and Beer!) and so is the service. Its alot of fun and there is great atmosphere!
3	Teharu is a fun place to hang out with friends and try some sushi from the conveyor belt. The sushi is nothing special, but it's not bad either. I wouldn't suggest coming here if you can't get full from eating sushi. I'm usually not full after eating here, and the bill tends to rack up pretty quickly because of all the plates you get. However, if you want to try something new and like a good variety of sushi and dessert, this is a good place to try out.
4	I've been looking for conveyor style sushi for awhile now. Went here and was pleased its what they have. The only other places I've been to have been in NYC, dc, Tokyo, and la, so the standards were high. It was pretty good, just wish they had more options. An added bonus is that you are able to ask the chefs for a roll you don't see and they will make it for you.
4	I've been here on two occasions. One occasion it was slower and we were seated at a table almost immediately. The second it was busy but we lucked out and two seats at the bar opened up. As we were the only party with two people we were again seated almost immediately. The food is delicious and a wide variety. The only reason I didn't award five stars is this: I am a soda drinker and if I have to pay for a every bottle of coca-cola I am not a happy camper. I ended up changing to an iced tea so that I didn't have to pay for the refills. A bit picky on my part...maybe but that is me.
3	This placed used to rock but over the past several months the variety of the sushi has gone down. I usually eat the rolls and they don't make them nearly as often anymore. Oftentimes I keep waiting for rolls to come around but then get fed up when nothing arrives so I ask the chefs to make me something.It's a shame because the sushi is cheap.
4	I've eaten here twice so far and I've really enjoyed it.  I like that all the plates have small portions, so you can try lots of different kinds of sushi without spending too much or having to eat 8 rolls of the same kind before moving on to another kind.  I sure wish this place was closer to home, I'd eat here all the time.The staff is kinda meh, but the food is great and if you like sushi at all, this is a great place to go.
5	This sushi place was designed for me. Really affordable sushi all the time (why do rolls have to triple in price because it's not between 5-7pm). Good quality sushi. Great drink prices all the time. My girlfriend took me here recently, again one of those places that are facebook famous for me, as in I've seen friends check in and post pics of plates stacked high but I've never gone. Our check in even got 2 comments of why we didn't invite them! We had about 6-7 plates between ourselves and were stuffed. Also we ordered a sakibomber and for $5 (yes five dollars!) we got a large Sapporo beer and saki. Needless to say I had to give up my keys after finishing that. Our total bill came up to about $25 with tip. I actually can't wait to come back again and you're all invited next time I promise!
4	Let me first say that I came in with really low expectations.  Have had really bad sushi before. Well, I was pleasantly surprised by the freshness and taste of the sushi.  For $2.00 for nigiri sushi, the sushi was decently good.  For those of you who like rolls, think variations of the good ole California roll, mainly, and then some spicy tuna rolls and smattering of others. The sushi is freshly made, not frozen sushi that's been defrosted or prepakaged.  Skipped the fried sushi roll that was there when I got there and still there when I left.  Service was just mediocre, but didn't really matter since the conveyor belt was right in front of us.  I'll be back.
4	I've been coming to this place since it opened, and I always plan a lunch/dinner here with friends when I'm back in town. The novelty of this place is that you get your sushi for a revolving conveyer belt! And they've spaced is so that it goes throughout the restaurant. Good for allowing people seated at booths to also access the belt, bad for if you want a certain type of sushi and need to wait for it to roll all the way around again...I will say upfront that the quality is not the best. And over the years, I think the rolls have gotten smaller... And sometimes you don't know how long those rolls have been sitting out on the conveyer belt, waiting for someone to take them. On the plus side, the popular rolls are replenished quite frequently so those are always freshly made. You can even order from the chefs if there's something you want that's not on the belt. And the prices can't be beat! From $1 for the cheapest, and $2 for the most expensive, the sushi comes on plates of 2-4 rolls. This is probably the best bang for your buck if you want to try a variety of different rolls. I always end up getting full on less than $10, which is pretty cheap for sushi!
4	Teharu is defiantly a different way to experience sushi in the valley that will keep you coming back! The Sushi is ok, its not bad by any means but it is not special either, but Teharu makes up in the price and in the service! Last time i went for 2 people the bill was under $20 (without tip) and we were both full to the brim! Other Sushi places i can spend $20 bucks easy on my self! The atmosphere of the Teharu is very cool, being able to pick and choose what you want when it rolls right by you makes it really fun! i defiantly recommend Teharu to anyone that enjoys Sushi!
5	this is how it works u go inside and sit down the plates start to roll in and you pay for whatever u eat  most plates are $1.50stuffed  peppers were goood !!  must try i paid under $20 for two ppli want to go again !!
2	My friend wanted to come here, because it's cheap and has a variety of options on the conveyer belt. Cheap, it is. Variety, well, maybe not so much. My issue with these types of sushi places is that the sushi seems to get old on the conveyer belt. It's lukewarm and just not great. Luckily for the price, it ends up being okay. If it were more expensive, I'd be very upset with the quality. All in all, it's okay, but I've had better. Also, the employees hover over you. It's really weird. And when the lady was determining how much we owed, she was leaning over us and rearranging the plates and making a mess. So, we're left watching her and waiting and not paying attention to each other. It was just weird. Another lady hovered when she wanted to grab something in front of us. Just odd behavior and not very restaurant-like.Will I jump at the chance to come to this place again? Not at all. There are worse options, though, I suppose.
3	I love the concept! This place is great for groups because you can try a lot of new things, and if you don't like it, someone else in the group will. Going with a group also reduces your bill, so it comes out to $7-10 per person. I think the quality of the sushi is lacking, but I don't think anyone expects beautiful, decorated rolls when the chefs are producing dozens of rolls in minutes. The fun of selecting sushi off a conveyer belt, and the practicality of doing this with a group are what keep bringing me back. The rolls themselves aren't the best though.
4	I LOVE this place. The selection isn't as large as some other sushi restaurants (that's why I didn't put five stars), but you can't beat the price. My husband (a big eater) and I leave *stuffed* for around $25. That's by far the least expensive price we've found for a sushi dinner.I agree with some of the reviews that said you don't know how long the sushi has been sitting on the conveyor belt. However, I'm guessing those people aren't aware that you can order the sushi you want - and it's made fresh for you. We either keep an eye out for the sushi that has been put out the most recently or ask the chef/waitress for the rolls we want. Just ask for a menu; it shows the different types of rolls you can order. Tip: go with the "Haru Sushi;" it's my favorite!
5	Been here many times. Always great and fun.
5	THANK YOU, YELPSTERS, for giving us the "courage" to branch out! We are having sooo much fun trying independent places instead of big chains; we are discovering a new world of great places right here within a few miles of us...Based on what others say, I think we made a good decision in going when Teharu is busy, a Friday night. 2 of us waited about 15-20 mins for seats, which was fine. Because they were so busy, all of the sushi we had off the belt was fresh & delicious, lots of variety. It's not super high-end gourmet sushi, but we didn't expect that from a volume revolving place. A nearby diner ordered special custom items & said he's happy every time & that the staff is wonderful about special requests. He also says the variety is constant, regardless of traffic flow.We tried a bunch of different things. We like the belt, as we branch out from menus; "What the heck? It's $1.50/$2, let's try one!" Although of course personal preference plays into it, all were really good in flavor & quality. I had plenty & my teen stuffed himself (that means a lot of plates), plus a soda & a $4 big asian beer, all totaled about $24. WOW.
4	Fun with a capital Fun. Conveyor belt sushi has been all the rage in japan for 50 years, but this is the first for the valley. Pretty good quality, low prices and great selection. Remember conveyor belt sushi etiquette - take only from your side and not the other, if you touch it - you have to take it. Stack plates according to price and color and have fun!
2	Who would have thought a sushi place with a conveyor belt would be found in the middle of the desert?  Well, when we found this place, my husband and I couldn't resist and decided to give it a try.  When we arrived, it was really busy, the seats around the "bar" area was completely full, but it looked like some people were getting ready to leave.  Eventual, it came time for us, and we were seated at the very end of the belt, right before it disappeared into the back.  At first, it seemed there was a good selection, we began to pull off plates, and then we began to realize that everything was spicy.  Then one by one, we began to regret our choices, the fish didn't seem so fresh, and anything that wasn't spicy, was not too fresh, I guess they make it all spicy to hid the old stuff.I think it was a good try, but doesn't hold up to our standards, we have had some great sushi, so this isn't our kind of place.
4	I always thought I didn't like sushi! I've had friends take me to pricey, fancy sushi places - I tried many things, including eel, but I just didn't like anything. Plus, there were many dishes of sauces that no one at the table was using, or could tell me how to use. WTF?     I really, really didn't want to go for sushi, but I *did* want to hang out with my friends. I figured I could grab a California roll or two, and grab a burger or something later if I wanted.     But I found stuff here that I liked! I mean, REALLY liked! There was a list of what's in each roll, but on this day there were a LOT of dishes that weren't on the list. Some of them my friends could tell me, some not. They also had fun stuff like "Haru poppers", which are chilies with stuff in them. Not sure what, but it was good! I also don't know what's in the "Tiger Roll", but I was adventurous & it looked good, and since it was on a $1.50 plate, I took a chance. Not only did I love it, but I could confirm for one of my friends that it was a non-spicy dish, lol.     None of us care for wasabi so those dishes went untouched ... most things like the Spicy Shrimp & Crab rolls didn't need anything added, but the Tiger Rolls benefited from a couple of drops of soy sauce. I didn't know what the usagi (or whatever) sauce was, but it tasted like a soy bases fish or eel sauce. I didn't care for it, but I like having choices.     And that's what's great about this place! You can look at the food, and think "Hmmm, maybe not". You can have green tea hot or iced, or you can have soda or beer or plum wine! It wasn't that busy so there were a lot of empty spots on the conveyor, and I never did get a Philadelphia rolls 'cause everyone else grabbed them, but I definitely had a good time with friends & filled up on food I loved for $10!    One of my favorite things is the weird random stuff. Sometimes you'll look at the conveyor and there will be a can of Vienna sausage, Spam, mixed fruit, or a cup of chocolate pudding. I'm wondering how many people get dragged to sushi against their will by friends - this way, you can say "MAN, ok, we get it, you don't like sushi, here, have some Spam!" I almost grabbed the pudding because FUNNY, but I'd already had the little ice cream puffs thingies (YUM), so I didn't. Maybe I'll have some Vienna sausage next time. Nah ... too many yummy dishes!
2	Very disappointed with service. We arrived a few minutes before a party of 3 people and signed in well before them. We were completely ignored. We were a party of two. No seats at bar area. Party of 3 seated at open table instead of us. We were told the table was too big for us. 10 min later we were seated at the same size table. We were never given a menu as the other table was.  Hostess was very rude. We ordered several items not on the conveyor belt. Half of it arrived and we had to reorder the other half as they "lost" the rest of what we ordered. Definety a bad experience. Obviously this restaurant only wants large parties as we have come with large groups in the past and had good experiences.
4	Good eats low price. Rotating sushi on a conveyor belt. No soda fountain so no free refills. Fresh fish, only place I can eat sushi till I explode for under 25 bucks for 2 people. Yumyumyum
4	First time came here.I'm Japanese but taste is good and cheap.My family like!
5	Good sushi and Kirin beer as usual.  Buzzing atmosphere!!
4	For the longest time I've had my friend Tiffany tell me all about this sushi bar called Teharu that sits right next to NYPD Pizza, at the intersection of Priest and 48th Street. It seemed like a good place for a fun dinner, and I've always been one to open up my appetite to new places, so I gave in on my friend's requests to go. Teharu was fairly close and I wasn't really going out of my way to try this new place. The location was about three or four miles away from where I live, give or take a few miles.  When we got there, the exterior of the restaurant looked very plain. With tinted windows and boring, gray letters that read "Teharu" across the top, I was already feeling doubt about this place before I even walked through the door. When we ventured in, it was like a slap in the face. Why? Well everything on the inside completely contradicts everything on the inside. The place was about half full, not too busy it seemed. Lots of faces were smiling and there were a lot of cheerful conversations going on through the atmosphere. In front of us was a little stand that had a sign that said "Sign in and wait to be seated". We were there for no longer than a minute or two before a small waitress with a huge grin came and greeted and seated us. We had seats right in front of the conveyor belt which was really exciting for me. Right when we sat down, the waitress had already been asking for our choice of drinks and anything else we needed. Practically right in front of you, there is a chart, with different colored plates labeled with different prices ranging from 1.50 to 3.00. So right off the bat I already knew that this place wasn't expensive at all, when usual sushi bars are a bit pricey, charging almost 6 or 7 dollars a plate. As I see each plate of sushi coming and going, I certainly didn't know where to begin. I had a few doubts, because with the plates continuously rotating until someone picks them up, you never knew how long the food was sitting there. Yet no one seemed to have a problem with it, so it must've been safe to eat! I've always been a big fan of sushi and the endless combinations of fish and vegetables so I couldn't wait any longer. The first plate I picked up was called a Spicy tuna roll. The plate was blue, so according to the chart in front of me, it was only 2 dollars. The first bite tasted exactly like how the name was, tuna and spicy. It was more delicious than what I expected it to be, so I downed the other 3 rolls right after the other. Another thing that I really loved about this place was that everything was convenient. All the sauces and napkins that you needed was already right at your table, so there was no need on asking a waiter for one. Although the workers came around and asked how we were doing often, there wouldn't be much of a problem to ask them for a thing or two. They were always right there if we had any questions or needed anything.A few conversations later I had already went through a few plates of sushi, and I had to admit I was getting very full very fast. I had another plate of Spicy Tuna rolls, along with a plate of tiger rolls, salmon rolls, california rolls, and dragon rolls. Even though the names on some of the selections were quite unusual, the taste brought it justice. There's a wide variety of selections, so even though some didn't seem appealing to me, I was sure that other customers were glad to have them. When the waitress has asked if we were ready to go, she had our check and we were out the door very quickly. I loved the employees, the food, and the environment. I will definitely be back soon, hungry for more.
4	Delicious and economically sound!!
4	Came here with a group of friends. It's my second conveyor belt driven sushi place I've been too and I like it! Their were some rolls I never had before and they are suprisingly affordable, like really afforable! They also have $4 Asahi beers! Now I'm in! The service here is pretty chill, and they all look great! They also place music that I like here, I don't know how many times I wanted to just fist pump while enjoying my drink and sushi!
5	I Love this place. I eat here either take in or take out at least 2 times a week!I also agree with some of the others. I love the fact that I can try something new without committing! I love the revolving sushi. I also do not like that there are a lot of spicy selections. Why not offer the spice on the side. I would love some of the sushi, but it has that spicy sauce on it.Some of the best to offer that some people might not know about:Haru sushi - Tuna stuffed with crab and topped with avocado!Hand rolls - YUM!!! Some are only 2.50Udon - Good!The staff is great. The wait can be long on some days or eves.Love the baked scallops. Great mussels too.
4	Check out my blog review and photos:http://food-tales-and-other-fun.tumblr.com/post/32854067880/
2	It's a cool concept, conveyor belt sushi, but the service isn't as good as the sushi and the sushi is only mediocre at best.It's always crowded when I go, but they only seat people at the "bar" are where the conveyor belt is. Granted that's what most people are there for, but it seems there is a conveyor belt(s?) that go around the majority of the restaurant, but only the one around the bar is ever in use.Last time I was there,  someone in another party had to ask for a booth to be bussed after it sat there for 20 minutes untouched, my name got skipped on the list so 4 people that came in after us got seated before us. I said something to two different servers and was told "oh sorry, I don't know how you were skipped, you'll be next" before we actually got seated.The first time I went, I had a similar experience but thought it would be a fun place to take a friend. This second time proved that it's not worth going out of my way for
4	My wife and I love this place. The only bad thing is not getting a table and getting sat in the crowd of people around the main conveyor belt and prepping station. Most of the wait staff is pretty friendly, there a few who just go through the motions and don't give such a great experience. We love the sushi here and it is great bang for your buck.
4	The reason I am giving 4 stars is not because this is the best sushi in the valley. This was my first conveyor belt sushi experience. I was happy to see that most of the rolls had a cover over them. ( This was a concern of mine) SO..the Four stars-there were several really great rolls and the fresh tuna was AWESOME. Some of the selections were just ok, but still worth eating. There were 3 of us that night and we all got stuffed- to the MAX- for 27 dollars- TOTAL! The price is right, the food good and we all had a great time choosing the rolls and trying different selections. Definitely would visit again.
5	Absolutely love this place.
5	Great sushi, great sashimi, great rolls, great food all around.  They do have other options than what is on the conveyor belt, but why wouldn't you want to grab the fresh food that's stolling by as you sit peacefully.  We go at least once a month.  Dinner during the week is a lot easier than anytime on the weekends or Fridays.  Hooray for delicious food on the move! If you're not hungry, don't pull more food off the belt. Only take what you want--perfect for sharing.
1	DO NOT EAT Sushi HERE!!! It's only 1 step above gas station sushi. We tried it for the 1st time. All of our sushi was cold, service was poor, selection was limited & the rolls only had names but no descriptions of what was in each roll. If you want great sushi-go-round, I suggest you go to Seksun sushi. It's only 10 minutes away & everything is great there.
4	Teharu is one of my favorite sushi bars in the valley...but to be honest, it's mostly because of the staff and atmosphere.  I've always received exceptional service here. And, let's face it, once you've gotten your food delivered on a conveyor belt, "normal" restaurants just aren't as fun anymore.In terms of quality, I can't say Teharu is the best. Sometimes the sashimi tastes like it's been on the conveyor belt for a bit too long. But the variety is great, and for $1-$2 a plate, I can't complain!
4	This place was awesome! Great food, great prices! The service was a little slow when needing drinks or special orders but it was really busy that night too. This was my first conveyor belt sushi experience and it left me craving it more after gorging myself the one night. Will definitely be returning!
4	Sushi goes on conveyor belt, rolls them in front you, and you take the ones you like. It's that simple. They count up your plates at the end and charge you. You can come here and eat all the $1 sushi you want!Sushi is cheap. If you get $1 plates, you can spend $7 for 14 pieces of sushi. if you get the rolls, it will be more expensive. Please do not get the can of fruit or cheesecake. Those are designed for suckers.The sushi is not premium sushi or prepared with the best technique. But for a fun atmosphere, cheap food and this gimmick with the conveyor belt, this place hits the spot. Just don't come during dinner and you could be waiting 30 minutes to get seated. I come here because all of my friends love this place. And what's eating sushi without good friends, right? :)
4	Went here with one of my girlfriends after a photoshoot, was my first time here and I was pretty dang happy! Quality ranges from meh to really good, just depending on time and stuff. I'd assume don't go near closing- they'll stop making fresh stuff to put on the belt. Common sense, yo. The service was great, everyone was super nice, and even though we had to wait for a table it wasn't long or obnoxious. If I'm in the area again, I'll definitely be back!
4	Had sushi with my daughter and it was a fun experience, not too expenisve and the sushi was pretty good.  The conveyor belt makes it fun - just grab what you want.  The price is very reasonable, one downside is the tendancy to want to make your stack of plates as high as possible, leading to some over eating, but all in all a great place to visit.
5	My wife and I love this place. The Teharu roll is my favorite. Sometimes it is on the belt but most of the time you have to ask for it. No worries as they make it fast and bring it to you.
4	We werre introduced to this type of sushi place by our daughtger in Portland, OR.  Loved it there so when we found out there was a similar one near us we decided to try it.  Terharu Sushi turned out to be an excellent place and the food was fresh and served well.  This time, we only sampled the items on the conveyor.  Thanks to the folks on either side of us, we'll go for some of the specialties they suggested the next time.  We went at about 6pm on Monday and the wait wasn't bad.  By the time we finished, there were several parties waiting, but we were told that Saturday nights there are usually people wating outside.  We will go back again!
3	Edible, but not the best food. Cool environment though.
2	the sushi is a good deal & tastes good. decent selection. the service however had us pretty mad by the rime we got out of there. Horrible! our waitress dropped off our drinks & that was it. i had to flag down a chef for more chopsticks, another waiter for a refill, which her slammed down at the end of our table where i couldnt even reach it. we had to stand up & wave to get our check. the staff showed no interest in helping anyone & hung around the cash register most of the time. we wont be going back
5	I really like this place.  I mean, I really really like it.  I can eat a bunch of delicious sushi and get completely full and drink a coke and spend less than $15.  The atmosphere is comfortable, the lighting is cozy and the service is good.  The only problem I have is that they're so good at what they do that every time I go I have to wait to be seated.  So maybe they could expand and somehow get more seats.  That's just my opinion.KU
4	Want a cheap, fun & fast sushi experience? This is it!! If you're a sushi snob, this place may not impress you since the sushi is somewhat mediocre (you get what you pay for!) although it's definitely worth checking out. The sushi comes on plates (ranging from $1 to $2.50) and travels on a conveyor belt around the sushi chefs - definitely a fun experience! There's a variety of rolls and salads to choose from, as well as random things like Asian soda, juice, pudding, cheesecake and cream puffs.  It's can be a hit & miss depending on the time of day and how busy it is. Lunch & dinner time may have you waiting a while. Be sure to get your name down immediately on the notepad by the door and write how many people are in your party. The staff are friendly and attentive. Once seated, how much time and money you want to spend is entirely up to you! It's definitely a great place for a quick lunch! I go there at least once a week for my sushi fix!  Although what's offered is on the belt, you can make requests for items you don't see. Overall, I'd say this place is enjoyable. The atmosphere is relaxed, casual and clean. Definitely a must-try! Bring your friends and family! At the end, stack up your empty plates! You'd be surprised how many you end up with when you're not paying attention! ;) Enjoy!
3	After trying this place out recently, I have to agree with many of the reviews on the fact the price is right but not great quality sushi. I did like the concept of sitting down and immediately start eating. The variety was nice but the food itself was luke warm at best (I like my vegas roll and dumplings warm). The best thing I ate was the "I love salmon" roll. Service was OK, our drinks took a while to get to the table and staff was a little too casual for my liking. Our waiter pretty much insinuated I should be able to handle drinking a large beer because thats all they serve in the beer I wanted. When my friend asked for ginger ale, the waiter laughed and said "we dont have that". When she ordered lemonade, he brought back an arnold palmer. I get they were busy but a little attention would have been nice. Overall, I would probably come back for a quick and cheap meal but I can't say I will be running back anytime soon.
3	I'm not exactly sure how to rate Teharu....PROS-Cheap sushi, You can order anything, Service is pretty good, not too long of a wait, they have eel sauce on the table!CONS- the occasional food poisoning.My advice is to keep a keen eye on how many times a certain dish goes around, NEVER take the last piece, order most dishes through the waiter/waitress.
4	Since the other "conveyor belt sushi" place in Chandler closed, this is the only kaiten sushi place in town, but don't fret, because I think it's at least worth a try, if only to satisfy your curiosity's sake. When you first walk in, there is no host stand, but only a notebook on which to write your name and the size of your party. This place gets jampacked at most times, so plan accordingly. Once you're seated, your eyes will be greeted by the variety of the items, and how cheap everything is. It's not first rate sushi by any means of the imagination, but it's certainly reasonable if you're in the mood to shove fistfuls of sushi in your mouth. Definitely worth a try in our book, and we should know, because we keep coming back and "trying" this place dozens of times already.
5	We really enjoyed the revolving sushi bar. It was good sushi, reasonably priced. Our servers were friendly. The revolving bar has so many choices!! Sushi is priced $1-$3 for about 3-4 rolls. The selection is great, I tried so many new things. We also had the cheesecake @ $3. The beer is $3 or $5 (depending on size) for Japan imported. At those prices - Its like happy hour all the time!
3	This place is fun because of the conveyor belts... but it sucks when you have to wait an eternity to get seats. If you can call ahead then do so! The good thing about it being busy is fresh sushi but the downside is waiting forever to get those rolls. If you can't find what you want you can always order it which is nice. I think the prices are decent, most plates are $1.5-$2 for 4 pieces of sushi. Do not go there on a Sunday night... I feel like that is when the sushi looks like it has been sitting out for awhile. I won't say it is the greatest sushi but for the price it is just fine. I do love the "harupoppers" though but I'm not sure if those count as sushi.
4	Been here for 5 years, at least once a month, lines are getting longer, but thats because prices are getting cheaper, but the sushi is always consistently good and its always a fun and cheap experience. It's not cuisine food but it kills the sushi craving and also I've never gotten sick!! I think I've recruited 20 new friends to this place =)CONS-I wouldn't eat the mussels or octopus here, I dunno about its quality, but it just tastes "fishier" to me than finer sushi restaurants...
4	Love Love LOVE sushi! I've actually been going to this place for a few years now and I love it. There are two things that I absolutely love about it. It's incredibly inexpensive and the sushi comes on a conveyer belt! What more can you ask for. =PI think that the sushi itself is quite tasty for the price you pay. Each plate is between $1 to $3. Not to mention they have such a variety of sushi to choose from. Not only is the sushi cheap but even the drinks are reasonably priced! You can get a beer or glass of wine for $4. I usually HAVE to come here at least once a month to get my Teharu fix in for the month because I seriously love this place. I'm little so I'm usually full after maybe $3 or $4 worth of sushi. lol. My favorite roll there is the baked scallop roll. It's basically a California roll with baked scallop on top and it comes out nice and warm for you. =)The staff is also very friendly and helpful. They're very good at bringing you what you need quickly, no doubt about it. I think one of the  downfalls is if you come in the evening or on the weekends there is a pretty long wait to get seated. Also, if you come during the day or when it is less busy they don't have a big variety of a sushi selection like they would when it was busy. But don't worry, because it is DEFINITELY worth the wait. =)
5	I tried this place for the first time today, and loved it! It's a revolving sushi bar with a conveyer belt running different types food, dessert, and beverages around the restaurant. The most expensive plate is $2.00, and the cheapest is $1.00. Each plate of sushi is about 3 to 6 pieces depending on how big they are. It's a great way to be brave and explore different types of sushi w/out breaking the bank. The fun & casual atmosphere is sure to enhance your dining experience!
3	Been craving to go to this place forever, but since I don't live in this side of the city, I usually don't come here, until recently ...Went there for late lunch around 3:30pm on a Thursday afternoon, Wasn't very crowded at all since it was way past lunch time.  Sat down by the windows, didn't start picking out the plates of food until we received our drinks.  Each dish cost differently depends on the colors of your plates.The food is okay, not excellent, but it gets expensive soon after we started eating.  Service was good, drink was cold enough which is definitely a plus since we live in Phoenix and you know how the temperature in Phoenix gets during summer time.Will definitely go back again if I'm in the area again.
3	I have a standing date with my boyfriend at the Teharu in Scottsdale every other Friday and we decided to bring a friend of ours to the one in Tempe because we loved ours so much and this was close to her. The two experiences were worlds apart. When we walked in, the tables half of the belt was closed and only the bar was seating, as is typical for slower hours, but there were about six other parties waiting when we walked in the door and another six or so had come in by the time we finally got seated and it wasn't until halfway through our meal (and who knows how many more incoming parties) that they finally opened the other half of the belt and began seating at the tables. I can't see any excuse or justification for a business to willingly keep half the seats in their restaurant empty when there are about 20 hungry paying customers waiting at the front.Even though we were off to a bad start, the food and service were both good. Not wonderful, but good, though not nearly as good as the Scottsdale counterpart. Three stars because the service (once we were seated) and the food were good but not good enough to make up for the fact that they were happy to allow scores of patrons to stand there for 15-20+ minutes staring at the empty tables they aren't being sat at.
4	I came here for lunch the other day and I liked it.  I didnt think the food was as zippy and flavorful as it could've been, but it all seemed perfectly fresh.  (And yeah, in case you wondered, my yardstick for a freshnes assesment on a sushi joint is if I had to spend that night curled up in the fetal position on my bathroom floor, white as sheet and drained of all color, weakly clutching a wastebasket and praying for the sweet, blessed release of death.  And the good news is that DEFINITELY didn't happen.)The food was cheap and I really appreciated that part of it as it's getting harder and harder to afford work lunches that consist of something more than a PB&J at my desk.  I think the most expensive item on the rotating sushi belt was about $3 a plate.  The service was friendly and prompt and I have no complaints there.  The only suggestion I'd make is to make sure to have your doors unlocked on the second that you advertise that you are open for business.  I walked up and tried the door at almost 5 minutes past 11:00 and it was still locked and I had to stand there like a fool waiting for someone to come and unlock it and let me in for lunch.  Overall not a big issue, just a minor observation.Anyway, this was a unique experience for a very small outlay of money, and for me that is a recipe for a return visit!  ;-)
2	Don't come after 10pm even though they close at 10:30. They won't make you any rolls and the line is bare!! As ive been coming here recently, the quality has degraded and the service is horrible, regardless of time of day. i used to love this place but not so much anymore.
5	Pretty good food, cheap and delicious!
3	One of my favorite sushi places for lunch. It is a revolving bar so if that creeps you out, then I would stay away from here. The prices are ridiculously affordable and the sushi is good and more fresh than you would expect. There is ALWAYS a wait I have found which is obnoxious, however the wait is never more than five to ten minutes. Not the best sushi I ever had but a convenient and cheap option! My favorites here are the baked mussels, las vegas rolls, and spicy crab and shrimp rolls!
1	Here is the deal. I have raved about this place to everyone - forever. Great deals, fun atmosphere and being vegetarian I love the asparagus roll. The last 2 times I have gone there have been issues. Today was the final. I didn't see asparagus on the conveyer so I placed an order for the rolls. I waited 28 minutes. When I finally flagged someone down and asked about my rolls they said "they are making them now". Another 10 minutes and we finally ask for the check. When he is tallying up the plates I said "hey I don't want to be charged for those rolls cause I have been waiting 30 minutes" he shrugged. Someone in my party said "what happened why did it take so long?" The server responded with "I don't know sometimes they just don't feel like making it". My friend said "are we allowed to sometimes not pay?"  The server went to ring up our total - in plain site- and stood there mimicking and making fun of our table. When he came back with the bill I said "is that funny over there?" My friend said "were you making fun of me over there?" Here is the kicker - he said "yeeeesss". After bringing us back our change he THEN said he was sorry. I said that should have been your first response. We let him know we will not be back, which bums me out because I really did enjoy this place.Granted, it's like a buffet wherein you serve yourself.  However, there are servers there to refill your drinks, take your special orders and so on- you should still have a sense of customer service. I really hate to not return, but I'm not.
5	OH I LOVE TEHARU!  Its a conveyor Sushi place the food comes to you! I always go there on their off peak times and service is great! For two people we can get gut busting stuffed for 25$
4	This place is pretty good, nothing fancy but has some good choices......even some items that aren't typically sushi items (poppers....and cream puffs)
3	I agree with other commenters that it's surprising tasty for the relatively small expense.  Someone else said the squid salad was great and it totally was.Why only three stars, then?  Also echo the other comments about rude or weird waitstaff.  My experience was this was I was sitting and waiting for a dish to come around when I was approached by a woman who told me she could order something for me, but did so in a tone of voice that a kindergarten teacher might use to inform Billy that if he needs to go to the bathroom he can raise his hand.  "These stupid customers" oozed out of her.I'll go back and try it again (2x already).  But one or two more crappy experiences with the staff and that'll be it for me.
4	The conveyor belt concept is great, especially if you're on a time crunch. You can always call out a specialty roll to the sushi chefs, they'll make it right then & there. The waitstaff isn't the greatest but it works for me.
4	Discovered the Conveyor Belt Sushi at the Scottsdale location.  We were so excited to find one a little closer to home.  Have gone here a few times.  Went again last Monday night. We are lovers of Sushi!  What I really like is the fact you can sit down and immediately start eating.  No waiting once you are seated.  BIG fan of the Conveyor Belt. The Prices are really good.  I mean really good. $1.00 to $2.00 per plate.  Rainbow rolls my husband's favorite... I LOVE the Haru Sushi. It is crab with fresh Ahi wrapped around it and a slice of avocado.  Melts in your mouth.  Yummy!!  The green Chile stuffed Poppers are to die for. Don't remember what it is called.  Don't see what you want.. Just ask and they will make it for you!  We get out of there stuffed for $20.00.  Even with a large Kirin Beer.  The staff is friendly and come around for drink orders but it is pretty much serve yourself.  It is a busy place they are constantly putting out fresh plates.  No need to be concerned on freshness.  And again they will make it fresh to order. We are fans and this has become our new favorite place for Sushi!
3	First time at a conveyor belt sushi joint. It was mediocre at best. Six of us sat at a table along the side and were left alone by the wait staff for the majority of the time. I think someone stopped by twice to see if we needed any refills. Around 9pm we were asked if we could move to a different table, where the belt was already turned off, because there was a party of 14 that needed to be seated. We wanted to pay and leave anyway so we did just that.Everyone in the group ate for super cheap...the most expensive thing on any of our bills were the beers for $4.50. The variety was alright, but the majority of everything has crab...and I'm not a crab fan.  If you want cheap sushi and the ability to pick and choose what you want, then I would recommend this place. If you want quality sushi, then go elsewhere.
4	I hate the plastic lids. The wait is too long especially if there is seating available.  Other then that it's good.
2	Sushi is great... but conveyor belt sushi is even better. I was excited to try out Teharu Sushi since I have had amazing experiences at other conveyor belt sushi joints, however as another Yelper described it, Teharu is only "mediocre at best." Both the food and service fell way short of my expectations. I came here with a couple of friends on a Friday afternoon and luckily we didn't have to wait for a table. Upon seating I began to  notice that our waiter appeared to be utterly uninterested. I was hoping the quality of food will make up for the lack of quality of service but sadly things kept going downhill. In my opinion, the sushi selection here is extremely limited. Their rolls are very basic and the size of the roll were smaller than what I was used to. They also offer other items such as cheesecake, packaged pudding, bottled juices, etc., but a conveyor belt sushi restaurant is the last place I expected to see (or purchase) those items. The sushi did not look appealing on the conveyor belt, probably because all of the plates were covered with flimsy plastic lids, which looked very old and were either ripped or cracked. I had 5 plates in total... sadly all of them were lackluster and did not taste fresh. Furthermore the sushi rice also appeared to be undercooked, it was tough and grainy instead of chewy and moist :(When it was time to get the check, our server stood there for a good five minutes scraping the uneaten food into a plastic lid while we watched in awkward silence. And instead of dropping off the check at our table and coming back after a few minutes so we have time to get our payments ready, he stood there and waited while my friends and I rushed to dig out our money. These may be very small details but it was enough for me to conclude that 'odd' is the best way to describe the service at Teharu Sushi.My search a good revolving sushi bar in the Valley shall continue.
5	I love Teharu!  Always great conveyor belt sushi.
4	Trying something new without committing is the best part about this place. Small low price plates that just keep comin through on the revolving belt. Good food good experience
3	Teharu Sushi is a neat change of pace from your standard sit down restaurant or standard sushi bar.  This place can get crowded so be prepared to wait a little bit depending on when you show up - simply add your name to the wait list if their isn't a hostess right at the door.  Teharu operates a conveyor belt where small plates full of sushi, sushi rolls, and other miscellaneous items (pudding cup anyone?) pass in front of you for your choosing.  With a conveyor belt you might be expecting top notch sushi but I would simply describe the fare as "decent". The prices are quite good though as you can get your fill of Sushi for $10-20.  The selection of rolls and sushi is alright - you will see a lot of the standards, nothing too exciting though.  Some of the rolls seem a little strange to me such as the ones with potato shavings, onion shavings, and the phillie roll with cream cheese and red meat...for American palates I guess.Ultimately, you can probably find better sushi in the valley but you will also probably spend more money and won't get the fun conveyor belt experience.  Check it out at least once for yourself.
1	Hello to all my fellow Az foodies!Today I would like to tell you why I think if you are looking to enjoy some sushi and you think about trying Teharu in Tempe you should get back in your auto and drive over to your local grocery store and buy it there!  It has to be better than what you will experience here.My friend has been RAVING about Teharu in North Scottsdale.  She tried it a few months back and has been a frequent customer since.She came out to Tempe to meet for some sushi and having heard so many great things about the Scottsdale location and that the owner of each location are brothers I was super excited to check it out.We went at 2:30pm, the place was pretty empty, yet that converyor belt was full of shushi... I am not sure who all that food was for but lets stop a moment and think about it... ok, so this conveyor belt runs the length of the dining room and there are maybe 10 people in the restaurant and you have to wonder just how long that food has been taking the "conveyor ride".Absolutely NOTHING looked fresh and or appetizing....the freshiest looking food was the little cans of fruit that were "just along for the ride".The signs indicating what the items were, were scarce.  They have maybe 4 or 5 of each item and each one had a different look and color....scary stuff!The fried items sat under a plastic cover with the moisture dripping back into the food.In theory conveyor belt sushi sounds good and although this may be common in Japan... this is Not Japan and it just doesnt work!There were several items we had to take off the belt just to try and identify and we put it right back on...I know you dont even want to consider this but.......... whos to stop someone from lifting the lids and touching the food as it goes by?Like you, I would hope noone is inconsiderate enough to do something like that but really..... happens all the time!   Do you really want to chance it?I tried  a couple items before I just couldnt do it anymore.The ends of the fish were discoloring and turning up .I wont bother to go into detail about any one item because there was not 1 item worth talking about.My friend assured me that the Scottsdale location was nothing like Tempe and she said if she had tried Tempe location first she NEVER would have gone back or tried the other location.It's the same for me... I made the mistake of trying Tempe location and I have absolutely no desire to try Scottsdale..From what we were told 2 brothers each own one of the stores but they are run completely different..So, heres a tip for the brother who owns Tempe location.....LISTEN TO YOUR BROTHER!  DO WHAT HE DOES.... you are giving TEHARU a bad name!!  What would your mother think?Oh yes, almost forgot to mention the employees... theres plenty of them... standing around ... but try to get some more water or wasabi!  HA!I would honestly have to say in the MANY years I have been ejoying sushi...this was the WORST I have yet to experience.One of the many reviews I read on Teharu wrapped it up to this..."mediocre at best"... I feel that was extremely generous!Usually at this point I say... go, try it...see what you think but I gotta say....Dont waste your time or money and dont insult your taste buds.Spend a few bucks more and go somewhere ...anywhere else!And so I say, enjoy each day as though it were your last and enjoy!Bon' Appetite
1	I see that this place is still as filthy as it was when I wrote my first review. It made CBS channel 5's dirty dining list tonight! In fact, they were the dirtiest of them all with a whopping 12 major violations from the health department. Wow. The news said if they do not correct they may get shut down. I think this would be a good idea and could keep people from getting sick.
4	What a cool idea...a conveyor belt that runs through the restaurant - genius! It was the only way I could get my kids to try sushi because of the fun concept of grabbing something to grub as it passes you. The prices can't be beat either. The color of the plate determines the price, which ranges from $1.25 - $2.00. In addition to sushi, they also have dessert and other surprises conveying around! The sushi is pretty scrumptious, but if your a sushi snob, this isn't the place for you. And just a heads up - the environment is also very casual, loud and brightly lit, so not the typical sushi place for date night.
1	Went here 08/1/2013 place was shut down by the county and the notice said "Imminent Hazard".it appears they had refrigeration issues but still chose to stay open. Think about that. Sushi with out proper refrigeration? (Vomits). Never again, if you come here after knowing this you deserve a stomach virus.  They obviously don't care.
3	Teharu is fairly unique in that it's the only conveyor belt sushi restaurant that I know of in the Valley. I think there has been one in the works in Cityscape for some time, but it's been in the works for like... 1 year and a half at this point. :P So I'm not holding my breath. For the uninitiated, this place is exactly what it sounds like- a conveyor belt sushi place. You go in, wait to be seated- if your party's not too big you'll be seated by the bar. Two rows of conveyor belts wind about in front of you, along which parades an near endless row of sushi. Mmmm. They're on color coded plates, kept hygenic with little plastic covers on top. Just reach out and take what you want! It's as simple as that. Make room to stack your plates up, because that's how they charge you. This place is almost always somewhat busy, which I think speaks to the fact that this is a pretty decent little place. It's not the most amazing sushi, nor is it the cheapest. But it's pretty darn cost efficient, and for the price you pay you can get a lot of bang for your buck. And for those worried about freshness, the turnover is pretty good. Good enough that their tempura is still hot and crispy (not soggy), their rolls fresh, and their gyoza hot and succulent. My husband and I much prefer this place to the all-you-can-eat sushi buffet not far from this location. Mostly because for the price of one person at the all you can eat sushi we pretty much eat as much as we want at Teharu, and emerge pleasantly full. (Not like I can't eat any more sushi for a year, which is quite the statement if you know me.) Definitely worth dropping by if you're in the area. It's not something I would go out of my way to get to, but if were in the area I try to go. I do like to joke though that it's not a good first date place. I don't know about y'all, but I wouldn't be watching my date. I'd be watching the little row of marching sushi plates, trying to catch sight of what I want to snag next!
4	Holy Sushi!!  A revolving never ending assortment of sushi, drinks and dessert - I'm in!!  The sushi is great and the prices are great, everything costing no more then $3. Only complaint would have to be lack of a variety of items to try, but other than that friendly service and an Awesome experience.
4	This is the only conveyer belt sushi place I have been to so it's exciting and novel for me.  I live the fact that you can sit down and immediately start eating.  I tend to stick with the Philly roll because they put more cream cheese than most sushi places.  I love that because I love cream cheese.  The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because the wait can be a challenge and you can never be sure how long certain rolls have been sitting out.
3	Someone told me about this place a long time ago but I'd never gotten around to actually going until this week.  To my surprise it's only about 2 blocks away from where I work too!  The seating kinda sucks, especially if you have more than two people.  I was with a group of four and instead of having bar top style seating where everyone is facing the conveyer belt so that they can grab their own stuff, they have actual tables where only two of the four seats are next to the conveyer.  Therefore the people on the outside have to either reach in front of the other people or constantly be asking for stuff to be grabbed for them.  Not ideal.The sushi itself I would put at average at best.  Everything had a general temperature of lukewarm whether it was something that should have been cold or hot, one of the downfalls of this system I guess.  I will say the cream puffs were delicious though, but really who goes to a sushi place for cream puffs?  The service wasn't great either and I mean I guess that's another flaw in this kind of system, your food comes on the constantly moving belt but trying to get your drinks refilled or get the check was a little bit of a hassle.  Basically I think this is a cool place to come for the experience but this is not a place I would go to when I want some good sushi.
3	O.k. I've been to Teharu twice and each time had a completely different experience. We went on Memorial Day weekend and it was not busy. There was a large variety of food and sushi types rolling down the conveyor belt.  We went 2 weekends ago and completely different. It was busy and we were seated on the far end so the conveyor belt took a while to get to us.  There was little variety to be had with the sushi. Lots of water/milk/juice etc. going by.  Service is decent and the price can't be beat but a little variety with the sushi would make me come back.
5	I love this place best sushi and best price. I have only been there for lunch but you better get there early cuz it is busy.
5	Love the sushi here and the price is great!! The wait is sometimes long but really worth it. You can grab food instantly off the conveyer or order from the list! The fish slices are thick and the sushi delicious! Absolutely love this place!!
4	My sweet pea requests to come here often.  Sushi is average, but kids and adults alike seem to love the conveyer belt.  Also, a huge perk, no matter how much we eat, the bill always seems to come to only $12. Can't beat that.
1	This was honestly the worst dining out experience of my life. When we walked in we said there would be 6 and we wanted the bar. After waiting 20 minutes (and a party of 3 and 2 being sat ahead of us) we said we'd split up. Very luckily 6 seats cleared at once at the bar. They sat another party ahead of us! When I asked they said they didn't seat parties of 6 at the bar. They failed to mention this rule before we waited 20 minutes. They were horribly rude when we tried to discuss what was happening. The woman who said she was the manager stopped me mid-sentence and said, "Can you listen to me for a minute."  I couldn't believe how disrespectful she was. They lost 6 loyal customers and that is very disappointing to me.
1	Possibly one of the worst sushi restaurant's I've ever been to. A small group of friends and I went in and asked to sit at the bar. Well, actually we put our names on a piece of paper. No greeting from the employees, just a silent, wait your turn kind of atmosphere. We knew we probably wouldn't sit together (the restaurant is VERY small and they only utilize half the space), but we figured maybe a spot would open up. We sat down to wait and a party of three walked in. They were seated almost immediately. We tried to ask the waiters what had happened, but they put their hands up repeatedly and continued as they were. We gave them the benefit of the doubt and patiently waited our turn.20 minutes later two parties got up from their seats leaving six bar seats open in a row. We were so happy! We promptly stood up knowing that we'd be seated next. The owners then seated a party of two that had come in after us in the spots that should have gone to us. We asked to speak to the manager who explained to us that they don't seat "large parties" at the bar. We reminded her that we were totally okay with being separated, but she stuck to her ridiculous rule of not seating us.So here we are, 25 minutes later with no communication letting us know that we were waiting to sit at a table. We asked them to seat us in groups of 2 or individually and the owner continued to explain that we were not welcome at the bar due to our party's size despite that we would all be paying individually. At this point she became hateful and manipulative. She crossed our name off of the top of the hand written list and added our names underneath all of the parties that came in after us. We were so upset that we up and left. We received no customer service (or even interaction) and were treated like an annoyance. If you want to give your money to an entirely rude and spiteful establishment for the sake of a gimmick, go right ahead but I will never be returning.
1	After a couple more visits, I deem this place the Walmart of sushi. The past few times I have gone it takes FOREVER to get a seat. Then it takes a bit to get your drink and its a bother to ask for a refill. When you want your check - that takes FOREVER too. You would think they would be on top of that and try to get people in and out faster. The sushi is just okay and I now would rather spend a little more for great customer service and better quality sushi. If you do decide to go, take a peek at the floor surrounding the sushi making station. Disgusting! It looks like what you would find underneath a refrigerator.
4	I love this place.  Food is perfectly priced.  It  is not the fanciest of places, but it's fast, inexpensive and staff is friendly. This is not your standard sushi place, but that is why it's perfect, you can get plenty to eat under 20 bucks.
4	Great place to go for some decent sushi at a great price. Went with my friend to the one in North Scottsdale. It's a small place so took about 10 minutes to seat, but that was ok. I like places like this. In and out place to eat. No stuffy people or waiters. Our waitress was nice. The staff greeted us as we came and went. Left a good tip! Definitely recommend. Would go again.
4	I love coming here once in awhile, my friend from out of state was very happy, he had placed an order and it came out tasting amazing. The service was okay.
3	You're not coming here for top-shelf sushi. They don't try to make it a secret that their fish comes frozen and vacuum-sealed in plastic bags that need defrosting over running water. But it's quick and staff is friendly. My split bill was around $15 per person but we were stuffed and could have done with a few less items. It'll do for the occasional sushi craving. Grab the hots while they are hot.
5	Three years later and I'm still in love.Is it the best sushi?  No.But for the price, flippin' awesome.  I can eat me some salmon nigiri, and at this place, it's completely acceptable quality with an unbeatable price.We typically call for takeout, like, 2 times per week.If this place ever closes, I don't know what I'd do.
4	This is a sushi on a rotating belt place. Just pick what you want and pay by the plate. The sushi was ok, you get what you pay for. I liked how clean it was and the service was great. What I could see an improvement on is the amount of cream cheese and california rolls were on the belt. But again you get what you pay for. If i want a cheap sushi fix i would definately go again.
4	Sushi variety is basic traditional stuff, and the quality isn't close to what you find at a Kabuki. But hey, I got to pick and choose anything I want and only spent little over $12, so not a big deal.
2	Mediocre food and service. I used to work as a sushi chef so I can get kind of picky. You can taste how old the rice was, the rolls barely had filling, were bland, unseasoned, and messy. I went out of my way for this restraunt and I was disappointed. The only thing okay about this place is the price, but you seriously get what you pay for.
3	This is a sushi on a rotating belt place. Just pick what you want and pay by the plate. The sushi was ok, you get what you pay for. I liked how clean it was and the service was great. What I could see an improvement on is the amount of cream cheese and california rolls were on the belt (fewer the better). But again you get what you pay for. If I want a cheap sushi fix I would definately go again.
1	It's like eating in a dirty night club. The trance/hip-hop music is WAY too loud; you can't even hold a conversation. The staff are slow and imbeciles. The mens bathroom looks like a punk rock venue. Save yourself from coming here.
1	I'm here from Maine visiting my daughters on vacation and we were looking for a place to eat and this place was suggested by my daughters boyfriend , he said it was great but had not been here for a year or so. We arrived at about 3;30 Nov 3 on a Sunday and waited for a seat at the rotating sushi bar , as we waited I started noticing the tacky decor and obnoxiously load music that did not fit a sushi bar at all (PLEASE TURN DOWN YOUR MUSIC) when we sat I noticed the food looked "old" and not much to choose from, I thought well it is 3;30 , right between lunch and dinner BUT it's Sunday and people go out to eat at all times on this day. The rice for the sushi was clumpy and tasteless , the fish was NOT up to even my standards and I'm no way a sushi snob, It just did not taste fresh . So I ordered the spicy Ramen noodles ($5) off the menu which said they were Korean style. If those noodle were Korean then I'm a lock for being the next President, these noodles are exactly like the top ramen noodles you buy for 10 cents in a grocery store (swear to God , don't believe me waste $5 and see for yourself) with a few chopped chives and scallions but you can make these noodles at home . Anyone  reading this should be offended by their offering of noodles and saying anything but these noodles are grocery store style noodles.Lastly the customer service (or lack there of) I get this place is self serve but after we ordered our drinks there was absolutely none. I had a beer and was never asked if I wanted another , I know I could of asked for one myself  but after the sub-par food and store bought noodles I just wanted out , My daughters boyfriend said this place use to be way better. All I know is  they will never get my hard earned vacation money again.
5	Fantastic place to dine while stoned. The environment is totally trippy. Made me feel like I was in cloud atlas at the restaurant getting fed people. A+ experience. Plus the house music makes you trip even harder and every one around you will notice. Probably a biased opinion because I've onlu been here under the influence.
4	Amazing restaurant. Its fun, fresh, & cheap! You just can't go wrong here!!! Love this place!! Just hand pick which plate or item you want!
4	Sake bombs and mackerel. The great price and great location make it a good spot for me to start at before my night out on most weekends. Try to get in early or plan on waiting a little because they get packed really quickly. Not the best sushi I've ever had by any means but I don't remember a time being disappointed at the quality or freshness. They have a variety of the popular rolls people love and some originals that are great as well.
4	Really good, extremely reasonably priced sushi. We come here all the time. The only reason I give this 4 stars is because I think the Scottsdale location is way better. The salmon is a lot bigger there. I recommend  the Las Vegas rolls, haru poppers, and baked scallop rolls
3	I've been coming to Teharu off-and-on for a few years now.  The price, the K-pop, and the cool conveyor belt sushi keeps me interested but that's all the perks of the establishment.  The quality of Teharu isn't exactly the freshest and the portions keeps getting smaller and smaller.  But for the cheap price, what can you really expect?  Service is usually lacking and slow but I blame management.  They have such a big staff size for the dinner rush but the workers are just everywhere!  This is by far not my favorite place for sushi but it's cheap eats for those days when you splurged on a new designer  purse or a new pair of shoes.
4	This is my dirty little secret. You can seriously eat your face off for a ridiculously small amount of money. It makes me wonder how they do it. It's a shameful feeling I get inside when I see that I have the highest sushi tower ... until I see it only cost me $12. I literally have never been able to eat more than $15 worth of food at this place, and believe me, I've tried. It's not going to light the world on fire, but it's cheap and fun. Plus, Phoenix has literally zero other options when it comes to conveyor belt sushi.
5	Been here multiple times, still one of the best revolving sushi around town. This place is usually busy but if you get there just before it opens than you will be seated right away.The atmosphere is pretty good, prices cheap, food is good, and service is good.When coming in the restaurant is pretty big, probably too big for the actual used space. They have one main rotating sushi bar where everyone sits around and grabs things off the conveyer. That only takes up half the room; the other half isn't really used since most people want to sit near the conveyer. I believe they should do a remodel to kind of utilize that unused space; this way they can add more larger tables on both sides for bigger parties while getting the benefit of the conveyer.Food there tastes a whole lot better than other revolving sushi I've tried, and they keep adding other selections to their menu. I definitely recommend getting the Haru sushi, and if it isn't on the belt then order it from the waitress.Portion of each dish ranges from 2-4 pieces depending on which thing you get.Price per dish is reasonable ranging from $1-3 dollars.I could easily rack up a $15-20 dollar bill on my own if I don't pace myself.Service here is generally good, once they seat you and ask if you want anything to drink, they pretty much leave you alone. I suppose that could be a good or a bad thing depending on how people view it. I personally like to be left alone while I'm eating.I think it's nice that they leave you alone here to eat, but they need a little improvement; there have been times where I've had to flag down the waitress to get in an order or get our check.Overall, I will continue to go back here anytime I have the craving for some cheap sushi.
5	Awesome place!!! I use to go here  since it was a little less popular back in 2010 then people start to notice this place and got crowded. ( long long wait) Now , they're waiting time is less than 15 mins.
3	Cheap? For damn sure! Good? Eh. Good enough when the wallet is a little thin and you still gotta have it. Sorta like a really cheap hooker. They have mostly the standard stuff that won't offend any sushi noobs (the type of folks I usually go to places like this with in the first place because they wouldn't know the difference between this and if JIRO of DREAMS OF SUSHI fame himself were making the sushi). Stuff like maguro, sake (salmon), shrimp, and an endless number of "rolls". They also have cheesecake, cream puffs, and little kiddie drinks like Lamune if you need the sugar fix. They charge by the colors of your plates. I don't remember what the color scheme and pricing chart is but all I know is 2 people can eat till being stuffed for as cheap as 20 bucks. That's Kaitenzushi (revolving sushi) for you. That's gotta mean something in this economy right? That's probably why it's always packed when I go. If you go at some prime time be prepared to write your name on the waiting list and wait 15 minutes or so. Located in a strip mall on the northeast corner of Ray and Priest with McDonald's as a main landmark. Parking is strip mall and Teharu is the only real thing happening there so not a problem.
1	I came on new years day, but I did not want to stay there after seeing the long line of people. However, my friends insisted to stay for about 20 minutes. Here are my list of complaints.1. No body was at the front at the restaurant to sign in names for the waiting list, so we had to write the names in ourselves.2. Half the tables in the restaurant were not even being used, they should at least allow some customers to sit there, especially  if there are a lot of people waiting inside and outside the restaurant.   Because of this lack of management, we left to eat somewhere else.
3	For the price this place is awesome! Only setback is I wish there were a bigger selection
1	Sushi on a belt. I still don't get it. This is the lowest common denominator of sushi quality wise. Go elsewhere.
5	It isn't the best sushi but definitely the best tasting sushi for the price. I've been to Teharu at least 5 times and every time I go I get great service and you can ask for specific rolls if you don't see them on the conveyer belt. Definitely worth trying for a quick, satisfying lunch or fun dinner.
3	This place is a hit or miss on the sushi. But I still enjoy coming here.  It's a nice place good service friendly people.
4	I really do enjoy coming here. Fun little hole in the wall place. The sushi is well priced for what you get. You   don't leave hungry when you come here.I do wish it was closer to my work so I could go there for lunch. It is a little out of my way. But totally worth the drive.
4	So delicious and I spent way less than I thought I would! Such a great idea for a sushi place. The service people aren't great though, kind of rude but I'll definitely comeback because of the food and prices.
4	I live for their rainbow rolls. If you've chosen your dishes wisely, your bill can come in under the $10 mark -- a great deal when it comes to sushi. If you go in the early afternoon you can usually get a table right away. Don't be afraid to try new things! I was always wary of dishes with seaweed, but now they're a staple. Always a great deal.
4	Haven't been to Teharu is such a long time. I came in to get a quick lunch and that's what I got. I was a little worried having the previous experiences with them. I came in an was greeted an seated as soon as I came in. I was alone this time so makes sense. My waiter was very pleasant and super happy. I came in for some sashimi so he took my order and gave it to the guys behind the bar. It took a little time to get my things but nothing to bad. During my wait I was attended by my waiter and this other guy who was running around helping other customers. When he came by he asked if I wanted to order something since I wasn't taking anything off the belt. I told him I had an order coming and he went to check on it. I thought it was nice that they were actually checking in on me. My food came by soon after and it was as good anything else I get here. The price was great and my waiter came to refill my drinks again and checked to see if I wanted to get anything else.Overall I had a very nice time. The service was MUCH more pleasant and enjoyable compared to the last few times.Only word of improvement I can offer was when I recieved my food I had like a stack of 3 plates for each order (which was 3) nine plates all over the place. Little bit of a mess. Since I ordered on one of those sheets I figured they coud have just charged me by that instead of all the plates. Although that is the norm of how they charge there so I should've have expected it.
3	Great value when it comes to the sushi. The service is sub-par and the music is really annoying but if you're there just to get a quick bite of suchi this is the place.
1	The food wasn't bad, but myself and three of my dinner companions all came down with a severe stomach bug the day after eating here. Considering it's the only thing we came together for in the last week, and all hit the same symptoms around the same time, the deduction can't be far off as to the culprit. We're still comparing notes as to what we had in comparison to the other four that didn't end up hugging a toilet all night. For now, I'm ringing the bell of warning that you're taking quite the risk going here.
1	It makes me sad to write this review.. I used to love coming here! Ever since I started going here the service has always been "meh" but that was alright because the sushi was so good and cheap. Last time I went was the straw that broke the camels back, My brother, sister and I went on a Saturday night, it was busy as usual but we didn't  mind the wait. We were seated on the second conveyer belt which had no where near as much of a selection as the main one so we ordered off the menu....15 minutes goes by, then 30, then 45, nothing. While we were waiting two different waiters came by and asked if we were waiting for our checks. When we told them we were waiting on our food they just shrugged and walked away. When some of our sushi finally did make it to our table it tasted horrible because it had been sitting out for so long! We finally gave up and got our check and left. There are other rotating  sushi places in the valley  that taste better and have better service. Hopefully they get their act together, it really used to be an amazing place :(
2	This place is cheap and, if you get to sit in front of the belt, it is fast enough for a quick lunch. Reading other's reviews and thinking I am eating raw food here, I guess I am a little concerned. But my hubby and I have been here about 4 times and we have not had any problem.  I think if I go back I would do a "freshness" test before I start gobbling down the food.
3	Good place. Fast if not too crowded. Great way to try new types of sushi. My kids love this place.
2	First off, I will state that, despite the somewhat negative review, I will still visit this place from time to time.I have only been to Teharu a handful of times and it has never really been horrible, but isn't exactly great, either.   The prices are really low- two people can get stuffed for less than $30.   The problem is that the food isn't always particularly fresh.  It is made, divvied up and placed onto the conveyor belt where it circulates for up to three hours (supposedly).  This last time I ate there, the food was obviously NOT fresh.  I consulted with my server and she very politely explained the three hour thing, then mentioned that earlier in the day they mark the items with a time, but within three hours of closing they stop doing this.  She then took away the items we had issues with, without us even asking.  Didn't even make me feel like a jerk!One can order from a menu and the items will be made fresh, but it still isn't the best quality.I have to admit, I am kind of addicted to those Haru poppers, though.  Probably the least healthy thing on the menu, but they are extremely tasty with soy sauce and wasabi.Now for what really killed it for me-  The Amaebi.  Ama Ebi is sweet shrimp and they way it is usually served is the tail is made into nigiri and the head (and feet) are fried.  It is a delicious dish and I love the fried shrimp heads because they are delicious and crispy.Well, this wasn't the case at Teharu.  It was prepared as above, but the heads were really disgusting;  mushy on the inside and not very crispy otherwise.  Flavor would have been alright had the rest of it been on par.   Have you ever eaten the pan fried shrimp at a Chinese buffet only to find it is mushy and gross?   Same deal here.I rarely spit out food.  Usually I take it like an adult and chew and swallow, but there were two different things that I spat this time, which is not a good sign.People talk about the bad service there:  once upon a time it was proper etiquette for someone dining to give a polite wave to a server to indicate that they need something.  Somehow, servers started feeling inconvenienced by this, so nobody seems to do it anymore.   Get the fuck over it.   The servers here have, and they are very response if you politely get their attention.  I have not experienced anyone there that wasn't really nice and helpful (so far).  Even one lady who appeared to be somewhat grumpy and short was nice once I got her attention.  Sure the don't come around often, but my glass of water was never empty for very long and anything else I needed was tended to almost immediately upon getting a server's attention.Since there are the nifty conveyor belts, servers aren't needed much anyway, plus if you get seated quickly there is the possibility of your meal being really, really quick.  I am guilty of getting grab happy and filling up with a quickness.Anyway, for the price, it is awesome if one is careful of what one chooses.  I will go back again, but will eat selectively.Also, I suggest going on busier days since the food, in theory, will be more fresh.  You might have to wait for a seat, but at least you won't be waiting for the toilet at home.  Otherwise, if you only have one bathroom in your place of residence and multiple people are eating there, you might consider sitting on laps;  if you stack up, you can all have diarrhea at the same time.
4	Favorite place to eat sushi! This is not a five star restaurant but it most def is worth the visit. Lines are always long but the food is very good considering how cheap the prices are.
1	BEWARE OF THE FRAUDULENT PRACTICES OF THIS BUSINESS!!!!I am absolutely FURIOUS! After receiving TERRIBLE service (on a Friday night, nonetheless), which included my server not bringing items that I ordered when the conveyor belt was empty, my friend and I both decided not to tip him because of his terrible service and attitude in response to our requests.Today, my friend checked her online statement for her credit card and found that she had been overcharged $2. I go online to check my statement to find that I had also been overcharged $2. Checking with the 3 other friends who ate with us and decided to tip the server, we were the only 2 who were charged an extra $2 on top of our bill. Furious, I called Teharu, was told that the manager was unavailable and proceeded to begin explaining my situation and was asked if I left a tip. I explained that I hadn't because I had received terrible service. In my opinion, by not leaving a tip I am helping my server to realize that he did a terrible job and he will therefore reevaluate his service and perhaps improve upon it. Being that many people comment on their subpar service that they receive here, the servers must not be tipped very well. Is this the way that Teharu responds? By overcharging customers illegally? When I sign a Merchant's receipt, I am agreeing to pay the amount that I write...NOT any more than that. It's no wonder that their service does not improve...Teharu is illegally making customers tip their servers (I bet we are not the only ones that this has happened to) which causes the servers in turn to have no incentive to improve their customer service.What upset me even more was that the woman on the phone said that there is "no proof" that I had been overcharged unless I bring in my receipt and bank statement, in which case they would refund $2 to my account. Obviously, it's only $2 so I'm not going to go all the way there just to get it back...I'll probably spend more on gas doing that. What infuriates me however is that when I explained that what Teharu did was ILLEGAL and FRAUDULENT, the woman on the phone was absolutely unfazed and did not seem to care about her business' immoral practices. Furthermore, my friend is a very light eater and $2 was nearly 33.3% of her bill. Imagine that - terrible service and a 33.3% tip? This business is absolutely terrible...I refuse to support a business that cheats customers out of their money by means of illegal and fraudulent practices.UPDATE: My friend spoke to the manager, who was apparently on break when I called earlier, and he said that he saw his worker on the phone with me and considered intervening (but didn't). The manager continued to claim that this was a "mistake" and that it happens "often". My friend said that he seemed concerned and wanted to help us by offering to refund us $2. However, we do not care about the money, but rather that this does not affect other people. Therefore, our concern is not about the fact that we were both overcharged, but rather that this business is not taking the necessary actions to ensure that their customers are satisfied and treated with honesty and respect. Being that the manager recognized that this is a problem that arises often, I do not understand why they are not taking this issue more seriously and investigating the source of this problem...if it happens so often, how is it an accident?! We expressed that we do not think that this is an accident in any way and that we will be contacting the police to investigate Teharu's fraudulent business activities. Furthermore, I have already submitted a complaint to the Better Business Bureau.If you have eaten at Teharu and paid via credit card, I highly suggest that you check your bank statement to see if you were overcharged. If you were overcharged, I hope that you will either comment on this post, submit a complaint to the BBB, or call the police directly as I will be contacting them shortly. I do not feel that anyone should sit by and allow a business to conduct themselves in this manner - it is not only wrong, but ILLEGAL and I am determined to put an end to Teharu's fraudulent practices.
5	I honestly think it's cheap, convenient and the food is great (obviously, you wanna to go right when they open since it's fresh) i think for the theme and prices it's totally worth it, plus for sushi in arizona is not bad! the staff is friendly. I would rather eat here 100000000000 more than RA or Stingray sushi
4	Very good!  I ate there once before several years ago, and I believe that they've improved since then.  The two female chefs were working hard; their creations were delicious and continually being updated.  Twice I and my friend asked about things that had run out, and in both cases they were being replenished even as we asked-- we had plates handed directly to us almost immediately, with more showing up on the conveyor belt moments later.  The service was quick and very polite, the place was packed (at 2 in the afternoon on a Friday!) and my bill (1 Ramune, 1 plate each of Tamago (2 per plate), deep-fried CA Roll (2) and Inari (2) plus three plates of Gyoza (5)) was $12.45 including tax.  Not at all shabby!  I'll definitely eat there again.  ^_^
2	This place used to be so good I have no idea what happened to them. There are never enough waiters or waitresses. The sushi rolls no longer resemble rolls. I am not racist in anyway shape or form but someone who is skilled in the art of making a sushi roll is of that culture and not of another culture and race entirely. I'm not sure how someone whom I heard tell a guest "they taught me here since I'm Guatemalan and didn't know anything about Sushi" is able to pass off as skilled.
5	Anthony is awesome! Super chill, down-to-earth waiter. I always tell him what's up whenever I'm at Teharu. Also, the food is way cheap for what you get. Cheapest sushi in Tempe/Chandler! You can get a meal that fills you up and a sake bomb for like $15. Unreal.I don't get how some of these reviews criticize this place. It's awesome, never had a bad experience there.
5	Teharu is so good!  I am always satisfied with everything I get there.  The sushi is awesome and not expensive at all.  Anthony was my waiter last time and he is super helpful.  I love coming here with friends.  My favorites are the haru sushi, rainbow roll and crunch roll.  Anything you cant find on the conveyor belt they are happy to make for you.  Would definitely recommend this place.
1	I was first introduce to this place almost over 5 years ago and it started out great but I think I might have to break up with Teharu. I'm more interested in the food so I'll start with that. I always get my usual when I go here and it's always Hawaiian, Vegas, Dragon, and Bake scallop. Now I live in East Mesa so it is a good 30 minutes drive to get here and let me tell you, it used to be worth it. The last 5 times I've been here has been a miss. Vegas roll was always cold, kind of defeat the whole purpose of having a deep fried roll? No? The Hawaiian roll, which is spicy tuna roll with tuna on top and spicy mayo is always unbearably spicy because I think they are trying to mask away fishy flavour since their fish isn't the greatest of quality, which I knew for the price wasn't going to be the greatest already so when it's extremely spicy, then i can't eat it so...?  Now what annoys me is the bake scallop because that was my absolute favorite but lately it's always been disgusting. Like it has a pee smell on the scallop so when you eat it, you feel like your eating someone's piss. I never get to try new rolls anymore because the ones on the belt most of the time looks dried and like it's been there since they opened up for the day. And there's usually 1 left, what's so hard about replenishing it? Or do they wait for that one customer who just eats anything to eat it before they put out more? That's another thing that erks me, if you're a conveyer belt sushi, shouldn't you have someone dedicated to constantly stock the belt with a variety of sushi so that customers can grab? Lately it seems that they focus on orders more and then the belt becomes empty and sad.When can the price of something stop being accountable for the quality you get? Yeah it's cheap but when can we stop saying, oh for the price it's not bad. And this is why restaurants continue to lack and not improve. Oh and for the waiters and waitresses there, I'm not even going to waste my time writing about them because the don't bother wasting their time serving me. So long story short. Try it for the experience but don't expect much cause you know, for the price and all.... ( last part was sarcasm if you didn't catch it )
5	Great place and good food.  Cheap and good :) you have to try it! I go here all the time. Nice environment
4	Best price in town without breaking your bank. Good selection of sushi for revolving style sushi restaurant. Prices range from $1 to $2.50 per plate.
2	This place is okay its not great but its not bad. The pros about this place is that the sushi comes on a conveyor belt, but not a big selection. It is really cheap for what you get, so if you are looking for a cheap place, most definitely go here. Otherwise there are better sushi places than this .
5	I'm originally from the east coast myself, and can truly say this is by far the best Sushi restaurant i've ever been too! The staff is all super nice. the food is ALWAYS FRESH! and it's quick service with anything you do order from the kitchen. Other then that they have so many different types of sushi to choose from, and if the sushi you want isn't on the moving track you can just order from the cooks. Their prices are amazing the most expensive piece of sushi is about $2.00 which I'm not sure where else you can find sushi this cheap, fresh, and yummy! I defiantly recommend this restaurant to any sushi lovers!
5	My boyfriend and I have been coming in at least once a week for a little over a year.  Definitely our favorite place to get sushi.  It's so fun and inexpensive.  I get to stuff my self for about $10 (almost never more than $20 for the two of us.) Anthony is always so friendly and seems happy to see us.  He knows we need extra wasabi without us having to ask for it. Great place, nice people, good sushi!
4	For a quick sushi fix, this place is awesome because you get to try a little bit of everything for cheap. We came around noon on a Sunday and it was super busy, the entire restaurant was full and there was about 20 people waiting. We waited for about 20-30 minutes and got to sit at the bar and from there it was time to dig in!! I like that you don't need a lot of service once you're seated because everything you need is infront of you, soy sauce, ginger, wasabi. They're definitely understaffed when it's busy though, there were only 3 servers for the entire restaurant.
5	Teharu is the shit, if you're looking for cheap delicious sushi that comes to you (on a conveyor belt) then this is your sushi house! Most plates are under $2 and have 4 rolls on them with an excellent variety of American sushi staples (California roll, Las Vegas roll, etc...). They also have many traditional Japanese favorites as well as a full order off menu if you're not feeling the conveyor belt. I have become a total regular of this excellent establishment and don't plan on changing that anytime soon.
4	Place is VERY affordable with prices ranging from 1-2 dollars a plate for 4 pieces of sushi. I was pleasantly surprised at the taste too because it may not look appealing but some of their creations really please the palet. This is a good spot for a casual date because it shows youre cultured and can find a hidden gem tucked away behind in n out in chandlerI recommend this spot for anyone who wants a sushi fix at an affordable price.
5	This is one of my most favorite sushi places ever in the valley! Food is great, and super cheap. (You won't find that at the larger chain sushi restaurants) This place is an absolute must try! Experience the great taste for yourself. Not to mention it's a revolving sushi restaurant so that makes it even cooler.
4	Still a fan of Teharu. Here's something people are missing - The sushi is on a conveyor belt, and the plates are a max of $2 bucks each. Stop expecting to see famed Scottsman Gordon Ramsay rolling up your fish and rice back there. Come in with realistic expectations.What Teharu is:FunCheapLoud (but I dig that environment sometimes)Great for groupsWhat it isn't:Michelin ratedPut some expectations aside, or go elsewhere. For the rest of us - We'll be smart enough to order a fresh roll via the menu (yes you can) anytime something looks questionable. It's on you, if you don't do that. There's a reason the lines are out the door.
5	I'm sorry if some people don't love this type of sushi place...but for me its awesome...very affordable and not lacking on the quality! Great Sushi...keep it up!  I highly recommend trying it out...you can't ask for anything better when you sit down and start grub time right away:)
4	This place is cheap, and I'm talking Fred Mertz cheap.  In fact, while I'm in the ballpark of I Love Lucy, let's recall the chocolate factory episode where Ethel and Lucy are shoveling chocolates into their mouths.  That's basically what goes down when I walk through the door in this place.  "Pick that plate up, I wanna try that!"  Even if I don't like it, I'm out what, $1.50?  I've lost more trying to get the mini Rubik's Cube key chain out of the 50 cent machine at the grocery store, and I've yet to leave the grocery store with the victory key chain.Teharu is a bit uncomfortable at first, especially when you see that the conveyor goes behind a wall where who-knows-what happens, but can you really justify that discomfort whilst stuffing your face with raw fish?  Sushi lovers have all had bad sushi and it's really never as bad as you imagined it, so what's a sneeze or two on a roll (if that's the case)?  Honestly, you can't beat the prices for the quality of the food here.  No, we're not talking 5 star sushi, but definitely a good place to satisfy a sushi craving when your pockets are light.  It's also a decent place for a first date since the atmosphere refuses any awkward silences.  You're guaranteed to either be seated next  to the chick posting and filtering every roll on Instagram (that's me), or the old man asking his grandchildren what the hell the orange stuff is on top of the food and how can they eat that Asian hot sauce.  Just don't evoke your inner rudeness and reach across your neighbors... it's happened.I've never had a bad experience here or spent more than $20 eating more sushi here than any human should be allowed to consume at any given time.  Sure, sometimes you get a roll with a texture that is the equivalent of blow-out-tire-debris on the highway, but again, we're talking color-coded plates to mark prices that don't exceed $5... for sushi.  And sometimes for canned fruit cocktail, which most likely the old man will be eating after he realizes what the orange stuff is.A coffin is the only thing that could prevent my patronage here, especially after my bills and rent are paid but my stomach says "gimme something fancier than Kraft".  Decent sushi for a decent price.
5	I went to this location for the first time today. In fact it was my first time ever having the conveyor belt sushi experience. I must say with the very reasonable prices ($1-$3 per plate), the variety of food, and the wonderful atmosphere, this place is quite possibly my new favorite restaurant. I'm going to be eating here maybe once a week from here on out. You will definitely not be disappointed with the quality of food at this place as well. Try this out at least once, you will be very happy you did.
3	Food is great service is horrific!  Wait staff is clearly annoyed by the customers and should be unemployed. Good is a five service a minus one star!!!
5	Can't beat it for the price and is fun, too with the conveyor belt!
2	Epitome of mediocre. Environment is fun and friendly and the staff is happy and welcoming, but all that aside the food leaves much to be desired. Its fair to mention that everything is no more than two dollars but still doubling the price and quality would not offend anyone I assure you. They offer such wide selections as crab, avocado and rice, rice crab and avocado as well as avocado rice and crab. Overall a neat idea but doesnt make this place a destination, simply a place to get cheap imitation fish.
4	Came here on a Monday and it was surprisingly busy. We had about a 20 minute wait, not bad. Nice variety of sushi ranging from crunch roll, crab roll, las vegas, etc. Best feature is of course the revolving sushi. I remember the first time I came here I thought it was the coolest thing. The prices for the sushi is pretty reasonable. I got a crunch roll, shrimp tempura roll, bake scallop roll, and baked mussels. The baked scallop and baked mussels were special orders you have to tell the waiter and it was well worth it for me because I ordered a few of them and they were delicious!!The customer service was pretty good and they were nice and polite. A downside I can think of is that their revolving sushi is usually bigger. So, I don't know if it's because it was a weekday and maybe there are bigger parties on the weekend. Overall, I liked it, not a bad place to bring a date. Good service, good sushi/food, price ain't that bad, and I can see myself coming back here.
4	I really liked this place. It could use some upgrading with decore but I thought the food was delicious.  Although some stuff looked not so fresh. Like it'd been sitting out for lomger than it should have. It was mine and my boyfriends first time trying sushi and it was definitely different with the conveyor belt, but I liked it a lot. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 start is for the freshness of the food, (wasn't the best) and because the place could use a makeover. Other than that, I loved it
3	Great fresh sushi,for a fantastic price. We go at least twice a month for lunch. Many rolls to choose from. You just can't beat it for the price. You also can't forget how fun the revolving conver belt...YUM!
3	This place is either extremely busy with a long wait or slow & u get to sit down right away! I just get super annoyed when they are extremely busy with a long wait and don't open up the other side!! Now onto the sushi... It's cheap! Usually $2-3 per plate.... Not the most amazing tasting sushi... But good enough....hits the spot when I want something small and fast! If you do not like rolls this is NOT the place for you, as 99% of the sushi is rolls! Still always good for a quick sushi bite!
3	I've been back & have given it another try. It's still only ok but better than the 1st time I tried. For conveyor belt sushi, it's edible & inexpensive. You get what you pay for. All in all, I give it an ok.
1	Sooooo.... Just left this restaurant with my friend. We were in the area and saw the high reviews on Yelp. The decor was nice, bit that's the only nice thing that I can say. The purpose of sushi is for it to taste fresh and to be made to order. However when there are numerous plates revolving around, becoming room temp, it does not make for a good dining experience. We tried the lobster roll and I've never seen lobster that looked like tuna and tasted like one would imagine how cat food would taste. So, we decided to order off the menu in the hopes that it would be fresher since it was just made. WRONG!!! The tuna roll was warm and the Philly roll smelled "fishy". We literally left everything untouched. This was the worst dining experience I have had since being in Arizona for three years. I def would advise any and everyone to stay away from this place unless you are looking for a fast food version of sushi.
1	Be careful, this place just had 12 health violations!http://www.kpho.com/story/23042384/dirty-dining-aug-1-valley-sushi-bar-has-12-major-violations
4	The concept of this place is very simple. You come in, you sit down, you grab whatever you want to eat and each dish is color priced. The highest price I believe is 2.50. I got 5 plates of food and a drink and that ended up to be $7. That's it. Cheap sushi! Best of all, although the sushi isn't perfect, its pretty damn good for what you are paying for and the experience. It was simply delicious, i'm coming back!
4	This place is wonderful! The service is prompt, food is great, $$ is affordable. I only gave 4 stars because I hope they come up with a little more choices in sushi :) other than that, will definitely be back.
3	I give this place a 3 star rating because well its cheap, fills you up, and some of these are delicious (my personal favorite is the baked scallops). I am not giving it a full 5 star because this place lacks customer service. They aren't so prompt about giving you your receipt. Every single time i've gone in, i've had to flag them down somehow just to pay and leave. I saw them just standing around talking to one another and two of the waitress were idly spacing out standing there doing nothing. Our waters don't always get filled, thats a hit or miss.
1	Novelty kind of place. Fun for kids or beginners. Tons of Cali type rolls but little substance. Service is poor and end up waiting to get the conveyor belt loaded if your not sitting right at the bar. Just not impressed. If you know your sushi and like grade a fish don't come here.
5	This place is LEGIT! Good food and a captivating atmosphere. The conveyer belt kept a portion of my attention throughout dinner as I searched for my next plate. I am 6'4" and about 230 lbs. I can put down some food... It was only about 20 dollars to eat my fill! Yeah you read it right: good food, good price, good time! Thanks Teharu, I will be coming back. I also heard there is a new location opening in Mesa in a month or so.
3	If you are on a tight budget, this place is great to get your sushi fix!  However, for those who can afford to pay a little more, it would be worth it to spend a few more bucks to get your sushi elsewhere.We came on a Wednesday night with a party of 3 and still had to wait 20 minutes for a spot at the conveyor belt bar.  For a conveyor belt restaurant, you would think the bar area would be bigger!  And for some odd reason half the restaurant is just regular tables, but no one sits there bc obviously... you want to be at the conveyor belt where the sushi is.The quality of the sushi that came out was... not that great.  I appreciated the fact that there was variety in the dishes and a lot of things I usually don't see or try at sushi restaurants.  I don't think I'd be back here again, when I have other favorite sushi restaurants with better quality fish.
1	So bad! Oh man, I came here with a friend on a Thursday night and I am definitely not coming back. I'll be the first to admit that sushi in Arizona doesn't really impress me (I'm from California) and this place is added to my list of places to not eat at again. The sushi going around on the conveyor belt is warm. I got one plate off the belt, didn't like it, and then ordered directly from one of the chefs hoping that it would be better. I got some maguro nigiri (tuna over some rice) and it was really badly cut and did not taste fresh at all. I also got some other rolls and pieces of nigiri, and the quality and taste did not impress me. Their Haru Sushi did not taste good and had way too much of the fake crab mix. Almost all of their rolls use that fake crab mix and I hate eating it. I don't know how it first was called a California Roll, but I do my best to never order rolls with it. Give me quality nigiri or sashimi anyday. Sadly, you won't get it. Save your money and go across the street to In-n-Out.
4	First time here.. the concept is cool. pulling your food off the conveyor makes it easy to pick items that you might not order otherwise. The price and portions was great. The only reason they do not get 5 star is that we had a large group (with a reservation) and they did not open the other half of the restaurant to make it easy for everyone to see the food. so now with 15 people stick out from the conveyor the first to sit down had to grab and pass down orders for everyone else. makes enjoying your food really hard.
3	Conveyor belt sushi restaurant. Sushi. On a conveyor belt. You really can't get much more simpler than that. At Teharu, you get what you pay for. Don't expect your dragon rolls to be spewing fire or your nigiri to be decorated with any garnishes or anything. If you want crazy fancy fish, go to RA; it's LITERALLY right down the road. If you or any of your friends are new to the whole sushi thing, definitely try this place out. With the conveyor belt concept, you get to try out a little it of everything (About 3-4 pieces on average from around $1-2). Most of the rolls are pretty much modifications of the California Roll. If the belt looks empty, just try to steal an order sheet and give your waiter your order; *usually* you'll get all your stuff made.Ignoring the insanely long lines on the weekends, the service is not bad. If you want to be seated down quicker with a bigger group, try coming in on a Thursday night around 5:30 or 6. Both conveyor belts are open then. The service is really nothing to much to brag about. Pretty much all the food is self-served. If you want something from the waiters, ask for it. They can't read your mind. And they all work collaboratively(You don't have one specific waiter serving you in other words). At the end of the meal, you're probably going to pay under $20 for sushi and leave full. Again, don't expect much. You get what you pay for.
5	Went there for the first time on Saturday and was shocked in how good it was and how cheap. My normal Bill at a place like Ra would have been between $80 and $100 for four people, here it was only $45. This is my new favorite sushi restaurant hands down!
4	Great place to grab some decent sushi.  It's a revolving sushi bar, so it's best if you're not in a huge group.  If you have 4+ people, they'll seat you at a booth.. otherwise, you're seated next to random people... basically wherever there is room.Usually there is always a wait, but the wait doesn't last too long.  It's best to come at peak hours because it'll ensure that the plate you're picking off the conveyor belt is fresh.. otherwise.. who knows how long that plate has been sitting around.  Sometime I'll see the exact same plate go around in a circle the entire time I'm there. :/They have your basics, california roll, spicy tuna, philly, hawaiian, vegas roll, nigiri pieces.. and so on! My favorite is called "the haru".  Basically it's imitation crab wrapped with tuna & avocado.  Yum.. I could eat a million of these and I liked it best because it had no rice to it!  The Vegas roll is also pretty good too.  If you want fresh pieces, stick with stuff like rainbow, hawaiian or the nigiri pieces.  & if you dont see something on the belt you want, just ask the sushi chefs to make it for you! That way, it's extraaaa fresh ;)They also have kitchen food as well, but I never bothered to order any of that.  Mostly because the portions are tiny and overpriced for it.. so I just stuck with sushi :)Prices are cheap! $1-$3 plates.. but it does add up quick because 1 plate only has a couple pieces to it.Happy eating!
5	I love this place, great and amazing prices with decent quality sushi. I always get Dragon Rolls and Rainbow rolls when I come here. I usually have to request them and they always taste great. Not the best, but considering its 2 dollars for 4 pieces of a dragon roll, that is a screaming dea! I always put a little sriracha on my dragon rolls and a little extra eel sauce and I love'em. I work nearby and come here at least once a week. I look at this as the equivalent of fast food sushi, not the best, but still damn tasty. I and my co-workers have never gotten sick eating here. This place is only good for the sushi and haru poppers. I do recommend ONLY sitting along the primary table area. There are two conveyor belts and they are not linked. The best and freshest sushi seems to always be by the area where they make it.The wait staff is hit or miss, but the cooks are fantastic and cool to talk too and watch them do their thing. This is a great place to come eat as you can get back before your 1 hour lunch is over. I have only ever eaten here during lunch time between 11-1. It can be crowded but the longest wait I saw was 15 mins, during the week.
5	You don't know until you try Teharu, the wonders of sushi plates stacked to the ceiling without breaking your wallet! I highly  recommend this spot. I loved the wait staff and sushi chefs -- excellent customer service and smiles all around the room. You can tell everyone was happy!
4	Fun sushi place for VERY inexpensive sushi.  I tried multiple plates, side of miso soup, side of rice.  All were fine, some were good, some were OK.I've been here 3 times and each time was fun.  It's better to go when they're busy so new items come out.Multiple staff members were very nice.  That made our visits more fun.
1	The quality of the food and the service has really gone down over the years. I've been coming here for years and choose not to come anymore. The way they make the nigiri is just done poorly. Not to mention, the freshness of their fish has become questionable. The last time I was there I went with my sister and we had salmon nigiri. The salmon was cut weird, almost like a triangle, and it was falling off the rice. Normally the salmon should have the stripes visible and it should sit comfortable on top of the rice. Anyways, it tasted pretty bad because the fish didn't taste fresh or tasted like salmon at all...and it was a bit chewy... We left right after that. Please note also if you like tuna, notice that it's a brownish red...not bright red. It means it's not fresh anymore so BE CAREFUL! Don't even get me started on the service...awful!!! The staff is not too nice. With this in mind, you have been warned!
1	Not impressed.  Service was fine. Food was less than mediocre.  Chef In back did not wear gloves when stuffing peppers a d wiping face then stuffing peppers. Bathroom smelled like sewer. Sewer drain partially open and in hall, water was coming out of wall.
3	Fair pricing for fresh sushi rolls and sashimi on a revolving bar.
3	Stopped by Teharu Sushi for the first time this week with a couple of friends. I'm not a huge sushi eater, however I am a fan of California Rolls! My roommates and I typically dine at Kona Grill because it's so fresh and inexpensive during happy hour! I haven't found a place I enjoy more than Kona. However, if you are looking for cheap sushi and want to eat a lot - this is the place for you!
1	I can say with confidence I will not be back, after eating here I had food poisoning leaving me with my head in a bucket and running to the bathroom  for dear life, it's a fast food type of sushi which makes you wonder how long they actually keep it on the conveyer belt, it's a poor excuse and fortunately they will not see me again.
5	I absolutely love this place. I do my best to come here at the very least once a week. If you're timing is right and you have a group of 4 or less, you can usually get a great spot. I've had a lot of very good, high quality sushi from all over the country and have no problem coming here anytime to grab dinner and be satisfied.The vibe, the atmosphere is fantastic. Typically very friendly when you come in the front door. Very typical, and welcome greetings from the entire staff when you enter. The food as mentioned is very good and especially when you start to consider the prices. The cost (determined by color of plates floating by) are very low for the food you are getting.I couldn't be happier with this place, the staff and the service. Anytime I have visitors here from LA, Texas, I make sure to take them and they are always blown away.. and frankly jealous I get to live merely minutes from here!If you're coming with a larger group, keep a heads up that you won't see immediate seating since this place is made mostly for smaller parties of 4 or so.
5	This place is awesome!! A great pick for a group who loves a variety on a budget. It's style is fantastic for my husband and I to get exactly what we want for half of what we pay at any 'ol sushi bar. We would recommend this place to anyone who will listen
5	The squid salad is soooo delicious. Best I have had in a very long time.
4	Oh my gosh I don't have words to describe first of all I love sushi and I love good deals and let me say this has both things that I greatly love! Prices are so affordable! You sit down and stare at the conveyer belt which has lots of yummy different types of sushi. When you see the one that even makes your stomach scream all you have to do is pick it up and start gobbling it up, it's sooo awesome!! I highly recommend this place, sushi is fresh you can actually see the sushi chefs make this delicious art piece, chefs are on the other side of the conveyer belt. Only thing is when I got there (keep in mind this was my first time there) was this lady who told me why didn't we wait to get seated, I didn't know I didn't see no sign maybe I missed it, but she could of been a little nicer about that situation she tried playing it off after I mentioned that I didn't know she said it was ok but whatever once again food was awesome!!! Just for the minor hiccup I rate a 4.
3	Average sushi. It's not bad, but definitely not the best I've had in the Phoenix Metro area. Prices are reasonable and they do keep the rotation pretty fresh. In addition to sushi they also put pudding cups and fruit cocktail into the rotation, which confuses me as I don't come to sushi bars to eat pudding. :P I've never seen anyone take any of the pudding or fruit cups off the belt. It gets super crowded at lunch, and slow, so if you're in a hurry this isn't a good place to go. The last time I came here for lunch the wait was long, and crowded, and for some reason they only had the sushi bar open had the dining room closed off, even though the conveyor belt hits every booth in the place. There were a few groups of people  waiting, and they could have been seated at the booths, so the sushi bar would have been freed up for everyone else. Service is a bit slow, but they are polite and cheerful. I haven't been here in awhile, so I plan on going again to see if anything has improved.
4	Sushi on conveyer belt, what can be better than That!!! I went to Phoenix to pick up my college freshmen so she took me there. The restaurant looked nice and clean.  Wait staffs are nice and respectful. I wish the sushi chefs were a bit more friendly but the moving sushi dished distracted me from feeling awkward.  Their pricing are very reasonable and lots of varieties.  I've read some positive reviews from other yelpers regarding dishes on the menu. I would love to try some of those next time I'm in town.  But the foods were good for the price we paid so I will definitely be back.
5	Sushi at an affordable price and on a conveyer belt which you can see what you get before you order! Vegas roll and dragon roll is zee best I love it here..i don't know that much sushi places where I can get full off of under 10 bucks. #winning! I just wish they had one closer in Mesa!
5	I seriously love this place. Great sushi without breaking the bank and the ability to try multiple types of rolls without having to commit to a full roll you may not like.
1	I went in for lunch and forgot my rings there. Realized I forgot them maybe five minutes after we left so I called and they said they were holding them for me. My boyfriend showed up to pick them up and he said the lady helping him would not speak English to him, so he got flustered and took what she gave him and left.Upon looking at what they gave him, my vintage silver spoon ring and vintage turquoise ring (all at an almost $100 value) were missing.You'd be hard pressed to find a thief who would work fast enough to sift through my rings before the busser came and steal only the two expensive ones. I'm extremely disappointed in this business and it deeply saddens me that Teharu Sushi can stay open as a business and steal from their customers.
4	You get exactly what you pay for when you dine here - no more, no less. And that's the beauty of Teharu sushi. It is perfect for that sushi fix when you don't care for super high quality. Plus once you are seated (there's a wait during peak hours but is a steady flow), you just grab your plates and dig right in. This has been our go-to for years and will continue to be. What's more fun than your sushi rolling right in front of you, ready to eat for no more than $3? Not much. Oh and this little detail may be small to others but I truly appreciate the bottles of unagi/eel sauce available at the bar for us who like sweet instead of salty soy sauce. I always have to ask for eel sauce at all other sushi joints. There is also unlimited pickled ginger at the bar/tables for your ginger lovers.
5	I  this place. The food is good the prices are great and the service is exceptional. I have been coming to Teharu for the past 6 years. For those of you that have known Teharu my picture was in there wall quiet a few times.
