5	This is a must see show. Old world variety/cabaret with a modern twist. Just like classic Commedia Dell'Arte Absinthe revels in the baseness of humanity to get us to laugh at ourselves while highlighting how amazingly awesome we can also be. Cirque fans will love seeing world class acts up close and comedy fans will love how edgy and risky the vibe is. This show makes you literally hoot and holler. It's been four days since I've seen it and I'm still high from the experience!
5	Vegas shows used to be all about tits, ass and feathers...but somewhere in the last 10 years the scene was hijacked by a pretentious gang of artsy-fartsy Quebecois poseurs who want us to believe we are experiencing high-brow art. NEWSFLASH, dumbasses: it's still tits, ass and feathers! OK, so the tits are the flat, athletic kind...and the makeup is conceptual....but still. Same shit, different show: O, KA, Le Reve, Love, Mystere, blah blah blah blah blah.Absinthe is the polar opposite of all those pretentious Cirque extravaganzas. It's in a little outdoor tent in front of Caesars Palace, and the stage is only about 8 feet in diameter, so no matter where you're sitting, you are in immediate danger of being hit by flying Russians and roller skates. No safety net, no smokescreens, no remove at all between audience and performers... and lots of swearing. That's the Russian way!The show is billed as an adult carnival, and it's basically an old-time circus acrobat revue chock-full of hot hardbodies fresh from the Eastern Bloc, with a few lip-synced burlesque numbers and some obscene banter between the emcee (the Gazillionaire) and his ditzy assistant Penny. But despite its humble premise, it's AWESOME! The hot Russian acrobats, as mentioned, are flipping and flying and skating and tight-rope-walking right over your head, and the tent is so small that you can hear every grunt and groan and joint popping. It is a much needed dose of realism on a street packed full of fake-ass dreams.My favorite part, though, is the obscene banter. I love me some dirty talk, and any show that has an 18+ age restriction is OK by me! I'm tired of listening to washed-up baby-boomers make corny, family-friendly  jokes to appease their corporate masters... it's about f*ckin' time someone tried something different!  In summation: if you're edgy, alternative, punk rock, Bohemian, artsy-fartsy or any of those annoying things (as I am), you'll dig this show.  This ain't no pantywaisted Cirque... this is Russian TSIRK! Long may it last!
4	A fun adult variety act show with a atmosphere of a " Tim Burton" French circus twisted dream. The comedy is edgy and fun. The performers were all extremely athletic and talented. What makes this show really exciting is the intimit nature of the circus tent. It is a really small tent so it feels like the performers could slip at any moment and land on your lap.
4	Absinthe was a great, fun, quirky little show. The show is in a tent located outside of Caesars Palace. That being said, the seating is a lot more 'intimate' than most other shows you'll watch in Vegas. I didn't mind it so much, but a lot of other patrons seemed uncomfortable with it. The one thing that I hated were the seats. They are wooden chairs and are not comfortable whatsoever. So be prepared to spend 90 minutes being uncomfortable. As for the performances of the show, they were amazing. Similar to the Cirque shows available, but with their own little twists. I won't go into specific detail as to not spoil the surprise. But I will say the host of the show, ' The Gazillionaire' and his assistant Penny are hilarious, and a great addition to the show. Their jokes definitely do not stay on the politically correct side of things, so if you get offended easily, it's not a show for you. Also, since the tent is so small, every seat available is a good seat. And on the same note, seating is first come first serve, so if you would like a seat in the first row or a seat in the aisle, go early.
5	When you walk up, eyebrows raised, you're not really sure what's going on here or what to expect.  The beer garden is interesting, but once you make your way into the tent, wooden plank floors, the smell of an old wooded cantina.....you feel like you are in an old jankity tent.  But it's soooo cool!  Sit in the front, you might get picked on to do a lap dance or something else you would be embarrassed doing all in exchange for free Absinthe booze..... or if you want to see your life flash before you....up close and personal is an understatement!  There is a rollerskating couple who I swear, I'm going to keep them in my prayers everyday that they don't die during their routine.  Go see it quick before something happens to them, it's CRAZY!Don't be offended by the racist, sexist, rude, or raunchy remarks by the 'host'.One word.....fun!I can't wait to go again.
5	Absinthe is a great 90 minute show.  The acts are quite dazzling and daring--strong men doing amazing lifts and balancing, a roller skating couple, aerial act, and much more.  Think V Variety Theatre meets Zumantiy, with a zany MC, the Gazillionaire, and his peppy sidekick, Penny.When I entered the beer garden area, open to the public, I was intrigued by the decor or lack thereof.  Bathtubs made into seats, assorted lights and letters to spell the name of the beer garden, whimsical lights--it has a little of everything.If you know someone who can get you a VIP ticket, take it.  I was VIP last night.  You get to enter a private lounge.  Access is through a green telephone booth.  Once you show your ticket, you step into the booth, pick up the phone, and when someone on the other side picks up, say anything you want.  He'll let you into the VIP area.  There's another bar in there and you get 1 free drink ticket with the VIP seating.  I had a great time chatting with people from out of town.  And, it's a relaxing area decorated in an eccentric manner a bit muted compared to the outside garden.VIP ticket holders are allowed into the circular building first, so this guarantees you the seat of your choice.  I took a front row seat, and it was great.  Being the 3rd person in the theatre has its perks.  I was also "picked on" by the Gazzilionaire a bit.  All in good fun and for lots of laughs--no lap dance from Penny.The acts are dazzling.  The performers are very talented.  The show is almost exactly 90 minutes.  The seats are wood, so they begin to feel uncomfortable after awhile.  They are also hooked together with lock ties so you can't get a bit more room from your neighbor.  This is because the stage is relatively small and the performers are coming in and out through small aisles.I highly recommend this show.  What an addition to the lineup of shows in Las Vegas.  At $69 before taxes and fees, this show is less expensive than many on the Strip.  Go and enjoy!
5	Dear Absinthe,THANK YOU. SO, SOOO MUCH.This show has to be the BEST thing to happen to The Strip since Frank Sinatra. Yes, you heard right. The amazing variety of the format, from a beautiful Burlesque singer, to death-defying roller skating, chair-stacking and no-net high-wire numbers leaving the audience at first terrified for their own safety, followed by spontaneous and uproarious standing ovations. All rolled along smoothly by an outrageously funny, improv-genius MC duo.One of the coolest features of Absinthe has got to be the century-old Spiegeltent housing the show, and the kooky/magical beer garden outside. There are thousands of mirrors adorning the structure, and a ring of stained glass windows above the audience. If Vegas is about fantasy, you are definitely transported to a world unlike any other you can find around town, without feeling like you're on a ride at Disneyland.The show's star (and I say star because other than the MC's, she's the only performer who appears multiple times) is the singer, whose real name is Melody Sweets (she plays the Green Absinthe Fairy). Not only is she gorgeous and engaging to every single audience member in the tent, but I found out that the songs she sings -- and does stripteases to, yum -- are her very own originals!! I thought at first she might be lip-syncing, but then she says snarky little things to the folks in the front rows, like getting them to snap their fingers, and you soon realize that she's just hands-down a great singer. Okay okay, so I was a little taken with her, but I bet you will be too!!Amid all the the beauty and acrobatics and vintage atmosphere, the real grease that keeps this mile-a-minute show squeaking by with a wink and a nod are the funniest MC combo since Martin and Lewis...their names are the Gazillionaire, whose limitless money is supposedly funding the show, and his adorable assistant Penny, whose ditzy antics quickly take a turn for the dirty and hilarious. They both seize upon audience members with breathtaking spontaneity, making you feel like the particular 85-minute show you are attending is unique...which, of course, it is.Insider's tip: if you can't get VIP tix, get there early to line up, as it's first-come, first-served seating and you definitely want to be in the front rows!! Don't sweat the wait; grab a beer and soak in the atmosphere outside the tent...It's allll part of the show, folks.
5	Awesome show! High-paced variety acts, fun hosts, audience interaction. I was on the edge of my seat (yes fairly uncomfortable wooden chair, but oh well) most of the show. The performers are crazy, the roller skating act is almost worth it alone...holy yikes!! Is it ok for kids? ABSOLUTELY NOT. Also, not recommended if you offend easily. Crude jokes galore! We got $54 (incl tax/fees) tickets from one of the Half Price Ticket vendors inside the Fashion Show mall, near TI. I would recommend getting to the beer garden area about an hour before the show, hang out and have some drink and enjoy the atmosphere. It's a general admission show, so everyone lines up and you pick your own seat. We were pretty far back in line so I was afraid we would get crappy seats but we still ended up in the 3rd row. I'd say there isn't a bad seat in the venue since its a round center stage. I have recommended it to all my friends!
5	Not for the timid or easily offended, this show is a hoot.  Sexy, naughty and nasty,  which just happened to be some of my favorite things.  Great performances with a tremendously funny host and super sexy- silly hostess.  Some very original acts that I haven't seen in other shows, plus a few familiar favorites.   Definitely recommend it for those who like something a bit different and more edgy.
5	GO SEE THIS NOW!! Acrobats + Burlesque + Naughty Comedy + Cabaret +Awesome Venue! Zumanity's edgier, funnier kid brother! Never been to a show where the standing ovation was so quick, automatic and sustained!This is the BEST show ever. Though lovely, I've gotten sleepy eyed at many Cirque shows -- but not here! Everything about this show, from the moment you walk into the beer garden to when you exit is designed to transport you to another place and time. The ambiance totally makes you forget you're in Vegas in the middle of the Strip. The show is held in a sectioned off portion of the Caesar's Palace near Serendipity called "Spiegelworld." When you're about to enter, there is no hint of what to expect beyond the gates. Once in, you're immediately struck by the Tim Burton-like set featuring a central "tree house" constructed from metal railings, chairs, birdcages and a spiral staircase. The string lights add a whimsical, carnival-like feel. Dotted around the grounds are various tables and chairs made from various odds and ends like bathtubs and wooden crates. This area is called the beer garden.When we entered there was already a line even though we arrived 30 minutes early. From my understanding, all seats are general admission. Even though we were near the end of the line, we got fabulous seats only 3 rows from the stage and didn't miss out on getting some great beer.For anyone who has ever seen Cabaret the musical, this show will be totally up your alley. Cabaret has the Emcee; Absinthe has it's Gazillionaire. He's really the driving force behind the feel of the show. He's kitschy, naughty, hilarious and has incredible chemistry with his assistant Penny.The performances are fantastic. Of particular magnificence were the skating duo (amazing!), the strong men acts and the parody-performance by the Gazillionaire and Penny.    Though we got same day tickets at the 1/2 price vendors, the show was so good I would have gladly paid double. Shows are Tuesday to Sunday, dark on Mondays.
5	Do not miss this show! It was one of the coolest shows I have ever seen in Las Vegas. The stage is so small you feel like you are in the middle of the act and that just doesn't happen a lot in Vegas. Try getting your tickets across the street at Bill's Gamblin Hall Tix4Tonite booth and save $20 bucks like I did.
4	I was really surprised at how well this show was put together. The first thing though is the really cool beer garden that has beer pong, cornhole and shuffleboard outside. But anyways back to the show. The show is held inside an Antique retrofitted Spiegel tent that fits 800 people. The seats are pretty uncomfortable and have very narrow aisles. Also it is first come first serve seating. So, don't show up late!! The show itself is really how I feel Cirque should of approached Zumanity.Lots of Adult humor, don't take itself too seriously, make it sexy, make it fun and create an intimate environment. There is not a bad seat either since it is only about 10 rows deep. The roller skaters are probably the coolest craziest thing I have ever seen. It truly leaves you in disbelief and the Gazillionaire is really funny too. Angel from Holly's World is now in the show too and her boobs make a nice cameo appearance. Not a 5 star really because it is not comfortable viewing and the lack of assigned seats.
5	I went to this show tonight and it was funny!!! Some real hot european girls in it as well.... the host of the show was great, made me laugh my ass off as well as this comedic "silk act".... the show is basically Cirque Du Soleil style in a small tent in front of Ceasers Palace..... also this guy and girl act on roller skates was real neat.
5	Simply put, one of the BEST live shows I've ever seen.In Vegas for a bachelor party, seven of us headed to the Half Price Tickets booth to find a deal for a burlesque show of some sort (only criteria was boobs, really). Thankfully one of the ticket agents started raving about Absinthe, and he hadn't even seen it yet! This supported by a quick check against Yelp reviews, and we had seven tickets in hand (well, not really; you get a receipt that you exchange for the tickets at Caesar's). I think we paid $48 per ticket.In any case, the big top is located in a fenced-in area adjacent to Caesar's Palace, and is honestly a great waiting area. A small but excellent offering of draught beers are on tap (Chimay and Kronenbourg 1664), and there're lots of seating splayed about. Arrive at least 30 minutes before the show, and do make an effort to get into line early. The seating is general admission, and we were very pleased sitting in the third row. Note: I would avoid the seating area directly opposite from the main entrances; parts of the performance take place near/behind this area, and I noticed some patrons had to turn right around to watch.I went into the show completely dumb about the kind of acts I would see, so I won't go into that detail here (the surprise added to the thrill of the performance). I'll just say that there will be singing, humour, and tons of acrobatics. One of the acts had me feeling incredibly anxious (and not a lot gets a stir out me), with other patrons literally being unable to watch. Finally, not only were there boobs, but these women were gorgeous, and incredibly fit and athletic. Not to be out done, the shirtless male performances reminded us of how pathetic we all are, as we downed our beers. This really is a show for both sexes, and I've been damn near adamant that a friend's bachelorette party see this when they're in Vegas soon.Our voices were coarse by the end of the spectacle from all the hootin' and hollerin'. There's no doubt in my mind that this topped any show we could have seen in Vegas - burlesque, Cirque, or otherwise!
5	This show was a BLAST!  One of the best live shows I have seen so far.  It has everything acrobatics, comedy, and great seating.  We heard such good things about it and we are so happy we gave it a try.  The beer garden was a great place to relax while waiting for the doors to open, but the drinks are overpriced.  I would recommend walking right outside to the Bacardi Bar if you want cheaper drinks. If you are looking for a great show...YOU MUST SEE IT!!  I saw some of the prior posts about uncomfortable seating, but I wasn't uncomfortable at all.  The isle's are a bit narrow but I walked freely without hitting anyone so they are wider than a movie theater.  We were the 6th people to line up at the door so we had excellent seats on the 3 row.  Be sure and start lining up 30 min. before the show (no assigned seating).The show itself makes you feel like you are part of the action.  And some lucky audience members did get to participate.  The comedy was really funny...not cheesy at all like I was expecting.  Some of these performers are beyond words.  It truly is a show you just have to see to appreciate.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
5	Absolutely AWESOME!!! It's a MUST SEE! Lisa Lampanelli meets the circus! I was reluctant at first, but it was amazing! See Absinthe while it's still in Vegas!
5	Amazing!  Stop searching and go buy tickets!  I bought these last minute and couldn't have been happier about the whole experience.  It is as good (actually better in my opinion) than any Cirque shows.  Why?  Because it is funny, edgy, and acrobatic.  Also we waited until almost everyone had lined up and we still had great seats!!!!  It was truly entertainment at its best.
5	ABSINTHEloutly a must see! Escape the douchiness of the Vegas club scene at the "beer garden" which literally kisses the edge of the Strip. Near Ceasars Palace? Detour now pedestrians. Anyone can enter the quirky drinking arena for some relaxing libations combined with an outstanding eclectic music mix ranging from punk to hip hop and beyond-no cover charge-drink prices decent for being on the strip. I will come back simply to hang here for cocktails, friendly conversation, smart music mix and street smarty/arty/carni vibe. My advice is to arrive EARLY, walk around, explore and absorb what this drinking area has to offer. BAM! We're off to a great start, and the show has yet to begin. Absinthe is simply-beautiful, flirty, comedic, and dirty. The round stage can't be more than 15 feet in diameter, with a mere 5 rows of seats circling the stage, elevating the thrill factor ten fold. There are some serious acrobats and other circus acts that are nothing short of mesmerizing, and are appreciated even more with everyone's up close seating. The intimacy adds to the level of danger and excitement. Seriously, one slip, and....well...never mind. Lets just say there are no safety nets-I like that. The tent is also beautifully done, creaky hardwood floors, square wooden-almost elegant tent poles, red velvet booths line the perimeter of the tent, with matching red velvet at the dome. Think hints of Bourbon Street, and 19th century traveling shows. The ring leader/Gazillionaire is Don Rickles meets Andy Kaufman's alter ego Tony Clifton. Penny is a hilarious cutie a la a raunchy Gracie Allen. Leave your political correctness at the door please. Oh! The music...jeeze...Doris Day, to Wild Beasts, to Bon Jovi, Bobby Darren, Muse, The Hollies, Tbilisi Symphony Orchestra, and Susan Boyle, just to name a few. Smart and silly, quirky and cirquey with a little burlesquey. Yeah, I kinda liked it.
5	Amazing show!!!!! I haven't laughed that hard in a long time. Worth skipping the big names of O or Zoomanity for this hilarious, more intimate acrobatic display!! The beer garden is a lot of fun too!!
5	Since this was our first time in Vegas and there were so many shows to choose from, we did a lot of research. Based on Yelp reviews, we chose Absinthe.  Boy, what a riot!!!  From the beginning to the end, we were entertained.  Gazillionaire and Peggy were hilarious.  The "bodyguard" duo was  amazing.  And the rollerskater duo was crazy.  I would definitely recommend Absinthe to anyone who is visiting Vegas.
5	Best show I have ever seen in Vegas. Its a great mix of insult comedy, cirque du soleil level acrobatics just a few feet from your chair. Plus a little burlesque thrown in for good measure. The Gazillionaire and Penny are so funny my side was hurting from laughing. Well worth the $49 ticket price for locals.  i'm going to see if again next week. I rarely see a show more than twice. But I get the feeling this show will be a little different every time.
5	Sexy time... Oh yeah!Imagine that being purred with a eastern European accent and you've summed up my sentiments.I'm not a big "show" person. I suffer from a slight case of ADD and cringe when forced to watch lengthy performances on TV, let alone the live version. Actually, I'm kind of famous for ducking out of most live shows early no matter what. Seriously, I don't even know what happens in the third act of Les Miserables - and who really cares? Based on the first two acts and the setting, I figure they all die anyway.But I digress. Absinthe didn't have me too worried - I had barely gotten off the plane and was whisked away to a Cesar's Palace circus tent. No time to hem and haw about this one. Based on the flea market aesthetic of the outdoor "lobby" (complete with shuffleboard table) and the fact that they're slinging drinks before you even get to your seats, this was already shaping up to be a good night. As most have already said in their reviews, the show itself is a mixture of comedy, acrobatics and vaudeville. It's definitely not for the uber-conservative crowd that's seeking a Celine Dion-esque experience. Think: pasties, repeated use of the "f word", a sock puppet sex simulation and the slightest peek of a dude's junk. No, I would not take my parents here. Your parents, however, might be into it... it just depends.From start to finish, I think the show lasts about an hour and a half? Just the right amount of time. I laughed. A lot. And I couldn't keep my eyes off the stage, which is a sign that it's more than enough entertainment for one person.
5	Best show I've seen in a long time.  I laughed until I cried.  Everything was great.  The comedy, the acrobatics, the music, the intimate venue.  LOVED IT.  Everyone was raving about it after the show.
5	Absinthe is a fantastic show!!A group of us went to the 9:30p Saturday night show. We took advantage of the $49/ticket locals special. I believe it's good through the end of June 2011.WOW it such a fun, sexy, crazy show! Like others have commented, the seating is first come, first serve so don't let Ticketmaster tell you otherwise. They almost messed us up had we not decided to just go early anyway. Our group consisted of 5 people so it was worth it to arrive 40 mins early (the line was slightly long) but we were able to all sit together in the 4th row. That was close enough to enjoy the show. The "tent" venue is very small. The stage is teeny tiny, but that's what adds to the show's atmosphere.I am not an absinthe-alcohol fan (I don't care for the black licorice taste) so I sipped on a jack and diet coke. Definitely having a drink to loosen up helps as some of the jokes and comedy are very off-color (i.e. visuals of a unicorn with male genitalia on its head instead of a horn) with a good measure of racism. I wouldn't recommend this show for children/teens or ultra-conservative adults. That said, it is a hilarious show and if you are aware of what the show consists of going in you will enjoy your experience.Our absolute favorite portion of the show were the rollerskaters. When you see the show, you will know what I'm talking about! :)All the performers were outstanding and the entire cast really works their buns off during the entire show. No slackers or lagging performances here. Go see it!
5	Utterly spectacular.  I've been to quite a few shows (Love, Peepshow, Zumanity, Crazy Horse, Jubilee...) and this one was one of the best!Get there an hour early and enjoy the beer tent.  Chimay on tap and cornhole set up in the courtyard.My only negative comment - the show is an hour and a half long.  The rows are awkward at best to get out of, and for the last half hour you aren't allowed to use the aisles because part of the act is in the aisle.  So ladies - make sure you use the rest room before the show!!
5	This show absolutely deserves all 5 stars, and it's fitting that it currently averages 5, it's amazing awe inspiring and jaw dropping.It's hilarious and there is both raunch humor shock value and acrobatic shock value (roller skaters!!!) My big group and I kept quoting the jokes and raving nonstop about the routines, especially the skaters who we've been watching on endless look on youtube! The whole cast is so sexy, too! Which doesn't hurt. i thought the burlesque style girl in all her emerald green and katy perry esque dark hair was absolutely gorgeous!This show is just about perfect; the only caveat I'd add is DON'T TAKE YOUR KIDS! Go with grown ups. Seriously obsessed with the roller skaters! And the guys who went from security guard to acrobats were amazing as well, the two emcees were super funny.
5	THE best show I have ever seen in Las Vegas. The show was recommended to us by a helpful cabbie and we couldn't have been more pleased. The show is unpretentious and doesn't take itself too seriously which is a welcomed change from the snooty pretentiousness of modern Vegas. It's sort of Cirque-esque with some acrobatics and death defying acts (the roller skating people were intense!). The intimiate setting of the show is ideal for the performances as they are literally a few feet in front (or above) you. In some instances, audience members are advised not to stand up or talk b/c that is literally how close and personal the show is. The show has some (tasteful) nudity and some singing numbers. Be sure to get your tickets from Tix4Tonight. We got tickets for 51 (at the box office it was 69). Arrive early to get the best seats (but be warned, if you sit in the front you may get picked on by the hilarious Gazillionaire)!
5	By far the best show in Vegas. The only bad thing is the seats.  They are tight and very uncomfortable. Once you get past that this show is funny, jaw dropping, amazing, OMG incredible. You are so close to the action its amazing no one in the audience gets hurt. And the performers are incredible. I don't know how to say it any other way. GO SEE IT!
5	Loved the show, especially the small, up close and personal setting.  When the MC (the Gazillionaire) says don't stand up, or you'll get kicked, he isn't kidding.  Can be a little raunchy, and definitely not for the strait laced types, with the barely there pasties, but a fun show.  Acrobatics are the forte, the singing was so-so, but a good transition from the various acts.  Loved the bubble girl too.
5	This show was so much fun!  Definitely get the VIP tickets so you can go through the green telephone booth and get free cocktails!!!You also get priority seating with these tickets and get to swing in hammocks and sit in old creepy dentist chairs in a secret room :)This show had the coolest acrobatics, my favorite was the couple on roller skates.Angel Porrino (from "Holly's World") is in one act that is pretty cute. You will not be disappointed by this show and afterwards you can go in Caesar's and win a bunch of money.
4	I found Absinthe to be quite good - the acrobats were amazing and mind-blowing and the cabaret aspect very sexy - but unlike basically everyone else here I found the raunchy comedy act by The Gazillionaire tasteless and vulgar only for the sake of being so and really not very funny - if you can endure this aspect and the unbelievably uncomfortable chairs, the show is otherwise excellent.  Be sure to arrive a half-hour before the doors open to grab a good spot in the long line for open unreserved seating.
5	How is this show not sold out until 2020? I was able to get six tickets to the Saturday night show over Memorial Day weekend with only a few days advance notice. The show didn't even sell out and after attending I cannot understand why. I have seen every Cirque Show in Vegas as well as several other non CDS shows and this one is my new favorite. It is everything you would expect from a Vegas Show. It's a funny, sexy, mind boggling, show set in an intimate lounge type location. There really isn't a bad seat in the house and the performers are so close you feel like you are part of the act. When you see how sexy some of the performers are you might wish you were part of the show. A lot of people have commented that the show is vulgar and over the top but I disagree. The Gazillionaire and his sidekick were like any other emcee orComedy act you would see across the country. Do they swear? Yes.  Do they make sexual jokes? Yes. Do they offend all races equally? Yes. Was it entertaining? Unbelievably so.  If you can get tickets to this show you will be amazed. The ticket prices are much moreaffordable than any Cirque show and the acts are every bit as impressive if not more. Our group of six was blown away. Having our own beer garden with Cornhole and shuffleboard after the show was an added bonus.
4	My friend got free tix from her work to see this show and asked me to tag along.  At first, I was afraid.  After walking through the casino and asking for directions, nobody seemed to know what we were talking about.  I think it was one of their first shows though so I'll excuse them for that.  Walking into the tent area was...interesting.  I was really starting to wonder what we were getting ourselves into.  Luckily, I got a few margaritas in me and was feelin good by the time the show started.  It was definitely different and not like any show I'd ever seen.  It was funny, sexy and entertaining.  There were a few parts where my stomach hurt from laughing so hard.  The skating couple was pretty hot and I was NOT complaining about the half naked men.  I'd recommend the show overall.
5	Fucking shit!! What a great show. A billion thanks to RACHEL S. for the hookup!! This was the only show I've wanted to see this year. I was pretty excited beforehand and it was all that and more. A couple of glasses of Chimay in the beer garden had us in a great mood. Really cool circus tent set up and transports you to another place altogether. Stage setting is great..talk about in your face! We were lucky to snag seats in the left side of the 1st row. The acts were incredible with my fave being the rollerskating couple. My heart rate was not only up since their act blew me away but also because they were SO CLOSE to us. One slip up would've sent the female skater hurling into the first 3 rows. The gazillionaire and his assistant had our sides splitting in laughter throughout the show. Definitely don't bring people easily offended by off color jokes. I also wouldn't recommend taking your mother...unless she'd down to touch tongues with another random chick. Don't ask..just go!!!!!!
5	I was afraid I was becoming jaded to Strip entertainment.  After seeing countless Cirque shows, the bar was so raised that I was afraid Absinthe might let me down.Soooo wrong on so many counts.  Absinthe is by far the most interesting show in Vegas right now.  Yes, suck it, Celine.The venue adds to the interest.  The show is held in a small, turn-of-the-century-esque tent in the middle of the under used Caesar's courtyard.  Inside is a small intimate setting with wooden chair seating (beware, they're uncomfortable but they add to the experience).  The aesthetic is incredible and lends to the feeling that you're truly at a retro carnival.  Some of the acts are similar to stuff you'll see at Cirque but they step it up several notches.  You truly wonder about  the performers' safety because they're not wearing harnesses. A worker's comp extravaganza.  And, during the roller skating act, it is very possible you may get kicked in the face during a death-defying stunt.  If you want real excitement (and possible head trauma), you'll find it here.  You're so close the action you can see every muscle flex and every bead of sweat.  I've seen nothing else like it.The comedy, however, makes this show and sets it apart from the rest. The Gazillionaire and Penny are hilarious and make the transitions as great as any of the acts. But, If you're thinking about bringing your ultra-conservative grandmother, she'll probably write you out of her will.  This show is risque and not for the Donny and Marie crowd.  Absinthe definitely raised the bar for me.  If you want a truly memorable entertainment experience in Las Vegas, you MUST go.  I've seen nothing like Absinthe and I can't wait to go again. A huge thanks to Rachel S. for the hookup!!
5	OMG! One hell of a show. If you are not a Puritan, you will laugh your ass off. A pseudo cirque meets vaudeville meets HBO comedy special. Some eye candy thrown in for good measure. My friends & I had a blast. A few of us actually peed our panties. It was that good. Highly recommend.
5	I would have paid full price and then some for the potential of getting kicked in the face, teased into kissing a girl and having a balance beam fall on me. Is it wrong that I actually had more fun at Absinthe than at Cirque? Well, I'm just putting it out there. I did! And I'd go again, and again. Guys and gals will equally be tickled by the array of pecs, packages, pasties and primed abs. Oh come now, you know you wanna believe that that hot Eastern European acrobat is making eyes at you between the sets of acrobatic, comedic, burlesque. Others have mentioned how to get to the tent, but I'll just add, it's a minimum of 5 minutes in a full speed walk from Max Brenner at the other end of the Forum Shops to here. If you purchase your tickets from one of those ticket resellers, you still need to go to the box office 1 hour ahead of time to pick them up. And don't underestimate the line of people waiting to get in for general admission when the doors open 10 minutes before the performance starts. But don't worry, I don't think there's a bad seat in the house.... except maybe a few of the ones of the front row ones... unless you don't mind being roasted by the hosts and almost kicked in the face. We were there on a Saturday night, and at the tail end of the line, and still managed to snag seats in the middle of the action.Warning: Don't bring prudes. They say it right at the beginning, but someone who doesn't find sock puppets enacting sexual encounters, does not belong in this room.
5	I have been living in Las Vegas since I was 12 years old and I have seen just about every show on the strip. While my favorite continues to be The Love Show (due to my affinity for the Beatles), I nevertheless believe Absinthe is one of the best shows on the strip. At the very least, it is the most unique and diverse production to hit the strip in years.Absinthe entails an intimate atmosphere. At first glance, it seems like a tiny circus tent that cost close to nothing to build and is not nearly as glamorous as other shows on the strip, especially not those in its price range. However, it surpasses them in character. It's not a normal show room. You will sit on small, folding chairs, view a small stage, watch strangely dressed actors and be reminded of a 1950's era saloon. There is not a bad seat in the house. It has the acrobatics appeal of a cirq show and the comedy and live music of Danny Gans mixed with modern, amazing, youth-oriented comedy. Never fear though - it is not entirely anti-maturity...you just need to be able to laugh!  And WOW!!!! Adding any Circ show  with the comedic touch of seeing someone like Chelsea Handler perform stand-up....A+ in my book! I took my girlfriend here after we had an incredible dinner at Mastro's Ocean Club (another tremendous review to follow), and we absolutely loved it. f you don't enjoy loud humor and obnoxious comments paired with incredible acrobatics and stunts, this is not the show for you. However, if you love to laugh and se a unique take on the type of show every Vegas casino attempts to put on - this is the show for you. If you can afford it/feel like splurging, get the VIP tickets. VIP i's more money but you get early access/prime seating and a free drink (anything you want aside from Dom Perignon or however you spell it). They also have absinthe that Ih ear was very strong and very similar to the real stuff. I am extremely picky (because I am spoiled due to the standards of Vegas) and I rarely write reviews. This is the first 5 star review I have ever posted and the first review I have written that has been longer than a paragraph or two. Trust me - go see it. See the show! If you don't like it, I will personally allow you to buy me more tickets. ;) Enjoy!!!!
5	Hoping this show will last and grow because the concept is so great. Crude to the point of "oh my gosh did they just say that" but haven't laughed that hard in a really long time. And the thrills - definitely had to cover my eyes during the one part because I was scared for them and couldn't believe it. Go - the action is so close and the laughs are so good!
5	Loved this show! The setting is so great; I've never been so close up to see everything like that. All of the acts are really good and the comedy part was hilarious. Don't go if you are easily offended:)
5	Fucking awesome!!!!   If you don't like my use of the word "fuck" this is the wrong fucking show for you!!!   Better than any of the Cirque show or any other show in Vegas.
5	Amazing show, though not for the easily offended (lots of swearing, crude jokes, etc.)  But I thought it was hilarious.  There is not a bad seat in the entire house.  You get to see the amazing Cirque Du Soleil-esque acts up close and personal.  Definitely go to this show!
5	Happy, fearful, and in complete awe are all the feelings I experienced with absinthe.  I wonder if the infamous European drink evokes the same emotions???There was comedy, sexuality, acrobats, and a tight-rope act; not exciting enough? Try having all of that - all up in your face!  Part of the appeal is the intimacy between the audience and the performers - makes for a laughable & terrifying show :). This show is not for kids, the faint of heart or people who can't laugh at themselves.We found great discounts at the up to 50%off ticket booths outside Bill's gambling hall & there's also one in excaliber.  Online general tickets sells for $78 but we got our tickets for $58.  Keep in mind there are no bad seats.  If you feel very adventurous sit in the front row for a memorable experience.  Let's just say I now know what a moose knuckle is...
4	We had some friends join us in Vegas for the wknd to celebrate a friends birthday and wanted to see a fun/unique show and found this here on yelp actually. Based on the reviews, we knew what to expect.We ended up running late wi dinner and were close to the end of the line of people waiting to get into the general seating area. Past reviews have mentioned that there is not a bad seat in the house. I would say that is not necessarily true if you have a mirrored pole in your way or if you are in the last 2 rows. The rows are all flat and do not elevate, as in most theatre seating so If you have someone tall in front of you, and you're in the back, you'll be dodging back and forth to catch a glimpse at the action.The show itself was fun, funny, raunchy and had some jaw-dropping moments where you seriously wondered if the performers might soon fall off the stage and into your lap. The seating/theatre is in a circus "in the round" style and the performers play to all sides equally. Some are better than others. We all liked the roller skaters and the body guards act best. The MC and his side kick were pretty funny but got a bit carried away with the gay jokes at times. It's funny even to a group of gay guys, like us--until it's the 25th time you are hearing that something that just happened on stage was "gay" and yukyuk isn't that funny?? That said, they are equal opportunity offenders of all minorities and the people in the front row are usually the easiest targets to be heckled by the host.The beer garden area was ok but we didn't arrive early enough to enjoy it before the show and since we saw the 9:30pm performance, we didn't hang out afterwards to see if it anything fun happened after the show. Although there are waitresses pushing trays if the signature drinks if you want a quick buzz.It was fun--not fantastic. That's the feeling I had when we left. Something I'd tell people to go to if they have a group of people that do NOT include anyone's parents and can handle an unmeasurable amount of f-bombs and constant/blatant sexual innuendo.
5	Funny show, incredible feats of strength and acrobatics. If you don't want to be part of the show don't sit in the first row! Small venue makes this show even better. Some of the stuff was scary close ( I was in the first row). I got the VIP tickets and went early but it's not really necessary since there were plenty of seats. If you go there before the show they sell discounted tickets out front of the venue. Good bartenders and interesting drinks. See this show, it will surprise you...
5	Alright, clearly it is a 10 out of 10 show. HIGHlarious and breath-taking!!!!!Here are helpful tips: The show is dark Mondays which also means their box office (the Absinthe box office located right behind Serendipity and right outside of hotel registration--don't let employees direct you to the Jerry Seinfeld Celine Dion Matt Goss box office no no no) is closed on Mondays. *The 9:30 shows are now changed to 10pm. Ahem, time for an update of your website....* That's ok because it afforded us time to go to the Munch Bar inside Caesars. We got seated at 9pm and lo and behold, the Pussy Cat Doll go-go dancer started to perform before our eyes so we got our fair share of entertainment if you know what I mean, great timing 9pm.I recommend getting the VIP tickets because you get priority seating (it is a free for all, no assigned seating). The venue is a make shift tent so when I complained "why are their POLES blocking some people's views!" my husband replies "Um, hun, to hold up the tent." If you don't get VIP tickets, make sure you're there in advance to hold your place because a line forms so you can get a full view, I kind of had a partial view but the show is so entertaining it was worth the neck gymnastics I did. There's a bar serving drinks within the beer garden (carnival feel) so don't be dismayed at the wait. Also, when you're there you can play champagne-pong, and they have that shuffle board (?) game with the wood shavings and there are seats to sit down (limited). During a high risk stunt, a fool in the front row started to snap pictures with flash. Staff immediately discouraged him, but still he could have disoriented the death-defying stuntman who was holding on to his partner for dear life. It took all of me not to give him a piece of my mind after the show. Please do not use flash (!!!!!), these performers make it look easy, but since the venue is so intimate you are able to see how complex and truly at risk they are at all times! For this reason, I'm glad I didn't sit in the very front row!!! ENJOY! limited engagement so buy your tickets today. :0)
4	it was good i enjoyed it, just some acts were a bit boring but the majority was great.my favorites were: the skater couple they were amazing!!! and the narrators they were so funny!! least favorite was the singing and the bubble routine.  but OVERALL IT WAS GREAT! SO CHECK IT OUT!
5	So glad we got to see this show on our last visit.  Just the right amount of comedy, sex, and acrobatic performance.  The stage itself is very small and since your in a circus tent everyone is crammed into this tight circle...not very comfortable...but, that is my only complaint.  The singing was good and the stunts were jaw dropping but the shocking raunchiness of the two hosts  was jaws to the knees hysterical...NOT FOR EVERYONE, HOWEVER.  My heart was nonstop racing...whether it was from the terrifying thought of being picked on by the ringleader..(FYI don't sit in the very front) or because I felt like my head would be decapitated by an incredible rollerskating act.The show was well worth the money.  Especially, since we bought our tickets last minute at tix for less.  The tent was packed though, so get yours soon in the day.  Also, the tent is in front of Caesars Palace and Tix 4 Less offers many discounts on dining nearby too.  So make a night out of it!  It won't disappoint.
5	Thank you yelp! We basically had plans almost every night while in Vegas but only one night open to go see a show. We saw so many advertised, but was not sure which one to go to. I started checking yelp for reviews and after reading every single one on this show, I knew we had to go. It was located in Caesar's Palace right outside where we stayed, perfect! We bought our tickets discounted at a great price. Outside as we waited in the line there was a bar outside. Absinthe, cocktails, beer, wine oh my they really knew how to make some fabulous drinks and the bartenders were awesome! So onto the show, you get squeezed in, no assigned seating, horrible very hard uncomfortable chairs where I was in between my hubby and brother in law and thought oh hell no this is NOT going to work. I was very uncomfortable. The show begins: The host was hysterical, I thought I was having a heart attack from laughing so hard. From the amazing stunts, the comedy, oh yes it is raunchy at it's best. In front of us sat an older couple who the look on their faces throughout the show was priceless. Like another reviewer stated, if you can not handle FUCK, DICK, SEX, BLOW JOBS, ETC....DO NOT COME! You see skin and lots of it, but both men and ladies. The entire staff are so talented. Yes, we all have seen stunts over and over again but they put such a twist on their routine's, it is simply amazing. Funny, sexy, sultry, pure shock with some stunts. This by far was so worth it and one of the best shows I have ever seen. Perfect two hour's of excitement! If you are looking for the best deal and the best show in Vegas, this is a MUST see! Trust me you will not regret it. Bring kleenex cause you will be crying from all the laughter, oh and maybe an ass pillow! It was truly such an incredible show that me being uncomfortable was not an issue. The pain was worth it. The two polish performers came out after the show and was so sweet to take pictures with us. HOTNESS! My favorite highlights: The two polish guy's, the roller derby guy and lady, wow! The two hysterical host, lady in giant balloon, etc....really loved it all. Thank you for two hours of so much fun!
4	I want to give this five stars, but the Rita Rudner lookalike's rant with puppets went on too long.  That said, this was awesome...  the best show I've seen in Vegas, since...  well....  sorry David Copperfield...  but I saw your Vegas show three times in three different cities over the past ten years:  GET A NEW ACT!We got the VIP tickets.  Get VIP tickets.  Get a free drink.  Hang out with other people enjoying their free drink before the show.  Get your choice of the FRONT ROW.  And don't worry about them harassing you too much... the performers don't... unless you antagonize them (thank you, Hoff!) by gesturing that your package is bigger than theirs...  I'll stop there.  The performers were amazing, and the fact that you are seeing this THISCLOSE is pretty impressive.  The bodyguards steal the show.  They were just beautiful performers.  I also liked the rollerskating couple.  But really, every performer was extremely talented.  Overall, it was a fun experience.  I'd go see it again.
5	So glad I decided to see this show, which came highly recommended by local Vegas friends and Yelp! It was sexy, hysterical, stunning, and super entertaining!! I would definitely go back to see it! I can't really choose a favorite, the entire cast was stellar. Although the roller skating couple and the bodyguards did make my jaw drop.Come early to get your seats!
5	Thank you to everyone who has yelped about this show. I don't know if I would have noticed it without Yelp. This show was perfect. Great performers, funny acts, and not a bad seat in the place. Get there about 45mins early, grab a drink, and get in line. I don't think you have to buy vip to be happy. It's general admission, so you pick where you go. The front row will be messed with, so choose seating carefully.  Don't go if you can't handle dirty jokes. Seriously though, go. It's fantastic, and you will laugh so hard it hurts.
5	Imagine Cirque Du Soleil having a much younger, mentally deranged, vivacious brother.....that would be ABSINTHE. This show took my breath away!!! I even enjoyed It more than allot of the Cirque shows. The Gazillionaire did a great job at animating the crowd!
4	I really thought this was the right way to spend an evening in Vegas. The venue itself is worth the price of admission. It's so awesome to be so close to the performers - you really learn to appreciate all that goes into these acts. I laughed a lot...especially after trying one of their signature absinthe drinks...funky funky funky. Don't be a sheep, do something just a bit off the beaten path while in Vegas. See this show.
5	What a great show, an adult variety act.   If you're easily offended, this isn't the show for you.  But if you want something unique, funny, amazing, then see Absinthe. It's been noted that the seats aren't the most comfortable, but hey every seat pretty much has a great view.  I'd see it a second time without a doubt.
5	The best, most entertaining show you'll possibly ever see!  It's hilarious, rude, crude, and has incredible talent with gorgeous women and guys that will make you feel really shitty about yourself.   The best value of any show you will ever see as well, tix are only $70-$100 and you can even get them discounted at one of the tix for less places on the strip.  This show is worth twice as much, next time I'm in town I will definitely go check it out again.    As other reviewers have said, If you're easily offended, this probably is not the show for you, but if that's the case, then Fuck You, you're a boring human being and need to enjoy life a little more.  I can't tell you enough good things, so just listen to me, and the rest of these assholes on here and check out the fucking show already!
5	Being a local we can be a little snooty when it comes to entertainment. I mean we live in the entertainment capitol of the world. Every once in a while I am still completely blown away. This show takes a step back in time and while keeping a current Las Vegas vibe to it. At times you are so close to the action you feel like you are in the show. All of the performers keep you on the edge of your seat and The Gazillionaire is insane. Penny is incredibly funny and fun to follow on twitter too @pennypibbets. Know this Absinthe I will be back for more. Oh I almost forgot, beer garden earns extra bonus points.
5	One of the best entertainment deals in Las Vegas!It is a burlesque cabaret circus, with comedy, variety acts, strip-tease, and astonishing acrobatics. I'm sure that "Absinthe" will draw comparisons to Cirque's "Zoomanity" - but this is far more intimate, much funnier, also far more risque. Send your conservative parents to Zoomanity; go with your cool friends to Absinthe.As with many circus shows, not every act is on at every performance. The acts that you see will depend on the night you go.  In my mind this makes "Absinthe" worth a return visit or five.[NERD WARNING] - "Absinthe" is performed inside of an authentic  restored "Spiegeltent" (look it up on Wikipedia).  Anyone with an interest in performing arts history should go if for no other reason than to experience the beautiful structure from the inside. It is a work of art unto itself, and worth seeing.If you are offended by (very!) sexually explicit language, you should probably see another show. Otherwise, don't miss it.
5	So awesome! Not for kids or the faint of heart, but a raucous, creative and outrageous evening. Hard to describe, but IMHO a cross between Cirque, Teatro Zinzanni, and an old fashioned freak show. We laughed so hard that it hurt. Definitely recommend it!
5	When it comes to Vegas shows, you definitely have your choice of seeing ones that will ultimately leave you in your seats with an awe-struck look. BUT, do you just want to see talent, or do you want to have a little bit of everything? Absinthe is probably the BEST show I've been to in Vegas...well, quite possibly ever! But I warn you, it's raw. You've got raw comedy which will have you laughing histerically and shaking your head at the same time. And if you're easily offended, this probably isn't the show for you. And if you're looking to become a part of the act, sit in the front row. :) They definitely have crowd involvement. But it doesn't just stop at the raw comedy. You have acrobatics varying from dancing with a hint of strip-tease, flipping, tight rope walking, roller skating and physical displays of strength. Everything you would see in a cirque show but better. Everyone in our group loved it and our age range was between 25-45. Granted, we all have a great sense of humor and mostly laugh at those who are just uptight, but honestly, if you aren't laughing and having a blast at this show, there is probably something seriously wrong wtih you...and you should lighten up, grab a drink and just relax and enjoy life. I'm still amazed at how great the show was...you won't be disappointed!
5	This show is hilarious!  They don't have preferred seating but the area is not that big that you can easily see the show.  This is definitely a show for mature audience.  Expect a lot of nudity, profanity and swearing.  But other than that it was fun.
5	I absolutely loved this show! Very possibly the best Vegas show I have ever seen! We had VIP tickets and I can say they were worth it considering the seating is gen admission and u would have had to get their early to get a good seat. The comedy was dead on and raunchy and sexy. I wouldn't bring a kid here but All adults should make it a point to see this show! Worth every penny and can't wait to c it again!
5	Like everyone else I loved this. Especially the roller skaters!
5	I am still thinking of this show.. This is hands down the best show in Las Vegas.. One word...Rollerskates.. Yes it is vulgar and offensive.. Don't bring your 9 year old to it.. There are actual moments of tension and fear of the stunts being performed 10 feet in front of you..The music is great, the host is hilarious, and the acts are absolutely amazing..
5	Went to Vegas and did the obligatory Cirque Shows. (O and Love) Now it was Saturday night and wanted something based from Quebec. I wanted something American, something dirty raunch and something with titties. I was going to go to Penn and Teller, though no titties. So I took a chance on Absinthe. Based on the reviews here I saw it. MY WIFE AND I LOVED IT. Great characters. The Gazillionaire and Penny... PENNY!!! The Green Fairy. Sexy (non surgical enhanced boobies) and a fantastic voice! Angel Parrino. Schwing! Just a great intimate circus show with great performers. I hope they take it on tour to Miami. I will definitely go. As should you.
5	If you can only see one show while in Las Vegas, see Absinthe while you can.    This is seriously one of the best and coolest shows we have ever seen and the small venue makes for a very unique and personal experience.  The acts are fabulously talented and the host is hysterically obscene.  This show is pure Vegas and needs to be seen by everyone.However, like previous posters have said, if you're easily offended you may want to skip this one.  There was a multitude of jaw-droppingly offensive things said, but all in the name of humor and shock.  Worth it, if you ask us.
5	Best date show for young and fun loving couples. We couldn't stop laughing the entire show. Their acrobatics rivaled anything we have seen at cirque shows. And we loved the striptease and burlesque style.... it made u feel like u were in Vegas. We had a great time! Highly recommend!
5	Hilarious, This show was so much better than the other shows we have seen. It is a lot of the same acrobatic acts seen in the Cirque shows but presented in a totally different manner. Penny ( the assistant MC) was awesome. We will be coming back to this show and bringing our friends.
4	Great performances and acts! The main guy was hilarious and the space was intimate. I only wish Angel had a larger part, but it was fun seeing her doing something out of her element. P.S. The absinthe is a great gimmick but nothing like what you find overseas. I appreciate that they had it though.
5	Three words: full-frontal male nudity!Okay, so it's not exactly total full-frontal, but I certainly got an eyeful.  We got the $20 locals discount and then opted for the VIP ticket which allowed us to forego standing in line for the first come first served seating. Instead we got access to the VIP lounge which was full of awesome hanging chairs and nooks to enjoy a drink in.  Worth the money for sure!They let the VIP ticket holders in before the common folk and we got front row seats with a tiny table which was awesome because it was so close to the action and was conducive to drinking while enjoying the show.  The only other tables were booths in the last row, which are probably still good seats since the venue is so small, but being in the front row was incredible.  If any of the stunts had gone wrong we would have been hit by an errant rollerskate or tightrope walker, which only added to the excitement.If you have a filthy mind and a raunchy sense of humor, this is definitely the show for you.
5	Absinthe combines adult comedy with spectacular acrobatics.  If you are easily offended by bad words and sexual themes, you might want a different show.  If not, the comedy is very, very good.  The acrobatics are astonishing.  I had no idea that what they did was even possible.  Right up there with the cirque acts and, in a few cases, even more impressive.  The show is fast paced each act brings something new.  I would very highly recommend this.  Sitting close to the front is nice, but the tent is quite small so most seats are good.  We found some $20 off coupons earlier in the day, so the tickets cost $50.
5	God this show was hilarious. Mind blowing and shocking as well. Simply amazing, I could not stop laughing. Penny was HILARIOUS!! I would definitely watch again!
5	Hands down one of the most entertaining shows I've seen.  A little raunchy a LOT exciting.  I was laughing, crying and gasping for air.  Penny and the Gazillionaire (i think was what she introduced him as)  had amazing chemistry and I was in tears laughing so hard at their banter.  The performers were so skilled and so impressive.  The intimate setting just adds to the magic of the show.  I would see this again and again and would DEFINITELY recommend to friends. Thanks for a great night guys!
4	Really fun show to watch.  As others have said, it's a VERY small stage (8x8 probably).  The things you get to see are amazing and scary at the same time.  Get your discount tickets at a tix4tonight booth (I think they are half off if I remember correctly).  I'd recommend seeing this show.
5	I'm not gonna lie...My husband and I bought the tickets for this show, because they were cheap, and because we already knew that we would be at Caesar's Palace.  However, a great show + liquor + genitalia make quite an awesome combination!The show is held in a close and intimate circus tent filled with mirrors.  No seat can be considered to be a "bad" seat.  If you sit in the front, you may be subjected to insults, skate-related bruises, or boobies in your face.  That's generally a normal Saturday night in my life, but alas...If you suffer from a Puritanical streak, you will be offended.  If not by the boobies and abundance of one-eyed willies, then by the saucy genitalia jokes made by the two hosts.  'Tis not a show for your gramps and grandma unless they are pervs...You however will truly enjoy the stunts that you will see, completely up close and personal.  Everything from neck-spinning on roller skates, handstands on bald man-heads and naked tap dancing in a semi-permeable bubble.  Seriously, what more do you need to be entertained?
5	Glorious. Believe the hype. It's Raunchy humor, amazing circus acts and some moderate pseudo-nudity; but it is more than the sum of it's parts, and I don't just mean those parts. It takes place in a tiny tent and if something goes wrong someone in the audience is gonna get hurt pretty bad because it's all three inches from the front row (and often the aisles and second and third row as well.) This is really all you need to know.Tips: Guy in front of the tent giving out 20 bucks off coupons. Awesome. Also apparently a locals discount of 20 bucks off. Excellent. Beer = $12 bucks! Boo. But it's Chimay! Well done. I've read not to spring for the VIP seats, but I would argue as someone who didn't and got to the front of the regular queue, that they're probably worth it. This is one of the best and most intimate shows I've ever seen, and you'll only see it *new* once. Pay extra, you'll get close enough to the point they'll probably sweat on you. That came out a little gross. It's still awesome.I would recommend this to everyone I know over every other show provided they can stand glorious filthy humor.
4	very good but they LIE to you if you are getting discounted tickets....bewhere....you don't get your free drink, we did't and complained as maybe we should.
4	An amazing show! Very funny, very raw, and lots of talented performers.  DEFINITELY see this show! You won't be disappointed!
5	Not a bad seat in the place.  Hilarious, yet acrobatic impossible acts that will make your mouth drop.You will leave there laughing forsure!!
5	***MUST SEE***Great show for the location, price, arena. Small arena so every seat is good. Crazy acts (don't try at home), host is funny, vulgar, picks on the crowd. Like a cirque Du sol but half the price. Sitting front row may be dangerous to your health or and ego.
5	This show was awesome! My favorite part was the rollerskaters. The comedy was great, of course :) the seats suck, they're little wooden chairs-my only complaint.Tip: don't pay full price, there are guys outside the beer garden areas giving $20 coupons-also locals get $20 off too-so for $49-an awesome show!
5	Forgive me for taking 4 months to get my review written.  I am perpetually behind on Yelping!Looks like my procrastinating didn't matter a whit here since the reviews are fabu.  My husband and I LOVED this show.  Sexy and bawdy, definitely not for the kids.  Half was a comedy show, the other half was closer to Cirque acts but MUCH MUCH MUCH more intimate.  General admission seating was no issue even though we were toward the back of the line.  My husband loves absinthe(the drink) and was happy he could order it here.We thought both different sides were fantastic...the comedy and physical stuff...and couldn't decide which was better.We got tickets at the discount storefront and saved a bundle.If you're a prude, maybe you should skip this one.  If not, GO!
5	I've seen Absinthe twice - both times it was highly entertaining and highly hilarious!  General admission tickets gets you a supremely close seat to the action, regardless of what row you end up in.  The closer you sit, the more likely you are to end up harassed by The Gazillionaire or with a wine glass full of Melody Sweets glitter bomb (I speak from experience).The entire show is a mash up variety show that will keep you laughing and engaged.  My favorite part was the crazy roller skating couple - I fear for that girl's life!It was raunchy and rowdy and inappropriate and geared for adults...so naturally I loved every minute of it.  That Penny is a f-ing riot!
5	What an amazing show!  We checked it out last night and were not disappointed at all.  It was a great mix of comedy and pure entertainment.  I would totally go see this show again...it was that good!  Beware...if you are easily offended, this is not the show for you though!
4	Great show for the value!  Worst seats in the place are still great seats!  We laughed the entire show and were on the edge of our seat quite a few times.
5	This was a great show. I got tix at at local tix4tonight booth for $120.00 for a pair and it was well worth it. I ended up in the 2nd row as close as you want to get trust me. The jokes are crude but funny as all hell. The performers were great and the show was long which is good. The seating is tight, as I had a heavy gal next to me that her legs were touching mine and she was all wierd about it. The wood chairs are wire tied together so moving them farther apart won't happen. All in all this is a must see show best show Iv'e seen for the money in vegas.
5	The best show EVER!!!!
5	Great show, and inexpensive compared to other shows- $20 off out front by the box office from guys handing out coupons. Sorta a variety of different acts- comedy, burlesque, and other stuff that is hard to define. Really raunchy- hilarious, come with a sense of humor!
5	Effing HILARIOUS!!!! Totally raunchy and did I mention HILARIOUS!! Need I say more??
5	Absinthe rocks out with their... codpieces out. Seriously, this combination of close-up acrobatics, bizarre theatrics, and blue comedy is damned entertaining. Just don't sit in plain view of the Gazillionaire.
5	AMAZING! Absinthe absolutely blew me away and I can not recommend it highly it enough. Superb value for money, excellent entertainment, incredible performers...and everything is performed so so close to you! This is absolutely a must-see show in my opinion and I would see it again in a heartbeat. Think adult circus (tightrope walkers, skaters, cabaret, burlesque, crazy balancing acts) but with a wicked vegas twist. For a few extra dollars you can get VIP tickets. I highly recommend this for the following reasons:1) You get to skip the line and enter a VIP only bar through a "secret" green telephone booth. It's whacky and silly...but fun and worth every penny. 2) Once invite the VIP bar, you will get a free drink (they have absinthe cocktails and the bar man is a really nice guy).3) VIP ticket holders enter the main tent first and get first pick of the seating. This means you can sit in the FRONT row and have all of the performers super close. It's mind blowing. Yes, there is also a strong chance that you will be made fun of by the Gazillionaire or asked to participate in the show....but that just makes the experience 10x funnier and better, trust me, you won't regret it :)4) I'm going to say it again....FRONT ROW! You will have all of the performers doing their incredible performances so close that you could reach out and touch them (in one case, I did!)Also, unlike most shows - Absinthe allows (non-flash) photography and videos! Awesome.TIP: If you buy tickets from one of the guys outside of Caesars (they walk around with a Absinthe sandwich board advert) then you will get $20 off the show too. At least, that offer was valid in August 2011.
5	this show was so awesome!!the kid in front of me on his 21st birthday left the show to puke after 10 minutes so i had an awesome view. thanks dude. don't be mad when the bazillionaire calls you out for being a boring white person, or a black lesbian or makes you choose which of your friends is the most slutty. all the stunts were so risky and you are so up close to the action. i was entertained literally the entire time.loved it.
5	Wow! Jew jokes, titties, amazing skill, and a venue that is better than any I've ever stepped foot it; what's not to like?When I wasn't gasping in sheer awe (and I'm not one to gasp easily), or staring up at the ceiling as a beautiful topless (save for sparkly pasties) blonde slid down on a rope, or laughing my ass off as the emcee picked on old people, gays, the black dude in an Affliction shirt, or the Asian that was bad at math, I was sipping on my drink and admiring the fact that I was less than 10 feet away from these amazing performers.  Tickets are cheap ($69 or $99, but there's usually a dude walking around near the venue with $20 off coupons) and it's all GA seating, so be sure and get there early.  Cute cocktail broads wander the beer garden while you wait, serving up reasonably potent drinks for a Hamilton.  After you enter the tent, you're shown to the next available seats for your size party and then the magic starts.  Sit back, relax, and enjoy.
5	be sure you put your PC sensors away.  The show is irreverent and crude.  But if you go in understanding and accepting that, it's a fun show.  The acrobatics & skills are great.If you sit in the front row, you may get picked on.  One of the better seats may be a few rows back where the seats are on risers, so the angle is better.beware of the audience participation.  Don't go up unless you're pretty uninhibited...
5	This show was awesome!! Funny and exciting. I've seen lots of cirque shows in Vegas and love them for the artistry and beauty but this show was fantastic in a completely different way. If you can't decide...just go!! As others have said though it is dirty. If you are offended by nudity, crude or racist humor go see O. If you can handle crude sexual humor go see Absinthe. You won't regret it. The drinks are great too!!
5	I loved it!  Totally raunchy and hilarious.  The stunts and acrobats were pretty amazing, but watching them done 10 ft from your face gave it an incredible perspective.  The humor will have you rolling on the floor.  Don't sit in the front row unless you want to be a part of the show and made fun of.  Hurry and see it, I heard it is gone at the end of the month!
5	Best Show I've ever seen.  Seriously, it's hysterical!  It is ADULT HUMOR though so keep that in mind and it's definitely on the raunchy side.  It's a tiny venue so make plans in advance. Also, we did the VIP tix thing and it was pretty sweet!  Way better than Zumanity!!!
5	One of the best shows I've seen in Vegas!! Loved the cross between racial barriers with jokes about whites, blacks n Asians alike! Would recommend watching this show while in Vegas!
3	Eeeeks, I hate to be the one to NOT give 5 stars.  But here goes...I read the reviews here on Yelp and thought this sounded cool.  Well, it was okaaaay.  The goods:*Don't buy your tix way ahead of time.  Go to the box office located behind Serendipity and look for a guy passing out $20 off coupons. (That is $20 off each ticket).*The tickets without the discount are only $69, so at $49 per ticket, I didn't feel so bad about not loving this show.*There isn't a bad seat in the place unless you get behind a tall person* The show is pretty shortThe bads:*You sit in a wood chair for 90 minutes and your back/butt isn't going to be happy*Based on the reviews I thought it was going to be raunchy and bad.  It was very mild.  *The acrobatics were good but I couldn't help but think they were just college kids from UNLV warming up for gymnastics and cheer-leading season*The roller skate act? One wrong move and we were all going to be decapitated. How did they ever get insured to do that?I am not a Vegas show kinda girl but this was okay.  If I had paid more than $50 per ticket I would have been bummed.
4	The feats of strength and balance by the various acts were amazing. Most of the female performers perform topless (but with pasties) which is always a bonus. There is a big emphasis on audience interaction, all of which is offensive to at least a dozen demographics at any given time. If you have thin skin, definitely avoid sitting near the front (but then again if you're easily offended you'd better skip this show altogether). The place is tiny and even the farthest seats are maybe 50 feet from the stage. Unfortunately there a thick wooden posts holding up the tent about halfway along the radius of the tent and if you're unlucky enough to get a seat behind one of these posts you're going to miss most of the action. All of the seating is open and if you want a good seat (and avoid getting stuck behind one of the aforementioned posts) plan on arriving early to get a good place in line. We got there about 30 minutes before showtime on a weekday and the line was still a few hundred feet long, though we were still able to get good seats. The hard wooden seats will leave you with a sore back and/or butt by the end of the show and there isn't much legroom between rows. The raunchy interludes between acts were hilarious but did seem to drag on way too long at times. I would have liked more of the time to be spent on the actual acts.
5	The antithesis to the dime-a-dozen Cirque du Soleil productions.  Part burlesque, part retro circus, part vaudeville.  This show has it all!  Note to the wise:  Those that can't laugh at themselves, claim to have never farted in public or touched themselves in private and are offended by vulgarities and sexual deviance...DO COME!!  This is a perfect opportunity for that crap to be beaten out of you (and rightfully so). Perhaps the best original show sans the pretentiousness and manufactured mystery that has become all the rage.  What Cirque du Soleil sacrificed to appeal to the masses and worldwide fame, Absinthe has regurgitated into a phoenix of reinvention that is all together more intimate and visceral.  Not to be missed!#Yelp:  043/365
4	This was a really great show! Just went this weekend. Just about every seat in the house has a great view. I'm not sure I would want to be in the front row since it is REALLY close to the stage...and you may become part of the show if you are seated that close. I purchased discounted tickets through tix 4 tonight. More info on getting discount tickets on my site at http://letsjetset.com
5	This show lives up to it's reviews!!  It was definitely crude, but so hilarious and the acts were highly entertaining! I laughed a lot and was continually impressed. A must see in Vegas
5	Hard to describe but hilarious and tons of fun. Liked everything about it.  Show up early and get in line if you want to get your choice of seats, seating is first come first served general admission. If you sit up front, you might become part of the show. Easily the best show we saw in Vegas, hands down. A must see
4	Awesome show! It's hilarious and amazing! It's set in a tent, which gives an intimate setting. The acrobatic acts are mouth dropping! You won't be disappointed. The host is very funny, but if you sit in the first couple rows, be ready to be bashed on.
5	A month and a half later I am still thinking about this show almost every day. The best show I've ever seen in Vegas. I had no expectations for this show, my girlfriend took me for my birthday as a surprise. I went in a complete wet blanket. Wow. Shock value, intimacy, and incredible athletic performances that exceed any other show.The host and co-host were over the top, and the humor was VERY adult. I'm talking the Russell Brand lookalike host sticking his tongue down a non receptive older male audience members throat. Don't sit in the front row unless you're comfortable with this being you.The comedy element was all about audience participation and it was great... because I was not a part of it.The venue is a small big top carnival type deal, air-conditioned but outdoors. There are a ton of Cirque du Soleil type performances that were done within a few feet of audience members. I guess they have good insurance because if anything goes wrong, there could be some serious damage done to audience members.Go see it! Best show in Vegas! Only if you aren't a prude though!
5	This is hands down one of the most entertaining and amazing shows I've seen. Let's start with the theater, which is super tiny and in-the-round, so you can see well from wherever you are.  You are also quite literally in the path of the performers. An intimate feeling and a definite plus.Now for the show: interesting acts that I've never seen or heard of before (hello rollerskating acrobats....although I've heard that couple has recently moved to another show). The tight rope act is titillating. I think I held my breath the entire time they were up there.Host: a little raunchy at times.  I mean how many times do you really have to say the F-word? It starts to lose it's luster after the, oh, 50th time.Pretty amazing and pretty great show.
5	I'll admit straight away that I do not have the most experience with Vegas shows. Some, but not a hell of a lot.That said, if you have a chance to go see *this* show and don't immediately jump on it, we are no longer friends.We saw Absinthe as a farewell to Las Vegas after a week of work. It's hilariously funny (read: really fucking dirty, leave the kids home) and visually stunning. I know you're wondering so I'll just lay it on you: yes, there are tits.I'm trying to not go into too much detail here because you really need to see it first hand but, it's a bit of comedy, bit of acrobatics, bit of burlesque and WELL WORTH THE MONEY. Teller (of a little group you may have heard of starting with Penn) was sitting 2 rows in front of me and then stuck around after the show to play with the acrobats. Nuff said?
5	They are currently no longer performing in Las Vegas, but they will be coming back to town in the future.  I work in the entertainment business in Las Vegas and have seen many of the shows available.  Honestly, this one is the most impressive I've ever seen.  The intimate venue combined with truly breathtaking acrobatic performances made for a truly great show.For those who have seen the show, the rollerskating duo is no longer with Absinthe and can be seen here soon at the V theater.
5	Absinthe returns to Caesars Palace October 21st  :) GO IT'S AMAZING!!
5	I've seen several shows in Vegas and although this doesn't have the grandeur of watching a multi-million dollar spectacle like O or Ka, you will leave amazed by the acrobatics.  Plus, your stomach will be sore the next day from laughing so much.I can honestly say I haven't had this much fun at a show in a LONG time.  The mixture of crazy acrobatics with raunchy, offensive humor makes this a must see show!  My better half and I went during the Labor Day weekend so yes, this review is a bit late, but I seriously remember this show like it was just yesterday.  I wanted to see something different during our Vegas trip and not another $150/ticket Cirque show.  I read the reviews for Absinthe, which were all fantastic, and the price was VERY reasonable.  We got a couple of the VIP tickets which was great and all, but really not that necessary.  The theater is pretty small so you will get a good seat regardless of where you sit, but if you want to feel important then pay the extra $20 for VIP.  You'll need to say some pretty humiliating things to enter the VIP area but once you're there, you can hang out in the lounge and order up some adult beverages.  You'll also gain access to the theater earlier so you can sit up close and personal.Once you're inside, you become immersed in the world of Absinthe!  You'll be in awe of some of the acts, and you'll laugh so hard at some of the highly inappropriate jokes.  You'll see a little bit of boobage and you'll fall in love with the host and co-host, but not in a Care Bears endearing way.  Their sense of humor will have you laughing like a hyena.  The show was so good that my better half wanted to take her girlfriends a few weeks later (they were coming to Vegas for a bachelorette party).  Unfortunately, the show took a bit of a hiatus during that time but it will be back very soon.Look out for coupons and save yourself a few bucks, but even if you don't land any, just pay the regular price... it's worth it.  They say laughter is good medicine and I was cured of all my ailments after leaving that show!
4	Extremely entertaining.  The comedy was more exciting and enjoyable than the cirque du soleil aspects.  There's quite a bit of nudity in this show (burlesque style), so definitely don't bring your kids!  Actually, I don't think they're allowed anyway.See it while you can!  I hear the show will be leaving Vegas soon.
5	Dirty, bawdy, fun.  I got the VIP tickets, but would say it wasn't worth it.  You end up sitting in "special seats" along the back wall.  I think it would have been a bit more fun a little closer, but I did get to sit in a barber's, go through the secret entrance and received a free drink.I got my ticket on Vegas.com but on a Tuesday night the theater was half empty and they were giving out coupons for the show.  Had I known, I would have waited to get my tickets.The show itself isn't as grand as the Cirque shows, but it is highly entertaining.  It's all about the comedy.  Las Vegas is a liberal town, so there are quite a few jokes about the left.  Don't go if you are easily offended or have soft sensibilities, this isn't the show for you.I've seen quite a few shows in Vegas and this is one I would go see again.  I was by myself and had a great time.
5	Yes, it's as awesome as the other reviews indicate.Got tickets at the little ticket booth near Serendipity. The guy handing out discount cards was nearby wearing a white blazer. Discount does not apply to the VIP tickets.Went on a Sunday night at the 10pm showing, and it wasn't crowded at all. We opted for the more comfy cushioned seats toward the back. Didn't really impact our view, since the tent is relatively small. However, a good portion of the action does face one way (towards the entrance of the tent). Had an Absinthe cocktail for $12, just for kicks. They were generous with the alcohol. Acrobatics are cool. Rollerskaters are no longer with the show. The raunchy comedy portions was hilarious, though I could understand that it's not for everyone (i.e. I would not recommend to my parents). Cameras (w/o flash) and video is allowed.
5	I've seen several vegas shows and this one was probably my favorite! The acts were amazing and very entertaining to watch. Although the roller skate act made me a little nervous, it also made my jaw drop in awe! I went with three others and we all couldn't stop talking about the show after we left! Very vulgar but we thought it was hilarious. Definitely worth the $ in terms of entertainment and value.
4	Small and intimate tent space combined with up-close jaw dropping Cirque style acts.  The comedy portions are not for the faint of heart, but then again, this is Vegas.   Not Disneyland.Loved the open seating (no need for VIP seats) although it also means lining up early.  Box office and tent are OUTside Caesar's Palace by Serendipity.
1	I have a hard time believing the stellar Yelp reviews this show gets; Absinthe is the most insipid Vegas offering I've ever seen. The hosts lack any charm to make their mocking of audience members and extreme potty humor palatable. The routine is an uninspired Sacha Baron Cohen and Sarah Silverman rip-off. If you don't like those comedians -- and even if you do, perhaps -- you will not like the show. The acrobats were, at best, Cirque du Soliel castoffs or rejects. I had a friend present at the show the night before where a performer on the high-wire crashed into the audience and knocked some guy in the head with the balance bar. That part of the show was dropped from the show we attended on Friday Nov. 4, 2011. No great loss, I'm sure. We didn't stay through to the end. Spare yourself the agony of having to pretend you like the show because you paid as much as you did for the tickets. You'd be better off mindlessly dumping your cash into some slots while staring into the middle distance.
5	Absinthe is a welcome change of pace from current show offerings here in Las Vegas.The theater in the round format reminds me of the original traveling Cirque du Soleil show in the smaller venue. The performances I am assuming change based on the pictures posted here and what I saw last night.  All the acts were very impressive to see in such a small venue and up so close.  The rope dancer was probably the most impressive performance and what a great costume she had to accentuate her amazing figure. And like the other reviews have said, be prepared for Sarah Silverman type humor.The 100 year old tent the show was in earlier this summer has been replace with a more permanent type soft structure/tent, which is probably safer rigging wise as well as better suited to the high winds we have here in the winter.There is no beer garden for this tour probably because of the cool temperatures. Luckily I opted out of purchasing the VIP ticket since all it includes now is early entry into the venue and a drink. The drinks are reasonably price so the VIP ticket price is not saving you much and if you are there when they open the doors (45 min before show time) you will have your pick of seats. The is a promotion code for locals you can use when purchasing through Ticketmaster.Make sure you do try the house drink offered by the waitresses. It is very tasty and strong.
4	I don't want to be a party pooper for not giving 5 stars, but I'm doing this to help you have slightly less high expectations going in.  My expectations were sooooo high based on the reviews I had read, that it was fairly impossible for a show to live up to them.    Also, the ticket prices for this show must have gone up since some of these reviews have been written.  They now start at $79.  We bought ours at the Tix 4 Tonite place at the Fashion Mall for $59...had to take the vouchers to the ticket booth near the show's entrance.  No big deal. It was quick and easy. We went to the 8:00 Sunday show.   That being said, I very much enjoyed it.  I'm pretty short, so our choice of seats turned out to be good...we sat along the back wall on stools near the bar(another reason it was a good choice). Not comfy, but it helped to be able to see. And we weren't crammed close with the majority.  TIP:  DON'T ask the bartender what kind of wine he has.  He will snap red and white.  Pick one. Quickly.  Waitresses will come around with the "special drink of the day".  Husband got one of those.  He said it tasted like boozy kool-aid.  To which I would say "to each his own".   I loved the comedy, the acrobats were all very talented.  I hate that the roller skaters aren't still with them, because I think an act like that would've added more variety to the show. I wish we could've seen them.   Our goal for a Vegas show was to see something we can't see anywhere else.  We wanted something that truly says Vegas without the super high Vegas show prices for most of the shows.  And that's exactly what we got.
5	-Super funny. There is swearing and graphic humor. Amazing acts.- Get $20 bucks off with the handout ( look for dude with white suit and gold shoes)-They call people out who sit in the front rows. -The main gates open at 7 pm where there's an outside bar with Vegas prices (theres a bar inside too.) -Try to be in line by 730 for the main door opening.- Get seats with tables or cushions in the back- waitress come round before and in the middle of the show for drinks or small snacks (only to the people seating along the rim of the tent)-don't sit behind tent pole-you can take pics but no flash. - the tent is warm, no need for layers inside.
2	The tag line for this show is "If you see only one show in Vegas, see this!".  I think I would reword it to "If you miss only one show in Vegas, miss this!".Yes, the setting is intimate and performers are up close.  To me it was like watching a good movie interrupted by stupid commercials.  I am all for a bit of vulgarity and fun but the vulgarity went on and on and on and on.  The actual performers were good, not spectacular but enjoyable.  I actually felt embarrassed for them having to be part of this debacle.The co-host Penny screamed so much into her mic that it was impossible to understand her.  The constant rehash of junior high school "potty mouth" jokes by the host was boring and in between acts I was reminded constantly that I was getting NBS (Numb Butt Syndrome) from the rickety wood chairs.It would have been good to have had some sort of story line around Absinthe (the drink) and the opening 'green' balancing act had my expectations up.  Alas, it ended up like being at a county fair circus act.  I half expected elephants and seals to come plodding down the aisle!At $10-$15 a watered down drink in a small plastic cup, I could not drink enough to make this show remotely funny.  Sure there were a few chuckles but that was it.The only act I didn't like was the balloon.  If you like watching a slightly overweight busty girl in a thong with pasties jump around inside a six foot balloon to a mediocre soundtrack then knock yourself out.Luckily the show is fairly short.  If you go, don't sit in the front row unless you want to be in the show.  Don't buy the VIP tickets because all you seem to get for the money is a crappy little table to set your drinks on and a bit more elbow room.  Be sure you get a really good discount on the tickets because dollar for dollar, there are much better shows on the strip.
4	I really enjoyed this show. Being a 20 year resident of Vegas I've seen pretty much every show on the strip and I thought this show deserved a good rating. The story line was clever and comical, I felt like I was in the book Water for Elephants, except with a lot more adult content :) the different acts were impressive and all were talented. Yes this show does have a lot of dirty language but it's pretty funny, and for all the nay sayers, go back to Nebraska. For the money, you really can't beat this show, $50 for locals, I spend that on dinner, you know what I mean? I would totally come back and see this again. Few tips, don't get there too early, you're just going to stand in line, and there aren't bad seats, so no need to be first in line. Buy your ticket at the small ticket office outside the entrance of the showHave a couple drinks at the outside bar. Enjoy!
1	I'm quite shocked at the excellent reviews this show has received.  Honestly, the stunts were artless and required a minimal level of skill and the alleged comedy was tiresome and showed no creativity at all.I hadn't heard this type of humor since being in my middle school locker room.  Really people, this is the level of comedy at this show.  I am by no means am a prude but prefer comedians to posses some cleverness, understated class and sophistication rather than just blather on about homosexuals, details of sexual intercourse, and every type of bodily discharge imaginable.  The people who laugh at this stuff must be the most unsophisticated bunch imaginable.  Again,  the jokes are reruns of the same stuff you hear coming out of the mouths of 12 year old boys mouth when he is trying to impress his buddies (At least they might contain some original material). Truly this show gave me the creeps and adds to my dismay of the decline of American culture.  Is this show really what we want to see? Is that why it has gotten 5 stars?  Am I alone in my assessment of this show?I remember a time when live shows in Las Vegas appealed to a higher ideal.  You left feeling enthused, good about yourself and others.  Not only was this show boring and unrefined but it was rather depressing now that I think back about it.  Nowadays, it seems like this boorish idiocy defines our civilization.  I hope I am wrong but based on the reviews of this show it is probably rather clear that I am not.Don't spend your money on this rubbish.
5	All of the amazing hype is true. Seriously. If you like comedy, burlesque, amazing acrobatics, and ridiculousness, just do yourself a favor and go see this show. There is no longer a beer garden or any cool carnival stuff outside (sadface) but the inside of the Spiegeltent is killer cool, with all sorts of weird things to sit in/on (bathtub couches!), and every seat has an amazing view. Penny is hilariously dirty (the unicorn story is the best). The bartenders make nice strong drinks.If you're sick of paying out the ass for Cirque shows and you want something completely different and really fun, this is the show for you.
5	Fantastic show!  I loved that the show was in a circus tent rather than a theater, which provided for a much more intimate environment.  All of the performers were top notch.  They even had Duvel on tap!  That was the icing on the cake!
5	A variety act that is parody of vaudeville with acrobatics on a tiny stage. To break it up they have raunchy comedy that made me laugh my butt off. What makes this show so good is how intimate it is. There isn't a seat in the small tent that isn't a perfect spot. You see the sweat coming from the gymnast, you will be scared that the insane roller skater couple might fly onto your lap. A lot of muscle ripped men with their shirt off if you are in to that. Best show I've seen on the strip by far.
5	Have you ever fallen asleep at a show?  I have, and I for sure thought I'd be catching some zeees again when I recently went to see Absinthe in Vegas, only because I was sleep deprived and it was at 10pm on a weeknight.But alas, the magic elves or air-conditioning or something kept me up... I stayed awake for Absinthe and loved every raunchy moment!This acro-cabaret variety show is definitely not for the faint of heart... it has everything from dirty jokes, horrible language, crazy acrobats, almost-naked dancers, comedy, and more.  They also incorporate the audience quite a bit.  Your mouth may drop open and I guarantee you will laugh out loud at this show.  For those that know my husband, it's totally his sense of humor on steroids.  Think of anything inappropriate you've ever heard, and it's in this show.The tent it takes place in is intimate -- I would say there's not a bad seat in the house, but there kind of was a bad seat: mine!  I sat on a horribly uncomfortable bench.  Nonetheless, I stayed awake, loved the show, and would recommend it to anyone that has half a sense of humor.  If you're going to be in Vegas anytime soon, I highly recommend this show. Enjoy!
2	This show is definitely overrated.  It is nothing like a Cirque show, which was the comparison I got from everyone.  It is definitely more of a comedy/acrobatic act, with a lot of sexual innuendo. Some of the jokes were funny, but they were all sexual and racist, nothing creative or new.  The guy's assistant Penny is adorable how she acts and the way she talks. Overall the show wasn't anything special, most of the acts you can see at PH Variety Show.  The seating was very uncomfortable and tight.  The tent was decorated well to the theme, but I still wouldn't recommend this show.  Didn't think it was worth $80.
5	On a somewhat spur of the moment last night, we went with some friends to see Absinthe at Caesars Palace. They had seen it, highly recommended it and wanted to see it again with us. So here is my review. If you are offended by dirty talk and the 'F'-word, then you shouldn't go to see this show. If near topless women make you turn your head in disgust, avoid this show at all costs.  If you are turned off by references to someone's sexual preference, political leanings or the occasional religious taunt, then you might want to skip this one. If the sight of handpuppets engaged in graphic sexual performances while a beautiful redhead gives you a blow by blow (pardon the reference, if you're offended) description, then this show will definitely upset you.If you fall into any of the above categories, the please, GET THERAPY. If you don't and you do love to laugh until tears come, then definitely don't wait another minute to see this show. It's the funniest effing show in Las Vegas, and probably anywhere else. The acrobatics are wonderful, the ladies attractive and the men dressed up as ladies....well, that's another story. But, this is truly a marvelous show not to be missed by anyone in Vegas who enjoys being entertained and isn't afraid to blush with embarrassment or shock. This is not your grandma's 'Cirque'.
5	Bawdy, vulgar and highly entertaining. There really isn't much I can say about this show that hasn't already been said. I have been twice now and I have to say it gets better and better. It is a very intimate stage setting. There are comical wire walkers, seductive trapeze and acrobatics artists, and a host and hostess who are shockingly vulgar and funny. The seating is first come, first serve so it's good to arrive early to get a primo seat. But honestly, there are no bad seats in this tent. Definitely worth the price of admission and I believe they offer discounted seats to locals, so definitely make this show a priority.
5	One part burlesque, one part comedy act and one part circus sideshow, Absinthe should NOT be missed by anyone. Talked our friends out of catching any of the 20 Cirque shows on the strip to watch this with us, and not a single one walked away disappointed. Rowdy, raunchy, and hilarious.
5	Go now. Go to Vegas to see the show. Every thing is true and then some. Wish it would have gone on for another 2 or 3 hours. Listen to the directions you are given when you first walk in and you can possibly get a nice comfy seat and there is no bad view in the place. The stage does raise so you have better view towards the back. Yes it can be offensive to some people as they say at the begining of the show understand we are talking no limits of humor here so do not think you are immune if you are truly not immune. One of the biggest highlights of my trip to Vegas.
5	I had no Idea what to expect going into this show. I knew it had a little bit of a cirque feel to it, but honestly I wasn't even sure if it was a cirque show...I knew there was some comedy to it, but wasn't sure what the basis was other than the name Absinthe.I feel sorry for anyone who went into this show knowing what to expect. I almost feel guilty writing this review right now, because it robs you of the complete and utter surprise of sitting down and 5 minutes in realizing you have just walked into the raunchiest x-rated cirque show imaginable. WARNING: seriously....everyone else has said it, but they really hold nothing back in this show.We arrived late but the seating in the tent outside Caesar's is circular so even though we sat in the back, our seats were still great. The seating is general admission so it's basically first come first serve. BUT...if you are the type of person who doesn't mind being embarrassed or used during the show, then by all means show up early and sit in the front row...you WILL, however be subjected to whatever racist, sexist,  or prejudice tirade the host of the show feels like labeling you with.In other words....If you are sensitive, sit in the back.We weren't aware of this, but we sat in the back anyway because they have these cool little booths in the back with tables, and because it's a smaller venue it makes the show more intimate.There is a bar set up before you enter, but don't feel the need to load up there before you go in because there are also bars inside, which sell drinks throughout the show. As well there are servers walking around the back isle offering drinks if you can flag one down.I dropped $30 on two mixed drinks and a glass of wine...but well worth it, because they are pouring them tall and strong.The show is a mix of Sketch comedy, improv, cirque acts, and burlesque, but it's worth it just to see the look on the faces of the 60 year old tourists in the front row as the host "the gazillionaire" shoves his crotch in their face & really steals the show, with an act reminiscent of Tony Clifton as played by Andy Kaufman.I can't really comment on the price of the show, as I got the ticket for free. But having seen it now I would certainly go back with the right people and gladly pay.As others have said...if you go...don't take your mom, unless your mom happens to be seriously disturbed.
4	INTERESTING to say the least. I read reviews before I went and I knew what to expect.  I loved the show: Hilarious and Entertaining. Get your tix from the 1/2 price Ticket outlet across from Caesars. I paid $65 for gen admin tix that cost $75 at ticket booth at show entrance. I got there 15 minutes before show and sat 4 rows from round stage. Get your buz going before you get there 'cause drinks are hella expensive at show. The Gazillioaire ( MC/ comic) was very funny, but super crude. Lots of swearing and sex/ potty humor. I loved it! Don't sit in front row unless you want to be fodder for jokes. If you want a fun, interesting 1.5 hours, this is the place.
5	My wife and I saw this show last week 12/13.I started planning our Vegas trip back in May and once I booked my flights, my next step was to look for a show for us to check out. We have not been to too many Vegas shows and we were just looking for something different. I could not tell you how many reviews I have read of this show and other shows. We ended up going to a 7pm show and we got our tickets at will call which is right outside the venue. You can even bring your own drinks in. They do have a place right outside the doors that you can purchase some drinks as well. When you walk in and go to the left there was a bar there that did sell the Absinthe drink. My wife tried it and it tasted like black licorice. It was soo strong at first she had to add sprite and ice and made into a mixed drink. Even with it cut it was still pretty strong. I tried some and I even have to take a swig of my beer. I mean it was cool to try, since you are at the "Absinthe" show. The Absinthe drink was $12 and the bottled beer I had was $7. The Absinthe drink is really the size of 2 shots, but if you add the ice and sprite it should last you the entire show if you sip it and relax. All the bartenders were really cool and remembered what you ordered if you return. The stage is really a small circle and yes, we got there early enough to sit right down front, but due to my wife's back issues we chose to sit in the back section where they had a mogpog of places to sit. Our section was the very first seats if you walk in and go to the right. If you sit there it was cool because you can also see all the next performers get ready (warm up) to come to the stage. Our section had a old school bench and we also had a few stools and a small table for our drinks. The section right next too us had 2 rocking chairs and a table. So each little section is a little different. There was a waitress that did come a round once the show started in case you were wondering. Even if you sit in the back were we did, or all the way in the front, there is no bad seat since this venue is small.This was an amazing show. We loved every act that came out including the Gazillionaire and my favorite was Penny his assistant. She was really funny. Not to give too much away:The opening act was my second favorite act. What the bodyguards did was my favorite. Angel Porrino did one act and it was funny. The singer Melody Sweets did a few numbers and she was really really good. I laughed the most when Penny did her introduction of an act. Again, everything was great. They do offer a stand at the entrance were you can buy merch. I got a shirt, but they also had hats, mugs and female shirts. The only thing I wish they did was to do a meet and greet at the end. It would have been cool to get a few autographs to add to my collection, but I will not take away any stars for that. Since we go to Vegas once a year, if this show is still running and they mix things up in the show I would have no problem going to the show again.
5	just read the other reviews :)
5	At the risk of sounding like an ad for an Adam Sandler movie where they interview audiences outside of the theater, I have to say that my face hurt from laughing so much after this show. I'm not what you'd call "easily offended." I'm a pretty thick-skinned gal and I'm not averse to foul language or nudity, but wow, I was even surprised by the amazingly offensive hilarity at this show. You know how most cirque-type shows have the acrobat act followed by the clown act. And the clown act is some foofy French shit that is mildly humorous at best, and mostly evokes an, "Aww, that's cute." Well, the "clown" act in Absinthe is totally different. The hosts are absolutely hilarious, and while I know a lot of it is scripted, they are on point with their improv too. The acrobat acts were 80% fantastic too, there was one that was whatevs, but just wait for the tightrope walkers. Thanks to the super intimate venue, you get to see tightrope walkers closer than you ever have before. It's pretty spectacular. Absinthe is my number one recommendation for Vegas these days. I'm not much into clubs, and I'd be more into shows if they didn't all run more per ticket than my car payment. But Absinthe, oh Absinthe. It's a must-see. And for the price (especially with the plentiful discounts around town), it can't be beat.PS It's true. Be careful about sitting in the front row, you will more than definitely get teased. It's pretty hilarious, but if you're still recovering from Little Tommy teasing you in 4th grade for having hairy legs, well, maybe sit a few rows back.
5	great show.  definately recommend to anyone with a great sense of humor and no inhibitions.
4	This was quite a show. I'd give it a very good ranking and worth seeing recommendation. It's easy to get tickets, you just go to the tix4less booths along the strip the day you want to go as this isn't a very popular and well known show. We went because our friends also visiting out of time wanted to see it. The gymnastics were great. Very well trained athletes doing crazy stunts. You are so close that you can see them trembling while holding poses. Really, I recommend you don't buy VIP seats. Unless you're hard pressed about sitting at a small table or guaranteed want to sit at the closest row as possible.The dialogue from the host was ok and his sidekick Penny was very crude. They did make some un-PC jokes but it didn't seem like anything too crazy. Penny basically talked about penis the whole time, penis and jizz.  She was pretty fixated on this.  The host made this Canadian drunk lady that he called a slut get motor-boated by a hesitant older lady who sat up front then touch tongues.  Kind of gross. I felt like the host was just trying to make ethnic slurs because he can. It felt forced the way he talked about Jews, Blacks and Asians. Maybe that's because it's not my humor but it didn't make me upset. In fact, he bulked all of the put-downs of that nature together, as if to get them out of the way. Anyway, I just felt like they were "trying too hard" to be risque. I wouldn't have gone if it was just for the dialogue, but I liked the acrobats a lot and the stage setup. Very impressive. It's like a very toned down sample of Cirque without the glitz and added crudity. Drinks are also extremely expensive... $11/drink approximately. Also, this is definitely an 18 year old and older show because of the language. It's a bit like a small variety show with a burlesque setup and acrobats... and a really talented singer. If you like looking at hot bodies, girls and/or guys, this will float your boat. Nipple tassels, popping muscles and lots of female ass.  I even saw a young female trying to hit on some of the acrobats after the show. I can't blame them but I bet that happens all the time. They must get lots of ass.It's a fun show. Reminds me of the Vegas equivalent of an "off-broadway" production. It's worth to see it if you want a variety show with singing, some crude jokes, and acrobatic stunts, and a lot of bare skin from mostly sexy people and besides the drinks, the show is not crazy expensive with the tix4less discount.
5	No expectations.. just go see the show.
5	OMG! Hilarious, entertaining, unexpected, fun, bawdy... I could go on and on with the adjectives. It's basically everything you want from a Vegas show - it's got it all.The actual space itself for the show is amazing. It's in a heated tent outside of Caesars. Once you walk in, though, you have no idea you are in a giant, white tent. You can easily entertain yourself just sitting in your chair (it's general admission seating, by the way) and looking around at everything. Lots of intricate, little details. And if you are lucky enough to get to go through the VIP entrance, the entrance is actually a neon green phone booth. It took me a minute to grasp that the inside wall of the booth was a door.The show itself is, well... Lots and lots and lots of adjectives. And none of those adjectives can do it justice. Just go see this show, ok? There's a lot of humor. There's a lot of duo acts (including roller skates!). There's some nudity. There's some singing. It's like what a Cirque show would've been like back during the high days of the carnival. When I first heard it was 90 mins, I wanted to cringe. I can barely sit through anything for 90 mins. In fact, applaud the Vegas shows that are under 90 mins. However, with Absinthe, I easily could've sat through another 90 mins. And if you know me at all, THAT is really saying something.Easily one of the best shows I have ever seen in Vegas!
4	You want a Vegas show that will be different from the rest?? Try this one. It's crazy, off the wall, but really the best part about it is the intimacy you get by being so close to the entertainers! Lotsa curse words, raunchy humor, and tons of great feats performed with the possible danger of people getting kicked in the face if they decided to stand up at the worst possible moment.Get tickets from the tickets4less locations the day of!!! About $25 less than just getting it at the box office. And if you don't feel like waiting in line, just walk by the tent and find the guy handing out $20 off coupons.Even its location is entirely odd. Not inside some fancy theater in a casino. It's actually in a small tent next to Serendipity 3's. Once inside though you really really don't notice that its a tent with the way they've made the inside look. Hodge podge of furniture and random items, with wooden foldout chairs laid out in a circle around the very small circular stage. Form anywhere in the tent you'll be able to have a good view, and if in the front few rows, be very very very close to the entertainment.The acts they do are amazing, especially when you think of how much control they must have to be performing right in front of the audience where any mistake they make could be disastrous. The rolling skating couple was mind blowing and you could just see the intense concentration on their faces as they spun on that teeny platform. The high wire act was almost right over the audience and they even had to contend with the ropes near the top of the tent. The acts were all on a smaller scale, but they pushed them to the limit in that space as much as possible. Being able to see an act that close though...makes it so much more incredible.The in between "clown" acts were over the top inappropriate in all different ways, but still hilarious. Penny was adorable even though she was spewing out obscenities out of her mouth the entire act. Definitely an amazing show that will be a good experience if you can take the obscenities, racist jokes and sexual references. There's no other show where you can be this up front and personal. Only thing that really sucks is the very uncomfortable and small wooden foldout chairs. You're going to be touching shoulders with the people next to you unless you're really tiny.
5	One of the best shows in Vegas, but beware that it's REALLY not for everybody (especially not kids) -several people walked out in disgust after the host/hostess started their bits. It was hilarious but extremely raunchy and dragged on a bit too long imho - I would never bring my mom to see this. They also heckle the front rows re: being old, gay, drunk sluts, middle eastern terrorists. You've been warned. I loved this show because it's fun, but also because it's rare to see amazing acrobatics in such a close intimate setting. I also like that they didn't really bother with a lame story. Cirque shows tend to be kind of like softcore porn - you have to sit thru a lot of half ass plot between the cool scenes, but in this case you can't fast forward. Absinthe was like hardcore porn - they just got to the good stuff. I go to Cirque type shows for the cool acrobatics and that's exactly what absinthe delivers.There wasn't any actual nudity as other reviews mentioned, just hot girls down to a thong and pasties. Lots of hot shirtless guys and a couple not so hot ones in speedos too. Totally worth seeing. My only complaint is that the wooden folding seats are ridiculously uncomfortable even w my personal padding. I get that they're going for the circus atmosphere but least add a cushion. Even those aluminum bleachers circuses usually have would've been better because then it would have stadium seating. Be sure to go early for a good seat. My friend didn't mention it was general admission so we showed up right before start and got stuck in the back. I'm 5'3 so couldn't see around the people in front of me sometimes. But there are only 9-10 rows so its not bad.
4	Ended up at Absinthe after the Cirque shows were sold out and turns out I am grateful Cirque was sold out! Got tickets for $67 at fix for tonight on a Thursday night. Be aware it's general seating, which means it's first come first serve. You must be 18+ to see this show and definitely not easily offended and have an open mind. If you sit in the front rows, you will most likely be picked on a bit by the "master of ceremonies".The acrobats are sexy, fun and talented. Truly an entertaining show. p.s. If you are stopping at the bar outside to get a drink before you go into the tent, there is a bar inside as well.
5	I have seen Siegfried & Roy, Penn & Teller, Ka, O, Mystere, Carrot Top, Lance Burton, Amazing Jonathan, Ice, Steve Wyrick, Jubilee, Crazy Horse, etc. and, without hyperbole, Absinthe may be better than them all for the following reasons:1) Intimate setting. Show starts at 9:30pm, we arrive in line at 8:50pm, and we get second row seats a few feet from the very small stage in a very small tent. There are no bad seats in the tent. Even third or fourth row seats at Absinthe are closer to the action than first row seats at any other show.2) The show is R-rated (some would say X-rated). Almost all the shows in Vegas are G-rated - even Penn & Teller eliminate the R-rated content from their Showtime show and other media (movies and books) in order to fill their theatre at the Rio. So all the other shows have to appeal to the lowest common denominator and the lowest age in order to fill immense theatres, and that eliminates a lot of potential material. Absinthe does not try to appeal to everyone, which allows it to be extra appealing to some.3) The quality of the performances is top notch. Different performers perform different routines. Even for someone like me who has seen a lot of different performers, I have not seen many of the routines in Absinthe. They combine athleticism, artistry, beauty, comedy, and music in well choreographed routines.If you are a prude, don't go - you may be offended as a couple of other reviews pointed out. Even if you think you have seen everything, you have not seen Absinthe.
5	We had some friends in town that wanted to check out the show. I was worried when purchasing the tickets and seeing that the show was going to be in what looked like a beer garden type of tent. Boy was I pleasantly surprised. The inside looks GREAT!!! It has a somewhat whymsical feel to it. The show itself was pretty good, you can't compare it to some of the bigger shows out here since it has a different approach. My friends and I loved it, the show has a little bit of everything. There is some acrobatics, lots of nasty jokes and a little bit of crowd interaction.If your going to try the drinks steer away from anything with absinthe in it since it's a very strong taste and it took us almost the whole show to get them down. It's a great show, I would say you have to see at atleast once.
4	It's a really good show guys!  Time really flew by and I enjoyed most of it.  It's like Zumanity but with a higher skill level.  If you aren't ok with profanity, sex jokes, racist jokes, this is not the show for you.The only rants I had were that it wasn't assigned seating so we had to get there 30-45 mins earlier to get good seats.  The seats were wooden, crunched and very uncomfortable after 2 hours of sittingIf you choose VIP seats in the front row, you have about a 3% chance of getting boobs in your face or 10% chance of being made fun of.Give it a try!
4	Absinthe is supposedly the #1 show in Vegas, so I decided to splurge $75 on a ticket.Vulgar, racist, and hilarious. This isn't your show if you are a champion of political correctness. But if you're open-minded, be sure to to stop by. Everyone will be picked on, but specifically blacks, Republicans, gays, and females. It's equal opportunity.There was also some audience participation, the details to which I will not divulge ^.^ Though I was surprised how many girls eagerly raised their hands when the moderator asked, "Who here is a drunk slut?"
5	Great laughs and huge entertainment. If you want something off the beaten path and jaw dropping, this is it. Splurge for the VIP ticket, the speakeasy pre-show room and first choice of seats is well worth it.
5	Easily one of the best shows in Vegas !!!! Worth every penny!! Didn't know what to expect but laughed my f@&king ass off!!
2	For the life of me, i cannot figure out where all these rave reviews are coming from (seeded, maybe?). To be sure, the acrobatic performers are 5-star all the way! But everything else is just beyond awful. The seats are uncomfortable, the tent freezing, the drinks terrible. But the all time WORST is the "Gazillionaire" emcee and his annoying side-kick, Penny. Blue humor is great when done cleverly (South Park!), this was just unbelievably stupid and after about 2 minutes, annoying. Even at the Tix4Tonite price seeing the great performers didn't make sitting through the rest of the crap worth it.
5	I had been wanting to see this show since I read the very first reviews but it was tough getting the same night off of work as my husband. Finally, the stars aligned and we both had a Friday night off. Absinthe was my first thought. We obtained VIP tickets for Absinthe at the original Spiegeltent at Caesars Palace on Fri, May 13, 2011 07:30 PM performance, it's just taken me forever to write the review.Walking in to the public courtyard, one is greeted with an eclectic collection of random objects- a spiral staircase up to a lookout point, walls of mirrors, shuffleboard, bars for cocktails, a food truck for pre-show snacks, fun to explore and a nice change of pace from waiting in a theater lobby.Hmmm... what's with the green phone booth over there???The green phone booth turned out to be the secret entrance to the VIP staging area *IF* you know the password.Once you give the password, you'll be admitted into the Speakeasy which is shielded from public view and public access. We weren't even inside for the show yet and we were having a great time!The little Speakeasy was a nice place to relax and have a drink before going in to the tent. There were some comfy chairs, a few swings and one gold colored, red plush seated throne.VIP ticket holders were granted early admission to the Spiegeltent. Once inside, we grabbed a two seat table less than 10 feet from the stage. I sat in a wooden chair and noticed it was very uncomfortable.... and higher than the others. Well, I'd have a good view!The first act was a performer balancing chairs on each other and climbing up the stack. A stagehand came up behind me and took my chair, imagine my surprise when it was handed up to the stage for the performer to add to his stack! Wow!!! That's pretty cool! I love audience participation!Angel and her bubble dance was really fun. She has lovely boobs.The rollerskating duo really had us on the edges of our seats. (Luckily, I was given another chair to sit on). Those skates were very close to us as they whizzed in a circle! Being so close added a nice level of extra excitement to an already awesome show!The Gazillionaire is raunchy, vulgar and completely uncensored, all in a charming way. I think he is a perfect host for this show. If you do choose to sit up close, be warned that he may single you out for ridicule. I wasn't offended by his words but others may not want to hear about racist jokes, cum, or sluts.The aerial silk routine may or may not have intentionally revealed some male genitalia, part of the act, or accidentally, there was a showing of cock and balls. Hysterical in the context of the act.The Green Fairy is quite sexy during her appearances and if you're close to her, you make leave covered in glitter.Ladies, volunteer your services and your exhibitionist side for a free shot of Absinthe. I'll leave it up to your imagination...There are a few other acts, each impressive in its own right. Absinthe is absolutely worth every dollar of the full price admission but if you can get discount tickets, don't pass this one up!And finally . . . Penny. Oh dear, sweet Penny. YOU are funny as hell and left us with cramps in our sides from laughing so hard. I hope you continue to do your puppet show as Absinthe evolves and moves to its new location.I want to come see the show again!
5	Really, enjoyed this. If you can handle the black liquorish taste, I highly recommend absinthe cocktails before the show!Look for the half off tickets booths on the strip, I got in for 60 bucks.
5	Holy crap, this show was awesome!1.  There's no f**** kids around.  The only other shows that are like that are usually because of all the boobs being flashed around, which is not something I'm really interested in seeing with my SO.2.  The comedy aspects of the show were dead on.  Better than some standup material I've been forced to two drink minimum myself through.3.  You're so damn close...  Like literally 2 feet away from amazing acts of gymnastics.4.  The line for beer/wine is short and super close to the stage.  Also, they serve Chimay :)Seriously, this is 100 times better than any of the Cirque shows that cost twice the price.  I highly highly recommend to anyone who appreciates a crude sense of humor and some amazing acrobatics.
5	Frickin HILARIOUS!!! Not for children, or people who can't handle cursing. A GREAT show for adults looking for a fun way to spend a couple hours in Vegas!
5	If you're open-minded, love and appreciate creativity and raunchy humor, don't bother with anything else in Vegas.  This is your show.Absinthe may best be described as Burlesque+Rocky Horror Picture Show+Cirque du Soleil; and I enjoyed every decadent, make you blush, joke and the amazing feats of the wonderfully talented cast.An old school, 1-ring adult circus, it's not for the faint of heart or modest.  The Gazillionaire (aka Ring Master) and Penny are your hosts and they do an incredible job of transporting you away from wherever your thoughts may be into a hysterically twistedly funny world filled with beautiful people who can do amazing things with their bodies and beautifully sultry voice (their is one singer) and make you laugh and gasp in awe at the same time.I haven't laughed this hard in a long time, and how good this cast is, just reminds me how comedy is probably one of the most difficult things to do in the performing arts.  Kudos to the creator and the genius of the incredible team members who put this great show on for people like us to enjoy.Hands down one of the best shows I've ever seen, anywhere.Did I mention?  It's animal-free (=cruelty-free)!  Another bonus!
5	This is show is worth seeing. Period. All of the other "circus" shows in Vegas are great and astounding, but the intimate atmosphere of this smaller venue raises the spectacularity of the feats of dexterity, strength and sensuality up to astonishingly high levels of delight. An excellent production!
5	One of the most entertaining shows. Great mix of comedy and acrobatics. There aren't any bad seats but I think if you pay for the VIP seating you might interact with the host a little more aka picked on. This definitely isn't a kid friendly show. There aren't  any nudity but unless you enjoy prude humor I wouldn't recommend going. The stage is extremely small and all the action is right in front of you. Its roughly 90 minutes long and I enjoyed every second of it. I will definitely be going back to see if some of the audience interaction was staged because I haven't laughed so hard in a long time.
5	Only five stars??? I need six stars, seven stars! I need 14 stars and a giant black unicorn penis! It was f***ing great! Abso-f***ing-lutely amazing!"Oh naughty Ryan, you're not supposed to swear in Yelp reviews, you incorrigible cad!" F**K YOU!That's kinda the attitude you need to have going into this show, because f-bombs, s-bombs, and vivid, graphic, lewd and raunchy descriptions of sex acts will be thrown about like glitter at a gay bar. And it's a friggin' RIOT. I have not laughed so hard in YEARS. The Gazillionaire and his potty-mouth sex-craved assistant Penny will have you rolling in the aisles and laughing about it for days.(Hi Penny. Call me.)But beyond the vulgarity and massive LOLs, the acts that perform are legit, and will boggle your mind. It's done on a very small stage-in-the-round without safety nets. When the opening act was standing on a tower of precariously-balanced tower of ten chairs nearly touching the roof of the "big top" I knew we were in for some amazing feats.The theatre evokes the feeling of a run-down circus tent, and there are bars outside and inside for your libation needs.This has now replaced "Love" as "The Show You MUST See in Vegas." It's that f***ing good. I could see this one over and over. Think "'Rocky Horror' does Cirque, but less froofy." That's what you get.So get on over to Caesars Palace, get yourself all s**t-faced, lose your inhibitions, and enjoy the best f***ing show in Vegas. No tight-a$$es allowed; you WILL be forcibly loosened.
3	First off, thanks Misti for putting together a great Yelp event that included tickets to Absinthe!Absinthe in a nutshell: NOBODY is safe. And by safe I mean, everyone is equally a subject of scrutiny of the show's "host" the Gazillionaire. Who is the Gazillionaire? He is a raunchy man who looks like the lost Schwartzman brother. He is a successful man who runs what appears to be a traveling circus featuring acrobats, dancers, singers-all with extraordinary capabilities. But first and foremost, he is a raunchy, nasty individual. I knew all of this going in, but still found myself with my mouth agape at certain points during the show.Don't bring your grandma. Don't bring your parents. Don't bring your republican friends. Don't bring yourself if you are easily offended.That being said, don't let my three star rating deter you from going to the show-it's absolutely unique and uniquely Vegas. The setting is very intimate and while I felt like I could've benefited from tiered seating for a better view, for the most part the view was great. The acts felt right in my face at times and I found myself on the edge of my seat in a panic quite frequently, but in a good way! I didn't hate the show, but most of the humor just wasn't my kind of humor-everyone has a preference. The show as a whole though was pretty great and I'd probably see it again and sit in an inconspicuous spot as to not be heckled by the Gazillionaire. Because he has no mercy.I don't offend easily, but there were some portions of the show that made me cringe because of the prolonged awkwardness or attempting to take an already hilarious joke to the next level but failing with 6th grade boy humor. A lot of it involves targeting the audience, so don't come if you can't take a joke or laugh at yourself. A couple of hecklers were in the house and The Gazillionaire didn't quite know how to handle that besides telling them to "shut the f$&@* up!" or calling them names or just saying "this is soooo awwwwkwaaaaaard." Which it was.The performances were brilliant! My favorite act was by two security guards who turned into extortionists? Acrobats? I don't know what you call them, but their act was amazing! There was one act that basically mocked every Cirque show ever and it was pretty hilarious! And accurate. The show overall had a good mix of entertainment and what I though was a awesome soundtrack.Again, I'd recommend if you're looking for a show that's far from your standard Vegas show. Remember, the Gazillionaire does not discriminate-he'll get you.
5	Should I be offended or a bit turned on? In all honesty, this is a wildly entertaining show. One should come to Absinthe with an open mind and a sense of humor because nowhere else will you hear so much profanity, vulgarity, racism, sexism, and gay slurs being used. Meeting the cast after the performance, it is easy to see that it is all an act. If there were any conflicting emotions whirling around in my head; it was about how fantastic this show was, how the performers could do half of the stunts, and when was the next time I was going to head to the gym. (The answer was today) Be warned that no one is safe from the sharp wit of the Gazillionaire. At the half way mark, there is an opportunity for audience participation. Do not sit in the front row and hide if sexually provocative actions make you nervous. From start to finish, I was laughing so hard that a tear almost ran down my leg. Just kidding, my cheeks just hurt really badly.
1	The worst show ever.  I walked out after 40 minutes.  Now I want to say that I'm not easily offended.  It's just that the MC was a total jerk, and obviously thought he was much funnier in his mind.  The woman that he converses with has the most annoying high pitched grating voice.  They could have gone without the German insults.  I'm of German heritage and had nothing to do with the holocaust.  It is this kind of language that opens another rift with people of Jewish decent.The only saving grace of the show was the acrobatic feats that were performed.  Those guys and gals are great athletes and that was the only redeeming value.Save your money and go see just about anything else on the Strip.
5	Definitely not the typical Vegas acrobat show. VIP seating is not for the faint of heart since you'll most likely get picked on during the acts. That said, it might be worth it. The show is in a tent in front of Caesars with a divy, surreal yet cozy atmosphere. First, you enter through a not-so-secret entrance (green phone booth) and are seated about 2 feet from the stage and therefore, feel like part of the show. Acrobats are truly amazing and the "mature" comedy is pee-inducing. I highly recommend this show to anyone who has a raunchy sense of humor. Want to spice up a date night? You must go.
4	I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact that they sell beers (chimay draft!) for $12!  $12 for a friggin' beer?  Damn.  Damn.  Damn.  Maybe the end of the world is upon us.. 2012 when beers cost $12.  It was a tasty beer tho'Good show otherwise.
5	Hot Damn! So wroooong but so right!Not a show you take your mother to, that's for sure. Nothing could have prepared me for the Gazillionaire and Penny. NOTHING! Mix their antics with astonishingly amazing acrobats that produce fear and awe, throw in some vaudeville and you've got one hell of a treat. It's vulgar, obscene, raunchy, bawdy...you get the picture? I don't know what I enjoyed the most - the debauchery or the acrobats!The setting: Spiegeltent, an intimate tiny arena inside a tent erected outside of Caesar's. The stage is tiny, making the stunts that much more impressive. The acrobats are performing mere feet from the audience and right over our heads at times. Warning- the wooden folding chairs are very uncomfortable and really hurt my back, so you best get really drunk and maybe you won't notice the pain!Lots of T & A, washboard abs and bulging packages, but no complaints from moi!A MUST SEE when in Vegas!
4	I'm going to roll back my expected 5-Star rating to a four. Maybe I'm slightly a prude? Heck, I worked the Adult Video Conference, walked the floor and saw strippers gyrating on each other and yet, Absinthe made me feel just a teeny bit more awkward! Now I guess that's a compliment to what this show really is, because it is definitely raunchy, dirty fun! First off the show was amazing for what it is. A tiny circus tent filled with BIG talent. The performers were absolutely amazing and performed all their acts to a tee. I am always amazed by what the human body can do. These performers deserved the standing ovation they deserved at the end of the show.As for the racy part of the show. Well, just don't bring your parents, okay? I don't mind F-Bombs or even the occasional sexual joke, but Absinthe is just brimming over the top with them. As in bubbling over. I'd personally like my dirty jokes scaled back just a bit. Oh yes, no one is safe by the way. The Gazillionaire will be happy to pull people from the audience to completely embarrass them on-stage. Please be willing to do whatever he says. The night we were there the audience member he selected was not going the distance and it was quite lame.All in all, I did enjoy it. Would I go back and see it again? Yes. I'd like to take my boyfriend because I think it may be the only show on the Strip he would actually be willing to go see.
5	Absinthe in a word was "Incredible"!! If Cirque du Soleil had a funny, acid dropping uncle, he would be Absinthe. From the moment the show began I was in awe of the acrobatic skills of the performers and laughing my ass off at The Gazillionaire and his cast of co-stars. Amazingly most of the show took place on a circular stage that measured about 8 feet across and is housed in a tent in front of Caesar's Palace.   The Gazillionaire and his side-kick Penny are the stars of the show and provide most of the comedic moments and they play off of each other quite well. Between the Gazillionaire's jabs at the audience and Penny's wacky rants you'll belly-laugh throughout the show. The acrobatic feats on stage are easily on the level you would see at any Cirque show on the strip. The women in the audience seemed to appreciate the young, muscular acrobats performing onstage. The fact is I think my wife had "chick-wood" through most of the show.   Seriously, the whole show was spectacular and I would highly recommend it to anyone who isn't offended by four letter words, nearly bare breasts, dude's bulges, female audience members "motor boating" each other or a unicorn with a black shlong in place of its horn! Enjoy!!
2	Show was absolutely great! But, yes BIG BUT!!!! They had the AIR Conditioning BLARING THE ENTIRE SHOW!!!!! So uncomfortable...... Everyone was complaining about it the ushers looked at our row with all our coats on and kept it moving!! HORRIBLE!
5	Ah-mazziinnngggg!!! Absinthe was one of the best shows I have seen on the strip in a long time.  I've seen most of the Cirque du Soleil shows and while they're all great shows, Absinthe is a mixture of acrobatics and raunchy comedy.  Just like the other reviews, this show is not for everyone.  I loved the intimate setting of the venue.  I thought I was the only person who knew of Esquivel and loved the fact that you waited for the show listening to his new age bachelor pad music. I wasn't hip on the uncomfortable chairs, but after the performance started, the chairs really didn't matter.  The performers are so close and their abilities of contortion, balance and stamina are mind blowing.  Also, Penny and The Gazillionaire had me nearly peeing my pants because they were so hilarious and you can't beat a comedy duo that can get an "old, Republican looking" woman to motorboat an "easy" slut.  That had the crowd going wild.All in all, Absinthe is a MUST see (for non-prudish people) and it's worth every penny.
3	It was a really fun show, but if I had to compare to other shows on the strip, I would go with a Cirque show, especially for the price. My biggest complaint was the seating, it'd be nice if it was tiered for better views of T & A. And those wooded chairs were torture on my boney a*s. The show was funny and sexy and a little bit demented. Amazing acrobatics, vulgar obscenities, and stories of sexual depravity were included in the price of admission. The Gazillionaire and Penny were hilarious. If you sit up front or in sight of those on stage, be prepared to be insulted or better yet; to get pulled up on stage to eventually have your embarrassing YouTube video all over the internet.The setting for the show is great, love the music played during the acts. Get in line early for a good seat. (The show would be perfect for a Bachelor or Bachelorette party.)
4	This is one of those things that I SWEAR I wrote a review for..... but I guess not.  My second experience with Absinthe is the one I'll review, since I was actually sober for it....The acts are pretty amazing.  They do a lot with a tiny bit of stage space! There's roller skating, tightrope, trapeze, and some silliness as well.  Then there's the gorgeous singing fairy... rowr!This show was a "6 star" review for me the first time I saw it... but in the harsh light of sobriety, I could see the flaws.  The "witty banter" between the hosts is straight off a script and gets stale fast.  The audience interactions can be strained if there are jerks or a lame crowd.  And the seats are hella uncomfortable.  But still.  It is a fantastic show, and definitely worth seeing.  Just make sure you get a good locals deal!
5	I  saw this one of a kind show with my wife on a Saturday night. this is easily one of the best shows we have seen in Vegas. Very, very funny and entertaining. I don't recall the last time I've heard my wife laugh so hard. Not a show for the meek but a great value for the money. Full of energy.
5	I really loved Absinthe. It was hilarious, vulgar and oddly awe-inspiring at the same time. I like to describe the show as, "Cirque de Soleil and the Moulin Rouge were hit by a Rocky Horror Picture Show bus."My favorite part of Absinthe was the Gazillionaire and his slightly slow, side-kick Penny. As someone who loves self-deprecating humor, laughing with and at the rest of the audience as the Gazillionaire poked-fun at their race, sexual orientation and political stance was side-splitting. Just be warned, this show is not for the timid or for anyone who takes themselves too seriously (especially if you sit in the front row).The show is performed in a tent outside of Caesars Palace and since the setting is on the smaller side you can see the action from any seat in the house. The show did a decent job switching from the comedy routine to showcase the talented acrobatic acts and back again without loosing my attention. Another plus, you can actually enjoy a cocktail of absinthe while you watch the show. Yum!
5	Absinthe is the LEAST PC show I have ever seen - what a breath of fresh air!  It's raunchy, sexy and simply outrageous!  Don't see it if you are easily offended- nobody in the audience is safe from ridicule.Aside from the comedy, there is some huge talent in the cast. If you are a fan of acrobatics and Cirque-style amazing feats, you won't be disappointed. The acts were amazing and seeing everything so close-up in such a small venue makes it all the more fantastic.  No, the seats are not the most comfortable but who cares? You will be so entertained you really won't notice.  Next trip to Vegas, put this one on your must-see list!
5	A quaint setting for an entertaining  90 minute show. Filled with beautiful girls , great circus acts and a funny master or ceremony.If you easily offended with bad language or a little nudity then this show is not for you.It is non stop action.If you don't like to get pick on I would not sit close to the stage, especially the VIP seats in the first row.It reminds me of a grown up Cirque DE Soliel, that is for grown ups.We had VIP tickets, you enter through a phone booth that has a fake wall.The only compliant is that the seats are very uncomfortable, how hard would it be to put pads on the wooden chairs.They let you take pictures and video the show.A show worth seeing.You won't be disappointed.
5	Hilarious, risque, obscene and just simply amazing! Inside a tent, with near naked girls, circus acts and a gazillionaire who kept me laughing for a while, was one of the best shows I've ever seen. I had VIP seats, which was only a few feet away from the stage. I would definitely recommend this to my buddies.
5	This is THE BEST show in Vegas right now.  Raunchy humor and amazing acrobatic performances.  Very intimate setting.  Most seats provide a great view of the stage.  This is Cirque du Soleil without the kiddie comedy.  You would be missing out if you don't see this show.
5	Absinthe is unlike the other shows you may catch in Vegas - it's got components of stand-up comedy, circus, and burlesque, but it's intimate in a small venue. Be willing to laugh at things that might make you uncomfortable - show up, let it happen, and have fun. If you are easily offended, this isn't for you. If you need to be politically correct, this isn't for you. If you are open to nipple tassles, men in speedos, rauchy humor and laughing hysterically, this is your scene.I splurged for "VIP" section tickets, and can't believe how close I was to the performers. Amazing. Be advised the whole show is general admission, and the VIP section is too (but the seats to choose from are front row and tables).Foul-mouthed, politically incorrect, and filled with truly impressive entertainers, Absinthe is worth every penny and highly recommended. Loved this show.
5	Sexy, funny, and filled with "wow" moments! This was my first cirque show and I think it spoiled me forever. This show as pointed out before has a good mix of standup comedy, acrobats and burlesque. In particular, I enjoyed the two gymnasts' performance, and the chair piling. Keep in mind that you might not want to bring kids to this show though, since it's quite explicit in the language used and the scenes portrayed. I have never had my jaw drop so many times in a single show! Like their slogan says, if you have time to attend only one show in Vegas, this should be at the top of your list!
4	First get a discount coupon at tix4tonight who has them for around $20 less than advertised. The show is under a tent and there are no bad seats so don't pay additional for VIP seating.  You'll need that saved money to afford the drinks.  $40 for two cocktails (lemons drop and a long island) and two small bottles of water.  Get drunk at the tables first.  The show is a cross between highly raunch and potentially offensive humor and an acrobatics show.  Less humor and more acrobatics.  We are not easily offended and when it comes to humor we think there are very few limits.  If you get offended then this show is not for you!
5	This show was awesomely vulgar and hilarious, on top of all the badass acrobatic acts.I believe most of the seating is first come first served.  We arrived maybe 20 minutes before the show started and only the back rows were open.  The space is pretty small in a good way, so everyone can see everything from anywhere.  It's in a massive tent and along the walls are reserved tables, but we found one spot that was open.  I didn't see anyone claim any of the the reserved tables either.You will get picked on if you're close enough to the front, so if you're uncomfortable with that then you probably shouldn't even watch this show.Most of the girls are pretty ridonculous as well.Penny has a very talented foul mouth.
5	One of the best shows I have seen in a very long time! Everything other Yelpers have said is all true. Its definitely risque, offensive, full of comedy, talented performers, super explicit, funny and just jaw dropping performances by all and I loved every minute of it. Definitely makes one want to go to the gym and work on their fitness.Come and watch this show and you will not be disappointed. The show is general admission, so get there alittle early so you can get a good seat,  wherever you sit, you will have a good time. Recommend!
5	So the wife and I ended up here last Friday after we learned that Zumanity was sold out, and we were told that this would be a good alternative. We were hesitant at first and unsure if we should see this, especially since we had never heard of this show before. After quickly consulting my fellow yelpers, we opted to buy tickets for the late showing of Absinthe. Let me tell you what a pleasant surprise this was! First off, it is 1st come 1st serve seating. The seats aren't elevated or risen like a standard theater or stadium, but right behind one another, meaning you can't see over the person in front of you. We sat in the very back, as those seats were slightly elevated. This is a fairly small tent, so we were able to see really well. If we were ever to go to another venue like this, we would choose the exact same seats. The front is where you don't want to be, unless you would like to be material for the host.As for the show itself, it was really good. Very crude, offensive, all-inclusive humor. He picked on an older white couple (which he called the republicans) several times throughout the evening. He referred to a group of young ladies on the 1st row as sluts multiple times. He made reference to 4 black males who were towards the back of the theater saying that it was racist that they had to sit that far back, and that they had them separated from the other black people in the audience. There were several other racial jokes, lots of sexual references(to include a very descriptive/explicit puppet show by the potty mouthed hostess), stunts and acrobatics(a chair stacker, a couple on roller skates, Russian gymnasts & a tightrope act were our favorites. All acts were quite impressive though), and a bit of burlesque(tassles and bows covering the tips of the boobies). My wife and I found this show extremely hilarious and entertaining, but a lot of people I know would look at me funny for having been to and enjoyed this show(provided they knew about it, which I highly doubt is the case). Good for date night and even a night out with the guys or girls. I wouldn't bring my parents, co-workers, in-laws, or anyone I was trying to impress. The older couple in front of us looked extremely uncomfortable and I think I may have seen them laughing once, while my wife and I had tears and headaches from the laughing. As I said in my Zumanity review, people liken these shows to each other, but there isn't much comparison as they are both pretty different. I guess if you toned down the hosts here(A LOT) it would be fairly similar to Zumanity.For the record, we are both early thirties and I am black and she is Asian, but neither of us are easily offended and we're both open-minded. You will have to risk/determine for yourself if this show is good for you or not. In summary, a great show that I would highly recommend to some of my circles of friends, but probably not all.
4	First and foremost - the ticket booth opens at noon and can be found outside Caesar's near Serendipity. They have someone walking around handing out coupons for $20 off, but they can only be used on regular priced tickets, not VIP. You can buy tickets all the way up to the start of the show.Second, buy the VIP tickets and sit as close to the stage as possible - it is well worth the extra $30, you get a free drink and you get to see everything up close and may be able to participate in the show. Third, show up at least 30 - 45 mins early if you want to get a good seat, whether VIP or not. Both lines fill up fast. VIP lines form on the side where the green telephone booth is at and that's actually what you walk through to enter the tent. Fourth, there are  no restrooms inside the tent. The closest ones are near Serendipity. Once they start letting people in, you will have plenty of time to get drinks and make a bathroom run before the show starts.If you are planning on bringing parents, inlaws or relatives, they had better be okay with nudity and vulgarity. The majority of the acts are acrobatic, but there is a lot of very vulgar stories and some partial naked bits. Did I mention the show is very vulgar?If I had to sum it up, it's a smaller version of Zumanity, but without the full frontal nudity (Absinthe uses pasties).
5	We absolutely loved this show. First of all, there are the amazing acrobatic stunts. I couldn't believe some of the stuff they were able to do. With the size of the tent, every seat is a good seat, and you have an up close and personal view of everything that is being done. Besides the acrobatics, there was also some great, highly offensive (to some), politically incorrect, raunchy comedy...which was awesome. My husband and I laughed until we cried. If you sit in the front, there is a good chance you could be picked on, so don't sit there unless you are ok with that. And if you are easily offended, or are a big ol' stick in the mud, don't bother going to this show. But if you have a fun sense of humor and enjoy seeing some fun acrobatic stunts, then this is the show for you.
5	WHERE TO START?So on our last day staying at the Cosmpolitan we decided that we wanted to see a show (Saturday) and went to the concierge. She really insisted that we see Absinthe. I had never heard of this show and was a little skeptical but she really pushed this show so we decided to just give it a try.We purchased the VIP tickets and arrived 30 minutes before the show. We were still able to snag front row seats for the earlier 7:00pm show. The entire room was full when the show started.It is suuuch a unique experience. I have seen various shows in Vegas such as Zumanity, Peepshow, Crazy Horse, "O", & more that I can't even remember (obviously weren't the greatest) and I can honestly say that Absinthe was the best show that I have ever seen in my entire life.Get there early as the front seats are the best in my opinion. We were in the center of the entire show.The host was sooo funny my fiance and I were both crying. My cheeks hurt from laughing so hard. He made the funniest jokes about the audience members and the entire room was roaring with laughter.The jokes are EXTREMELY sexually oriented. Do NOT see if it is a first date or something along those lines as it would be an uncomfortable experience. I saw a bunch of girls with one of the girls' father so I was pretty surprised with that but they all had a great time. He got two audience members to stick out their tongues and touch them against each other (one older lady and a very young party girl). It was such a funny experience. I have never seen any show like this and have been spoiled for the best for my life.If you see ONEEEE show in Vegas make SURE it's Absinthe.The show is a mix of comedy & acrobats. Bottom line.-- Go to the bathroom before as the bathroom is outside of the theater and if you come back during a performance they will make you wait-- If you don't want to be picked on or are shy do not sit in the front rows-- They let you videotape and take pictures the entire time as long as there is no flash-- If you are buying general admission tickets (not VIP) go to the actual box office to purchase them because there is a guy outside handing out $20 off tickets to the show. It does NOT apply to VIP tickets (which are honestly the best seats).There is one drink included with VIP so it's really worth it to get those tickets. I had a glass of wine with the voucher and I swear they must have given me the entire bottle. Definitely got our money's worth.We will probably go back to see this show honestly and I have never said that about any show. It is a MUST MUST MUST see.
5	::Happy Dance::I'm not going to waste my time trying to explain to you people how amazing this show is. If you don't go see it, you lose. Simple as that. Rule 1: If you're a prude, conservative, religious zealot or an overall boring person that never sins, swears or has sex; get out of Vegas and go see The Muppet's or something. Absinthe is heavy on the dirty words, racist slang and sexual innuendo.Rule 2: Don't go see this show with your parents. Awkward.Rule 3: There are an excessive amount of super sexy chicks and seriously buff dudes. Save your cats calls when the ball and chain isn't around. Rule 4: Ignore the seating. It may seem tight and slightly uncomfortable, but when the show starts you won't notice anything but the amazingness in front of you. Rule 5: Have a great time. It truly is an incredible show. The best I've seen in Vegas to date.
4	I really enjoyed the baudy humor and circus acts in this show. It was crude, funny, and very entertaining all at once. There's some nudity and lots of foul language.  The abs on the Russian acrobats were unbelieveable, and the comedian's comments about what she wanted to do to those abs were "I can't believe she just said that" spit-your-drink-through-your-nose funny. The only negative was that the story line is very loose. I really couldn't even tell why they named the show Absinthe. If you go expecting a fun variety show, you won't be disappointed, just don't expect a play.
5	Warning This Show is Rated R By the MPAA, actually it's Rated a Hard R, actually it's more like a Throbbing, Veiny, Hard R, well you get the point.Imagine if Rock Horror Picture Show had a Baby with Cirque De Soleil, and that baby lived in a tent in front of Caesars Palace.The show opens with Melody Sweets who does a nice burlesque opening, we are then introduced to Penny Pibbets and the Gazillionaire who serve as our tour guides into the world of Absinthe. I've seen the show 4 times (tonight will make #5) and each time it's a little different. They have a few different acts that rotate through depending on the night, but they're all entertaining.If any of my friends visit, and they want to see a show, I always recommend Absinthe. Hell I'll even tell customers to go to see the show, it's gotten to the point where I almost want a referral card so they know I sent them.This show is a MUST SEE IN VEGAS, hands down it is the best show on the strip. It may be the best show I've ever seen!
5	Absolutely loved this show and enjoyed every minute of it! I have never heard of it or knew it existed til a Yelp event. Its definitely worth seeing, and I havent laughed that hard in a while... it was beyond hilarious. If you get offended easily or don't have a sense of humor, this show probably isn't for you, but if you're like me and have a twisted sense of humor, this show is definitely 100% for you!! I loved that no matter what seat you pick, its still a good seat cuz the stage/performances are basically in the center of the tent. I would love to see this show again sometimes!
5	Favorite show ever! I had so much fun, I wanted to move into that tent and never leave, especially with that type of humor they have going on in there! Hilarious! Filthy dirty language and soooo funny! We loved every minute of it.
5	This show is AMAZING!  Highly recommended!  We sat in the VIP, the chairs were hard and I felt cramped.  (the chairs were arranged in rows in a circle around the stage).  I would definitely pay less to sit in the back, it looked a lot more comfortable plus it would be easier to make a visit to the bar! Also if you sit in the back there's less of a chance you will get picked on!This is an R rated (lots of cussing and sex talk) funny circus with some burlesque, acrobatics, and other cool stunts.  The acts were amazing, the comedians so funny, I literally laughed out loud!   We will DEFINITELY see Absinthe next time we are in Vegas!
5	Just do it.
4	Go to Vegas.com to get tickets at good prices. DON'T pay extra for VIP seating. There isn't a bad seat in the tent as it's small and intimate enough to see everything from anywhere. Go to the 8pm show and you won't have to wait in line ahead of time for general seating as the doors open at 7:30. Very entertaining. Shouldn't be compared to a Cirque show as it really isn't trying to be one despite any similarities in some of the types of acts.
5	Just go see it.  Part raunchy comedy, part Cirque du Soleil, part burlesque.  Freaking hilarious, along with great music.  Definitely NOT for the kids OR the conservative types.  But it was the first show I saw in Vegas and i LOVED IT.  Somewhat pricey at $79 (or VIP for $109 which is not worth it), it's a small theater and there's really no bad seat in the house.  GO SEE IT!!!
5	So the ads for Absinthe don't really tell you what the show is about.  And when it starts, I think about the pitch for Spectacular!Spectacular! in the movie Moulin Rouge!-- lots of adjectives but nothing really to say what it's about or why it should be made.And even after seeing it, I can't exactly describe it to you.  You just have to go.  Because it's awesome.The show is in a tent at Caesar's-- only 7 rows deep.  There's some burlesque from a singer who has 3 numbers (one striptease to pasties, one separate number, and one "reverse strip" back to her costume), some comedy done by the "billionaire" who supposedly funds the show and acts as an MC, and his assistant Penny, who's a cross between an oversexed robot and a mental patient, and then acrobatics/gymnastics.The singer is Vegas-level fine.  The comedy is funny, though the lowest level (making fun of a Japanese person in the audience for not having a camera... making fun of the white guy in boat shoes' made-up fear of the black lady sitting behind him... you get it).  I felt myself thinking "Really, you're telling this joke?" a number of times, but still couldn't help but laugh.  A bunch.But what makes this show is the acrobatics/gymnastics.  There are tightrope walkers.  But instead of them being 100 yards away from you, they're RIGHT THERE.  Their balance poles might hit you in the head.  There's a roller skate duo (skating in tiny circles on the 8 foot stage) where the Billionaire says beforehand: "Those of you in the front row, don't stand up during this act--you'll get hit in the face."  There are trapese artists, Russian acrobats, and other contortionists.  And they're all amazing.  I don't want to ruin the surprises, because multiple times I said "No, they're not going to do THAT," and they did.  And it's all so close, you can hear the breathing, see the sweat, feel the tension.Totally enjoyable show, in a beautiful tent (most people sit in wooden chairs, but there are fun couches, barber chairs, etc., toward the back that you might get if you ask nicely), great (but expensive) absinthe-based cocktails, and a fun time.I can see why there's not a lot of description on Absinthe's advertising--the show is just indescribable.
5	If you are visiting Vegas, do not come back without watching this show. It's awesome and completely worth the money. Just go for it.
5	By far one of the best shows in Vegas! This is an adults only, combination of burlesque sensuality, vulgar comedy, cirque style acrobatics, and amazing, over the top, stunts that can't be described. Like another reviewer said, its not a Cirque de Soleil, but is comparable, without being so "magical", and yet managing to be 10 times more over the top. I would go see this show again next time I'm in Vegas...I literally had my mouth open in awe for the majority of the show....GO SEE IT!! Don't bring anyone to the show who is easily offended. Its fantastic.
4	Absolutely entertaining!! Sexy, cool, amazing, dirty,awesome,insane.Right in your face amazing acrobats with pure talent. The emcees were the life of the show. Can't get enough of the dirty jokes. Definitely for adults only.
3	Absinthe is basically an adult circus that seems to work really hard to make it raunchy and vulgar. I don't mind it, I just thought it felt forced and unnecessary (to be fair, I was sober...). A lot of swearing and dirty jokes. The jokes were funny, but the performers doing the circus acts were so good that they didn't really need all the dressings.The athleticism of the performers was out of this world. Very talented people. I was on the edge of my (very uncomfortable seat) the whole time. The roller skating act seemed dangerous and I thought was a bit too much. If anything went wrong, there could be some serious damage to the audience, let alone the performers.There was some audience heckling, but it was funny. And, it was just the ringleader saying stuff about people based on their looks - the gays, the republicans, the mexican, etc. Its not like in some comedy shows where there's dialogue between audience member and performer. It pushed the limits, but didn't go too far.Definitely a show I would only go to in Vegas, but I'm glad I went. Very Vegas, but something you gotta do if you're here. Entertaining, amusing, had me constantly laughing. And the circus acts were really cool with unbelievable talent.NOTE: general seating only - like a movie theatre. But all of the seats seem basically the same. Inside a medium sized circus tent, with chairs around the center stage. Don't freak out, you'll forget about your seat when the show starts. All your attention will be on the performers.
4	Loved the atmosphere and the fact that the show is right in front of you!  Worth the money spent. As with a couple of other shows we went to in Vegas be aware no bathrooms, so go before!
5	This and O are my favorite cirque de soleil shows in Vegas!  This show may be the best simply because you are so close to the action and it is action packed!!  Don't go if you are sensitive and get your feelings hurt because they do quite a bit of banter with the audience.  Many death defying and gravity defying stunts inches from your face!!!
5	This show was amazing!!! Something very different from any production I've ever seen, including the Cirque d'Soleil shows.  The small tent is so intimate, dark and cozy, with retro carnival themed bars inside.That said, I was so shocked by some of the jokes they made, I couldn't even laugh.  I was too busy gasping and peeking through my hands to see if the audience members "the millionaire" had insulted were going to climb up and punch him.Love Angel Porrino, but her performance was kinda mehh...oh well.  She's still so cute!!Agree with the other reviewers...you WILL be targeted if you sit in the first couple rows!! Also, get a dragonberry mojito from the stand outside.  They are delicious!  Then sit back and enjoy the show :)
5	Was watching for the black unicorn all night! Never saw it! Wanna go back and try to find it again ..... Be prepared for your sides and cheeks to hurt from laughing! Without duplicating what all the other reviews say - and they are spot on! Just go see it. Affordable and THE best show on the strip.
4	I wasn't sure what to expect from this show, I suppose something trippy and green themed based on the name but the content was actually pretty diverse and featured some very skilled performers.  I got my ticket at the 'half-price' ticket place at Fremont Street which ended up being way less than the telephone price but about what the normal box office price is.  When I arrived for the show I got an upgrade from the doorman/manager to an aisle seat on the third row.  From what I could tell, every seat in the tent theater seemed to have a good view of the action but the seats were small, uncomfortable rickety wooden chairs so being on the aisle is key.  The comedian host and hostess of the show were hilarious and managed to keep the flow of the action constant and well tied together.  Whatever they make it's not enough, as they probably cover 2/3d of the show with aplomb.  There were a lot of crude jokes about homosexuals (both genders), republicans, foreigners, blacks, etc.  Nobody is safe in this show but it was all pretty funny if you're not thin skinned.  The acrobatic performers were all pretty amazing and interesting to watch up close.  Their skill and years of practice becomes pretty evident when you see the fantastic maneuvers they pull off just a few feet away.  The pace and flow of the show are very natural and smooth, highly entertaining.  My only complaints: it was hard to break away from the show for a trip to the bar, and the chairs were pretty damn uncomfortable.
4	It's funny.  Without a doubt, I laughed my ass off.  HOWEVER, it's vulgar, naughty, and definitely not for everybody.  You will see boobies and tongues and hear swear words.  If that's not your thing, don't do it.  I am always the person who sits behind the guy with gigantism.  The seats are set in tiers, but if you are in the middle of a tier behind the 8 foot tall person, you will see nothing that's going on in front of you until the aerialists or whomever is doing their bit heads up into the roof.  If you are short, as I am, and prone to sitting behind giants, as I am, ask to sit at the front of a tier or in the front row.  Otherwise, be prepared to see a whole lot of nothing.  If you've seen Cirque you've seen most of the acts before, with less boobies, but it's fun being so close and the emcee is really horribly crass and very funny.  It's like Zumanity on a smaller scale, and I found it to be a lot funnier and more enjoyable.
5	This was without a doubt the best show I have seen in my entire 6 years of living in Las Vegas, however, I would not reccomend this show to those who can't appreciate a little nudity and extremely raunchy comedy. I really enjoyed the intimate atmosphere and eclectic decor inside the tent. Its kind of like some twisted comedy show meets cirque du soleil on mushrooms. Not for everyone, but it was right up my alley. I have not laughed like that in a while. Plus, tickets were reletively affordable in comparison to most of the cheesy commercial shows that you usually see on the strip. I am disappointed that Absinthe will only be in Las Vegas for a limited time because I would actually love to take some friends from out of town and see it again. Definitely go see this show if you have the opportunity.
5	When you walk up the big white tent, you are definitely caught off guard as soon as you walk in. Immediately you are fascinated by its decor - an intimate, French bohemian styled venue that is impressive and fun. Once you are seated, thee is waitress service selling the bartender's concoction of the evening for $5. Delicious and a pleasant surprise, if I do say so.And this show is fucking fantastic! But if you hate that I swore, then you'll go over the edge in offense at the banter of the host/ funding entity the Gazillonare and his sidekick, Penny Pippets. The swear words are abundant, the jokes are extremely raunchy, but it was continual laughter until tears came to your eyes and your side aches. If you are prudish or are a child, this show is not for you.The acrobatic performances were undeniably A1, fantastic and awe inspiring. The feats stand up to Any Cirque show. The intimate setting of the tent made it that much better because they were right there. The singer and burlesque singer (who went down to pasties) was good.The surprising pluses - The waitress service for the specialty drinks which saved us going to a congested bar and the intimate setting. You aren't going to get that feeling seeing many other shows.The fact that you can take pictures and video. You couldn't use a flash, but with the lighting, it didn't matter in the slightest.The disappointment - the seating. I definitely would have ponied up the dough to get out of the tiny, uncomfortable chairs to get a table. The show is worth spending that extra cheddar on better seats. Go see this show without the children and enjoy yourself. It's worth the money and would be a consideration to see more than once.
5	I went to Absinthe for the first time last night not knowing what to expect.  Found myself in a bizarre, small-tent circus with very adult humor.  It was an absolutely awesome time!  The circus acts were great, and because it's a small venue it's all happening right in front of you.  The comedy in between acts gives it a raunchy variety show feel and, from what I can tell, everyone was laughing.  It's not a show for kids, most grandmas from Ohio, those who take themselves too seriously, or the sober (and to paraphrase the show, if you're sober, what are you doing in Vegas?  It's a terrible vacation destination).For some reason, I was in fact sober during the show, but found myself laughing (LOLing) and saying "Wow" a lot.  Add this to your must-see list!
5	This is the second Vegas show I've ever watched and I loved it! Regular priced seating ran out, so my boyfriend and I opted for the VIP seating (we had 2nd row). There's a secret entrance for VIP to the show, which is a green telephone booth. The show is set inside a tent right outside of Caesars Palace. The gazillionaire and his assistant made me crack up so hard while they introduced each act, and each act was amazing with all the body strength and flexibility! I highly recommend Absinthe to anyone, except young children (if they're even able to get in). You would have to have an open mind with crude humor that's for sure! btw, VIP gets you a drink ticket as well.For the length of the show, it was better to be entertained than to gamble your money away!
2	We just saw this show Friday night.  I was told it was an "adult show".  Which is great, hell we are in Vegas! If you go to this show, go drunk. That is about the only way you will find it funny.  Plus the seating is horrible, you can hardly move because you are so close to each other.  Very uncomfortable!!! The host was ok, somewhat funny.  However, the girl that comes out with him just ruins the whole show!  I couldn't understand half of what she was saying, and what I could understand was just stupid.  The only reason I am giving this show 2 stars is because of the two men and their act.  It was amazing.  The other acts are very good as well!  This show would be great if they got rid of the host, his sidekick and the singing girls.  The only reason we went to this show was because of all the great review it got.  Now I wish we would of picked a different show.  We did see Carrot Top and he was great.  I was even not sure about his show due to all the bad reviews he got, but he was the best show we saw in Vegas this time around.  So it made up for going to this show!  I usually dont write reviews but I had to for this one, just so people could save their money and see a show worth seeing.   This show is not worth the money at the price we paid we could of paid a few more dollars and seen a Cirque du soleil show!  Man I really wish we would!!!
5	A friend recommended this show, .  I was sold.  We saw the first sown on Friday, 5/4, and it was FANTASTIC.   It's not for kids, and I was laughing and in awe the entire hour and a half!  I will go back!  The acts were amazing, incredible talent, the venue is small, so all seats are great seats.  I saw negative feedback about the seating, it's cozy, folding type chairs, hooked together, so you can't move to give space between the next person, but it really doesn't make a difference.   The comedy is great, and I can't wait to go back.  When I talked about the show I saw, it was a bit different than the one my friend saw, so I guess they do change it up.  Looking forward to seeing this again!!
5	Cirque meets Rocky Horror, the ads trumpet.  I think that sells Absinthe short. I'd say, Cirque meets Rocky Horror over a warm crack pipe is more like it.Mind boggling circus acts go down on a 9' stage insanely close to the audience. the Gazillionaire and his assistant Penny blow through the wall of good taste like the Kool Aid Man with their uproariously, screamingly funny antics. Penny's shockingly obscene puppet show and their performance as alter egos Ivan and Ivana are particular highlights.Torch songstress, beautiful burlesque dream and future ex-wife Melody Sweets seduces the audience with her sultry voice. The dizzyingly fast Green Tornado are literally defying death nightly with their roller skating act, performed on the aforementioned 9' wide stage.More fun than any other show in Vegas and the first show I recommend to Vegas visitors when anybody asks.
5	I'd heard good things about Absinthe, but after a friend who's opinion I value highly raved about it, I decided it was time to see it. It was even better than I'd heard and it's a show that I'll be back to see again ASAP. The tent itself is amazing! I've walked past the tent many times and not thought much about it from the outside; the inside is like an entirely separate world that's got something to look at in every direction. It's small enough that there really isn't a bad seat in the house.  The humor is amazingly twisted and it's really not a show for everybody; if you are easily offended, there is a very real chance you will experience moments of panic and absolute mortification. If you can appreciate a quick wit, you will love this show for everything that Gaz and Penny are not afraid to say.  The acts themselves are ridiculously impressive. As a former student of gymnastics and aerial arts, I was seriously impressed at the level of performers they had in such a small, intimate show. The acts themselves are an amazing balance between intimate and technical, each breath-taking in different ways.  This is without a doubt, my new favorite show in Las Vegas.
5	Jaw-dropping. Hilarious. An all around amazing show.  The stunt acts are integrated with a comedy skit that runs throughout the show and entails crude/raunchy humor.  Absinthe was definitely worth the long line and $100/ticket.  Get in line early (general admission) if you want a close seat/to be made fun of because they interact with the first 2 rows of the audience!
5	The funniest, most entertaining show I've seen in a really long time. I'm not going to go into details because enough people already have. I will easily make it a point to see it again. Well, unless there is another mammoth woman sitting in front of me and my lady recording the entire freakin' show on her crappy cell phone. Oh yeah, that's my only gripe, you are packed in like tuna in those nasty canned tuna in water things.
5	Can't wait to see it again!!! With a new cast!!!  My absolute FAVORITE Vegas show so far... VERY raunchy and hilarious, not for the easily offended.  The acrobatics are just awesome, and what these people can do with such a small place, it amazes me.  I've seen it twice!
5	Loved it, great show overall. Much more interesting than most shows due to the mixture of comedy, acrobatics, and overall execution of the script. The show is in Caesars Palace in a tent outside the lobby. Highly suggested that you see this one.
5	On trip to town with husband.  One of the best shows I've seen.  Performers are amazing & enjoyed tent atmosphere!  Very enjoyable & excellent staff & service!
5	The best show I have ever seen...If you go to see a show in Vegas this has to be it...So much fun, and well worth the money!!!
5	It is impossible to describe this show. Just go and see it! The humor is raunchy, for sure, as is the language, but there is nothing else like Absinthe for amazing, breathtaking, hilarious, jaw-dropping entertainment. I totally loved every moment of it and could easily see it again. What are you waiting for? Go!
5	Ive only lived in vegas for 18months now and even though I go out almost every weekend I still havent been to the same show more than once. That is until the night I took my gf to see Absinthe. I explained it was an intimate freak show where the front row runs the risk of decapitation during a few events. She wasnt convinced but promised me to keep an open mind.Its been about a year since my last visit and it was great to see some new acts and faces. The girls are very sexy and the male performers are equally impressive.Be prepared to be offended as they cuss almost every 10mins and even go down the risky racial road but its done in such a way as to not overly offend anyone. The gf tensed up, gasped and even covered her eyes once as the acts are done with little to no safety nets. She left saying it was one of the best shows she has seen and she has been here over 10yrs.Ok now for my complaints. The seats are uncomfortable. Bring a cushion as they are folding chairs that are strapped down and cant be moved. You are only there for 90 mins so its not that bad.  The lights could be better as you are often looking upwards and being blinded by the stage lights.Its a highly recommend show as far as this local is concerned!
1	I don't know if the MC was having a bad night or he just thought that picking on four gay guys all show long was the funniest thing on earth.  I should have realized we were being set up when they moved us to the front row.  Seriously I can laugh at myself and take a joke but repeatedly being called fags and cum guzzlers crosses the line.  It became mean spirited.  After the show a lady who sat behind us approached us in the casino and expressed her regrets at the way we were treated.  I think most of the audience felt that way.  One of my friends walked out after 15 minutes.  This form of comedy only appeals to the lowest and cheapest type of entertainment.  Enough about that whimp.       The rest of the show was unbelievable.  They deserve 5 stars.I will never again pay $75 to be the butt of most of the evenings jokes.Feeling abused and ripped offJeff
1	I'm not sure what all the fuss is about. You can see higher quality (and many more) acrobatics and stunts at The Ultimate Variety Show, Vegas the Show, Cirque du Soleil (etc. etc. etc.). If seeing girls semi-topless is what you're after, go to Jubilee! or any of the other shows of that variety and I'm sure the girls will be much more attractive and "talented." You can hear the same comedy at pretty much any comedy club on open mic night. The chairs are uncomfortable, and even at 6' 3", I missed a lot of what was happening at the stage level from the fourth row because I could not see over the heads in front of me. If the rest of the show was any indication of what was happening when I couldn't see, I didn't miss much.I suspect the rave about the show comes from the romance of its "independent" feel. The intimate setting is in a tent, it has a homely-looking emcee and "creator," and the acts are unrelated and developed by the individuals who star in them. As with many things in Las Vegas, this is an illusion. It all occurs on the property and immediately outside of the flagship casino of one of the largest gaming/hotel companies in the world. Hardly independent.I thought a positive review by the Huffington Post would make this show less of a gamble. I now realize that the basis for that review must have come from the show's bashing of Republicans alone.I did enjoy the roller skating team and the chair stacking, but had I paid any amount of money for those two impressive acts, I would have felt cheated.
5	This has to be the best, adult show on the strip.  As they advertise this is what would happen if Rocky Horror bred with Cirque Du Soleil.it is in the round, and you are a spit shot away from the action, no matter where you sit.  It Is ADULT.  The cast is hilarious, chaotic and yet, organized.  The jokes are coming at you fast and furious, but the acts are pure genius and amazingly talented.In a sentence:  Funny kinky sexy funny amazing, upclose, funny and humorous.  Did I mention funny??.
5	I've seen many of the big time shows in Vegas and this is by far my favorite. It may not be the high production spectacle that other shows are, but the intimate venue makes up for all of that. There are plenty of stunts that are awe-inspiring (like the roller skaters) and there's singing that rivals that of other shows. But, it's the raunchy humor that takes this show over the top. The Gazillionare is an engaging host who doesn't shy away from making fun of any and all audience members. If you're easily offended, this isn't the show for you, but if you enjoy an occasional cock or pussy joke there isn't a better show out there.There are 3 tiers of tickets available -- $169, 119, and 89. Tix4tonight had a slight discount for the 2nd and 3rd tier seats at $105 and 75, respectively. If you're a local, you can get discounts at sites like vegas4locals.com where we got $25 off the 3rd tier seats. Of course, that's before taxes and service charges which will add $15-20 per ticket. Still, it's worth the price of admission. And, it may be the only show in Vegas you can say that about.
5	Perfect experience. They've changed from general seating to reserved seating and locals get $25 off per ticket which my parents drove to the box office and bought for us. The tiny stage looks implausible but it is indeed the base for all the death defying acts. The acts are fantastic, every last one of them, in both the performance and the sets/costumes. I sat on the edge of my seat the whole night. And the "filler" (?) banter, crazily obnoxious is a lot more than filler, it's caustically brilliant.  It was up my alley, and I laughed whenever I wasn't gasping for air!I've been to several of the cirque du soleil, and this beats them all. Just be forewarned that it's chock full of adult crude humor, but if you get in the spirit of the true vegas, you should settle in nicely.
5	If you're going to Las Vegas and planning on seeing a Circ Du Soleil show. Stop! Go see Absinthe instead. It's better, sexier, hotter. It's got a little bondage, a lot of skin, all of the things you want to see in a great Las Vegas show plus no kids. You're up close and right in the middle of the action.Great MC's and comedy routines. I've seen all of the Circ shows in LV and this one raises the bar. If you're easily offended by crude humor or have your parents or kids with you, do not go to this show! Other then that be prepared to be entertained. This is one of the best kept secrets on the strip.
5	A fun, bizarre, exciting, wonderful show in an intimate venue. I sat in the front row and my party and I were made part of the show in very inappropriate but hilarious ways. The show is some BDSM, offensive humor, acrobatics, and boho theater all mixed together in a fantastic way.Highly recommended!
4	For those who only like to know the short and sweet.... THE BOTTOMLINE: Good show, very funny, very dirty. Don't go if lots of profanity or sexual innuendos offend you. It's chilly in there so bring a sweater/light jacket! Your ass might hurt from sitting in the small folding chairs that are pushed very closely to each other. What's also good about this show is they ALLOW picture taking. Also there is NO assigned seating so you must go early.I had heard about this show after learning that Angel Porrino had gotten a spot to be in a las vegas production so the bf and I decided to check it out. Tickets were cheap. When we went, if you go to the box office outside where they sell the show tickets, there's a guy dressed up from the show handing out coupons for like $20 off. We paid about $120 with tax already included which ended up being cheaper than tix4tonight or buying them online with a promo code. I'd recommend checking to see if they still hand out coupons first. The show overall it was very good. However the show is held in a tent set up to give a circus feeling. The stage is very small and circular, it is placed in the middle and there are small folding chairs set up around it. Seating is on a FIRST COME BASIS. There is NO assigned seating so you must wait in line early to get prime seating. I would suggest at least an hour before show time. It sucks because you're standing the whole time but you won't regret it. There are tickets for VIP seating which is in the very front and you get the best view but be prepared to be the butt of jokes possibly. The only downside was the chairs can be uncomfortable sitting for 1.5 hours. For those who do not like vulgarity and dirty humor, this is NOT the show for you. It is a pretty dirty show but very funny. The acrobatic shows are very entertaining and in between setting up and stage changes, the Gazillionaire hosts and keeps the audience laughing with his dirty jokes. If you're a fan of Angel Porrino, just know that she doesn't really do much in the show. Her solo act is short and kinda pointless. She does come out a few other times during the show.
5	"OMG!" Absinthe ( @ Caesar's Palace ) ; Part circus, part peep show, part comedy club ( real dirty! ), part burlesque & 100% fun! "Cirque du Soleil meets Rocky Horror"!!!! All this, and my "FAVORITE" alcohol, " ABSINTHE"! "I Love the 'Little Green Fairies'"! ( "I'm not as think as you drunk I am!" )
5	Whether you're a gazillionaire or not, this show is worth every single cent.I loved this show, dark raunchy humor and world class acts.If you've got a dark sense of humor and are not easily offended, check it out.Think family guy humor, unrated and on steroids.
5	My husband and I loved this show. This show has it ALL, a great mix of comedy, raunchy humor, burlesque and superior acrobatics. The music was also great. It is not for the people who would be easily offended or does not like to see skin of either sexes. Yes, some of the jokes I've heard before but one thing about risky humor in regards to race, culture and sex is that you have to make fun of everyone and even yourself so it all fair otherwise it's just racist. We loved the intimate seating even though it was tight getting in and out. But the tradeoff was the performers in practically in your lap. After you see the performers I am sure you won't complaining.
4	Great Show! Very Entertaining! Would have given them 5 stars but those chairs were hard on my ass! Highly recommend ! Beware, Not for Kids!!
5	Yes! If you see one show in Vegas Absinthe has to be it! We went with a group of 9 people and tried to order tickets two weeks in advanced for the VIP row. They didn't have enough in that area so we went for the reserved section which was about $50 less per person. I really wouldn't waste the money on VIP, we were on the sixth row and could see everything. The venue is very small and runs in a circle there is not front and every seat has a clear view of the stage. Most the acts take place up in the air so your looking up for most of the show.This show is really only for a certain type of people. They are very raunchy. I saw a few people getting offended by Penny and her sock puppet act ;) Go in with a open mind and you will have a great time.
4	Hilarious show. It's raunchy, fun, with talented acrobats and shows. The best part is that it is up close and personal. It's well worth it. Enjoy.
4	Just to give you the idea of what this show really is. This is basically Russian acrobatic circus and most performers are from Russia (Eastern Europe for that matter). I really liked that most of the performance, unlike classic Russian Circus,  is right in front of you or above you (most of the time), so this kind of gives you the impression of participation. As some people have mentioned, there is no bad seat in town, since most of the performance is happening several feet above the ground.Some comedy is added to the mix, but note, that some people may find it offensive. I'd guess that this kind of people just don't come to Vegas though :) I'm giving this 4 stars because overall the show lacks any integrity: every part of the show is on its own without any connection to anything else.
5	I have seen Absinthe three times and I am looking forward to my forth. Each time is different from the last; thanks to their inclusion of the unexpected audience. Love it!
5	Sexy, funny and edge of your seat entertaining is the only way I can describe this show. I have seen it on three separate occasions and it never gets old. I laugh hysterically at all the jokes and the dare devil stunts leave me speechless. This is a show not to be missed.
2	So, I don't get it. Everyone said we would love Absinthe. They said it was dirty and funny and I like dirty and funny. But the thing is that is just wasn't.  Wasn't THAT dirty. And wasn't THAT funny. I also saw that there were no bad seats. But there were. We got same day tix and ended up in the 8th row behind a couple who decided to keep their heads on each other's shoulders the whole time.  The seats were level with the row in front of us, so it was not good viewing.  It was hard to see when things on the stage weren't raised up. I recognize that many of the performers were quite talented. I really enjoyed the tightrope walkers. But there wasn't anything to string the show together and many of the jokes just fell flat for me. I've seen this show compared with Zumanity, which we also saw and liked better. Not loved. But liked better. At least it was prettier to look at and we could see better. I think that the (new) prices are part of the issue for me. We paid 75 for our seats through Tix4Tonite and I could not seem to find a better price than that. I paid 60 for Love tix through Summer of Cirque and there is just no way that Absinthe was a better show than Love. I like dirty, but just dropping the f bomb isn't interesting. Louie CK--dirty and funny. Absinthe. Not.
5	So we were originally planning on seeing Zumanity because we wanted to check out a good adult-themed show during our honeymoon that wasn't some corny topless faire straight out of Showgirls or a bunch of puffed-up meatheads who can't dance.  But upon reading reviews, while many were very good, we saw quite a bit of "no, no, no, go see Absinthe, way better!"  And that being said...I think we were both quite satisfied by listening and getting the Absinthe tickets.  It's one of the funniest and most amazing shows I've ever been to.We got normal reserved tickets with a $20/ticket discount and we didn't need to be closer because even there the action happens mere feet in front of you anyway.  We had a perfect view.  The stunts were absolutely outstanding from the chair-stacking guy to the burlesque, both male stunt teams (the four guys and the bodyguard duo), the intentionally bad sexual-themed ballet duo and the rope and trapeze acts.  The tightrope trio was also unreal and they have to quiet the crowd during one section for a reason - it's quite a scary stunt to perform in such a confined area.  But everything went off to perfection.The Gazillionaire and Penny are beyond hilarious.  All of their jokes as anti-PC as it gets, with racist, sexual and Republican jokes going rapid-fire.  If you're easily offended, don't bother coming or whining about it on here, because all you're doing is ruining it for the rest of us who simply don't care and want to see some shocking laughs.  Penny does a sock puppet routine that had people almost falling out of their chairs and the Gazillionaire occasionally interrupting acts to make fun of them was also a fun add-on.  We were both so happy that we chose Absinthe as our only show for our honeymoon.  Well worth the money and we left extremely happy for the rest of the night.  I'm pretty sure we'll see it again on our next trip.
5	Love, love, loved Absinthe!We used vegas.com to get our tickets, they were at a $20 discount...worth it rather than risking finding the man in the top hat when traveling from out of town.The seats, suck, but who cares, we had 4th row on the aisle and got general admission pricing, it was awesome. What a view of the feats of strength and the hysterical Gazillionaire and Penny.Grab a drink at the bar right in the doors of Ceasars...$6 beer versus $8.50 inside the tent. They don't care what you bring in.A MUST SEE in Vegas...as cool as any cirque show, just smaller, closer, more preverted and way cheaper :-)
3	A-OKThe show was funny and had some amazing acrobatics so why only 3 stars?  I agree with the five star reviews in most aspects except the ones I have listed below. The venue left a little to be desired.  I liked that it was small and there really are not bad seats view wise but........ the seats were rock hard and crammed together.  I'm a fairly big guy (~230lbs) and got to know my neighbor pretty well.The show also started off much like the Cirque shows they eventually make fun of and while the humor they used was to my liking it messed with the flow of the show.  Finally this show was overpriced IMO.  I was able to get tickets at  1/2 shows and still payed around $75 a ticket.  If this was a $50 show I would probably rate it at four stars.
5	Through a sweet friend, my boyfriend and I had gotten VIP tickets to Absinthe last year for my birthday.WOW!  There is no better word to describe this show!  The acrobatics and displays of strength, raunchy comedy, sexy burlesque, etc, etc, etc  were simply Ahhhhhh-Mazing!!Everyone (over 21) should make this a part of their visit to Vegas!  If possible, you should get VIP tickets to gain entrance into the "green room."  It is blue, not green ;)  and totally worth it!  A private bar, some hanging hammock-like seats and an aura of being somewhere only reserved for private eyes only is something else.  5 STARS!  I cannot wait to see it again!
4	Very few things I can say that haven't been said already.  But there are a few that resonate with me still.  1) After reading the reviews here I had very high expectations.  Nearly all were met, except I was expecting raunchier.  I've been to my local Improv and heard worse and frankly, 2) being Vegas and again based on the reviews here, I was expecting nudity.  There was virtually none.  Exposed skin, yes, but not a nipple in sight.  I didn't care one way or another, but as I said, based on what I've read here, it was less than I expected, and want to let people reading reviews here to know what to expect.  But I'm a new fan and would definitely go again.
5	After looking into many Cirque Du Soleil shows for our honeymoon in Vegas we found one that seemed most interesting.. Zumanity.   We read tons of reviews... they seemed good but most mentioned Absinthe.  Better reviews, better price, better and more intimate venue, etc.    I was sold... I craved the adult themed jokes and acrobatics that make you feel like you can do anything!   I am so so so glad we chose Absinthe.. It was raunchy and hilarious.. I laughed or "oooh aaaahh-ed" the whole show.   The Gazillionaire and Penny were a perfect combo for intermissions between each act and they really knew how to put on a good show.  I will see it again.. and I've already told everyone I know to see it.  Plus... they offer a really good Absinthe cocktail.. not the Absinthe drink everyone talks about.. with the sugar cube and deliriousness but a cocktail that just tastes so delicious and knocks your socks off.  I was drunk off one drink.  LOVED THIS!
5	Unlike all the other reviews on here, I am not going to give away any of the show! Instead, I will just list the highlights and some low-lights of the night! Highlights:-Been after Minh for a while to go and see this show, but each time we were in town there was always other things to do! -Reserving tickets is easy, and we were able to get tickets a couple of hours before the Sunday 8:00pm showing.-Ticket booth is not located inside of Caesars; instead, it is on the outside across from serendipity 3. -Outside door staff were friendly, inside some of the ushers were nice too.-It is true, try, and not sit in the first two rows unless you would like to be a part of the show!-Two words........... The Gazillionaire!!!!!-Get ready to laugh..... And do not be all-uptight! -The tent is so pretty inside and I love the feel of the old school circus minus the animals!-The bartenders "creation of the day" looked and sounded yummi!-Bring cash for drinks!-The show was the BEST and it kept you wanting more after each act!!!!Now the Low-lights:-Not being told where the box office was located and having to walk through all of Caesars until we saw the signs outside.-The rows of wooden chairs are so close together that it was hard not to trip over your own feet (mind you I am 5-1).-If you have issues sitting shoulder to shoulder with a stranger, then maybe this show is not for you!-The AC is nice and cool until the show starts, then it is switched off and it is super hot inside. Even worse if the show is sold out!-Walking to the bar, I almost slipped on some water that was on the floor, told an usher who seemed not to care at all!-Encountered another usher who was rude and told me that the barline started on the right side of the bar not on the left.-Bar does not sell on tap water; instead, they have bottled which was $5.00 for a small. ummm pass!
5	This show was flat out one of the funniest and most entertaining shows I have ever seen.  I laughed so much my face was sore.  There wasn't a thing that I disliked...except ..the chairs.  Very uncomfortable chairs.Otherwise, I would (and am) telling everyone I know to go see it.  Brilliant
3	I decided to see this show based on the suggestions of fellow Yelpers. I haven't  been to any of the Cirque shows, and didn't really know too much about this particular show. To sum it up in a few words: Beautiful Men, Gorgeous Women, Obnoxious Host, Breathtaking TricksThe venue is located outside of Caesar's in a tent. Surprisingly inside it's really nice! It's small, which makes every seat a good seat. I love to laugh - really! I took away a star because some of the comments made by the host were down right offensive, and I am not one who usually takes offense in these situations. A lot of his "comedy" is directed towards minorities and gays, so you may want to skip this one if you're uncomfortable with that type of humor.The acrobats were really cool at the beginning, but then seemed to be a little repetitive after awhile. I really liked the tightrope act. One of the guys was pretty cute! Overall I'm glad I saw the show, but it's not something I would want to see again or recommend.
4	Amazing show! If you're going to see anything in Vegas, make it this show. It was funny, creative, unique, a little Vaudeville, a little kitschy, a little dirty, but overall so entertaining and the acrobatics will have you sitting stunned with your mouth hanging open. The only reason I gave the show 4 stars is because the seating was so uncomfortable it was distracting. Other than that, a great experience. Must see!
4	The show was awesome.  Gazillionare and his assistant were hilarious,  the women were gorgeous, high wire act, outstanding.  chick with the big tits in the balloon- hotter than hell, chairs-sucked...my ass is still hurting and that was over a week ago.  that is only reason why I gave it a 4
5	I saw Absinthe last August. I must admit that I was never really excited about the prospect of seeing thse acrobatics shows. Not to say that these guys are not amazing athletes because the stunts they perform are incredible. The night became so much more enjoyable because of the back and forth between the gazillionare and penny. The raunchy dialogue was hilarious and it doubled the show as stand-up comedy. I am not easily offended at all, in fact i wish I would have sat in the front. The tent is smaller than it appears from the outside and there really are no bad seats inside. At some point you realize just how close the performers are. You are mere feet away from death-defying stunts. It managed to change my mind on the matter of these types of shows. I would definitely attend again. The price was very decent in comparison with the most popular shows on the strip. Give a shot.
5	This was such an incredibly fun and cute show. There were some amazing feats performed and the humor was right up my husband's alley. It is pretty perverted and foulmouthed so be warned but as long as you don't offend easily it is a raunchy good time to be had and definitely worth seeing if you are in Vegas.
5	I was laughing the whole time, besides when I was gasping in aww over the acrobatics. Loved that the show has no filter and let everything out there. Loved the acrobatics Absolutely loved Penny Pibbs and her sock puppetsIf you want to see a show that is raunchy, crude, rude, and socially unacceptable then this is it!!!!! It is flat out funny and one of the best shows on the strip.However, if you do not like to hear about sex or talk about sex then don't watch it. This is not a show for prudes. Venue:Small white tent. Every seat is a good seat.
5	Absinthe.  I loved it.  I knew I would.  I can't add anything that could further influence you one way or the other about this show.  You're either in or you're out.  It's not for the easily offended politically correct.  It's not for the Bible-thumping conservatives.  It's not for families.  Oh, but if you fall into any of those three categories, please go and sit up close.  The one thing Absinthe does not have are exploding heads!
3	When you've watched all the Cirque du Soleil shows, seen Blue Man Group 10 times and all the other Vegas shows at least once and want to see something else, what do you do? This small show isn't your typical Vegas extravaganza. The venue is a tent between Serendipity and Caesar's Palace. You can sit anywhere and you'd still be close to the stage. If you're not easily offended, this is the show for you. It's like a cross between a show on the strip with it's set design and acrobatics + a strip club with the skin and raunchiness. So, don't take your kids and your Christian grandmother here.
5	This is one of the best live (adult oriented) shows I've ever seen, I highly recommend it to everyone.  Vulgarity is appropriate and pervasive, with smart quality comedy and quick whit you are transported on the bizarre journey only they can bring you on. Well worth the price of admission, mine was free after a 2 hour time share discussion.
5	Have you ever been watching a Cirque show and thought, "man this is great...but I think it needs more race jokes and people saying 'cunt'"?Well, so have I.Enter Absinthe, the raunchy answer to the dominating esthetic of Las Vegas acrobatics shows. The venue is small so every seat is a great one. The acrobatics and stunts are truly top notch and your proximity to the performers makes it all the more intense(front row observers do run a serious risk of being kicked in the face). Your hosts, the dashing bazillionaire and adorable Penny Pibbs, clearly have a great time offending the audience and keeping you entertained in between acts.The one thing that does suck is that the wooden chairs are pretty uncomfortable.If you bring your kids here, you oughta be arrested.This is my favorite Vegas show.
5	My favorite show on the Vegas Strip.  It is in a small circus tent outside of Cesars which is great because tickets are only $60 and you it is so small you can see from any seat because you are so close up.It is by far the funniest show ever!  Very very VULGAR AND HILARIOUS!  Not for the uptight, definitely for those who have a sense of humor.  I have seen it 4 times and I die laughing out loud over and over every time.  They attack pretty much every stereotype so it is not for the sensitive...remember it is all in good humor!The stunts are awesome!  They go really hardcore for such a small stage.  Especially the guy and girl on the roller skates stunt..that is INTENSE!GO SEE THIS SHOW IT IS SO WORTH IT!
4	My husband and I went to this show based on the yelp reviews, and we were not disappointed. The acts were amazing, and the host was extremely funny. Just a word of warning: the show is very raunchy. Very sexual and obscene, so if this is not your type of comedy, this is not your type of show.
4	I've seen Absinthe twice.  The first time was FREE and with Yelp! (Thanks Misti!)  The second time was on Friday night at 10:00pm.Tickets were definitely higher than I expected them to be ($129/pp)  Sure they were VIP = 3rd row and a small bottle of champagne per person.  But for this show, I would rather sit a little farther back.It's funny.  It's sexual.  It's crude.  If you are over 38 years old, you probably wouldn't like the humor.  I think it's for a younger crowd.  If you're looking for something fun and off base, this is your show!  I definitely laughed the entire time and probably at one point said "eww!"Definitely a good time!For those of you that have seen it once: once is enough as most of the jokes (if not all of them) are the same as the first time around.
5	Is there a show raunchier than Zumanity? Yes, Absinthe.With amazing Cirque stunts and not a Cirque show? Yes, Absinthe.Where the comedic act was 10 times funnier than Family Guy? Yes, AbsintheWhere you are judge purely on your looks? Yes, AbsintheWhere every word out of the guy's mouth is COMPLETELY and UTTERLY wrong? Yes, AbsintheShould you watch this show? F@*&ing Yes.I have never seen a F@*&ing show this F@*&ing hilarious.  Yet, it was F@*&ing right but so F@*&ing wrong.Why am I saying F@*&ing so much?  Watch the F@*&ing show.  It's worth every F@*&ing penny.  Yes, it's that F@*&ing wrong.
5	This show had me calling/texting/tweeting everyone to come see this as I was leaving the tent... amazing amazing amazing.  It was a great mix of humor, "wow"-factor, and the must have vegas sexuality that you can't really get anywhere else without going somewhere creepy.But I have to echo everyone else's review - if you can't take vulgar... I mean sometimes offensively vulgar humor and don't want to be picked on by the cast- DON'T GO. I mean at least don't sit in the front row and be unhappy and uptight!Small space so you get a pretty good view. Superb performances and hot hot women!
1	The show was cancelled without notice.  Retuned purchase amount by Vegas.Com but wow, really?  Very disappointing
5	great show -- hilarious and sexy.not for super conservative crowds!!
4	Great show.  I had originally wanted to see Criss Angel but after seeing the numerous bad reviews we decided to try Absinthe instead.  Glad we did.  Cool acrobatic acts, funny but VERY dirty comedy, BEAUTIFUL girls.  If you're easily offended I would not recommend this show.  But if you like up close circus-type stunts and you don't mind 4-letter words flowing like water then you'll like this show."Lesbian finale!!!"  See the show and you'll know what that means.  :)
5	THE BEST SHOW ON THE STRIP!!!!!!! I loved it! Laughed my a** off! I recommend this show to everyone! Warning: Very raunchy but hilarious!!! You wont regret it! Sooo worth it!
5	Awesomely entertaining!  If you are not easily offended and want to go but are scared of the negative reviews, just do it -you will be so glad you did!  Raunchy and stereotypical jokes coupled with amazing acrobatics made for great entertainment.  I would see this show again without a question.  Go by the tent in the day and there is usually a guy handing out $20 off coupons, tent is super small so even with general seating you will be very close.  Sit in the front row if you want to be picked on, but it is not mean spirited and is in good fun!
5	Walking thru the green telephone booth transports you to a Moulin Rouge style theater in the round.    A beautiful greeter handed us both a mini bottle of Chandon champagne that was chilled and lovely. Our seats were perfectly positioned  half way back in the middle and at a cute antique table and chair set no less!  I don't want to spoil the show for anyone with plot etc. but it was so fun and entertaining.  Again as you have heard from any review of Absinth, if you have sensitive ears towards foul language or sexually explicit material run don't walk from this show!   I loved the entire experience and would go back again and again and again!  Oh and Serendipity is right in front of the venue so grab a delicious dessert after the show!
5	Pretty sure this has to be the best show in vegas. I've got a friend who lives there and has seen all the cirques and probably a bunch of non cirques, and I've seen his two favorite. Those weren't even close to being in the same league as absinthe, as far as entertainment factor goes. This shit was as funny as any stand up I've seen, and the "stunts" were all fairly amazing, or at least incredible to look at (I'm thinking of you, bubble girl). The couple that host it were so fucking hilarious... loved the chick's way of getting all spazzy and out of control. When she got pissed at a chick in the audience, probably because she was into in her man (can't remember the details), and yelled (while  being dragged away) "I'll shit in your mouth, bitch!", I knew no show could ever match this.
4	Just when I think I've seen everything that Vegas shows have to offer, I'm once again mystified by the wonder that is Absinthe! This spectacular burlesque circus act is one that will keep you mesmerized and thoroughly amused throughout. The initial act thrusts the crowd right in the center of the action with a series of stacked chair acrobatics that almost make you think they're going to literally topple into your lap. But alas, each performer is a pro at being extraordinarily balanced, sexy, and intoxicating. The MC was hilarious along with his side kick, Penny, who had me laughing uproariously with her off-color jokes and far fetched tales. Please be warned that the content is explicit and not politically correct in the least. But hailing from the East Coast where sarcasm and absurd humor is king, I was loving it!!In a nutshell Absinthe has everything, death defying acts, great improvisational jokes, performers who ooze sex appeal, and an outrageous audience interaction that will have you cracking up. You CAN'T miss this!! So take a big swig and allow yourself to be spellbound by the raw wonder that is Absinthe!
1	I was excited to see this show after reading all the positive reviews - I was looking forward to a night of raunchy fun. This show was not funny, not raunchy and the jokes were very lame. The hosts are annoying and the girl's voice (Penny?) is like fingernails on a chalkboard! Ugh, find someone else to tell the stupid jokes and do the stupid puppet show.I was not offended by the use of the "f" word - I use it quite frequently myself so that is not the reason I didn't like the show. Some of the acts are impressive - the guy on the chairs was cool, roller skating duo was lame, bubble girl was lame and the body guards were very good. Tightrope guys were good too.I just don't understand all the 5 star reviews. I was bored and tempted to walk out several times. My significant other slept thru most of the show if that is any indication of how "exciting" this show was!
3	So, my boyfriend wanted to go to this for his birthday, so we went.  Let me say first that he LOVED it- has been talking about how great it is for months now (we went in June), and has called it his favorite show of all time, stated that he could go to this show every day and continue enjoying it, and wants to go again.  And I admit that I liked it, too, for a large part of it.     The setting is a circus tent.  The paraphernalia around the walls is fun to check out.  The feel is a bit dark but overall enjoyable.  Be prepared for the elements- I was freezing! (in June in Las Vegas)  And if you can, bring a pillow- the seats were very uncomfortable after a while.     The acrobatics were incredible- I loved the aerobatics, the roller skaters, and many of the other acts.  Even though she has a propensity for pushing things WAY over the edge (to where what she was saying was not only uncomfortable, but then eventually a bit boring- same thing, same story, shocking at first, but then it keeps going and going and going and doesn't change), I found myself actually liking the announcer's "assistant."  The MC was good, but be prepared- if you're in the front few rows of the audience you just might find yourself part of the act (in which case, don't let yourself be bullied by the MC or any of the other performers or peer-pressured into anything you don't want to do).  I was alright with a lot of the risque bits- a lot of it reminds me of the raunchy aspect of a Renaissance Faire, but do not misunderstand me- there are parts that I felt went too far and made me very uncomfortable.  I don't consider myself a prude, but I do admit that I have my limits, and this show frequently pushed right to them and then a few times over them- sometimes WAY over them.       We had been told that this was a family friendly show- IT IS NOT.  If you are into modesty and are uncomfortable with anything from sexual innuendo to outright nudity, DO NOT GO TO THIS SHOW.  If you don't like listening to people cursing and using dirty language, AVOID THIS SHOW.  BUT, if you enjoy burlesque shows and enjoy Renaissance Faire humor, then you might REALLY ENJOY this show.
5	Loved this show!  The vulgar host was the glue that kept it together, after all it is alot of random acts.  I like when he made the post-menopausal squatty republican lady make out with the 30 year old fat drunk chick. I like penny too, I want to marry her.  It would make sense(cents).
5	"Ab"solutely "Sinthe"ful Fun!  My jaw is still aching from laughing so much! The 90-minute show went by in a blink of an eye and left us wanting more, more, more! Absinthe mashes up bawdy comedy, titillating burlesque, and stunning acrobatics to create one truly memorable show! Sit in the front row and you might become comedic fodder for the rest of the lively audience! That's exactly what happened to me . . . and while I'm a little on the shy side, I took it in stride as I was pegged as the "Republican Lady" brought up on stage to judge a male lap dance competition between Mr. Middle White America and Mr. Cool Hip Black Dude. I won't tell you any more . . . but it was a riot!!!  A definite must-do in Vegas!!!
5	Just when I thought I've pretty much watched every show in Vegas, it comes Absinthe. They're a new show in town so when I first heard their "If you see one show in your entire life, make it Absinthe!" line I really didn't believe it. But now I do. However you really should watch some other shows including a Cirque Du Soleil one before you go to see Absinthe so you'll know what they're making fun of. Can you find a better pair of hosts in town other than Gaz and Penny? I guess not. That said, bring your depressed family/friends, they might just be cured after the show.And I was chatting up with a friend I hadn't seen for a whole so I missed the first 15 minutes but I don't regret it. Why because it's definitely worth watching this show again!
5	The best show in Vegas. This show is funny, gritty, and amazing. Taking place on a roughly 5 foot round stage, the front row is only a arm's length away from the performers. This show blows away the Cirque stuff and feels a lot more genuine in the process. There is an option to pay a little extra and get early entry and a free drink voucher, I felt as though the extra cost was worth it to get a front row seat. Highly recommended!
2	Meh, Not a bad show, worth the money if you get the twenty dollar off coupons. The acrobatics were amazing, the women and men are very nice to look at.The stage is nice because it is small and in the center and the last seat can't be more then 30 feet away. The reason I am giving it two stars is because it is comical, but a lot of racial slurs and gay jokes. Also a lot of sex jokes which I don't mind, but some were just tedious. There is  review on 9/22 that gave it one star that tells more. Biggest thing that bothered me was here is all this inappropriateness on stage and people half naked doing back flips and we were cheering and were sitting in the back row and were told to keep it down by one of the employees because it distracts the performers. There were other ways of saying it and everyone else was making noises, so I am not sure why it was a big deal . My sister and I were dressed up very nice from a dinner and i just felt like it was a very low-class way of dealing with a situation like that. Also we weren't sitting in the back hooting and hollering, it was one loud scream we let out.
5	Abstract: Best fucking show in Las Vegas, period. I have seen Absinthe only on two occasions: once when they were in their original run (it was actually their last week of shows when they could not do any "aerial" acts because the rain had sunken the roof of their tent) and once since they moved on to the permanent structure. Spiegelworld, or the area surrounding the venue now, really sucks in comparison to their original set-up. Before you could hang out outside before the show and it felt like you were at a carnival (minus the annoying carnies); now it is like you are outside any concrete slab in any sports venue in the nation. Other than that, and the loss of the speed skating acrobats (that moved to Vegas The Show @ V Theatre in Planet Hollywood), the show is not much different. There seems to more seating, and I guess the Gazillionaire says the dreaded F-word a lot less (fag, not fuck)(I read somewhere that they were not going to be saying it at all anymore, but I cannot recall if they did or did not because I was laughing so vivaciously to the stand-up). In regards to language: some people cannot bring down their morality shield and hear a couples of fs, cs, and some more fs. Nothing wrong with that; it is your life. Don't go to this show. Go to church instead. Go to Veggie Tales the next time they are ripping people off at Canyon Ridge. Go to a Justin Bieber gig. You've been warned. - EPostscript. The Gazillionaire and Penny's stand-up should be shown as a litmus for anyone flying or driving in to our lovely city. If the individual does not laugh and find them funny, they should be informed they cannot be permitted into Las Vegas. Instead they should be re-routed or given new driving directions to SLC, UT.
5	Awesome show. Go through Tix for Tonight to get $20 off if you can't find a coupon. Hilarious & Very raunchy. Don't go if you are offended by sex & racist jokes.And to those of you that rate is less than 4 stars - you must be a Republican. ;)
4	#30DaysOfYelp: 20/30First of all, cool carnival/burlesque theme....I loved the green fairy appearing after the first guy drinks some absinthe! I want that costume...The acrobatics were amazing...there is this stacking chair act that I've seen before at other shows, but this one was more harrowing since we're in a small tent and not that far away from the performer. I seriously thought he was going to fall. A personal favorite is the balloon girl...she's all oiled up, and pink and blonde, super hot!  All the performances are very entertaining, a good mix of raunchy sexiness & comedy thrown in. Penny is hilarious, if a bit annoying...but she's so crazy & weird, I love it. The only thing that made me uncomfortable was some of the homophobic, racist jabs from The Gazillionaire at random audience members. I mean, really? Gay people like it up the ass? Ha ha ha! Asian people are all Japanese? Ah-soooo camera take photo? At least he made fun of everyone & if that makes it "even"...white people & J.Crew, crackheads, Republicans, blacks, etc. I can take a joke, just...not all of it was funny. It was more mean spirited than being fun.I'd see it again, but I wouldn't sit in the front or volunteer for anything if you don't want to be made fun of!
5	One of the BEST shows in Vegas.  At parts I was laughing so hard my stomach hurt.  The things that happened with audience participation are so crazy, I still can't believe that they were able to convince the audience to do some of those things.The actual circus acts are amazing, but the highlight is the comic relief.  So so funny, highly recommended.
5	Laughed so hard my side hurt the next day! SPECTACULAR!
5	Went to see Absinthe on a whim, but I gotta tell you - I haven't laughed that hard in a LONG time!The acts are like "Cirque", but without the sometimes-nebulous "themes" of Cirque shows.  The theater and stage are so small that the audience is right on top of the action, which makes it all the better.  The "Gazillionaire" MC is hilarious - raunchy and politically incorrect in the extreme - but hilarious!Three -word summary:  Go see Absinthe!
5	A must-see in Las Vegas!  I laughed so hard throughout the show and had a great time. The acts were awesome and the comic relief was very funny and spontaneous, especially with the audience participation.  Be forewarned - they do pick on people in the front rows, but it's all in good fun and more entertaining for the rest of us sitting further back.  I think all the seats were pretty good since all the seats were configured around the stage and in close proximity to the stage.  We got our discounted tickets through a Travelzoo offer and saved about $35 off the original prices.This show is definitely not for the prim and proper as they make tons of non-pc jokes.  So, if you are offended by swearing, sexual, or racial jokes, this show is not for you.
5	In a word, brilliant.Incredibly funny and raunchy.  Politically incorrect, but no one is left unscathed.  Definitely not a show for kids or someone without a sense of humor.  If you can handle a show with adult language as well as sexual and stereotypically driven humor, then you will be fine.  It's one of the best shows I have seen in years.  My sides ached from laughing so hard.Echoing the other posts, do NOT sit in the front row if you are not willing to be the target of the ringleader's humor (both verbally and physically).  (When you come in, the ushers will offer this up.  "Oh, we have some seats in the front row if you'd prefer...")  Also the acts are literally feet away from you and the rollerskating one comes REALLY close to people in the front row if you are skittish. But seriously, very very very funny.  Highly recommended.
5	I laughed so hard I had a coughing fit. And then another.And then one more.If you like inappropriate/pervy/dirty humor then Absinthe is the show for you.
3	After all the exceptional Yelp hype I was all excited and revved up to see this show. Hmmmmmm....yeah, it was funny and entertaining. But was it THAT funny and entertaining? No. When you're warned, by an announcement overhead, that the show is going to be raunchy, you know you're in for an over the top performance. And by over the top, I mean a sort of "trying too hard to be raunchy/vulgar and actually 7th grade humor." That Penny chick needs to go. Soooo not funny. Why was she so oversexual? I didn't get it. That being said, I did enjoy the "Gazillionaire's routine of pulling innocent bystanders from the audience. Audience members are always good for a laugh. The actual acts in between the poor banter by Penny were really cool. I really loved the skating duo and the burlesque performance in the balloon. Other good acrobatics as well. And a funny parody of Cirque du Soleil. But sheesh, the seats...so uncomfortable. And my husband is over six feet tall and he couldn't see over the person in front of him. Would be better if they staggered the seats. Didn't love the drunk idiots behind us talking about threesomes during the show. But, hey, I guess we were at a "raunchy" show in a tent in Vegas - can't really expect anything different. I'd say go if you've tapped out other resources in Vegas, but don't make Absinthe a priority. Not as great as they say....unless you haven't hit puberty yet.
5	HILARIOUS! Obviously, don't go if you are easily offended. Be preapred to laugh and be astonished throughout the show. Get there early to enjoy a few drinks. Bring a jacket! It's pretty cold outside while you wait. Once you get into the tent, it's pretty warm with everyone in there. Oh ya, Absinthe is located in a tent right outside of Caesar's next to Serendipity. Probably one of the best Vegas shows we have been to, to date. This show is a must.... but once again, only if you are not easily offended!!
5	This show is SOLID!! Great for tourists & locals because you can take pictures, no flash photography AND video! The venue is small about 7 rows about about 6 chairs wide in 4 sections. You are literally a few feet from the stage. The atmosphere is very circus like. Careful if you get offended easily because there is some crude language & sexual talk. The stunts are awesome & it's a super fun show w/ comedy. If you're wanting a drink get the drinks from outside the venue as the prices are higher inside of it. I highly recommend this show as one of the top three shows you should see if you're visiting or live in Vegas
5	Best show on the strip? For this nugget it is! Ok, so I haven't seen ALL the shows on the strip but I've seen quite a few and no other show had me laughing so hard or had me so entertained. Come with a good attitude and keep the douchebaggery someplace else. This show is raunchy, racy and pretty darn offensive. If you want to really laugh out loud and can stand to hear a few f-bombs being dropped and the occasional, ok, not occasional but constant gay, penis and vagina jokes then this show may be for you. Just a tip, no pun intended...you can usually get a coupon outside of Cesar's (strip side) in the afternoon...the seating is tight so be prepared...and if you splurge on the front row seats be ready to possibly be ridiculed.
5	Absinthe is my #1 recommended show in Vegas, a close second to Frankie Moreno! This show is FOR ADULTS ONLY!It's hilariously raunchy with a sexy twist. This is a true variety show with a circus theme. This show is not for anyone who is easily offended! It's all in good fun but you need to roll with the punches and be open to A LOT of profanity!The audience participation is epic. I've seen this show 4 times and they switch up the skits and it's definitely not staged!*Vegas Locals: Absinthe comes up on http://www.houseseats.com every now and then and I've gotten free tickets twice!
3	Definitely not for kids! The venue is kinda tight, too bad if you are not tall enough because you will end up with a stiff neck. The venue looks like a temporary venue, it's like a blown up tent. An old couple passing by handed us the tickets because they got it for free and they are flying out of vegas tonight. Free tickets, so why not? The stunts are okay and the green jokes are somewhat amusing. Reminds me of comedy bars in Asia wherein you hear a lot of cussing and dirty words. I guess that's their idea of fun, oh well, it worked. They mixed stunts, with stand up comedy, some music and a lot of extra stuff, which i found amusing. This is one of those shows that you want to watch when you got few booze already. It was fun and entertaining! I like it, but not something that i would pay for!
5	What I liked about this show the most is it's very intimate.  The stage is actually very small, and you are literally sitting 10 feet from the performers.  This really adds to the excitement of the show.One of the best shows I've seen.  You probably have about 8-10 circus acts and they're all out-of-this-world awesome!!  I mean it when I say it too; all the skits were 10/10 enjoyable.  There's plenty of humor in the "between skits" and lots of "eye-candy" (if you catch my drift :P)Tips:-All the seats in the house are good, so you can get away w/ getting the cheapest tickets and you'll still have decent seats.
5	TOTAL FAN!!! This show is a unique blend of mixing acrobatics, sexy serenades, and outlandish acts that will blow you away! The hosts are amazing; they open the show with making fun of people in the first row (my fav) and then a ton of racial slurs. The jokes are witty and very creative! Its a small round theatre so you're very up close and personal with the acts. These performers really risk their lives in this show, it's unreal. My favorite act was the couple who did twists and flips on skates! Her head gets so close to the slamming on the ground, but they never once slipped or hesitated. Very impressive!   I highly recommend the show, but have an open mind to highly offensive racial jokes and raunchy one liners. Cheers!
3	Parts of it were AMAZING,  but honestly I didn't understand the need for the super vulgar graphic jokes.  The Penny character was way over the top with graphic "cock sucking" descriptions. XXX rated!   I took my Mom to this show instead of Zumanity because I thought Zumanity would be too sexual to see with Mom,  but this was down right embarrassing.  Its nice that everything is close and some of the acrobatic acts were great! The death defying skaters were probably the best.  The tight rope act was nothing new, but cool that it was so close.  If you kept the great acts and some normal humor and audience interaction this show would be much better.  The vulgarity just didn't seem to go and cheapened the experience.  I'm not a prude, but just didn't get the connection. The small venue is nice, but the seats are gawd awful small and very uncomfortable.  Once everyone was seated, people had to spread out to empty seats.  If you weigh over 100 lbs, you can't fit in the seats.  i'm serious,  wooden fold ups made for kids. They are tied together like sardines.  Without some changes,  I would never recommend this show to anyone I like.  Which is too bad because it has potential to be great if you add a little class to it.
4	Dos - Go. Go. Go.Donts - Don't take anybody who doesn't like jokes.              Moms and Dads are really no-no. I guess in all of Vegas.              Don't volunteer in the show if you are asked and you don't like to be laughed   at :D
1	Overhyped, overrated, totally misbilled.   I was told it was "like a cirque show" with comedy.  Wrong in so many ways.What it is (at least the first 20 minutes of it):- Round circus tent with folding chairs, low ceiling (clue number one that this was not up there with a Cirque show).- A few decent acrobatic acts comparable to what you might see from a traveling Chinese show- 2 different strip tease routines, which can't be called nudity only because there were pasties applied.  Seriously, we're not kidding anyone here.  Nudity was completely out of context, uncalled for, gratuitous.- Lowbrow comedy aiming for the lowest common denominator, with language that would make Tony Soprano and his crew blush.  It's not just a few f bombs, it's literally every other word.  Endless description of sexual acts, in vivid, graphic detail that would make your mother turn red and pass out.  If you enjoy being singled out and stereotyped (the gay guys in the front, we make the black people sit in the back, etc.)I can't tell you more because we walked out.
5	This show is amazing!! It's loaded with laughter, talent and excitement. It's pretty heavy on its sexual vocabulary so be mindful of who you go with. Best show in Vegas for sure!! I've seen almost all of the shows in vegas, none of which I'd see again, except this one!!! I could go again and again! The 2 host are hilarious and unforgettable, you'll be laughing for days!!! Enjoy!!
5	read all the yelp reviews and went to see this show. amazing!!! wonderful!!  a  must see!!
5	Easily the most unique show in Las Vegas.  If cursing, racial stereotypes, or vulgar descriptions of sexual situations makes you queazy, then I would stay clear of this show.  However, if that type of comedy and entertainment if right up your alley, you won't find a better show.  When I sat back and thought about it, there probably isn't another show in town that can compare.  My group and I all LOVED it and laughed throughout.  It is almost unnecessarily vulgar and gratuitous at times but that was part of what made it so funny.  You almost can't believe what they are saying/doing and can see other people looking visibly uncomfortable.Absinthe is located in a tent in front of Caesar's Palace.  It is not a huge venue so I don't think there is a bad seat in the house.  Everyone is right on top of the action which adds to the excitement.  Being a few feet away from a man spinning around on roller skates holding a woman from his neck is exhilarating and scary at the same time.  Absinthe is also unique because of the crowd interaction.  The host or "Gazzilionaire" as I think he was called plays a lot off of the crowd...so depending on who is in attendance, the show could very from performance to performance.One tip...if you aren't someone who has poor vision or absolutely HAS to sit up front, I wouldn't worry about going for a cheaper ticket option and sitting further away.  We had the most expensive ticket which included a (very small) bottle of champagne and ended up in about the 3rd row I think.
3	While I certainly do not mind (and in fact welcome) the vulgarity of the show, I had a tough time laughing, especially knowing about it beforehand. It does seem forced, and at a not very cheap price, the show itself was only average to me.And I was pretty drunk, and I usually love things even more when I am drunk.The best thing about this show itself is that it's in an intimate venue. You're close to the action no matter where your seat is. The acrobatics are impressive, though still nothing you haven't seen before, except perhaps for the pretty cool opening chair stunts.I do feel like watching a Cirque show is going to be far more "blow you away" in terms of acrobatics. I can see, however, why some people love this show with its off-the-strip attitude and small venue. I guess it's like a cross between a Cirque show, a traditional Circus, and a semi-nude variety show.Luckily, I got to see it for free due to unlucky circumstances for my friend. Would I recommend at full price? It really depends on the taste of the viewer, for a show like this.
5	Freaking hilarious.Don't take your mom, or your kid (even over 18), or anyone conservative.The comedy was so over-the-top gratuitous, but I thought it was extremely funny and shocking. The lady next to me looked uncomfortable and unimpressed, so everyone has their own opinion. Some reviewers have faulted the Penny character, but she was a crack-up and not someone I will soon forget. The boyfriend and I have been quoting her randomly for days.I didn't love the singing fairy, or the strip-teases, but the comedy and acrobatics made up for all of that. I'm a huge fan of Cirque. I've seen almost every show since their very first (in the late 80's/early 90's?), but I have to admit that although their acrobatics are stunning, I've fallen asleep on a couple occasions (mostly due to food coma, etc., but still). There was no chance of me falling asleep in this production, and it was a good time all around.
5	Oh my God! This show was fucking hysterical!  Undoubtedly the best show in Vegas.i walked in not knowing anything about the show and hence having no preconceived notions.  It turned out to be part Cirque De Solai and part stand up comedy. The performers and acrobats were  unbelievable... bordering on inhuman.  But honestly, it was the little short red headed girl that stole the show.  The emcee was also quite funny... kind of a Borat rip off but still funny as hell.the whole show had strong sexual overtones ... well, fuck.. honestly?  It was outright obscene, but seeing such politically incorrect humor in our present society was refreshing.There are no bad seats at this show.  Go see it!!
4	Would highly recommend for open minded ADULTS.Cons: The Penny rant and strip teases were not so necessary in in my opinion. Pros: So many-great theatre set-up, too funny for words, great music, great acrobatics and truly and unique and mine blowing time. Very funny stuff-would love to see it again!
5	SO. HILARIOUS. I was crying with laughter.Definitely not for prudes, or those who are offended easily.Despite being much cheaper than a Cirque show (it's just under $100, and cheaper if you book in advance), it combines all the shows you could see in Vegas under one Spiegeltent: stand-up, acrobatics (with various acts, featuring strength, tumbling, and partner work), variety performance (roller skaters, tightrope), and burlesque. Since I was only in town for a few days, this was perfect since I only really had time to catch one show.100% satisfaction. Would definitely recommend.
5	Absolutely the show to see! I have seen it twice. I love it because it's funny. Penny makes me laugh with her puppet show. I love the roller skating act and the high wire act. The girl in the bubble is adorable. The talent acts are impressive- I am speechless every time. This is a mix of a Cirque style, Burlesque, and Comedy show all in one. I was never bored for a minute. I like the small circus style feel of this theater. My only complaint is that the seats aren't comfortable. I would probably see this show a third time in Vegas. It has been one of my favorite shows in Vegas. It's a unique show and yes- it's pretty vulgar so it's not for everyone. We had a girls weekend and all 4 of us loved it! Two of us in the group have seen the show twice and we both raved about it.
5	Hilarious show... not your father's Oldsmobile. Great acts and audience participation. Loved the arial act with the Chinese and redhead so strong, smooth and artistic!
5	I had read several Yelp! reviews about this show before purchasing tickets...so was fully aware what I was getting myself into...but let me tell you, that it exceeded my expectations and was the most HYSTERICAL show I have ever seen.  I think what is so fabulous about this show is that it combines SO MANY "Vegas" aspects into one....cirque-type acts, comedy, Burlesque...My husband and our friends have not laughed this hard in a VERY, VERY, VERY long time....If you do not have a great sense of humor, or are easily offended, or don't like cursing, inappropriate humor, etc. this show is not for you. It was a great evening and we will definitely see it again on our next trip!
1	Don't waste your money.  Flyers with 20% off tickets are not honored at the Box Office on anything but the cheapest seats way in the back.The inside of the tent (not a theater) smells of stale drinks and urine.Obnoxious ushers and management.If you've come to Vegas to experience Vegas, skip this one.  If you are looking for high school / NY East Village productions, go ahead and waste your money and time.
5	AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!!!Cirque meets Rocky Horror Picture show...the acts are amazing and the skits are hilarious...Not for the easily offended but you will NOT be sorry you went to this show.
4	I think I pee'd in my pants a little...This show is a combination of acrobatics, slap stick non-PC humor, live burlesque singing, stunt show and audience participation.  There were teeth biting moments for a few acts.  And the stand-up comedy was too funny, which brought a few tears out of my eyes from laughter.  My favorite was the ballet parody to Cirque du Soleil, I swear, I was rolling on my seat from laughing so hard on this one.I don't want to give the whole show away but this is a good one to watch.  I read on YELP that there was a coupon guy giving out $20 discounts but we were not able to catch him.  So, I begged and begged and pulled out all the charm on the box office people to get a $20 discount!  And with all that, we still ended up paying full price.  Oh hoo, at least I tried...Tips:1) Bring a pillow - my butt hurt from the hard fold-up chairs 2) The theater is small, so, there's not really a bad seat.  They are never sold out, so, buy the cheapest seat and then just move around to something that is more view-able later.  I did and no one yelled at me.3) Be ready to LOL!4) 1.5 hours goes by FAST!
5	When in vegas, watch this show!
5	HOLY COW!  I'm not sure that I have ever laughed this hard, our Absinthe show experience was the highlight of our Vegas trip.As so many others have mentioned, this show is about as vulgar as vulgar gets -- within the first 5 minutes of the show pretty much the entire first 2 rows had been the butt of the most non-PC jokes (and physical demonstrations of certain punchlines to those jokes) imaginable.  And they were glorious.  But not for the even remotely offended by anything, seriously.The acts themselves were breathtaking - a couple in particular that left a far greater impression than any Cirque show I've ever seen.  Given how close the audience is to the stage, it's quite clear (particularly with the rocking roller routine, hot damn) that a single slip would most likely take out a few sets of teeth in the first few rows.  Nail biting.  The venue is cozy and quirky - but do get ready to sit on hard wooden folding chairs bumping elbows with your neighbor.  But you probably won't notice as the time just flies and you'll be laughing too hard to care.Go to this.  Seriously.  Your face will hurt from laughing non-stop.
5	Do you want to laugh your butt off? Do you find talented humans entertaining? Do you like unique? If you answered yes to any/all of these questions; then you MUST see Absinthe. I look forward to taking as many friends and family with lewd senses of humor to watch this so they can cry as they laugh just like we did.
4	Great show!  Penny was over the top but I thought it was good fun.  If your easily offended then this isn't the show for you and definitely not kid friendly.  Jon K sums it up best - Rocky Horror Picture smashes into cirque= the black sheep of the family.  Good fun, laughed my A$$ off, I would recommend this show, go the 1/2 off shops on the strip and get the tickets.  relax and enjoy!
5	The show was A M A Z I N G. Better than all the Cirque shows combined. This is a show that does not need special effects. It is all human feat/vulgarity. Something you could have seen a 100 years ago. The vulgarity works as the show does not spare any race/class/orientation/diet/age/size. If there was a downside it would be that some were laughing so hard it was hurting my eardrums.And the worst seats are still great. In saying that, get as close to the front as you can.
5	FIRST OFF, I am NOT into Circus Ole type shows but my wife is always wanting to go. The Last min Ticket people talked us into it and we were staying across the street. I must say....GREAT SHOW! Very funny, sexy and very entertaining! DOWNFALL: The seats are to close to each other and not comfortable at all.  Most people not even fat people cant fully sit on one seat without overflowing to another seat. We lucked out and was moved to the back which worked out way better. We sat in a bathtub which ended up being awesome. We didn't miss a thing and didn't mind it at all. RECOMMEND: Paying for VIP where the seats move or Sit in Back area!
4	Funny as hell.  Worth it.
3	Show is good but overpriced. Way overpriced considering it was on a spiegeltent and they sit you on a wooden folding chair, elbow to elbow with person next to you. I heard a lot of people here said that the worse seat are still good. I'm going to say this is not exactly true. The stage was circular, however the section where we sat was sort of the "back side" of it. I said back side because the light shone to our direction. It was pretty uncomfortable trying to watch the show with lights shining directly to our eyes. Also, they have a smaller stage next to our seat and some of the performers stand and perform there. From where we sat, we ended up watching their back side. Considering I paid 90$ after tax and whatever fees ticketmaster is charging (and this is after 20$ off coupon), I feel like the show is way overpriced. The act itself was good but nothing spectacular. Two dudes doing strong man acts, three dudes walking on a tight rope, singing/burlesque, comedy. Except the roller skate act, nothing jaw dropping to me. I wouldn't rewatch the show for the second time unless the ticket price is around 40$.
5	Hilarious!!!
5	Since I'm a huge fan of Cirque shows, this was a definitely comedic relief from the others. This was ongoing jokes and laughing. My bf even laughed at me when I said "don't do it" because of the close proximity to everything and everyone!The decor inside is cutesy and overall it gets very intimate. I just wished that they wouldn't allow photography inside because the man sitting in front of my seat was pointing his camera up above his head for a majority of the show. It was annoying and if I had more guts I probably would've taken that camera and had the Gazillionaire step on it. The audience participation was awesome too since even the Gazillionaire seemed surprised.
5	Holy smokes.. why didn't I see this show the last time I was in Vegas?!I loved this show ...and I wasn't drunk or high as someone suggested in another review BUT but you do have to have an open mind and a good sense of humor so be warned. ;-) The acts are really unique and admittedly some are kitshy and silly but they do get ya laughing and are unlike anything you''ll see elsewhere in Vegas. Also, we were worried about being cold as the show is in a tent but it was nice and warm inside.  Just a tip ... we found $25 off coupons on some of the online vegas discount sites and we also saw it listed at the TCKTS booth for the same $25 off so don't pay full price when ya don't have to.
2	I've done pretty much every show in Vegas and I thought Absinthe was totally lacking in the already disappointing category of Vegas Cirque. The emcees were vulgar for vulgarity's sake, which I love and think works in small doses, but these guys just. kept. beating. the. horse.Otherwise, it's in a big tent outside of Ceasars, so I suggest wear a coat. And unless you purchased VIP seating, you're on a fold-out chair on the ground, which means your view may or may not be spectacular depending on your height.Towards the end, the lack of applause/laughter started to actually get to some of the hosts, and their humanity began to show. So I'm giving this place 2 stars because... well... I think they tried?
5	I thought this show was incredible!  I've been to several Cirque shows and appreciated the satire Absinthe brings to the table.  I also loved the off-color humor.  I was worried it would be too much, but, it wasn't even a fraction of the raunchy stuff you would hear at a comedy show and it's a lot more clever.  I also thought the Penny character was pretty great.My one complaint - why does no one cheer?  We got moved to the front row (the house was only like 1/3rd full) and I'm so happy we did (but half of the front was empty because people didn't want to move - weird).  Anyway, does anyone understand how hard this stuff is?  The performers want to know you appreciate them!  My husband and I were pretty much the only ones clapping and cheering - it was so noticeable that a spouse of a performer found us and thanked us for being good audience members after the show.And like most people mentioned, you can get discounted tix. They're all around the same price on various websites and the tickets booths around town.
5	I'd give this show even more stars if I could!!! They alternate between spectacular physical feats and raunchy over the top humor. Occasionally they combine the two. One second we were getting misty eyed watching a love-themed aerial ballet, the next we were laughing so hard we thought we were going to fall out of our chairs. Do not come to this show if you don't have a sense of humor!!! We were warned about the folding chairs but didn't even notice because the show was so great and the people squeezed into the seats surrounding us were very cool. This is a must-see!
5	I have seen all the Vegas shows and this one is the best.  If you do not like sex or swearing then don't go.  The funniest and up close show in Vegas.
5	Just saw this show again after a year and we still love it. I thought some of the jokes were improved but they were, but it was still just as funny. Still the #1 show in Vegas in my opinion.
5	Go see this show... not for those who do not appreciate a sarcarstic and wicked humor.  They are irreverent and audacious.  Their jokes are very raw... but I haven't laughed so hard in a long time.  All the seats are good, but if you can, spend for the VIP or VVIP, you will be glad that you did.
3	I agree the Emcee of the show was vulgar or vulgar sake, if you guy general admission be prepared to get packed in like your on an express airplane in russia. I had a hard time enjoying the show with my arms tucked in, my legs tightly closed and the bright shiny light in my eye. Too bad because what show I did watch was awesome!  Just think they could have better seating and bump up the price by 5 bucks instead of packing it so tight you can hardly breathe.
5	I've seen the show 3 times in the last year....so I know what I'm talking about!Cirque Cirque Cirque..blah blah blah borrrrinnnnngg.  I've left every Cirque show I've seen thinking, "All the acrobatics were cool but what the hell is going on?"  It's a dream?  Okay, well it's not my dream so I don't get it.  Not that way with Absinthe.  The show is really a Variety Act, so to compare it to Cirque may be a little apples to oranges...so what, the show is funny and who doesn't need a little laughter these days?!The acts include the high wire, strong man, trapeze, sexy roller skating, etc.  Pretty standard, and as usual, pretty impressive.  What I like here is that all of the performers are nice and attractive with all of the girls wearing skimpy outfits and great smiles.In between the acts two raunchy hosts roll the crowd with X-rated, racist, and hilarious banter.  If you don't like fun, men in tights, or sock puppets having sex, this might not be the show for you.This is one of only three shows that I ever recommend to out of town friends.If you are a local resident, visit the kiosk outside of Ceasars for $75 tickets.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!! This is a MUST see. I was a little unsure of a fairly expensive show In a tent, but I was laughing so hard pretty much the entire time, i forgot i was in a tent. The acts are amazing, and I loved the crude humor and language.  I would give it more stars if I could. My only complaint was the bitchy usher I would have liked to punch HER in the face with her obnoxious mouth yelling for people to line up single file and telling people she has had enough of them. Shut up, it's your job to deal with people. Go learn how to walk on a tight rope if you don't want to seat people.
5	See this show!I hope as this show's popularity grows, it's audience doesn't.  Put yourself in the circus side show era of traveling gypsy tents and fun.  The show is neither for the faint of heart, nor placid of tongue.  If you get offended easily, go see Jersey Boys.  If you want to see a show that you'll not only remember, but want to see again; see Absinthe.  I can only assume you should get your tickets as early as you can, as this budding venue will begin to sell out fast.  P.S. there's not a bad seat in the tent.  Go!  What are you waiting for?  Get tickets!
5	BEST SHOW!  If you can handle an adult show full up foul language, crazy circus stunts and a lot of sexual tension- you will LOVE Absinthe. The audience is seated up close wrapping around the stage- cross your fingers a stunt doesn't mess up! Yes, you're that close. The Hosts of the show were hilarious- the girl reminded me of Cheri Oteri. Even if its the same show ever night- I will see this again!!
5	This was Absinthe star and burlesque singer Melody Sweets debut album show. Magnificence occured. Absinthe is "As Good As It Gets". The Star and burlesque performer is performing her own music almost nightly. Spectacular world-class acrobatics combine with up-close views for heart stopping action. Comedic MC the Gazilionaire takes offense to a new low, while Penny Pibbets his side-sick sock puppet Queen help keep it extremely inappropriate. In a world of politically correct the fact that they're doing hilarious raunchy material like this made me proud. We have to laugh or we'll cry at life. This show is addictive, warning. You may stalk the stars on twitter, and wish to join the circus once you attend. You also may get pulled onstage to do things as I did. I'm pretty outgoing and even I was a little embarassed by Gaz's request to kiss a republican wife who I"d never met. It was fucking awesome though. I couldn't really love a show more, and it's been voted best show in Vegas for two years, and is contracted through at least Oct. 2013 at Ceaser's Roman Plaza with whispers of 2014. Personally, I hope the show goes on forever and ever. It renewed my faith in humanity. We can all have fun and not take things too seriously after all.
3	I really enjoyed the show -almost enough to give it 5 stars, but.....1. small venue is great2. people are talented but an acrobat is an acrobat.  so nice these people can find a job.  what else is this talent good for?3. the sexual humor was on target for this day and age- still blue but definitely relevant and therefore FUNNY4. there was some racist humor which, as a white person i could really laugh at, but it was unnecessary and did offend some non-white people i talked to.  race humor is a very touchy subject.  but the show would have been  just as good without the little bit of it they put in there... that's all.
5	This is the best show that we have ever seen in Vegas !! likely the best show we have ever seen.  it is set up as a (fake) side show. The show is insanely funny and full of amazing stunts that put Cirque du Soleil to shame. The show takes place in a tent with a very small stage and the chairs go right up to the stage. the venue is small so don't bother spending the money on upgraded tickets every seat is a good seat. This is a must see show if you are in Vegas.
5	Absolute riot of a show. The show has sexual, political and racist humor intermixed with some really stunning acrobatics. It is amongst my most recommended things in Vegas. The humor was definitely inducing laughter, the acrobatics was outstanding (amplified opinion because of the view from close quarters). The humor with the racist and political hues was also very very funny. The participants from the crowd also had a ball of a time during their brief sojourn up on stage. Overall - excellent show. Strongly recommended.
5	DO NOT GO SEE THIS SHOW....OK, so I know it's rude to type in caps lock.  And you are saying "hey, wait, he gave it 5 stars and said don't go to this show".  And you would be right.  Do not go see this show....1) if you have absolutely no sense of humor2) if you can't appreciate true talent3) if politically incorrect humor offends you4) if you would rather sit around with you thumb up your ass being boredHow to explain Absinthe?  Think vaudeville meets medicine show meets Rocky Horror meets South Park.  I know, that's a lot to take in.  And that kinda sums it up.  I don't want to give away too many details, but let me suffice it to say, this was hands down the BEST show my son and I have ever seen.  We simply could not stop raving about it.  One moment you will be laughing so hard that you will be crying and then before you know it, your jaw will be on the floor and you will say "wow, I can't believe I just saw that."   The venue (a small 'big-top style tent) is intimate and literally puts you right in the action.  The only small complaint is the small wooden seats aren't very comfortable, but it lends to the authenticity of the traveling sideshow.With all the choices for entertainment in Vegas, it is sometimes hard to decide where to spend your spend you money.  Let me make this very easy for you...GO SEE ABSINTHE!!!!!
5	Absolutely fantastic show.  As a local this is one of the only shows in Las Vegas I have ever paid to see and would pay to see again.  While it is on the expensive side for tickets there isn't a bad seat in the house as the show is done in the round in a very small tent.  Performances are sometimes uncomfortably close, which makes them even more entertaining when done well.  The variety act nature of the show is glued together by the "producer" very well leading to a smooth pacing for the entire show.  There was only one section in the entire 90 minutes that seemed to run long.All in all this a great show that is very well produced and worth every penny of the ticket price.
5	i am still laughing from this show. it was such an amazing experience. When I wasnt awed by the amazing acts in front of me I was laughing so hysterically at the host and his assistant. Also the interaction with the audience is bar none. Even the host looked like he didnt know what was going on at one point with the audience and it all played out so well. Great great great show!! Nor for kids though :)
5	What a great show!  This show was for people the might like Cirque de Soleil acts if it wasn't for the seriousness and the music. This is funny, sexy and entertaining.  It is an upclose experience which really heightens the effect of the acts.  This is a must see show (with spouse or not).  It's really for someone that doesn't like most shows but wants to be entertained and laugh.
3	Haha, if you lean towards the conservative side, you might want to steer clear of this show. Overall, we enjoyed the show. Recommended for 20-30 somethings, it's not a family friendly show! The show definitely kept us entertained and laughing the whole time but I wasn't amazed or anything. The acts were good but if you've been to any cirque shows, you've been basically seen all those types of acts. What sets this show apart is the humor. It can be offensive but I admit it is hilarious! If you can handle raunchy, politically incorrect humor, you'll be cracking up the whole time! I could tell some people were uncomfortable though, lol, oh well!The place itself is somewhat small so there isn't a bad seat in the house. You can usually find online discounts. We did like the show but I personally don't care to see it again and not really raving to my friends about it. Oh, and it smells like piss or something in there. It seriously had the weirdest, pungent smell, ugh.
2	Overrated, overhyped. Penny was initially funny with her Nazi and Portland jokes, but she becomes insanely annoying and tiresome and just unnecessarily vulgar with her sex jokes. Very few people seemed to find her funny. The acrobatic acts were impressive, although less so if you've already seen any Cirque du Soleil shows. For humor, the show should have done more of their parody ballet acts instead of letting Penny talk. Somebody should shoot her in the face.
5	Take your girlfriend or your boyfriend...past that NO family members...this was the most raunchy, unpolitically correct, absolutely jaw on the floor, wide eyed "did he just SAY that?" show I have ever been to...ABSOLUTELY HYSTERICAL.  I would pay cash money to see it again...and again!
5	The best show ever, I've seen it twice in the last year. It was slightly different the second time but it was just as amazing, and some performances were actually better. This show is a compilation of crazy acrobatics, some burlesque, singing, dancing, parody, comedy and lots of obscene humor. Racist, sexist, and all jokes are made and all are hilarious. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED, but don't bring kids or anyone that offends easily.
4	FAST_VIEW: this raunchy show is not for the weak willed. as comedy gets more profane & lurid in the world, Absinthe takes it to the height of those extremes but balances it with some truly talented acrobatics.pros: not your typical show, at times it is enormously hilarious!, some very talented performers, hardly a bad seat in the housecons: expensive for a little over an hour of entertainment, some jokes are unconformable to the point of lost humor, seats are a bit crampedi don't want to reveal all the secrets of Absinthe but it plays out like a raunchy circus show. the MC, known as The Gazillionaire, must have come straight out of Beetlejuice because his voice and crude behavior is so reminenct of Betelgeuse himself. this is not for your kids, do not bring them. unless you were planning to introduce them to their first hour long set of penis jokes.there are acrobatics, tightrope walkers and some very hilarious dance numbers. It is not your typical show by any means and a refreshing change from you're average, serious Vegas show. the price we paid was $75 per ticket after discount and TicketMaster's numerous fees. If you can find a code online you'll save about $15 dollars compared to the door price of $89.there are some VIP table seats which look very roomy and comfy for $20-$30 more but debatable if it is worth the extra money. you do get a better view since you're slightly elevated above the crowd but the rows are only about 10 deep if you're the furthest out. we were in the last row and enjoyed 95% of the show just fine.if you're looking for something outside of the norm and are feeling adventurous, get some Absinthe. A Tip? The show is right behind Serendipity 3 so if you are trying to decide logistics of parking, make your way there.
5	Absinthe - I LOVE YOU! (not the drink, but the show) They did have a bar, so maybe they give drinks with Absinthe in it as well... I wouldn't be surprised ;-)Anyway, I was looking for a good show to go to with my boyfriend and I really wanted to do a Cirque Du Soleil show after seeing Le Reve when I was there last time, but they are all so expensive, so I ended up keeping this one in mind. I think any show in Vegas is a great show, so it really doesn't matter, but can I just say how incredibly happy I am that we went here!?!I strolled down early in the morning to the grounds of Caesars Palace because that's where my friend told me they sell the tix. I didn't know this, but there was a guy giving out coupons for the show just a few feet away from the ticket booth, so keep that in mind, however, the girl ended up giving me a discount regardless! It was Valentine's day, so we had a really nice dinner at a Sushi restaurant at Caesars, then made our way down to where this tent is parked right near Serendipity 3. From the outside, it looks like a crappy Circus tent, so I was thinking.. "oh boy, what did we get ourselves into?!" But once you enter, it's an entirely different feeling. The only crappy thing I can think of was the wooden chairs that were hard to sit on and the columns that hold up the tent, since they were blocking my view, otherwise it was all just amazing! The best way to describe Absinthe is that it's a mix of crazy things you can see in Vegas on any given day, but with an insanely hilarious twist of comedy and some damn good acrobatics!  Or as they have it on their website, "a acro-cabaret variety show." Just like many Yelpers mentioned, you really need to be open minded or have a sense of humor, otherwise, you will get offended. We were laughing to the point of our faces hurting for hours after the show. There is no point on giving away details, but I whole heartily recommend seeing Absinthe. For the money, you get way more than your average show, and with memories to last a lifetime! I will DEF see this again, hopefully in the near future.
5	My favorite show in Las Vegas. Ditch the formalities and actually enjoy a fun show. Money well spent!
5	So F***ing good; can't even explain just how good this show is. Never laughed so hard, even at comedy clubs. The Gazillionaire is one of the greatest Characters you'll ever meet! Reminds me of a circus ring-master in some dirty sideshow out in a desert trailer park. Hilarious! A few audience members are targets of his raunchy jokes and go on stage. Funny watching the older people in the audience with all the blunt sexual stuff they talk about; it's great!!! The acrobatic acts are preformed in such a small, intimate little tent/ theater that you are warned not to stand at some points. You sit close with your neighbor so put aside claustrophobia. You can get deals on this show during the day in front of Caesars, or online, but even at full-price this is worth it! Definitely going again soon.
5	One of my favorite shows on the strip! The seating is general admission so you can sit wherever you want! Beware though if you sit in the front-you might become part of the show. ;) I would recommend going with close friends or a significant other. This show can be raunchy and might be awkward if you go with family. Not a kid show. This is show really is hilarious. If you aren't conservative and want a good laugh I really recommend you check this show out! You will be laughing throughout the entire show.
5	I have seen Absinthe twice. Both times were absolutely amazing! This show is an 18+ performance and I would not not recommend taking your parents. This is great for dates and for groups.
5	The seating is general admission - so you can choose where to experience the show! Sit up close! The language may be to salty for an older demographic, but myself (22) and other I went with (30s) had a really fun time.
5	I would go back to see this show and plan on going again in June.  Seeing this show was probably the best experience I had on my last trip to Las Vegas.The show is located in a tent on the Caesar's property.  It's very close to Serendipity.All I can say is hilarious!!  I laughed so hard!  I honestly think this is why the chairs are not padded.  This is not the show for you if you are easily offended.  They are certainly equal opportunity when it comes to making fun of everyone.  The Gazillionaire is the host and Penny (I love you!!) is his sidekick.  They are so funny, I could watch these two all night.  The acts are all very entertaining but the roller skating act was amazing!  Roller skating and Muse?  What else is there?We went on a Friday night and there were plenty of seats, mostly in the back.  I am short and had a hard time seeing with the tall man in front of me, but one of my friends offered his seat so I could see better.See this show!!
1	This was a poor man's Cirque du Soleil, and a bit overpriced. Let's start with the venue. The wooden chairs are uncomfortable and I found my back hurting after a while. Plus, it was freezing in there and I had a coat on. On top of that, I'm not a prude by any means, but the "comedy" was extremely obnoxious. I found myself trying to force laughs through the entire show. I've always thought that if a performer has to resort mainly to sexual vulgarity and/or profanity in their routine, then they have limited (or no) talent. This show would have been so much better without it, or like others have said, in small doses. I couldn't wait till the next act would come on and get rid of these two. Especially grotesque was seeing the lady pull up her dress to reveal her lack of underwear and badly in need of some manscaping (I say this because I couldn't tell if this might be a guy, as it looked as though there was a bulge in her nylons). The other performers were amazing, but if you have seen a cirque show before, then it is weak in comparison. Don't waste your money!
5	MUST GO!!!First show ever in vegas for me and it was beyond incredible! I went with a group of friends and spontaneously decided to watch Absinthe and we were pretty lucky that there were still tickets left 3 hrs before the show! If you can't decide on which seats to pick, I high suggest choosing the last row because its elevated and you really do get the best view! The back row really isn't far from the stage considering the whole place is fairly small and because its elevated you get to see everything literally and you wont be cramped among people with tiny chairs. The show is absolutely hilarious! Must go if you want to enjoy a good "I cant stop laughing" show in vegas!!you will NOT regret!
4	My husband and I loved "Absinthe"! It was a great show to see on my birthday yesterday. There were many "WOW!" moments and lots of laughs. The show has raunchy comedy, amazing acrobatics, sexy performers, a death-defying roller skating act and a touch of burlesque. We went to a Tix 4 Tonight booth to get discount seats the day of the show, but it would have been an incredible experience even if we'd paid full price. There were warnings about the raunchiness of the humor in other reviews, and the jokes were sexual and vulgar, but it was all in fun. (If you've ever been to a burlesque show, you've probably heard similarly blue-tinged humor.) The host (The Gazillionaire) and his assistant (Penny) were hilarious and had a great dynamic. They were ideal comic foils for each other. The show is in a circus-style tent in front of Caesar's Palace and has fun, eclectic decor inside. The seats are folding wooden chairs set up in-the-round facing a small stage. The space is intimate for a Vegas show, so if you're a larger person or claustrophobic, try to get an aisle seat. You'll be right up against your neighbor. I was worried the chairs would be uncomfortable, but they were fine, especially if you have a coat to sit on. We were seated toward the back and had a great view of nearly every act.Bonus: No line for the bar and very strong drinks. I just wish the show were longer! I guess it's good to leave 'em wanting more. :)
5	More like 4.6 stars, because the wooden seats are so painful...but to this day...the Vegas experience I reminisce on most fondly!  Words can't describe the magic of Absinthe.  From the moment I walked in and some girl puked on the floor, I knew this was going to be one of the most amazing moments of my life.  I've been to the City of Sin like, 4 times since, and walking past that Spegeltent always brings a tear to my eye. I love it when I go to a show and feel offended at the end, but also in total awe.  I'd bring my mom to this show...but only because she's probably cooler than your mom and I don't care what she thinks she loves me regardless.  The Gazillionaire is the perfect man, I'm jealous of Angel Porrino, and yes, I'd do it again in a heartbeat!
5	This is the best show on the strip, hands down. The venue is amazing, it's smaller than other theaters on the strip but that's part of what makes it so great. You have to have to HAVE to go see this show. It really lives up to the hype. I've seen this show 3 times and it has amazed me all 3. There's always been something new or different about it, from the costumes to the actual acts themselves, Absinthe definitely knows how to keep it fresh and lively. Not to mention, there is plenty of crowd interaction, which makes the entire experience even more intimate and hilarious. If you're uptight about, well, anything, you may be offended a few times; but if you're a person who enjoys laughing til hurts, insane acts, and insanely good-looking and talented artists, Absinthe is a MUST SEE!
1	As many have noted, this show may not be right for people who are 'easily offended'. If you are NOT easily offended, and in fact tend to enjoy what is considered offensive humor, this show also may not be for you.I found the comedy aspect to be weak, uncreative, boring, and at times irritating.  The humor basically entailed f-word use and insults on the level of calling audience members "black guy" or "republican". The acrobatic acts did provide some entertainment between stints of Penny's irreverent squawking, and the small size of the venue made the acrobatics that much more interesting. Overall, I think the money spent on the tickets could be much better spent elsewhere, such as on a rental of Point Break - just as much swearing, way more laughs.
5	GO SEE IT! I was very impressed by this variety show, it has a little bit of everything and takes it to the next level.The only thing I recommend is don't take anyone you won't be comfortable hearing SUPER sexual jokes around and go into the show with a really good sense of humor. It is very crude, but it all in jest. Although, I could have done with out a few of the dick jokes.
4	Classic Vegas!
5	Awesome show.  Very talented performers.   If you are offended by the the words F*&#, S*^$, or A$$h@!%,  You may not want to see this show.   If you do not want to get blasted by the Gazillionaire, DO NOT sit in the front row.    Would definetly see again.
5	Great awesome show!! Not for the kids though, so leave them at Circus Circus. Small intimate venue, so all the seats are up close and personal. The various acts were spectacular! Definitely different from all the Cirque shows. Jokes are pretty raunchy, but they were hilarious. So if you get offended easily... this might not be the best show for you.I've seen many shows on the strip, and this ranks among my favorite. If you want to wait until day of the show, sometimes they have workers handing out $20 off coupons in front of the box office which I think is the best deal ($69/ticket instead of regular price $89). Or you can also get discount tickets on Vegas.com
5	HILARIOUS!This show keeps you laughing and on the edge of your seat at the same time.The comedian hosts are raunchy and hilarious and all of the acts are incredible.The best new show on the strip!
5	Not your usual PC boring venue. Amazing experience great performers, host, music audience participation were all perfect. Blows a lot of the other big budget strip shows out of the water.  I would totally go see this again!!
4	ABSINTHE is a show that is wholly meant for anyone who himself is already an extroverted type of person. In other words, re-consider attending  this show, let alone buying upfront VVIP seating, unless you are COMPLETELY comfortable with the chance that you may become more than just a casual audience member at anytime during the performance. Combining the drag-on-stage interactive performances of shows like Cirque-Du-Soleil's Zumanity, and the edgy drive-by audience ethnicity insult comedy of comedians like Russell Peters, ABSINTHE is without a doubt the most irreverent show a visitor to Veags could see if they're looking to be made a fool of in one way or another and are gluttons for that type of abuse.      In many sections of the show between the acrobatic performances, the MCs of the show (a woman by the name of Penny, and the 'owner' of the show The Gazillionaire) take extreme care in both shocking the audience at large with sexually over-charged humor (Penny's sock puppet show is the epitome of "Adults Only") and aggressively ribbing any introverted folks foolish enough to purchase VVIP seating. For example, if you happen to look even remotely "black" (there are many cultures asian/middle eastern/etc. that can fall into this category at first glance, especially when wearing a ball-cap, like I happened to be that night), and you are in VVIP seating, you're now the westernized, prototypical  "Black Guy".      This also applies for other "at a glance" racial judgements as well (eg: if you happen to be any permutation of Asian: "Chinese Guy", et cetera). Other types of superficial insult  humor is delivered based on the look of groups seated together and contrasted based on age, gender and dress/appearance; this is drawn generally from those seated in VIP/VVIP areas of the tent. For example, in the show my wife and I attended (ABSINTHE's 1000th "Zombie" celebration performance/rave), there were two gentlemen seated together at a cocktail table next to a party of two young ladies. "The Gazillionaire" and his female Co-MC Penny proceeded to not only call out both groups as being "gay", but also went into explicit detail as to how homosexual both parties were for each other. This ribbing was made all the more abrasive due to the alleged age difference between the two males seated together. Of course, it should also be stressed that all of this raunchy comedy is also self-deprecating, as the MC's and performers consistently ridicule themselves comically as well; it's truly no holds barred. If this particular type of joking, even in good spirit, is considered offensive to experience first hand, you should avoid getting any type of upfront seating.All of that being said, you'll notice I haven't said "not" to attend the show. In fact, despite all of the issues I've raised in the previous paragraphs, ABSINTHE is still a visually wonderful performance to behold. In fact, one of the upsides to VVIP seating is how close you are to the performance. For example, if you're a fan of burlesque and the human body, than you'll love how close the performers get to you. From disrobing (it's not uncommon for clothing and props to land on/beside VVIP seated guests) to outright flashing (I was flashed by Melody Sweet towards the end of the show), the performers seek to include the audience as much as possible in their interactive art: for better or worse.   Then there are the performances themselves. Despite the considerably cramped space, the acrobatics performed are virtually beyond belief. Combined with artfully sculptural and cinematic lighting (something that even ABSINTHE's website photos doesn't capture well, so you'd have to see it in person), the view feels like something from a Tim Burton or Joel Schumacher film; twisted but hauntingly beautiful. From the high-energy Rollerblade performance and the comical acrobatic performance of the fictitious visiting performers from "Reno, Nevada", to the sultry singing of Melody Sweet, there really isn't anything else as special and unique as ABSINTHE in Vegas.  In summary, extroverts, people that are comfortable in their own skin, and/or just about anyone who has a high threshold for group participation despite the risk of possible ridicule/ribbing should all attend this show and get ready for the punishment. For everyone else, you should still attend I just wouldn't recommend any type of upfront seating if you're very modest/easily embarrassed. So why only 4 stars and not 5? The only reason this show got 4 stars has nothing to do with the nature of any of the performances (not even the aggressive insult comedy), it's because this type of information that I'm providing in my review was not provided at the ABSINTHE website. Had I known what I was getting into, I feel I could've made a more informed purchase decision.
5	How freaking fun was this?! First, don't even think about going with anyone that you aren't comfortable discussing the details of your sex life with. There are parts of the show that wouldn't be out of place as the closed captioning on porn, if that was a thing. If you're still with me, read on:A tip: if you sit in the front row, be prepared to be picked on mercilessly! The ringmaster, the Gazillionaire, uses raunchy, completely un-PC humor, which I found fantastic! He and Penny were awesome, providing endless laughs. Like laughs so hard you cry. But the humor tends to take a backseat to the insane acts. I'm pretty sure my jaw was on the floor for a significant amount of the show. I think all the acts are made all the more impressive by the teeny, tiny theater. I found myself making eye contact with so many of the performers, they were so close! Go, go, go, right now!
5	I loved this show.  It was the most entertaining that I've see in Vegas.  I'd describe it as Borat meets cirque du soleil.  As scores of others have said, if you are easily offended or of a conservative religious background, steer clear.  Stick with the O fluff next door at Bellagio.  However, if you laugh at crude but smart stand up a la Chris Rock, Richard Prior, early Eddie Murphy, etc, you will love this show.  My wife and I were lucky enough to attend the 1000th show.  Unbeknownst to us, it would turn into the zombie apocalypse after-party.  Free drinks, food, and professional make-up artists doing everyone up as zombies.  Rad!  Oh, and taking a shot of absinthe from the ice sculpture of Penny was a once-in-a-lifetime photo op.The show itself was remarkable.  Raunchy, hilarious banter back and forth between the players, transitioning to the typical acts of strength, balance and agility.  The cool thing is, it's a very small venue and you really get a sense for how talented the performers are.  Unlike Cirque, where you are back from the stage (cheap seats) and over-stimulated by flying freaks, Absinthe focuses intimately on one thrilling act at a time.  I will be back to this show the next time I'm in Vegas, for SURE.  Going out partying afterwards made up as a zombie made for a memorable night on the town.  A+++ for the whole experience.  My stomach hurt for days from all the laughing.  Check your morals at the door and take a big shot of Absinthe!!!
5	I don't remember the last time I've laughed so hard!  This is definitely not a show for every one but if you've got an ounce of humor running through your bones it definitely wouldn't hurt to give it a try.  Seating is kind of tight but it's a little price you pay for a unique experience.  Also, if your wallet's up for it, splurge a little for front row seating.  Totally worth it!
5	This is hands down the best show I have EVER SEEN. Did VVIP and it was so worth the extra money. Just incredible.
5	I absolutely love this show!! Entertaining is an understatement. This is an all adult show. It is an intimate setting inside of a tent right outside of Caesars Palace. Seating can be a bit uncomfortable since it's on wooden fold out chairs. As other reviews have said if you are easily offended do NOT book this show, go elsewhere. However, if you're open minded and in for a great time with some crude humor and obscene tactics get the tickets you need. QUICKLY! :)
5	Best show ever.  The prior description of Borat meets Cirque du Soleil is quite accurate.  Front row is well worth it - so long as you don't mind being part of the show.
5	The best!
5	Forget about Cirque Du Soleil, that's for old grannies..  If you're young, drunk and stupid going to Vegas (and let's be honest, who isn't) than this is the show you need to see!Hilarious dark extremely none politically correct humor, awesome in-your-face circus act and a super intimate setting makes this show a thrill.5 stars!
5	This show is not for the faint of heart! If you're offended by raunchy humour involving graphic sex, racial slurs, and political incorrectness, this show is not for you.My boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed this show - a great change from Cirque du Soleil. They pack you into a little tent outside of Caesar's Palace, and from there the show is a mix of acrobatics, burlesque, and in-your-face, dirty comedy. I love that they are as inappropriate as possible - and incorporate the audience. We were sitting in the 4th row, and the performances are right there. I'm talking about tightrope walkers literally right over your head.I would probably not recommend this show to my parents, although there were some in their 50's and 60's - the target audience is 21+ and most seemed to be in their 30's.
4	I actually chose to see this show partly from the Yelp reviews. This show is a great combination of comedy, cirque du soleil, and burlesque. It has something for everyone! The atmosphere is intimate, quirky, and ornate. The humor is very X rated so you may not want to bring conservative parents or guests as they may walk out.
5	This show is awesome if you like circus acts, offensive humor and burlesque. The performances are great and Penny and the Gazillionaire are comedic gold! I actually got pulled up on stage for a lap dance-off and won a free drink of Absinthe!!!To the Asian woman I scarred for life, I am sorry....not really.  I'd recommend this show to anyone young or old who isnt easily offended...
4	This show was great! It's packed full of incredible gymnasts and acrobats who perform seemingly impossible routines. In between each different act, the host provides plenty of vulgar, irreverent humor and commentary which is incredibly entertaining. If you're easily offended, overly conservative or an all around straight-edged type of person, this might not be the show for you. However, if you're adventurous and looking for something you've never seen or experienced before then I highly recommend you see this show. The only reason I did not give this a 5 star rating is due the low comfort level of the seats. All of the seats inside the Absinthe theater are basic, foldable wooden chairs that are fine for the first 20-30 minutes but get increasingly uncomfortable as the show progresses. The front row seats have a bit of cushioning but the rest have solid wood seats with slatted backs.Money well spent.
5	My boyfriend and I scoffed at the "If you only see one show in your entire life, make it Absinthe" quote plastered all over the posters. I thought, "Ehh...probably a bunch of Cirque rejects." The Absinthe performers quickly shut me the fuck up. Oh what silly little bitches we are.Best show I've seen...EVER!If you haven't picked up on this yet from other reviews, the show is indeed raunchy and vulgar which can equate to either highly entertaining or offensive depending on your sense of humor. If there is anything you are even remotely insecure about, do not sit in the front sections because the Gazillionaire will call you out about it in front of everyone in such a hilarious, quick-witted way that you might even end up laughing at yourself. You will laugh almost non-stop during the entire show!The only time you will not be laughing is when your jaw drops open in complete awe of the performances. These performers are ridiculously strong and talented! I should have never doubted them. And with the venue so small and intimate, they are right in front of you. So close, in fact, that if they were to fall, they would land right on top of the audience. The only thing I didn't get was the girl in the bubble, but my boyfriend later explained to me, "She was an oiled up girl with pasties...what don't you get?"I have zero complaints. None. Will see it again. I'm so glad we walked by that guy handing out $20 off coupons in front of Caesar's Palace. The show was a last minute addition to our plans and it ended up being one of the most memorable parts of our trip.
4	Thanks to my brother in law, I went to see Absinthe on a cool summer evening at the tent outside Ceasar's Palace. My impression of this show can be summed up with 3 Rs - it is raw, raunchy and risque. The humor is not something for the easily offended thanks to the incredible performances of the Gazillionaire and his adorable assistant, Penny (I love you Penny!). The acts are a mix of acrobatic, musical and sexy burlesque interlacing together into a full entertaining package. I particularly love the music of Melody Sweets but perhaps I'm biased since I've always loved sexy girls dancing to music of a tintillating nature and having met Melody at other events and places, knowing how sweet and talented she is. The show's logan is pretty spot on - if you can only make it to one show, this one should top your list of Vegas' priorities.I had to minus one star because I wish that the cast would pose for pictures after the show but unfortunately they do not. I really wanted a photo with that HOT and SEXY Asian-Russian guy walking the rope. ;)And yes, the reason I know he's Asian Russian is because I found him on Facebook!!!!
5	Absinthe comes highly recommended! Quite possibly one of the best (and most affordable) shows on the strip.This cabaret style show is the perfect balance of cirque (and by cirque I mean circus), comedy and variety show. The Gazillionaire is your Master of Ceremonies / ringleader for the evening. You'll come to love the grease and slime of his swagger. And his sidekick Penny Pibbets is so cute and adorable the sexual outbursts won't bother you a bit. The execution of all the curse words, sexual innuendos, racist jokes and back flips is so entertaining you won't find it the least bit offensive. And if you do--too bad. Your not getting your money back so you should probably mope back to your hotel room and grow a sense of humor.On top of the laughs, the flippy bits and various circus acts are thoroughly entertaining. However, there was a strange one involving Angel Porrino and a bubble that I couldn't quite wrap my head around. I've seen the show thrice and I look forward to all the outlandish wackiness every time I go. (Thanks to my friends for hooking it up with tickets) but I would pay actual dinero to see this show myself. Its under $100 and probably the best bang for your buck show on the strip. Suitable for both men and women. Maybe not mom & dad--unless you just hang with your parents like that.This is entertainment gold my friends. If you can only see one show in Vegas, see Absinthe. As long as you're not wicked conservative or shudder at the slightest bit of obscenity, i.e. a total prude, you will thoroughly enjoy yourself and laugh for so long  you'll waltz out of here with aching abs and lifted spirits.
5	Absinthe was hilarious!! Extraordinary talent, amazing, sexy, unique and I loved it.
5	This is probably one of the best shows in Vegas. Its located outside by Ceasar's main registration area. Serendipity is also a few steps away from the location. I'm so happy that we got tickets and they were half priced. The tent is not as large as Cirque's traveling shows but it its more intimate. Our seats were only 4 rows from the stage. The humor is dark and the performances are as good as any other big budgeted shows. The Gazillionaire and the assistant really took the show to another level. Literally everyone in the show were falling off their seats because they couldn't stop laughing. THIS SHOW IS NOT FOR KIDS!!!  They cuss, the performances are raw, shows a lot of skin and this whats makes this acrobatic show different from any other. Love it and will watch it again and again everytime I visit Vegas!
5	Loved! Was there on Sat. night and after seeing all the reviews my boyfriend and I decided to give it a try. It was amazing. I hadn't laughed so hard in months I literally had tears coming out. The place is small so it doesn't matter where you sit. We actually got 25 dollars on each ticket by browsing online and looking for promo codes we ended up paying 70 dollars per ticket vs. 95 for the 10:30 showing at half price tickets boots in the strip. We bought our tickets at Ticketmaster with the promo code. Highly recommend this show.
5	One of, if not my favorite shows in Vegas. My wife and I sat in the second row and I felt like I was so close I could have reached out and touched the performers. In fact, I think they ask the first row to not sand up during the performances for laibility reasons. The show is a good mix of pretty amazing "Cirque" like performances and over the top comedy. The comedy, while often laugh out loud hilarious, can also be a little offensive. As others have said the only negative here is that if you are easily offended you most likely will be here.
5	This show was awesome! If you're into adult, raunch comedy, this show is for you! It's a mix of comedy and acrobatics. I'm so glad we ran into a couple who told us about the show! We would have never known about it!It's held in a small, circular tent, and there really isn't a bad seat, unless you're sitting behind someone tall.We had a great, fun time, and I would highly recommend it! The show isn't kid friendly, so viewers need to do their homework. As I mentioned though, if you like adult humor, you'll love it!
5	I LOVED it, I seriously think it is the best show I have seen in Vegas, however it is not for everybody.The show is REALLY raunchy, and could be uncomfortable for certain people I am sure. The ringmaster makes fun of people in the audience (racial, sexual orientation, etc.) and we saw some people leaving because it was so out there, but if you are not offended by that kind of humor then you are probably fine.It is a fairly small venue and I will say you are uncomfortably close to the people next to you and the seats are just uncomfy on their own, but still totally worth it, imo.The acrobatic acts, were all just awesome. Very talented people and some things I had never seen before. Plus you are very close so that adds some excitement. Penny was adorable and HYSTERICAL, with her totally inappropriate sexual stories and her back and forth with the Ringmaster, she was my favorite by far. We were still talking about her days later, her character in that show is just perfect.All in all, I thought it was a fabulous show, and tons of fun :-)
5	This is my favorite show on the strip. I have seen it 3 times and will go back every time I have new friends come to visit. It is raunchy and racist. It is so very offensive. I am a strong believer that it is only funny if somebody is offended. The acts are top notch.  My only complaint would be that the chairs are uncomfortable. My butt hurt from sitting on them. Also it is very cramped so if you are overweight you may not fit in the chairs unless you buy 2.
5	I was in town for business and we were working really long days.  On Friday we were able to get tickets to the 8pm show, and I'm SO glad we did!  It's truly a delightful show - raunchy but super fun.  If you're easily offended you may want to think twice, but it really was quite funny and the acrobatics are amazing!
5	AMAZING!!!!!hm, where to start?! We live in California & travel to Vegas at least 4 - 5 times a year.Ive been to many shows, many cirque de soiles ( not only in vegas) and they are great!But ABSINTHE, IS AMAZING!I think because you get both comedy and circus acts is really what makes the show.I love ooing and aaing at circus acts, but come on, you know during a circus show there are times where your just thinking " is this almost over ?!" ...Not with Absinthe!You get the circus acts, with the mix of funny raunchy bad comedy ( the best comedy) lolPenny defiantly was my favorite!! She is so cute and hilarious. There isnt much nudity, they cover up the nipples :)GO WATCH IT!!!!
5	I loved this show.  I laughed so hard I cried.  We were in the VIP front row. There are no bad seats.  This is a must. The main guy is so funny and his side kick gal. You must have an open mind and not be easily offended. It's out their. They pick on every one and every thing. It's adults only. No kids.  The show is amazing.  You must go.  I hope you enjoy it as much as we did.  If you get the VIP seats you get to walk n via the phone booth.  Funny, funny, funny.  BTW the main singer is gorgeous.  Loved everything about it
5	Hosted by very funny and inappropriate comedians. Great for a fun night in Vegas!
5	This show is F*&#KING AMAZING!!! We stumbled on this show walking back to Caesars one day.  From the outside, it looks like Circus Vargas just set up tent in Caesars front yard but inside, it's well decorated and thoughtfully planned out.  The best way that I can describe this show is that it's one part Cirque du Solei, one part burlesque and 10 parts raunchy comedy.  If you are easily offended, don't do it.  This show is for the thick skinned people that can take racial, sexual and completely off colored jokes. And don't bring your kids here. The tent itself is small so it's an intimate venue.  The stage is circular and there are no bad seats in the house.  There are actors walking and running around everywhere and you are close enough to touch them (but please don't).  There are plenty of hot actors/dancers in the show and there's plenty of skin showing. Think more burlesque and less Spearmint Rhino.  Out of all the shows that I have seen in Vegas, this is definitely one of my top ones.  You will definitely laugh your ass off and set the tone for an awesome evening afterwards.
4	This is a great show but very much for adults only... and only open minded adults at that. We went to the 10:00 show, which didn't start until 10:25 or so, but were able to sit outside and have a drink in their courtyard. Was enjoyable talking with others including one guy who walked out of the early show leaving his wife and friends inside. I thought the guy must be a prude for leaving due to a little nudity and language. However, after watching the show I can get it. Let me clearly say this is NOT for the faint of heart or overly political sensitive person. The main guy makes fun of everybody.  Comedy, nudity, acrobatics, and it all makes for a fun 90 minutes.  The only issue I have is the racial humor was a bit deep for me at times. He wasn't making fun of me or my people but I felt the jokes about African Americans not working was a bit much.  It's funny to say black people can dance better than white people. Ha, ha. However, going two or three levels deeper on the "jokes" was a bit much for me. I wasn't sure if the one patron was going to rush the stage to stop the "jokes" aimed at him. Would have made quite a show I suppose.  Oh ya, we sat in the front row which was fun but puts you in the line of fire for jokes. The theater (tent) is very small so there are no bad seats.
5	Without a doubt, the BEST show in Vegas. Hilarious and jaw dropping every second off the show. Thoroughly impressed with the entire cast. Not for those that offend easily. Amazing and underrated.
5	MUST SEE!!!! I would go see again and have been telling everyone how fabulous the show is.
4	Great show! Very entertaining and very raw and real. It's a bit raunchy and they do use cuss words and their is some nudity. Also adult content is talked about but it's a very good show!! You will not be bored at all. I recommend anyone that comes to Vegas or even the locals to see this show. I think that it does not get the attention that it deserves and we should definitely try to advertise it as much as possible.
5	'Bashes face in wall' GAH I love this show so much! I got to see it when it had its' one year stay at Caesars, and then again after it officially became a show there. I do have to say that the first time I saw it was a bit better than the second:The first time we went they had the outside of the tent decorated with lights, awesome furniture, trees and a bar. It was really cool, and since back then it was first come first serve in seats, we had to line up, and it was nice to stand and look at all the cool things they had out. They also had a phone booth that they took VIPs through- the person got in, picked up the phone, and then a secret door opened and they went inside. I thought that was pretty darn awesome. They also had a different act- the rollerbladers! These two did a scary move where the guy held onto the girls hands and spun around so fast- if he had let go she would have gone into the crowd and killed someone.The second time we went the outside was bare. Totally bare. There is nothing there to indicate that there's even a show there besides the big white tent. It's really sad, and kinda off-putting. They now have seat numbers for you, or at least we did. The rollerbladers left and were replaced with a lady and a bubble, who is pretty cool herself, but not nearly as life threatening.The show itself is amazing, but yes, full of curse words and sexual situations. Don't like curse words? Don't feel comfortable with your sexuality? DO NOT GO THEN. Go see a sterile Cirque show if you can't handle being an adult. There's plenty of Cirque like stunts- but FAR better because IT IS RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU. Way better in my opinion.
4	Entertaining, acrobatic we're amazing. Be ready for crude jokes...
5	Phenomenal, hilarious, wildly entertaining!This is probably THE BEST Vegas show I've been to thus far, and everyone I know who has seen it agrees wholeheartedly.This show is Zumanity to the nth degree!  If you're looking for sexy, it's sexier!  If you're looking for funny, it's funnier!  If you're looking for amazing, it's...amazing-er!Absinthe is a comedic, theatrical, and acrobatic show all rolled into one.  Also, the close quarters (it's in a tiny tent outside Caesar's Palace) makes the show an exciting and unique experience.  There is literally not a bad seat in the house.  However, being up close does have its oogling benefits, if you know what I mean.  (Becareful of not being so close that they include you as part of the show, lol...you know...unless you're into that kind of thing!)My boyfriend saw it the first time with his friend and immediately wanted to take me to go see it for my first time.  It was freaking awesome!DISCLAIMER:  This show is not for the easily-offended as it contains fabulously vulgar and sexual content.
5	This show is amazing! its funny, entertaining (a bit raunchy) but overall a great time. I don't get offended easily so I found it wildly amusing. However, I could see my mom may get offended by some of the things they say and do. If you haven't seen this then its a must when coming to Vegas, but leave your judgement at the door.
4	This was a great show! Definately geared toward an adult audience. Very Funny and interesting acts. The wait to get in to the venue was long and the seats were quite crowded. But I loved how the comedians encouraged audience participation.
5	Hubby and I were at the CES show in January and decided to go see this show. What a show! It wss, hands down, one of the most funniest show we've ever seen! It has comedy snd lots of acrobatic action. I don't think I've ever laughed that hard.  This show uses a lot of dirty words and a lot of politically incorrect language. So if you're easily offended,  then this show is not for you. Overall,  the only thing I didn't like were the hard wooden seats and the tight seating for the audience.
4	Saw the 10:00PM show on a Wed. night. Seats are very squished together and it is often hard to see what is going on, I am 5'5".  Watch out if a "person of size" sits next has the seat next to you. Even though it is in a tent in front of Caesars it was well air conditioned. Look around for discounts. We had reserved seats. The theme of the show seemed to be F.U. Cirque de Soils! (SP?)Lots of  very talented acrobatic spoofs, and GREAT comedy. The comedy included the occasional "FUCK" and was definitely R rated at times, but howling funny! Overall would recommend.
5	Hilarious, genius, and acrobatically/gymnastically jaw dropping. A must see in Vegas.
5	This was a hysterical show from the minute we walked in until the minute we left. Just when I thought some of it was staged, they picked someone in our group to tease! This is not the show to go and see if you take things too literally or find some jokes to be politically incorrect.The talent, jokes and actors were incredible. Two big thumbs up.
5	Very fun entertainment. Search google for discount code (I found $25 off per person). Not a fancy set, but fun entertainment. Raunchy, like everyone says, but comedy is funny and most of the acts are awe inspiring.
5	Great/Unique show, very funny/entertaining, its ranchy so if you are a prude stay home!  But if you are, why would you be in Vegas?  If you are sitting close be prepared to possibly be called to the stage, I did and had a great time!
5	Bravo! What a show!Absinthe was the highlight of my recent Vegas trip - simply the best show out there!Each year, me and some friends from college embark on a Vegas trip. Typically time is spent gambling, eating, and drinking. This time around we decided to try something new so bought tickets for Absinthe. And it's a great thing we did.Absinthe is the perfect blend of comedy and amazing acrobatics. The stunt with the chairs that started off the show was amazing. Yes, I was a bit nervous watching this thinking "there's no way he can actually do that without falling!" But alas, the performers were all magnificent. The weakest stunt was the high wire act, but even that was very impressive.Now for the comedy. Oh my goodness, I was rolling in my seat the whole time. Penny and the Gazillionaire were HILARIOUS. My friend Adam actually spit out his drink he was lughing so hard at one of Penny's one-liners - we might even need to change his nickname from Pizza to Spit-take!). But like many others said, the jokes are raunchy and politically incorrect, so be warned if you're sensitive to that kind of thing. Also, do NOT sit in the front row if you don't want to get picked on!So, as for the negatives: The only real negatives I can think of are the uncomfortable seats and the high drink prices. The seating issue can be alleviated buy purchasing a seat at a table (more expensive, I'm guessing). Beers are $9 in the theater, but that can be avoided by planning ahead and buying one across the street for $3 and bringing it in!To summarize: Go see this show! I know I will, again, when I'm back next March!
5	If you want to be amazed at some pretty amazing human stunts and laugh your ass off at the same time this is the show for you! If you all about being politically correct and  not a fan of foul language...well skip this one. Gay, straight, black, white, Hispanic, democrat and republicans....absolutely nothing is off limits here. Absinthe is set in a spiegle tent but don't let looks deceive you, it's much bigger inside than it appears. The audience sits around the small stage at the center of the tent.  For such a small area the circus-esque acts are pretty amazing, I was very impressed. The show is hosted by the Gazillionaire and his assistant Penny who will have you in tears the whole time. I spent 45 min getting my make up done before the show and cried a lot of it off laughing. I'm sure it changes daily but be prepaid for audience participation (READ watch your self if you sit in the front row!)...for our show an older and younger woman were brought on stage. The older lady was already embarrassed and then told she was going to motorboat the other girl. My BF looked at me at that point and asked what is going on up in this tent right now?!? To the cheers of the audience she did it...you go lady! This show is full of raunchy humor and a very talented cast of performers. Well worth the money and it's less than many Circs at that. You wont be disappointed!
5	My friend told me this was the best show in Vegas.  I was skeptical because I didn't even hear about it until I got to Vegas.  There weren't ads at the airport and the concierge didn't even recommend it.  None the less we got tickets and boy I'm so glad we did!  The venue is intimate-- it's part burlesque, part cirque, part comedy show.  Some of the jokes can get uncomfortable but just let loose and roll with the punches.  I think the Yelp pictures give too much away so don't look at them.  Buy tickets, watch, laugh, and get laid afterwards because whoever you bring is going is going to want to thank you later.
5	Unquestionably the best show in Las Vegas. Period.
4	I saw the show shortly after it opened, and was excited about the concept and the location (not inside the casino).It's an intimate venue, and we were seated mere steps from the stage, which afforded us front row action! The performers were impressive, and some of the stunts were unique or somewhat original. There is lots of foul language, which is not for everyone. I think the show has staying power.
3	Well after reading the gushing reviews on here I thought I would give this show a try.I have been to close to 10 Cirque shows including the traveling shows and I have seen Andrew Dice Clay and I would say this show is a mixture of both but not as good as either one.  It is an intimate venue and I have never been this close to the action.  The ringleader is kind of funny although he picked on two older guys suggested they were bears and banging each other way too many times.  The sidekick Penney is a little OTT and would make the Dice Man blush.  It was funny for the most part but not hysterical.  The acrobats were good but there is only so much you can do in that small of a tent.  I was glas I purposedly got tickets for like the 5th row because the first couple of rows are definetly targets for jokes and participation.
5	This show is not for the faint of heart but for the rest of us it is awesome. It is the perfect combination of amazing acts and raunchy humor. We got the VIP tickets which provided a perfect view and a little personal space. This is definitely a must see.
5	I absolutely loved this show. I was either laughing so hard, my cheeks hurt or sitting there, mouth hanging wide open in astonishment. I thought the tempo was great. I like the way they mixed in the comedy with the more physical acts, breaking things up. The music was also really good. The tent that the show takes place in, is decorated beautifully. Kudos to the designer, it really helps to set the tone. I had just seen Ka the week before, and I thought that Absinthe was so much more enjoyable. I live in Las Vegas and was comped both shows, but Absinthe was better by far. In fact, I am taking my parents when they come to town.The one thing I will say is that if you can't handle bawdy humor or profanity, you might want to get a ticket to another show. Absolutely stellar!
5	Beautifully obscene! This was the absolute highlight of my trip to Vegas. We saw Love and loved it, but I think this was far more entertaining.If you are PC, pass.
3	Rude, disgusting, and offensive humor...loved it!  Been a Concierge on the strip for 3 years and this show was a breath of fresh air. Certainly not the Cirque spectacular but the humor alone was entertaining enough.
5	Gut-busting hilarity, provocative, uncensored, beautifully amazing feats of human strength. Raunchy, yes, but not just for the sake of shock value. This show is a finely-tuned piece of art with many different facets. You can go TackyVegas and see Celine, you can go PredictableVegas and see a show on the Cirque menu, or you can get your money's worth and then some (for half of the price of most others), and see the one and only Absinthe. I'll go every time that I'm in Vegas.
5	Hilarious, raunchy, uncomfortable, beautiful, and sexy.  In a theater in the round venue.  Amazing acrobatics.  The roller skating bit was breathtaking.  Not for those who are offended easily...check your political correctness at the door.  Would see again.
4	I've been a few times over the past couple years and, although the comedy remains pretty much the same (raunchy but funny), some of the acrobat acts have changed out and they were still incredible!  The atmosphere in the tent sets the tone in a wonderful way and the things these people do in such a small space continues to take my breath away!
4	Absolutely loved the show . It's a must in vegas , forget about all Cirque de solil shows (specially the one in Sphinx) . If u don't mind sexual humor it's the perfect show for you . Watch out you might be picked on and made fun of . The tent is amazing with beautiful decoration . Make sure u come early to pick a good seat.
5	The show is the best I have seen in Vegas. The performances are amazing! The funniest show! Venue is great and intimate too!
5	The other reviews are correct! Very unique show and probably the highlight of my trip. I loved the humor and the acts were AMAZING. I loved the small intimate venue and it made the acts THAT much more amazing. Include it in your trip to Vegas!
5	Go, go, go!!!  Don't give it a second thought.  Well, give it a second thought if you don't enjoy raunchy humor as others have said.  This show was simply amazing from the comedy to the acrobat feats.  The only negative was the seating as the wooden chair was cramped and not good for my back (2 surgeries).  If you can only see one show while in Vegas, see this one!
5	Great show.  They were passing out $20 coupons.  I was confused about the seating, but my advice is to either get the cheap seats with the coupon, which ran about $75 a piece, or get the front row tickets because there is audience participation.  The second tier of VIP tickets (four rows between front row and cheap seats) seemed like a waste of money.  Anyways, it's a great show that mixes filthy humor with beautiful acts.  Definitely a highlight of the trip to Vegas.
2	This show is WAY overrated in my opinion.  I know it is Vegas, but they don't need to make the entire dialogue sexually oriented.  It feels a bit juvenile after a while.
4	I was a little irritated at some jokes aimed at "team red" or "right" or "conservative" or whatever else you call republicans, but as the show picked up they make fun of everyone.  I appreciate how non-PC this show is.The seats were a little hard on my back, but that is my only complaint.  I am a tall guy so I am sure most people are fine.I would take friends and family back to this show when they are in town.
5	This is one of my favorite shows in Vegas. The cast is extremely talented. The comedy duo and the roller skating couple are probably my favorites. Great show!!!
5	If you go to Vegas and have time for one show, THIS IS IT! Truly amazing. The perfect combination of funny, nail-biting, entertaining and down right raunchy! The host of the show picks on people from the audience and makes racial/sexual jokes about them, so if you are easily offended, this "is not the right fucking show for you!". You also get a lot of bang for your buck because the show is a lot longer than most but NEVER boring. Each act was unique and equally entertaining. Except for the one act with Angel from the tv show Girls Next Door where she bounces around in a the giant balloon... da fuck was that? You lose half a star there.
4	It's not easy to choose a show in Vegas, most of them look attractive and thrilling. I and my wife decided to go to Absinthe based on Yelp suggestion and we both feel that it was a great choice. The artists were amazing and acrobatics were truly mind blowing. I was surprised to see that they were from all over the world. More over, all of them looked enthusiastic and excited, the energy was clearly visible on their faces. The show was thoroughly engaging and it kept getting better. I was really impressed with the cirque part. On comedy part, I liked host part more than his assistant's. Host made pretty good use of audience and his joked were funny. The assistant, I thought was, very talented and her voice and style was good as well but the content was over the top 'adult' say NC-17 language. I would have loved if it was more subtle and more indirect. Otherwise overall great experience. I would recommend for couples. Not for/with kids or parents :)
5	There are so many shows to choose from but if you have time for just one...you must pick this one!  To me it was Cirque, meets a Vegas type show (read: nudity & language) meets Rocky Horror.  It was simply outstanding.  The theater is fairly small, but really any seat you choose is a good one.  The chairs are on the smaller side so if you need/want more room, perhaps opt for one of the chair/table setups.  When you're inside, definitely take a look around - the props and setup are worth a look.  There is a bar outside of the tent to get a pre-show drink, plus a bar inside if you prefer to have a cocktail in hand while watching.  The reviews of this show are spot on.. the show is the perfect amount of raunchy, humor, nail-biting, and just plain old entertaining.  The entire cast is really talented!   If you get offended easily and prefer to stay on the PC side of things, this will not be your show!  Trust me!
5	Quite possibly the best show I've seen it Vegas! It was phenomenal. Well worth the money. Tickets for tonight sells tickets as well so be sure to keep your eye out. This is a variety show which is just amazing. I'm sure we'll be seeing it again!
4	If you've ever wondered where all your friends with great bodies who learned to high wire, trapeze and roller skate went, look no further than Absinthe. They congregated here under a tent in Vegas to entertain the crap out of you.Here to corral the insane talent and make sure the audience knows the danger associated with stepping into this intimate setting with acts you pray are experts with zero fail rate are the bawdy Gazillionaire and his red headed crazy sidekick, Penny. With a knack for improvisation and a sense of humor designed to offend, this couple will have you rolling with their back and forth insults, filthy jokes and off color observations about pretty much anyone in their vicinity.The acts are a part of an elaborate adult circus and they want your inner bad child to come out and play. From the sexy to the breathtaking, to downright crazy, these acts will keep your eyes wide and your mouth open for the full show. I haven't seen a show that kept me as engaged since I drooled over the Jersey Boys slicked back hair and synchronized dancing. It is totally different and a must see if you're in Vegas. Be careful, the language is uncensored and if you're easily offended you might want to sit this one out; otherwise go, have a drink and watch hilarity, and magic, happen.
5	The dude who narrates this show is a mix of Don Rickles and Richard Pryor, while his short sidekick is a foul-mouthed version of Gilda Radner or Madeline Kahn. The way those two insult each other, the performers, and the audience may be crude, racist, sexist, homophobic or whatever else but its absolutely hilarious. If you're offended, just remember: everyone gets crapped on!The gymnastic stuff was fun and entertaining, but, for me, the irreverent and politically incorrect humor was what I loved. The bit where the black and white guys come up to the stage to lap dance an Asian chic was hysterically funny. Only drawback: those wooden seats!
5	Must see! Hilarious show and intimate venue - raunchy humor mixed with daring acrobatics make for a fun evening. I will definitely see this show again the next time I am in Vegas.
5	Our friend recommended this show!! We loved it!!! I would 100% recommend this for  singles or couples. Absolutely not for kids. Lots of fun and F.. words. What a talented crew performing acrobatic tricks All performance are very sensual and romantic and lots of laughter in between. Get sits on first row if you like an attention ;)
5	Fantastic-not to be missed! A great combo of humor, picking on the audience and the ever-famous Vegas acrobatic/daredevil acts. I would go see it again in a heartbeat!
5	Here's some basic info for your reading enjoyment, check out the other reviews for a full summary of the experience.1. Worth every penny. Have you checked out the ticket prices for Cirque?2. In a tent, but nice A/C and wall decorations all around. Think of House of Blues3. Friendly and attentive ushers will seat you, and accommodate your needs. Our usher saw that we were a little taller, so we got to sit on a park bench thing, just behind the main seating area. Very nice.4. The cocktail server will come by with some fluorescent blue rum drinks, try one!5. Super sexy show, no nudity, males and females will strip down to their skivvies6. The banter focused too much on blow jobs and oral sex, but whatevah, five stars.
5	Amazing!  If you are easily offended by off-color humor, go to Branson.  This show is a great combination of humor, sexuality, physical feats, and singing.  Well choreographed, excellently paced, and super attractive performers (of both sexes).  Don't take your kids, your grandma, or anyone else who you wouldn't watch a dirty movie with.  Best show I've seen in Vegas!  Worth every penny.
5	I'll keep it short as the other reviews are accurate: More filthy than you could imagine. Angel Porrino wearing very little. Lesbian trapeze artists. Hilarity, pageantry and -- this is really the important part -- incredible stunts by amazing, talented people. You'll come for the T&A and sex jokes but the acts are LEGIT.
5	This show was excellent! The traditional circus acts mixed with the adult humor was a perfect combo in the intimate setting of the tent. The acts definitely had that wow factor and the humor had us laughing so much! We loved the decor too.
5	Burt says THIS is the show to see in Vegas!  And don't be a cheapskate, sit in the front row.  VVIP ticksThe Gazillionaire and Penny Pibbits are hilarious.  The acts are great.  The highlight is the roller skater act.  It's a much smaller act than the big Cirque shows and it's very personal.  The Cirque shows are all incredible.  Some more than others but really, they all are amazing on their own.  You can, and I have, reviewed them based on how one rates in comparison to the other.  But they are all so huge and spectacular you could go see them over and over again and notice all new things.  This show is scaled down and you can concentrate on the one amazing act being performed instead of 15 amazing acts going on at once.  Penny killed me.  So funny.  Burt wants to go back just to hear Penny do her puppet act again.  The act has some raunchy language and off color jokes.  But it's refreshing to see some adult humor for a change.  If your thin skinned, then just don't go.  Sit in the front row.  You feel as if you can be injured at any moment while you're sitting within arms length of these acts and it really adds to the excitement of the show.  Burt couldn't believe they can allow you to sit in harms way but they do.  It's fantastic.  Burt loved Absinthe and will tell anyone going to Vegas,  Absinthe is a MUST SEE
5	Totally great, amazing show in vegas. Amazing acrobats, hot girls, nice off-color language, etc. HOWEVAH... if any of you are in the bay area and you have a chance to see TOURETTES WITHOUT REGRETS this show is VERY similar to Tourette's. Crazy host who insults audience? yep. Sexy sidekick? yep. lap dance contest? oh yeah!obviously the acrobats, burlesque, etc was on an entirely different level but the vibe was very similar to tourette's, which I dug. Unlike most other las vegas shows, they also let you take pictures, which was kind of neat. They're pretty big sticklers about moving chairs though.
5	I REALLY enjoyed this show. I had never heard about it until my "girls Vegas trip" but everyone talked about how they enjoyed it. It's not for the faint hearted.Not for the easily offended.Nothing is sacred.But that's exactly what made it hilarious, totally up my alley, and probably "ok"? It's equal opportunity bashing and offending!Love, love, love Penny.The show has got something for everyone, comedy, acrobatics, burlesque, cabaret, and hunks! It really reminded me of the movie Moulin Rouge setting and all the highlights of Vegas shows rolled up into one fun and interactive 1.5 hour show.The show is set in a small tent so there really isn't a "bad" seat and really feels cozy. I really hope that this show continues its success but never moves into a large venue! Highlight of my trip and hope to see it again. Traveling show anyone??
5	This is one of the best shows in Vegas, and it's not too expensive!  It is hilariously offensive - and I mean they tastefully offend everyone which makes it fantastic!  The cast is so charismatic, you just want more!  Yes the stage is smaller than the Cirqs, but the acts are just as good, some incredible stuff here!  There are no bad seats in the house, everyone is great being that it is a center stage!  Bars outside are also nice.  This is a definite must for a Vegas Show!
5	This show was exactly what I pictured when I think of Las Vegas, so I was so glad one of my friends recommended it to me. It is raunchy and definitely politically incorrect- but they seemed to target all groups equally- race, gender, political party, orientation, etc. If inappropriate humor bothers you, this probably is not a great show for you. The show itself was full of Acrobatics, mostly nude men and women, dirty jokes to the max! My only complaint is that the chairs are so close together that the large man next to me was practically on my lap for the entire 2 hour show- which was uncomfortable. Wish we had splurged for the more spacious seating. Used an online discount code to save $20 per ticket. Definitely recommend this show!!!
3	I really want to give this show a 2 but the talent segments deserve more. The gazillionaire was pretty funny but his side kick wasn't funny at all. I think she should be changed to a character that you want to hate a little less. I didnt think she was funny at all and frankly detracted from the show. Not the actress, just the character she played. Her jokes were like the cheapest, most low form of comedy where you chuckle bc your uncomfortable or bc the people around you are laughing.I also think I would have enjoyed it more if I hadnt seen zumanity the night before which has the luxury of being in its own custom designed theater with all of the lights and special effects of cirque. It was like Ceasar's wanted their own zumanity but didnt have room so they popped up a tent outside... which by the way is where this is. Then hired interesting talent that were ok being naked and had  lucid absinthe sponsor even though it has nothing to do with the show. I know a lot of ppl enjoyed the show and like I said the "acts" were really good circus type stuff. Some tips- If you buy a premium seat it comes with a split of champagne per person at the ONE bar. Yeah, that one incredibly long line for everyone... except they dont tell you or advertise that premium seat holders have their own entrance through the green telephone booth with their own bar. Ask someone where it is. AND CEASARS! IF YOURE READING THIS PUT UP A DANG SIGN! It is so annoying to wait in line 45 min and then find out you had your own personal entrance bc they turn you away at the general admission line.Also be prepared to not go to the restroom the entire time you are there. 90 MIN. BC there is crap going on all around you for the entire time.
5	What a fun show - I was a little skeptical because of the price and the small venue, but it was everything you want in a vegas show: comedy, stunts, and good production values.  Worth every penny.
5	I've seen most of the mainstream shows in Vegas, and this is my favorite.
4	Definitely an adult show... but sooo so funny for the adults  ;)Full of awesome stunts and cheeky, risque humor.  This show is the one you will find yourself quoting the rest of the trip. The venue is small, and a bit tight... so be prepared to make friends with whoever you sit near.  Also, go with an open mind, and dont take any jokes too personally.  Everyone will get their turn to be poked fun at...  ^_^
4	Best show I've ever been to in Las Vegas.  Vulgar and raunchy comedy which I love the most.  Amazing, extremely talented performers.  The seats are horrible and close together.  I would give this a 5 star no problem but the seating is terrible.  Kind of a long show and my ass was hurting when we left.  If you go, buy the cheaper tickets and sit in the more comfortable seats in the back.  It's a small venue so you wont have a problem seeing the show.
5	Read the reviews, they are 100% accurate.  The people who did not like it were simply at the wrong show for them.  I laughed the entire time.  I was splashed by a sexy singer in a bowl of water, and sat on by the gazillionaire in a speedo!!!! The show will have you in stitches.  Don't take it serious, everyone is equally offended.Penny is awesome.
5	You gotta go and see this show.  I went with a group of friends and everyone really enjoyed it.  Every act and song was better than the one before.  It's kinda of hard to explain the story, but if you want an evening of fantastic entertainment go and run to see it.
5	A fun show in a small venue.  Decided to go at the last minute while sitting in the courtyard in front of Caesars where Serendipity is.  Something for women and men. The acrobatics are pretty awesome and the comedy is truly enjoyable.
5	LOVED this!  It was Cirque mixed with the most vulgar comedy I've ever seen live.  You'll laugh, you'll cry (probably from laughing too much), you'll oh and ah, and you'll feel incredibly awkward for a majority of the show.  And you'll love every minute of it!  Well, unless you get easily offended by any jokes regarding race, sex/sexuality or political affiliation (and c'mon, you know if you do).  Then you should just go see Celine Dion and call it a night.I really liked the fact that it was in a smaller venue (tent right by Serendipity 3 & in front of Caesar's Palace).  I honestly couldn't imagine there being a bad seat in the house.  We paid $80 per ticket (bought at Tix4Tonight) and were somewhere in the middle on the right hand side and found the seats to be more than adequate.  The only time I couldn't see something was when a performer was on a particular spot on the side stage and there was a pole blocking my view.  But no biggie.If you sit in the front be prepared to potentially get horrendously ridiculed.  I feel so bad for some of those people.  And the white guy vs black guy dance off was classic.  Kudos to those that get up and participate in front of everybody!I thought all the acts were incredible.  It was a really good mix of comedy, burlesque, incredible strength, and acrobatics.  I even got a little misty-eyed by the couple that performed to that Christina Perri song A thousand Years.As a sidenote, I can't get over the fact that someone below (Maria O.) gave this a one star review because it wasn't family-friendly.  Are you freaking kidding me?!?  You deserve a one star for your parenting.  Who brings their kids to a Vegas show without first looking into what it's about or if it's appropriate for kids?!   That's your own damn fault, not the performers.
1	My wife and I are open minded and enjoy a raunchy show but this show was stupid and childish. They made sex jokes that were immature and plain stupid. We walked out 35 minutes into the show and requested our money back as we couldn't believe this is a long running Vegas show. If you are going to see a show, trust me, you may need drugs to enjoy this show because it is not entertaining. Offended? No. Just smart enough to know when a show is not enjoyable.
5	Best show I have seen in Vegas!!!  Pee your pants funny!!!  I will say, that the comedy at this show does not hold back, so if the "f" word offends you or if explicit sex jokes offend you, then DO NOT GO TO THIS SHOW.  But otherwise, you will not regret it.  It was soooooo funny.  Has a little bit of everything.  Acrobatic acts, comedy, burlesque....it has it all.  And Penny will leave you doubled over laughing, I guaranty.  Not to be missed.And as for the people who said they took their kids or family to this and were shocked by the vulgarity - are you retarded???  Did you not see the HUGE sign at the door saying this was an ADULT themed show and not appropriate for minors????  You should give 1 star to your own stupidity, not the show.
5	I have seen his a couple of times now. The last time being about a year ago. I was really happy that they changed the format a ton and really was like I had never seen it. Some of the bits were the same, but the overall show was totally changed around. Was hilarious and is something that is hard to explain to someone who hasn't seen it. Great acts! Lots of laughs! I highly recommend!
5	Love love loved it! Very vulgar comedy - which was the most I have probably every truely laughed in my life! The acts were great, a nice variety. It is held in a tent in front of ceasars which looks small and plain. You get inside and it is older wooden decor, mixed and matched pieces, and a distinct older smell - in a good way ... hard to explain. We sat in the front row which makes you a target for being picked on for everyone's enjoyment. If you are in front, you are literally 2 feet from the very small circular stage which is awesome. Every seat is a good seat in this place though. Best time ever. My spouse loved the show as well, and he is as far from a "play, musical, show" going kind of guy as you can get. Conservatives beware...
5	This hands down has to be one of the best shows I've ever seen. I really didn't know what to expect when coming into it except that it's a raunchy Cirque du soleil-esque production and is much better than Zumanity. However, I was more than pleasantly surprised. I laughed so profusely that it turned into a cry-laugh session for the entire show. The humor is raunchy, awkward, dirty and simply quite flipping hilarious. If you're easily offended, however, stay away from Absinthe. It's definitely not for the conservative traditionalists or for the faint of hearts. And the acrobatics is on par with Cirque du soleil productions and is truly outstanding. I remember ooohing and ahhhing several times throughout the various acts. Without giving away too much, it's definitely a show to watch to feel like you've acquired the true Vegas experience - a raunchy acrobatics production that will make you both burst with laugher and jump with awe. Tips: all of the seats in the theater are great so you don't really have to upgrade to the VIP seats like we did. In addition, think twice before sitting in one of the first two rows - you'll most likely get picked on and this isn't the good kind of picked on that you'll want. Enjoy!
3	I'll start with saying that I would give this 4.5 stars if it weren't for the chairs, and how cramped everyone is inside.  So, just b/c of that, I've deducted 1 1/2 stars.  My boyfriend said he'd only deduct 1/2 a star from the 4.5 he also rates this show. The show - very good.  You must be aware that this is a very raunchy, completely NOT PC kind of show.  So, as long as you are cool with the envelope being pushed, then you may enjoy it.  Both my boyfriend and I did not want to see a cirque show.  We already saw all the shows we really wanted to see in the past. So, this trip, we were just a little lost as to what to see since nothing really grabbed us.  I did extensive research in trying to choose a show.  I am happy that i chose Absinthe.   Even reading about the bad chairs, I decided to take a chance.  I wish I would have dished for the cushier seats, but I got the tickets through tix4less, and apparently they just assign seats to you.  Anyway, I thought the show was really good. I just couldn't enjoy it as much b/c of how uncomfortable I was due to the chairs.  The only act I thought was a little lame was the bubble girl.  She was pretty, but there was nothing extraordinary about it.  Both my boyfriend and I enjoyed all the other acts. Oh, and some people on here commented on Penny's voice. Yes, it's shrilly, but it works with the character.  It's supposed to be like that.  We both enjoyed her character.  And also, someone here mentioned taking their little girls to see this show, and then complaining about it.  DUH! shame on that person or anyone else who doesn't do their research first about any Vegas show b/4 taking kids to see it. The chairs - If you sit anywhere but the first 2-3 rows, you sit in very uncomfortable wooden chairs. Not only does your butt hurt, but the back part of the chair was not completely flat. The back consisted of wooden bars, so if you lean back, it felt like the bars were digging in your back.  After about 5-10 minutes, I was already moving around in the chair trying to find a more comfortable position. Did not help.  I would have enjoyed the show so much more if it weren't for the chairs.  I found myself half way through the show wanting it to end just b/c of the chairs.  I should also point out that I have a couple of herniated discs in my lower back, but I spoke to someone else who had the same problem, and she claims that she didn't even remember the chair bothering her.  So, guess I'm just mentioning that b/c I don't want people w/lower back problems to just rely on my post alone for that.The space - yes. very cramped. I got lucky and the chair to my left was empty, so my elbows weren't on someone else's waist.  My boyfriend basically had his arm around me just so he can spread himself across me instead of the person to his right. Perhaps if the chairs were more comfortable but still cramped, I still would have enjoyed the show more, but it wasn't.  I don't know why the show can't just get some cushioned seats, and not have those bars in the back of the chairs.  I should note that there are some seats all the way in the back that have cushion and arm room b/c there were tables.  I didn't know this until I got there.  I was only aware of the cushy seats & tables in the front rows.
5	Absinthe was super fun. I am sure for some the jokes could be offensive, so go in expecting to hear some politically incorrect and irreverent humor. I thought it was the best show I've seen on the strip. It had some fantastic performances and a lot of gut wrenching laughs.I would totally recommend it to anybody who isn't afraid to laugh and be entertained.Fellas, beware of being chosen to perform an onstage lap dance...
5	Wow....entertainment extravaganza!   There are very few shows I'd pay to see twice but this one of them.  Brace yourself for an evening of inappropriate, off-color, irreverent and raunchy humor, jokes and stage acts but it all works.  In fact, despite looking over at my girlfriend a hundred times during the two hour performance with the look of disbelief of what we just heard or saw we both left smiling, laughing and saying "that was so fun!"   Be prepared if you sit in the first few rows of the circular stage that you will most likely get wet but more importantly fear for your life with a few of the stage acts that take place on such a small stage.  If you're thinking of buying one of the more expensive tables close to the stage be prepared to get picked on and included in the show as comic relief for the benefit for all:-).   Note: if you're offended easily or have thin skin this is definitely not the show for you!This is a one of a kind Las Vegas show in a town full of unique, one of a kind shows.  This is a must see Vegas act!
3	I have never been to a Vegas show before because I'm cheap. But, because it was my boyfriend's first time in Vegas, we decided to go to this one. I was not disappointed! The talent is amazing and it was truly hilarious. I felt like it was a great combination of all the choices you have for Vegas shows: A little burlesque, a little comedy, a little acrobatics. The jokes are totally inappropriate and it can get raunchy, so be warned. I took off 2 stars because the chairs were AWFUL. I liked that it was a small space and there were no bad seats, but the chairs themselves were so distracting. They were so uncomfortable, I was fidgeting the whole time to try to find a good position. The people all around me were doing the same thing, so it was pretty distracting about halfway through and I couldn't enjoy the show nearly as much as I would have liked to.
5	Never thought it would be this good!! Amazing performance and they are really funny!! It can get raunchy and inappropriate for some people!!
5	A must see! Loved the show! You have to look past the tent because the in side is decorated very nice. You will be amazed what they can do on that little stage. Out staining show!
4	New rule:  Skip Cirque du Soleil.  Go to Absinthe instead.Seriously, Absinthe is just so much better.  Cirque shows just drown in their own pretentiousness and self-importance.  Absinthe has all the eye-popping feats of acrobatic derring-do found in the Cirque shows, but Absinthe shines since it's also wacky, irreverent, and... self-aware.  It's amazing how much better a Vegas show can be when it stops pretending to be high art and acknowledges its own ridiculousness.  Absinthe has no plot to speak of.  It's really a cabaret/variety show with diverse skits, including Russian strongmen (breathtaking!), German rollerskaters (my favorite!!!), a burlesque girl in a bubble (yawn), some sexy trapeze artists (nice!), and the vocal stylings of Melody Sweets (love!!!).  The skits are interspersed with stand-up by the two hosts -- Penny Pibbets and the Gazillionaire.  Those two have a well-deserved reputation for being raunchy, but they're no worse than Sarah Silverman or any run-of-the-mill drag show.  Some people found them offensive -- and even walked out mid-show! -- but I thought they were hilarious.  Then again, I'm mostly immune to being offended.  (I'm also dead inside.)  FYI... Penny and the Gazillionaire *will* pick on members of the audience.  If the thought of being picked on terrifies you, just avoid buying tickets in the front row.  The venue is small enough that you'll have a good view no matter where you sit.The only negatives about Absinthe have more to do with the venue and less with the show itself.  The show takes place in the Spiegeltent in front of Caesars (next to Serendipity 3), and the place gets miserably hot and cramped.  The rickety wooden folding chairs don't help matters either.  Also, half the audience shows up drunk, and they all scream and hoot at the performers the entire time...which sort of detracts from the experience.  Just let them perform, will ya?Despite all that, Absinthe is worth it.  Who needs Cirque when you have real entertainment like this?!
5	Loved this show! Its like burlesque, a comedy show, and and Circ du Soleil combined. If you're in Vegas and haven't seen it yet, go see it. The absinthe drinks they serve are super tasty too.
5	My first show in Vegas and I've been here like more than 20+ times. It was an EXCELLENT show. My friend who's been to other main stream shows said this was by far the best. I thought it was good because it was smaller, intimate, funny, sexual, lots of good moves, audience engagement, you were at the edge of your seat every time! The performances were very impressive. I was amazed and wonder how they did it... crazzzzy. What a great show! I would write more but you should see it to believe it!!
5	FUNNY! FUNNY! FUNNY! A must see!There are no bad seats and you feel like you are about to be slapped in the face by someone on stage. If you are not uptight and don't mind curse words and insults.#1 show in vegas for me so far...
5	Honestly, I don't think I've ever been so excited to tackle a review!! I've heard good things about Absinthe and it's been on my 'last remaining shows to watch in Vegas; list for awhile. I'd have to say, I truly saved the best for last (or close to last..)!!First off, this is an 18 and up show. Although ages 70+ is allowed, I wouldn't recommend you coming with your g-ma, grand-daddy, mumzy, and papa bear, to this show as a family bonding event. Well, unless they have a great sense of raunchy humor, then lucky for you!! This is most definitely a show for mature audiences. The language used will give the average conservative Stepford family a heart attack. That being said, this show became a personal instant favorite. LOCALS, if you haven't seen this, you really need to! There's a local discount of $20 off regular pricing (I was misinformed and told there was 50% off... darn) If you purchase regular seating, be sure to pick up tickets early because they work off somewhat a 'first come first serve' system. Your seats are determined by how early you pick up the tickets at the box office. So now on to my personal experience. The moment I walked into the tent, I fell in love. I am a sucker for the rustic vintage decor. I felt like I was brought back to the early 1900s of Barnum & Bailey, with its small intimate setting with single bulb hanging lights, random deer head fixtures hanging on the walls, and a small circular stage centered with one spotlight shining down on it to keep the tent somewhat lit. As the show started, it got better and better. I won't go into too much detail, I wouldn't want to ruin it for you like that! The acts were exciting, some typical circus acts, and others with a more creative flair. I liked that they keep the show modern by implementing current music -- I shazammed during the show quite a bit hehe. But the best parts was definitely when the host and his assistant came out in between the acts. My cheeks were so sore by the end of the show cause they were HILARIOUS. This is where the necessity of being a mature audience comes in; lots of bad language, dirty jokes, and stereotypes.One of my most favorite shows in Vegas!!
5	What a great show. I went to see this about 3 months ago with my 2 roommates/best friends, and one's Mom.  I'll be honest, I had NO idea what this show was about.  I've lived in Vegas for a decade, and have seen signs for the show for ages...but I don't see a lot of shows, and I'm on a pretty tight budget.  I had a friend who was involved in the show who comped our tickets.I WILL be going back, and probably paying for front row seats.When we walked in, the "circus tent" like setup (Spiegeltent) was SO unbelivabley cool.   Really, my only complaint about the show is that the seats are SUPER close together...and if you're seated on an end, and someone needs to get into the middle of the row...you are standing up and moving out of the way...the rows and seats are all really close and kind of cramped.  But...other than that issue, there's not a bad seat...I just want the front row so I can be that much closer to the action.The show is definitely not safe for kids, or for those who are easily offended.  Lots of cussing, sex humor and drug references from the hosts (who are HILARIOUS!!!), in addition to some implied sexy time fun stuff in the acts.  (A burlesque dancer in pasties, and two "school girl" acrobats that strip down to their undies and portray a budding "curious" relationship.)I REALLY hope that you all can look past some of the things that you might fine a little offensive to see this show though.The acrobatics are incredible.  Stong men, rollerskates, burlesque girls, tight rope walkers, ariealists, trapeze artist...this show has AS MUCH talent as a Cirque du Soleil show, but none of the weird makeup effects.  Also, GREAT music.  I'm SO glad that I was able to see the show, and can't wait to see it again.
4	Take Cirque Du Soilel style acrobatics, subtract the pretentious music, add an insult comic, compress the acts for time and space and you've got Absinthe. Everything's got a slightly sexual twist. For example, the two female trapeze artists wear schoolgirl outfits instead of leotards but it's more cabaret pasties than strip club (there's no actual nudity, but plenty of explicit body part jokes.)Awesome if you like Cirque, have a bawdy sense of humor, and don't like shows that are too long (or maybe it just didn't feel very long, which is a good thing.)Minus one star for the boring aerialist (all the other acts were awesome) and some occasional moments of uncomfortable "Er wait, that's not actually funny" humor.
5	This show will blow your mind.  I was entertained the entire two hours.  They did some cirque du soleil acts but you got to see them up close which was mind blowing.  The MC/host is hilarious to the point that my stomach hurt.  I love the creativity and the decor.  Amazing show, cannot wait to go again!
5	Incredibly offensive, funny, exciting, and entertaining all at the same time. If you're easily offended or conservative or politically correct then this probably isn't for you - but I loved this show! It's an intimate circus in a small tent where the performers are so close you can literally feel the sweat fly off their bodies. The acts are original in their style and presentation even if you may have seen many of these things in Cirque Du Soliel. What sets it apart is the hilarious comic who  is the MC and who makes a point of offending all races, genders and sexual orientations in the first five minutes. Add to that a deliberate attempt to spice up the acts with a little extra sex appeal and you get a fresh and funny experience you'll laugh about for a long time. I would definitely go again and would even take my parents. But not my grand parents nor my kids. In fact I can't imagine that they let minors into the show.
5	Packs everything from Cirque du Soleil acrobatics, cabaret, hilarious comedy acts all into one incredibly entertaining show.  Jaw-dropping acrobatics acts, all with a little bit of a sexy flair.  The stand up comedy was very blue and seemingly off the cuff making fun of audience members (be warned), and I'm not a big fan of musical numbers, but the girls had amazing voices and other assets ;) as well.  Not topless, but as close as you can get.Well worth the price, they hand out $20 off coupons near the venue during the afternoon as well as you can get the same deal at the discount ticket booths around the strip...don't pay full price.
5	Amazing show! It is a very raunchy but beautiful show that's is NOT for the easily offended person.Outside of the Caesars Palace a giant tent  houses this show, but from the outside you would never know why actually happens on the inside. Inside is filled with a sleazy ringmaster and his "sister" who had many of us in tears as he brought the audience into his comedy throughout the show. His part is really a small number to the entire show, but is one of the most amazing things I have ever experienced combined with acrobatics which were breathtakingly refreshing between each comedy bit.Drinks are offered inside and are priced average compared to other properties. Multiple levels of seating, including a separate VIP  section (a small ticket upgrade open to anyone), have a view of all the action regardless to the seat placement.  My only issue I experienced was the close proximity each chair shared to their neighbor and how if you're paired next to some larger attendees it can be a little nerve racking when fighting to just be able to clap....5 stars this is a MUST EXPERIENCE!
5	OMG this show is a riot. It's sexy, raunchy, hilarious, original, daring and intimate. Open minded people only. They pick on everyone of all shapes, sizes and colors, so those easily offended, please stay home (or get tickets for another show in town.)The performers were all amazing. There is not a bad seat under this intimate tent, so you get to see every aspect of this variety show. The gazillionaire was hilarious!!do it!
5	Fantastic show that lived up to all the reviews I had read on here previous to going. All the performers were extremely impressive, and the gazillionaire had us all laughing hysterically. Highly recommended Vegas show.
5	This show is what Las Vegas is all about. Sexy, raunchy, irreverent, non PC fun.  I had a front row seat to the hilarity and enjoyed every second of the performances.  This show is NOT for children or for the easily offended.  The humor is very raunchy but I had no issue with it.  There really isn't a bad seat in the house and all of the performances were great.  If I were to recommend one show to a friend going to Vegas, this would be it!
5	This show is certainly by far one of the most fun, relaxing and jaw dropping show I've seen anywhere. You need to be open minded and checkout all your isms before going as it does poke fun at everyone and everything, and its quite racy..so avoid the front row seats if you're sensitive.  It's a small intimate venue which makes it seem like and exclusive event. Had a fabulous time and will certainly recommend it.
5	Love, love, love!!!!!!  This show is amazing and the talent is extraordinary.  The two Masters of Ceremonies are incredible!  Their energy is infectious and their quick repartee "looks easy", but that my friends, is TALENT and SKILL!!!!  Oh yes, the beauty and physical strength of the specialty performers is certainly a sight to behold, made even better because of the intimate performance space.  However, if you're easily "offended" by salty language or inappropriate humor you probably won't enjoy the show.  I, of course....ate it up and wanted more!!!! This is a MUST SEE!!!!!
5	Definetly not for the conservative type of person. This show is  definetly a captivating and exciting show that mixes acrobatics, imagination,  and a little raunchyness. Great show and a must see here in Vegas!
5	I really didn't expect to like this show, since it's such a small production compare to other shows in Vegas. I've seen every single Cirque du Soleil's shows in Vegas, and didn't think this show would be able to compare. But I was wrong, this show is very very good. The intimacy of the tent and small stage really made the show better in a lot of ways, which I wasn't expecting at all. Being a long time Cirque du Soleil fan, I really hate to say this. Even though the Cirque du Soleil's shows are all incredible, if you are only seeing one show in Vegas, make it Absinthe. If you can't handle the mildly offensiveness of this show, then Vegas just isn't a great vacation destination for you.
5	so. good. just go.
5	WTF is this show about?! Who gives a shit?! Go see it! You won't regret it. Just don't go with your mom. Or actually, that might be interesting...
5	This show was so entertaining.  I absolutely loved it.  I will see it again when I am in Vegas next time.Do not buy the VIP seats, it is not worth the extra price.  The champagne is awful, I could not drink it.  We paid $40.00 extra to be close to the stage, but next time I will not buy VIP.  All the seats are good, you do not need to pay extra unless you want to be in the front row.
5	What can I say that everyone else hasn't said already?  Well, I have to chime in to add to the awesome..This show is great - close up amazing cirque-style acts, extremely raunchy yet hilarious comedy, and of course a little bit of sex appeal thrown in for good measure.  The night we came we didn't get to see the high-wire act for some reason, but that's ok.  My favorite acts were the aerialists Ming and Alexa (so hot and so graceful!), followed by the two trapeze girls - that one girl was so strong - she was awesome!Anyway, I will reiterate - please don't take anyone remotely conservative to this show, they will definitely not enjoy it.  A minor quibble I have is that the seats are really crammed together.  Also some drunk horrible dude in the seat in front of us was so drunk he spilled his drink all over his shoulder (and thus all over us).  I wish they wouldn't let too-drunk people in.  Oh well.
5	AMAZING! Absolutely loved it!! It's the raunchy, sexy, burlesque version of Cirque. We went because the Cirque show we wanted to see was all sold out and saw an ad for this show in the cab on the way to dinner and I'm so glad we went! The performers are amazing in their acrobatics, but what really sets this show apart is the comedy. It's offensive and vulgar and absolutely piss your pants funny. If you're sitting in the front row, you'll probably get made fun of in some way. But don't worry - they're an equal opportunity offender and will make their way around to all races, ages, genders, religions, political affiliations, and sexual orientations. If you are easily embarrassed or conservative in any way, you probably shouldn't go. Otherwise, this show is an absolute MUST SEE while you're in Vegas!! Just don't take your parents... or do and it will make for some great laughs. Like the girl sitting between her parents in the front row at our show... (to the daughter) "That dick as been in that mouth".
5	Best show, frickin' amazing...not your typical Vegas show. Comedy will have your tummy hurting you'll laugh so much! Its pretty raunchy so if you are a goody goody, go somewhere else.
5	This show was recommended to us by our timeshare and my husband jumped on the suggestion.  I had reservations about it because I wanted to watch the Blue Man Group instead, but hey the show is Cirque Du Soleil and you can't go wrong watching a Cirque show so I happily obliged.Thank goodness the tent is small because you get to see everything up close and personal.  It was really cool seeing the skaters that skate on the drum that close and it was probably my favorite performance.But let me just say this is not your average Cirque performance.  This show is laced with comedy, vaudeville, and acrobats.  It's also not a show you want to be in if you're a reserved church girl like me because for most of the night I was sitting uncomfortably.  AND the host likes to use the audience as part of his show.  Sure enough I get chosen to be a part of his act and at first I tried to play stupid pretending he wasn't looking in my direction.  But I went up anyway because everyone was looking at me and I didn't want to hold up the show.  It was a truly mortifying experience.  He chose two guys to basically do a lap dance for me and I had to choose which one was the best.  Again, I'm a church girl and this totally sucked for me.So as a warning, if you are not ready to be a part of the show, may I suggest something else.
4	A lot of people were turned off by the humor and vulgarity in this show. I was not one of them and found some of the comedy very funny, some of it quite brilliant and borderline genius,The performers are without question world class and your proximity to them makes the spectacle even more remarkable.I also think this is a safety hazard just waiting to happen.Why not 5 stars?Because if you are going to charge 80-$120 for show, you can not leave guests in such a level of discomfort. The chairs are so uncomfortable and the seating is super-tight and im 5'8, 175.
5	We saw this show listed as one of the best shows to see in Vegas so we got tickets. We got front row seats at the tables, they can with a free drink. The acts were amazing! there wasn't a bad seat in the whole place! The two lead characters where fantastic. I won't lie it was a bit racy, but i laughed the whole time! I would recommend this show to all my friends and family and i DEFIANTLY WANT TO GO AGAIN!
2	Took my son for his 21st Birthday and thought he would want to see a topless cabaret show (classic Vegas). I goggled "best topless show in Vegas" and saw the reviews for Absinthe. This was far from topless, they wear pasties and there seemed to be more half naked men on stage than woman. The main characters were funny though.
5	This is one of the best shows I have seen in Vegas or anywhere else. It is not for the faint of heart. Definitely not for kids or those who offend easily. The MCs were hilarious, the acts were interesting and talented.
4	Hilarious! I took my boyfriend for his birthday and we had a great time. The only reason I give it 4 stars and not 5 is because the wood folding chairs were super uncomfortable. I think for a show that is $100 + per ticket they could do better than that.Warning: if you are easily offended by sexual or crude humor, or have no sense of humor, this show is not for you. The look on some of the more uptight people's faces however, was priceless and added to the fun of the show :)Also, if you sit in the front row, expect to get splashed. The seats further back are fine, everything is visible and there isn't a bad seat in the house.
4	You aint in Kansas anymore!  This show is alternates between amazing acrobatic feats, some clever humor, and downright vulgar.  Friend and I thoroughly enjoyed the show, but I'm only giving 4 stars due to uncomfortable seats.  Fortunately for us people seating next to (read on top of) us were really friendly and not too large.
5	Fan-freaking-tastic. I was skeptical given it's name and temporary looking tent in front of Ceasar's make it seem like a lame attempt to impersonate a Cirque show. Turns out, this is one of the most entertaining shows I've ever seen. The jokes were hi-larious, the acts entertaining feats of physical prowess and the music/lights perfectly designed to suck you into the show. We even Shazamed a few songs to get them for ourselves later. I'd see it again in a heartbeat.Pro tip: There are sometimes guys handing out $20 off coupons near the tent the day of the show. Pick up one of those and buy at the box office to save a whole heap of cash.
4	This was an awesome show!! The comedy was hilariously offensive. I often felt guilty laughing but I couldn't help it. If you can't take a joke then don't go.  They definitely pick on you. The acts were breathtaking. Very impressive. And even in the cheap seats you are only 10 feet away from the performers.  I'm so very glad we went. My only negative is that the seating sucked. Wooden folding chairs cable tied together. We had no choice but to become VERY intimate with our neighbors. A definite must see!
5	I would give this show six stars! We heard of the show only by walking by the tent and someone handed us a discount card... I read the yelp reviews and they were mostly positive so we said "what the hell"... Soooooo glad we did... This show is AMAZING! I laughed so hard I was crying, I had to take my glasses off to keep wiping my eyes. This show is NOT for the conservative, homophobic, or those that are sense of humor challenged. The show pokes fun at all stereotypes in a really funny way, so you have to be willing to laugh at yourself a little. The performers are breathtaking. Because the tent isn't that large, every seat seams intimate and right on top of the performance. The music that each performance is choreographed to is perfect, and the singing numbers are original and amazing. I'm not much of a gambler or party'er anymore but I would come back to Vegas to see Absinthe again. I whole heartily agree with the Huff post review "if you only see one show in Vegas, see Absinthe"
5	Every show in Vegas seems to bill itself as the "can't miss show in town." In my opinion, if you really could only see one show in Vegas, I would recommend Absinthe over and over. It's not for everyone as the hosts are very dirty, but if you have that same sense of humor, your abs will hurt the next day from laughing so hard. The circus tent is small, but that means every seat in the house provides great views. The acts are incredible, and more than once my jaw dropped open at what I was seeing take place. I usually don't feel like I need to see a show more than once, but I would see Absinthe at least three more times.
4	There's basically three elements to Absinthe:burlesqueacrobaticscomedyIn my opinion, the acrobatics are the highlight.  You won't see high-wire finesse up so close anywhere else.  The death-defying moves on trapeze and terrifying balancing acts are truly worth the price of admission alone.As for the burlesque portion of the show, it's definitely clever, sexy, and at times raunchy.  If you're looking for a creative striptease up-close, Absinthe certainly delivers.  There is no nudity per se, but it gets incredibly close.  Even the acrobatic elements have a sensual/sexual side to them.Aaaaand that brings us to the comedy.  Most will either love it or hate it because it is raunchy, politically-incorrect humor centering on jokes about peoples race, religion, sexual orientation, politics, etc.  Although I wasn't offended and laughed at a good portion of the jokes, it became a tired act after awhile.  It was like, "okay, you've made fun of group X for the umpteenth time now, do you have any new material?" I wouldn't recommend Absinthe for the easily offended, but if you've got thick skin and don't mind jokes about 'Nazis killing Jews' or 'gay men having anal sex' then you'll get through the show just fine and probably enjoy it.
5	I missed my calling in life. I totally should have been a burlesque dancer. So as devastated as I am about this, I'll continue to be one in my dreams and in the privacy of my own home. That being said, if I could create a dream world this would be it. Profanity, pretty people practically naked, sparkly costumes and heels, humor that makes you blush, champagne, dancing, acrobatics, great music, and one adorable secret VIP door that is a London phone booth! Like I sad before, what life should be like 90% of the time. I haven't laughed that hard in ages...probably months. My abs were hurting. I couldn't breathe. Tears were streaming down my face. It was magnificent. Another confession...when I'm at a show and they are picking audience members out...I have to be chosen. I have to be involved. Maybe it is because I'm an only child but thank heavens we were in the VIP table area right by the stage because I need interaction. It's OK, you can judge me. I judge myself sometimes. Word to the wise, some of the interaction can be mortifying so if you blush easily, stay away from the first couple of rows. But if you are a complete attention hog, you're going to want (read: must) sit in the front. Also, if you are easily offended, might not want to come here. They definitely push the envelope. I wasn't necessarily offended but certainly grossed out...mostly when Penny took the stage. Puppet sex? No, thanks. Not quite my cup of tea. (But I respect their artistic right to do so.)I never want to see a show or movie twice (What's the point?) but this one...well, this was so good that I could watch it again...and probably will.
5	LOVED IT!If you are offended by racial jokes that clearly plays on well understood stereotypes, this is not for you. Yes, I'm Asian and everyone there knows the jokes were jokes and we're all intelligent people.The show is FANTASTIC! Really enjoyed it.
5	Incredible!!! The acts were hilarious and majestic. But certainly not for the easily offended!
5	THIS IS ABSOLUTELY THE BEST SHOW I"VE EVER SEEN  !!! If you are in Vegas you cannot miss Absinthe !!! It is incredibly vulgar and offensive !! I have never laughed so hard, ended up hitting my boyfriend a bunch of times because I couldn't breathe from laughing so much.  The acrobatics are insane, I was very impressed.If you are conservative, save your money, this show is NOT for you.  This show is NOT family friendly.  Go to La Reve which is the most boring show I have ever seen, should be 65+ !! GO SEE ABSINTHE !!
5	absolutely hands down the most entertained Ive ever been~ I wish the show went on for hours and hours! I cant wait to go back! Not a bad seat in the house and the cast is athletic and gorgeous!  Don't leave Vegas without seeing this show!
5	First, if you cant deal with raunchy content or language, then don't go, simply put. If you are offended easily, don't go.The venue is very small, you are literally right by the stage. Even the farthest seats away are close. The show is intense, funny as heck and well worth the money. One of the best shows I have ever seen with its comedy and its acrobats. You will love it. The things that these people do on chairs, roller skates, with hand puppets and much more will have you amazed and laughing your butt off.Go see it.
5	What a great show! Careful though it's not a show for the folk who easily get offended by off-color jokes and non politically correct comments. The revue is long overdue with the glut of cirqe de solei venues on the strip. It's a nice mix of acrobatics, raunchiness, and just plain fun. Situated in a tent just outside Cesar's Palace makes a cool place for the show. it's like going to a circus without the boring horses and not funny clowns, but filled with lots of adult oriented jokes instead.
5	Over 600+ Review, I'll try and keep mine to the point!-Box Office located outside in the courtyard, look for the Absinthe Tent-Two Shows per night, 7:30 & 9:30PM (Dark on Monday+Tuesday)-Expect to pay a minimum of $100 after all the fees-No discount at actual box office -Discount tickets available at 'Tickets 4 Tonight'; average $80 total-No entrance into the tent till 5 minutes before the show-Located on Cesar Palace's ground-Well ventilated, no worries on freezing or heating up-9:30PM show ends around 11PMWhat makes Absinthe so great is the overall show. The transition with the comedic sketches, burlesque singing, and the circus acts makes this show the most entertaining in Vegas so far! The intimate setting also puts Absinthe a step above all the Cirque Du Soleil Show. They do some audience participation in the show, so front row....BEWARE. You'll get what you paid for! I'm not going to go into all the details of the show, just check out the photos and you'll get the general idea.Photos were permitted, just no flash photography. Absinthe is definitely a must and a show I would recommend; definitely refreshing after all the other shows I've seen in Vegas. Till the next act, ciao!
5	So much fun, amazing performances! Unique and hilarious!!!! Can't wait to see it again, highly recommend. Only con is the uncomfortable wooden chairs....but if you drink enough before the show, you probably wouldn't notice ;-)
5	GREAT show. Hands down the best show in Vegas. Though, it's not for people who are easily offended.
5	One of the best and coolest shows I have ever seen...and I LOVE shows!! The decor is amazing, music is good, acrobats beyond talented and comedy is so raunchy I felt like I had to take a shower after!! This is well worth the money! I can't wait to come back and see it again!!
4	Like most Yelpers, I consider myself to be a cultured and well educated person. When I dropped in to see Asinthe, my culture, education and refined awareness were quickly gobbled up and spat out by the raunchy ringmaster who isulted everyone who was seated within spitting distance. Of course, the crowd f'n loved it. Later, when the "Bubble Girl" made her appearance and tap danced, topless (with red bow pasties), inside of a jumbo bubble I caught myself pondering whether nudity was really art? .... (a lie). I really wished I was stoned so I could ponder (with requisite deep thought) how Angel Porrino got into the that human size balloon without popping it.If you're a married guy, you might say you want to see Absinthe because you wanna see the ringmaster give people a verbal ass kicking and watch some dangerous circus high wire/trapeze stuff. But really, you're just curious to see what the whole bubble girl thing is all about (in the interest of art). I think this show has a little bit of something for everyone.
5	This show is fantastic. I'm still thinking about it 2 days later. Though it is certainly not for children, I found the comedy to be hilarious and well executed. This is Vegas at its best, and I cannot recommend it highly enough.
5	Totally worth the $100+ ticket!  Its like seeing a Cirque du Soleil show sitting on the stage without the crazy French stuff and insert bawdy jokes.  Imagine a woman being swung around by her feet by a guy on roller skates only 3 feet from your face... Sounds dangerous, yes but also thrilling!If you get the VIP (1st or 2nd row tickets), you get your own little bottle of champagne to enjoy during the show.  But the theater is tiny, so any seat in the house is excellent.
5	Absinthe is the best show I've been to in Vegas - fun location under a circus tent, awesome vibe inside, a great view from everywhere. The MC will have you laughing your ass off, and the acts are sexy, awe-inspiring, and incredible...I sort of want to go learn trapeze now.. :-PIf you're sensitive to partial/ basically full nudity, strong language, and raunchy comedy...this show might not be for you. If you do go, I recommend Tix 4 Tonight, which usually has them for around $75-$80. There really is something for everyone at this show - I recommend it for literally anyone visiting Vegas. Grab a couple drinks before you head in, and have an amazing time!
5	If you are going to Vegas for a good show, this is the ONE!  It is a raunchy burlesque/Cirque show.  I am not going to say to much as I don't want to give the show away. The vibe was great, the dancers were great.  There is nothing bad to say about this show.  BRAVO!!!!!!  **Do buy your tickets at the 1/2 price booths to save some $$ for any shows in Vegas!!
4	Show is for adults only. Really funny and raunchy. Every seat in the house is good unless you're short and sitting behind a tall person. Definitely a must see while you're in Vegas!
5	Take a great CdS show, put on by a bunch of very talented and beautiful  friends (of yours), stage it in your living room,  and toss in an outrageous pair of MCs. The athletics are at once down to earth and amazing. The jokes are hilarious and as down to earth as you can get. Two tips. Seating is tight, try for an aisle. If you're a guy and in the front row, don't show up with two other guys all wearing plaid shirts
5	I absolutely loved this show.  Upon entering the tent I felt immediately transported to another time and place.  The eclectic gypsy-esque tent does not have one bad seat.  Everyone has a great view.  Attention to every last detail is given in his show.  Temperature, smell, lighting, decor, employees, and even down to the performances.   There was not one single flaw or mistake.  Go see this show!!!!!  It's amazing!
5	Hands down, the best show I have seen in Vegas...and I have seen a lot of shows.  I've been many Cirque Du Soleil shows and this was my favorite.  The acts are very similar except you get to be way closer.  The tone is very raunchy, so don't see this with your parents.  There is a lot of sexual innuendo.  A couple of the acts are semi-topless (with just nipple covers).  If you don't like that, you won't like this show.  Seating: VIP seating in the front is stupid.  You spend most of the night looking up.  The VIP seating in the back is way better.  I recommend the VIP2 section in Row T7.  They are on a raised platform with tables and chairs.  They have the best seats in the house.  Since this event is so intimate already, you don't need to spend more money to get closer.  I got seats in row G.  We sat in seats 28 and 29 (by the side).  We had bomb-ass seats.  I would choose these seat again.  Why?  Because row G is the first row that is elevated.  All the rows in front of us were directly in front of each other (no raised seating).  So, if there is someone tall in front of you, you are screwed.  Also, our seats were on the side.  This was really important because the wooden seats are small.  I'm small, so this wasn't a problem for me.  But if your party has guys, you may want to look for the seats in the very back or the seats with tables.  You will be way more comfortable.  Believe me.  You will regret it if you get stuck in the middle of a row.  By the way, the chairs are tied together...so no moving them.  Also, keep in mind that the set up of the chairs on their website may not be exactly what you get inside.  When I brought my tickets, it appeared that I brought my ticket in a group of just three chairs.  Not so.  Our group of three chairs were squished with the other seats next to it.  Our seats also had no one in front of us.Location:  Located in the Roman Plaza of Caesars Hotel.  It's literally on the left side of the front entrance of Caesars.  It's outside in a tent.  Don't worry, its not cold inside.  But, it was butt-cold outside.  Our 9:30pm show started a little late.  Oh, and when the show is about to start, they will line you up in two lines.  Just get in the shorter line.  They try to put you in a line that is closer to the side with your chairs.  Its all the same.  Just get in the shorter line to get in.  They won't question you.  The two lines merge anyways...right after you enter the doors.  Show:  Awesome, entertaining...very similar to Cirque Du Soleil but less formal.  I would totally recommend this show to you over Cirque Du Soleil.
5	Funniest show ever. Tight seating arrangement, but worth it. Will see it again and again.
5	I swear this is the best show I've ever watched and I've watched almost every show. I recommend this to everyone! I was seriously laughing out loud the entire time! I like the way the tent is set up too it's very intimate and theres not a bad seat in the tent. I beg you people! Go watch this show now!
5	This might be the best show in Vegas! I've seen a lot of shows here, and a lot of Cirque shows. This show has it all! It's set in a very intimate tent outside of Caesars Palace. From what it seems, all seats are good seats! We sat in row F and never had trouble seeing what was going on. All the acts are amazing in their own way and I found myself gasping slack jawed several times. Ladies are absolutely gorgeous and talented! It's raunchy and hilarious and full of sexual jokes and foul language. I loved it! Go see it! I would highly recommend this to anyone, as long as you aren't a prude!
5	Best show in vegas! Watch it! If you don't have a sense of humor, you're the type to take things serious or you're just a boring person, then don't watch it. This show was so hilarious I almost peed in my pants!
5	The show was worth every penny! I'm just sad I didn't have enough to buy my cousins and brothers tickets. I ended up going just me and my boyfriend. I was excited as soon as my boyfriend and I walked in. They set a fun, intimate atmosphere. Lucky for us, we got bumped up to front row seats..the stage was only a few arm lengths away. It was crazy seeing what these performers can do. I can hardly pick a favorite act because it was all so good. The humor in between acts is very crass and vulgar- if that isn't your thing, maybe don't go... Myself, on the other hand was laughing my ass off like crazy. You go from laughing your ass off to being totally mesmerized in the acts. The performances are truly beautiful and sexy and mind blowing.
5	So many people have told me to watch this show and I'm glad I finally did! This show is amazing!!! Both hilarious and entertaining at the same time - Tears were rolling down my face at one point from all the laughing! This show in not for everyone, so definitely go in there with an open mind and get buzzed, have a drink & loosen up! Every seat inside the tent is a good seat - It's a small stage, but they manage to do so much on there it's incredible! I'd love to see this show again & again & AGAIN!
5	This is everything you want in a Vegas show. You have a raunchy comedy duo, acrobatic insanity, a sultry female singer and some.... suggestive themes.The tent set out outside of Caesar's is actually as small as it looks so you can't get far from the action. The back section is elevated to don't skip this one if you are looking to save a little money by getting some discounted tickets. If you get too close to the front, be prepared to be part of the act and you better have a good sense of humor. If you're like me and went to yelp to decide which show to see, this is definitely the one you want.
5	Holy crap, holy crap, holy crap!!!! I had no idea what I was getting into when I bought the tickets. It sounded more interesting than any other show in Vegas and more entertaining and it was!  No matter where your seats are you feel as if you're in the middle if the action. If your in the front row be careful, you will get picked on and if you get out if your seat you're in danger of being hit by the action. I don't think I've laughed so hard in a long time. It helps that I'm a fan of dirty humor. I would advise that if you're sensitive or have no sense of humor then save your money and see a family friendly show.
4	People who watch Absinthe should have a high tolerance for racist/political/no-holds-barred humor - especially if you're buying the seats near the center stage. There were definitely a few in the audience that were more conservative, and it was amazingly entertaining to see how uncomfortable they were.The show is a great mix of acrobatics and burlesque with a fun series of acts strung together well by transitional comedy skits. Everything felt polished and put together, and the unique set-up of an intimate circular tent with seating surrounding a center stage meant that almost every seat had a great view. At a little over an hour, it did feel a bit short, but overall great. I saw both Zumanity and Absinthe and prefer Absinthe by a large margin. Check out the Tix4Tonight booths scattered throughout the strip for cheaper tickets if you're not planning on booking ahead of time (our discount was ~30%) for a 10 minute wait in line.
4	My friend described this show as cirque du soleil meets Rocky Horror Picture Show and I couldn't agree more. There are almost bare naked girls, acrobatics, stunts, etc. Most of all the host is Extremely funny. He will curse, make lots of provocative jokes, racist jokes (all in good fun though). He'll poke fun at caucasions, hispanics, asians, you name it. If you are conservative and traditional, please save us the scowl face and don't go!
5	Hands down best show I have ever seen and I've seen plenty. Would definitely go see this again. Lots of laughs and amazing acts. Didn't want the show to end. The venue is very intimate which makes for an amazing experience
1	"Raunchy" is the most accurate description. Absinthe means "strong and bitter."After seeing this, we were shocked by the ratings of 4 & 5. The four of us agreed this was the raunchiest of shows and the humor was mean-spirited to the point that it was not enjoyable. My husband and I have seen many shows; the two people we attended with have seen most of the shows (as they live in LV). The "humor' was a lot about body parts and body fluids. We could not understand why the ratings were so high. We then realized that for the 20's, young, juvenile humor, drinking crowd this was great. (Look at the photos that accompany the ratings . . most very young.) The acrobatics were good, not great. The seats were uncomfortable, wood, folding-type chairs. Pay attention to the reviews, the term 'adult humor' words is not used because it is too mild of a term. Terms 'perverted' and 'dirty humor' were used for good reason. If you enjoy okay acrobatics, the lowest form of reality television, raunchiness, and humor based on ethnicity, sexual orientation, degrading others, and race, this is the show for you. If you expect great talent and an adult humor, burlesque-like show, pass on Absinthe.I should have looked up the meaning of the word before attending, "Absinthe:  a green alcoholic drink that has a very strong and bitter flavor; green liqueur which is flavored with wormwood, anise, and other aromatic herbs and commercial production of which is banned in many countries for health concerns."  The show is "strong and bitter". Even if we did enjoy the humor, the tickets would have been over-priced based on the talent levels.
5	We literally ran across Las Vegas Blvd then ran around Caesar's trying to get tickets and get into the show in time because we just decided about 10 minutes before the show started that we wanted to go.  Luckily they still had some seats in the back row, which is only the 8th row, so we were still pretty darn close to everything.  The theatre is round, it was very cozy and much different from any other Cirque show I have ever seen.I won't spoil the plot aspects at all but the show is hilarious, involving lots of poking fun at various members of the crowd.  I was really blown away by the acrobatics, we also saw Zumanity and although that was impressive, Absinthe really blew it away.I often shy away from spending a lot of money on show tickets but this one is worth it.
4	First,  there were no available tickets for cirque shows so this was just our second choice, and we were glad we opted to watch Absinthe. Second, we got a discounted price from the tix for tonight booth. The show is held in the tent in front of the caesar's palace, a small, intimate location. The stage is at the center and up close no matter where you sit. The acts and performance are all great, HILARIOUS, crazy, raunchy, and very funny. I never laughed this hard that I almost passed out!!! The only reason why im taking one star off is because of uncomfortable seating - small wooden chairs so close and cramped up to each other. But overall, Absinthe is very entertaining!
3	I love the acts by the various acrobats, but hated the ringmaster and Dorothy because they were annoying as hell. I think they over did it with all the F-bombs and stupid jokes. The various acts were interesting and some were quite breathe taking. I'm not sure if I'd come back again though.Regarding seats, there's no real bad seats, but I do recommend you sit up in the first row. You'll get picked on and what not and it's funny.
5	One of the best shows I've ever seen! I was totally entertained the entire time. The only complaint I had was that the specialty drinks they were walking around and selling were full of whiskey, and I hate that stuff. BUT! There was a bar where you can get whatever you want. :) I had an amazing time, and so did everyone I went with! I will see it again and again. ~Rachael
5	Love, Love, LOVE this show. Intimate setting, excellent decor, costumes, music. The ambiance was spot on. If I were a gazillionaire and someone put together a dream performance for me this would have been spot on! Various acts, F bombs, totally off color but the performers being so close adds a WOW factor that I haven't found with my other Vegas shows. There is nothing PC in this show so if that is a problem skip it. I picked up my discount ticket day of show when the box office opened at noon. My hotel concierge told me it was sold out but I walked over anyway. Very glad I did. Got an excellent single seat and graciously accepted the discount cards they were handing out in front of tent.
5	I've been a few Cirque shows and I was still blown away by the power and beauty of all the acts!  It's true what they say in all the reviews and there is no bad seat since each the tent is so intimate.  There's plenty of f*bombs, gay jokes, nudity, and the word "penis" being shouted so if you're faint of heart this show is not for you. 5 stars for the breathtaking acts and humor.
4	This show is really fun and the acts are amazing!  The variety of performances were very entertaining.  I was truly amazed at the beautiful performers and the acrobatic skill. I laughed so hard I nearly cried !   The soundtrack to the show was really well put together; I especially liked that they played songs by Christina Perri and Tegan & Sara.  A bit about the show: even if you are not offended easily,  you could be pushed a bit to the limit.  I did not enjoy the fact that the show was geared so much towards the male audience and that only one of the male performers was really nice looking, as the majority of the female performers were exceptionally beautiful.  The use of negative racial "humor' was quite extensive.   Still this show is not to be missed!
5	Fantastic show! Ambiance was great. Actors were engaging and circus acts were out of the world.  Everything you'd expect in a Las Vegas show and more.  One of my favorite shows that I've seen in Las Vegas!
5	Wow, stunning in every sense of the imagination. Just a word to the wise though, if you're easily (or even not so easily offended) AVOID this show... Strong sexual content, strong language, strong racial undertones (and overtones) I mean this show is simply offensive in every sense of the word. But tastefully so, it's laugh out loud funny! What's even better, is the comedy is used to get your heart out of your chest after you've just watched some mind bending "cirque" type stunt... Atmosphere of the tent, yes it's a tent, is intimate and exciting. If you don't want to be "in the show" DO NOT SIT in the first three rows... you will be ridiculed, called on and probably moistened by the water in some of the acts. Would I see this show again? Yes. No Question. Would I see it a third, fourth and fifth time? Yes, yes and yes. Spend the money, take the time, check this show out.
5	My wife and I went to the Friday show and my face still hurts from laughing so much. I would recommend this show to any number of my friends. Although if you have a stick up your butt or your feelings get hurt easily don't go! The humor is raunchy and male locker room style, The gazillonaire made fun of everyone and I fit the bill on most of them, but if you cant sit back and laugh at yourself once in awhile than whats the point!If your into Porky's style of comedy than this is the place for you. Keep up the good work guys
5	Read the reviews and was hoping for a good show. We were blown away with the mix of talent and humour, it was side splitting funny and awe inspiring. If you got to one show and you don't mind adult humour then this is it. Absolutely incredible!
5	Excellent show!
5	I feel the need to start this review by saying that I'm not skilled enough a writer to describe Absinthe with any justice. It's a 90 minute whirlwind experience that takes you from laughter to terror in an instant, over and over again. You will be disoriented, amazed, and probably a little horny after watching it. I such certainly was!Being so close the stage had me awestruck during most of the acts. One in particular actually had me wishing to had bought into cheaper section. The crazy German roller skaters scared the living daylights out of me. I instinctively slide down into my seat during one of their stunts, because I feared what might happen to me if the woman slipped out of the rope. Honestly the little inebriated I felt at the beginning of the act was gone by the end. Scared me sober!!I've never laughed so hard than at the jokes being rattled off at a dizzying rate by the MCs. Everything you think but just could never utter is the punchline to every joke. In you sit in the front row, be prepared to confront your personal stereotypes in a very theatrical way. No one in that section is safe. The only way I could help to prepare you is to warn that if you are a heterosexual male, do NOT sit next to male. You will be gay for the rest of the show if you do, and the actors will give you an extreme, Las Vegas, gay experience throughout the show. I could go on and on, but I don't want to spoil it for you! Just get your ticket and go see Absinthe for yourself. You will most likely walk away just as I did and wonder how any other show could top it.
5	Wow! An equal opportunity offensive ribald vaudeville meets Cirque show! Definitely worth the $ and discounts can be had at Tix4tonight! Only complaint, seats are really hard
5	This is an absolutely incredible show!  I've been to Vegas numerous times, so I knew I didn't want another Cirque show, I wanted something different and fun.  Not that cirque shows aren't amazing - they are- but this is so beyond a cirque show, I'm in awe.  When I read all the reviews, a part of me was nervous that this was going to be typical, middle-america humor that wasn't actually that funny (think Leno).  But, it is absolutely one of the most hilarious shows I have ever been to and I laughed until I cried.  In fact, that's what you remember the most, laughing.  The acts are great, really, but if you've seen cirque shows, you've seen these types of acts (girl in fabric, high wire, etc.).  Oh, except the roller skaters - you've never seen anything like them and they will blow your mind!!!!  Outrageous!!  And, the "performance piece" by Penny and Mr. Gazillionaire will make you never think of the song, "I Will Always Love You" the same way again.  The host of the show, Mr. Gazillionaire and his co-host, Penny are some of the funniest people I've ever seen live.  Yes, people in the audience are ridiculed, mercilessly and hilariously.  And, yes, some of the jokes are easy, but the cast is so skilled, witty and sharp that every joke lands, every stereotype joke gets a new twist. It is truly no holds barred.   Would I take my mother to this show?  No, I wouldn't.  There are a lot of hard core sex jokes and curse words all over the place.  I know it would be too much for her.  But, for me and my husband, it was the perfect end to our Vegas trip.  See this show if you want some entertainment that is outrageous, hilarious and like nothing Vegas has ever had, in my opinion.  We sat in Row G and it was perfect because we were away from the stage so we didn't get ridiculed, and we were on a riser vs. just on the flat floor.  See this show.  It is awesome.
5	Our last night in Vegas, my wife and I were undecided on what to do.  Being a frequent visitor to Vegas, I've seen most of the Cirque shows and some of the other more popular ones.  I remember seeing the advertisements for this show some years ago before it opened, and it didn't seem to interest me, being that you can see the "big top" arena just outside Ceaser's and the ads made it seem like "circus' acts.  But after reading the reviews online and the fact they gave $20 off for military (regularly $99).  We decided to go see it.  We were not disappointed.  What a great show.  If you're offended by nudity (pasties), racial stereotype jokes, homosexuality, I would stay clear of this show.  Also, if you don't like being picked on (especially if you're of an ethnic race) stay away from the front row.  5 STARS for the comedy aspect of it.  The MC and his "assistant" make this show what it is.  Simply hiliarious.  4 STARS for the "acrobatics" aspects, while most of the acts are things you have seen before at other shows, the fact it's done on a stage smaller than most people's living rooms is pretty amazing.  4.5 STARS for the "entertainment" part of it (singing, sexuality, etc.).  There are 3 different price structures, Front row (around the stage), tables along the back wall, and general seating.  All seats are assigned, but they do cram you in there as the place is small but there a no bad seats, the stage is in the center so it really doesn't matter where you sit.    We were able to buy tickets at the window 1 hour prior to the show on a Sunday night.  Though it was pretty full there were still some empty seats.  Also, we overheard some people complaining that they purchased tickets through ticketmaster online via the Ceasar's website and were charged quited a bit MORE than what they would have paid by just buying at the window.
5	I heard about how raunchy it is. I heard that the jokes and lines were all re-used. I heard about the whole "getting picked on".. but never did I imagine I would experience it. Didn't help that I sat in a row of asians so definitely stood out and got picked on. Getting one of our group members picked to go up on stage was also a delight. I think that made the show that much more entertaining.If you book with a group you can get VIP seating + champagne. Not too shabby and the seats were pretty close to the front. I sat second row from the front and I know that if any of those acts messes up I would probably get kicked in the face.I think 1 or 2 acts were kind of boring (as in I've seen them in plenty of other shows) and some other ones were incredible.All in all definitely worth watching and it is a lot more entertaining than some Cirque shows.
5	I'm not generally one for a show, but wow, Absinthe was absolutely incredible. Hysterical, impressive, just a great deal of enjoyment.Absinthe is about half raunchy comedy and half acrobatics/gymnastics. None of the acts stretch on too long and so it's a good mix although most skits are totally distinct form each other, there really aren't any transitions. But the comedy is great; it's all raunchy comedy and I honestly hadn't heard the jokes before. There's some good audience participation in certain skits and the actors adapted well to their choice of participants. The acrobatics are also very impressive. I actually preferred a lot of Absinthe's routines to what I've seen at Cirque. Whereas cirque is so abstract and disconnected and you can only see it from afar, Absinthe is right in your face because the theater is so small. You can see the individual muscles bulge on some of the performers as they go about their routine which just makes it all the more impressive. The intimate theater is the ideal setting for such a show. Some advice on going. Buy tickets early, but find a discount code online or a discount retailer, there are plenty out there (travelvegas, etc). The earlier you buy a ticket the closer to the front of your section your seats will be. Also, as I said, the intimate setting is incredible so either go for the front row or at least general seating. If you opt for the cheaper tables at the back, you just won't get the full experience.
5	Incredible funny and entertaining. Full of fabulous tricks and amazing performers. A word to the wise, if you are easily offended stay clear. They don't hold back in the slightest. They make fun of every topic possible. Politics, race, sexuality... They are all addressed and made complete fun of. This is an adult show for sure. Highly sexual and does include some very minimal costumes aka the women are in almost nothing. I came to see this with a friend if mine and completely intend on bringing my husband to see it. Highly recommend.
5	Excellent!!! 90 mins of laughterHighly recommend this show...only something you would see in Vegas!
5	This is just my type of show... raw, raunchy and "dont give a fuck" attitude...The gazillionaire and Penny made the show for me. Laugh your ass off hilarious... the part when Penny comes out with her sock puppets, Oscar worthy!We bought tickets from tix4tonight for $80 instead of the $99 at the box window
3	Great show, awful venue. It is ok to try to make it cozy, but... the stuck together fold up, no cushion chairs? Not acceptable! Plain old disrespectful to people's money
5	PennyThe GazillionairePenny's Sock PuppetsYou don't need to understand it now. You'll have your "ohhhh" moment when you're falling out of your seat from laughing so hard. That is, if you're ok with raw, dirty humor....and a bunch of stereotypical racist jokes. Definitely not your typical Vegas variety show. I won't lie, a few of the acts were a bit slow but Penny and The Gazillionaire really turn things back around with a raunchy quickness. "If you're uncomfortable by words like f@ck or sh!t then this isn't the f@ckin show for you."Oh Gazillionaire, how you underplayed that. Well done, sir, well done.
4	Without a doubt, this is one of THE most entertaining shows I've seen here! If you're looking for comedy, talent, amazement, raunchiness, and an overall memorable show, this is definitely the one for you.  Each segment is so fun to watch and awe-inspiring.  There are so many laughs to be had but not if you're overly P.C. or uptight, LOL.  My biggest complaints are the price (one of the more expensive shows I thought) and the seats.  The day we went the seating consisted of different sizes/shapes/types of folding chairs. My husband and I actually switched seats because his folding chair was too small for him... I've read that, in other shows, they have consistent seating with wooden chairs but they don't sound much more comfortable. Since we went for a birthday celebration we considered getting the upgraded (VIP) tables.  Small tables with slightly bigger folding chairs, LOL.  So glad I didn't upgrade. Right now you can get $25 off if you enter keyword "local" when you buy your tickets. Upgraded seats aren't included with the discount.  Get your tickets and get ready for the funnest 90 minutes of show watching you will have in Vegas!
5	Crazy awesome aerial shenanigans with filthy jokes? If that's not Vegas I don't know what is.Also, the roller skating duo was probably one of the best things I've ever seen... And maybe will ever see. Don't want to get into too much detail and give anything away, but go. Go now. Just don't sit up front if you're not into heckling or have a fear of decapitation. Also have some drinks before and arrive early to queue up! Be ready to be amazed.
4	Under the tent in a throwback setting designed to transport you back 150 years while while escorting you into a celebration of appreciation for humanity and creativity, Absinthe unfolds quickly and candidly. Actors, acrobats and audience partner to generate laughter and surprise. It's a side-splittingly funny script, a bit of lovely choreography suspended above the stage and on a high wire, and pee-your-pants laughing while pointing at the-poor-guy-in-that row improv. I saw it tonight and I'd go again right now if I could. Four and a half stars would be my rating, if Yelp offered the option. The little complaint we have is the role of Shelly, whose singing is not great, and who's songs' purposes are not clear (except as filler, and Penny is written for this, so why do we need Shelly?)
2	Great circus acts mingled with gratuitous vulgarity and verbal pornography. This show proves H. L. Mencken right. "Nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public."In my estimation, the audience was split between those who tolerated the vulgarity to see brilliant acrobatics and demonstrations of strength, and those to whom Mencken was referring. Not recommended for anyone with any sensibilities.
4	Show is absolutely fantastic. Great show & great skits.. highly recommended. Only suggestion I would def. Give is to purchase the upgraded seats for the additional $25.. trust me you'll be glad you did... If your the type to get offended by swears and vulgarity this show might not be for you... def. Made for 18+.. Alot of funny sexual contents...
5	Zumanity without the training wheels or censor. Amazing acts considering it's in a tiny tent with NO strings attached. Great music and very funny although very vulgar comedy skits. If you're a sensitive person who is easily offended this is not for you. The acrobatic routines are incredible! Well worth the price of admission
5	Wow!!! We loved this show, it was funny and entertaining. I could see this show again, it was everything and more. Seats could be upgraded, a little cheap for the price you pay. Best show I've seen in Vegas .
5	Holy raunch-tastic and I say that in the greatest way possible. If you blush at crude or politically incorrect humor, this show is NOT for you! The circus type atmosphere is intimate and amazing. The performers are so talented that you are left with your mouth hitting the floor but beware, if you are in the first three rows with this expression on your face you might get called on the stage to give a lap dance in a 69 position to the 80 year old gentleman sitting beside you. Oh and, I'm not joking!! The night is filled with incredible performances mixed with full on belly laughter as long as you're not one of the chosen ones that everyone is laughing at. Well worth it if you are traveling to Vegas, sans children. It's so entertaining I would definitely go back and see it a second maybe even a third time.
5	Hard to describe, and not for the easily offended or the politically correct.Other than that, make sure you don't miss this show, I highly doubt that there's  anything even close to it anywhere in the United States.  I appreciate that most people don't say exactly what it is about, because going there without knowing much is the best part.
5	Saw this show with my brother and we LOVED it. I highly recommend paying the extra 25.00 for the best seats in the house. We sat at a table in the front row and could not have had a better seat. Watching the show from up front is simply an amazing experience and totally worth it. Not much to add to what everyone else has written. The jokes are hilarious (and yes, tasteless). The performances are breathtaking and brilliant. My favorite was Sven and Roma who do an amazing roller skating act. Go see the show for them alone.
5	BEST SHOW EVER. Laughed until I cried. I have never had a better show experience in my life! GO SEE THIS!
5	All of the Yelp reviewers are right! Pros:1. Excellent audience participation act.2. Roller skaters are astonishing.3. Excellent blend of acrobatics, comedy, and music.Cons:1. For all shows, for memories and marketing, performers may want to consider being available for pictures afterward like Penn and Teller. Charge at a reasonable price point. It will be a win-win for everyone.Tip:1. Like all shows, check Yelp and Google for a discount.http://www.absinthevegas.com/discountoffers/codeABS20.html2. If you're easily offended, don't go to this show. Remember this is Vegas.
5	This is hands down the best entertainment I've ever had - from the laughs and shock to the amazing acrobatics, I was captivated the entire show! Not for the faint of heart or easily offended (don't like the F word? not for you. uncomfortable with stero-typing jokes? not your cup of tea. uneasy with nudity? oh, did you forget you came to VEGAS??haha, not for you here either). Seating - I think every seat is a winner as far as view goes! It's very small setting so you basicly are right on top of the action. It's a round stage and you get wooden fold-out chairs. Good thing here is you are so entertained, you forget that you are crowded and your ass hurts from the chair. There's AC inside (but not at the tent/bar areas outside the performance tent - so you may go in a bit sweaty if you're waiting around for the second show in the middle of June). There's a bar inside as well, but you won't want to leave your seat once you get in and the show starts, so best to have some pre-show drinks outside and maybe one more as soon as you walk in at the bar inside to take to your seat. There are a couple of options for seats with tables that seem to have a bit more room in the back. I may opt for those seats next time. We even saw the cast afterwards at the bar at Cesar's and gave them kudos on a great performance!
5	I took advantage of a deal with Town Square and snagged a voucher for two tickets. It needed to be redeemed at the box office (located outside near the Absinthe tent), so I went about a month prior to the day I wanted to attend. It was all very simple, and although I didn't mind, I was not given a choice of seating.I chose the late show on Valentine's Day and we planned to arrive half an hour to its start at 9:30, but traffic on the property was a nightmare (I should've known). If possible, I would highly recommend the main valet at their Las Vegas Blvd entrance since it's within steps of Absinthe or Spiegelworld (and you avoid the crowded maze through the casino/hotel). There was a line to get into the venue, but fortunately, the show started 15 minutes late. The seats are very crowded, so definitely take a bathroom break prior to the show if you have seats in the middle of the row like we did. Otherwise, people may have to actually get out of their seats completely for you to get through (there is absolutely no space between you and the seat in front of you). The venue is intimate, so all the seats seem decent except the rows aren't tiered. We were in the fifth row and we didn't mind too much since most of the acts are aerial. We only struggled periodically to see what was going on the stage. The front row seats are definitely the best, but be prepared to be the center of jokes or playfully assaulted.The show itself was extremely entertaining. Hilarious, amusing, and spectacular. The fact that their stage was so small, it made their aerobatic, balancing, circus-type acts even more impressive. A lot of it left you in jaw-dropping wonderment and scrambling for photos (non-flash photography is encouraged). The Gazillionaire and his not-so-trusty sidekick, Penny Pibbets, caused constant rambunctious laughter with their vulgar banter and borderline racist jokes. It was certainly not for the weak-hearted or easily-offended, but I think most people have been warned to leave their parents and kids (it's 18+ anyway) at home. The audience involvement segment revealed the actors' great improv talents and was very entertaining. It's amazing how much they pack into a 90-minute show!Long story short, you absolutely need to experience Absinthe. Bring your significant other and/or group of rowdy friends. You've been warned though!
5	Best show we've seen in Vegas in a long time! Laughed so hard my jaw still hurts and the mind blowing acrobatics and other crazy stunts were over the top. The venue is so cool! It takes place inside of a small, but very well done tent outside of Ceaser's. Not a bad seat in the house in terms of view. However, be warned. If you sit in the first few rows, you're likely to be made fun of, sat on and have bodies whizzing past your face at a very high speed. Our friend sat first row and loved it, but you better have thick skin. Otherwise, the best seats are the small bar tables near the back. The tent is very small, so even when seated at the back, you're very close to the stage and have an amazing and somewhat elevated view, with a table for your drinks, which is nice. Although, like many other have said, this is not for the easily offended. They pretty much go after everyone and everything. Absolutely loved it. Very unique and a must see if you're in Vegas!
5	Best show I have ever seen in Vegas!!!! Hands down! Best $200 bucks we spent the 5 days we were there. My face hurt from laughing. If you are easily offended this is NOT the show for you. There is foul language, nudity, and they trashed some with racial jokes.... I LOVED EVERY MINUTE!!! the performers were amazing... And you are so close it feels like you are part of the show!!! Do yourself a favor go see this!!!
4	Saw this show on 1/19/14 and had a great time. The show is very, very raunchy and definitely not for people who are easily offended or conservative. I thought it was hilarious and was laughing so hard it hurt at times. Some audience members, though, like the older couple in front of us, probably would have left if the seating wasn't so completely cramped that they physically couldn't leave. I couldn't give the show five stars because while the most of the acts were certainly good, some were just alright. Two or three acts could definitely be replaced. The show is also overpriced considering the talent level of some of the acts and compared to what the same price gets you at other shows, but obviously worth it if you get free tickets (just suffer through a timeshare presentation like we did) or if you get them discounted.
5	Loooooooooved it! Unique stage with lots of adult only content! Spectacular talent with two very funny hosts! Quite enjoyed the audience participation too!
5	Fantastic show!  I will make it a point to see this every time I'm in Vegas. Completely raunchy and over the top humor. The performers are inches from you. Love love love this show!
5	Just went 2 nights ago !! Loved it .. A lot of adult humor and kept me laughing all night . The acts were all different - I enjoyed the acrobats - advice : skip the VIP tickets - the seats are all the same level and the are hard folding chairs / no big difference in seats except VIP are in the first 2 rows but it was way to close - u couldn't stand up Orr else u would get by an acrobat (your that close) I sat in the 8 th row and had a great view . I bought my tickets at half tickets on the strip . Great show !!
5	Love Love LOVE this show!!! Top notch entertainment in Vegas. Raunchy, hilarious, amazing & very unexpected! Every act was enjoyable, and the Gazillionaire & Penny are a brilliant comedic tag team duo who flawlessly brought the whole thing together. As others have said, if you sit in the front row, you will probably either be made fun of or participate in the show somehow. This is not a show for those who are easily offended, so best to leave Grandma at home (or take her to Mystere). We sat in the second row, and it was fantastic- no trouble seeing anything, AND champagne is included in your ticket price! In that price range, you are also able to enter from an area off to the side of the main entrance which was far less busy with a much shorter line to wait in. Be advised, the show is in a tent right outside Caesar's Palace near Serendipity 3, which is perfect, because you can get a Frozen Hot Chocolate (with or without alcohol) if you get to the show early. For the 9:30 pm performance, they don't allow you to enter the tent until 9:20. The festivities officially begin about 9:40, but I don't recommend being late unless you enjoy public humiliation. The last thing I would like to mention as a side note- the chairs are VERY close together so if you have any concern about being super close to other people or if you might feel uncomfortable being on a small folding chair for an hour and a half, ask to be put at the tables.  This wasn't worth taking a star away in my opinion, because everything else about the show was so awesome!!! I will be absolutely recommending Absinthe to all my out of town guests, and can't wait to see it again!
5	OMG! OMG! LOVE this show. Laughed so hard our cheeks hurt. Would see it again.
4	I really liked this show. We were able to get tickets at the tix4tonight booth for $80 each.  Glad we didn't pay full price though. My husbands view was slightly obstructed by a support beam which annoyed him. Like earlier reviews stated, the chairs were uncomfortable and it was a hike to go to the bathroom. The gazillionaire and penny made the show. The comedy was offensive and hilarious. I loved the decor on the inside of the tent. So much attention to detail. This show was great for my husband and I. I really wanted to see a cirque show, but that would have bored him to tears. This show was a good mix of arts and comedy. It kept him from falling asleep.
5	One of the best performances I've ever seen.  Mix of raunchy humor, showmanship, and down right entertainment!  Not for the easily offended.
5	It's  shows like these that make me feel ooh so patriotic.Do you like watching crazy stunts?  Do you like barely clad beautiful bodies?Picture it.A beautiful glistening body Muscles tenseOoh my...Did he actually just do that?Ooh my...Now he's taking off clothes!Yes, there are lovely lady athletes too for all you guys.Combine this with hilarious X-rated humor and an intimate venue that makes you feel up close and oh so personal...Side splitting guilty giggles.Jaw dropping acrobatics.Sexy bodies in your face.This is what America is all about.  At least on vacation.
5	Bravo...  A new fresh show on the Strip. A must see.  Best show I have seen in Veas in a while.  Seats are a little tight but the entertainment is fantastic!   A true variety show.
5	This show is profane, silly, and a TON of fun. I laughed the entire time, something I have never done before. The husband and wife MC's work well together, and are a total crack up. There are decent circus acts, but most of them, you have seen before, or are common. They only add to the fun as the MC's are saying ridiculous and vulgar things throughout the show.**Spoiler Alert** They engage the audience a lot, including getting two member of the audience - strangers - to actually touch tongues!!This is a terrific, unique, and very funny show.
4	Absinthe is not just for drinking.Located in a huge tent outside Caesar's Palace on the Vegas Strip you'll find this show hosted by the Gazillionaire and his sidekick Penny.  Both are completely raunchy, politically incorrect in every way, and very, VERY funny.  However, this is a variety show.  You'll see ribbon acrobatics, roller skating duos, strongmen and a magician.  Oh yes, and fornicating sock puppets steal the show.  I guarantee you will never play sock monster again without recalling this X-rated version.Audience participation?  Lol - more like audience degradation, so be careful about your seat choice.  In our show there was an older couple...  60-65ish dressed pretty formally.  They were dubbed "The Republicans" and although Mr. was clearly having a blast at his own expense (so were we), Mrs. clearly was NOT.  And she walked out mid-show, leaving Mr. alone with the rest of their party...- he stayed, but didn't laugh nearly as much.  There were many other cultural stereotypes held equally in the crosshairs, but only after "a show of hands for___" was asked by the Gazillionaire.  You may want to keep your hands at your sides, unless you're fortified by your friends, sense of humor AND a couple of drinks!The tent is huge, but as a Vegas venue it's small. In circus fashion, the seats are folding chairs and you will touch the person beside you.  It's not a long show, so manage you biological needs before show-time.
1	Save your money.  The worst show in Vegas.  If eighth grade, gross, insulting humor is your idea of funny, then this is for you.  My wife and I walked out on this show (the first time we've EVER done that), and they refused to refund our money!Now here's the thing: we're not prudish at all, in fact we're very liberal and, quite frankly, I use the "F" word myself. But when the jokes are simply in poor taste and they beat you over the head with them going on about gross descriptions the harry parts of a man's area and the things to do there, well, wow - seriously?  And that's supposed to be funny?  Not to half the audience.During the first quarter of the show not many people laughed, instead, they turned to look at their neighbor to see if what was happening was actually happening and if they should be offended or laugh at it.  Not many did.  All the conservatives (republicans) and many of the minority people there were attacked and offended right away, so not many people were laughing.  After a while, the alcohol kicked in and the eight graders arrived and half the people nervously laughed. Here is when we left:  During the set up of one of their circus acts, they searched the audience for an "Asian woman" and dragged her on stage.  Then they picked an over weight, obviously drunk guy, and a black guy and they were going to have them strip and lap dance to the poor woman.  OMG.  We were out of there.  Bottom line: Very expensive for an out door instant tent, not funny nor entertaining in the least, vulgar and offensive, a complete waste of money and an evening.  My wife was infuriated and I was aghast that any moron would find this funny.  I just felt bad for the people who have to be in the show.  Again, save your money and go see any one of the many better shows for 1/2 the price.  A disgrace.
1	Worst show ever!It's the most gross, childish, low class degrading show I've ever seen in Vegas.I paid good money for it but had to walk out during the show. What? Making rude jokes on private body parts so bluntly, and making fun on all the colored people doesn't entertain me. And tasteless jokes on anyone who's liberal or conservative, anyone would find this show shocking. I know it's an equal discrimination, but I wouldn't pay a penny for it. If you're looking for a sexy show, this is not it. It's not a topless show. And it's a lot more expensive than most if not all of the adult shows in Vegas. And the show is performed in a circus "tent" rather than an actual theater. It's amazing that they charge so much. There were some nice parts in the show, that's the nice acrobatic performances, but half of the time, it's filled with insulting humors that make me frown with shock. I'm a liberal person by heart but don't find rude jokes on gays and minorities funny or entertaining.I'm surprised that Caesar Palace, who hosts reputable shows like Celine Dion, Elton John, Shania Twain and Rod Stewart, would host such a degrading and senseless show like Absinthe. If you're wondering if you should go to this show, DON'T!  Save your money instead and use it on the many other good shows in Vegas like Love, Zumanity, etc. As for the other 4 and 5 star reviews?  Obviously cast members posting shameless promotional reviews.  Simply disgraceful.
5	Boy oh boy! This is definitely one of the shows that should have a big poster board in bright neon and bold letters in the box office entrance that states: "IF YOU ARE EASILY OFFENDED, TURN AROUND AND GO WATCH A FREAKING MUSICAL!" This production is definitely one of the few shows that holds nothing back, literally. If you are a white or black, skinny or overweight, liberal or conservative, they will touch upon anything and exploit to the nth degree. It pulls no punches and instead it actually tries to delivers a knockout shot each and every time. Most people leave after the minute in the first round. Clearly stated, if you are easily offended, this is the worst show you will have ever seen... if you can handle taking a few jokes, it might still be the worst show you have ever seen. Simply put, you have to BE the worst person in the world for the 1.5 hour show to truly enjoy it. Based on the crowd reaction as well as amount of people that still flock to Absinthe, many of us are absolutely cruel people. (Har har Har) All in all, for myself, I couldn't stop laughing in this show. It's just bad for all the right reasons. The Gazillionaire pretty much opens up the show with a blitzkrieg with enough ammunition to lay waste to everyone in the tent. No holds barred and you can see the audience tensing up as they have no idea what's in stored for his verbal barrage soon to come. Penny the trusty a filthy mouthed sidekick is just as crude if not more... she has her "monologue" (if that's what you want to call it) and I can't tell you the kind of faces I've seen in the audience who were NOT laughing. About 90 percent of us were almost going to have our stomaches collapse on us but the other 10 percent were in face palm mode. Great stuff though. Oh wait... Did I forget to mention it was a VARIETY SHOW? Absinthe is built around the tasteless and profane comedy but in it's entirety is reminiscent of a 50's traveling circus act. From acrobats, trapeze,  tight rope walking, bizarro acts etc. .. they provide a little  bit of everything to amaze audiences in a small confined space. There is a little bit of singing and dancing but nothing to divert the act from anything less than a circus show. The performers that night were all on point. Didn't see any major mess-ups and all of them put on a great show. My favorite were the roller skaters... it was exhilarating since they were performing pretty risky maneuvers on such a small platform right in front of the audience. The Gazillionaire did a great job introducing and selling the show to the audience all the while still making us laugh. To finish up this review, I really do believe this is probably the top 2-3 shows in town. As long as you have an open mind and is willingly ready to enjoy the debauchery it's just a great time. Totally would recommend it to adults and maybe some older folks. Definitely leave the kids at home.. it's 18 up but even 18 year old kids should wait on this one. I'm 24 and I've been corrupted by 'Penny's Puppets" Hahahaha
4	Went for my birthday and loved it! Was cracking up the entire time, but I have a pretty liberal (childish?) sense of humor. As said by others, definitely not for uppity types or anyone offended by over-the-top racial and sexual humor. Glad I was not sitting toward the front though, because I also embarrass easily and would not have wanted to be picked on. TIP: if you're shy, you might want to ask to opt out of the first 3 or 4 rows. They will harass you and even pulled people up for a lap dance competition!Aside from the humor, the circus acts were breathtaking. Being in such a small venue made it feel intimate and dangerous. The performers were just as, if not more talented than anyone you'll see in a big name circus, and here they're performing a few feet above your head. And with most being scantily clad, it was two shows in one :)My only complaint is that we had a somewhat obstructed view. You're told that there are "no bad seats," but if you get a seat at the end of the row you will be right next to a tent support. We could see center stage fine, but had to lean over each other to see Penny at the front, who was the funniest part. Also, not that its a huge deal, but from the show description we were expecting some topless acts. Show has one girl in pasties, a few more in bras, but that's it. We had to sign an acknowledgement of "nudity" when we bought the tickets, so were a little disappointed there wasn't any. HELPFUL TIP: If you have to pick up your tickets at the box office, Absinthe has their own right next to the performance tent. We were not told this, so went to the inside box office at Caesar's Palace first. Then had a hefty walk outside to a whole different part of the casino, and hefty walk back... gave me a blister and made us late for dinner reservations!
5	The most amazing show I've ever seen. Burlesque meets gymnastic meets comedy.  I would see absinthe over and over. There's no bad seat in the house, it was so close and intimate. Must see in Vegas!
2	I must be missing something here.  Usually I trust yelp and its reviews.I am a huge fan of racial humor - and just about any other humor.  Basically, the best part of the show was the dialogue between the acts.I'm not saying what the performers did wasn't amazing, but it was five minutes of swinging someone around and then back to some racial or whatever humor dialogue.  There was nothing that tied the show together or anything that was memorable.I paid over $100 for a ticket to a show that barely lasted an hour.  Yes, every seat is a good view to watch, but I didn't want to watch anymore.  I was confident that this show was going to be the best I've ever seen - and it has easily become one of the worst shows I've ever seen.You're probably going to go see the show anyway, but don't say I didn't warn you.  I feel like I would have gotten more enjoyment losing my money in some random slot machine, but now I know.
4	for the actual show show i give it a 5 ! for the crudeness and dirtiness (which i guess i expected) i give it 2 starslets start with the show, it was AMAZING its a small small little place under a tent so you can basically choose any seat and youl be fine. before the show they have a bar outside and a regular drink costs about 17 bucks or so.  the show was really really good, it was weird and interactive but a cool thing to see. The host was okay, couldnt stand that voice...oh man. and the sidekick lady in green AHHHH i was SOOO annoyed by her i wish she wasnt in the show, i think the show would be 10 times better without her...not her fault thought i think, i think they just plan it this way but she was the worst thing about the show with the unnecessary jokes about dirty stuff... just didnt think it was necessary the show would of been just as good and funny without itanyways! the stuff you see in the show, without giving any of it away was amazing. i couldnt beleive what i was seeing. it almost looked fake. there were "OH WOW" moments through out the show i think youl love itbut dont go with your parents or bring kids or anything haha its DEFINITELY not for them. its good for age groups 21-40 i think. some people i saw were disgusted but others had a crazy good time. I would reccomend!and the tickets were about 90 each. to sit in the middle area :)
5	LOVED this show!  I read the Yelp comments but want to add if you are uncomfortable with graphic talk about sex, racial/stereotype jokes or swearing this is not the show for you.  My stomach hurt from laughing. My friend & I have been talking about it for days. Penny was sooooo funny!  I could have done w/out the singer. Will definitely recommend the show to open minded people.
5	Saw the March 26,  2014 show and loved it. Atmosphere is raw and earthy given the tent venue and eclectic decor. This show is not for the PC-centric. The humor is naughty and tinged w/ more than a few racial and sexual and gender targets. The MC and his "assistant" filled their routines w/ taboo language and vivid descriptions of sex acts. The audience sits inches from the stage, which adds to the intimacy of the show. You'll find the typical Cirque tricks, including some really frightening ones given the spatial arrangement of the venue, and there is even an audience participation component. I plan to see the show again next time we're in Vegas.
4	I saw this show for free when they first appeared in Vegas. Back then they had a better Circus vibe with more activities outside the tent.  Now they only have a bar.  I guess they need to save money.  The show was very good and up close and personal.
5	You have to go into this show knowing that it's dirty, gritty, disgusting, offensive, and downright terrible - in the BEST way.If you're easily offended, the humor is NOT for you. It's almost too raunchy even for me, and it makes the worst episodes of South Park look mild. But if that's your cup of tea (and it is mine), it's absolutely hysterical. The characters are lovable, in their own disgusting, racist, offensive ways.The chairs and decor are all mismatched and probably stolen from yard sales and crappy antique stores. They're not very comfortable, but there's not a bad seat in the house. I prefer to get a table, because if you're close to the front of the seats, you WILL get picked on. Lots of audience, uhhh... participation? Verbal assault? Either one.It's a variety act, and all of the acts are incredible. The fact that they do their acts in a fairly tiny space just adds to the wonder and amazement. They're all terrifying, gravity defying, and honestly pretty freakin sexy.Every night the house cocktail is different. $10 a pop but you only need one to stumble out of there at the end. I've seen this show twice, and the first time, the drink was lemonade and vanilla vodka (so gross but so strong), and last time it was OJ, orange vodka, grenadine, and amaretto. That one tasted a lot better and got me even drunker.All in all, if you can enjoy something that is absolutely trashy, you will find that Absinthe is a treasure.
5	This show is absolutely AMAZING!!  I want to fly back to Vegas just to see this show again.  LOVE!  Can't say enough positive things about it.  SO funny; if you love to laugh and are easy going then this is definitely the show for you.  Inappropriate for sure... I laughed so hard that I was crying.
5	LOVED IT, LOVED IT, LOVED IT, this show was hysterical and amazing at the same time.  Honestly one of the best shows I have seen in Vegas (ever).  The dynamic between the "gazillionaire" and his assistant was incredibly funny, entertaining from start to finish.  The acrobatic feats performed by these entertainers is absolutely incredible.  We really liked the intimate seating and small theater setting, being able to be so close makes this absolutely that much more amazing because you can see how hard these performers are concentrating - we saw the show 2 days ago and have been telling everyone to go see this - way better than all of the cirque shows (and we have seen all of them) and I will totally go back and see this one again.  Really enjoyed it - word to the wise, if you don't like foul language or sexual orientated jokes then you will not  like this show, not good for kids at all, they abuse and crack on all races, ethnicities and sexual orientations, nobody is immune from being made fun of so if you can deal with that, then you will like this show
4	All sorts of inappropriate, but hilarious! They had a nice mix of acts and everything moved quickly enough so that it did not get boring. Certainly entertaining, I would definitely go again.
5	This show was an amazing combination of acrobatics and comedy.  Not PG or PC but hilarious.  The personal feel and small venue makes this a must do in Vegas.
5	If you find yourself in LV wander over to Cesar's Palace and take a front row seat in the tent. This show will not disappoint. My bf and I loved the crude comedy, amazing human tricks and sexy lady. I would suggest not being cheap and sitting in the front row the show is interactive and you will love it. Bring your sense if humor and leave your sensitive shy self at the door. Amazing show don't miss it!
5	I loved it! Yes, it will be crude and rude to some. After reading the previous reviews I expected much worse. Loved Penny. She cracked me up. It was a fast 90 min. I coulda gone for more.
4	I was surprised at how good this shown was because my expectations were not that high. The atmosphere is intimate under a tent show you are right on top of the performance. It was a rated R version of Cirque De Solei. Very funny at times and impressive talent via acrobatics etc. Great times and worth going to see.
5	Absinthe is the best show of all time for the non republicans. Lol..... It is so inn appropriate but freaking hilarious. I could not stop laughing. Very pricy if you are not local but is so worth the money. I will definitely go back as much as possible because its that great!!!!!!
5	Attended the show last night and I enjoyed every second of it! Every act in this crazy circus is very entertaining and talented! The host and April are too funny and had me laughing all night long! Definitely recommend and might even attend again next time I'm in town! Great job Absinthe!
3	Attended the show this weekend and I've read many of the reviews on Yelp which is why we picked this show.  I won't rehash what's already been said... but I will explain why I gave the show 3 stars.Pros:1.  Cool, intimate setting.  I was not bothered by the chairs or the close proximity of my neighbors.2.  Hilarious show...  the acts were enjoyable and some amazing.  Disappointed that we didn't get to see the rollerbladers.3.  We laughed a lot.  The humor is very off-color (but very stereotypically color related).  Cons:1.  Non-tiered seating.  We were in the 5th row and it was very hard to see.  I think the seats w/ tables in the back of the venue are likely the best seats.2.  The show is very disjointed.  Although funny, the banter between the hosts really seems not at all related to the show.  The stunts are worth seeing but it does seem that the crude (and really funny) banter cheapens the show.3.  90 minutes is extremely short for $100 seats.  Overall I would say the show was just meh....  I would rate it higher if the show was longer OR the seats were cheaper.Likely better shows in Vegas to see.
5	I am not a fan of circus acts.I've seen enough tumblers, tight rope walkers, and contortionists to last a lifetime.However, while this show does indeed center around circus acts, it incorporates a host and hostess so funny and engaging I would watch a show featuring just them.The Gazillionaire and Penny are funny as hell, engaging, and just plain awesome to watch. The intimacy of the tent also made the circus acts fun to watch, even for me.Great party atmosphere and a great time!
4	This was my first ever show in Vegas and I loved it. This is a erotic, acrobatic show that mirrors a Circus du Soleil show. The acrobatics are awesome and the Ring Leader and is Assistant are so funny. The show takes place in a small, intimate big top setting. When we bought the tickets, we opted for the show with dinner. The dinner was at Planet Hollywood (which was totally not worth a dime), but the seats we got at Absinthe were totally worth it! The stage is set around a small circular stage. There are about 10-15 rows of wooden seats around that, then a walkway and then a slightly higher section with probably 10 seats that are cushioned. We had seats in two cushioned armchairs that seamed to be the plushest in the place. We were in the last row, but sitting there for over an hour, those seats seemed to be the best. It's a small venue, so the view was just fine. The humor was raunchy, but truly entertaining.  I would recommend this show to anyone that wants a "Vegas" experience. The performers were a class act!
5	The only word for this show is "hilarious"! The show is in the tent between Bellagio and Caesar's so it's a pretty convenient location. The tickets for general admission are $99 and if you want to pay more, you can sit at a table and get a split of champagne.The seating is the only drawback of the show. It is very intimate, so there isn't a bad seat in the house but there is very little cushion so by the end, your butt is pretty sore. The acts are absolutely incredible- from death defying skaters to a contortionist using aerial straps to a "lesbian couple" flinging one another over the crowd.As for Penny and the Gazillionaire, I found them hilarious and a good segway between acts. Some criticisms from other reviewers are that it felt disjointed and had nothing to do with the show. I have to disagree. The performers need time to get ready between acts, to set up the harnesses and other equipment. The lively and crude banter is a great way to distract from that. I laughed so hard I cried! This is my favorite show in Vegas, hands down!
5	I was reluctant to go to this show since I'm not into crass humor as mentioned below. But I found this hysterical and the performers were amazing.
5	This show was awesome! The decor and ambience were very cool. We had great seats, and it looked like there was not a bad seat in the entire place. The bad reviews are written by people who obviously lack a true sense of humor. This is Vegas, so if you're offended by crude humor, you came to the wrong city! I cried from laughing so hard, then again I find crude humor hilarious. Every act had me watching anxiously because of how risky some of them were, but it was equally mind-blowing and entertaining. $100 for a 90 minute show is well worth it. Why would you want to spend more than 90 minutes sitting anyways? I highly recommend this show to everyone.
5	Everything about this show was over the top from the amazing stunts and acts to the hilariously offensive jokes. This show had me laughing my butt off when I wasn't staring in awe at the talent of the performers. There is a ton of sexuality peppered in along with the audience being made fun of by the MC so if you are easily offended this show isn't for you. However if you like raunchy comedy, feats of skill and hot bodies this is the show for you.
5	An absolute must-see if you're in Vegas!  The acts are world-class (not saying anything about what does or doesn't happen, because I don't want to give anything away) and the Gazillionaire and his sidekick Penny will leave you in stitches.That said, if you aren't a fan of crude humor, or don't have a sense of humor at all, don't come.  Seriously, don't.  You'll be miserable.  Absinthe holds the lead in the "most F-bombs in a show on the Strip" category, and it isn't close.Some things you need to know: the chairs are very uncomfortable to sit in, and if you're in the seats in the 6(?) rows around the stage, you'll be right, right next to the people on either side of you.  Also, there isn't much of an incline.  We sat at a table in the outside ring and loved our seats. Believe me, the tent isn't large, and you'll be able to easily see everything.Also, if you're in the first rows closest to the stage and/or a racial minority, expect to get picked on or even pulled on stage.  Again, this is a COMEDY SHOW.  See my note above about what to do if you don't have a sense of humor.  The Gazillionaire mercilessly picked on a guy because he refused to laugh, and it only got worse (to the amusement of everyone else, of course!) for him as the show went on.In sum: GO.  Laugh.  Gasp at the acts.  Laugh some more.  Leave after 90 minutes happy, and just hope you aren't going to hell for laughing TOO hard.
5	A must see in Vegas!  The show was a lot of fun and the perfect way to start a Vegas vacation. The show felt like Zumanity on a budget. They knew they couldn't pull off that show so the acts are complemented by a lot of humor and raunchy randomness. You will laugh throughout the entire show. Highly recommended!
5	If you're a bit on the broke side, but want to catch a vegas show then Absinthe is a MUST! Actually, I would still go see this show even if I wasn't broke. My bf & I went early to get tickets at the tix4tonight booth so they were fairly cheap. Just a tip so that you won't be noob like us, the tickets don't have assigned seating. So no need to get to the ticket booth super early in the morning like us thinking we'll get better seats that way. The seating is basically first come first serve.The show takes place inside the tent at Caesar's palace near Serendipity. So essentially it's pretty small inside so there's no bad seats. Definitely beats the free circus act shows at Circus Circus. Such a great adult comedy show with Cirque stunts and props. There's a lot of profanity and vulgar language here, but it's hilarious and entertaining. Even with seeing some Cirque Du Soleil shows I would get bored or lose attention for a bit, but with Absinthe I never once got bored. I was always laughing and engaged.There's so much humor to this, yet randomness at the same time. I actually thought this was better than Zarkana
5	Believe the ad: if you only see one show, make it Absinthe. I'm a Las Vegas local and have seen it twice. My girlfriend has seen it 4 times. It never gets old. Acts are fresh, the hosts improv, and there isn't a bad seat in the venue. Every time I have family or friends in town, this is the show we take them to. Worth every penny.
5	This is the show to see in las vegas by far. I've seen 4 circ shows and quite a few others in town and this show is the top one in town. The show itself is meant for adults and those who don't like adult humor please don't go. Everything in the show I really liked but the chairs in the venue. It wasn't really an issue because everything else in the show was great. It's about the same price a circ show without all the fluff. Don't think about going if you are in las vegas....just go.
5	This show is by far one of the best in vegas! You get the best of both worlds: an intimate Cirque show with a raunchy comedy show! I was laughing so much my cheeks were hurting! It's definitely not for those who are easily offended and its definitely not a show for kids because of the language and content of the show. Everything was fantastic about this! To get a real thrill, sit in the front!
4	ENJOYED THE SHOW!!!Went on a whim not really knowing what to expect. Had heard it was "raunchy". We found it very entertaining! A bit raunchy at times but not as bad as we expected. We are in our 50's and were not offended even though my wife is a bit of a prude (and a minority!)! We sat in the back section on wooden bench seats but found the view perfectly fine. In fact all of the seats nearer the stage were small wooden folding chairs and seemed very cramped in comparison.
5	I don't go to Vegas for the cheap drinks and boobs ( who Am I kidding, I do want cheap drinks and compare those stripper's boobs with mine), but if there's one thing I love doing in Vegas is watching to as many performances and shows as I can. This one is OUTSTANDING! I had so much fun and was very drawn to every single minute of the performance.  Totally recommend!  FUN FUN FUN.
5	Soooooo funnny!  you have to watch it.
5	Went on a date last night to see Absinthe and it definitely did not disappoint. Pretty much the best show I've seen in Vegas. It was raunchy, crude, and hilarious! Do not go see it if you are easily offended, jokes are made about pretty much everything- race, politics, sexuality, etc. The tent is small so pretty much anywhere you sit you can see everything. The seats are very intimate so expect to be shoulder-to-shoulder with who you are with. There were elevated tables and those seem to be your best bet.  The acts were amazing- my favorite was the roller skating couple. Blew my mind. Overall, would definitely recommend to anyone who's looking for a good laugh! I would not think twice of coming to see it again given the chance.
5	Impressive acrobatic acts. A little bit of cabaret-style music sung by a near-topless pretty girl. Crazy athletic performers who can showcase amazing balancing/strength acts. And the most entertaining, a host & hostess who isn't afraid to say any raunchy, racial, sexual remarks, mixed with a whole lot of profanity. What's the result? A most hilariously weird & crazy show I've seen. I giggle just thinking about it again!I've seen this show twice. I think it was even funnier the second time around. I nearly had a heart attack because I though the host was calling me up on stage when it was time for audience participation. I would've died if I had to, yet I loved watching it. You can buy tickets through their website. There's not many deals I've found, even as a local. I even remember thinking the first time how the seats were terrible. The view of the show is fine, but the seats are all mismatched wooden ones, definitely not the most comfortable. But was it worth the money? Yes. No question. Please see this show knowing what you're getting into. They get dangerously close to the line of being very offensive and obnoxious, so it's not for everyone. People have to realize it's part of the show. Just don't go with your sweet grandmother or your parents. It'll be awkward!Use the restroom before the show. Not because it's long, but because it's so funny, you might pee a little from laughing. You leave with your sides hurting a bit. It's definitely a show I'll go to again and again. Tip: If Caesars main valet is full, try the valet next to Joe's Prime Steak & Stone Crabs. It's not as crowded & a shorter walk to the show than self-park or the Forum Shops valet.
2	Absinthe was a big disappointment. The show felt as though it was written by a thirteen-year-old with Tourette's. While three of the numerous acts vaguely referenced alcohol in general (primarily through props), there was no overarching narrative, or anything remotely approaching structure. The show consists of a series of acrobatic routines set to music, broken regularly by unrelated and unnecessarily vulgar stand-up bits involving jokes directed at the lowest common denominator. The humor, which other reviewers have praised for its lack of censor, is not brave, edgy or insightful; the jokes don't make any social statements, they're simply vulgar and vitriolic for the sole purpose of shock value. One in three jokes were no more sophisticated than fart jokes, only with more racist and discriminatory undertones. It's bad Burlesque.Over the course of the show, there are a handful of jokes and one routine which are genuinely funny, but they don't make up for the rest of the performance. While the acrobatic acts are actually rather impressive, they don't begin to compare to those of Cirque Du Soleil. The musical numbers weren't bad either, but they are few and far between, and it can be difficult to make out the lyrics from the 'VIP' section.Considering the myriad alternatives for live entertainment in Vegas, I would not recommend this show to anyone. If you want to watch something that is truly impressive on its own merit, and which doesn't try to buy cheap laughs with foul language, see any one of the many Cirque shows in town.
5	Hands down the best show in Vegas.  Mind blowing stunts, hilarious comedians, and all around great experience. Don't sit up front unless you want to participate. If you have to see one show in Vegas spend the money and see this one.
4	For the 4th time Absinthe in Vegas show still makes me laugh. It's wildly entertaining with the raunchy dialogue of who knows what they are going to say next. They have changed some of the acts since I saw it last year. I still am impressed by the rollar skate duo as the speed and small stage make me nervous of the thought that he if let go this poor girl would be flying into us. A new act of two girl acrobatics in a kinda lesbo duo is cool- not into the lesbo thing but I can't believe the strong woman can flip the smaller girl around in the air like that. Wow! I love the two bodyguards - glad they didn't cut that from the show! These two guys are like greek god statues and they move in the most graceful way changing formations. Well- you could just have them the entire show and I could watch them all night. Next time in Vegas I want to see the new show- Vegas Nocturnal by the creators of Absinthe. If you want to laugh and aren't shocked by profanity and sexual humor come to this show. Oh and they have Chandon splits for $10 better than Fizz at $12. Sometimes there is a guy during the day handing out coupons for the show. The seats are still uncomfortable. Was it my imagination or did they shorten the length of the show? It always seems to end too soon.
2	Big disappointment!  The tent from the outside looks fun and inviting.  You walk in and it's this great ambiance of funky, eclectic, and unique.  The seats are tied together with  cord and each chair is different giving it that funky look.  Unfortunately, it is the most uncomfortable chair known to man.  I felt like my ass was assaulted!  And I have some junk in the trunk and still it was painful.  Thank god the show is only 90 minutes.  I've seen other shows similar to this......Teatro Zinzanni in Seattle and San Fran, some shows in Europe in similar tents.  This comes with no food and is a shorter show.   It comes with the prerequisite cirque style acrobatics all of which I thought were mediocre.  It was like they were walking thru the paces and not truly into it.  Two girls pretending to be lesbians in a trapeze act that was so half assed and unbelievable.  No one was buying their relationship.  Not even them.  It looked like a director said "put your hand here and then touch her there"  So stilted and forced.  Another act of hand balancing from a couple of guys from Poland.  They obviously have athletic ability but besides that, no personality, no stage presence of any kind.  Same thing with the Russian acrobats.  If in fact, it's supposed to be just a variety show with one act after another with no connective tissue than it's so/so at best.  Speaking of connective tissue.......there is a man and woman comic team that is supposed to MC the evening.  While I know it's Vegas and anything goes, especially potty and non PC humor, it still needs to be funny.  I'm no prude and am not in anyway offended easily, I still wanted it to be FUNNY.  Just because you can use obscenities until the cows come home and reference masterbation throughout the evening, doesn't it still have to make me laugh?  I didn't.  I kept waiting.  Still no laughter in 90 minutes.  Music.  Canned music?  No live band?  Over 100 bucks a ticket and no music.  There is a stripper who, and I use this term lightly, sings.  But, she was three pitches off from hitting any correct note.  Give us a kick ass real singer who blows your tent up!!!  Again, another production from Speigelworld with no content, no impressive talent, and ultimately no payoff in the end.  Great tent, great ambiance but not a great show.Save your money and your ass and go elsewhere.
5	if there's going to be one show i'll keep on watching in vegas, it's absinthe. Mr.gazillionaire and dorothy will put on a show that will push the limits between obnoxious, obscene, outrageous and straight out offensiveit's one of those shows that you can't bring your elderlys to...the board says 18+ only but you should mention the topless cabaret girl, the snowballing homosexual comments, the racial slurs that comes out of this man's mouth, it's hysterical.......be warned, during audience participation, nobody is safe, especially if you happen to be one of the two black guys in the audience, good luck....there's gonna be so much racist jokes, sexist jokes, republican jokes, gay jokes, lesbo jokes, nothing and nobody is safe, next time i go to watch this show, i'm going buzzed!!BEST SHOW IN VEGAS EVAR
5	I took my beautiful girlfriend to see this show last night. After looking all over for cirque tickets at a reasonable price, I "settled" for tickets for this show. I must say that it was the best decision I've made for this trip! We celebrated her milestone birthday with champagne, great performers, and so many laughs with this "gut busting"show. After walking out, we both immediately said that we would go back to see it! Just one warning, just as every other review has stated, it is as raunchy as you can get without being overbearing, so it's not for the shy or prude. We still have 2 days left here in Vegas, and this show is the highlight of our trip, thus far... Bravo Absinthe... Best night ever...
5	I did NOT realize that this was a 18+ show until I picked up and read the fine print on my ticket ...WARNING: Please skip the show if you have experience the follow symptoms- Can't tolerate stereotypical racist / sexist jokes- Can't accept profanity / vulgar languages- Can't handle sexual innuendosWhat made this show worth the money: 1st - seating, seating, and seating! Unlike some other shows where you are literally sitting 100+ feet away from the actual performance, this is a very intimate setting and pretty much any seats can give you a great view. You can get to witness the incredible acrobatics close up in person. What to expect: Expect audience participation (15%), ridiculously vulgar (or witty) stand-up comedy (35%), acrobatics / gymnastics (35%), and Melody Sweets' musical performance (15%). Yup, this was probably the most vulgar comedy show that I've ever watched (even more so than the Book of Mormon). If you can set your mind free (as one of the Yelper wrote - getting buzzed) and having that  "I don't give a damn" attitude, then this could potentially be one of the best Vegas show experience. P.S. - Definitely one of the more expensive show - expect at least $100 per ticket.
5	AMAZING simply amazing! This is by far the best show I've seen in Vegas! Definitely not for the faint of heart or people that get easily offended (this show has a lot of material that can be offensive to some) but hilarious at the same time. The acrobatic parts are incredible, INCREDIBLE!! I was in awe the entire time!! The venue is also great because it's small an intimate. This is a must see in Vegas. Definitely coming back for more Absinthe the next time in town.
2	I was seriously disappointed with this show. I suppose I should have read the Yelp reviews before purchasing my ticket, as I expected the show to have 18+ humor but not be tasteless, crass and just plain unfunny. The good -- the acrobatic performances are amazing, as good as anything I've seen in any Cirque Du Soleil show. It's a very intimate theater-in-the-round, so there are no bad seats and the action is right in front of you. The bad -- The show stops and starts abruptly... there's no flow or overarching theme to the show. There's a Green Fairy character who does a few burlesque acts while singing, but you can barely hear her lyrics and the melody just isn't good. The worst are the two hosts, spouting out sex and race jokes like you're at an open mic in the 1980s. It made me very uncomfortable to sit through old, tired cliche jokes about race. I'm not opposed to jokes of this nature -- but at least be clever about it. I was either rolling my eyes at their "jokes" or seriously turned off. And for over $100 a ticket?? I expected to see something with a bit of class or creativity at that price. At least the acrobats were impressive, but if that's your thing, save your money for a Cirque show and skip this.
5	Great show. Really intimate. If you sit close to the stage, be ready to be the brunt of some jokes. If you are easily offended, save your money.
4	I saw this show about three months ago after receiving two free vip tickets as a gift from one of my clients. From what I understood, vip gave you free champagne, a different entrance through a green door and a seat in one of the first two rows. I LOVED this show! But that's because it definitely fits my sense of humor. I could definitely see how some people might get really uncomfortable and quesy feeling. You have to really not be bothered by raunchy  and rascist jokes. Do not bring your parents or kids to this show! That would definitely be awkward!The acrobatics were really amazing and different! There wasn't a single time I was bored. I also loved how small the theatre was because really every seat has a great view. The closer seats just have more of a risk of being hit in the face! Lol The only negatives for me was: 1. The seats are ridiculously small and uncomfortable!  You're basically touching thighs with the person sitting next to you and you can't make more room because the seats are chained together at the legs. 2. Even though many shows in Vegas  have this aspect, I still hate it. I haaate audience participation!!  I hate trying to avoid eye contact whenever they're looking for a volunteer lmao. And don't think sitting in a back seat keeps you safe! They grabbed a poor girl sitting in the very last row! So if you want to enjoy a show knowing you're 100% safe from embarassment, this one might not be for you! Overall, one of my favorite shows, had me dying with laughter! The jokes were on a whole different level, my stomach hurt from all the laughing! I would definitely see it again if there wasn't that audience participation aspect!
5	I have been dying to see this show for a long time and it was recommended to me as a "must see". I have to say it is the best show I have seen in a very long time. The venue is intimate and bohemian, none of the chairs match and the decor is dark and smoky feeling. Kinda like your in a place you shouldn't be all adding to the mystique of what you are about to see. The actual show is AMAZING! it is very raunchy and inappropriate with foul language and very dirty jokes! The performers are brilliant and talented with great choreography. The acrobatics are flawless and every one of the performers was perfect physically. Every woman in my group had a crush on every single, chiseled male performer. The acts themselves were quite impressive. Tigh rope walking, spinnig rollerskates, trapeze artists, aerial dancing, etc. The host and hostess are hysterical! They even do a comedy skit together with the hopes that you won't know it's them LOL Do not sit in the front row if you don't want to be called out and become a part of their terribly politically incorrect humor. No one group is spared in their profane tirades; It's great!I recommend this show to everyone I meet with the warning that they need to be able to take a joke. It's not for children or the faint of heart. You will be thoroughly entertained and walk out thinking "What the heck just happened?!" in way more inappropriate words LOL
4	Funny. I see some reviews that say it's way better than a Cirque show. I'm not sure what Cirque shows they have been watching as acrobatically/thematically I have seen Cirque shows that have been exquisite. That being said, this was a more mature show filled with more comedy and still amazing acrobatics. I would highly recommend seeing the show if in the area. While I didn't find the show in the least bit offensive, I guess one could. I guess if you've ever been "offended" in the past by something someone said--stripping blatant racist homophobic remarks by people--than you might be by this. Although, both of those might be present in this show but it's under the guise of no one gets off the hook. It's fun--great night.
5	I've never given a show a 5-star rating before, but I have no choice with Absinthe.  It actually deserves more stars!  This is the one show in Vegas that I will go back to see again!First of all, I recommend you get a Reserved B seat at one of the small tables in the back.  You'll have a small table to put your drink on, plus you have comfortable seating room.  All the seats closer to the stage are small folding chairs positioned shoulder-to-shoulder and we could see that they are very uncomfortable.  The show venue is so small you can see fine from anywhere, we could probably see the aerial acts and the high-wire acts better from the back than those people sitting up close could see them. The acrobatic acts and the gymnastic acts are amazing!  I have no words to describe them, you have to see for yourself.  Just incredible athletes and performers!  Between acts, the emcees throw in a lot of adult-oriented jokes, some of which were  funny and some of which were "groaners" and somewhat juvenile.  I guess they have to fill up the time between acts somehow.Highly recommended!
2	My fiance and I went to Vegas a few weeks ago and, upon seeing a lot of great reviews on this site, decided to give this show a try. We were hoping for a bit of an adult show and from the reviews, this seemed like the one to try.The seats were about $100-110, but if you walk by the tent, they hand out coupons for 20% off, so I think our tickets were roughly $90 each. We decide to see the later show because we were hoping that the crowd would be a bit drunker and a bit more engaging.We show up and walk into this tent that has a single circular stage in the middle (roughly 12' in diameter) and there's a large curtain covering the stage. The atmosphere inside the tent is rather cool, but then we see our seats. They have crammed so many people into this tent that you might as well be sitting on someone's lap. My fiance didn't mind as much, but I'm a bit broader in the shoulders and could not sit up straight because I felt wedged between my fiance and the guy next to me. The show starts with a rather cool balancing act and song. I will say that their acts were rather impressive, however, there were literally only about 6 of them. Most of it was commentary from the host and his assistant.As everyone on here has said, the show is crude. The host basically found a few people in the audience that fit into a stereotype and picked on them all night. The main problem I had with the entire show was the humor (or lack thereof). Neither me, nor my fiance, were ever offended and we are regularly accused of making crude jokes, so don't think that we don't appreciate crude humor. The problem was the lack of depth with the humor. It was very similar to back in high school when someone learns how to curse, so to get a cheap laugh out of their friends, they'd talk about sex, throw a few f-bombs in there, and then wait for people to laugh. It was incredibly shallow and basically crude for the sake of being crude.Honestly, halfway through I was hoping it was almost over, but sat through it since I'd already paid almost $200 for us to see this show. I'm not sure how others are rating this as high as they are, but it was quite the waste of money. I'd rather have spent it at a Cirque show or even gambling.
4	I found this show based on the reviews online and the suggestion that it was a little different.Hilarious jokes told unapologetic ally at the expense of the audience, singing, and amazing physical/acrobatic acts. The physical feats were definitely what I found to be the most impressive with amazing dancing, balancing, and displays of strength.Seats are a little cozy and you'll be quite close to your neighbors.Very entertaining and recommended!
3	So.Pros:The show was amazing. Every single act was spectacular and amazing.Cons:The MCs were TERRIBLE. I noticed from the Yelp pictures: there is definitely more than one actor who plays The Gazillionaire. The man in the show I saw was not the same man in all the promotional material/photos. Maybe the other actor does a much better job. I have no way of knowing.He and his assistant went straight past funny into just-plain-racist and unfunny sex jokes. This would have fine if they were clever, or entertaining at all, but you can't just drop f-bombs a lot and talk about sex and make racist comments and call it humor.  There were one-liners coming from members of the crowd that were more entertaining than the MCs of the show.Like other reviewers have said, it's like a grade-school kid who just found out if he says enough crude things, eventually someone will laugh. So I guess: if I could do it over again, I would try and find out ahead of time who is taking the role of The Gazillionaire that night. (if that's even possible). Try and find a night when it's not the "understudy".
5	Saw this show last month w/ a business associate.  Wonderful!  It's irreverent, hilarious, entertaining and fun. A modern and hip vaudeville.  Don't miss it.
1	Pros - Good acrobatic acts. Cons - I don't know where to begin. But here are some1. The worst part of the show is all the jokes are targeted at the audience. Every joke belongs at least to one of the following categories - Racism, Gay, Blonde, SugarDad ( (even if they are regular same age couple),etc. The The Gazillionaire (host) picks randomly his target, mostly the people sitting in the front seats or at the table. He talks about how they have sex at night...how ugly they are....how they are dressed up..etc. The light will be focused on that person and they get humiliated to the 'n'th degree, while everyone is laughing at their expense. I felt like this guy never had friends in his life. Not sure whether to laugh to some of these crude jokes or not.In one show, they picked up a lady and two guys (of course one guy is black..his favorite target). Asked the lady to sit on the stage. Asked both guys to give lap dance and the lady to pick up the best lap dancer. The lady will touch the winner's private parts....while her husband is watching.Out right disgusting to watch this unwrap up right in front of your own eyes.  The lady and the 2 guys were very reluctant to do this act. They were forced to do this.And the black guy's daughter was watching his father perform this lap dance and the lady touching his private parts. Awesome.Is this what we pay more than 100 dollars for?2. I was sitting in the regular seats. The seats were way too small. Very uncomfortable.3. Did I say all jokes are nasty and very personal? 4. Expensive for one hour show.5. The stage is too small for those crazy acts. Spectators safety is at the lowest level. Maybe none.Also watched Cirque 'O' show (in Bellagio). Great Classy Acts. That's why they run the Cirque O show in Bellagio's auditorium and this Absinthe show runs in tent outside Caesar's Palace.If you still think you will enjoy this disgusting show.....go ahead. Check yourself.If you get picked on by the host, everyone will be laughing at your expense.
5	Saw this show on Sunday. It was amazing! I was so impressed. It was not only hilarious, but mesmerizing. All of the acts brought something unique to the table! I HIGHLY recommend seeing this if you are in vegas. You will not regret it!
5	Loved this show. My date and I agreed it was just the right amount of crazy, sexy & hilarious! The VIP entrance made us feel like undercover superheroes.  Seats are a little tight, but it's fun to be close and laughing with strangers :P
5	OMG hands down, the best show in vegas filled with sex, humour, and so much fun! They have crowd interaction too so I wouldn't sit in the front. I loved it and have seen the show twice.  Second time I brought my bf for his birthday and they called him on stage, it was so awesome. I had quite a few glasses of wine so It was even funner.
5	Five stars just isn't enough! If you are debating between this or a cirque show, go to Absinthe.  Although I should mention that the humor is best for adults.  The performers are spectacular and the comedy had us all cracking up the entire show.  The tent is small so don't worry about getting a good seat.  Penny is my favorite and our large group of 6 had a great time.  We stayed in Caesars so it was right outside and convenient as well.  Would highly recommend, was worth every penny.
5	Funny as hell , a bit raunchy , in a cool way , not for kids ,it's not in Ceasars Building but in a tent next door.
2	I don't understand why this show is rated so highly at 4.5 stars.I have seen several other shows, such as Love, O, Le Reve, Ka, and Mystere, and maybe I've been spoiled by them.  Don't get me wrong..  the acrobatic acts in Absinthe are good, and a couple are pretty amazing.  There's a couple decent singing bits, too, made arguably more enticing by the singer stripping down to her pasties.  But these pros are not good enough to outweigh the cons of this show.The problems with Absinthe are all related to the Gazillionaire and Penny characters.  They're the comedy portion of the show, interspersed between acts, but they're just not funny.  I chuckled a handful of times, but that's about it.  As such, they took up way too much time.Maybe everyone calling them funny was drunk, or maybe they didn't want to seem unhip or too much a prude to say that the jokes just weren't that funny.  Jokes about racial stereotypes and gay people can be hilarious if done right, but their approach was to just beat you over the head with unapologetic crudeness.  Where's the humor in that if you're older than, say, a middle schooler, or if you've spent like a week's worth of time on the internet?  It was cringeworthy.  Just take a bunch of jokes about stereotypes that you've already heard, project them onto unwitting members of the audience, be really loud and obnoxious, and voila, hilarious comedy routine?  No.  Not hilarious.  You're doing a disservice to the other acts in the show, stop it.The whole "get two random guys up here to give a lapdance to another random girl" bit was painful, too.  The more I think of it, the more I feel that there's just no freakin point to this show.  No story, just bad humor ruining everything.  There was another bit where Penny uses two dolls from her therapy to illustrate a sexual encounter between her and one of the show performers.  There was another bit about a unicorn with a huge black penis as a horn, and somehow it is jizzing everywhere.  The whole idea was to take themes too far.  We get it, you "went there", but "going there" isn't enough to stand on.Anyway, pass on this show.  If you still decide to see it, just know that it's not actually inside Caesars Palace, but just outside the main lobby, in a tent.
5	The best show in vegas. Spring for VIP seats close to the center.... Crude, Sexually Explicit, great performers (better than some others), and VERY funny. The atmosphere is second to none, we may come back next visit to sin city.Trust everyone on yelp and go!
5	The BEST show to go outside of the Casino.  You get an up close front view anywhere you sit.  All the performers are Amazing and Very talented (especially the hosts). It is a variety of Singing, Dancing, Acrobat, Comedy, Strip Tease, Cirque Du Soleil. I'd see it again. A must see show!
5	Great show, it had me on the edge of my seat laughing the entire time, awesome skill the cast has!!!
5	Love love love Absinthe. Raunchy, daring and pushes the envelope on all matters.  This show is not for the faint of heart or anyone who is offended easily.  Luckily we fit neither of those bills.You are literally under "the big top" and feel as if you have stepped back into the 1920's.  From moment to finish we were laughing and on the edge of our seats.  Amazing acrobatics and stunts and knee slapping humor.We recommend this show to anyone and everyone headed to Vegas - it is an absolute must!
5	This show is in VEGAS. It is an ADULT show. So if that is an issue for you DON'T GO !! YOU WILL HATE IT. If you came to Vegas to get down, YOU WILL LOVE IT. It does have some really classic moments that are fall out of your chair funny. PENNY is one demented little lassie that is absolutely WONDERFUL. It also has MANY talented acts that are not part of the Adult/Vegas part of the show that showcase some truly amazing talents. LOVED every minute !! Bad news: Chairs are small, not very comfortable and close together which makes the whole place very cozy. One of the BEST shows in Vegas and I have seen ALL of the headliner Cirque de Solei and major run shows they have here. If you want to laugh and have a great time check it out.
5	I enjoyed all parts of this show.  The singing/dancing, the acrobatic acts and the comedy.  Seeing the acts close up make them much more impressive.  Some apparently do not think much of the sophomoric humor, but I liked it (no I was not drunk).  The seats were probably the worst part.  Metal folding chairs, but it's supposed to be part of the charm.  The show also felt a little short, and I learned that they may have lost (or gotten rid of) one of the performers, so maybe it used to be a bit longer.  I highly recommend the show.
2	I'm not uptight and I can take a joke, but I attended sober.  The problem with this show was the poor execution of the "jokes."  This was all high school level, with baby-talk from the Penny character to boot.  I wasn't offended; I just wasn't entertained... But... Someone should tell Jonah Hill and Justin Bieber that they didn't have to apologize on CNN for their homophobic and racist slurs while "we" decide if society is going castigate or overlook these drunken celebrity slips whilst concurrently paying for and praising these pieces of "entertainment" that are designed to be much more offensive.  The only reason the way overpriced show doesn't get a "dead dog" is due to some of the memorable performances.  Was there an attempted story line within the acrobatics?  I remember a lesbian erotica thing going on and the overweight wife/girlfriend across from me elbowing her husband/boyfriend for looking and grinning.  (It didn't really work if that's what they were going for.)The space is intimate and there really isn't a bad seat, but honestly I think some of the performers need more room for more tricks.  The circle tends to get monotonous and limiting after a few minutes.The burlesque performer is apparently well known in the New York scene.  She had a unique voice that reminded me somewhat of French artist Jane Birkin and was pleasant to look at (though burlesque isn't really my thing).Worth $100?  No.  (My party got a deal for 60; still not worth that ticket price.) Some of the acts are amazing, but I would go to Cirque de Soleil for the contortion and acrobatics.  But they need a serious rewrite in between the acts, and honestly for everyone who says this is the best show in Vegas? "The emperor is wearing no clothes."
4	Sex. Racism. Foul language. If any of these things offend you, then Absinthe is not for you. This intimate, alternative Cirque-style production takes place inside a beautifully decorated tent outside the Caesars Palace lobby. The 90-minute show is hosted by a slimy, foul mouthed barker who has no problem making fun of every race, religion, political bent and sexual preference in the crowd. His comic relief is his even more raunchy and politically incorrect "sister" who does things with hand puppets that makes Avenue Q look like a kid's show.Like Cirque, you get feats of strength, balance, and dexterity on the trapeze, high wire, and a rotating and telescoping stage - but unlike Cirque, it's delivered with sensuality, comedy, and in extreme close-up (the audience sits in a circle around a small central stage).Tickets for the show originally sold in the $40-$50 range, but box office prices are closer to $120 now and Tix4Tonight has them for $90, which still seems pricey for such a small scale production. (In contrast, the least desirable seats for large scale Cirque shows now start at $55, but you'll need binoculars and won't laugh at all.)If you can afford it, Absinthe invites you into a beautiful space where you'll see and hear things you have never seen or heard onstage and enjoy some amazing performers and edgy humor. I loved it! Just don't bring your parents or children!
5	Absinthe was probably the highlight of my weekend in Vegas (other than winning $160 at the airport penny slots - Yes, PENNY). The atmosphere was very fun, the comedy hilarious and raunchy, and the physical acts were so intense that my buddy kept screaming, "Holy SHIT!" over and over again. Skip the premade popcorn they sell in the tent - it only makes your hands salty and gets in the way of the alcohol absorption.
4	A GREAT Adult show!  If you are offended by racist and sex jokes this is not for you.I will start off with what I did not like and these are MINOR issues.  The seats could be a bit more comfy for the $120 price I am paying.  They are only simple regular folding chairs.  Also the green girl sidekick was a bit annoying.  But again these are minor issues!The tent has that vintage circus style that I love.  There were so many amazing acts!  Especially with a small setting like this, you can see everything close!Also they let you take photos!  i was surprised because every show I go to they said no pics!This is one of the shows you gotta see if you are in Vegas! I know the price is steep but think about it, you lose more in gambling anyway! LOL!
5	If you only see one show in Vegas, see this one! Word of warning, the seating is basically a bunch of fold-up chairs. Very uncomfortable and no elbow room. Upgrade to premium seating! You'll get a comfy seat in the back of the tent. It's a small venue so don't worry, you still have a great view of the action.
5	Loved the show, the highlight of my trip, if you don't have an open mind, don't go it is a great mix of nestalga, comedy(crudely hilarious), sarcasim and great acrobatics. I am stingy with my money, and it was well worth the price.
5	Wow! Everything and more. Yes, it's vulgar (and hilarious), but the acts are amazing and you're so close. Forget cirque, see this!!!
5	Truly is one of my Favorite shows ever. Penny and Gaz make the show what it is.  You will laugh more in 5 mins than you have your entire life.  Well worth the $$$.  If you are offended by crude and dirty language this is NOT the show for you.  The Acts are all quite amazing and you will have an awesome time.  Enjoy.
5	Great show, really funny vulgar humor that I like. All seating is good, the trapeze, strong men and shit talking is great! Must see show!
1	I liked the show but the people that worked there ruined the experience for me.  Performers were fabulous but staff were rude and made me not enjoy the experience. Aisle staff should not be so rude.
5	My lady and I have gone twice now. Wow, the show was even funnier the 2nd time maybe cuz we were asked if we wanted a table. We paused for a min cuz we have been to this show b4. But of course we said hell yeah -beats the hell outta those wooden chairs. Not sure why we were asked if we wanted a table. I was thinking cuz we bought pricy drinks outside or cuz I'm white and my lady is Hispanic. Thought jokes would fly our way but none/Either way wouldn't have cared. Gotta go to this show open minded and have a sense of humor. Lil pricy but worth it. Never a full moment. Will be back.
5	AMAZING. quite possibly the best how i've ever seen and i have seen a LOT of shows. the only thing is, it's VERY RAUNCHY. VERRRRY RAUNCHY. definitely not a show you want to watch with your parents, children, or church friends. they will most definitely roast the audience members. it's every sort of politically incorrectness thrown in your face. BUT it's not just that. all of that is seamlessly woven into breathtaking acrobatics. the venue is quite intimate so there are no "bad seats." it's a great time!!
5	Seen a ton of Cirque shows and they were all great, but this is a nice twist.  Really up close in the tent style, so you see everything.  The acts are all outstanding!  The aded raunchy comic duo is what made this so over the top awesome.  You don't just leave amazed, but you had laughed your butt off as well.  Very not-PC, so beware if you can't handle reality and only want a world of fluffy unicorns and cotton candy..... the chairs suck, as other reviewers have mentioned, but such a good show it still gets 5 stars!  A must see if you are headed to Vegas soon.
5	SHORT VERSION: OMG my cheeks hurt from laughing!LONG VERSION: Let me say that other Yelpers are right. This show is in no way politically correct. If you can leave your qualms at the door, this is one of the best show in Vegas. Amazing acrobatic performers and a ton of humor. The hostess Penny is a total riot. You'll leave with a smile on your face.
5	AMAZING! The acts and environment are incredible! The host, the Gazillionare, and Penny Pibblets are hilarious and very witty! If you don't like vulgar jokes and language then this is probably not the show for you! If you sit it the front row you will definitely get picked on! Overall it's a fabulous show! The talent is incredible!
5	This show is the perfect adult night out in las vegas. The show is raw and not for the sensitive. The jokes are adult and they don't hold back. The physical performances in the show are at the same level of CDS shows here in las vegas. A couple of other acts were sexy but not dirty which gave the show a good overall feel. The only thing I can give everyone a tip on is the seating. Your butt will hurt after 90 minutes at the show unless you sit in the back. They have old cast iron bath tubs with cushions and barber chairs. The view doesn't look that great from back there but it's available. It really doesn't matter on the comfort; the show is unique and very fun. I have to admit that I've never witnessed a woman (Penny) use that many F Bombs on stage. It was great.
4	Very entertaining. Dirty raunchy humor, don't go if you are uptight. Loved the jokes at the audience expense. It was funny. I did not like sitting on a hard folding chair though.
5	One of my favorite shows on the strip.  Not for the kids!  I've seen the show 4 times now and laugh 'til tears every time.  The talent for the show is excellent and they put on a great show.  The feats they do are great.  Seating is close to the stage regardless of your seat location.  Be prepared to be potentially picked out of the audience and ridiculed (it's all in good fun).  RECOMMENDED!!!  The jokes are (extremely) crude, but it had the crowd rolling and I loved it.  If this is the modern version of the circus, then I'm headed to the big tent again and again!!!
2	We had seen Rose, Rabbit Lie at the Cosmopolitan Hotel on a previous trip to Las Vegas.  Absinthe is the same type of show so we were excited to attend as we LOVED Rose, Rabbit Lie.  The show was good but not outstanding.  The seating is awful!  The chairs are metal folding chairs with no padding and they are tied together with zip ties so that they cannot be moved.  Be prepared to be touching the person you are seated next to.  There is limited table seating in the back of the tent that we wish we had purchased.  Plenty of room to move around.  Oh, and you really need to NOT be offended easily.  X Rated content!
5	One of the funniest shows we have ever seen! Could have skipped the gay and lesbian stuff. This show pushed every envelope and catered to almost every sense and social fear! Genius!!
5	Best show in Vegas, been there three times and would go again... Super funny and great show..
5	Best show in Vegas. Don't bring your kids and don't go if you are a prude and do not enjoy graphic puppet sex scenes. haha.  Seriously though, you will have a good time. My wife and I have seen Absinthe about 8 times over the years since it started and its been a unique and hilarious experience every time.
5	This show was a blast! Don't do go if you are easily offended. Not at all PC so expect crude and vulgar humor. If you sit close to the stage you stand a good chance of being the butt off a joke and possibly getting splashed just a little. Get there early because the line for the bar gets ridiculous about ten minutes before the show starts.
5	A great all in one show; there was amazement, there was comedy, there was sex appeal! This was my first up close and personal acrobat show but judging by the reaction from the audience the stunts were impressive and I agree. To appreciate the genre of humor used by the producer you have to understand his theme; very satirical and inappropriate, humor similar to that of Seth Macfarlane. As if the stunts aren't enough to keep your attention the performers are strip teasing in nearly every act, but they keep it somewhat modest. The slogan says it all, if you're going to see one show you should highly consider this one. Only complaints from my party were that the seats were terribly uncomfortable, however you may request a cushion, and that the show ended on a stunt that was rather unimpressive and should have been used either first or not at all, however I believe this was intentional on the producer's part (perhaps the absinthe was "wearing off" and therefore the fun too).
4	Terrific show, a must see! Well worth the price. Not a bad seat in the house in my opinion Tip: we got our tx from Tickets 4Tonight, I think we got a pretty good deal.
5	One of the most ingenious off the wall shows I've seen in forever!  Great break from the many Le Cirque and standard LV shows. Highly recommend. However only sit in first 10 rows if you are thick skinned.  Gazillionaire and Penny go off on people!
4	aving done my research ahead of time, I knew a few things going in. I didn't want to sit in an uncomfortable chair for 90 minutes and so I looked at the photos with seat numbers on them and the seating chart so that I could choose comfortable chairs along the outside. (It is not currently festival seating as others have stated). All seating seemed to offer good lines of sight so it is a matter of price and comfort.The host is rude, crude and socially unacceptable. He is also funny, very funny. Reading the reviews I was led to believe that my ears would bleed and the ushers (upon learning that I was from Indiana) bet that I would leave within 15 minutes. I admit to being kind of disappointed in that I was anticipating something that would make Andrew Dice Clay blush. Such was not the case. The emcee knew all of the basic swear words and picked on people because of their size, dress and race but nothing was shocking in the least.  His female assistant was much cruder in sexual matters (and equally hilarious).The acts all involved impressive acrobatic skills. Being in such an intimate environment made it that much more impresive as opposed to seeing similar feats from the balcony at a Cirque show.For the same price though, I prefer the Cirque shows. The acrobatic talent level seems similar, but while getting more humor you are giving up a much more grand spectacle.
5	Amazing acrobatics, cute story line, hilarious sexual jokes.  Think Cirque du Soleil+ laugh factory in old world burlesque . My girlfriends and I, all nine of us, laughed so hard, from the beginning to the end.  We were very pleased with the setting, the ambience, and the performance, and would love to come back for another laugh..again..and again.
5	Absinthe is definately bringing fusion to the show scene with a mixture of acrobatics and comedy.  Yes, the comedy is crude, but it is just so funny! Especially when they look to the crowd and bring a few people to the stage.  The acrobats are very talented...a lot better than the circ show I saw, which I really did not expect.  I could not believe some of the things they were doing.A definite must see
2	Very uncomfortable seating and poor view lines.  I wouldn't recommend anyone over 5'2,115 lbs, or with testicles to see this show.  You sit atop your neighbor, and there's a good chance your neighbor is from a Wisconsin bachelor party.Jokes are recycled stereotypes.  Raunchy is the right word, but funny is not.  Has anyone who is visiting Vegas not heard a joke about a Korean pedicurist, numerous gay slurs, or an uptight  Republican?  If you haven't heard all of these "jokes" by freshman year of college, I'd be shocked.  It's potty humor, and lacks any creativity.Comparing this to any Cirque show, or Rose. Rabbit. Lie. would be a disservice.  If you want comedy, go see a comedy show, and if you want entertaining acrobatics, there are a dozen shows in Vegas that are much more exciting.Lastly, there is nothing more annoying than the girl sidekick, Penny.  To summarize this show: It's fucking creepy.
3	Weird. The humor was stereotype racial and gay slurs. It was funny to a point...then it just was repetitive and annoying. The co-host has a high pitched annoying-nails-on-a-chalkboard voice. I don't get it. It's not cute to have a voice like that tell crude and obscene jokes, I could barely understand her half the time. The chairs were super uncomfortable and I couldn't see over the guy that sat I front of me.  The chairs are a mish-mash of metal folding chairs and wooden chairs. It was almost unbearable to sit thru the show on those chairs for the price that you pay for a ticket. I feel robbed. The acts were the saving grace...and the only reason i gave my rating an extra star. If you watch this show...here's a tip: Bring a stadium cushion...you'll thank me later.
4	Sinfully Great!Worth the 100 Hail Mary's I have to do now by going on a Sunday! I laughed so hard, loved every minute and was so sad it was over! 90 minutes flew by! Sexy singers, funniest (dirty but dead on) comedians, high (mid-high wire) wire acrobats, gymnasts that make you want to join a gym to work on your core!The ring master was so dirty making fun of the audience but they just loved it...made me wish I had purchased $$ better seats to be part of the joke! All seats were good since it is such a small "tent". The ring master's assistant and he do a dance from Ancient Greece that is hilarious! She is so silly...where did she come from?If you don't like swearing, it is true, don't go! Right up my "Archer" loving life!
5	I really enjoyed this show! It's part comedy, part burlesque, and part acrobatics.The comedy is super vulgar and raunchy, so don't come here if you don't like swearing and super sexual jokes. I know everybody in our party thought the comedy was hilarious, and we all enjoyed the acrobatics. I also thought the music they played throughout was great, and I am currently on the hunt to figure out what songs were played. The show is not actually in Caesar's Palace, it is in a circus tent outside of it. The venue is very small and intimate, so it really doesn't matter where you are seated, pretty much everybody has the same view. I would advise against sitting in the front row, as the people there were picked on quite a bit.My only complaint would be the seating sucks. They are hard folding chairs, it's very cramped, and not too comfortable. I did see some couches in the back row, if I came again, I would try to get one of those. My back was starting to hurt during the show and since it was so tight, it was difficult to readjust the way I was sitting.
4	Read the reviews and be warned, you get what you get...and if you're good with it, prepared yourself to smile, laugh, and be entertained for 90 minutes.Yes, the space is a bit different, but that's part of the appeal. Yes, the seats could be better, deal with it. Some sight lines are a bit off, so lean over and make friends with your neighbor, everyone is there to have fun!My wife and I really enjoyed the show, so would recommend it to anyone that is ok with some vulgarity, has an open mind, and is looking for a fun show.Some advice on seating - it's hard to tell on TicketMaster, but the place is very small and intimate. The seats in the back that appear to have tables would be great for a group or couple. In my opinion, the best seats are in the back of VIP 2 with the cocktail tables...good view of all the action, cocktail waitress, table for your drink, etc. We prefer and sat in an aisles, but most have a pole somewhat in the way, so if that's an issue do the center of a section.
5	BEST SHOW IN VEGAS... MUST SEE!!This show was everything you want from Vegas... They had amazing acrobatic entertainment, some burlesque inspired sets and the best part of all raunchy humor ... My husband and I were in tears .... Don't sit in the front if you don't like getting picked on ... Other than that ANYWHERE you sit has an amazing view!!! My only improvement would be the seats ... They are extremely close together (folding chairs)../ luckily we got a corner seat because I read the previous reviews ... If you aren't easily offended ... And like offensive humor this show is the one for you!!!  I would take this over a cirque show any day!
5	Last minute decision and don't regret any second of it!!! We went in a group of 10 and we ALL loved it. I cringed in the very beginning at the raunchy humor, but then I let go and had the best time. We were literally crying out laughing and everybody around was doing the same thing. Seating is not your typical Vegas comfortable one, but we didn't mind it at all. Acrobatics, music and everything else was excellent.
5	Absinthe is... unique, in a good way. It was also the most politically incorrect thing I've seen or heard anywhere, in my life. I wasn't prepared for how crude some of the jokes would be and trust me, I'm not afraid to make some pretty bad jokes. That said, once you get over how terrible some of the jokes are, it's really funny. The acts are pretty cool too. The show is very much 18+. Some of the acts are very adult themed and I would not recommend any families seeing this together. I enjoyed the show and couldn't stop laughing. Beware though, there's a 10 minute sketch with sock puppets about giving BJs. Funny but kind of weird too... If you're in the front row, prepare to get made fun throughout the show and the performers get extremely close to the front row, almost dangerously close. At the end of the show, they pick two guys to stripe tease dance for a girl they also pick from the audience. They're picked at random and they're not asked if they want to come on stage, it's basically demanded they come on stage and strip for a chick. FYI. Overall, great show.
5	Best comedy show we've seen in Vegas by far! There was a little of everything from awesome acrobatics to skits and audience interaction. VERY entertaining! We'd go again if the opportunity arises!
5	Awesome show! Probably the best one we have been to on the strip. The comedy is crude and not for everyone. If you are easily offended then this is not the show for you. We thought it was hilarious. If you sit up front there is a good chance you will get picked on. All of the acrobats were amazing and everything is up close since the performance is in a circus tent. My only complaint are the fold out chairs. After an hour it started to get uncomfortable but that's a minor issue.
4	Off beat humor, raunchy, sexual innuendoes, amazing acrobatics. Two hosts who are politically incorrect, and could care less about racial, and sexual preference sensitivity. Three words; I love it! I laughed so hard, and was in awe when need be. Go!
5	In 1999, I was a senior in high school and I was lucky enough to go on a trip with my French class to Paris. It was a dream come true for this Francophile, and I loved every minute. One of the strongest memories I have is the night at the "Gypsy Circus". My French teacher was one cool lady, and made sure we saw the authentic (and at times seedy) Paris, and this was truly it. We walked up to a ratty tent set up in a bad part of the city, and walked through the velvet curtain. Here I saw things I'd never see in small town America. There were Chinese acrobats, women hanging dangerously from silks, strong men contortionists, and even an act involving a cat. This was Cirque du Soleil  before Cirque du Soleil was a thing. It was exotic, slightly erotic, and a little strange. Sitting in the tent watching Absinthe tonight was the closest thing I've seen to the gypsy circus from my youth. Oh, and there's lots of dirty, offensive jokes and I laughed myself silly. Bravo.
5	Just go!  If inappropriate behavior and language bother don't.  Hands down one of the funniest, amazing, jaw dropping shows I've ever seen!  LOVED IT!
5	Fantastic show!!! It was my favorite show I've seen in Vegas. You need to appreciate raunchy humor to enjoy this show. There was a little of everything. The reviews I read on yelp were very true to form. Don't go to this show if your at all up tight. Acts are daring and a little scary since your so close to the stage. Loved it.
5	I really enjoyed this show. Adult humor, some nudity, standup comedy and variety acts. Must Go!
1	Horrible!  They discriminate against people of size.  We paid for vvip and was told after we sat down we couldn't fit there and either go get a refund or sit in the very back.  We paid for front row and only needed the seat moved the 2 inches we were hanging past the seat and they refused saying they need aisles for the actors even thought he would still be there irregardless if the seat moved or not.  My husband is hearing impaired so sitting in the back would be the same as not seeing the show.  Very disappointed with the managers attitude and overt distaste for us being overweight.
5	My wife and I loved this show.  It was funny, sexy, irreverent, and didn't take itself too seriously.  Absinthe is partially a parody of Cirque du Soleil shows, including one hilarious skit that takes a direct shot at the famous and over-exposed (especially in Vegas) Cirque.  The show is horrendously crude, to the point where the audience isn't sure if they should be cringing or rolling on the floor laughing.  In most cases, it's the latter.  We sat next to a really fun young couple from Australia who kept saying "you could NEVER get away saying that in our country".  They loved it.  The jokes are racist, homophobic, adolescent, and highly sexual.  Pretty much all the things we're not supposed to find funny anymore....yet the whole audience was in stitches.  The acrobatics are very good, some are almost frightening, including one where a slip could very easily result in serious injuries to the audience.  Some are quite sexually charged, with attractive members of both sexes on display throughout. If you are someone who has never found childish, crude, gutter-humor funny, you probably won't laugh, and I wouldn't pay the high price just for the acrobatics.  Stick to Cirque...where you know (exactly) what you're going to get show after show.   But if you want something different, crazy, and really funny, give Absinthe a try.
5	Absinthe was Mr. V's choice for the show. I was in charge of food, he was in charge of some entertainment. Absinthe is at Caesar's Palace, so we walked the 1.5 miles from one hotel to the next - yes, I walked in 100 degree heat with suede heels, and yes, my feet yelled at me later. This show, quite simply, is not for the faint hearted, but holy smokes, is it a terrific show. It's one part comedy, one part acrobatics, one part strip tease, one part whatthehell. Which means it's terrific all around. I would recommend this to anyone who goes. It was very intimate and close together, with a small circular stage in the middle of the tent. They served drinks, but I was abstinent for the remainder of the night, which helped with my concentration. I also didn't want to be the obnoxious OHMYGOD drunk. Because there were a few. My only wish was more nudity, but I think that is always my wish. If my feet didn't hurt as much, and we hadn't already been awake for almost 24hours, then we probably would've went to an off-Strip strip club. Not Sapphire though. Sapphire is terrible. I would recommend this show to any and everyone. Loved it.
3	I just can't believe all the 5 star reviews... This show just doesn't deserve that high, I gave 3 since I was entertained, but with the number of much better shows here in Vegas-it is NOT the best show in town! Is it funny-yes, raunchy funny. Are the acts entertaining-yes, but such a short amount of time is spent on them. Is it intimate-yes, but intimate is only good if you are comfortable... I spent the entire 90 minutes literally in my husbands lap (& he was NOT comfortable) since my only other choice was to have the stranger next to me's elbow in my chest the entire show...RIDICULOUS!!! It was SO UNCOMFORTABLE!!! These were comped tickets & we had never been before so I couldn't complain about price, but I would be OUTRAGED to have paid $200 for those HORRIBLE seats!!! I HIGHLY recommend paying xtra for seats with cushion & your own table... I've seen just about every show offered here in Vegas & being farther away, yet comfortable & having a longer more cohesive show & paying less $$$ seems to be worthy of higher reviews...
5	Saw this with three colleagues of questionable (i.e. bawdy) tastes and we spent the entire night with our mouths agape, either from laughter at the emcee and his nutty/annoying but still funny/ridiculous sidekick, or the absolutely amazing acrobatics/feats of strength.  Its super intimate and you are right up there with them.  At one point the emcee tells people in the front row not to stand up or they would 'get kicked in the f*cking face' and truly, had they stood up there would've had to have been an ambulance called.  The entire show front to back, soup to NUTS was fantastic, and I'm so glad that I went.  Even my grumbly colleagues were raving about it afterwards.My only gripe is that if you're a bigger guy (or gal) seating will be tight for you.  So get an end-seat or a table.  AND go to the bathroom before you go in, because its a straight shot from start to finish and you're not going to want to get up mid-show.  And if you're uncomfortable with racial/sexual insult humor, well, go see cirque, because you'd wet blanket the show for the rest of us.  :-)
5	If I could give this show 10 stars, I would. YOU NEED TO SEE THIS SHOW. One of the very few times in my life I've laughed so hard I cried. KEEP IT UP ABSINTHE
5	Crude yes but what a great show   Very intimate setting to see some phenom acts  we were wowed on many levels    We had a table in the back and it was perfect   The seats below looked very cramped    Would def go again but would pay the extra to sit in front row   --  so close to the acts A must see
5	This show is the best on the strip. It has everything from comedy to burlesque. Aerial acts. From the moment you walk in the entertainment is non stop. Strong language so be forewarned. I've seen this show 3 times in 3 years. Always has something new to see. Melody Sweets ( The Green Fairy) has a sultry beautiful voice. Come see the show, you won't be disappointed!
5	NOT FOR THE CONSERVATIVE. You've been warned. But if your liberal, open minded and can take some foul language, this is the show!A note on seating...any seat is a good seat! It took a while for me to decide on which seats to select and after reading some reviews, we selected some seats in the back against the wall. Glad we did, you're not going to miss anything. In fact, you'll enjoy the show more cause you're going to be much more comfortable. The lawn chairs closer to the stage are packed really close together, so, if you're packing a little extra weight, don't do it. Also, you'll be looking up for a good portion of the show, which might start to strain the next a bit.The acts were amazing. My favorite...the hand balancers. If you've seen any cirque show, then it's nothing too new, but it's an intimate venue that totally changes things up.Another note on seating...sit in the back tables and booths are. You'll be much more comfortable. Go check it out!!
5	Saw it again this past week... still funny as shit!  Penny makes the show, I wish she would have one on her own.  They added a couple of new acts that were totally unnecessary... tap dancing and beat boxing...
5	Loved loved loved this show! The best part of our Las Vegas experience! Rude, inappropriate, racist - you name it, it was in there. But amazing performances that had us sitting on the edge of our seats. And at times we laughed until we cried! I honestly didn't notice the seating tho I wouldn't sit up front unless you're happy to become part of the show. We booked thru the hotel and got great seats at a great price. See this show!
5	Such a great show! And not for the easily offended. If you have an open sense of humor and don't take yourself to seriously than check it out! Went on a recommendation of a coworker with my boyfriend and we laughed the ENTIRE time. It was hilarious, the acts were awesome. You aren't bored for one second.
5	Great show tonight. The wife and I had second row seats. The show was very  entertaining, a little raw humor, cursing but over all a great time.
5	Raunchy but well worth it! One of the best shows I have seen on the strip. Don't miss this one.
4	This show is a great mix of gymnastics, beat boxing, trapeze and a lounge act that gets REAL dirty and could be offensive if you are the sensitive type. The main trouble with the show in general is the setting or should I say, the seating. It is crazy how the chairs are literally ass to ass. I sat next to a bigger guy who was half way in my chair the entire time. If they had seating that wasn't so restrictive it would be the best thing on the strip to see! So make sure if you go that you hit the restroom before!
5	A nice aprouch for a cirque show!! You are so close to the performance it feels almost to real... extremly funny as long as you leave your inhibitions at home!
5	Hands down the best show I've seen in Vegas. From the opening act, I was continually astounded at the Feats of Strength (at least that's what I call them), and the set design, costuming and other production values were top notch. I also found the show so hysterically funny that I had difficulty staying on my chair. Anais Thomassian deserves special recognition; I was unfamiliar with this comedic actress, but her sense of timing and verbal skills were fantastic.If, on the other hand, you answered the question on your Yelp profile about the last great book you read with "The Bible," you may want to skip this one.
5	Awesome!!!! I would go a second time, this was hysterical and impressive! I was in tears from laughing so hard and felt bad for not clapping at times because I was busy with my hand over my mouth in awe at many stunt (especially the bodygaurds)!  Must see but must have a raunchy and racey sense of humor.
5	Oh my gosh!! I almost peed myself.  This is the best. It's racist. Sexist.and puppet sex. Penny is wonderful! !
5	super funny show! Small, but was entertaining though out!
5	Gonna write it again since my review was posted to my check-in... Goes to show how much I LOVED the show and couldn't wait to post a great review!AMAZBALLS!!! A definite must see for those looking for comedy, raunchy humor, and talent. This is more of a variety show with audience participation- making it seem like time went by really fast. We bought our tickets at Tix4Tonight near the Paris hotel, but those stands are all over the strip. The ticket price was $90 and that included all taxes and fees, totally worth EVERY penny! If you go through TicketMaster or directly through Cesear's, you're looking at spending about $130+...!We were sat on the 6th row and had a great view.  Like every other review on here states, every seat is pretty much great... Those sitting up front will be made fun of... and they don't hold anything back! So be ready! ENJOY!!!
5	Absolutely Amazing!We were surprised by how small and intimate the venue was, but it made the experience so much more enjoyable.This is definitely a show for the 18+ crowd who do not get offended easily.  It is raunchy, obscene and all kinds of hilarious fun.  The hosts do an amazing job and entertaining the crowd while acts are prepared, and they clearly do so with a mix of scripted comedy and clever improvisation.The acts themselves are everything you would expect from Cirque du Soleil.  Feats that will astound and amaze crowds based on strength, flexibility, concentration and pure talent.  Be prepared for the word 'wow' to involuntarily escape you frequently.We got our tickets the day of the show from a Tix4Tonight kiosk so they were also reasonably priced, and the seats themselves were in a good location.
5	Easily one of my favorite shows.   Hilarious and moves so fast.  Every seat is great.  If I say more I'll ruin it for you.  Just trust me and go.  I've seen it 8 times.  It's just Damn good.  Go go go.   Enjoy it
5	This is the best live show I have ever attended. If you see one show in your Vegas travels, Absinthe has to be it. Great and engaging from the top of the show to the end.
5	Vulgar.  Raunchy.  Awkward.Side-splitting.  Preposterous.  Very funny.Warning: those who pride themselves on being virtuous, take themselves as serious-minded, prefer a lecture than a comedy -- need not come.  Then again, maybe you should!  It's sexual, where cabaret meets burlesque meets Cirque du Soleil.In a small but amazingly decorate tent in the round on the grounds of Caesars Palace, audience members are 5-30 feet away from the action.  Incredible performances, one after the other and mostly acrobatic in nature varying from tight robe to ribbon to tap, brawn and might, beautiful bodies in action, with comedic hosting by Penny and the Gazillionaire (think Borat), who provide plenty of laughs.It's definitely a show I'll remember forever.Tip1: If you want to avoid being picked on, sit a few rows back.  If not, beware!Tip2: Not for kids!Tip3: Parents who go with the adult children -- not on your life.  Awk!
5	Not a show for everyone. You have to have a specific vulgar sense of humor to enjoy this show. Do not go here with your parents lol. I loved the performance, the style of the show and extremely inappropriate jokes
5	I've been to so many shows in Vegas but this one stands out. Why? The laughter from the politically incorrect dialogue and the the mind blowing stunts the performers do. Definitely not for everyone and you do have to have that twisted sense of humor to get all the jokes and be open to the raunchiness. Would watch this show again and again.
5	It's hard to know what to expect before actually seeing the show, but Absinthe certainly lives up to its raunchy and well-reviewed reputation. Definitely check it out if you're not afraid of penis jokes (lots of them) and x-rated comedy in general. Two older ladies in our row left 20 minutes into the show and never came back LOL.Apart from the comedy aspect, the acrobats/performers are truly talented. The roller-skating pair were particularly memorable -- I was cowering in my seat for fear of being walloped by a flying woman.We sat in the fourth row and it was plenty close enough, especially if you don't want to get heckled and/or brought up on stage.
5	This is one of my favorite shows in Vegas. It was so funny and amazing at the same time. Time had gone by so quickly. The only part I really didn't like was the girl in the bubble. I thought the show could've done without this part, but hey, I guess I can't force myself in a bubble. But other than this, the show is perfect for date night after a nice dinner.
5	Absolutely the best show ever!!!!  I laughed so hard. Penny is so funny. Acts are incredible. Don't miss this show if you like vulgar comedy.
5	Absinthe is by far the best show I've seen on the strip. It's a great mix of everything - death defying acts, sexy acrobatics, and over the top raunch-com. This show is not for the faint of heart or those that offend easily.  If you like politically incorrect/X-rated humor then this show is for you!  I'll be going back soon.
5	One of the most amazing shows ever. After reading reviews and in a spur of the moment inclination, my boyfriend and I tried to purchase tickets last minute but they were sold out online. Disappointed by not getting tickets, We decided to walk the strip over to Serendipity, when we came across Absinthe. We decided to check with the box office to see if there were any cancellations, and to our luck, there were several seats available! We snagged them immediately, and decided to get some water, since we could bring our own drinks inside. We went to a small bar close by, right outside the event, and noticed a $20 off discount off Absinthe tickets! We went back to the box office and asked the kind lady if she could still apply the discount and, to our luck, she was! We saved $40 total. As far as the show goes, it's amazing. The performances were heart stopping and mind blowing. The host and assistance were hilarious with their crude comedic puns. Definitely not a show for children under 18 because of the revealing costumes and content. Also, this show isn't for people, who get offended easily. They touch upon pretty sensitive topics, so if you're one to be inflexible, I would not suggest coming here. Other than that, if you're looking for a show that's similar to Cirque De Soleil but also different, I would suggest buying these tickets! They are definitely worth it!!
3	If I had never seen a Cirque show, I probably would have enjoyed Absinthe more.  The acts are the same... the man-on-man strength/acrobatics, the guy that balances on a bunch of chairs, death-defying trapeze and high-wire walkers... so the 3 stars are more for the ingenuity and pure outrageousness of Penny and the Gazillionaire.  The two of them had me laughing, especially with their gymnastics routine.  Sort of like you would imagine an even sleazier Borat doing acrobatics - very funny.The tight seating on folding chairs made the 90 minutes more uncomfortable than it should have been.  Tip - park in Caesar's valet if possible.  It's quite a trek to the tent otherwise.
5	Good christ this show was nothing short of amazing/terrifying/at times horrifying/un-be-lieve-able! I talked for an hour trying to recount everything about this show to someone who didn't see it before I realized it just isn't necessary to say anything more than "Go see it". P.S. If you are easily offended, this is not the show for you.
5	Amazing show, edgy, raunchy, sexy. All good things. Highly recommend. Acrobatics are nuts and the tap dancers are rockin.
5	The advertisement is correct:"If you only see one show in Vegas, make it Absinthe"This show was hilarious! OMG - I am just laughing thinking about it!The two "hosts" are so funny.  There improv is the best I have ever seen! I could have listened to them for 90 minutes by itself!As far as the acts go - AMAZING, SEXY, EROTIC, SCARY, WOWWWWThe acts were AWESOME!SEATING NOTES:If you sit in the front row you will get picked on.If you sit in the first three rows, there is a scene where you will feel you are in danger if someone were to fall.Overall, the seating is very intimate and small.It is a circle around a stage, so there are no bad seats.However, seating is very tight, and if you like to get up to go to the bathroom or get a drink, try to sit on an isle or you will make everyone stand up in order for you to get out.
5	Listen, if you do NOTHING else in Vegas, going to see Absinthe will make the trip worth it. I could've watched this show every night for my 5 night trip in Vegas and would never get sick of it.It is HILARIOUS. The hilarity is on the level of making you cry in a fit of laughter. It is not for the faint of heart. It is obscene. Let me be clearer here: THIS SHOW IS OBSCENE. Do NOT go if you're an uptight prude with a politically correct disposition. This show will offend you. I repeat: you will be offended if you have the tendency to be so!!!! Stay away! For the rest of us people with awesome sense of humor and appreciation for debauchery, comedy, sexuality, talent, deviancy, nudity, etc... YOU HAVE TO GO TO THIS SHOW. I'm not going to tell you what it's about, what kind of stunts and entertainment you will see. No. You need to see it for yourself and then you'll get it like the rest of us.
4	Definitely a great show.Just don't bring your kids here.The contents of the show are nothing out of the ordinary, but the raunchy humor that is mixed in made it very enjoyable.  Just fyi, the seats are very uncomfortable.  They are literally any sort of folded chair cramped in a small circle around the performers.  If you sit in the front, you are more likely to get picked on by the hosts.  Still, I would recommend this show for anyone who can enjoy some dirty humor.
5	Saw this show last month and it was definitely one of the best shows I have seen in Las Vegas. The gazillionaire host is great but his side kick penny wow I felt made the show aside from the acts too.If you are not easily offended and love raunchy great humor go watch this show. The setting is very intimate so no matter where you sit, it is very up close and personal.
4	Surely this show offers something for everyone, assuming you can handle some inappropriate humor and colorful language.  I thoroughly enjoyed every performance, with my favorite being the comedic "ballet" performed by the master of ceremonies himself, and his hilarious assistant.  There is just the right amount of a variety of acts and audience interaction.The venue is great in that pretty much all seats in the house are good seats.  But the small seats are really packed in and you will become best buds with your neighboring seatmates, so hopefully you land good ones!  I recommend splurging and getting the seats with tables if you prefer not to literally rub elbows with the folks next to you.
4	The show never gets boring! You must take jokes on the extreme ends to enjoy this one. Love the up-close distance of the stage and audience, you'd fear for the antics performers. Entertaining!
5	This dhow is not for the feint of heart. The jokes are crude and host (named The Billionaire) has no tact. But if you can laugh at yourself and love racist, sexist, over top dirty jokes, you'll love this show. The acrobatics were pretty damn cool too. I ended up getting randomly pulled on stage to perform a strip-off against another audience member on a third audience member for the prize of two drinks.  Definitely go!
5	Easily my favorite show I've seen in Vegas. The acts they have will blow you away and the venue is absolutely perfect. It's very small which makes it seem that much more intimate - there really isn't a bad seat in the house. We got tickets to sit at one of the few tables and they were really nice because we had much more room and somewhere to set our drinks. These seats as well as those in the first and I think second rows are considered VIP so you get to go in a separate entrance and each ticket comes with a split of champagne. The show is also hilarious - IF you can handle inappropriate, raunchy, racist, sexist, and politically incorrect humor. If you are in the front row be prepared to be called out - heck, even if you're not in the front row everyone is up for grabs. If you are easily offended this is not the show for you, but this kind of humor was right up our alley and we loved it. We have seen several Cirque shows here in Vegas and while they were obviously very impressive, Absinthe still wins.
5	This show was awesome! No other word to describe it. The jokes were hilarious assuming you can handle their humor. You can expect to get jokes about: sex, lesbians, gays, race, Nazis, politics, sex and more sex. The seating is a bit tight and it can get warm in the tent, but all that is easily forgotten when you're watching the performances. This show has got it all! Humor, romance, excitement, and much much more! Try to buy tickets online for a discounted price.
5	This show is everything you need to complete your vegas experience!!!  The venue is so unique and fun.  The talent is unbelievable!  I love that everyone is packed in.  Thats what makes the show intimate and in your face!   We were in the 2nd row, but I can't imagine a bad seat.  The show starts with a man balancing on chairs stacked to the top.. Even an audience members seat was snatched.  We also enjoyed the most intense roller skaters, tap dancers, and more!!!  Penny was freaking hilarious and inappropriate,.  I loved looking at the audience faces some definitely did not enjoy the humor haha!!!  Seriously go see this show!!
5	Absolutely FANTASTIC show!!! I will definitely return to see it again, as it has now become one of my favorite shows in Vegas!The venue is a tent set up right outside of Caesar's Palace. Funny, I've walked past many times, and just never realized that it was even there! Seating is very intimate, and there really isn't a bad seat in the house. We had the cheapest seats (we received tickets through a timeshare offer), but still got a great view of all of the action. Now, those cheap seats were rather uncomfortable, but once the show gets going, I didn't notice (much).The show itself is formatted like a traveling circus, with lots of acrobatics and dancing... And lots of raunchy jokes!! The two "hosts" play very well off of each other and the audience. Be forewarned, if you are easily offended or don't like hearing cursing, racial, or sexual references, you should skip this show, because there are LOTS of those! Additionally, if you're seated near the stage, there is good chance that you will be picked on, called out, joked with, or even called on stage!The acrobatics and acts are pretty darn amazing! True, this show might not have the elaborate staging, costuming, or production value of a Cirque show, but the talent and skill level of the performers cannot be denied. My favorite act was the tap dancers, but all of them were tremendous.Definitely go to see Absinthe- and then go see it again!
5	Hands down the ultimate Vegas show to see. There is X rated Humor throughout the show, but you won't stop laughing! The acts in between the Humor range from excitingly acrobatic, to sensually intriguing. A mix of Cirque de Sole acrobatics, Burlesque sensuality, and Vaudeville humor. Get ready for the funniest night of your life!!!!!
5	I really enjoyed this show! It was a cross between a circus, burlesque show, and stand up comedy. The setting is very intimate and every seat is close to the stage.The performers were amazing and they had a mix of events. If you are easily offended, then stay away. However, if you love a good roast, amazing acrobatics, and an overall great time, I highly recommmend Absinthe!
5	I've seen almost every show in Las Vegas and this is my favorite.  The hosts are fantastic and their humor is raw and simply "my style". The acrobatics pleasantly surprised me especially combine with the satire used throughout the performances.
5	My father and I saw Absinthe last night. We laughed so much and were amazed with the performances. A show we'll never forget. As other reviews say, if you are easily offended, don't like cursing, or do not have an open mind this is not the show for you.
5	Do you want to be entertained and feel like part of the act?  This is your show.  Are you sensitive to crude humor and sexual jokes at the expense of others?  This isn't your show.   In a quaint tent on ceasar's palace property, this show entertains.  The only draw back is that I wished the show did not end.  Highly recommend this show. I had vip seats but it looks like all seats are awesome in the tent.
5	Pretty much laughed from the second we sat down until the show was over. Haven't laughed that hard in an eternity!  The acts were great, except for the hula hoop girl. Great time, easily worth the money.
5	Hands-down!! The best show i have seen that combines stand-up comedy with some mind blowing acrobats. Whats unique about the experience is you feel like sitting in a circus. The stage is small & have seats surrounding it. Be brave to sit jn front 2 rows. A must see
5	BEST SHOW EVER. If you don't like this show, I don't think we can be friends. I still laugh out loud every time I think of the show. My face hurt from laughing so much, my eyes couldn't stop tearing from the unbelievable jokes! Amazing acts in between outrageous raunchy banter between the hosts. Do not come here with children or sensitive people. Every race gets joked about and its outright hilarious. The setting is very intimate and creates a wonderful allure.
5	My wife and I really enjoyed this show. We highly recommend it.It is hard to come up with a comment that has not already been made by other posts. It is all true.If you are easily offended - stay away.If you can take raunchy humour - then come to this show and be prepared to laugh till your sides hurt.The experience of watching these strength, agility and aerial acts up close like this is extraordinary. The muscular men and shapely woman performers are very easy on the eyes ... The burlesque parts of the show was tastefully done.The seemingly adlibbed humor of the host was very sharp witted.
5	This is hands down my favorite show in Vegas! So rude, lewd, and at times partially nude!If you're a lame person that is easily offended. You should probably stick to seeing the Mormons, Donny & Marie across the street.If you aren't lame go see it!
5	LOVE THIS SHOW!  Every time we go to Vegas, we see this show.  It's that good!!!!  They change it up a bit, so it's different every time. Plus it's just hilarious.  You need to see this show!!!  BUT!As others have remarked--this is not a show for people who do not enjoy explicit or lewd humor.  For example:  If you don't think jokes about Republicans, dirty sanchez's and ejaculating unicorn penises are funny, you're not going to enjoy the humor portions of this show.
5	I went to see this last night, and thought it was awesome!  Paid for the VIP tix, came with a small bottle of champagne.  We were in the 3rd row, and had awesome seats.I loved this show.  From the acrobatics, to the dance, to the "ring leader" and his assistant Penny.I knew going in exactly what I was getting into.  Racy/crude jokes, underdressed acrobats, uncomfortable chairs, etc.That being said, I would go back in a heartbeat.  Next time I would just pay for VIP seating, without the champagne.  Small venue, so all seats are great.I can't add any more than all the other reviewers.  If you get a chance to see it, go.  It's hard to pick a favorite act, as all of them were immensely talented.... But if I had to choose, the tap dancers were AMAZING.
5	I've seen this show twice, which is two more times than I've seen most shows in Vegas. I come to town to be a degenerate gambler and I don't usually take breaks. However, I really enjoyed all aspects of the performance.Absinthe has a great combination of acrobatics, stand-up comedy, showgirls, and very very off-color humor. Some of the acts changed between viewings, so it remained entertaining. I enjoyed the intentionally offensive humor, but your grandmother might not. So, bring folks you can look in the eye after your run-of-the-mill sex joke.
5	So far the best show I have seen! The show is very raunchy,sexual, funny and entertaining! I would definitely recommend this show to anyone who wants to laugh and be entertained.  There is a lot of profanity and sexual suggestions, but all pretty funny!Only bad thing may be the seating, it isn't the most comfortable and the seats are very close to each other.
5	LET'S TALK ABOUT SEXOh my goodness.Don't come to this show if you have any sort of delicate sensibility.  It's not for the faint of heart.The definition of raunch and irreverence, the Gazillionaire, vulgar master of ceremonies, takes aim at gays, lesbians, whites, blacks, Asians, Republicans; no one is safe.  If you're sitting in the front or anywhere near it, beware that you may be the butt of his jokes as well as be called up on stage to do some things that you may not want to in front of anyone much less a  crowd of strangers.There's cursing up the yin yang and so much talk about sex that I think I even learned some new things.While the sleazy Gazillionaire is hilarious, it's his assistant, Penny Pibbets, who stole the show for me. The ad-libbing is lightning quick and she'll leave you laughing so hard that your abs will hurt. Oh, and there are aerial artists, a high wire act, a lady singer, and an electrifying tap dance duo among other things in this show. "Absinthe" is like that famous French-Canadian circus troupe's black sheep cousin. As other reviews have stated, the seating is tight, so go with someone you really like because you'll be THIS close to each other.     Once seated, you're not going anywhere because everyone in your row will have to stand up to let you out AND you may be called out by the Gazillionaire or Penny for disrupting their schtick - beware!I don't know much about ticket prices because the BFF took me, but I'd definitely pay to see it again--it's worth it for the unique entertainment you'll receive.  Come see this twisted vaudeville circus for 90 minutes of outrageous hilarity and hi-jinks, but leave your sensitivity at home.
4	This show was awesome! Hilariously funny and entertaining. I enjoyed the side kick Penny, she kept us laughing the entire show. This show is a mix of cool tricks and sexual jokes, it's fast paced and we were always either in awe or laughing. However, my only gripe is the seating, the regular seats are fold out chairs, not that bad unless you're sitting next to a heavy set person (which we were). The seating is a tight squeeze, we were very uncomfortable, no personal space between people. Next time I would pay extra for the back seats that seemed to have more room. Overall a great show with terrible seating.
5	The best show in Vegas. Eye opening, surprising and engaging. Anything goes here - the Zillionaire has no verbal boundaries. That said, if you are easily offended, I suggest you go else where. Absinthe is like the rebellious cousin of Cirque de Soleil. Zillionaire is a Cirque alum (I think Penny is, too?) and they decided to do something more fun, more raw, and well, they probably treat their staff better than Cirque does! If you're a goth/punk/indie/not a person who likes the usual fair in life/art/music this is the Las Vegas show you must see. There isn't a bad seat in the house - we got our tickets at the Tix4Tonight booth across the street (mid level price). The seats are close to one another and uncomfortable for some people (all the older people who sat near us were whining about their butts hurting, ha!). You can pre-game outside of the tent and people watch. Inside, they serve splits of sparkling wine with plastic champagne glasses and other cocktails. Note: if you sit in the front row you will most likely get called out by the Zillionaire, and perhaps even participate in some type of...activity, with him and Penny.
5	Currently my favorite show in Vegas. I am a big fan of Cirque du Soleil, but this show made be realize how pretentious and pompous Cirque shows are and how kinda scream "we are art!" at you. Absinthe is a very vulgar and humorous take on that. I can imagine sensitive people being offended, but those would be the type of people who get offended at everything. This show is great. Lots of humor, cirque level skills and very modern. The seating is very intimate and very ghetto feeling. You sit in very cheap metal folding chairs which look like they were grabbed from everywhere they could find one for free. Its very cramps and you are very close to the stage. The stage itself is very small and Im amazed how much stuff they do on that stage. Because of the seating arrangement it sometimes is very difficult to see the bottom of the stage (especially if you are short).After seeing many Cirque shows, I find this show extremely refreshing. They even have a hilarious act that is an obvious spoof on Cirque du Soleil. I find their transitions much better the Cirque shows as they often have some clowns come on stage to provide somewhat limited humor. The transitions in Absinthe are great and very enjoyable. You are so close to the act that you can see things very clearly as well as the danger.Go see this show. You wont be disappointed. I cant wait to see it again.
5	This is tied for the best show in Vegas in my book. Was funny and also amazing. Small venue, so no matter where you sit, you seem to get a good view. There was an obnoxious drunk girl in the crowd that wouldn't shut up. The main guy actually made fun of her so bad, he had us all dying laughing before security got to her.
5	Please note this review is about a month old because I thought I had already wrote it.I had no idea what to do for my birthday so a friend of mine got me tickets to see absinthe and wow BEST BIRTHDAY GIFT EVER! I laughed, I cried from laughing, and I had a great time. This is one of the best shows I have ever seen in Vegas. Penny Pibbets and the Gazillionaire keep up the Vegas spirit of dirty talk and jokes and then the acrobat performers show off what they've got. The music was amazing I regret not buying the soundtrack while I was there. If you're going to see a show in Vegas please don't waste your money on a boring classic cirque du solei go check this show out I promise it will be worth every penny spent.My only complaint would be the seating, we had seats in the 4th row and it hurt my neck from having to look up, if you do buy your seats make sure they are more towards the back. I'm also claustrophobic but luckily I had enough bubble space but it is pretty crowded.
5	Fun fun fun! A little something for everyone. If you're easily offended by vulgar language and swearing, this isn't for you. Fantastic acrobatics and dancing and humor! This show has it all. Highly recommended!!!
5	By far the best show in Vegas. Aim for the seats in the back with the tables, you'll have a bit more space.
5	When I saw that the show was to take place in a tent, I really didn't know what to expect.  Was it going to be like the horse show Cavalia?  It turns out the inside of the tent was set up like a saloon and very intimate.  The spacing was rather tight and we sat in wooden chairs that were literally right next to each other.There were a lot of fun acrobatics: people standing on chairs, throwing each other in the air, running around inside a ball, riding a unicycle on thin rope, it was all really cool.  There was a burlesque singer who jumped in water and even 2 tap dancers.  There was also raunchy jokes (very raunchy jokes) and some audience participation in the form of lap dancing.  It's also inspiring to see how much teamwork is required in acrobatics and how much trust you have to have in your partner.  I liked how the show was somehow connected, but not really, and there was a lot of variety, so there was never a dull moment.  If you like to laugh, aren't too uptight, especially about sexuality, then you will have an amazing time.  However, if you are uptight, you may get a little offended.  Also, the director likes to pick on minorities, so if you are not a white male or female, be prepared for possible ridicule or forced participation.
5	By far the best show for my money on the strip.  Have seen this show 4 times and the latest was its best rendition so far.  I have recommended this show to many people  and taken a few people to it and they all say it was a show they'll never forget.  If you want to see a Vegas show, see this one.If you are thinking of seeing Zumanity, see this first. Baudy with lots of Sh** and Fu** humor as well as very detailed human anatomy and ethnic jokes along with half naked incredible bodies, you must be open- minded to see this show.  But this is Vegas.  This is what you came here for!  If you don't have a good sense of humor, please stay away.  Don't ruin it for others.If you get VIP seats, you must be prepared to be a part of the show which can include being mocked or used as part of the show.  Only good natured people should get VIP seats, but they are a must!! With a VIP ticket you also get a glass of free champagne or water when you enter through the phone booth.  Everything happens on or above a 10 foot diameter hydraulic stage and you can even see the sweat on their faces.The latest rendition includes the classic chair stack, Caesarian comedy duet, the tight roper frat pack, the female (lesbian) trapeze duet, the quartet of acrobats from Ukraine, the balloon act, and the gorgeous Melody Sweets as the Green Fairy.New performances included twins, Sean and John, the tap dancers.  Amazing!  They got a great ovation from the crowd.  Another new act was Lea Hinz, a beautiful brunette, and her aerial hoop routine. My gal had to hold my jaw from dropping.Back from the first time I watched are the German roller skating duo and the Polish bodyguard musclemen.  These are two of the stronger and unique performances that I was happy to see back in the show.  Penny Pibbets, the Gazillionaire's sidekick, has her own new show and has been replaced by Joy who was hilarious with some good new jokes as well as some of Penny's classics.  The Gazillionaire was great as always as your foul mouthed and inappropriate host.I was told Ming and Alexa the duo from the air strap acrobatics were on vacation. Another act that might have been on vacation was the high wet rope Russian female acrobat that the Gazillionaire calls the "Most Beautiful Woman in the World".  Both are very beautiful performances.Last, one of the most underrated aspects of the show is the incredible mix of rock, club and indie music pieces from the show - whether it is Meyer Hawthorne, Joan as Police Woman, Calvin Harris, or Muse.  If you heard something and want to know what it is, just let me know and I will tell you.
4	Its vulgar and f**ing vulgar.  Once you get past that, its hilarious and a pretty quality show.  I watched Vegas Nocturne and loved the intimacy of it.  I was so excited to see the mothership.  When we got there, the show ended up starting late.  That wasn't a big deal but we got placed in a seat in the back near the side stage.   It was the worst location!  We couldn't see anything past the 6 foot linebacker in front of us.  Next time, we won't pay for the cheap seats.  Luckily, we were able to switch seats since it was a lighter night.  But after that, it was a great variety show experience!
5	So first off, this show is not for those easily offended. That said, it is hilarious and totally worth the money. I have seen many shows in Vegas but this is by far the best. There is a great mix of raunchy comedy, graceful acrobatics, and cirque type experiences. There isn't a bad seat in the tent, and despite the fact you are a little crammed in and forced to sit on folding chairs, you quickly forget about these minor issues as soon as the show starts. They have done a great job with pacing and I must say I haven't laughed that hard in a show in a long time.
5	Absinthe is probably my favorite show in Vegas ever! And I've seen several of the cirque shows (including O, Michael Jackson One, Zumanity, Criss Angel), Le Reve, and others. Absinthe was able to combine several elements of raunchy literal LOL comedy, impromptu jokes, audience participation, and jaw dropping acrobatics and entertainment. Yes, the jokes are lewd and at times, grotesque, but c'mon life is way too short to take yourself too seriously. Have a drink, sit back, and enjoy the show. Seriously, I had to catch myself from laughing too loud because I didn't want to irritate the people I was sitting next to. It was that funny. The tent is super cozy and intimate and the decor complements the circus type feel perfectly. So next time you're in Vegas, do yourself a favor: check in to get $20 off your ticket and go see this show!
5	The show was awesome.  The setting is very small but this just adds to the the show.  You are able to see how hard the acrobats are working.   This is very evident with how much they are sweating and muscles trembling.   The comedy portion is hilarious but can get pretty raunchy and politically incorrect so don't go if you get offended.   There is also the chance you may be the target of some of the jokes. It is also very sexually suggestive but no full nudity,  they do go down to pasties.
4	Very funny-poked fun of one and all. Good performances on stage. The ringmaster was hilarious, as was his sidekick Penny. I would recommend to anyone looking to laugh, but be aware-the tickets are pricey!
5	Five star entertainment......funny, raunchy, breathtaking, exciting, brilliant...worth every penny to be be dazzled by brilliance for 90 minutes...GO SEE THIS SHOW...that is all
5	I have been to "The dream", "Totem" and this one only. I would say there's a lot of concepts/acrobatics common in all these cirque de soleil performances but Absinthe by far was the funniest such performance. Except for 2 performances (lady with the ballon and the singer) the rest were awesome. The clown was also hilarious although he was picking on the audience randomly with his rated comments. Overall very good, but wish it was a bit more that 90 mins.
4	This show its worth the money and time its freaking awesome . If you like vegas style show you need to check this one out for sure you going to love it
5	Best show that I have seen in Vegas. Combination of comedy,acrobatics and singing. Definitely recommend watching this.
4	Oh, Absinthe...what can I say?   My first trip to Vegas this Christmas definitely did not disappoint!There is so much to enjoy about this show if you keep an open mind.  I happen to be a girl with a very dirty mind, so the sexual jokes from Penny had me bursting into guffaws constantly.   This is an adults-only crowd, folks, so leave the kids at home.My only issue (and it is a slight one) is with *some* of the racial humor...personally I don't find that funny at all.  And no, I'm not some ultra-liberal PC type but I am of mixed race and some of it made me a bit uncomfortable.  I wasn't offended but I don't see the humor in telling an elderly Japanese lady (a member of the audience) that internment camps were a positive experience, know what I'm saying?   Sexual humor is cool but racist humor is kind of icky, in my humble opinion...I'm sure others might feel differently.But as to the rest of the show, HOLY.COW.  Oh my stars!  The acrobatics were insane.  So much energy, so many beautifully fit performers with talent for miles.  I loved the German roller skating duo most of all...Sven and Roma were so hot and their partnership was so harmonious.  The crowd went nuts with every performance.  The intensity was simply magical.  The two girls from the Netherlands did a wonderful trapeze show that had everyone cheering as well.The twin brothers, Sean and John, are excellent tap dancers and they also performed a little "step" show.  The bubble girl Charlie Starr was so cute!  I remember when my body used to look like that.  *sigh*   All of these folks seriously rock at what they do.  Another issue some people might have (I see it's been mentioned) is that yes, the seating is very cramped.  It isn't the most comfortable situation but it was somewhat bearable for us that night.  Some dude in the row in front of me stood up on a chair to take pictures with his group before the show, lost his balance, and spilled beer on my lap...ugh.  But thankfully that didn't stop my enjoyment of the show.  When I return to Vegas, I might decide to hit up Absinthe again.  And hopefully, just like this time, the Gazillionaire won't notice me!   I'm very shy and I just want to enjoy the show from a distance.
4	The show was INSANE! Fun times! Don't go if you are easily offended. spectacular must-see show. I've see many shows in Vegas and this was one of the best. I laughed so hard my face hurt.  Seats are unassigned and not very comfortable, but who cares, you will be on edge all the time anyway!
5	Great show. As others have said comedy meets cirque meets burlesque. Not for anyone who is offended by raunchy or racial comedy. But, if you have this kind of a sense of humor, it's great. NO bad seats, either. Can't go wrong.
5	best.show.evereven better than all the cirque du soleil shows.worth ever penny!and i was sober the entire show(i don't drink)
5	I've wanted to see Absinthe for ages, but I never saw they offered a local's special to entice me. I'm glad it has had great success, though; I'd hate to think I could have missed it. It's really well done! I love the intimate theater. I don't love the uncomfortable seating, but the off color jokes and superb entertainment more than make up for it. We saw Absinthe shortly after Penny Pibbets left to perform her own show at the Arts Square Theater. Joy Jenkins now fills the role of the Gazillionaire's assistant, she was awkward and hysterical. I hear the show isn't as quick paced, but I didn't notice. Her and Gaz played off each other well. The audience participation is a load of laughs. The acts felt more spectacular than, dare I say it? Cirque du Soleil. Don't get me wrong the talent that goes into Cirque shows is mesmerizing, and visually, those shows are stunning. Absinthe, however, is raw, sexy, funny and in your face. You can look the performers in the eye, see their muscles flex and veins bulge when demonstrating their amazing strength. The roller skating bit had me so tense and nervous for the female performer - I was in awe. The connection is incredible. If you haven't see it yet. Don't hesitate, go check it out.
