5	Newly opened Chicago style burger, Italian beef and Chicago dogs.Nice menu, friendly staff and very clean place.  The  1/3lb ground chuck burger, cooked to order, was splendid, as is everything in this little place, including the fries!We had the burger, fries and drinks (the combo).  It was one of the best burgers I've eaten, home or away!  Since it is made to order, it is cooked to the degree of doneness desired and the fries (huge portion) can be salted to order when they come out of the fryer, crinkle-cut and golden brown.  I can't wait to try the rest of the menu. Simply stated, if you want a great homemade hamburger, this is It!  Great parking as well.
5	I have tried their burger & beef and loved it!  It's great that there is a place in AZ that serves Chicago style fast food.  The quality of the ingredients is excellent.   They are open later on the weekends which is a plus for those late night cravings.
4	Found this place via Yelp! so I had to add my accolades to keep this train rolling.  My chili cheeseburger started out as a ball of meat on the grill - no frozen or pre-formed patties here!  The homemade chili is just the right amount of spicy.  I will definitely be back to try other menu items (like the Chicago dog).  Finding this place in the shopping plaza is not the easiest task, but perseverance will pay off - I know y'all are up to it.
4	*3.8*I was craving a hot dog today and was near Ted's but remember I had bookmarked Lobby's and decided to try it. New, nice and simple interior. Not busy even though it was lunch time, I guess because it's a new place. Service was very good. I ordered a hot dog, fries and soda. I got my soda and my food was brought to me. The fries were very good, I would have liked them to be hotter though. My first impression when I saw my hot dog was what the..?!!! The relish was radioactive green! It looked fake. I am not familiar with Chicago style hot dogs, so I wonder if the relish is supposed to look that way? In any case, the relish was a tad too sweet for my taste. The hot dog was tasty and the bun was delicious!! Fluffy and fresh, could have eaten it even without the hot dog.Being a new local place I wish them luck and will continue to visit to try other items. The burgers and beef sandwiches looked great.
4	I finally made it here yesterday and really had a good time.  Its a chicago style menu, with mostly burgers and chicago style hotdogs.  I went with the chicago style hot dog, and it was very tasty and filling.  I was impressed with the fact that this guy made his own chili.  I loved it! very meaty and had just enough spice to make my mouth happy.  I will gladly return.  Plus, the guy who helped me was wonderful!  Yay for Lobbys!
5	Good Italian Beef and Sausage sandwiches.  I stopped at Lobby's after reading Allison L's review in Yelp.  They were both good, the review and the eatery.    I grew up in the suburbs of Chicago and ate Italian Beef and combo sandwiches several times per week.  Great after school food, or when we could sneak out of school for lunch.  Nothing is better on the way home after a night out on the town.  Walking into Lobby's the place is sparkling clean and new.  There are nine or ten tables in the dining area.  As you approach the counter and order your food you can watch it being prepared.  The servers take great pleasure in creating sandwiches exactly the way you want them.  The nice feature about this place is your food is prepared when you order it, never ahead of time.  It doesn't seem to take any longer than the places that prepare the food ahead of time.  It just tastes better.  Italian beef is a slow cooked roast beef that is thinly sliced then simmered in a tasty au jus.  The beef at Lobbys is tender and tasty.  I like the combo sandwich with both beef and sausage, then add sweet peppers  and some gardiner peppers on the side.  The sausages are delightful and tasty.  The  Italian beef is served on a french roll that is baked fresh.  Lobby's has good bread.  They add just enough au jus to the bread to make it tasty without ruining the bun. Lobby's cooks crinkle cut french fries.  Authentic Chicago style tasty fries.  I love them with thick Heinz ketchup.  I haven't tried the hot dogs yet.  That is where I have to differ from Lobby's on the authenticity of 'Chicago Style' dogs.  To my mind an Chicago style dog is steamed not grilled, topped off with fresh condiments and served on a steamed bun with poppy seeds.  I know you can't taste poppy seeds but they give the sandwich the occasional surprise crunch!  Lobby's grills the hot dogs, tops them off with fresh condiments and serves them on a steamed bun.  They get points for doing a good job.  I haven't seen any poppy seed buns west of the Mississippi yet.  Maybe it is just a Chicago thing.  The staff is friendly and helpful and will take time to explain the menu if you need it.  The drinks are one size fits all, giant 32 oz monsters.The nice thing about writing these Yelp reviews is I get to thinking about the delicious beef sandwiches and now I have to head back to Lobby's for another one!    See ya there!
5	Yum. This is the best Chicago style dog I've had outside of Illinois. That neon green relish? It's called "nuclear relish" and it is totally at home on top of that poppy seed bun. Son had the bacon cheeseburger with their special sauce (which IS NOT 1000 Island dressing). Amazing. Fresh beef, juicy, hand cut pickles...and those french fries! You totally think that they will be a public school cafeteria grade spud but that is not the case. Fresh, hot, perfectly salted, real potatoes and the price to feed a family with this quality of food was highly reasonable. Also, you can never go wrong with a bucket o' soda to wash all of it down with and that's what you get with the combo.I totally recommend. Just don't affect a weird "da bears" accent when you're ordering your food. That makes you the person who tries to order in all Spanish at Macayo's. They don't care and then people like me write about you in yelp reviews.
5	My husband & I tried this place together and we keep coming back for more!!  I LOVE the italian beef sandwich his favorite is the the chili cheeseburger!!  Excellent customer service, very clean and in a great location.  Will definitely recommend to friends and family.  Can't wait to go back for the Chicago Dog..YUMMY!! =)
3	I am typically a Chicago hater because they take very delicious things, mix it up just to be different, and then pretend it is better.  Almost every place I have tried around here has been crap but I have not been able to tell if the entire concept sucks or just those establishments.  I am always looking to try the most authentic in order to make a better assessment of their style.  I already know their pizza sucks, no need to investigate further.  But, the dogs have always intrigued me.I checked out Lobby's based on the Yelp reviews.  First trip there I had a Chicago Dog and chili fries.  Both were quite good.  I still think the dogs are way over done especially since the actual dog isn't that good or special, but the toppings seemed fresh and were tasty enough.  Of course with all that wetness the bun blows out on the bottom which irritates me a bit.  The entire purpose of the bun is to hold the hotdog, if it fails, the entire thing fails.  But, the flavor was good so I approve, even dispite the mess.  (Ted's is still the real deal for REAL dogs)I went back another time to try the Italian Beef that I hear so much about.  It was alright and similar to a french dip without the dip.  It seems to be another dish that Chicago-ans hijacked, renamed, and made it a little less good.  With that being said, it was still tasty, just not the best.  In summary, the food isn't too pricey and is quite tasty.  Will I abandon the traditional and superior styles of food for this stuff?  Absolutely not, but it is always good to mix it up.  If I wan the best though I will stick with getting my pizza, hot dogs, baseball, and football from NY/NJ. This place is clean, close and the staff is friendly.  I may be a little tough on the Chicago stuff, but this place is alright in my book.
4	I am always on the prowl for a good burger so when I heard there was a new burger place in Tempe I knew I had to try it out.The boyfriend and I went to Lobby's on a Friday night. It was not busy but the location doesn't really lend itself to busy. So we were able to walk right in and order. It's an order at the counter and grab a seat kinda place. We both ordered cheeseburgers and got an order of fries to share. I liked that the burgers were not pre-made frozen patties. They threw down two hunks of beef on the grill.The burgers were tasty, a nice size - not too big, not too small - and the fixin's were fresh. So was the bun. The fries were crinkle cut but they were crispy and good.The atmosphere was fine, good for a quick sit-down and the staff was friendly.I hope they can survive in this location because they are worth a repeat visit for sure.
5	Best Italian Beef this side of the Chicago River!  This restaurant is very clean, staff was fast and friendly and the food is excellent!
4	My first visit at Lobby's was a good one. There was no one there when my boyfriend and I arrived. We couldn't tell if it was even open. I liked the fact that the place is simply decorated  and clean. They don't have much on their menu, just burgers, beef sandwiches, and hot dogs with all the fix-ins you'd want to put on them. I really liked how they're burgers are hand-crafted and they make their own roast beef for their sandwiches.Their prices are good  for the quality of food you get. The combo is well worth it, for an extra 2.79 you get a large drink and a large amount of fries. It's a good place to take a family and some friends, its a nice and quiet place with very friendly staff.
4	Lobbys first grabbed my eye when dropping off a Blockbuster movie. The location had been vacant for some time after Extreme Pita left. I was excited to hear this was a burger place. I finally gave the place a try tonight and wasn't disappointed. I had the double burger with cheese. All burgers come with lettuce, tomato, onion, large pickles slices and homemade sauce on a sesame bun.The meat is high quality (not frozen), seasoned  and cooked to perfection. Topped with cheese and you have a real delight. After I ate my burger, I wish I had more! I'm a big fan of the crinkle cut french fries. I haven't had those in a LONG time. I found the fries a bit too salty. I like salt on my fries, but this was a tad much. You receive a very large portion of fries (perfect for me). You could probably even split the fries with another person if you wanted. You can make any meal a combo meal (fries/drink) for $2.79 more.The price of the burgers and hots dogs are very reasonable for the quality of food you are getting.  Based on the size you order, you're looking  at $4-6.50 w/o cheese.I do wish there was more than just 1 size of drink and not in a styrofoam container. I could go for something a little smaller than a super big gulf size-32 oz.I hope this place does well as they make great food. This isn't an ideal location unless you know about the place, but I think Lobbys can do well with some more publicity and word of mouth.  The reviews on Yelp are a good start.If you like burgers as much as I do, give this place a shot! 4.5 stars!
4	Of all the new additions (Smash Burger, Five Guys) to the already flourishing Tempe burger scene (Fatburger, Chuck Box, Ted's), Lobby holds its own with a combination of taste and price. The burgers are freshly made, well-topped and well-cooked. At $5, that's a great deal - and a spectacular alternative to fast food.I'm personally partial to the Chuck Box, but if it wasn't for the location, Lobby might knock the Box down.
4	Oh, wow...I just got back from Lobby's and I have to say that I'm extremely happy! I tried their bacon cheeseburger and their Italian beef with giardiniera. This is another one of those places that claim Chicago flavors and actually have them. I'm definitely going to be back here to try their Chicago dog and if that is made with as much quality as the other food, Lobby's will get five stars from me. If you're craving a burger or Italian beef  in Tempe, check them out! This place should have a line out the door!Thank you Lobby's! I will be back soon; keep up the amazing work!
5	Lobby's is within bike riding distance from my pad which rules since I really loved the burger but a petite girl like me has to be careful about what I stuff my face with and I will be eating many Lobby burgers!I had the basic burger with bacon and fries.  The size of the burger was perfect and cooked to perfection.  I loved the slightly charred crust and the flavor was robust.  I usually add condiments to my burger but left it as is trusting that the Lobby boys would know what tastes best and they certainly did.  The lettuce was crisp and the tomato was thick sliced and firm. I am for sure going to add cheese the next time, which is something I never do, but it just seems right.  The fries were just as good, crisp on the outside, tender on the inside.  I think I have found a way to enjoy exercising more, ride to Lobbys and chow down then ride home.  Yea everyone wins!
4	I'm from Chicago and found myself craving a taste from back home. I had no clue where to start my search as there have been a few "Chicago style" places that have popped up around AZ and faded away... but after having a taste of Lobby's I hope they're around for a while.The service was friendly and they cooked my food fresh. The wait was minimal and I was really pleased. I was craving Portillo's and this came kinda close... well, close for AZ lol.I ordered the Chicago style hot dog, cheeseburger, fries and a drink. Everything tasted really good and just like back home.If you're craving something that taste authentic to Chicago please check this place out. I don't think the hrs are listed on their site, but they're open until 10p.
5	As promised, I returned to Lobby's, tried their Chicago Dog and I am now giving them five stars. So far, that's the best Chicago Dog I've had in AZ. The only other thing they could have done better would have been to char the dog on the grill. Thanks again, guys! I'll be back soon to try the Italian sausage and the Maxwell!
5	Headed back to Lobby's. How I missed this tasty burger. I wasn't disappointed with round 2. The burger was still fantastic! I'm also happy that the fries were a little bit less salty than my previous trip. With any burger purchase, getting the combo pack (fries/soda) is the smart choice.I do wish that they would lose the styrofoam soda cups and offer more than one size of drinks.Make sure to grab plenty of napkins before you sit down. The burger can make a mess with the homemade sauce dripping off the meat and bun. That's a good thing in my opinion!
5	I'm a coffee shop fiend, and can be found hanging around Xtreme Bean and Goldbar (though not much of late). After sucking down iced tea and coffee all morning, I (like everyone else out there) tend to need something in my stomach other than liquid and caffeine. When this is the case, I head to Lobby's Beef Burgers and Dogs. Honestly, I was highly skeptical prior to my first visit. A one off restaurant, with limited word of mouth, that deals in cheeseburgers, dogs, and Italian beef and sausage. Chicago style, at that.  (Ok, I'm a born and raised NY'er, so my bias was seeping in a bit). I decided i was give them a month or 2 after they opened to try them out. After all, they basically deal with fast food, and if If i wanted that, hell, I'd go to McD's. Taco Bell, or Jack's, all of which are within a literal stones throw from Lobby's door.  Finally caved one day, and walked my fedora capped self across the street to Lobby's, ordered a Bacon Cheese Burger, and in all honesty, was taken by surprise. Burger meat at Lobby's is fresh ground, the buns are tasty, the bacon is crisp. And juicy. All of which are vital to a successful Bacon Cheese burger. I normally get my order as a Combo (which includes a Bucket o' Soda, and crinkle fry's only made when you order them). Its almost 3 bucks more, but well worth it. Rarely will a burger, fry's, and a drink leave me stuffed, but Lobby's does it every time. They also have here what I consider to be the best Italian beef in the valley. Hands down. Now, my opinion may not be equivalent to that of some food critic, but the beef here is awesome. Thinly sliced, cooked in its juices, with cheddar or provolone cheese, its a hell of a sandwich. You can get it Hot or Sweet (if you are a pepper person, which I am), for extra cost,  or you can get it plain. Admit defeat before it gets your table, you're going to need a fork to eat the remains that fall out. Did I mention that the beef is piled in the bread to overflowing? And covered in juice? I mean drowned. Drenched. If you're at all like me and like your Italian beef swimming, Lobby's does it perfectly. Also, the staff here kicks ass. Everyone is really friendly, helpful, and takes pride in their food. If you're staying to eat there, you won't get out without someone genuinely asking if everything was good.
5	Let's face it, there are a lot of places to get a good gourmet burger, including my back yard, but the yummiest burgers are at Lobby's. Lobby makes the rest look average. Whenever I am in the Tempe area, I always make it a point to pick up and take home burgers (you can dine in as well). If you are in the mood for a juicy burger (and quick) they are way better than any fast food, but not priced much higher. ...AND they are actually better than most sit-down restaurant's burgers. Great seasoning, lightly toasted bun, "special sauce", and made to order; simple or the works.  They have other items on the menu, but I haven't gotten past the burgers yet. For god's sake ask for the "specially prepared peppers" on your burger, baby (methinks they are stewed and dang they're good). Plus - you know you love it when the owner takes your order... Lobby works the joint himself most days.
5	Took the family to dinner here tonight.  I have passed it a few times, and finally stopped in.  The prices were good as we fed our family of 5 for 28 and some change, granted my two boys split a bacon cheeseburger, but it was plenty for the two of them, and I quote "mom this is one of the best burgers I have ever tasted" and "mom, this is super yummy!"  The crinkle cut fries were made to order, absolutely delicious.  My husband and I shared the "burger" and we were super impressed.  The pickles were fantastic, the cheese was real cheddar, shoot, everything was freaking fantastic.  We also had to try the "Chicago dog," I am not a big sweet relish person and next time would opt for the chili cheese dog, but if you like that sort of thing it was great!  We also got a side of chili cheese fries, the chili was great, and cheese and chili were both piled high on top of those delicious fries.  We will for sure go back, and I hope that they make it!
4	For Arizona, this is not a half bad Chicago style food. Although one of the employees said that they use Vienna beef hotdogs, I dont believe him. It didn't taste like 'em. The Italian beef combo was pretty true to the OG; however, the hot giardiniera was extremely salty. The chili cheese--Cheap, salty, greasy, fried, processed "cheese", spicy chili (basically how it should taste)--bomb.
4	I'm from Chicago and like this place. the fries n beef and hot dog are Chicago but that burger is not! but it is still good and juicy and full of flavor! and the fries are DA bomb! but beef wise there are alot better, they were dry and bland! and there bacon Burger has no bacon, the two smallest pieces i ever had. i would go to Luke's or Al's for beef's. but i stop here few times a month
4	Awesome Italian beef, just FYI it is soggy but that's how it should be!!! My wife and daughter had the burgers and they were very good! I want to go back to get a bacon cheeseburger. Fun place and staff was very nice. My wife has to have her beef cooked well done and they obliged and she didn't have to send it back which she often does. They had a "man vs. burger" contest while we were there which was entertaining! I will definitely recommend and visit often.
5	So I have started to come to the realization that I am getting older. What is it that made me start to accept this fact? The two day hangover. The two day hangover is very similar to the one day hangover including the cravings for some of the greasiest, not good for the pool body, food you can find, that's where Lobby's comes into play. After another long but epic weekend in old town I found myself reminiscing about the blurry weekend with my coworker on Monday morning. The next thing you know lunch had arrived. With that two day hangover still lingering for both of us we agreed grease is the answer. Thanks to fellow yelpers I came across Lobby's on the top ten hottest restaurants. Now I work in Tempe and the food selection in my opinion is far from stellar so I when I saw Lobby's only a few blocks from the office I was sold. Now I am a California guy grew up in Nor Cal so no true passion for Midwest food other than the fact that every time I have had it I was happy with the results. This is no exception. We walk in and are greeted by the owner. I look at the simple yet delicious looking menu and just stare. He can tell I am having some trouble so to ease my pain he suggest a full  Spicy Italian Beef  sandwich full dip with fries and a drink. Without hesitation I agree. This by far one of the best Italian beef sandwiches I have had. The beef was tender; the bread was great and the spicy peppers gave it the kick it needed. I know the full dip is the classical way to go but I would probably go California style next time and get the au jus on the side got a little to soggy for my taste. Honestly if I could make up cool phrases like Guy Fieri does on Triple D I would use everyone I had here. This is a must hit in the East Valley. Sorry Luke's the competition has arrived.....
5	When I first dreamed up how this review would go, I intended to say "Chicago dog fans, your savior is here" and leave it at that. The problem with that is I've tried some of the other offerings of Lobby's and have realized how much more they have to offer.Yes, absolutely, this is THE place to get a Chicago-style hotdog. There are other hotdog joints, but none of them seem to offer an authentic Chicago dog experience. You will not find a single ingredient missing and it is all made fresh right before your eyes.Having said that, there is far more to Lobby's than just the dogs. Their fries are amazing and extend into "how-will-I-ever-eat-anything-else?" territory with the addition of chili and cheese. They also offer a burger made for bragging rights: 3 lbs. of delicious cheeseburger. Finish it quick enough and you'll have your picture added to the hall of fame. Plus, the staff is always very friendly and the place is always immaculate.When my 3-year-old nephew dined with us here, he had a plain hotdog. He smashed the bun flat against the hotdog and told me it tasted better that way. That's not particularly important for the review, but I wanted to share that anyway. So, there you go. Lobby's has quickly turned into one of my favorite go-to restaurants.
5	Excellent burger spot! I will be back!
5	All I hoped for and more! I'm from the Chicago suburbs and was basically raised on hot-dogs (I hit up Portillo's whenever I go home) and Lobby's hot dog combo really hit the spot for me. I'm not a fan of the smokey links you can get at Ted's, or the thin buttery "bun" of the Dog House - just not my ideal. (....honestly, my favorite hot dog is a plain Nathan's roasted over a campfire... :-O )Lobby's dogs aren't steamed and the casing isn't thick like the Chicago dogs I'm used to, but instead of taking away from the authenticity, I would call this an upgrade! I like the texture of a grilled dog better - less rubbery more meaty. The overall effect is tasty and juicy! Add fresh condiments, a spotlessly clean and cheery space, friendly staff and, although this part might not be authentic either I find it to be another upgrade... you don't leave there reeking of fried grease from every pore! Sounds from the reviews like I'll have to go back to try the Italian Beef if I can resist getting the hot dog again. May have to get both... :-)
4	This place is a pretty nice little spot in Tempe. They are in the building where extreme pita used to be next to blockbuster.I came based on the yelp reviews and ordered an italian beef with gardinera. It was very good. Nice and wet and the gardinera is nice and hot. The fries were also fantastic. there was so much food that i couldn't even finish on a day where i went in hungry.It was also fun that they were doing a Man vs Food style competition all day with a challenge to eat a 3lbs burger with toppings in 10 minutes. Two guys tried it while i watched and made for a fun time. The staff made sure it was a fun event.
3	I have to say that I really don't understand the hype around this place. Maybe we went there on an off day. Maybe it's because I was born in raised in Chicago and am picky when eating at a place that says they are "chicago style".I ordered an italian beef sweet. My friend ordered a chicago dog and we got a cheese fry. The beef itself was great but there were barely any peppers on the thing. Normally I like my italian beef soaking but this one tasted funny. I couldn't eat it. I just ate the meat inside. The chicago dog was cooked with way too much grease and the bun was soggy. At least they have all of the ingredients which are hard to come by. The cheese fries were decent. It also took them a lot of time to make a relatively small order. I have to say that for Tempe, the place is ok. I don't think it's anything special though. I'll have to try it again and see if maybe the service and the food is better in the afternoon instead of at night. I really wanted this experience to be great but alas it was not.
4	Burger- very good... everything one could want in a stacked burger.Chicago dog- never had a real Chicago dog, so I do not know how authentic this is. I do know it is the bomb and I will have to compare when I am in Chicago later on this month.Chili Dog- BOMB!!!! This was my favorite item I had. Cheesy, chili, onions...
3	Good burger.Flavorless Italian Beef.Ore-Ida crinkle cut fries.I'd go back for the burger if I'm in the area.  Better than Five Guys but not better than Chuck Box.A friend who came with liked the Chicago dog.
4	Delicious Italian beef sandwiches.  The broth on the Italian beef is very nice- flavorful, not too salty, and you get the option of full dip or half dip depending on how saturated you like your sandwich.  They also have authentic Chicago style hot dogs, complete with neon green relish and poppy seed bun.  I had some of the hot dog, and while it was pretty good, the Italian beef was the better of the two.  The chili cheese fries are also quite tasty, and are covered with a good amount of cheese and chili.  The owner here was very friendly and thanked us for our patronage.  I'd like to go here again to try a chili cheeseburger.
3	Very clean, bright and friendly.  I had the italian beef cuz I had it in Chicago and trying to find it out here as good as it is there.   While large portion, IMO the sandwhich didn't live up to its size.
4	Pretty good. They have actual poppy seed buns that taste like what I remember when I used to go to Chicago. Had the Chicago style dog with chili cheese fries--health food, in other words. Good all around, though I thought just a little on the pricy side...about $10 for the fries, hot dog and a drink. Nothing fancy here, but good for what it is.
3	Apparently Arizona loves its hot dogs.  We were craving Chicago style hot dogs, so we decided to give it a try. The bun was a little soft for our liking. The ingredients were fresh from the onions to the tomatoes. The peppers were nice and spicy. The pickle was large and crunchy. The hot dog was good, tasty and not overly broiled, but it could have been bigger. Even though the hot dog wasn't as big as we'd like, surprisingly it kept us full. Overall, it was an above average Windy City dog. We are still planning to eat at Ted's since it has better Yelp reviews.
5	I love this place! The owner is an awesome guy who's usually there during the day, making sure all the food is wonderful. They make some of the best chili I've ever had. The beef sandwiches (I get them with hot peppers and cheddar) and the cheeseburgers are must haves. All the food is cooked fresh within sight! I crave this place on a daily basis and I usually end up going 3-4 times a week. The prices aren't bad, a little pricey for myself (a broke, hungry college student) but the portions are always generous. I would take a star off because they don't have milkshakes (and I would sure love a good milkshake with this food) but everything else is so good that giving only four stars wouldn't do it justice!
5	I walked up to the counter and said, "I'll have an Italian Beef, Hot, with provolone and hot Giardiniera, Full Dip"!Lobby (I don't know if that's his name, but he's the owner and the place is called "Lobby's", so...) looked at me, puzzled and said "what part of Chicago are you from"?I know...ending a sentence with a preposition...so authentically Chicago!He was puzzled because my accent ain't exactly South Side...but I've spent a lot of time in Chicago over the years and one of the things that I developed there is a taste for Italian Beef Sandwiches, made just the way they make them at Lobby's...WOW is that good!I was extra fortunate today, because he had just taken 50 lb's. of roast beef out of the oven, to  slice up for my sandwich (well, OK, and other peoples sandwiches, too)...and I got to stand there and snorkel in the aroma as they unwrapped the top of the roasting pans, right on the counter in front of me!The aroma of roast beef, oregano, pepper, onion, garlic...in other words, exactly what you want your roast beef to take a bath in!Lobby makes his own marinade and roasts the beef wet, low and slow in a method that I like to call "nearly perfect"...he is proud of his place and of his food, and it really shows!For me, it always starts and ends with the food itself.Oh sure, I like to be pampered with spectacular service and surroundings as much as the next over-fed, self-absorbed, slightly insecure Brahmin, and the service was good and the place is clean and bright...but it really is about the food.And the food here is remarkable...a simple menu of Beef, Hamburgers and Hot Dogs...done the way that Lobby grew up loving in his hometown of Chicago and done with loving care...the result is a Chicago style food experience that almost can't be matched here in the desert!I do like my sandwiches and I did, would and will go out of my way to drop by Lobby's for their signature item (BTW, notice the name...it isn't Lobby's Burgers and Dog's...make no mistake, the Italian Beef is the big deal here).While there are couple of places around here that make an Italian Beef that comes close to Lobby's, none of them have invited me to smell the wonderful aroma of the beef just as it comes out of the oven and that made Lobby's a 5 star experience today!And for those of you concerned about where my nose has been, well, I keep my nose clean...at least that's what I tell my parole officer.
5	Stopped in here to meet with family yesterday.  the crew was friendly and was wonderful to everyone (they even took the time to walk an injured gentleman to their car after he finished).  Then there is the food their burgers were fresh and delicious and not too greasy their Italian beef sandwiches were met with fanfare as well.Also they have a challenge for those who are really hungry if you dare, I believe it was an over 3lb burger, almost a Man vs. Food challenge :-)
4	Today I had the Chicago Dog and while it was good I probably wont be ordering it again. It's slightly pricy for what it is. I've had the italian beef and the burger on previous visits and enjoyed these items much more. The burgers and beef sandwiches are juicy and delicious. They also have my favorite type of fries- crinkle cut! Yum!My BF and I were the only ones there the entire time of our visit which is a shame because the food here is good!
4	Lobby- ya burgahs are da bomb...da bomb... nuff said. The gentleman in front of me was regaling the owner with the deliciousness of his intended order...So, how could I turn down such a glowing review. I went with the burger and he got it right, the burger is da bomb. It is astounding how fresh the  bun, the pickles and lettuce are..crispness you can take and the burger is juicy.. The fries are absolutely addicting. Crinkle cut and taste amazing. Pippin' hot.. I love this place, Lobby ya burgahs are da bomb!
5	Wow, serious burgers served here! If you are in the mood for a burger then i can't think of a better place to go. They also serve italian beef, chicken sandwiches, sausage sandwiches and chicago style dogs (I'll have to try that next time, they might serve as a respectable hold-over when a proper trip to johhny's isn't in the cards). Everything is made from scratch when ordered.
5	Without a doubt the best cheeseburger/fries combo this Chicago bred and born carnivore has ever had at a restaurant.  Fresh beef formed into a patty in front of your eyes as it is slapped on the grill.  They come off wonderfully charred and juicy.  It was topped with their fantastic sauce, crisp FRESH lettuce, onion, and tomatoes and...fresh sliced, thick cut, dill pickle slices.  The cheese is real cheddar not processed or liquid cheese.  I order mine "hot" which includes homemade giardinara.  The fries are crinkle cut, golden on the outside, hot and steamy inside.  I always get an extra cup of the sauce they put on their burgers to dip the fries in.  Oh My is it good.  Trust me on this...the sauce is the bomb!Although I love Italian beefs and Chicago dogs I haven't been able to tear myself away from the burger long enough to try.  When I do, I'll update this review...don't hold your breath though.The help is always very friendly and always checks to make sure everything tastes alright.  I definitely feel much more appreciated here than most valley establishments.  All in all, Lobby's is so good that it has become a regular stop on my weekly lunch rotation.  I'd love it if they opened one up in the far north valley as well.
4	Went based on a Yelp search.  Asked for the "Yelp Deal" and the girl gave me a "what is that?"  I then had to explain the offer.  Minus half a star.  Employees should know the offers, right?  Not too high an expectation, right?OK - the facility.  It was Spic-N-Span clean.  Shiny.  Spotless.  Looks like Mr. Clean lives here.  Extra half a star for that.  Not many people's HOMES are even this clean.We ordered for 3:  Burger, Italian Beef (Hot), and Chili Dog, 2 Fries, 3 drinks.  Total was $19.94 with the BOGO offer from Yelp.  Nice price for the three of us.The Food:  The burger was well-built, a little on the medium-size range, not too full of stuff as to overwhelm the bun.  Good composition.  Taste was given a serious "2 thumbs up" from my 14-yr-old son.  He did comment on the "secret sauce" which was a surprise to him, but which tasted fine.  ( Possibly a combo of Ranch and ketchup. )The Italian Beef was very good.  It was tender meat, not too mushy and not too firm, just enough juice to not soggify the bun.  You could taste the spices, but I'm hard-pressed to tell you what they were.  The "Hot" version of the peppers were your standard-fare (pickled?) peppers, not very much heat but a LITTLE bit of kick.  Portion size was on the large side - a hungry man would eat it all, but someone with a lesser appetite might have some to take home.  Not stingy AT ALL on the meat portion, but could have used a few more peppers.  Maybe I ask for "extra peppers" next time.Fries:  As other Yelpers have stated, they are "crinkle cut" but they are a VERY EXCELLENTLY PREPARED version of crinkles.  Perfect crunch on the outside, airy potato on the inside.  I challenge anyone to find a better version of crinkle-cut fries at any restaurant in Phoenix.  Not the "best fries EVER" but definitely tasty and about as well-cooked as this type of fry can be.The Chili Dog:  Weak spot here, but not too bad.  Other Yelpers raved about the chili, and it might be good on occasion - but on our visit, it was standard hot-dog-topping chili, nothing to make it stand out.  It was not greasy, so that was a plus, but neither did it make us say, "Dang, that's some good chili right thar !!!"  Bun nothing special, and neither was the dog itself.  My daughter only ate about half of it.Drinks:  Gigantic cups, with a fountain you serve to yourself.  I had the Black Tea and it was decent.All in all, a very good place to eat.  Clean, well-lit, and mostly excellent food.  We WILL be going back.   They get a solid SOLID 4.5 stars.Thanks Lobby's !!!!
5	I have been watching Lobby's since they opened.  At first I thought, having been in the same business, that they had picked a poor location.  Then I noticed as the months went by, that they were still open.So today I thought I would finally give them a try.  I got a burger with cheese and french fries.  After just ONE bite, my body was yelling at me, "You fool!  This is fantastic!  Why did you wait so long?"Just an incredible burger and the fries are as good as everyone says they are.  If you haven't been there yet, freaking go right now!I saw a guy eating an Italian Beef and he had a HUGE smile on his face.  I am trying that next time.Not a fancy place but go for the food.  Change to Pepsi and keep the ice tea fresh, and they might as well put my name on a table.  I am pleased to make this place my first review on here.  Five stars!!
4	I am not a hot dog person at all.  I've had 3 hot dogs in the past 5 years but since finding the Chicago dog I've had 3 hot dogs in 2 months.  The French fries are great and the drink sizes are huge.  A little pricey for a hot dog, fries and a drink but the quality is great, service is good and the place is very clean.  I recommend checking them out if you are a hot dog or hamburger fan.  Be prepared to wait longer than at a fast food joint because they do make them Fresh.
5	A great place to go for great food.  Location- It's a small space in a strip mall but that's not the draw of this great restaurant.  Food- Awesome, large burgers, Chicago style dogs (from an owner who is a Chicago native), Italian beef and a variety of sausages.  I had the double bacon burger tonight and it was a big portion of amazing, fresh veggies and good quality beef.  You know when you have a cheap burger where even the pickles are gross, well here the pickles are thick cut and great, the bacon is really tasty and everything else is perfect.  Note on food- They also have a burger challenge where you have to eat a 9 patty burger in 10 minutes to get your picture on the wall and a t-shirt.  I haven't tried this yet but want to soon.Owner- The owner was working when we were there and he takes real pride in his food and his product.  He talked about how he fresh makes all of his fries to order because he never wants people to have soggy fries. He also gave us a big basket of fresh fries for free because he didn't want to throw them away and would not serve them to a later customer. More reviews to come as I try more of their great food!
3	Got together with Lindsey, Lynn, Jessica, Donald, Angela & Robyn for "Yelp Office Hours" here today!  It was lots of fun, & good food!  For this first visit, I just had a regular burger & fries, which were good but not unusual, except that the sesame seed bun, which was a nice touch.  I'm told the "real deal" here is to get the Italian Beef Sandwich, so I'll return sometime soon to give that a try!    :-))Burger $4.19, Fries $1.89
4	Lobby, Lobby, Lobby you spoiled me.  Your burgers are so good.  I walked in and was instantly warmly greeted at the counter.  The young man took my order with a smile and sense of humor.  I love that!  I ordered a bacon chesse burger with provolone.  When I unwrapped it I knew I had found near perfection.  The burger was on a fresh sesame bun, the bacon was nice and crisp but not over done and the cheese.....oh the cheese.....it was melted over the burger.  9 times out of 10 when you get a cheese burger it looks like they just slapped the cheese on right before they put the rest of the toppings on so it's not melted.  In my mind the cheese should be melted down the sides of the burger, not an afterthought to be slapped on at the last minute.  I took a bite and the burger was juicy and cooked perfectly, just a tiny bit pink inside.  Ahhhh!!  I also got crinkle cut fries and they were perfectly cooked as well and not greasy at all.  Lobby's has a secret sauce....you must get a side of the secret sauce to dip your fries in....YUM!!!  The soda cups are a generous size and free refills are included.  The whole place was clean and well lit.  You can see them cooking too.  Lobby, yes that is his real name, was there running the show and making sure his customers were happy.  I hear the Italian Beef sandwich is to die for so I will try that next.  I'm gonna have to psych myself into it though cause that burger was so darn good!  Thank you Lobby!!!  I'll be back soon!!
4	I just went for the first time last night.  I normally eat real healthy but I felt like having a cheat day and like a man I was craving meat.  The question was posed by my girlfriend, was this worth the cheat?  The answer is sort of.  We split a double burger and an order of fries.  We still couldn't finish the fries because the order was huge.  The burger was nicely cooked and the fries were perfectly crispy on the outside.  I did enjoy their house sauce as well.  However, this was a great big grease ball.  Yes I was in a burger shop but I wasn't expecting that much.  Lastly, the service was speedy and the food came out nice and hot.  I gave bonus points on cleanliness as well.
5	I read their reviews and the 4.5 star average immediately intrigued me. It takes a lot to earn a 4.5/5 star average on yelp and it made me wonder, it made me ponder and it made me eager to visit immediately to see what all this burger hype was about. While planning an office hours at Lobby's, I spoke to Lobby several times and listened to him explain the attention he gives to his burgers. The incredibly lean meat, the personal attention to each patty, Lobby's commitment to making the patty's from scratch...it sounded like this was a business that was definitely handled with some tender loving care. So the day arrived for me to finally visit Lobby's. The directions indicated that it was in a strip mall. For those of you who might get a little turned around like I do...go towards the grocery store and when you're facing it look to the left and behind you and poof, there's Lobby's! So I walked in and received a friendly welcome from the staff the second my foot entered the store. As I sat there for several hours, I noticed that Lobby and staff treat every customer the same way and each customer gets a personal welcome upon arrival. I also like how they welcome but they don't banter the potential customers to try the food. They let the customer decide for themselves. The decor was retro and cool and I could see the burger and fries being made right in front of me. I glanced at the menu even though I knew that only a burger this visit would do, and I was pleased with the price. Inexpensive. Moving on to the grand finale, the food. I ordered the cheeseburger and upon the staffer's recommendation, I got it with provolone and kept everything on it, especially Lobby's special sauce. The staffer suggested I take some special sauce on the side for my fries and swore by it so I didn't question the man and said OK! The burger and fries arrived and I immediately knew I was in trouble... the gluttony kind. Nestled on a fresh sesame bun and topped with thick and juicy pickles, lettuce, tomato and the special sauce, the patty was cooked to perfection and just the right size. I took one bite and was in cheeseburger paradise and I didn't even have to go to Hawaii! The burger was juicy, full of taste and the meat was lean. The special sauce. Oh my the special sauce. It's not your typical special burger sauce. There was an ingredient in there that made it just the right amount of sweet and perfect for dipping fries. I guess the lesson here is trust the Lobby's staffer! I tried to guess what the ingredients in the special sauce were but Lobby said that nobody has ever been able to guess. So that's a challenge yelpers. Figure out what's in the special sauce and let me know! The fries were crunchy and delicious, but there were a lot of them so if you go with a friend, you might want to share the fries since the burger will fill you up. I can't wait to visit Lobby's again and try the Italian Beef sandwich Donald S was raving about. If it's anything like the burger, I know I'll be in heaven. But in the meantime, I'll just have burgerlicious dreams about the tastiness I experienced with Lobby's Burgers. And now I see why they have such a high rating on yelp. Bravo Lobby!
3	Last Friday at Yelp Office Hours here I had a nice lunch here, having one of their regular burgers & fries, & gave Lobby's 3-Stars.  I learned afterward though that I hadn't really ordered the "real deal", so I got together with Lynn W. yesterday to return & try Donald S's special sandwich this time.Here's the order:  "An Italian Beef, hot, with provolone & hot giardiniera, full dip," plus a fries.Pretty soon here came my sandwich.  This baby has been completely dipped in au jous, so it' more of a knife & fork sandwich than one you eat with your hands, unless you don't mind getting them all wet.  Either way, it's really good!Italian Beef sandwich ordered as above, a little pricey at $7.38, fries $1.89.
4	Great place to grab a burger in Tempe.  Great food and you CANNOT beat their prices. Two thumbs up.
5	Been there three time in last two weeks.This place rocks. I am not ready for 9 burger challenge & never will be.There double bacon cheese     AWESOME!!!
5	The best Italian Beef I have ever had in Arizona.  The Chicago Dog and the fries were really good too.  You must try this place if you are from Chicago or New York and searching for beef and burger place that reminds you of home. Great job,  Lobby!
4	When I first heard about Lobby's via Twitter my first reaction was "So Tempe's jumping in on the gourmet burger trend." I guess I should have known this is not the city for $12 burgs.Lobby's serves up one of the best, most satisfying burgers I've tasted this side of the Rio Salado - and it comes with a soda and fries for just under $10. I don't know what Lobby puts in that meat. It tastes fantastic - especially with the Lobby Sauce - and fills you up. But even better, I'm never that "why did I eat the whole thing" stuffed when I finish.Lobby's is conveniently close to my house for those random burger cravings. Did I say convenient. Maybe dangerous is a better word.
5	ALERT!  ALERT!  5 STAR BURGER JOINT! GREAT PRICES! FRIENDLY SERVICE!AM I SHOUTING?!  Oh, sorry. I tend to hit "caps lock" when I have headphones on.I had lunch here with my wonderful wife, my youngest daughter and my friend Donald S (not to be confused with Don S...it has happened).Let me just say I was impressed with my burger and fries.  Cheesy fries.  With bacon. Tender and juicy burger.  Done just right.Donald's Italian beef sandwich looked so good I'll be having that the next time I go to Lobby's, which will be soon.  Maybe dinner today.We did chat with the owner, Lobby.  Nice guy, great local business.  Go here.
5	what can i say about the deliciously dripping juice i was covered in after i left. the burgers are not greasy at all here, however, when you bite into a double bacon burger with cheese, there is no stopping the juice flow down your arm. the burgers are phenomenal, the beefs are amazing! (new bread?) and the hot dogs are crazy good. Finally found an authentic chicago style hot dog right around the corner from where i live! Check it out if you haven't, and for all you haters out there, try it again and stop hating!
4	Food was fantastic!! The Italian Beef sandwich is one of the best Ive ever had. Service was excellent.
4	so i finally checked out lobbys.  yesterday.  it was fast.  the fries were crispy and good.  everything you'd want in a strip mall burger joint.  the bacon burger was tasty.  the ingredients fresh and the cheese was extra gooey.  i liked the pickles on the burger and the employees there were on their game.  i wanna go back and try the italian beef.  sounds great!  looks yummy
3	Went to Lobby's for the first time.  Quick thoughts...this place wouldn't survive in Chicago.  Every small place in Chi-town can do this menu better than Lobby's.That being said...I'm in the Valley now.  I get a hankering for an Italian Beef sandwich with onions and peppers...and it was pretty good.  I like my Italian a little less wet, I purposefully did not specify...and the onions were not cut the same size as the peppers and thus, got a bit too brown and lost some of their sweetness.I mean it's burgers, dogs and beef and sausages...like I said, Chicago soul food.  And for me, although it does help me remember some Maxwell St. days, it's just not the same.I am going back to try the dog.  Two things I have failed to find in the Valley...really good pizza comparable to Chicago and a good Chicago dog.
5	Lobby's is fantastic. I love the hamburger's and the french fries. Ask for a side of sauce to dip the fries in. I have yet to try anything on the menu except the burgers and the dog. I just can't get myself to order anything else because the burgers are so good.Make sure to try this spot if you're in the area, its my go to joint when I'm at work and craving a hamburger!
5	Upon my second visit to Lobby's I tried the Italian Beef Sandwich.  WOW!  Go hungry if you're gonna get this one cause it is HUGE!  And it's really more of a knife and fork sandwich.  Oh sure, you can try to eat it like a sandwich but you're probably going to be picking up a lot of the filling with your fork so just cut it up and get every bite the first time.  The beef is so tender and tasty!  YUM!.  Let me speak about customer service for a moment.  I love being treated like a valued customer.  If I'm going to spend my hard earned cash somewhere I want a smile, willingness to help if I have questions, and getting my order correct. If they do that right then they are tops in my book. The last two weeks I have gone to two establishments that not only did all these things but they remembered me by name!  When I walked into Lobby's for lunch last week I was greated warmly by Lobby himself and he remembered me!  It's been a while since I was last in and I know he sees people all day long and I'm not what I would call particularly memorable.....I mean I don't have tats or pink hair, I'm just your average woman but Lobby goes that extra mile.  He really cares about his business and it shows.  There were some gentleman just finishing off their lunches and he took the time to ask them how it was and listened to their critique of the food.  He did it graciously and asked some questions genuinely wanted to know the answers.  Lobby cares.  His place is still spotless, again, a big plus for me.  When I crave a burger, this is what I crave.  A real beef patty with fresh ingrediants, cheese, and sometimes bacon.  This is by far my favorite burger joint.  Support your locan businesses!!  Especially the ones that go that extra mile and really care!!!
4	Good lord, the Italian Beef Sandwich is great-big-juicy-gloriousness. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. The only reason I don't give this 5 stars is I've had the rest of the menu and it's forgettable.
4	A burger joint is a burger joint is a burger joint right? Wrong. Not when it is done right. This joint does it right. The burgers are made with quality ingredients which makes them tasty and juicy. I had a chili cheese burger that was flavorful without being too salty or oily (have them put their hot giardiniera on it, makes a big difference). I ordered it as a combo with fries and a soda for around $8. Not a bad deal. So if you are looking for a burger joint above the mondane, pay the extra couple of bucks it will be worth it.
4	Definately worth the visit. The next best thing to grilling in my backyard!
2	Against the the recommendation of my friend, Steven G., who has already wrote a review, I headed down to this place to try it out. My significant other was extremely excited to try this place out, specifically, the Italian beef. I must say, I was pretty excited too. The service was really good, they all seemed very nice, even the cook was asking us how the food tasted. That's nice of them. B1G1 coupon w/purchase of 2 drinks and cheese comes out to $15 still...umm, pointless to use a coupon, I don't drink soda anyways.The burger was delicious, well the beef patties were. I got a double, and this place totally reminded me of Johnny Rockets, but the patties were definitely nice and big. I think its like $6+tax for a double which is a good value, but the fries are ~$2, and its just frozen crinkle cut fries it seems like. This must be a joke, crinkle cut fries are what you get at the school/university cafeterias. I was hoping for something a little bit more unique here. The fries were well done, but I don't its worth getting them. They have this special "fry sauce" or "Lobby" sauce. Its a unique recipe, and my significan other was raving about it while we were eating. Yeah, it was pretty good, but it doesn't make up for average fries. It does add some flavor to the burgers, and the cold crisp vegetables definitely deserve a ton of praise. However, the bottom bun was super soggy. Just plain old, super soggy. The burger patties were just ridiculously greesy, its good to a certain point, but when the grease is owning your buns, you need to cut back.The Italian beef? I heard some guy that was ordering saying it was the best in the valley. I laughed. By the time my significant other got to the sandwich the bread had seemed like it had been drenched in water. It sort of reminded me of a hot dog eating competition, just dunk your bread in the water. Fail. Unfortunately, this was just a disappointment. I was astonished how this could happy. Seriously, I just wasn't sure how you could mess up that bad. Its a shame, because I know the cook cared how the food tasted. I really wanted a tasty Italian beef, but I guess it wasn't in my destiny.Lobby seems like a cool guy, and maybe this was an off day or something. But I have to be fair, I want to give this place a higher rating, though I can't say it is warranted at the moment.
4	We were in Tempe, AZ to see my son's first Ironman event. As usual, I used Yelp for the highest rated restaurant in the area and we found this place. They use a special sauce that makes the hamburgers more delicious. The bacon cheeseburger is very juicy. I ordered a combo beef and grilled sausage. Yummy! Will definitely recommend trying this place.
4	Boyfriend and I went to try Lobby's after seeing the phenomenal reviews.  He got the famous Italian beef sandwich hot with cheese and I got the little veggie sandwich and an order of the chili cheese fries. He got his in a combo that came with a side of fries and a drink. The owner was there and took our order and he was suuuuuuuper nice.  He was really excited for new people to try his food.  We went and grabbed a table and just as we sat down, a rush of people came in.  There must be a lot of regulars because he was greeting some by name. There must be something to this food for that many loyal customers. Not too long after we got our drinks, the food was ready. I decided to immediately dive into the chili cheese fries. The cheese was like the melty nacho kind (not spicy though) and the chili was actually kind of sweet. I wasn't the biggest fan of the chili. My boyfriend did like it and he doesn't usually like chili. I'd probably just get cheese or plain fries next time.  The little veggie sandwich was so tasty! It was lettuce, tomato and pickles (I didn't want onions) with their house sauce on a sesame seed bun.  I'd love to try a burger next time.The boyfriend did like his sandwich except he didn't know it was going to be "dipped".  He doesn't like his sandwiches dipped, so if he were to get that again, he would request it dry.  The sandwich was hearty (I added a pic) and very filling. He kept stealing my chili cheese fries so I take it he liked those too. It was really bright and clean in there and the owner and the guy making the food were really cool.  I'd definitely come back. We both want to try the burgers next time. Although....the hot dog with all the stuff does look damn tasty too....
5	Yum, Yum, YumI was in Chicago two weeks ago and practically begged for an Italian beef sandwich 'cause we didn't have any here in Mesa.They took me to Portillo's  and it was very good.Getting home, I got on line and found Yelp AND Italian beef AND Lobby'sI went within a week and bombarded Lobby with questions (we Chicago-born are picky about our IBS's)  Said I did not want to eat it with a knife and fork and asked for Medium dip (his term HALF) and wanted lots of soft bell peppers and onions.The fries were really good with the sauce that I could enjoy even on my arm but the sandwich AAAAHHalf dip was perfect, and I picked that sucker up and I'm sure my purring could be heard for miles !  He doesn't skimp on quantity of beef, or quality with no fatty strands to be found, and even if you ordered this dry with au jus on the side, it would be succulent.Lobby smiled as I got up to leave and commented that I had eaten it all.What did he expect ? (and had he seen me digging for the little pieces of beef stuck to the wrapper) ?We yakked about Chicago and his green walls came up with his explanation that it represented lettuce, the red the tomato etc and it was meant to be a hamburger simile.Anyone going to this IBS heaven and looking at the decor would get my Chicago Evil Eye : )
2	So, I was invited back by the owner and I went.  Well, the dogs were good.  My wife had the beef.  Same thing.  This is Chicago, not Philly.  Stop drenching the bread in the ajus.  Ask first.  Alot of us like the sandwich dry or with the ajus on the side.Also, the guy behind the counter was flirting with the evidently new young woman who was taking our order.  She was distracted enough to screw up our order and forget the fries.  Also, while we ate the two of them were flirting back and forth instead of checking with us as to our food.  They only spoke again to us after we got up and left.  We were there for about 1/2 hour.  Only one other customer in the place during that time.So, I am concerned this place may not make it.  A good sauce is a start, but there's not enough here to keep me coming back.  Sorry.  I tried it again and it's not up to par with Chicago.
4	I've now made three trips to Lobby's.  The first was an enormous disappointment, the last two have been exceptional.On my first trip, I made the mistake of ordering the Italian beef sandwich.  What I received could best be described as a thinly-sliced beef sandwich on a baguette that some jerk spilled soup on.  My sandwich was soggy to the point of disintegration from the moment I received it.  I tend to be a very neat eater, but felt I needed a bib that day.  In addition to the mess, the whole assemblage was bland and unremarkable.  However...I'd happily recommend Lobby's to anyone who wants a burger.  Upon hearing great things about their hamburgers, I returned to Lobby on two more occcasions.  On both days, I got a ridiculously large, juicy burger with great quality beef and fresh ingredients for a price around half of their competitors (I'm looking at you, Smashburger and Five Guys).  So, go for the burgers and read the menu carefully: the single patty burger is 1/3 pound.  If you order the double, you're ordering more than a half-pound of beef and you will need a nap.
5	As I sit here and write this, my gut is killing me because I was unable to stop eating when I should have due to this food being so good.  Just when you think someone can't do a burger better or different, these guys do it.  I love this place!
5	No question -- my FAVORITE burger in the valley!I first got turned on to Lobbys at a Yelp Office Hours -- http://www.yelp.com/biz/september-office-hours-at-lobbys-tempe#hrid:kQOElzgklMRbAyWS8LhVFw - - and by my check-ins, you can see i've frequented there since. I've tried a lot of other "great" burgers -- 5 Guys, Smashburger, etc - but IMHO, none of them stack up to the food and the experience at Lobbys. The burgers at Lobbys are so good that I crave them --I want to drive across town or plan out my day so that I'm in the area to get one! I just feel that there's more quality ingredients with a Lobbys burger -- the bun, the taste, the way the cheese melts over the whole patty, the special sauce, and the burger itself. And just as Lynn W says the service is truly superior here and " He (Lobby) really cares about his business and it shows". I've recommended many friends to check out Lobbys and have brought a few friends here -- everyone has loved it! Especially my Chicago friends that live in the valley. Lobbys burgers is that raised bar that I measure all other burger joints to.
2	I'd heard a lot of good things about this place, and so I drove out there yesterday to see what 'it's all about'. Pulling up to the place encouraged me. Holes in the wall are often great finds, and believe me I was in the mood for a hot dog. The people who were there were awesome. They had great personalities and one of them offered me a chili sample when I was going between two things to order. It was great--not the best, but great.I ordered the chili dog and I asked for no cheese--they only carry processed cheese and I hate that stuff.It was on my hotdog anyway when I got it (and keep in mind I was the only person in there and I thought I had been pretty clear about what I didn't want). I took a bite and I couldn't eat anymore. The cheese was all over and disgusting. The meager hot dog bun disintegrated under the weight of the chili and the whole thing doped out of my hands in a soggy mess.Very disappointing.So while the service was good (except the mistake) the food left me hungry. I immediately left and went to dinner at Sweet Tomatoes--so I could get the cheese taste out of my mouth.
4	I was really craving a burger and seeing as I'm new to the states I was wondering where to go. So I chose Lobby's two mins away from us.The guy who owns the place IS SO NICE!He filled us in on everything they do from making the burgers to cooking them. Where he was from what Lobby's was all about etc etcHe was really pleasantAnd this burger really hit the spot. And I truely believe that having a decent burger that is all meat and handmade instead of processed is so much better. Especially for someone with a sensitive stomach like me, unfortunately. This place really hit the spot and its so affordable too. Ye can't complainLove it :)
4	This place is really good! I have been there twice and have enjoyed the food both times. The first time I got a cheeseburger... it was greasy, but in the best possible way. Tonight I got a hot dog. It was good, not the best I have ever had, but good. The relish was tasty and had that good green color like chicago relish. The hotdog was much better than the ones I've had at another hot dog place down the street....no names, but man that place was bad. The people who work there are always friendly and the food comes out quickly. Overall this is a good place, I recommend it for anyone wanting a burger or hotdog in tempe.
5	*Burgers are the best*Our first visit to Lobby's was amazing(read below),so we decided to go again.!BUT!On the second visit, the place was relatively empty, handful of people, yet everyone there seemed to have mix ups and problems with their orders. And sure of course we were no exception. How hard is it to put bacon in a burger? It was still a good burger don't get me wrong, but if someone can't get a handful of orders right?.... Come on.....We would have told her our order was wrong except it was takeout. We didn't realise till we got home.Hopefully the next time the staff will be a bit more attentive to orders. It helps the whole wanting to go back again and again :)
5	OK, I don't know if just because one of the items on the menu is perfection, a restaurant deserves 5 stars. I've been back several times...err, weekly. I have a standing Tuesday "Hot dogs & Burgers" date with my 2 year old:) The burgers are outstanding! Juicy and flavorful. I always add bacon, cheese and giardinera (sp?) and it's so good! Lobby and his crew are very nice too. I may have to start doing our date bimonthly because my waist (and probably my arteries) are suffering!
4	I only ate here once before I stopped eating meat but it was very yummy. I got the beef in juices sandwich...basically like a French dip but the sauce is already in the sandwich instead of served on the side. They made everything fresh when we ordered it and the staff was very very friendly and helpful in helping us decide what to get. My boyfriend got the cheeseburger and they literally took out a huge ball of meat and shaped it on the grill which was really cool. It's not exactly cheap but it's not expensive either...you would probably end up paying the same for Subway if you got a really meaty sandwich. Overall, tasty and I would have eaten there again if I still ate meat.
5	my experience here was a lot better than I ever expected. The owner im assuming is the one who took our order and was more than happy to help us with any of out questions. the italian beef sandwich with hot peppers is the best i have had outside of portillo's which is originated in chicago so that is a huge compliment. I will be back.
3	I'm admitting right away that as a vegetarian I am not the best choice of a person to be reviewing this restaurant.  The only meal option for me was a Veggie Sandwich.  It was inexpensive at only $2.99 and simple yet tasty.  It was a roll that was brushed with butter and grilled then topped with fresh tomatoe, lettuce, onion, delicious pickles and secret sauce.  My husband got the sausage and beef sandwich.  He doesn't eat gluten so couldn't have the full effect of eating the dipped bread and thought it was just okay.My son got the Italian Beef Sandwich dipped and LOVED it.  If you are someone that would enjoy this type of sandwich than I highly recommend eating here.One of my daughters got a plain hotdog and the other the veggie sandwich like me.We ordered regular fries and some cheese fries.  I wish I had ordered two cheese fries as they were SO SO SO YUMMY.  Hot, greasy crinkle fries covered in a yummy melted cheese sauce.  Highly recommend!!
4	Gotta up this to a 4 for a few reasons. I have had a chance to try their burger (several times) and the Italian Beef sandwich.  The burger is awesome, maybe the best in town.  The Italian Beef was very good but a tad salty for me.  The food is always very fresh and delicious. Their chicken sandwich is quite good too.  They lightly flavor everything (only salt and pepper on the burger) so the freshness and natural flavor really shine at Lobby's.  This place gets great reviews for a reason.
5	OMG this place is good. Great Italian beef. Great burgers. FRY SAUCE. I don't know how they're pulling off such good food with what they have but it's awesome and I will be eating here if I'm in the area and hungry.
5	Lobby's only does Chicago dogs, burgers, and fries, but they do them extremely well.  It's a clean atmosphere, fast service, good prices, and fantastically tasty food.  These are easily the best burgers I've had anywhere.  I prefer to go on the week days where the owner is doing the cooking.  On the weekend there's someone else there and the food is more like 4/5 instead of 5/5.
2	I was SO disappointed. Like another yelp review, I ordered take-out... I asked for a bacon cheese burger... and there was NO bacon OR cheese. Man what a bummer. And it tasted as though one side of my burger was overly salted. I had to get water in the middle of eating it. The side that was not overly salted, was pretty good... If they got my order right, they would have gotten 3 stars. But the chili cheese fries were to die for, they are pretty bomb!!!My recommendation: don't get take out. Eat it there and you will have a much better experience. I'd go back for the fries... and get the burger elsewhere (if I was doing carry-out).
4	Ok, so I wrote a review after going to Lobby's the first time. I had a bad experience with the food but a great one with the employees. After receiving a very nice letter from one of the managers (or owner, not quite sure) I returned to give Lobby's another shot. For the first round I got the Italian Beef sandwich. Here's the rundown:1. Beef was very very tender and there was no fat present. It just fell apart. Lovely.2. Very, very salty. I stopped eating everything except the beef because of this, and I still refilled my drink twice.3. The bun withstood the juice much better then the hot dog bun had. I was pleased.So as far as that goes, I dunno. It would have been better if there wasn't so much salt. I give it a C+.But because at this point I had tried a hot dog, and a sandwich I figured I should at least try the burger before writing this place off (again). Good decision!The burger was fantastic. Run down:1.The beef was perfectly cooked (and seasoned). 2.The lettuce was crisp and fresh, the tomatoes were thick cut and fresh. 3.The grilled onions were amazing.I took one bite and realized that Lobby's Beefy burgers are amazing. And I would definitely return for one of these. I give the burger an A+.And as always, the service was nice and friendly.So if you just want a good burger, and don't care about the other stuff (fries looked good but I didn't get any), Lobby's may be a good choice. But if you want a hot dog or sandwich it may be best to get that somewhere else.PS: The store is VERY clean.
5	I am worried about my own lifestyle looking back at how many burger joints I have frequented in the last month. But at least they are quality, so I can live with it for now...With places like this in town, WHY are fast food places still alive? Seriously, the brainwashers really have a foothold, because anything else, I just can't wrap my head around.This place is GREAT. The owner is a real, genuine dude who loves what he does. The burger and fries were fantastic. The bacon on it was glorious and the cheese was perfect. I got the cheddar, but will try swiss next time I have a burger. The beef is perfection on a bun. Fries, crispy potato savory heaven. I am not a mayo guy, so "secret sauce" always has me skeeved ..but the owner told me to try it on the side. It was okay, and spiced well, hint of cumin, ketchup, mayo. I'm still a ketchup purist, but the sauce wasn't a deal breaker.The place is the real deal.I am going back and will update after I have the Italian beef. Somedays, you just regret that you only have one stomach.
5	Are all burgers created equal? NO! Lobbys does it simple, and right. There isn't anything fancy about this burger and dog joint, it's in a old strip mall in tempe where they don't get too much foot traffic, but don't let that fool you. Their menu isn't too big, but they do have choices for pretty much everyone, including a veggie sandwich. I get the burger when I go and it is thick, juicy, and cooked to perfection.  My only gripe is they don't have a kid's menu so I have to order a $5 hotdog for my kid and he only eats 1/2 of it.
4	Lobbys is great. I give the establishment itself three stars, it is very boring inside and atmosphere wise a little cold, but the burgers, oh baby the burgers are an easy five stars. These big, juicy, sloppy sandwiches are so freaking good. Get a double with cheese and bacon and indulge.
5	Lobbys is a good little place. I really like the burgers and the cheese fries. The owner is really nice and tries to get your feedback on how the restaurant is. I wish I could get past the burgers to try a Chicago dog, but c'est la vie.
4	I think a burger should be grilled on an open flame...none of this flat fried grilling. BUTIf your going to do that start with a nice round ball of meat, squish it down and cook it to order, just like Lobbys does. It was one of the best fried burgers I have had. I would say maybe a tad better then 5 guys. I would get another if ever in the area!Keep up the good work guys!
4	Italian beef is off the hook!  Cant wait to try the chicago dog.
5	This place is the best kept secret in Az! The owner Lobby is a wonderful young man, who takes great pride in his employees, food and restaurant. The cook Mario, makes the best bacon burger I have ever eaten, it is always juicy and very flavor-able with all the fresh condiments. The crinkle fries are done to perfection and that LOBBY sauce with them is beyond divine!  We have eaten here on different days of the week and times, we are always very satisfied. This is a HANDS down GREAT burger place!
5	I love this place!!! The first time I went I fell in love with their fries and their secret sauce. They have those great crinkle fries and they are made to order so they come out super crispy and hot. They alone can stand on their own but I have to have the sauce. It has to be a mixture of ketchup, mayo probably some chili powder and some other stuff that I can't figure out. No matter how many times I try to do it at home I never get it. Once before I got the Italian Beef but being my first time I didn't know that you could get it wet... Duh... and ended up eating a warm roast beef sandwich that was a bit on the dry side. After reading the Yelp reviews I realized that you can add all kinds of stuff to it. I think that the girl at the register should've at least informed me that I had options. The staff (girls at the register) weren't all too friendly which makes for a less than pleasant experience right from the start. Hopefully they aren't there anymore. Forward to today I decided to give it another shot and I am so glad I did. The owner is a really cool guy and is always super nice when I come in. He asked me all the questions about how I wanted the sandwich and put the dip in a to go cup for me so I wouldn't have a mush sandwich when I got home. I added provolone and hot giardiniera which absolutely made the sandwich. I didn't get to finish it because my other half smelled it and swooped in and polished it off and loved it too. Good thing I got the fries! I would highly recommend this place. If you do have the Italian Beef you should try to eat it there instead of taking it home. If you get embarrassed easily or worry about food all over your hands and face then don't eat this infront of other people. I think it once you eat it you won't even care if it gets in your hair. So I say get over it and get your butt down to Lobbys and eat til you explode!
2	burgers were terribly unoriginal.  french fries came strait out of the safeway freezer section.  the guy working was so hungover it was kind of sad to watch.
4	I had lunch here the other day.  It was a bit before the noon lunch rush so it wasn't too crowded.  You could tell they were gearing up for it so I can tell they get pretty busy.  So come early to avoid waiting with throngs of school kids that undoubtedly come from the high school next door.  I like that their menu isn't huge with zillions of burger combos and other options.  It was pretty straight forward.  I had the standard burger, fries and a drink.  Everything looks like it is pretty much cooked to order so it took a few minutes to get my food which was ok.  The cashier guy who looked suspiciously like Ray Liotta was very friendly and working like crazy so I'm pretty sure he was the manager if not the owner.The burger was thick, juicy and cooked perfectly.  It was a tad bit greasy but that made it that much more delicious.  The fries were also pretty good.  They are crinkle cut with just the right amount of crispiness on the outside and fluffiness on the inside.  I wasn't exactly sure what to do with the little cup of sauce they give you so I used it for my fries and my burger.  I think it was some chipotle mayo stuff.  It was pretty good but an odd thing to put on burgers and/or fries.This place isn't exactly cheap but it is worth it.  I can't think of a better fast food burger/fries in the area.  I would return to get the burger but I really want to try their Italian beef as well.
5	I can't stop getting their burgers.  The staff is always great, and everything on the menu is too.  What more can I say that we haven't said yet?  I challenge anyone to find me a better burger.  I need to keep the other menu items in the mix but it is so hard to resist the burger.  Like I've said in my previous reviews, the Italian beef is good, and the dogs are too.
5	The first time I visited Lobby's was around a year ago; I tried the double bacon cheeseburger and fries.... I was hooked!  I think a great burger needs to be grilled, but this fried burger was one of the best I have eaten.  I have been back several times to try different menu items; the Italian Beef is phenomenal (if you can handle a little heat, be sure to try it with the spicy peppers) and their chili fries are superb!The owner (Lobby) is usually there to make sure you enjoy your meal and the staff is very pleasant.  The restaurant is always very clean, which in my opinion is a great indication that the owner really cares about his business.One time I went there for carry out, I got home to find that a few of the items I ordered weren't prepared as I instructed (special sauce when I asked for none, no cheese when there should have been etc). Luckily I'm very close to the restaurant so I drove back and got a sincere apology and my food order corrected, along with a free order of fries.  No biggie, I know mistakes happen and how they handled their error was perfectly acceptable.I will continue to visit Lobby's for their awesome food!
3	I think it's funny that places like this are creating such a splash in the local food scene. Lobby's excels at being an average burger joint by using high quality, fresh ingredients. It's the kind of place that once was common, but was replaced in the last 20 years by novel and trendy restaurant concepts of other sorts. Or, for a more modern reference, imagine if Fudrucker's got rid of its ambiance and added a Chicago twist with its Italian beef, Polish sausage, and Chicago dogs.Lobby's is very proud of its caramelized onions (apparently, they have a magical way of making a crispy white onion brown and soft). When I asked about getting sauerkraut on a Polish sausage, the owner insisted that he too loves sauerkraut, but the onions are sooooooo much better: "Just look! We grill them right here," he says, pointing at the grill. In other words, they do not offer sauerkraut. And then there's the secret sauce. It's pink! And when offered as a dipping sauce for the otherwise mediocre school-cafeteria-style fries, it's made a little bit spicy with chili powder or something of the sort. Again, total magic!Just so that I don't sound too let down, I will say that the buns make the burgers above average at Lobby's. Good idea not to skimp on the buns. As you walk in, you get the sense that this place should have a drive thru and charge $2-3 per burger, but the burgers are more comparable to pub fare. And apparently people love Lobby's. My three stars are below average, and the owner drives a Mercedes when he's not happily engaging in chit chat with his customers -- they're apparently doing well enough and I would frequent this place if it were in my neighborhood.So if you're ever craving a burger and fries in Tempe, I would say skip the In-N-Out and go here instead. But for hot dogs? Granted, I'll never understand the whole Chicago dog craze, but this place is right near Ted's.... The only way I'm ordering a dog other than Ted's in the area is if it's wrapped in bacon and prepared Sonoran style. Sorry, Lobby's. Also, your onions are pretty much the same as anyone else's caramelized onions. I still want sauerkraut on my Polish sausage.
3	If this is a 4 1/2 stars bus on Yelp, I think my rating would be qualified as a hater review...but oh well need to be honest to myself.New to Phoenix, I was surely unfamiliar with this area. This has nothing to do with Lobbys but it took me quite a while to find and don't think I'll find it immediately still (why bother, doubtfully I'll go).Ordered Chicago dog with an order of fry, straight forward right?Then realized I made a huge mistake. Coming from mid-west and had $1 REAL Chicago dog in Chicago, I was disappointed by the $3-some Tempe dog, just nothing exciting. Fries were hot, but nothing surprise. And yeah this meal cost me $7, O_o not for meal as such!Nothing outrages, nothing wrong, just nothing special. Kicking myself driving 4 miles, spending 7 USD during the 110 weather just to eat something regular and cheap I would've totally be able to find back home.Do I hate Lobbys? Nope. Would I come back again? Nah, not unless some kinda date who is super charming and force me to coming over, or I am near the area and starve to death. And NO Chicago dog for SHURE.
5	Super clean, super friendly, awsome italian beef, boyfriend said chicago dog was awsome.
4	Give this place a shot - you won't be disappointed - authentic Chicago style beef
4	I love lobby's. The staff is super nice and attentive, and the burgers are juicy and delicious. It's a little bit pricier for a meal, but I definitely think it's way more worth it than getting a burger from mcdonald's or burger king. Everything is made fresh when you order it, so prepare to enjoy some deliciousness! It's also super clean in there, so I don't feel gross about eating there.
5	The staff is really nice, the burgers are fantastic, he portions are enough to satisfy even the biggest appetite and this all comes at an excellent price point.  Also everything is cooked right in front of you and the place is immaculate.  Some specifics about their food now:Burgers: fresh meat, seasoned perfectly, has great fresh condiments to accompany them.Fries: you get loads of them and they are tasty.Italian Beef: this is my favorite here with the hot peppers.Get their burger combo, eat there in the nice clean atmosphere then unbuckle your belt because you will be stuffed full of great food!
2	Had a double bacon cheeseburger, with cheese fries.  Filling, but nothing special.  Found the beef underspiced.
2	i saw a ton of 5 star reviews o this place, including one from a friend of mine, and it is basically next door to gold bar so i decided to try a bacon cheeseburger. the service was fair at best- the girl that took my order obviously wasn't listening to me and got attitude when i repeated what i wanted. i thought the burgers were cooked to order but obviously not. after she took my order, she came out from behind the counter and sat on her phone and the cook gave me my food. now to the burger: it was grey. yes, grey and greasy. the grilled onions were good but the "lobby's sauce" seems to be taco seasoning, ketchup, and mayo. i was so unimpressed that i doubt i'll use the check in offer i got to try something else
4	I was wavering between 3.5 and 4 stars for this joint.  Having lived in Chicago for a few years and watching Z's close down a couple years ago in Tempe, I was happy this place opened up.It was refreshing to go to a place that dipped your Italian beef.  Is it the best that I've had?  No.  But it's way better than Luke's mess of an Italian beef.  (Oh Al's, how I miss you.).  Couple negative reviews here about the dip.  One obviously hadn't had Chicago-style Italian beef.  But I agree with the other poor review - Lobby's, please ask before you go ahead and dip that badboy.  Now, the hot dog.  Biggest knock, they don't use Vienna dogs.  And there's something a little ... off ... about the sport peppers.  But otherwise, pretty darn good, though Luke's might be a tad better.  And never, ever, get the Sonic Chicago dog.So, quality-wise, a solid 3.5 but a .5 boost for bringing serviceable Chicago food to the Valley.
5	You can try all the other "5guys" if burgers are your "Habit" forget those other joints. Lobbys is by far the best burger on town, they just "Smash" the competition. Juicy goodness, great Fry Sauce. Italian Beef is also outstanding but I keep returning for their Burgers!!.
5	Yesterday was my third time back and I have to bump them up to five stars now. I had the Italian beef this time and it was probably the best I have ever had, certainly better to my taste than Al's in Chicago. The service just keeps getting better and better also. Prices can get a little high when you start to add things--for instance peppers or cheese--but still worth it.
5	Hands down my favorite place to grab either a burger or italian beef in the valley.
3	- Italian Beef Sandwich (Could use some Improvement) - Maxwell Street Polish Dog (Not Approved)- French Fries (As good as they get)- Burgers ( Have yet to try, but they look like the one thing that this place does right)Chicago Style Italian Beef sandwiches don't seem to have much competition in this town. My two top restaurants for authentic Italian Beef sandwiches remain as Luke's of Chicago, and the recently opened, Chicago's Taylor Street.I gave Lobbys a shot on three seperate occasions. I met the owner and we talked for quite some time on the first visit. He is a very nice guy, and seemed to speak of his burgers as being his main focus and signature menu item.As for the Italian Beef at this locaiton, he states that he slow cooks and seasons it himself. The beef isn't bad, but it seems to be lacking the full flavor of his competitors in town. The bread is a great selection, the juice that the beef is cooked in seems rather watered down and again lacks flavor. I always order a side of this hot juice to pour over the sandwich as you would a french dip with au jus.The giardanara is another big player in the outcome of the sandwich and unfortunately he uses the standard Vienna Beef giardanara. I think that he could really improve the flavor of the sandwich with a better house made or higher quality pickled giardanara than the one that he is currently using.So for the Italian beef sandwich sandwich, I'm going to leave this as the, "I'm starving to death and closer to this location than one of the competitors", choice that I would only resort to in a pinch.The Maxwell Street Polish is an even bigger disappointment, as it's simply a processed hot dog like, precooked Polish Link as you would buy in the hot dog section at the grocery store. The other competitors that I speak of in town, use a real Polish, Italian, or Brat link as you would purchase from a butcher counter. I would never order this type of sausage from any establishment unless it were Weinerschnitzel..lolNow to the French Fries, I think that they are as good as they could possibly be. He also offers a signature sauce for them, it seems to be an aioli of some sort and is very tasty. However the fries are great with a little salt and nothing else as well.I hate to see the lack of competition with what others offer in this town. I think that he could certainly gain a great deal of respect and pull in some loyal customers who look for and appreciate an authentic Chicago Italian Beef Sandwich or Sausage that would typically be offered by an establishment of this type.Check the place out and write a fitting review, maybe your opinion will be different than mine. Cheers and much luv! :)
2	I guess my mistake is that I ate at Lobby's in the evening when the owner wasn't there.The young lady working the counter was sweet and was trying her best, but missed getting the order correct. Two burgers were ordered with cheese and bacon. Unfortnately the secret sause was added on to the burgers. We just wiped the sauce off but what an inconvenience. My burger was missing the bacon and a little under cooked. Meh, I've tasted better. The chicken sandwich sucked according to my wife. So that put a downer on the whole meal and a real silent car drive over to Chick Fil A to get a replacement for the uneaten chicken sandwich.
2	Was extremely psyched to try Lobby's, considering all of the great reviews, but I was sadly disappointed with the results. I'm a freak for Chili burgers (good ones are very difficult to find) and The Lobby's Chili burger was fairly dull, featured Cinci style Chili (BLAH) and like. some sort of cheese whiz kinda crap.  Boo. Also ordered fries, and a Chicago dog.. the Chicago dog was overpriced and forgettable, and the crinkle cut fries were reminiscent of Del Taco's.. which isn't exactly a bad thing, but considering that Lobby's is supposed to be a tasty, quality burger place, frozen crinkle fries are kind of a half assed approach.. ALSO the amount of salt on the fries was enough to invoke a stroke! :x  Finally whoever dude was that handed me my bag of food was all like ZIPPY DOO I GAVE YOU A CUP OF FRENCH FRY SAUCE.. There were two orders of fries.. one cup of sauce.. which was just basic secret sauce.. not super great... secret sauce, to boot.. Thanks bro, but I don't need any secret sauce favors.
5	My friend Sang raved about this place, so we went there tonight. This was my first time here so  I ordered the combo burger with cheese and everything on it after Sam recommened it. She was dead on, the burger was mouth watering and the fries were perfect with the fries sauce. I was left feeling full and happy. I think Sam made my burger expereince the best as I was a newbie to the place and she helped me pick out the right burger, the owner should give this girl a raise, shes awsome!!!I will be coming back for more burgers : )
4	Myself and my boyfriend happend upon this place by chance and thought to try it out. The burgers are great and juicy. The option to add any topppings you want is nice. The fries are great and always piping hot. Everytime I go the staff is always nice and helpful. My burger was once a little to pink on the inside and the cook remade my burger no problem. For a place that is kind of hidden away it is a great stop.
5	My partner and I were in the mood for a good juicy burger and decided to try this place after reading all the great reviews....We are oh so happy we did!We both ordered Double Cheese Burgers with one as a combo. After waiting a few minutes our burgers were brought out to our table. Oops, they messed up our order...we were brought cheeseburgers instead of double cheeseburgers. I took them back to the counter and let the cook know there was a mistake. He called for the cashier to let her know she made a mistake. They both apologized profusely, and gave me a free drink for the trouble. The cook then brought out our correct order and apologized again. The burger was SO worth it!!! Hot, juicy, and tender! Exactly what we were looking for.Even though our order was messed up I still give them 5 stars. The error was immediately fixed and without attitude. Love it!!!GREAT burgers and very good customer service. We will go back!
4	Where do I begin??  Let's start with the basics...this place is spic and span clean!  It's so clean in here I bet you could eat off the floor.  Even the cooking area is spic and span clean...how do you guys do that?  It's quite impressive and thanks for being so clean.  I just can't eat in a dirty restaurant and you guys are unbelievably clean.My big sis has been ranting and raving about this place for a minute.  I understood her excitement as she was fortunate to grow up around the cultural melting pot in Chicago. I remember when growing up and heading on over to Chicago to visit my Aunts and Uncles and many, many cousins.  A highlight of our frequent trips was going to get an Italian Beef, polish, Chicago dog, pork chop sandwiches, etc.Well yesterday I experienced one of those favorite tastes of mine from the Windy City and that was the Italian Beef and quite honestly...I either needed someone to pinch me or slap me because I thought I was in Chicago...right here on a very near corner of McClintock and Southern.  Upon my first bite into that juicy ass damn tender sandwich...I admit I drooled on myself...lol.  First bite instantly shot me back to Chicago.  How do you get your meat so damn tender and juicy?? lol I got the hot peppers on mine and a side of fries with the special sauce (love the sauce btw).  So I'm thinking I may develop a habit or some form of addiction so I'm informing you early on...to please be consistent with your Italian beefs because I will become a regular.
5	Lobbys3141 S. McClintock RoadTempe 85282480-897-1113Sometimes you don't want to eat out fancy...you just want good value for your dollar and hopefully, good food. Lobbys meets both criteria and more.Having eaten at Lobbys numerous times, I felt it was time to actually review it and share my findings with others. The menu is small, but the food is great.One of the items I look at when evaluating a burger is if the establishment is willing to cook it medium rare. This may seem like a crazy thing to be looking at, but if a place isn't willing to cook the beef medium rare, it means they don't have confidence in the quality of their beef...and if they don't have confidence in their product, then neither do I. Burgers are 1/3 pound and you can get them stacked up to 4 pounds at a time! (yes - there is a board with pictures of those who have been successful).Their Italian Beef sandwich is the best I have had in many years. A nice hoagie roll filled with piles of thin sliced roast beef, dipped in au Jus. Available with sweet or hot peppers it's a true winner. Be prepared to have to wash up after eating it - they drip down your arms they are so juicy.The Chicago-style Hot Dog is a totally different experience than a typical hot dog. Served on a poppy seed bun, it is true Chicago style even to the neon green relish and celery salt, not to mention the sport peppers, tomatoes, pickles and onions. If your from Chicago, this will make you homesick.I'd be wrong if I didn't mention the chili. No beans - just meat, and plenty of it. The chili is homemade and is never skimped upon, whether you get it in a bowl, on a hot dog, or mounded over fries. Speaking of fries, their portions are large, as are their drinks, and their sandwiches.The food here is a bargain at the price, is good quality, and best of all, has wonderful flavor. Sanitation is good, and the restrooms are always clean.I highly recommend it for an inexpensive, filling, and tasty meal.
4	Decent burger.  Good bun.  Average fries (but I guess it's what you like sorta thing).  Price seemed okay, but food prices everywhere for med-fast food seem to keep going up. Saying all that, my baseline is Red Robin, but that's just what I like.  Very friendly counter girl, did nice job, very welcoming.  Checked in on my meal to make sure it was okay. I'll be back to try other items on the menu.
5	Amazing Burgers and authentic Chicago style Hot dogs.  I bring all my friends from chicago here and they love it never had a complaint.  Everything is fresh a must visit gem in tempe....
5	In the new world of gourmet burger places Lobby's was one of the first and they set the bar high. I love a good burger and I was very enthused to see all the positive revues of a burger place so close to where I live. The patties are a little on the small size so for you guys who can eat more I definitely recommend the double cheese burger over the single. Their fries were perfectly cooked not soggy or too crispy, but tender on the inside with a golden crisp on the outside. With fresh crisp veggies that accented the beef perfectly it was everything a good burger should be. I will definitely be coming back to Lobby's.
4	Burger was juicy and the fries were awesome.
5	What can I say, I love this place! Best burger in town!
4	In a world full of burger joints, I was skeptical how Lobbys would compare. Nevertheless, Lobbys impressed me.Their menu is a bit confusing to read, but after standing in line for a few minutes, I ordered the regular cheeseburger, added the grilled mushrooms, and kept the pickles off. I liked the taste a lot, but next time, I will probably order the double burger, because the single wasn't quite enough.The place itself was very clean (hard to do in a restaurant serving burgers and dogs) and the service was friendly. I recommend checking out Lobbys soon!
2	Tuesday, 5:30 pm My buddy and I waltz into Lobby's because he was jonesin' for a burger and didn't want to fight the lines at In-N-Out.Why, you ask, is Liz B. writing a review for a burger and hot dog joint when she freely admits that she has never liked meat and her parents even paid her to eat burgers as a child? Think of this as a review of French fries, Chris's burger, and my "veggie" sandwich and skip this review if you love hot dogs/burgers more than anything.Service: We were quickly greeted by the two guys behind the counter. Great, friendly service.Food: Meh.My veggie sandwich consisted of bread, one piece of white iceberg lettuce, two sad tomatoes, pickles, and onions for $2.99. You can add on cheese (provolone) and mushrooms or peppers for $.79 each, making your sad, awful sandwich about $5.My buddy ordered the double burger with provolone, lettuce, tomato, pickles, and hot peppers. He said the hot peppers were good but not very hot. The rest of the fixings were "meh." As for the quality of the burger, it was a tad bit better than In-N-Out. But you pay at least 2-3 dollars for that "tad bit."Speaking of paying more, watch out for those add-ons. Your reasonably priced burger can become outrageous for the quality with add-ons.The fries were devoured, but there are very few fries I do not like.Overall, I won't be back. This place isn't for me.
5	Yummy, huge, messy bacon burger. Very friendly service. Will be coming back soon.
3	I initially was torn with this place. However, after trying other places in the Phoenix area for Italian beef, I can say that this place is simply ok. The prices are a bit high for what you get and the service has never been that friendly. The Italian beef is a bit dry and is not sliced thin enough. Additionally, I was not impressed with the Chicago dog. If I pay 3.50 for a hot dog, I would expect it to be fairly large. This was not the case at all. I have gotten bigger hot dogs at costco for 1.50 with a soda included. Anyways, been here twice now and I don't think I would return. I would rather drive the extra 10 miles to Taylor Street. Once you have eaten there, you will know what good Italian Beef should be like and its alot more reasonable price wise.
3	The burgers are admittedly fantastic. They are thick and freshly grilled right in front of you. I have to say though. When I was told the French fries are freshly made, I was disappointed to get a bag of precut crimpcut fries. And the price to upgrade from a 7$ burger to a combo of fries and a drink increases the price almost 4$ son are paying 11$ for burger and fries... Seems a bit steep. Over all I recommend their burgers. I think they are delicious, well cooked and well prepared. But the price is high for the service and quality of sides.
5	Great service, great burgers, fresh veggies. Go in hungry, because you will be overwhelmingly dissapointed if you cant finish off as much beef as possible.
5	I went to go to Subway and Lobby's was next door and I always like to try out new places and support a small business whenever I can. The Bacon Chesse Burger was excellent and the fries were hot and crispy without me having to ask, which is really unusual. The price was a little on the high side, but the food was really good and I wish them all the best.
5	friendly staff,quick service and excellent food. I had the bacon burger and it was great. I will be back to try more food items.
5	Really good burger. Better be hunger. Super messy but totally worth it.
5	Brak LOVES hot dogs.  Brak REALLY loves an authentic Chicago dog, and it doesn't get any more authentic than at Lobby's.  The burgers are damn fine too.  I'm getting hungry just writing about the joint.  It's small, mom & pop-sized, in a good way.  Nothing screams "chain!" or attitude or cheesiness here - it's just damn good grub, most of which is bad for you, which all the good stuff is, of course.  I think I'm going by for a Chicago dog as soon as I'm through at the salt mines today.  Yeah, that's the ticket!
4	I was in search for the best burger in Tempe and I'm positive this place is it. It has a decent size menu. Burgers, hot dogs and The Italian Beef are their specialties. 1st time there I ordered just a regular burger with the works.Grilled onions are a must! Trust me. Bun was fresh, burger was juicy right into the first bite. I'm not a big fan of crinkle cut fries but these were decent. They had this special dipping sauce that kinda reminded me of the Big Mac Sauce.All in all, real good food. My combo was around $9 but it was worth it.Definitely a must try
4	That 2/3 lb double cheese bacon cheeseburger was as delicious as the $12 i paid for it with fries and drink. My only complaint about lobbys is the straight out of a bag crinkle fries that remind me of my high school days........if they change those fries to natural cut fries or curly fries they would definetely get 5 stars from me!PS my roommate got the chili cheese fries and apparently the homemade chili was delicious so that comes with a recommendation from him!
3	MEH....I wanted to love this place. Seriously. Especially with the awesome foursquare and yelp check in they offer.  Just so you aren't as surprised as I was when I got to the register with the check in : You must buy a sandwich and a drink and you will get a hot dog, Italian beef sandwich, or burger for free along with another drink.  Now i am not positive of what was reduced in price but i got a chili cheese burger, Italian beef sandwich and an order of crinkle cut fries with the two drinks for a total of 13ish dollars.      I began eating my OK french fries on the way home...Yes i said it they were Okay. If they were all crispier it might have had my attention.  (This could totally just be the weird time of the month where nothing ever really fills my cravings or taste buds aren't exactly satisfied in the slightest) So here I am a couple minutes from home anxiously waiting to see how this Burger and Italian beef shall taste!       For the big moment of truth.....The chili is wiped off the sides with my crinkle cut fries( not bad not great) I have been spoiled with PITTSBURGH WILLY'S NO BEAN CHILI(SO MUCH BETTER!!)  The chili from lobby's i can tell you right now i do not believe I will crave in the future like I do with PW's.  So after doing this til there are no french fries left, I go in for the big bite....And well...It was A-OK. Probably would have enjoyed it a little more without the chili and the nacho cheese type melted cheese melted on top of this poor poor burger.(I HATE NASTY CHEESE THAT REMINDS ME OF VELVEETA)*shivers*The Italian beef sandwich is extremely extremely greasy to where my phone accidentally below my bag of food on the way home was almost drenched.  :[Flavor...ehhh...pass.So i saved it for my boyfriend for when he comes home from a night out. He should love it. :]My hopes and dreams of finding a place better than five guys was somewhat found especially for the price. Only reason I do not really care for five guys is because of the size of the burger for the price. As for this place their prices are on point. Too bad they don't have cajun spiced crinkle fries. Ohhhh that would be heaven!  Until then i might have to wait another week or two to go back again and try more on the menu or a regular burger.
4	Tried this place out for lunch today and I must agree with most of my fellow Yelpers that this place is legit. Any carnivore would love to eat at this place. I had the Cheddar Cheeseburger with fries and a drink. The burger came dressed with pickles, onion, lettuce, tomatoes and the special house sauce. It was soooo good. All the ingredients tasted so fresh and vibrant. The burger was literally made-to-order and the bun was toasted on the grill. The fries were made to order as well but since they were thick crinkle cut I can't rave too much about them (but I will say the fries tasted good with the side of special sauce). The restaurant itself was small but very clean with two mounted televisions set to ESPN. They played music so luckily I didn't have to "hear" sports in the background. The service was fast and friendly, I wish this place was a little cheaper as this meal cost a little over $9 bucks. Despite my cheapness; I can definitely see myself coming back here again. Side note: they also serve Chicago Dogs and Italian Beef Sandwiches.
4	The place: amazingly clean. Friendly, competent (and, it must be said, seriously cute) order girls. Lobby is a great guy to chat with.The fare: the Italian Beef sandwich with sweet peppers is fantastically juicy and well seasoned without being overwhelming. The chili burger is topped with just the perfect amount of chili, not a little dab like some places and not completely burying the burger like others. The fries, well, they could be better, maybe a little more crisp. Need to try a dawg next time I go (which will probably be very very soon). Yeah, Lobby's costs more than McD's or similar, and it's well worth it.
4	The burgers really do look like the picture! Fast food and it tastes gourmet! Awesome little burger joint!!!!!!!
1	Disgusting. Greasy grey meat, wilted limp lettuce, wet bun, frozen Sysco fries. Probably the worst burger I have EVER had. I'm not sure what all the positive reviews are about... Maybe if you compare these burgers to cat food they'd stand up? I'll stick to Smash Burger, or Modern Burger.
5	First let me say, as a woman from Chicago and a Chef, I am very hard to please when it comes to Chicago style food. So many of the places around here make claims that they never seem to love up to. Lobby's is not one of those. Besides the very friendly staff (another thing you don't find often in this valley), the food is wonderful. Hands down my favorite place to get comfort food when I'm home sick. The burgers are THE BEST I've had in the valley. He does not cut corners, his pruduct is top of the line. Flavorful, juicey and delicious. Portion sizes are great, my only negetive is that the cheese fries need to be a little crispier to hold up to the cheese (and more cheese lol) Only thing missing from the menu, Cheese Sticks, Fried Mushrooms and Tamale Boats ;)
3	i went during lunch and no customers were dining.  well, i did have great customer service!i ordered a bacon burger, fries and pop.  it was a good meal.  it seemed like my burger experience was above average but not great.  the fries were just okay.  it seemed pricey for what i got.i will go back only to try other items on the menu.
5	After hitting Lobby's again yesterday for about the 40th time, I just want to reiterate how yummy the burgers and the chicken sandwich are.  Not to mention the best frozen crinkle-cut fries you will ever get at a restaurant.Sitting there Pavlov-dogging while waiting for my mouth to finish the current bite of the burger so I could take another bite, I said to my daughter, "Anyone who thinks In-N-Out burgers are better than THIS needs to have their taste buds scientifically tested for functionality."  Or something very close to meaning that, anyway.I usually get the grilled chicken sandwich (full ACTUAL chicken breast, not a patty or a processed hunk of grossness but a real boneless breast) with the hot peppers and it is totally delish.  Huge piece of tasty grilled meat, never dry, never overcooked, never "scary pink" in the middle.  Just right.My recommendation to anyone who has a bad experience at Lobby's is to go back and try again.  I'd bet my bottom dollar it was a rare occurrence.  Like I said in the intro, after about 40 visits, my kids and I have had nothing but excessive bouts of yumminess when visiting Lobby's.  My 15-yr-old son has eaten at most of the good burger joints in town, and Lobby's is the burger he asks for most often.In-N-Out has it's place in history, and for good reasons, it does good business.  But I've never had anything there which even closely approaches the flavor and juiciness of what Lobby sells.  And the fries?  Not even a contest.  Frozen crinkle-cut fries at Lobby's are better than those starch-sticks which In-N-Out sells for fries.Is it "gourmet foodie" quality?  No.  But it doesn't have to be that kind of burger to taste great.CAVEAT:  My opinion obviously means no more than one person's educated opinion.  So please don't jump on my case for dissing In-N-Out.  They have their place in the fast-food chain.  But Lobby's is in a different class.
2	Dang, I hate writing low star ratings but I need to get my issues out in the open. Also, let me just say the food was good and I was really looking forward to finally checking out Lobbys, my low rating is based really on the service we got. First off, we were the only two people in the whole joint when we ordered so it's not like they were busy and being rushed to finish our orders and that's why they got messed up. Everything about our entire order was jacked up and when I'm starving and I get home to find out, yes I become a little agitated. (I know I SHOULD have checked my burger but really, unwrap everything and check it? I like to give the benefit of the doubt; I mean it is their job)Everything I didn't want on my burger came on my burger and the things i asked for on the side came all on the burger as well. Same EXACT thing with my boyfriend's burger. The chef was standing right next to the register as well and could hear our order and still everything was wrong and they also forgot to give an order of fries as well. Super disappointed that I get something I paid for exactly opposite from how I ordered it. Not just one order but both. C'mon.Would take my $21 back if I could
5	Haven't written a review in a while.  Now's the time.I saw Lobby's from the road for a while as we were going from here to there.  I saw the sign and thought, "Hmmm, burgers,"  The GeoQpons coupon from my iPhone was my incentive to take my family over for lunch.  Cool ambiance here.  The first thing that I caught my eye about Lobby's is the service.  Everybody was friendly and attentive, and we even got a big mound of extra crinkle fries with our burgers--I'm not kidding, the guy just scooped a whole bunch of extra fries on our tray.There ain't nuthin' fancy about these burgers, and that's what makes 'em special.  Simple, fresh, grilled meat, topped any way you like (and believe me, these things can get topped REALLY high).  Fries were simple and tasty.  We left full and happy.  Next time, I might try me a dog or an Italian sandwich--we'll see.  This place rocks.
2	Not sure how this is rated so high by others.  I have tried it three times. each time was the same.  The burger patty was thin and over cooked.  The toppings were large and cheap.  This made the bun fall apart and the entire experience a mess.  The price is too high for such a sloppy delivery of food.  The fries are the crinkle cut that I just don't prefer.  sorry to bag on this place, but I gave it three chances over a six month period, and just can't honesty say it is worth your time.
4	So I gave Lobbys another shot (everyone deserves a 2nd chance, well almost everyone) and I'm glad I did because everything was MUCH better this time around. Our food was made correctly and everything was very tasty. My boyfriend was much more pleased as well and said he can definitely throw Lobbys now into his list of places to go when he is craving a good burger. Everything is really fresh here and you can taste it. Staff is super nice too, which is always a plus.Thanks Lobbys for making my second dining experience so much better and totally make me forget about our first encounter :)
4	So in the NE corner of McClintock and Southern right nextto the Cockblister DVD rental there is a Chicago style hot dog joint that I've been coming to for some time during the lunch hour. Always ample parking. Ambience is good - a bunch of tables and the speakers seem to be alwaysblasting indie/alternative tunes. The girl with the dragontattoo that works the cash register is sweet and verytalented - quite a dish. But she's not on the menu. Bummer.Instead, I usually get the Chicago style hot dog with pickles,peppers, tomatoes, onions, mustard and relish. Always a goodchoice. Otherwise I usually get the juicy Italian Beef. Itis very messy and either wear a bib or just don't wear a white shirt that day - you've been warned. Burgers are alsoquite tasty and you don't need to worry about the pink slimehere. The chili is also very good - either as a topping or onit's own.
5	After reading the reviews, I thought we would give this place a try.  Definitely the BEST italian sandwich I have had in years!  The sandwich was everything you want in an italian sandwich; the meat was tender, juicy and flavorful.  I had mine 'wet' or dipped and added grilled onions and sweet peppers.  Not only was the sandwich delicious but chock full of meat and lots of sweet peppers and grilled onions!  I ordered a single burger just to try it.  BIG mistake!  It was sooo good I had to finish it and I was stuffed!  Black tea was great and mixed with the lemonade made a great Arnold Palmer.  French fries were very very good!  My girlfriend loved them.  Please, please check this place out!
5	I am a serious burger lover and this place is the real deal...l really like the habit...but lobbys far surpasses...the ambiance is not there...but it is clean and the burgers are awesome...do give it a try...lm hooked
5	Great quality beef definitely makes a difference.
5	Even after 2 years, they still deliver a superb burger, and they use grass-fed beef which makes for a high quality and tasty product.  Fries and chili are tasty as always, as well as the Italian beef and chicken sandwiches. Upgrade 1 star!
4	If you want Chicago-style food, go to Lobby's! They serve Vienna hot dogs. Their roast beef sandwiches are terrific, and they will give you extra au jus without charging you for it. I also recommend their cheese fries, if you like processed cheese-food. I think I've tried everything on their menu and it's all good. I'm getting fatter just thinking about it.  The only reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 is because once I went there and the roast beef was pink. I had probably been there 30 other times with no other complaints.
5	I had driven by Lobby's many times in the past but I never stopped to get food. A few weeks ago I decided to stop by and I have been hooked ever since! This place has authentic, fresh Chicago style food served with love. So far I've indulged in the bacon cheeseburger, italian beef sandwich and the Chicago style hotdog, as well as their fries. Everything is always hot, made to order, and very unique to the area and PHX in general. Eat here and support a great local business, you won't regret it!
5	Wow- started eating meat again and have been back 4 times already. The french dip is awesome sauce- I prefer to dip mine myself so I order it dry and they give you a lot of au jus on the side. Falls apart there's so much meat! Delicous! I like their cheese fries too- a huge order of piping hot crinkle cut fries with melted cheese all over...finger licking good.I have recently become obsessed with their Bacon Cheeseburger. This is the only place I have had a real burger from in a long time. Fresh- high quality ingredients from top to bottom. Pickles are huge and fresh, lettuce, tomato, literally every aspect of this is the best quality. I dislike mayo- they have this special house sauce and OH MY it's sooooo good! I drown my burger, plus it's great with the fries. It's got a little spice to it, nice and runny, not thick like mayo. Put everything together and it seriously makes for one of the best burgers I have ever had ANYWHERE!This is a great local small business and I hope this place continues to do well. It's amazing and they definitely have my support. Eat at LOBBY'S. ;-)
4	Great service,  great food, decently Priced menu. Try the bacon double cheeseburger!
5	Before eating at Lobby's I had never eaten Chicago style food, and man it is delicious! I ordered an Italian Beef sammie with hot peppers and cheddar and it was basically a giant meat sandwich dipped in sauce and it was so good it's making my mouth water just thinking about it. If you go there, make sure you order that. Also, the fries are super crispy and great with the fry sauce.You will love it.
5	The closest thing you can get to being in Chicago! Great Italian Beef, very good service and people that care. If you want an Italian Beef, Burger, or Hot Dog, then make your way here. Oh yea, and the fries with fry sauce were awesome as well!
4	We got take-out from here, and it was pretty darn good.  I got a Chicago-style hot dog, which is always a bit of a gamble anywhere outside of Chicago, but they did it well!The burger was also good (my wife's), and the cheese fries were pretty good, as well.  We'll go back if we're in the area again.
4	I am a fat body.  Not that I'm morbidly obese, but I doubt I have much muscle left on my carcass, and that most of it is now jiggle.  I'm glad I still have some muscle in my arms though.  Because I needed it to lift one of the most satisfying hamburgers I have had IN A LONG TIME!!!!I love this burger.  The ground beef is so orgasmically delicious!!  I almost screamed obscenities out loud from the joy that coursed over my taste buds.  I had the double with provolone and spicy peppers.  I don't think I'm ready to eat anything bigger than that, because 3 hours later, I'm still full.The burgers are definitely 5 stars, but it's a bit pricey and in a pretty weird location, so I took one away.  Oh well.  It won't stop me from driving across town for another.
5	Great grilled Italian sausage! So good, and I'm a plain person and don't like new foods much. Had with the sweet peppers, which was great! Husband loved his bacon burger. Great fries and their special sauce was surprising good. (again I don't like trying new things) but this place was great. Bringing my parents next they come to the valley!
3	Gross, flavorless Chicago dog. Amazing burgers though!
4	I searched the web to find a place in the east valley that had grass fed beef and I was led to Lobbys. What a great find!! I am on a paleo diet so am trying to stay away from grains and dairy and this place not only fit my needs, but was absolutely delicious. It is definitely a hidden gem of the east valley. The beef was delicious and they were able to accomodate my needs and served my burger wrapped in lettuce rather than the bun. Lobbys will definitely be a routine for us.
5	Can this place get any BETTER I try to go once a week and the Food is always amazing and consistent.  If you havent tried this Classic Burger PALACE you have to go definetely worth it...
4	Enjoyed Lobby's on a lazy Sunday afternoon. Great service, tastey burger.
5	This is the very first time I have ever been here. I had never even heard of it before.  Nestled in a little shopping center that is half empty is Lobby's.I Ordered a regular Cheese burger with fries, Mario got a double.Less than $20.00 for both of us including the tip.What amazed me at first as we waited for our food, was how very sparkling clean the place was, Here they are cooking grease all day and the stainless steel was shiny like The Top of the Chrysler Building!Which means they fully scrub it down every night. When we did get our food it was amazing!!! Yes it was hot, fresh, and oh so good. You could see the meat had no fillers ,the tomato's were a bit unripe but other than that, it was fantastic. I wanted to save a little for the dog (to take home). But, I ate it all.Fries were also really good.  While we were there they had their meat delivery , and guess what ! It is fresh meat that will do home delivery from grain feed cattle. This place is the bomb of the Burger World. It is just as you made it at home. The staff was super good as well, very friendly and always busy.
4	Just discovered this place by wondering on yelp, and I must say I loved it. I ordered the italian beef and it was soo delicious, i wasn't expecting so much flavor in the meat, it was very tender and juicy. You have the option to dip your sub in the meat's juice or have it on the side. The place looked very nice and clean. The people who worked there were really nice. I would definitely would come back here.
5	I have been here many times over the years. We came here 2 weeks ago, but It was time for another visit.  Stopped in to pick up an early dinner to go around 3:30pm.Double cheese burger with Provolone and french fries. This is a grat place for a healthy Burger. They meat here is delivered fresh everyday.High price for the burgers but, well worth it, because, the food is great!This is better than what you can make at home.Nice and clean inside, smells good, and looks nice.We will come here again many times. My girlfriend does not even like Burgers, but she loves these.
4	After attending this year's burger battle and speaking with Lindsey F. about how great Lobby's burgers are, this place has been on my radar for a while now. I don't get to Tempe very often, but when I did, I was going to be sure to give Lobby's a try. I finally got there yesterday and Lindsey was true to her word, because they made a really tasty burger. Would I rank it #1 on my Best Burgers in Phoenix list? No, but it will certainly make the list!I ordered a bacon cheese burger with cheddar. One thing that disappointed me was that they don't offer American cheese, but cheddar will do. The burger came out hot, cheesy, and smothered in their homemade sauce. It was very similar to In N' Out's style, but with a bigger burger (1/3lb). The burger was a perfect combination of salty and sweet.They also offer a burger challenge for some crazy gluttonous patrons to try out. You have only 10 minutes to eat a nonuple cheeseburger and get your photo on their Wall of Fame. Otherwise, it'll set you back $30. I personally think 10 minutes is ridiculous. 15 minutes would be fair. All is all, forget the challenge and get yourself a normal cheeseburger. You'll be very satisfied!
5	Wow! Yummy! My first time eating here, got the double burger with provolone cheese. That thing was packed with goodness and it was so juicy it was running all over my hands. nuff said
5	Yeah, amazing.  Split a burger and the beef and sausage.  AWESOME. Yes, as good as the reviews state.  Weird location, but well worth it.  They don't do much (limited items), but what they do the do amazing!
5	FOODStopped at Lobby's for lunch with a friend a couple weeks ago and had a double burger plain (no veggies) with their sauce.  This place makes good burgers at very reasonable prices and their somewhat spicy sauce was good and gave me a change from my usual drown it in mustard strategy.  The fries were decent, though not as good as Four Peaks fries. SERVICEThe Service was prompt and quite friendly.ATMOSPHEREThe place is bright, open, and clean.  Very different from a place like the Chuckbox.  It was empty at lunchtime on Sunday when I was there, but I imagine would be quite busy during the week given its proximity to McClintock highschool.
4	This is a nice, modern place to get a burger or a hot dog.  The place is clean and the staff is friendly.  The burgers are good and so are the chili dogs.  The fries are above average.  I am looking forward to trying the Italian Beef in the future.
5	Whenever I bite into a burger I want it to taste exactly like the burgers at Lobbys.   Nuff said.
5	What a great place! The owner is really friendly and knows his menu. Never been before, and his suggestions for my wife and I were excellent.  Value is outstanding, but be prepared to get messy as the beef is juicy and delicious. The place is very clean, the food came out quickly and looked great. Also, this place serves better burgers than The Habit. I just wish they had onion rings.
5	Pretty damn good burger.  Glad I didn't "hold" the sauce.  It complimented the burger well
5	best burgers and Italian beef sandwiches in az. Lobby is the man!! Super helpful, happy, and always hustling.
5	So delicious you won't regret it
5	Awesome place.Burgers are sometimes a little salty, but for the most part they are always good.Fries are great, and with their fry sauce, they are simply the best. To cook is always friendly, and the girls working the counter are always nice & never pushy.I found that the owner although very nice, can be a little protective over his fry sauce. Either that or I am a pig with the fry sauce. I can't help it, it's amazing.I like that they not only have the 3lb burger challenge, but also have pics of people that completed it. The one that blows me away is the picture of this petite little girl who has completed the challenge 3 times, and most recent time was in a little over 4 minutes. All in all, I love this place.
5	Went here today and tried this place for the first time. I had a cheese burger with hot peppers and it was one of the best burgers I have had. The chili cheese fries were also very good and I liked their fry sauce. My friend was very happy with her veggie sandwich. Overall this place is awesome, I'll be back!
4	He forgot my cheese but it was still the best, cheap burger and fries ever. I will go back.
4	Great tasty Chicago food.  Love the dressing for the fries
5	I've eaten here about 5 times and have never had a bad meal. I've only had the double cheeseburger and can't try anything else because it's so good. Get the fries with cheese on them and apply fry sauce. This food will make you fat and happy.
5	I'm always looking for a good burger and thanks to my fellow yelpers I found one!  This place has the most juicy, flavorful burgers around. I'm normally a huge Habit fan but I have to agree with some of the other yelpers and say this place is even better than The Habit!  The service was fast and friendly. Loved the fry sauce!  Ask for the large container of it because it goes fast!  I would suggest to get lots of napkins as you will need them!!
3	Was craving a burger so i ordered the bacon burger. The bun looked like it was smashed and it didnt look that appetizing. However I ate it and it had a nice slice of onions in there and veggies but overall I wasnt impressed. But hey I was craving a burger so I got one. On the good note they had sweet potato fries that was good. The burger was pretty dry so I asked for ranch dressing to put on my burger and that helped. But overall it wasn't super good but it was a burger to eat. My friend got these chili cheese fries that looked pretty good, I tried a few and it was pretty good. I'd say the fries were better than the burger. But if your there maybe try something other than the burgers.
5	Went for the first time yesterday, and it was amazing. Everyone was friendly, it was clean, and the food was delicious. Probably the best burger I've ever had. I would definitely suggest this to anyone.
5	Great burgers! The house sauce is awesome, beef is delicious and all of the toppings are very fresh. As for service, it's a order at the register kind of place, and you pick the seating. Both times I've gone it has always been very clean and well kept. Another nice thing is that this place actually delivers as well. If your looking for a fairly inexpensive and good quality burger, check this place out.
1	The website boasts 100% Grass-fed Iowa beef, the prices were reasonable and the delivery guy was very nice and personable. The rest of my experience was absolutely awful. First off, the delivery service is run through another company. Who outsources delivery drivers? Evidently these folks do, and you pay for it with patience and money. We ordered three of the same burgers (bacon burgers with added cheddar), and modified one to have no onion and no sauce. We also ordered one order of cheese fries with added peppers, and two plain orders of fries on the side. The website was fickle and we had to put in the correct combinations of "Letter-perfect" street addresses, which was aggravating but manageable. Our order showed up precisely on time, the delivery guy looked stressed and hands over a half-soaked white bag covered in what he claims is cheese sauce and says "The fries busted." So I scurry off to the kitchen with our food to inspect the damages and the cheese fries are fine, the cheese sauce couldn't have run all over the inside of the bag because it was ice cold. Anyone who has handled cold cheese sauce knows it's like salty silly putty when it's cold. No, it is in fact the sauce from the burger that nobody ordered on the side. We just plain didn't want the burger sauce, but we got in anyway, all over our entire order. The delivery guy calls the restaurant and tells them what happened, they say they will replace the entire order but that it will take another hour to get back to us. We called the restaurant and the girl who picked up the phone was rude, abrupt and blamed the delivery guy for throwing the food around. He blamed her for packaging it badly. She showed no care or concern for our complaint and couldn't get us off the phone fast enough. We asked to speak to a manager and she says "I can take a message". Oh, so now the underpaid help is fielding complaints for the manager or is it that she has no intention of doing anything about it but wiping her a** with the complaint slip? I think it's the latter. She really was the most awful representative for a dining establishment I have ever encountered. I have bar-tended and served in high end and low end restaurants for ten years and I have to say, she has NO business being in the food business. She should be relieved of her *obviously* so-stressful position at the front counter of Lobby's burgers and fries. Then, when we hang up with that one, the manager calls us and sensing that he is unable to make things right as they have gone so so terribly wrong, he hangs up on us! Awesome customer service abounds here! So yes, what little corner I could taste of the burger was absolutely delicious, though 99.9% of it went right in the trash. I wish I had gotten an edible order so we could have enjoyed all of it. It's sad, really, a whole meal wasted because someone put sauce in a bag that we didn't even want. I would consider trying it again, but the girl on the phone, the manager and the delivery service make me really think twice before going back.
5	Love this place.   Great philly cheesesteak.  get it with everything.
4	Really good food, but the problem I've had both times I've ordered delivery from them is the food arrived very messy and there was Lobby Sauce spilled inside the bags of food. I will have to try their food at the restaurant and see what I think.
5	In an abandoned strip mall. Unassuming and delicious. Check in and get a free drink coupon!
2	Not sure which place all these people were reviewing. The burger had very little flavor compared to In n Out, Chuckbox or Freddy's. The fries are Ore Ida. So not sure why so much stink over them. Kinda mushy.The special sauce was not very good tasting. Maybe we hit them on a bad day? Who knows. Probably won't be back though.
4	Excellent burgers & french fries! Can't wait to try the 3 pound challenge....
4	I have not been to resturant but I was able to get the resturant delievered through delicious delieveries. We were very weary of trying a new place- so we had food on stand by..Much to our surprise though- the burger was wonderful! I ate the whole thing on my own. The fries weren't overdone and they were the crinkle cut fries as an added bonus. The chili was okay but when paired with the cheese the chili tasted a ton better. The highlight for me was the fry dipping sauce..I ended up dipping the burger in it AND the fries in their fry dipping sauce. I do wish the burger was a little bit larger but other than the the food was great!
5	Lobbys makes my favorite burger in the valley.  They use fresh beef, which makes a tremendous difference in the flavor of the meat, and are cooking on a flattop griddle, which in my opinion is the best way to make a burger.   The grill man throws down a ball of the fresh beef on the griddle then smashes it with a spatula, resulting in a delicious and juicy patty with nice caramelization on the outside of the meat.  The buns are buttered and placed on the griddle then steamed with the burger, giving them a softness and unbelievable flavor to complement the meat, and the burger is finished with onion, lettuce, tomato, and a special sauce which is tangy like a thousand island.  I'm a hamburger guy, but my wife always gets the bacon cheeseburger which comes with a choice of American or provolone and it's out of this world.  The frys are crinkle cut and not fresh but are cooked to order, which is nice.  This place is a Chicago style burger joint so they also have Chicago style dogs and Italian Beef.  I feel out of my element reviewing Italian Beef as I've got no Chicago connections, though I do love the city and all the food traditions that come from there.  That being said, it's the best I've had in the valley as well, and I would still be a regular here if the Italian Beef was the only thing on the menu.  I've never ordered a hot dog from here, as Chicago dogs aren't my thing and I can't imagine coming here and not ordering a burger or Italian Beef.The atmosphere is casual, with a self-service soda dispenser and TV's around in the dining area with ESPN on all day, which is great if you're popping in for lunch on your own.  Lobbys is a real gem near my neighborhood in Tempe, and I hope I'm able to eat here for many years to come.
3	Bacon burger was eeeeehhh. Bacon was shriveled up, not impressed with the taste of the dry meat, it in fact does need the sauce which i got on the side. So far, it has not lived up to the hype. Portion of fries was awesome but had that oven baked fried taste they were okay and needed ketchup in which I don't eat fries with ketchup so.... The meat itself is dry, the toppings certainly have to lend a hand. Again the bacon was a disappointment but did have decent flavor. The sauce is pretty darn good as well as the pickle and other produce. The chili cheese fries were classic carnival style, not bad.When its all said and done, I wasn't too impressed so the jury is out on if i would return. Nat bad but not great that's three stars for me.for good burgers I'd say Lenny's or In N out is always a home run.for fries, Lenny's, Rally's and In N out.
5	Best Burger in the East Valley!I found out about this place on Yelp and decided to try it out last night on a whim. It is located right across the street another place in the area I frequent so I was shocked that I never heard of this place before.When I first stepped in I was kindly greeted by the staff and owner (who was also the chef) and we exchanged a few pleasantries before I ordered. You can see him cooking clear as day from any seat in the restaurant which is fairly uncommon and impressive for a burger joint. I ordered a simple burger with cheddar cheese and combo'd it with fries. The total was under $10 but I would have gladly paid more for it.The taste and flavor of this burger was superb. Better than any other burger place I've been to. It puts Islands, Five Guys, In n Out to shame in both taste, presentation, and value. I couldn't stop eating this burger. The beef was fresh, packed with flavor, and seasoned beautifully. It was a great cut of meat that was complimented very well by the perfectly toasted buns and their special burger sauce. The fries were fresh, plentiful, incredibly crispy, and included a ramekin of their sauce for dipping (which I quickly ran out of).I've never felt more satisfied and pleased after finishing a meal. The burger was portioned and perfectly sized and I probably could have wolfed down another order of fries with sauce easily.The best part about my visit was that the owner was amazingly kind and friendly. We chatted afterwards and he was genuinely passionless about his food, something that I think a lot of other burger places have lost through the "automation" of delivery.I can't recommend this place highly enough. It is definitely worth a drive out here. I will be sure to frequent this place from now on!
4	Yummy and fry sauce has a little kick! amazing!
4	Deliciously flavorful juicy burgers and fries!  My boyfriend says its one of the BEST Italian beefs he has ever had.  I would like to see more on the menu, but it is a good thing that they stick to what they do best BEEF!
5	Sweet Jebus I must have more!!!! There is really no way to explain how amazing the burgers are...you must experience for yourself. No, seriously. What reaching nirvana is to a yogi, Lobby's is to someone craving a quality beef burger. Is it your last meal on earth? starting that vegan diet cleanse tomorrow? You must try Lobby's at least once.They also have Polish sausage, Italian beef sandwiches, chili cheese fries...(oh the humanity!!) Fresh Iowa beef! 'Nuff said.
5	I think I have Lobby's at least 3 times a week nowadays.  Someone stop me! But seriously it's great.  If I can't make it in, I order their delivery through Tempe Takeout, which takes a bit longer, but it comes hot...and I don't have to drive anywhere!!My favorite is the bacon burger.  Yum.  Everything is fresh, and I really like the way they cut their pickles. Sounds like a strange comment, but hey, it adds great flavor! Everyone there is nice, and it's super quick. You can watch them press out the burger on the grill right there in front of you. Anyway...now I'm hungry....think I might order some food!
4	Love the food, love the special sauce.  Lobby is always super nice as is the rest of the staff.
4	Great burger joint. A little better than 5 guys. Fries are good. Special sauce is good and not just thousand island dressing, I appreciate that. Friend loved the shake. I will def be back! Get ranch for the fries and you can have 5 stars.
5	Seriously the best burger I've ever eaten.  Huge and well proportioned made with fresh beef, fresh veggies and a delicious lightly toasted bun.  Compared to 5 Guys and Smashburger, there's no contest.  It's a hundred times better and it's less expensive.  Special sauce was really good, I used it on both my burger and fries.     Haven't tried the Italian beef but it's not really my thing... Friend of mine who loves chili dogs said theirs is the best!       Lobby's is always clean and the staff is always friendly.  Really good food and a fair price...  Lobby's is the place.
5	Best Chicago style food in PHX Valley. I'm from Chicago myself and can tell you this place would be a top Chicago food joint. The owner is from Chicago and gets his beef fresh locally (portillos ships frozen beef from Chi). The giardanara is fresh and amazing. They keep the menu short to only serve food that they master and they have definitely mastered italian beef and hot dogs. I do like Portillos, it gets 4 stars. But it is fast food compared to Lobbys. Get a lb of beef to go with some bread and you're ready to go.
5	Where oh where to begin!The burgers are out of this world. Forget 5 guys and Smashburger. This place has better quality and is cheaper, which is amazing considering the quality.The special sauce is delicious with a bacon burger with cheese. The fries are delicious and I like to mix the special sauce with ketchup which gives it a nice kick. I haven't tried their other menu items yet. I just finished with all their burgers and I have never had a disappointing experience.
4	Was dyingggggg for a burger during work one day and I found this place on Yelp. This place is literally down the street from my work so I had to try it out, especially with such good ratings. I ordered the Bacon burger with a side of fries. It wasn't the best burger I ever had but it was pretty good. They have their own special sauce on it as well which is also served with their fries. It actually reminded me of In & Out's sauce. That thousand Island shizz... lol. Their fries are good too. Not too salty or soggy but just right. My co worker ordered the chili cheese fries which I got to try. Holy crap, their portion for this was huge! It was a like a 2 person meal maybe. lol. The pricing wasn't that bad and the staff was really friendly. Plus I got my meal quick! The only thing was I felt like I needed to hit the gym after scarfing everything down. lol. I'll definitely come back when I'm feenin for a burger since it's so close to my work. =)
4	Burger itself is juicy and has lots of flavor.  If you like grilled onions, you have to make sure you get theirs, not sure what it is but they do it right!  Don't try to eat their burger if you are around someone that you are trying to impress, it's pretty messy so you will have some messy fingers and a messy mouth.  Totally worth it though!Their fries are good, just your average frozen crinkle cut ones though.  If they did fresh cut fries, I think it would take this place to a whole new level.  Very few places around here do fresh cut fries and I think they are missing out.  Their fry sauce is really good though and makes everything taste so much better.  Both times I've been here I had the same blonde girl at the register and she was very friendly and pleasant.  Restaurant was clean too.  I'll be back for sure when I want a greasy yummy cheat.
4	The burger was wonderful. I placed an order for delivery. It was the most expensive burger I have ever ordered for delivery. There is a $5.00 delivery fee and a $10 minimum to place your order. I was really lazy because after reading that I went ahead and placed my order anyway. The sloth in me won that day. My food arrived 45 minutes later still warm. The burger was prepared to my liking. The mystery sauce was actually pretty spicy in a good way. The fries were Ore Ida crinkle cut which I liked. It reminded me of being a kid. The ice tea though is not sweetened and as a  Southern lady I spat that right back out.  Definitely will be going to the location to try again.
5	Once again, Yelp comes through for me. I hadn't had an Italian Beef/Sausage Combo for a while, and Lobby's served me up a fantastic one. I ordered mine dipped and sweet, and it was like I had been magically transported to my old neighborhood on the Southside of Chicago. A wonderfully delicious and marvelously messy piece of culinary heaven on earth. The crinkle-cut fries complimented it perfectly, and there were plenty more than I could be comfortable eating.They hit the nail right on the head with this, and I'll definitely be back to try some of their other offerings.
4	Tried out this place and sought out their italian beef sandwich. It was a monster and nearly impossible to manage eating. Glad I had this one to go... probably would have looked crazy trying to eat it in public! lol
4	Excellent beef sandwiches a little to juicy but very good Chicago style Italian beef. Fries are good with there dipping sauce. Hot dogs are very good too. The cute girls aren't bad to look at either. I would share my hot dog with them and share my fries.
4	Better than In-n-out, The Habit, Smash Burger and Lenny's! Great food, but a tad pricey. Everything was prepared fresh and hot, and they have special fry sauce - woot woot!
4	Their Italian beef is so fresh even hours before they close.   I will not bash anyplace but Lobby's beef is much better than the old place that I used to go to for my Italian beef fix.  The crinkle fries are good, just wished they had RC on tap here.
3	After reading the reviews, I was really excited to try this place out.  Unfortunately, just okay.  I opted for the single cheeseburger, fries and drink.  They seem to steam the hamburger pattie, leaving it mushy and making the bun soggy after just a couple of bites.  Definitely could have benefited with some salt/seasoning.  The "spread" really does not add much to the burger.  Portions are large and it is true about the chili/cheese fries.  That order is HUGE!
4	Great place! Quick service.
5	5+ StarsJust had Lobby's double bacon cheeseburger and they still amaze me with their food!  It is one of the better burgers I've had from a fast casual restaurant.  They know how to lettuce wrap a huge burger which was a complaint I had from a burger place at a Goodyear restaurant I reviewed.  The burgers are season and topped with just about anything you want.  This place has an excellent Italian beef sandwich which means they have Giardiniera that I put on my burger that made it even better!  Lobby's had earned the extra star and will drive from the westside to enjoy a good meal.
4	The burger is great.  I can't wait to go back and try the Italian Beef and the Chicago dog.  Obviously this is an authentic Chicago eatery, in Tempe.   French fries were just French fries.  Nothing special but well cooked.
4	Pretty good!  Very well made burger and very high quality.  The fries are ribbon style and are very tasty as well and they have really good dipping sauces.  It's kind of hard to find but it is on McClintock just past southern on the northeast side.  If you get to McClintock High School you've gone too far.  They need a bigger sign on the road or something. There is a very diverse menu including Italian beef.  When we walked in it seemed like every table had the cheese fries but I dig my heart too much to do that to it.
5	Lobby's make the best burger in the valley. On top of that the service is exellent and the place is imaculate. Including the restrooms.
3	I love when a tiny eatery outshines a bigger chain, but Lobby's basically is a stripped-down Portillo's that doesn't compare to the Chicago Italian beef giant. Kudos for fast, friendly service and grass-fed beef.
5	Grilled mushroom burger and cheese fries. Ask for the lobby sauce. I've tried almost everything on the menu and have not been disappointed once. The guy grilling definitely knows what he's doing. If you call in your order they'll wait to start cooking so that when you get it home its hot and fresh.
5	I rarely eat burgers since they are known to counteract my workouts at the gym. Lol. But I won't even bother eating one from anywhere but Lobby's! When I get a craving for one, it is the only place I will go and/or recommend to my friends! So delicious!!!
5	First time to write a review on Yelp ... And first time to Lobby's. How appropriate a joint for my first review!Recently moved deeper into Tempe & an updated search on Yelp provided us with new places to try! Saw the photos of the burgers at Lobby's and was shocked. If these burgers match up to their pics ... We are in the money!We ordered a double cheeseburger and a Chicago-style hot dog. Both. Amazing. If you want a burger that tastes like you're enjoying a premium back-yard professional-chef char-grilled stack... This is your burger. And the hot dog. Fresh. Hefty amount of toppings. Flavorful. Delicious. Go. Try. Enjoy. Thumbs up.
5	The Italian Beef is my Homeboy..
5	Let me say... Delicious!  This burger gem is hidden in the back of the plaza and isn't easy to find.  Once you're inside Lobby's, you get to choose your burger how you want it made.  You can choose from a burger, cheeseburger, double, bacon, grilled onions, mushrooms, all of the goodies!  The patties are thick, which is important to me when I choose a burger.  I want to feel like I'm eating meat not just the bun.  The veggies are fresh and the pickles are cut thick so you can taste them on your burger.  The meat is lean and fresh.  Excellence is in every burger and the burger comes hot off the grill straight onto the bun and delivered right to you!  If you like burgers, that are inexpensive, I would highly recommend trying this place out!  You will not regret it... don't forget the fresh crispy fries you can order with your burger and I would try out their fry sauce.  I usually don't like fry sauce, but there is something delicious about this one!  And last perk, they have a check in offer... free drink when you check in.  You can't go wrong!  Run, don't walk to this burger place!
4	I definitely recommend this place to all burger lovers. The service was fast and friendly. Burgers were the juiciest I've had in a while. The fries were meh, but I think that's been said. A great hidden find, look forward to going back soon.
5	I'll have to agree with Sue C. (ROTD) and other fellow Yelpers when it comes to rating this locally owned Chicago style restaurant. What more can you ask for other than friendly service and a tasty menu of quality food cooked with TLC.It is also nice to have a place that opens earlier than the usually lunch time competition. I start work early and can get hungry rather quickly. This place opens at 10 and is always clean and ready to go. The owner told me this is the Chicago way of doing things. Nice!Love the fact that they use Grass-fed Beef from Iowa in their Burgers. Reminds me of what beef used to taste like back in the days. The Chicago Style Vienna All-Beef Hot Dogs are also very tasty and you can get them with Chili and Cheese when you are in the mood. The Dipped Italian Beef with both types of peppers and some Provolone Cheese is one of my favorites as well.Yes there are cheaper places in town that start with Jimbo or the letter P. You can get more food there for the dollar but the quality can sometimes suffer a great deal. What I like here is that everything taste fresh and they go out of there way to keep it that way. No chili in a can at this restaurant.Located in a strip mall off the road with plenty of place to park. I'll pay extra to get the better quality and special attention. Chicago attitude comes free and is always a treat. Did I mention how big the Chili Cheese Fries were the other day? SHAZAM!4.75 STARS
5	Every once in a great while, you come across a place where, even after one visit, you know you'll be back for more. I'm sitting in the restaurant now, and feel the way I did when I had a new crush in high school: giddy. I can't exactly place it...maybe it's the generous portion of crinkle cut fries made to perfection or the creamy cheese sauce drizzled all over them. Maybe it was the fresh tasting burger, the lightly toasted sesame seed bun it came on, the cheddar cheese, or the special sauce that brought it all together. It's one of those burgers where you take the first bite and can't put it down...you don't even want to stop to use the ketchup you brought to the table specifically for the burger; it just disappears before you can realize what happened, and all you're left with is the fun music and fresh, clean atmosphere as you sit in the restaurant, wowed, and fantasizing about the next time you'll be back. I'm definitely coming back to try the Italian Beef and a shake. This place reminds me of home. Don't pass up an opportunity to have a great tasting burger for a reasonable price.
5	Dang, this place makes a good burger. I went here last night for the first time, because the boyfriend was craving a burger and Lobbys was the random place he picked out on Yelp. I wasn't expecting much, but holy cow - this was probably the best take out burger I'd ever had. Delicious, generously sized burger with loads of toppings. The grass-fed beef makes a difference. And it was so big! I had that burger around 7pm and wasn't hungry again until, like, 2pm today. Now, normally my boyfriend and I don't eat so much fast food, but we've been doing a lot of Christmas-related chores this week, running all around town, and we ended up hungry this afternoon while out doing errands. We'd skipped breakfast, and that caught up with us. So when looking for a late lunch, where did we go again? Yes.. back to Lobbys. I'm not proud of the fact that 100% of my meals within a 16 hour period were burgers. And before going into Lobbys for the second time today, I desperately hoped it wasn't the same people working the counter as had been there last night, so I wouldn't have an audience to my shame. No such luck - same crew exactly. And the guy behind the register totally recognized us (he had helpfully explained the whole punch card promo they run there). But my shame of ordering two of these burgers in less than 24 hours was completely overwhelmed by my carnivorous need for another one of these burgers. They are that delicious. Thank you Lobbys, for those shamefully delicious burger-filled 16 hours of my life.
3	This place isn't bad, though I'm not sure it's a place I'd visit all the time. The burgers are cheap, but they're a bit bland in flavor and certainly are messy. They also like to make these burgers tall.  The fries are great. And the service was friendly. I only wish the burgers had more flavor.
2	Good burgers and I'm told the Italian beef is good too but the service is not so good, it's a big high school hangout during the weekday afternoons and they don't cater to customers that come in after 9:30 pm. My email on their website also went unanswered, which was another customer service turnoff to me.Rosatti's and DeFalcos also have very good Italian beef and there are other good burger joints in the area for this one to be a staple for me.
5	Tempe, your secret is out. Lobby's Burgers is de-lic-ious! Dropped in here with my Dude two months back for a quick, definitely not good for you dinner. Tip: It's behind Gold Bar Espresso. Just drive around the building, and BOOM! Lobby's appears.Immaculately clean inside. In fact, it seemed that someone was constantly cleaning the place while we were there. Just one gal working the counter, another cooking, and she was very patient with us as we ordered. I had a Bacon Cheeseburger, lettuce wrapped, and Dude had the Chili Burger. We also tried some of the fries. Pst, split them with a friend, the serving is more than enough!Lobby uses grass-fed beef, and you can certainly taste the difference. The burger had thick slices of pickles, tomatoes, onions, and fresh lettuce with sliced cheddar, bacon, and Lobby's secret sauce.By the way, that sauce makes an awesome dip for the fries. Mmm mmm mmm! This was the best "fast food" burger I've had in ages, and for a great price. Dude wasn't a fan of the chili, but I'm a nice lady friend and shared. I don't know how you could think the mouthful of grease that's In-N-Out is still the "God of the Burger Industry" after eating at Lobby's Burgers. Can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu!
5	I LOVE the Italian Beef at this place. It's the best in town since Luke's has gone down hill.  Portillo's is not bad, but the meat is better at Lobbys.  Everything here is VERY GOOD. The burgers, dogs, and sausages are all worth trying, but I come back for the Beef Sandwich. Ask for it dipped, it's a sloppy mess of GOODNESS!   The only bad thing I can say about this place is that it has a strange smell frequently.
5	After driving around for ten minutes on the wrong side of the parking lot, the girl and I finally found this hidden gem in Tempe. But I am glad we did.I've been here twice so far and both times the burgers have been great. first time I got the chili burger and the second time I got a bacon burger with mushrooms. Both burgers were great. Good flavor and very fresh toppings. Admittedly I was a little underwhelmed with the chili but it may have been an off night so will give i another try. The fries are great especially with the Lobby's sauce. Both times I've been in the customer service has been excellent and very friendly. I've heard they make really good dogs and sandwiches as well so will definitely have to give them a shot sometime.
5	Tried it for the first time today.  I'll be a regular!  The Italian beef is awesome and actually hand sliced by the owner!  Locally baked bread holds this juicy, delicious sandwich as it melts in your mouth!  The owner was on the grill today and a very nice guy who definitely has a passion for serving great food.  I love a small locally owned business that takes pride in what they do!  While waiting for my sandwiches I noticed that he was actually frying the bacon for a cheeseburger rather than use pre-cooked  as most restaurants do.  Portillo's does not hold a candle to this beef!  If they ever decide to do delivery, I'll weigh 600 pounds!
5	No lies in these positive reviews! First time here I went for the bacon mushroom burger (based on a previous review) with provolone and chili cheese fries. I sat there after I scarfed down my burger, staring at my fries, thinking, "Why didn't you get another burger??". The guys there were extremely cool, and told me a little about the place, owner from Chicago, and locally sourced ingredients.  I will be choosing Lobby's over In n Out every time I am here in town!
5	Where do I start? Well, thanks to these reviews and my need for something hearty to take care of m hangover stomach, I chose Lobby's for my lunch. My food was made to order, and everything was flawless. It's the kind of burger you dream of. I got the bacon cheddar burger and fries w/ fry sauce. I paired it with a bottled mexican coke I got from the gas station next door because I couldnt hold a fountain drink on my bike. I just finished my meal and I can say without exaggeration, that it was as good as sex. I'll definitely be back!
5	So sad I don't live here...I would definatley make this a once a week stop. Establishment is very clean, staff is very friendly and fast. Everything is cooked to order. Burgers are the best I've had in years. (and I travel the US for work) I would advise to get extra special sauce also...( I dip my fries in it) Italian sandwich is beyond delicious but be prepared with at least a dozen napkins..lol  Will always make this a stop when passing through the Phoenix area!!!!!
4	Last night my boyfriend said he wanted a big juicy burger for dinner so we decided to try Lobbys. He definitely got his burger fix! The burgers were packed with toppings, the beef was flavored, and the cheese completely melted (I hate when cheese isn't melted). Their crinkle cut fries were crispy, salted and so yummy. Mmmm... everything was delicious! They also offered us fry sauce. It tastes very similar to Freddys or Kanes dipping sauce. The place was clean and the staff very friendly. We'd definitely be back!
3	Lobby's burgers are delicious. The service is top-notch. The owner is often behind the counter and he and the other staff are very friendly. I used to love this place. Two problems: I chose Lobby's originally because they serve grass-fed beef and that means a lot to me. I choose grass-fed beef in my home and if I can't eat grass-fed at a restaurant, I choose something else. The menu says they serve USDA grass-fed beef. But, the owner told me that the one he buys his beef from actually gives them a little corn near the end of their feeding period. This violates the laws about USDA grass-fed beef, so it looks like they are using the "USDA grass fed" label fraudulently. The other problem: they refuse to have gluten-free buns. They suggested instead that I use lettuce. A lettuce wrap is just not a bun. It's not the same. I am willing to pay extra for a gluten-free bun, but Lobby's won't give me that option, so they have lost my business.
5	great food and never disappointed the secret sauce is awesome
5	A must try!!! I don't wright reviews, but for this place I had to... Everything I had was good. Ask for the fry sauce if u get fries that alone is enough to go!!!
4	drove by this place and wanted a burger so i stopped in with friends.  Order a bacon cheese burger which was really good, the house sauce is very tasty too so i'm glad i choose that.  I also ordered the Cheese Fries which was a pretty large portion with melted cheese wiz type cheese on it and very enjoyable.The rest of the food also looked amazing and i was wishing i ordered the Italian beef after seeing another table with it, so next time i am getting that.  Also being close to ASU was nice since there were a few hot chick working behind the counter.
3	EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE. Disappointing food. The fries are over-hyped. They are good, and different than most places fries but nothing spectacular. The burgers are bland.
5	Ermahgah...this burger was just yummy. Amazing to see your burger made from real beef. Cooked and seasoned right there in front of you. Novel idea eh? All the toppings were fresh and delicious. My little people get  hot dogs and they were crazy yummy too. If they eat their dogs they get shakes and that is where the magic is. Sadly dairy hurts my tummy but I did try a few little sips and the shakes are made from real ice cream and make my three little boys chirp with happiness all the way home!
5	Had another delicious meal with a dash of friendly service, and and a side of a great atmosphere! Corny, i know but whatever. Upped my star rating! :) Really need to get my co-workers over here.
5	I really enjoy their burgers and milk shakes!
5	I love that they offer delivery through Tempe Takeout. The Italian beef and sausage sandwiches are great. When having them delivered the bun gets soggy, but that's expected. The burgers are my favorite. Don't forget to ask for sauce for your fries. One of my favorite places.
5	I really liked this place. The guy grilling the burgers was very nice. I love fry sauce and theirs is very good. We will definitely be returning soon.
5	I stopped by for a burger with my daughter, but then I saw a picture of the Italian Beef  sandwich and ordered that instead.  I also split a hotdog and chili cheese fries with my daughter.  Honestly, I do not get people loving hot dogs.  The toppings were great, but the hot dog was just a hot dog. The Italian beef sandwich was amazing!  The toppings were great with onion, sweet and hot peppers.  It was just sopped in juice.  Yum!  The fries were pretty amazing, but I am definitely going back just for the Italian beef.  Very impressed!
4	Very fresh, great burgers.  My son said the strawberry shake he had was the best ever!  We will be back!
5	SUPER amazing... can't go wrong here thats for sure!  This is now my official burger go to place.
5	This place was amazing!!! The burgers were bomb. Great service as well
5	The owner is there every day and he takes his food seriously. He loves for people to come in and it shows.  The burgers are just so good! Hot Juicy and Tasty. The milkshakes are to die for. My husband generally hates takeout, but even he loves this place. I highly recommend Lobby's Burgers.
5	This review is long overdue and could have been written well over a year ago!You won't find truffle oil, baby arugula or bleu cheese crumbles here.What you will find is a great, honest burger with any of the basics one might desire.I've been here a few times and the burgers as well as the Italian beef are excellent.  The owner is cool and there more times than not.  They use really good beef and it shows in the final product.  The other ingredients are fresh and tasty as well.The place itself is nice, clean and the staff have always been friendly.They cook to order right in front of you, on a flat top, so no surprises!Fries are crinkle cut and good.  I'm usually not a fan of the crinkle cut, but Lobby's are tasty!Will I go again, absolutely!
4	Really good burgers and chili cheese fries.  It was not to expensive.  Great customer service although it took a long time to get my order....almost 20 min.  I haven't been back because of the slow service but I would eat there again for sure.
5	Excellent burgers. Juicy, hot and fresh. Ordered it bun less and got a nice lettuce bun. Crispy crinkle cut fries.
5	Food was delicious, service was excellent!  Owner was super friendly, prices were reasonable.My burger was so tender it was unbelievable. Give it a try!
4	Hey Yall..This BURGER was AWESOME...I typically get bacon and cheese only and you know the basic(I really shouldn't used the word basic the Lettuce was CRISP, Tomatoes were RIPE, Onions were FRESH) garden variety items..i did get the special sauce on the side to us as a dip just in cause it was nasty, but boy oh boy is wasnt..But the MEAT was the star of this solo act...LOBBY has proven my theory that a burger can be WELL DONE and JUICY @ the SAME DARN TIME...I did have to take off star because that fries with the chili were kinda meh..
5	Great burgers... Pretty good fries.  Nice Chicago style hamburger place.  Very comparable to what you would find in the Chicagoland area. Service was good as well.  Best burger I've had in a while!
5	I've worked my way pretty much through the menu and I haven't been disappointed ever.  Discovered this place because of a McClintock High Football discount card.  Go Chargers! Burgers - Fantastic (I like adding grilled onions and extra sauce) a bit pricey but it's still worth it.  Juicy every time.   Dogs - authentic real dog with the right flavors for real Chicago Dog fan.  I think I could go for two.Fries - always fresh and good but I'm not crinkle cut fry person.  Get the fry sauce and I like adding just a little Ketchup.Italian Beef - awesome but eat quickly as it's so juicy it starts to fall apart at times.  I figure if its falling anywhere it should be into my mouth.Combo (beef w/ sausage too!) - HELLO! We will meet again.  Sorry I was talking to my food again.  This I tried after a Chicago native advised me to try it and shabam it's awesome.
2	I really wanted to like this place based on so many wonderful reviews.  Unfortunately, it did not live up to the hype.  The ingredients were fresh to say the least, but the burger had absolutely no flavor.  Good portion size, but maybe the lack of flavor comes from the lean beef used?  I requested bacon on my burger, which was so unnoticeable, I thought they forgot it, but then was told it was under my cheese.  Don't spend the extra $ for the bacon, especially if I couldn't even find it until the cheese was lifted.  I compared the type of burger to that of Johnny rockets, and if given the choice, would prefer a nice juicy and flavorful burger from Johnny rockets.  I did try the chili cheese fries and can say for the little bit of chili on the fries, it was tasty.  Overall disappointed with the food, but really nice staff.
5	Such a great, consistent burger! Just finished my 7th one, and I can't stop. You can grab one and be in and out in 10 minutes. Friendly staff too. Seriously, if you haven't tried it, do it...you'll thank yourself later.
5	If you like old fashioned greasy burgers this place is for you.  Very reasonable prices. Old fashioned milk shakes for $2.99, burgers about $6.00 with extra fixins like grilled onions for .59 cents. Not fancy, just fast food good.
5	This place Rocks!  Did a Google search for best burgers in Tempe.  Lobbys came up with great reviews.  My son and I were on the way to downtown Tempe to catch a movie so we decided to stop for dinner.Wow!  Great food!  I ended up getting an Italian Beef sandwich with hot peppers.  My son got a bacon cheeseburger and then we got one order of chili/cheese fries with crisp bacon on top.  The owner recommended the fry sauce as well.  All I can say is outstanding!  Halfway through the meal my son said, "Dad, we have to come here again!"Hats off to the owner of Lobbys whose name is Lobby.  Well done!
5	Amazing!!! You Must Eat Here!!! Listen, I'm a big guy and I love my burgers. I also really enjoy trying out new places. One of the positives to this hobby is that I have tried way too many burger joints to keep count. I've eaten at all the fast food places, lots of the high end places where the stack of money you spend on the food is bigger than the food itself. And many others that were pretty dang good. Lobbys just topped my entire extensive list today. I have never had a burger meal that tasted so fresh, so juicy (not grease), so flavorful, and so completely mind blowingly satisfying! I will say that I'm not a huge fan of the crinkle cut fries, but their hand made french fry sauce is so awesome, I didn't think about that little issue till after I realized that all the fries were gone. Now, if your not in Tempe and your thinking, that's too far to drive for a burger, keep in mind that I drove my 5.7 V8 (12mpg) over 45 minutes to try this place out and in all food glorifying honesty, I WILL DO IT AGAIN!!! This is that, I'm willing to cross state lines to try this place, kind of good!!! Thank you Mr. Lobby, ( yes, that's the actual owners name) I will be back and I'm bringing others!
5	I'm a Chicago style Hot dog and Italian beefs connoisseur and this place is fresh and very delicious. Biggest Italian beefs I've had. Check it out
4	Great burgers, what Ive tried of the rest is good, but I usually go when I want a great burger. The owner is charming and adorable, he thinks so to ;) It's a little pricey, but it's hard to get consistent good food out here, so I deal with it. The menu is limited which disappoints, but the owner says that a larger menu confuses his staff and takes away from the quality? Well ok that's fine, I just found a place closer to me that serves it all. But I still go to Lobby's for a burger :) Oh and their chocolate shakes are really good
2	Decided to stop by based on all the great reviews. First off a small joint , clean and friendly. I ordered the chili cheese burger with fries. The burger was quite large and plenty of chili however the taste left something to be desired. It tasted like...maybe the meat had been cooked with onions and peppers used on hogie style sandwiches, bad blend of something that left a bad taste. Oh well, onto the next burger joint.
3	Pregnancy craving!  After watching too much Man vs. Food, went twice for the Italian beef w/ hot peppers (I find Taco Bell mild sauce a little hot, so these are hotter but I'm not dying hot).  Always enjoy the 1st few bites, but by the end, it's wet and good but not awesome craving good.  A-OK will be back.  Very friendly staff, and they are always cleaning or bussing.  :)
5	Wow. That was a damn tasty cheeseburger. Get the fry sauce on the side for dunking fries. Super nice people there as well!
3	Burger was good and staff was friendly, fries were okay, chocolate shake didn't taste like it was made from real chocolate ice cream. Going to IN N OUT next time, better food and half the price!
4	I'm a total fan.  The burger was simply one of the best I have ever eaten.  The fries are delicious but I prefer fries without the ridges.  The milkshake was good and fresh but really only served strawberry, vanilla and chocolate.  I would have preferred flavors like chocolate chip mint, caramel crunch, etc.  Still, the man behind the counter was so kind and enthusiastic about the place and the food didn't disappoint--it was excellent.
4	First time visiting Lobby's Burgers. I was invited as part of a Yelp event. After a long day, the girls and I were ready to try a new hamburger spot. My family loves hamburgers. My first impression was of a typically burger spot with a lot of custom signs. My first impression quickly changed as this place was not average. We walked up to the register the gentleman was nice and extremely friendly to me and my girls. My girls ordered. I typically ask when coming to a new place what they recommend. He said everything was good and fresh as they have a select menu. Wasn't what I wanted to hear but I made my selection. Food came and it was good. My girls devoured their burgers and fries. All they could talk about was the shake and how good it was, as they constantly asked me to try it. I had the Bacon Burger, at first it was a little salty for me. After I removed the pickle it was game over. If I'm ever on that side of town I will stop in for a burger and shake. I need to try everything else on the menu. I enjoyed the burger so much that I purchased an extra burger for my dad.
2	I suspect many of these high ratings are coming from the high schoolers next door, in which case I'm sure it's an upgrade over the cafeteria. If you like a sub so soggy that the bun turns back into dough in your hands, then this is your place. The burger and dogs aren't impressive either. Unless you have a teenage gut of steel that can pass a tin can without flinching, there are better burgers to be had (habit or in n out), and better dogs too (Ted's).
4	Thanks to Preston's UYE at Lobbys, I now know the spot for a great burger in Tempe!One of the things I love about Lobby's, its locally owned, and the owner takes pride in his shop!After studying the menu for a minute I went with a cheeseburger & fries and was told to get some of that Lobby Sauce, I also heard that the Italian beef is the bombdiggity, I'll have to try that next time for sure. My burger was perfectly cooked! And it was messy too, but in a good way, everything on the burger tasted fresh too! Great flavor! The fries were delish too! Dip them in the Lobby Sauce and its game over! So good!Glad to have tried Lobby Burger and plan on coming back soon!
5	This place ROCKS!!! It specializes in Chicago fast food such as burgers and sausages; the prices were good and the place was clean. The service was friendly - and the FOOD - it was as if the Lord Almighty put a symphony of flavors in my mouth and I tasted everything at once! I had the Italian sausage with sweet peppers and onions - I will be back! 5 stars - Solid!
2	Love the burgers....however I just want to drink water...so I get a tiny cup..ask if I may have a bigger cup..no that is our policy...seriously.  So I asked for 3 tiny cups...well guess what...those 3 cups cost the same amt if not more that a small cup..Our policy is a terrible response at any business..
5	In a small unassuming shop in Tempe hidden on an odd facing side of a strip mall there is a little piece of burger heaven on earth. You wouldn't be able to tell from the outside what divine things are going on inside but I will tell you inside is cheeseburger bliss.I had never been here before until a few weeks ago. Many of my friends talked very highly of the this place and I had wanted to try it for some time. So I decided the time was right to finally see what all of the hype was about but then the time wasn't right so I changed the time. Now it was right and I invited some friends along to share in the experience.We arrived one by one on a  Saturday night. I was the first to arrive. Others filtered in after me. It is a small place with only a few tables but it is very clean and nice inside. Very modern. The staff were all very friendly and genuinely nice. The menu, which is printed up very large and posted up front next to where you place your order, is not very extensive. Which is good. Better to be very good at a few things then be mediocre at a lot of things and try and please everyone. I went full bore with my very first order. Double bacon cheeseburger, frys and a chocolate milkshake. The price was not that bad either for all of that food. Order placed I took my seat and saved some tables for the others that soon arrived.We ended up with a pretty good crowd. About 14 people all told. All of which thoroughly enjoyed themselves.When my order was called out a few minties later, I rushed up to the counter eagerly anticipating my delicious meal. It looked and smelled great. I went and sat back down. I started munching on the frys first. Hot frys are the best and I was waiting until more people showed up. The frys were very good. I was reminded by Meagan B that I made a rookie mistake and forgot to ask for the famous Lobby's sauce. I quickly remedied that situation. Now finally came the time for my first bit of this heavenly cheeseburger that sat before me. Dripping with cheese and plied high with bacon, lettuce, tomatos, red onion and of course the famous Lobby sauce. From the first bite I was whisked away to a place of divine cheeseburger happiness. So juicy and gooey. The lettuce, tomatos and onion where crisp and fresh. The eitire thing was so good. I almost ate it fast but slowed down a little to really enjoy it. I almost wanted another but my stomach said no. I did get another order of frys and a drink.I will definitely be back. How can a cheeseburger lover like me turn down burger heaven on earth. And truly it is. I would like to thank my friends for telling me about this place especially Meagan B and Laz C. Also I would like to thank everyone who came out that night to share this experience with me. You made it even better with your company.It is always the small unassuming places that serve the best food. This really is one of the best burger places in town. Trust me when I say this because I have sampled many a cheeseburger from across this great state and land. Go forth and indulge in cheeseburger heaven on earth. You will taste that is it good and know that it is good.
5	Their veggie burger is absolutely delicious and the staff is super friendly !
1	Last Visit, No MoreHad take out tonight, my wife went to get our order.  I ordered Italian beef, with mayo because it gets dried out. They said no, we will put it on the side. That didn't materialize either. Guess what college punk, it was dry. I'm 37, and I know what I f'ing want.  They should have fulfilled an extremely simple request, it's my money after all. But noooooooo, they know better. At least they think they do. I know better now though, and won't be back.
4	Ive been twice now and this place is pretty good. Never so busy you waiting forever. So thats a good thing. I have had the chicken and the burgers both now. I definitely like both but their chicken is pretty magnificent. lots of items you can add or subtract from these sandwiches. But it does not come with cheese.. thats a bummer. 50 cents and you can add it thou. They are pretty good on asking if youd like to do it. I also got a milkshake when i went the 1st time and they are quite delicious as well. You can easily spend $10 here, but thats everywhere now days so no sweat. Ill be back.
5	You're stuck in a sweltering Tempe, starving for dinner, craving a great burger and don't want to heat up the kitchen. I understand completely, grasshopper. I've come bearing the greatest gift, the answer to your burger dreams, a little taste of true Chicago right in your backyard. Lobby, he is the real Chicago deal! With great food, entertaining stories and excellent service. Even if you call-in for take-out, he waits until you arrive or just before, so your food is hot and juicy. Burgers cooked spot on as ordered, from fresh Midwestern beef, with a side of fries competing for the headliner because they are that good. He may even ask you if you want them done a little extra, because the snap of that crispy outside, with the chewiness of the inside gets even better. It's a struggle to make it home with even half an order left.Don't even ask me about the Italian beef sandwich...just eat it and go to heaven yourself, floating in juicy goodness.The food is always great (If not, he says he'll re-do it for you on the spot), but the guy even better. Treat yourself and go have a chat with Lobby...oh, and while your there, grab a piece of Chicago.Epilogue: Showed review to girlfriend. Guess what we're having for dinner now...
5	Without a doubt...best burger in AmericaThe service was outstanding. I would highly recommend this place to anyone. Good for families...prices reasonable.
5	Lobby's cooks up the best fried burger in the Phoenix metro area.  Yes, Lobby's fried burgers are that good and I didn't think fried burgers could get better than those artery clogging treats from Smashburger or Fat Burger!  Price wise, Lobby's offers better burgers that are also less expensive than their corporate gourmet burger competition.The Double Bacon Burger with Provolone is my favorite and the juicy, seasoned fried goodness makes me simply feel happy.  Their chili cheese fries are without peer.  They are simply the best CC Fries in the biz.  There Italian Beef and hot dogs lag slightly behind Portillo's, but are definitely still worth getting.Lobby's is extremely clean, with a modern interior and 2 flat panel TVs that provide viewers with their sports fixes.  Their entire staff is extremely friendly and helpful.  I say that if you're planning on eating a good burger and enjoy supporting a local owner who knows how burgers should taste, head to Lobby's.**Tip 1**  They don't serve beer, wine or booze.  That might be reason enough to take your order to go and enjoy that burger with a brew at home.  Or you can flask it and add a little something to your fountain drink!**Tip 2**  Take a look at the wall of fame where patrons have eaten 9 pattie burgers in 9 seconds....I'm exaggerating, but not by that much! **Tip 3**  If you can't possibly eat a double burger and a full sized Italian Beef in one sitting, order it all and take the beef home.  It's damn good reheated.
5	This might be the best burger I ever had. Clean, fast, affordable, and fresh. This place is awesome!
5	I'm mad at myself after seeing their Facebook ad months ago that I wasted time & money on other so-called "Chicago-style" establishments. You want real Chicago-style food, great service AND great prices? Well, look no further! THIS is where you need to go. I tried the bacon burger with the works Saturday, & it was the best burger I have had in months. Today I got their Italian beef ... This beats Portillo's by a landslide ... The fries are the best, and try a milkshake, too, you won't be disappointed since it's made with fresh strawberries ... OMG pure Chicago heaven. Bringing a friend from back home (Chicago) there for lunch tomorrow and I think I will either get a chili dog or a Chicago dog ... & another strawberry shake. And I met the owner today (yes, he's from Chi-town) ... What a great guy! Hats off to you, Lobby!! :)
5	Fresh burgers! This place is awesome. The service is always friendly. The owner seems to greet everyone as they enter. I recommend this place to everyone looking for great burgers.
5	One of the best burgers I have ever had! Killer crinkle cut french fries drowning in gooey melted cheese is a must have!!! Value for your money is awesome seeing as though the burgers are as big as your head and fries overflow the basket. Love this place!!!
5	Great double bacon burger! I love ordering a combo and feeling STUFFED after finishing my food! Great treat! Service is AWESOME! Cheese fries had bacon bits and tasted great! And to think I was going to visit Red Robin tonight. ...No way! Lobby Burgers I'LL BE BACK!
5	GRASS FED BEEF!!! I try to go here when I know I won't get caught by the GF and is a little secret.You ask for medium Rare.. that's what you get!$11 for a meal.. a good meal!I spoke with the owner and sympathize with him... people just don't know what good food is....
1	Being a native Chicagoan my interest was piqued. The staff was very friendly and the place was clean.Ordered a Chicago style hot dog the hot dog was grilled,Chicago style is steamed as is the bun but the bun was wet and therefore was a soggy pastry mess, the fries were mediocre at best , the dipping sauce was very good.Needs some changes in the food preparation and pray that Portillos does not open in the area.
4	First visit after being in Tempe, Hungry, but needing somewhere that could offer a Natural Burger w/limited processed ingredients.  Being that I have to Eat Gluten Free, I called, and they were very helpful.  Most places when they answer the phone give you an attitude when asking about food allergies.  They will lettuce wrap it.  The other MUST is Grass Fed Beef.  Now, I would give these guys a 5 Star based on Friendliness, cleanliness, and overall taste.  The only reason for the 4 star at this point, which I would revise if I found out differently is the Beef for the burgers.  It States Grass Fed, but also the print says Corn Fed.  An all Grass Fed, Grass Finished Beef is Ideal!  Overall, I will be back again. I had no reactions, which meant their ingredients were clean, and prep was well.
5	I loveeee their burgers, we always come here when we want a hearty meal.  I have yet to try the italian beef but we took a friend here once and she said she really liked it.  They have crickle cut fries and the workers are always super friendly. Protip: ask for the special fries sauce, its super yummy!
5	I love this place. The staff is very friendly and greet me by my first name each time I go back. The food is awesome too! I recommend this place to anyone and everyone in the Tempe area.
1	Never coming here again. Manager/owner took my order and apparently put in the wrong item. My order is called and it's the wrong item.  No big deal. Just make the correct burger. It didn't end there though. I was expected to pay the $1 and some change difference between a bacon burger and a double burger. Are you serious!? This wasn't my mistake it was yours. The manager/owner said this is a business I have to charge you. Not cool and I will be sure to tell all my friends and family to never come here again. Absolutely terrible business practices to make a customer pay more for your mistake. Especially for a $1 and some change. And one more thing I noticed as I was writing this. It got worse. Not only was I expected to pay more but I ordered a double burger and then was charged the difference for a double bacon burger. I was overcharged! Yet another item I didn't order. Holy cow this place is terrible!
4	This is one of Tempe's great hidden gems.  Been coming for a few years now.  Great burgers and fries.  Chicago dogs and italian beef are also a hit.  Staff is very friendly and the place is always clean.  Love the special fry sauce.
2	Tried this while in town for for business based off of Yelp reviews. Had it delivered via the delivery service advertised on the business owners website huge mistake. I had a double burger which was decent the meat was really good but my friends had chili cheese dogs which for $5 I'm sorry should have been a lot bigger and a bowl of chili which seemed more like a side instead of a meal. the total for the three of us for dinner was a little more than 50 including delivery fees and it simply wasn't worth it. I think if we had actually gone into the restaurant we would have been happier it would have been cheaper and we would have had a better idea of what we were getting. That aside the chili was really good the beef was really good I truly believe it was just the delivery service that made it a bad experience if I ever try them again I will definitely go to the restaurant.
4	Stopped in for lunch today because several of my favorite Italian beef experts were raving about it. I did not check the reviews ahead of time (shameful) so I was unaware of this mystical fry sauce of which people are speaking. (Fail) I've acknowledged my defeat, let's move on. Today we tried the Italian beef, sausage sandwich, cheeseburger and chili. Let me say, it is the Italian beef you are going for my friends. You may not know it yet, but you will. All the menu items we tried were great (except the chili, skip it) but the Italian beef is the very most most delicious. You do need fast hands or a bib because this thing will be everywhere but it's worth every messy bite. I got the hot peppers and they added the perfect kick to my sandwich. I needed a bird bath when I was done, but I had a happy tummy!
4	Messy, fresh, juicy, greasy, and delish. The owner seems passionate about his store and he lets you know the moment you walk in that door. They were frying up several pounds of bacon when we arrived so it smelled amazing.The burger was satisfying but I wasn't really feeling the special sauce a lot of people seem to love that you can get as a side for your fries, and it comes on the burger. Other than that, the chili fries were so good.Think crispy fries smothered with actually tasty chili and cheese. I wish I could have tried the Italian beef everyone seems to go on about, but I only have one stomach people.
4	Great taste I got the bacon burger it was amazing the place was clean and staff was friendly as for the price can't complain we will absolutely be coming back
1	If I could I would give it a -100  The owner actually got in an argument with me about a to go container! Then while leaving the store came out of the store to argue some more. Do you want that is that how your customers are expecting to be treated? I'm 40 years old bite your tongue and hand me a box! Is that so hard to do?
5	This place is awesome. The burgers are pretty good the Italian beef is phenomenal. Staff has always been super friendly and attentive. Of course, I gotta give the obligatory nod to the fry sauce - pretty tasty! Always love the one star reviews where it's obvious the person has some stick up their butt. Sounds like a them problem. This place is great and I will be back for sure. Better beef than the "place up the road" in my opinion (and I grew up on that place).
1	I am so disappointed. We really like the burgers here, and in the past ate here at least once a month. Unfortunately, after the service that we rec'd tonight, we will not be back. This time we decided to order take-out, and when we got home we realized that the order was messed up. We ordered fries and 3 burgers one of which was supposed to be just a beef patty wrapped in lettuce w/ extra lettuce (my son can not have wheat or dairy). Unfortunately, they put it on a bun and added cheese to it. Taking the bun off is not a big deal but it would have been impossible to get the cheese off. It is inconvenient to drive back there again, but my son had his heart set on a burger. I called Lobby's and spoke to the owner who happened to be the person who took my order when I called earlier. All I wanted to do was exchange burgers. The owner was extremely argumentative on the phone, spoke to me in a rude manner, and told me that I didn't make sense, but he did agree to make a new one. When my husband arrived to swap the burgers, the employees told him that he needed to bring our entire order back in order to swap out the one messed up burger. Then the owner came out and started arguing with my husband and told him that he should have just scraped the cheese off. They did finally start making a new burger which he had to sit there and wait for while my son hungrily waited at home, even though I called in advance. Then as my husband tried to leave the owner followed him to the door and told him that people try to pull some kind of messed-up-order-scheme on them all the time and they end up having to throw away so much food because of it. Seriously, we gained nothing from this experience but a lot of wasted time and a hungry, cranky child. We did not ask for complimentary food or our money back. All we wanted was food that our son would be able to eat without getting sick. I am completely shocked by the owner's aggressive behavior and will not be back again.Truth be told, one of our other burgers was messed up too. It was supposed to be wrapped in lettuce, but they put it on a bun. Not a big deal, we just took the bun off of it. Perhaps, I wasn't clear enough when I ordered, although this is how I always order it there and have never had an issue before. The mistakes were inconvenient, but it wouldn't have deterred us from coming back in the least had it not been for the rude, aggressive owner.
5	Well came here from out of town and been here five of the last six days.    Best burger I have ever had.   Prefer the double provolone with onions and fry sauce.   Good with just meat and bun too.   The beef is the key.    Unbelievable truly my fav ever in my 47 years on this earth.
4	The hamburger were on the money. Greasy but not overly greasy. Great taste and made fresh in front of you. The sauce is very tasty. Will definitely be back.
5	In n out burger has ruined it for every other burger shop.  So without comparing lobby to the other guys,  this is a great burger. Slightly messy but really good. I had 2 and a side of fries. Price is decent at about $6 for a burger. Can't complain about that. Their sauce is really good too. French fries are seasoned just right.
2	The food was sub par and way too hot to eat at first. The cook was a little intimidating and the cashier was not dressed very appropriately. I felt uncomfortable going in with my girlfriend..
1	What is going on with the service in this place??!  You can have good food but if your service is lacking no one will eat there!!!!  I drove to Lobby's about three to four weeks ago now, on a Sunday, I looked up their hours which are listed on their website AND on their door as Sunday 11 a.m. to 8 p.m. My family and I arrived at 6 pm.  All the lights were off but there was a girl at the register.  We walked in and she said WE ARE CLOSED.  We tried to see if there was a reason the door and website said that they should be open but she wasn't having any part of our conversation.  We chalked it up to a bad night and returned again a week later on a Friday evening, which their hours are listed as Monday to Friday 10 a.m. to 10 p.m.  We arrived at 7:15 to the same scene of lights off but a person at the register.  It was the same girl as last time so we didn't even bother walking in this time because she was so rude last time. I emailed them through their website asking what was going on and I have yet to receive a reply.  Who runs a business like this???  It is really unfortunate because each time we went to Lobby's we would take a friend or two so they can see how delish their food is only to be greeted by rude employees and closed doors!  I don't know if I will be back or recommend this place anymore.  Like I said you can have good food but if your service isn't up to par no one will go there!I had slow service the last time I was actually able to eat there.  There are way too many good burger joints out there to choose from to put up with this. I am sorry but they have dropped the ball.  I will not be back.
4	This is the BEST burger place in Arizona! Quality meat and bacon! You can't beat that. This is my new burger spot :)
5	Its so sad that its so far away (40 miles one way) I've done this drive so many times and I've never been let down. The chilli cheese fries, the burgers, and shake are worth the drive.
