5	Probably one of the most romantic restaurants in the entire Valley is tucked away in Tempe right down the street from ASU.  I have had countless lunches and dinners here.  The restaurant is a little cottage tucked behind some trees with a gorgeous patio complete with outdoor fireplace, bar, and twinkling lights in the trees.  You can sit inside the cottage or outside under the canopy of trees. Eclectic and sophisticated menu...  might be considered Cal-French?  Great food/wine pairings.  Lovely service.  Perfect for a romantic meal or a nightcap at the outdoor bar.  Great for dinner parties as well.  Small enough to book the entire place for a wedding reception.
1	Romantic, outdoor eatery, complete with the christmas lights and all the ambiance associated with high dollar ticket entrees found on Sunset Blvd.. This one gets 1 star bcause of the food having some decent flavor. The other four stars were dropped because of the gigantic cockroach that was hiding beneath my plate. What!!??? I know you are wondering what happened, well here is the story. Eating dinner nice and peacefully, nearly finishing up and the waiter comes over to snag my plate to wrap up my leftovers. As he picks up the plate the GIGANTIC cockroach makes an appearance running across the table cloth towards my lap. I jump from the table and my seat, the waiter swept the cockroach onto the ground. ......okay now wait for the ultimate response from the waiter!!!  "That's what happens when you eat outside" Nothing was offered in compensation for the "gigantic cockroaching." Beware of the unprofessional service and the unlikely bedfellows!
5	Hands down the best ambiance in Tempe. Amazing food... although at times it isn't as memorable as others. Friendly, knowledgeable staff. Great menu and winelist. When you're at Tricks you forget you're in the desert. The serene atmosphere, beautiful shade trees and twinkling lights set the backdrop for a truly romantic and special evening. If you want to impress, Tricks wont let you down.
3	A pricey, date-oriented eatery with fantastic ambiance.  I only ate outside, and found the vibe to be great but the food a little short of what I would expect for what they're charging.  However, I can see it being an ideal place to bring a date and go through a bottle of wine or two.
4	Fabulous ambiance- great food and great service.  My favorite place I have eaten at while visiting the Phoenix area.  I highly recommend!
5	I hate to be unoriginal, but what I've read before was true yesterday. Ambiance is wonderful, the place couldn't be better for a date (I was, however, there with my dissertation chair - not so romantic - lol). The lunch special was wonderful, a variation on a steak sandwich second to none I've had. The servers were all pleasant and mellow, which is a nice change of pace from the hustle and bustle of usual lunch rushes. Highly recommend!
2	My girlfriend was in from out of town and we wanted a good, romantic dinner.  I just moved to Scottsdale for business and being from Chicago, I wanted a good spot.  House of Tricks was marginal at best.  First of all, everyone claims good ambiance.  Not what its hyped up to be.  We were sat in this very small dining room immediatly when you walk in.  The worst part was that there was no music or background noise at all.  We felt like we were in a library.  With only 2 other tables, it was very awkward all night.  I'm not saying we were looking for some chic modern place, but no noise, literally, was very weird.  We were turned off from the get go, but stuck it out.  The food was pretty good (scallop app was delicious), but the overall atmosphere ruined the meal.  The service, again was just ok.  Our waiter was a bit too attentive. Overall, I'd look elsewhere before going.  Not at all what it is hyped up to be, especially for a $200 meal.
4	I feel like I'm being extremely generous with this one.  Luckily for HOT, I had great company which made my overall rating higher than they might deserve.  3.7 stars total - based on the following...AMBIANCE - 5 starsIn a historic house with both indoor and outdoor seating, this is an amazing atmosphere; better than most of the strip malls that the valley is known for!SERVICE - 4 starsThe hostess went above and beyond by moving us from an inside table to an outside table by the fire when we had a change of heart and wanted some fresh air.  They also went above and beyond to help me find a parking spot as I didn't want my car to get towed from the lot next door like Patti B. yelped about previously.  Larissa was our server and she was extremely knowledgeable and friendly.  There was only one thing that was a bit disappointing when it came to service:  that she came by to take our order and I told her I needed a minute and she said she'd be right back but disappeared for around 10 or 15 minutes.FOOD - 2.5 starsLet me explain:  I chose wrong.  Do not order the Seafood Pistou.  Larissa told me that it was a 'messy' dish, but not minding that, I ordered it anyways.  It was not messy, it was just kind of gross.  The seafood didn't taste so fresh and I think the combo of that and the creamy heavy sauce were what gave me a horrible stomach ache that evening.  However, Kristin C. chose right - she had the Ahi Tuna... it was a beautiful presentation and according to Kristin, it was fantastic!  Note to self:  order Ahi if I ever return!  Oh, and I tasted the Asian Pear Salad too - it was tasty.  So, the 2.5 star rating is an average... COMPANY - 5 stars!I'm going to allow the fact that I had a really fun dining companion bring up the average a bit here...BANG FOR YOUR BUCK- 2 starsWe had only water and perrier to drink and our bill was still kind of high for what I thought was just an ok meal... essentially 1 salad, 2 entrees, and 1 Perrier was over $80 out the door!I admit that this review is based on just one experience... however, because of the fact that I have no clue when I'll go back, I wanted to review it anyways!  If you go to HOT, go for the ambiance and order the tuna! :)
4	What the....? I've never yelped house of tricks? For shame! Some of the best meals I've ever had in tempe were at this mill ave. legend.Don't be thrown by the "mill ave." portion of my previous statement - it's far enough back from the p.f. chang's, cue clubs and fat tuesdays to keep the college crowd from interrupting your $34 filet with shouts of "jaegerbombers!" plus, the price point isn't exactly student-friendly (which is why I rarely get to eat here).That usually means I come here for special occasion meals like birthdays and promotions, which typically entails a bottle of wine, two entrees, an app and a dessert ($100 for two people, easy). But I have, on occasion, come for happy hour drinks at the outdoor, four-sided bar. The restaurant is made up of two early 20th century homes connected by a largewooden deck and spacious patio. Most of the seating is outside, so in the hot or cold months take that into consideration. They have two fireplaces and plenty of heat lamps, but in January I still ate with my coat on. Not sure what sort of relief they have in the summer - though it is shaded by a canopy of trees and has plenty of flowers and greenery to keep you cool...ish.I've never been disappointed in the food. My sister swears their ahi tuna is the best she's ever tasted (she orders it in any restaurant that offers it). and she must not be the only one because they always have it on the menu, which they otherwise change seasonally. I'm a steak girl myself, but the cold weather of my last visit prompted a short rib bourguignonne order, which was fantastic. Two people in our party did opt for the filet mignon served with coconut milk mashed potatoes (wha...??? Yummers!) and lovey-love-loved it.The service can be spotty... the bar, host and wait staff was a little green for a Saturday night. bartenders were not rude, but... a tad sophomoric for a place that has $80 bottles of wine on the menu. Our hostess was nice enough to move our table closer to the firepit, but never brought the heat lamp she promised. The server seemed to be on his third night of serving ever - forgot an appetizer and was easily confused and in a hurry - probably waiting to get cut so he could head to a kegger. No one on the staff we interacted with was over the age of 20....seems odd for a fancier place like HoT. But, for being the only place of this caliber I can think of in all of tempe, I'll take it.
5	MENU:Started with Cheese plate with fresh fruit and french breadNY Strip and Salmon (2 of us)Dined outside on the patio for my love's birthday.  Great atmosphere, great food, great service.  Great night.
4	Great ambiance, good food, good times.As stated, the location and ambiance was outstanding.  Second only to Elements at Sanctuary, but that's hard to top for any city.  Anyway, the outdoor dining is beautiful and well decorated providing nice, romantic ambiance.  It helped that the weather was perfect also.  Lot's of trees make you forget Mill Ave. is just 1 block away.The wine selection was impressive, even to a n00b wine drinker (luckily our friends are pros).  My friend selected a a bottle with the very helpful and knowledgeable assistance of our waitress.I can be a real pain in the butt at restaurants because I don't eat wheat or dairy but they were more than accommodating and allowed me to select a meat and then created a dish around my requirements.  Always a nice touch.Now to the food.  I had the rack of lamb and thought my plate was excellent.  I am by no means a Lamb connoisseur and this was probably the 3rd time I have ever eaten it (don't know why, just always ate cow and fish) and the first time at a nice place but none the less, taste buds don't lie!  It was definitely very good, but I can't say it was fantastic, I just don't have the history to compare it to.  My better half, however, was not impressed.  She had the Ahi Tuna and said it was "just ok".  This is why I gave it 4 stars not 5.  Now I never order Ahi Tuna at a nice place because I feel it always tastes the same... in other words it's usually prepared the same the the fish is so pronounced the taste from spot A is never much different than spot B and I always left feeling disappointed and wishing I had ordered something else, especially if I paid a lot of $$ for it...... so I stopped ordering that dish at nice places.Anyway, I recommend this place, but it is expensive.  For four dinners, a bottle of wine, appetizers, and 2 glasses of wine it was about $350 for 4 people.
5	hThis is an extremely biased review. After all, I've been coming to Tricks for  more than a decade and I've gotten to the point in my life that I gauge the people I may want to spend time with on a little litmus test of my own invention.  I will not divulge what the other items on my test are, just in case you're reading this and want to be my friend.  Or enemy.  Frankly, I don't give a shit.  But if you don't like Tricks, you're out.  The wine tastings, especially the annual Wine Fiesta, are legendary in Phoenix, the bar has more ambience than Tempeans know what to do with and the menu, especially now with the newly cooked up HOT 46 happy hour items, are a gourmand's wet dream.  You can't go wrong with food at Tricks.  Up until recently, if one was hungry on a Friday night, say around 1030, your choices were limited to Casey Moore's (another fabulous drinkery and eatery but of a different ilk than Tricks), a couple of gas inducing Mexican treats at Taco Bell or any of the other something-Berto's dotted around the valley or delivery from pizza pie people.  A few weeks ago, after lamenting this lack of eats at this time on the weekends, I nursed on my third or fifth Guinness while sitting under the trees (growing up through the bar, right overhead) of this sublime bar.  The bartender, Gavin, a bloke who during the day can also suit you up in the finest garments for any occasion from a bris to a board meeting, slid the HOT 46 menu in front of me.  Served Monday thru Saturday from 4 to 6 PM and on Friday and Saturday from 10 to midnite, this delectable and slight menu will sate the hunger roiling inside your belly.  I tried all six items and found nary a clunker in the bunch. Homemade Artisan Grilled Cheese with Roasted Garlic Tomato Basil Soup - much better than your drunken special made at 240 AM, post-bar with neon-yellow American cheese and penicillin-hosting white bread.  It's fine, people, hits the spot perfectly with a stout.Flatbread Pizza with Homemade Mozzarella, Fresh Tomato Pomodoro and Basil - finally, a fucking pizza that doesn't come out of my ass the next morning in essentially the same form it went in my mouth, all burny and greasy.  A thin crust with dollops of mozzarella that will make you positively renounce your allegiance to lactose intolerance.  Tolerate it, baby, and eat this pizza.Herb Crusted Mac & Cheese with Southern Fried Drumettes and Smoked Chili Honey - after eating this three cheese delight (gruyere, cheddar and oaxaca) and sucking the marrow from these tiny, cute little drumettes with breading I wanted to kiss, I went home, took my boxes of mac and cheese from the grocery store and summarily shot them.  Bad food needs to be executed.  Good food, like this fine Tricks take on an old standard, needs to be given a medal.Antipasto of Cerignola Olives, Cured Meats and Artisan Cheeses - this needs no explanation because it is a standard dish, and by that I do not mean to say it isn't exceptional, but you should recognize that a lovely plate like this is simple and comforting during the draining of a nice Malbec.  I will say that the cheeses were fun, the olives divine and the salami, sliced thin, was amazingly mild, not too fatty or salty, and covered in a reduction of the sweetest sauce.  I wanted to put it on my nipples and lift my breasts to my mouth and lick it off.  Oh, wait, I don't have breasts, or prominent nipples, but I know from my time spent licking liquids from the prominent nipples of not-so-prominent women that this sauce would make even a nipple with an unnoticed, protruding stiff hair totally palatable.  Great dish.Thai Barbecue Grilled Quail Skewers with Fire Roasted Mango and Szechuan Peppercorn - how can you go wrong eating a pheasantly bird from a stick.  This bird, known to move in short bursts, launched itself on to these long skewers just in time for my sixth Guinness and I thought I was playing matchmaker:  quail, meet beer, meet stomach.  Have fun.  Nothing about mango and quail is conceivably related but hoo-boy did this one hit the spot.  The bird melted down my esophagus.  Fuck you, chicken, I've found my poultry.  Now get back to the frozen food aisle and die again in a microwave.Trio of Green Chile Veal Breast Tacos with Pumpkin Seed Crema, Pico de Gallo and Queso Oaxaca - fine, I ate a little innocent veal.  And it felt so good.  If you just showed a picture of this dish to the veal in his pen, he would gladly continue on his thankless path to the grocery store.  Run a loop of my face in the vealhouse eating this sublime set of tacos and the little softie would smile at how happy he is going to make his human cousins.  Pumpkin is, in my experience, becoming better every year I stomp around this terra firma.  From pumpkin beers to roasted seeds to the standard pie to this Crema - pumpkin is dick.  So, that's it.  The nicest outside bar I've been to anywhere and my five thousand characters are about to end.  EAT AT
4	For my inlaws last evening here in the Valley, we went to House of Tricks in Tempe because they wanted to try it based on a recommendation of one of their friends back in Ohio.  The patio area is really pretty and we were lucky to get a table toward the back of the patio because it was a tad more secluded and we had better views of the beautiful flowers in the garden. The only bad thing about the location was there was not a light overhead like other tables on the patio so you had to hold your menu up to the candlelight to read it.The wine list is quite extensive, but we decided to go simple and had the Columbia Valley Riesling which was crisp and smooth. For appetizers we had the cheese plate and the mushroom flan.  My inlaws loved the flan and said it had good flavor. The cheese plate was delicious...their was blue cheese, brie, and two other cheeses.  All were very nice and there was a nice amount of apples, grapes, and strawberries as well.  For dinner, I had a caesar salad and the scallop appetizer. The salad was a perfect size and the dressing was really nice and had a good garlic kick without being overpowering.  The scallops were fine...not to die for or worth ordering again, but not bad. There was a little broth on the plate that was very tasty. I could have done without the lima beans that accompanied it.My husband had the sea bass (it comes de-boned for you) which he enjoyed; my father in law had the salmon based on their friend's recommendation which he liked a lot; and my mother in law had the duck which she liked, but she did not enjoy the blackberry vinagrette that came with it.  We tried two desserts, the apple crisp and the triple mousse tower, and both were excellent.  For two appetizers, four meals, two desserts, and 2 bottles of wine, our bill came to $195 before tip.Our waitress was very nice but service was very slow and not up to par with what you would expect at a place with the level of prices that House of Tricks has.  My other negative about HOT is that it is loud when you sit outside. Between the mosque music, the traffic on the streets around HOT, and some other random noises from the immediate area, it is very distracting and takes away from the atmosphere and sereneness of the restaurant.
4	$34 for five bites of lamb and some grilled taters, and I'm still giving House of Tricks four stars?  Now before you start thinking that the House of Tricks is some sort of adult entertainment and/or casino establishment and the "services" I received compensated for the hunger pains in my stomach, I must assure you that if the "Tricks" being sold involved immoral behavior my score would be even lower.  (Think negative stars.)  Then again, I don't always knock on a restaurant that endorses gluttony... (unless it's a Cheesecake Factory)The reasoning behind my 4-star rating for my barely-over-4-bite entree is not because House of Tricks doesn't provide ample portions for its mostly young, attractive patrons, but because I am a fool.  In the spirit of being "adventurous" on my spontaneous trip to visit my brother in Phoenix this weekend, I decided that I was going to order a rack of lamb for the first time ever.  Nevermind that the fillet with asiago mashed taters, and hangar steak served with a scallion pancake were calling out to me like the bratty little kids I used to babysit back  in the days when I still had patience.  I wasn't going to be tempted by the assured deliciousness of my cow cut standbys -- especially when our cutie patootie waiter insisted that the rack of lamb and the duck (I'm still on the fence about quacker ingestion) were the standout entrees on the menu.  I shouldn't have trusted his sweet face.  (Later in the evening he spilled what my brothers determined was "two gulps" of wine on our table cloth.  Though he did compensate by not charging us for the two desserts we ordered, wasted wine is akin to sin in the Family of H.)  As soon as our sweet, fumbling waiter placed the plate with four paltry chops o' lamb in front of me, I knew that my fork was going to be performing disappearing acts on sister-in-law's hangar steak by the end of the night.  Each small chop was covered in fat, and while my brother and brother's co-worker insisted that "the fat makes it good!" I am not a fat on my meat sort of gal.  I like my cuts lean and trim like my thighs, thank you!  While I did enjoy the five bites I was able to extract from the globules of the lamb's winter padding, and thought the potatoes were excellently prepared, my stomach was left bah bah bahhing in hunger protests.  Fortunately my sister-in-law is the generous, light-eater sort, and graciously offered me two sizable chunks of her delectable hangar steak.  (I might have threatened her with some tricks of the steak-knife-in-the-thigh variety.)I kid of course.  Even after inhaling a quarter of my sil's plate, I was still hearing a wee bit of a "bah" from my stomach so it was inevitable that dessert would be rearing its nasty little caloric, fat-laden head.  While I hate to be a poster-child for what is wrong with Americans, I ordered the banana white chocolate bread pudding served with pecan ice cream, and proceeded to eat the entire thing myself.  Except for the one bite my brother took of the ice cream for which I charged him one bite of the flourless chocolate cake which, for all you celiacs out there, actually DOES have flour.  House of Tricks -- what kind of tricks are you playing here??  Spilling the wine?  Performing illusions that make me think I will like fat-wrapped meat?  Sneaking flour into the flourless cake?  And still making me sort of love you?I bet the flowers and trees on the atmospheric patio were really poisonous plants too...  or at the very least, pumping out some sort of happiness toxin that made for a rare moment where I didn't particularly care about the size of the contents in my stomach.I kid of course. Like Diana H. would ever NOT care about the contents of her stomach! ;)
5	Oh my...how I can't wait to go here again.  (Hint Hint Sarah G)Anyway...I just thought that the atmosphere was just awesome.  I loved the set up and the whole feel of the place.I have to say it was so hard to chose what I wanted to eat...knowing that it was lunch, I decided not to go with the pasta (zzzzzzzz) and had the Quiche of the Day (Spinach and Mushroom) that came with a regular salad and a fruit salad.  (I felt so healthy...minus the ranch I habitually drown my salad in...)  I even tried Sarah G's salmon...(first time trying it...and I just had salmon tonight...thank goodness House of Tricks was my first try of salmon...)I really really want to come here again and try another dish and the dessert!A little negative on the parking...but what do I expect from Downtown Tempe.When Sarah G gives her reviews...she will have pics!!!
5	There needs to be a grip-load more places like this one around the valley, where they make you feel like whatever dogfood they deliver to you on your plate, you're gonna gladly pay the fee with a toothy smile on your face and say 'thank-you good sir', and 'yes, i will kindly see a dessert menu'!Why this kind of restaurant/vibe hasn't been exploited ad infinitum here in the valley is pretty taxing on the brain.  It would be silly for me to review and report my dinners here ... I INSIST you browse the menu and try to explain 'why' you wouldn't visit here for a semi-formal event.  http://www.houseoftricks.com/New%20Dinner%20Menu%203-12-08.pdf
5	SO many reviews already I'll try to keep it short and Sweet!Food~ I've only been for lunch, is Always Delicious, price, quality and quantity wise.Some of my favorites include Quiche of the day served with salad and fresh fruit, The Grilled Salmon and the Chicken Shawarma Salad (see pics) The desserts Ive had are also mouthwatering, although they cost almost as much as any of the entrees I've named above. Angel food cake with berries and creme anglaise or the White Chocolate Banana Bread Pudding were both out of this world (see pics)Service~ seems like a chore to the college pukes who work here, be lucky if you get served at all. Most recently I watched our waiter through the window completely ignore us the entire time while he drank wine and chatted with some slob at the bar. I have however been waited on properly, maybe suggesting a female server might help. Bad service has always come from the male staff.Ambiance~ Love it, inside a cute old house or outside on the Lush and maturely landscaped garden patio.*Notes*~Make reservations for lunch or dinner just to be safe~Bring at least $2 in coin for the parking meters~Dinner prices are near triple the lunch prices for the entrees~Ask for a bread and butter basket, chances are you'll be here awhile**parking meters have an 80min. time limit, mention this if you are having SLOW serviceI  have to give 5 stars for the food
5	Just landed in Phoenix, picked up my rental car, and headed to this place to meet up with a friend for lunch. I loved this place! A seat outside at the covered bar, the warm sun baking, a glass of cold ice tea, and a steak wrap. Exactly what I needed to unwind after a long flight.I would love to come back to this place again, day or night, for a couple drinks and more excellent food.
3	Nice place to sit outside and enjoy a good meal.  the spinach salad was great, the duck breast was amazing.  The Gnocchi was very dry and a little burned on the side.  Dinner in the patio was excellent!!!
4	Lovely, lovely, lovely. Set in a pretty little old house just two blocks off Mill Avenue, House of Tricks has that sunny garden vibe that's all too rare here in Tempe.When I want to ditch the office for a leisurely lunch (all too rare these days), House of Tricks is my hands-down favorite spot. A glass of wine, a shady spot in the garden, a gourmet sandwich or salad and some gossip with a friend. Perfect. Lunch at Tricks gets five stars, easy. But Tricks has two downsides:- Closed on Sundays, when I most want to pair my pedicure afternoon with a fancy lunch and pretend I'm a lady.- Dinner is only good, not great -- and it's very pricey (entrees alone range from around $20 to $35).Go for the atmosphere. Go for the sun-filled patio. But if you ask me, just go for lunch.
5	Very, very few things in life ever reach perfection. House of Tricks, you are my lunch mecca!Honestly, if I could eat here Monday through Friday for lunch, I would. And what would I order? Their daily quiche. Absolutely. No hesitations. No second thoughts. Their quiche of the day is perfection!I've eaten here twice in a single week. Yes, House of Tricks is simply that awesome. After my 1st visit, I was craving it the very next day. So I made plans to go back that very week. I wanted to try their quiche again. House of Tricks is my absolute favorite lunch spot in Tempe!For $10, you get their quiche of the day, fresh fruit and a soup or salad. First quiche was chicken and goat cheese. Wow... That's all I could think to myself. "Wow, Alicia, this is... wow..." Second trip I had sausage, mushrooms and Gruyere quiche, which I ordered with their daily soup, a lobster squash concoction. While the soup was really, really good, I was still enamored with their quiche. And fresh fruit? C'mon. This is the stuff Lunch Nirvana is made of!House of Tricks, thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you! House of Tricks, I love you! I love your quiche! You deserve every single exclamation point in the exclamation point satchel. Seriously!I would eat inside, outside, at the bar, wherever I could. Yes, I'd eat here every single day. That adds up to a $50 weekly habit... but I bet there's not one quiche I wouldn't like!
3	It is with great regret that I give House of Tricks three stars.I've been here twice.  The first time, friends invited me and the wifey here for dinner.  Seeing the patio, I thought, "oh, this is really cute."  Once seated inside, I thought, "oh, this is really cute."  Seeing the prices on the dinner menu, I thought, "oh, this better be really good."  Long story short, it was okay.  My friend, who had only been here for lunch, apologized for the unexpectedly high prices.  I didn't care too much, I guess.  It was edible.  I'd probably come back for lunch.Which I did, with co-workers in tow.  The prices at noon were certainly more agreeable and we all looked forward to a pleasant meal.  Suddenly, this gem of an exchange occurred between our waiter and my boss, Debbi:Debbi:  How large is the quiche?  I weigh 230 pounds, so I'm a big girl.We giggled.  Debbi loves to joke.Waiter:  Well, it's not as big as you.Bad form, dude.  Bad form.  You're lucky we paid lunch menu prices.
4	So sad that I have to write an update on my ROTD :(  I still love you House of Tricks...but the service is just getting worse and worse.  I can't go there anymore during my work lunch...the servers take too long with drinks, food, the bill...and you know that I only have 80 minutes on the meter!  And it seems like the quiche is the best meal...the crepes I had the other day were just ok....it was a chicken, spinach and mushroom crepes...but with all of the mushrooms...I couldn't find any spinach or chicken!
4	great food, great atmosphere. been here a few times and usually for special occasions or a nice date night. can't go wrong with lunch on the patio...dinners can get pricey but worth it.
5	Trick's is one of my favorite restaurants in Tempe, and in general.  The food is delicious, the ambiance is classy but relaxed, the menu changes but is consistently intriguing... always a pleasant experience.  Great for a date or for Mother's day-- versatile.
5	This is one of my favorite places to have someone else pay for my dinner. It's prety pricey for dinner but well worth it (especially if the company is paying). The food is wonderful and the menu changes frequently. The Ahi and the Asian Pear Salad are amazing, their quiches are delicious and every meat selection I have tried there has been well aged an cooked to perfection. They have a new happy hour menu consiting of Homemade Artisan Grilled Cheese with Roasted Garlic Tomato Basil Soup, Flatbread Pizza with Homemade Mozzarella, Fresh Tomato Pomodoro and Basil, Herb Crusted Mac & Cheese with Southern Fried Drumettes and Smoked Chili Honey, Antipasto of Cerignola Olives, Cured Meats and Artisan Cheeses and Thai Barbecue Grilled Quail Skewers. I've tried every on and they are all delicious! I tried going there for lunch yesterday and almost cried when I saw they are closed until August.. I'll have to wait a few more weeks........
5	Scrumptious!How to dine at HOT:+The food is delicious and fantastic so order everything on the menu once and then repeat+The service is lackluster and leaves much to be desired.  Make sure you have some leisurely time or let the staff know from the beginning you are on a time crunch+Go to lunch to sample a few things for a great deal+Go to dinner to splurge for a special occasion+Bring quarters for the meters in the daytime+Order the Chicken Schwarma Salad - you won't regret it and you'll think about it often+Check out the daily quiche offering - it's all the rave+Enjoy
5	I have had some of my best meals in Arizona here. The menu changes frequently but the chef has a great way of creating wonderful flavor combinations. The waitstaff is very knowledgable and ready to offer suggestions, without being pushy (of course I'm a sucker for waiters who talk cheese to me). It's a fun lunch place to take guests visiting from out of town. It's also one of my favorite date places.
4	Great place to eat but overall really pricey ($10 - 16 for apps; $19 - $32 for entrees)... hence the removal of one star.  Aim for sitting outside because the inside dining area is small.  Went here for a corporate event and we were seated near the kitchen and had to yell at one another to be heard.  Outside was gorgeous.
5	The lovely Sarah G decided to bless me w her awesome presence for lunch this afternoon. I am so glad we decided on this lovely House of Tricks! Does anyone know why its called that?!?! I'm curious please tell me??!?! Soooo this should really be 4.5 stars as everyone has said the service was a bit slow. A lot of places down here in Tempe seem that way to me. For some weird reason or another I feel like I enter the Twilight Zone and the waiters dont seem to have a need for time. Maybe they teach this course at ASU or maybe everyones just stoned, IDK!?!?! The soup of the day was some carrot ginger thing with creme it did not taste like carrots at all whatsoever but it was super delicous and I dont even like ginger haha!! Sarah took a pic of the salad I had. I had the best salad EVER!!! Moroccan Fruit and Chicken Shawarma Salad with Mango, Melon, Strawberries, Oranges, Toasted Pine Nuts, Citrus Cous Cous and Baby Field Greens with Preserved Lemon Vinaigrette. I substituted the chicken for some Tombo Ahi it was a few dollars more but OH SOOO WORTH IT!! Abso-fucking-lutely YUM-GASMIC!! The chef here is a fucking genius and I will never have enough of this place.....EVER! Where is Gordon Ramsey when you need him to light a fire under your server's ass to get the tables turned around quicker?? I will surely bring all out of towner's here for dinner and do more special occasions here in the future. Wine tasting is on Tuesdays I better move closer!! So when are we going?!?!?
4	Very intimate setting.  Quiet and romantic.  If the weather is permitting, I would recommend a table outside. Given the environment, you would never suspect Mill Ave is right around the corner.  They also have a pretty extensive wine list to choose from.  Enjoy!
4	Being a student, I have to be cheap. But damnit, when you can splurge, it just feels nice. I also uploaded pictures of our entrees.Boyfriend took me here for my birthday and even though I read it wasn't good, I ordered the Seafood Pistou because it just had a ton of seafood that sounded good (salmon, mussels, clams, tuna, something else I can't remember). You know what this dish needs. SOME CHEAP PASTA. Sounds contradictory for a pricey restaurant with high quality meats, I know, but there was so much garlic pesto in the "shallow broth" that I really wanted some pasta to help soak some of that up. It was good, though.Boyfriend wanted to "try something new" and rather than taking a small step from meat and potatoes, he ordered the seared tuna. WTF. I ended up eating the tuna because he didn't like the texture (I thought, duh), but he liked the sesame noodles it came with. He ate them while he drooled over the filet on mashed potatoes at the table next to us. NEVER AGAIN, I told him. :)The salmon cakes were good and I enjoyed the salad they were served on. I enjoy coming here for lunch because the portions aren't much different for the price, but isn't that the story of lunch v. dinner, anyway?
4	House of Tricks is a great place for dinner if you're looking to go out for a special occasion. It's not somewhere I'd go on any given night, seeing as how the bill is about $100 for a dinner for two. I appreciated the menu having a good deal of seafood on it, as I don't eat any red meat. We had the scallops as an app. - while the serving was small (as expected), the scallops were the prettiest ones I have ever seen! For dinner I had the ahi tuna - it was WAY bigger than I expected, I couldn't even finish it - but my date didn't hesitate to finish it for me. We sat outside as the sun was setting. The atmosphere was pretty much perfect except for one thing. We were seating next to the concrete wall separating the restaurant from the street. If you're sitting at the tables next to the wall, I'd say it comes up to your elbows. Anyway, there were ants crawling all over the wall and it made me kind of uncomfortable and itchy. Our server was a young guy who could have washed his shirt a few times before wearing it again. Otherwise, he was pretty cool - sort of a 'no sense of urgency' kind of server - but we weren't in too much of a hurry anyway.
3	While throwing a small get together, we were able to have a back patio with a buffet style table set up with some pretty tasty appetizers.  The chicken sqewers were delicious and smoked salmon was also tasty but something seemed to lack.  At the end of the day it was good and I wouldn't hesitate to go back, but nothing to make me a raving fan.
5	this is our special treat restaurant...first date, anniversary. we love the patio and the atmosphere there. they always take great care of us. the food has always been top notch for us, even though it's a bit above our middle class budget. highly recommended. did i mention awesome patio?
4	How do I love thee House of Tricks?  Let me count the ways:1.  The cozy cottage and gorgeous bar area complete with twinkle lights make me forget I am right off of Mill Ave which is a definite plus.2.  There are plenty of delicious options at lunch and dinner for my non-meat eating friends.3.  One of the most underrated wine lists in the Valley at a far lower markup than other restaurants of its caliber in the area.  Example, several years ago before Turley blew up and became a trendy wine, I used to enjoy bottles there for $45!!!  Crazy, I know...4.  Their food is fresh and divine.  Their dinner menu changes seasonally and their creative chef always offers very inventive specials that you wish would be put permanently on the menu.  Some of my favorites are the Ahi tuna and the oh so tender Petite Filet Mignon.5.  They recently added a Happy Hour!!!!  (Multiple exclamation points because we all know I like the sauce : )  )6.  House of Tricks became the first restaurant in all of Arizona that my food snob of a mother insists I take her to every time she comes in town to visit.I have to take one star away (well, really only a half a star if I had my way) because their lunch prices are a bit steep and it upsets me that my wallet prohibits me from eating there as often as I'd like.If you've never been there, run don't walk.  It is truly a gem in one of the dullest dining parts of the Valley.
5	Great spot for outdoor business meal.  Limited vegetarian options.
5	I live in San Diego, but was in Arizona for Valentine's weekend. Through local recommendations, I chose House of Tricks to take a friend for Valentine's lunch...and before I go any further, let me just say that I am SO happy we came here! Location--kinda random. Next to the university, and directly next to a mosque and Muslim market. (Turns out market has the world's best hazelnut baklava--go get some!) Once you get closer you can see the cute outdoor tables in the little garden area that conjure up thoughts of a Parisian outdoor cafe. Nice! I'll admit, one of the reasons I chose this place was for it's wine menu (glug glug.) They had a special wine of the day, which was great, and pretty reasonable at $6 per glass. The food is where this place really shines though...the menu is so interesting, and everything sounds amazing and incredibly fresh. We decided on a goat cheese cake appetizer, served with tapenade, basil, roasted red peppers, and crispy slices of bread--YUM! For an entree I had the grilled slightly spicy calamari, shrimp, and tuna with Israeli cous cous and spinach, and my friend had the phyllo dough wrapped orange roughy with coconut milk and veggies. Both of our dishes were delicious, and we loved the uniqueness of the flavor combinations. For dessert we ordered a bread pudding dish and a tirimisu, with two cappucinos. Our bill was about $80 but we each had 2 glasses of wine, shared an appetizer, each got an entree, and followed it with two desserts and two cappucinos. Not bad for all of that food, if we had just gotten lunch entrees I would consider it a great deal at around $12 per entree.Service was great, and it was the perfect location for a romantic, lazy lunch on a beautiful day.  My friend was only half-joking when he suggested going back on Sunday....
5	What can I say about HOT that hasn't already been said (in a good way that is)?This place is amazing.  For those familiar with the east valley, this may help get my point across: This restaurant belongs in Scottsdale as the quality and service are far above anything else you'll find in Tempe.  That said though, I'm glad its' not in Scottsdale.  I appreciate the fact that it's 'hidden' and it's pretty easy to get a table no matter what time of day.The food is delicious.  HOT is a 5 Star dining establishment.  For their dinners, you'll pay for the quality.  My Girlfriend and I went for her birthday last August, and managed to drop about $100 on just the two of us (without any alcoholic beverages no less).  But it was worth every penny.  I believe I had the Seared/Crusted Ahi, which tasted great (though I learned that I do not like the texture of raw fish).  She had a seafood pasta dish, which I tried, and that was delicious.If you're interested in trying HOT, I'd recommend going in for lunch.  Their prices are perfectly reasonable (if not down right cheap for what you're getting) and the service and quality is no different than their dinner dining.  If I recall correctly, I had a (filet?) burger that was fantastic; cooked to perfection and seasoned well.  Everyone seems to enjoy their iced tea with the fresh berries (though I could not get into it; I don't like 'stuff' in my drinks).I've determined that service is a deal-breaker for me wherever I go.  Perhaps that is why I enjoy HOT so much.  We're talking gourmet dining with service to match.  The atmosphere is great on the patio (I have yet to dine indoors there as it's usually gorgeous outside, so why pass up the chance to enjoy the weather).  As much as I don't want to use the words, rustic and quaint come to mind, but the place manages to maintain a certain amount of class and modern-ness, which I enjoy the latter more than the prior.I have yet to have any beverages from the bar, but I'm sure that based on the quality of their food, the drinks are amazing as well.  They did have a well stocked outdoor bar that I usually see at least a few people sitting at each time I'm there.If I were a person who ate out more, House of Tricks would definitely be on my 'Visit Often' list as they have a small, but variety-packed menu that constantly changes, fantastic service and a great atmosphere, especially for a warm summer night or a nice spring afternoon.  If you live in the area and haven't been there, you're doing yourself a disservice.  If you're visiting (either from the surrounding area or out of town) I would put this place on your 'must' list to check out.
3	My girlfriend and I went here for a late Valentine's Day dinner (exams and finals interfering with the "proper" day).  I'm certainly glad I called ahead because the place was jam-packed when we got there.  We were given the options of being seated inside now, or outside shortly.  We opted for the latter to enjoy the beautiful night air.  The restaurant bar that we waited at was surprisingly crowded too.  I don't know if they were short-staffed that night, but, the fact that it took almost ten minutes to get the bartenders attention was just and indication of the way the night was going to go.  While the drinks (my manhattan and her mojito) were quite good, they were also quite pricey.  Far more than I thought they were worth.  Whatever, right?  It's for Valentines Day.Well, that just kind of kept going.  My ribeye was.....fine.  Pretty tasty but....well, maybe I'm just not a fan of ribeye.  The soup, a cauliflower-chorizo blend, was good.  Again, just not worth what we ended up paying for it.  Happily, my girlfriend really enjoyed her foie gras stuffed chicken, at least.All in all, good, but as a dining event, not worth the $100-ish dollars.  The service is pretty good and the location and ambiance can't be beat.  I'll give it another try, but there is quite a queue of places for me to check first before I rush back.
5	Love this place! Always come here with my parents when I am home. Oh and had a fantastic 21st birthday dinner here years ago. Every time I come here, my meal is always amazing. They also have a really incredible wine selection that is constantly updated and improved upon. Their outside patio is gorgeous and complete with heaters and a fire pit when the weather is a bit on the chilly side. But the indoors is just as great-cozy little house with a fire place.  Just yesterday, we had the Mediterranean Platter as a starter (delicious!) and I had the fruit and chicken shwarma salad (so good!) with a lovely glass of pinot noir.I highly recommend this place...I have never been disappointed. Plus the waitstaff is always incredibly friendly. Yesterday, we sat at our table for over three hours-not only did our waiter sit and joke with us, we never felt rushed to leave. Check it out!
4	This place has one of the classiest atmospheres in tempe.  The food is upscale and priced so, yet more on the "classics" end rather than new and innovative flavors.  The service is usually stellar when I go yet the one time I try to show my parents how nice this spot is we end up leaving due to being forgotten for 45 minutes.  If you go on a good waiter day and sit outside in the spring this place can make your evening.
4	this is one of my favorites in tempe. I recommend the fruit and cheese platterthe chipotle chicken pastathe roast beef sandwich- this one tops Houston's in my opinion!and even though the pomegranite glazed chicken sounds appetizing it's a little tart and you eventually can't taste anything but the pomegranite glaze...it's a flavor stealer. the host man needs an attitude check big time. don't be afraid to ask this little brat for the seat you want. you came here for the view and the food so get what you want. don't let the obnoxious host give you hell about it.
2	This is a magnanimously charming eatery, seemingly well-heeled but with a cheeky name and a contrived menu. It's a trick that seems to be working.I have to agree with several other reviewers in noticing that the food here is nothing spectacular. If anything, it's formulaicly spiked with keyword cache ingredients, and executed in a wholly unremarkable manner.And it's damn pricey.I'm Ok with smaller portions when the food has been exquisitely fussed over, or when it's innovative and extraordinary--but when it's just "good", I feel like that's one trick they can keep under their hat(s).They do have an impressive wine list, and the staff has a refreshingly classy attitude overall, but snob appeal is really only good for showing off- and not enjoying yourself consistently.I guess that's why it's good for first dates or out-of-town guests, but too expensive and impersonal to be considered a favorite.
2	Food was moderate and exceptionally overpriced. Service was good, venue was enjoyable.  I think price and the expectation built about this place ruined it for me, only because it winds up this is a very expensive place trying to be a LEGITIMATE expensive place.  Instead, it's just overblown.  I can see how college couples and the nouveau riche would find House of Tricks to be a cut above; after all, if you're paying a lot of money, it MUSt be a good place, right?Warning to those who have experienced real "fine dining" and eaten domestically and abroad:  this is NOT the real deal - move along to something else.
4	Pricey but worth it.I've never had a bad plate at Tricks, and they make a very good martini. I wouldn't say the food is world class, but it's never been disappointing.Extremely pleasant to sit outside under the trees. With some good conversation and a couple of good selections from the menu it's hard not to have a good time here.
4	I really like this place for lunch or dinner.  The outside bar is awesome.  I call it my special occasion spot...for anniversaries, birthday's etc.  It's different in that you'll see anywhere from corporate execs to professors to those who decided to travel from outside their north Scottsdale suburbs.  I used to live about 2 miles north and now the only thing I regret is not having gone there more frequently.  For lunch, try their iced tea...very refreshing.  Sandwiches and salads are tasty.  Any dinner entree (especially beef) is sure to please.  My out of town friends were surely impressed!
5	Every meal I have had here has been delicious.  Whether it is lunch or dinner the service and food are always at the top of their game.  It is so relaxing to escape from the Arizona heat underneath the shade of all their trees on the patio.  Love their drinks too!  Great prices and friendly service!
4	Good stuff, Had the smoked salmon and pecan smoked pulled pork sandwich. The salmon was tasty, there online menu says they smoke it in house, but the menu that day didn't say such, but it didn't seem like any store bought stuff I have ever had, really thick and some what juicy, guess I should have just asked, and we could have both have just skipped all that. On another note service wasn't that great, but they were in the middle of shift change so take that as you want. On a better note the pecan smoked BBQ sandwich was kick-ass, I actually made some BBQ sauce the next day and steeped some pecans in it just see how it would come out since I liked the flavor so much. The potato salad was good besides being a little under seasoned, but to each there own, because you can just add salt to your liking, but I had none on my table and had to go and find some, see previous note. They have a good beer selection too. So five stars for the food and 3 for the service. P.S. my BBQ sauce turned out kick-ass too.
4	My girlfriend and I are loyal yelp'ers and we put House of Tricks on our must-see list in Tempe after seeing all the great reviews and we definitely weren't let down. In located in the middle of a desert, the sprawling grove of trees that surround the restaurant definitely make it stand out. The place looks like an eerie pre-civil war cotton plantation... but it's weirdly romantic and nostalgic. The food was great! My girlfriend and I attempted to try as much as we could from the menu as our budgets and stomachs would allow. We had: 1. Perfect Peach - We started with a peach cocktail that had a gin in it. It was a very well made cocktail that definitely had the peach flavor while still reminding you that this was indeed an alcoholic drink - very refreshing in 100+ degree weather. 2. Summer Salad with Strawberries and Spinach - This salad was great. It came with spinach, cheese, fennel, strawberries, and candied walnuts. It was tied together by a subtle vinaigrette that still allowed the individual components of the salad to shine while still adding a distinct hue to the salad that would otherwise not be there.3. Foie Gras with Cinnamon Apple Chutney - This was the first sweet foie gras I've ever had and it was amazing. The foie gras had a nice crust without losing the near liquid creaminess in the center. The chutney was sweet in a way that you could taste the ingredients, but be careful to limit the amount eaten with the foie gras because it can easily overpower the flavor of the liver. 4. Lychee Marinated Duck - As a kid, my only knowledge of duck came in the form of Peking Duck, and damn, this was the most gourmet duck I've ever tried. The sweet and creamy skin and fat of the duck complemented the savory and almost smokey meat so well. The rice was forgettable but the lychee nuts made for a nice dessert. 5. Porterhouse Lamb - My girlfriend ordered medium but the meat came out medium rare. The cut of meat was far too thick to cook well or evenly and that thick of a cut of meat is hard to enjoy. The meat, however, had great flavor and definitely had a robust lamb taste that a lot of other restaurants can't seem to achieve. The lamb literally melts in your mouth - so tender. The sides were pretty good. The eggplant was excellent - the flesh was soft while the skin provided a chewy texture to complement. Overall, great food and it's a pretty intimate setting. The food was great and the portions were the right size and allowed for more than sufficient enjoyment of each dish without being overkill (definitely a nice break from the huge portions typical of restaurants nowadays). The service was excellent, and for a restaurant of this caliber, the food definitely met all of our expectations but didn't exceed them. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone in the area looking for a romantic spot to take a loved one to.
4	Have been here 3 times now I think.  Once for a full meal a year or two ago, drinks a couple weeks back, and a few days back for apps and drinks.  This last time was good.  The wines by the glass are good and the app selection had decent variety.  The short rib app is really good and has a nice kick.  The shrimp/fish cake was dry and marginal so he took it off the bill.  The atmosphere is nice because you can sit outside at the bar, misters, fairly quiet, cool place.  We were there somewhat late and so it seemed that all of the employees were drinking and smoking at the bar.  That was a little annoying.  I get that they are off and want a drink, that's cool.  However, it's a business so the customers should have the run of the place.  Either way, I would recommend it.
4	I've been here three times.  The first time was actually for dinner - it was pretty decent.  Very nice, great service and tasty stuff on the menu...although, I had a bad experience because it was the first time I had duck - didn't quite care for it, but that's not to suggest it wasn't a very nice place.The other two times I had been there were for professional receptions/meetings, both of them were good.  The snacks/finger food was fresh and delicious.Great atmosphere too!
1	Wish I could give a lower rating than 1 star because FOOD POISONING should be negative stars since I was forced to lose my entire dinner.  First off, we saved our first experience for the house of tricks for a special occasion.  My 25th birthday: a reason to celebrate.  Little did I know that the appetizer of PEI mussels would grant me the birthday gift of hunching over the toilet for the rest of the night.  We ordered another appetizer as well.  The soup of the day.  it was explained to me as a roasted butternut squash soup.  However, when we got it, it was full of Indian curry flavors and topped with feta cheese.  No one ever said that it would be Indian squash soup.  We found the curry taste to be so overpowering that  we ended up sending it back (we had Indian for lunch and were not in the mood for more).  The server was gracious and said she would take care of it but, as the bowl made its way back into the kitchen, we could HEAR the loud kitchen crew complaining that we didn't "know what good curry tastes like!"  Well i may not make my own garam masala from scratch but I DO know that i was never told that there would be curry in my soup and I ALSO KNOW that Indian food it NEVER topped with GREEK cheese!  Fools.But the meal ventures on.  Entrees.  We ordered the lychee marinated duck breast and the "Everything  Spiced Ahi tuna".  The duck tasted NOTHING of lychee.  it tasted of star anise, clove, ginger, and plum sauce.  Very similar to the taste of pho (Vietnamese noodle soup).  in fact, it tasted almost identical without the soup.  If I wanted pho, i would go down the street and get it for $7, NOT get dressed up and pay $25 for a dried excuse for a pho-flavored duck breast.  Sad.  The "everything" spiced ahi tasted as if it should have been named the "Nothing Spiced Ahi Tuna".  Bland bland bland.  the couscous accompaniment tasted like nothing.  the sliver of sabayon given to lend flavor was barely adequate to make up for the overwhelming blandness.  it was bland in the way that silence can be deafening.  This "rollercoaster" of flavor costs $27.  Sad. We ordered dessert in an attempt to make SOMETHING of the mere memorable.  We were poorly mistaken.  Blackberry cobbler.  we got a single casserole dish with warm blackberry jam and half a biscuit baked on top.  Small scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Only good part was the ice cream but, then again...  can't mess up store bought ice cream now can you?All in all: a $130 disaster.  top it all off with food poisoning and I think you have the worst restaurant experience ever.  The only saving grace was the server, who was sweet and responsive.  The kitchen was full of LOUD retards who think they know how to cook.  The food was even sadder for us because the empty-promised great-hype and were saving H.O.T. for a special occasion.  With so much hype and the menu's promise of greatness, the harsh reality of sub-par execution left us somber and bewildered.  Dumbstruck.  Then...  nauseous.  Side note:  this menu isn't even seasonal.  We went in May; it is now September and...  SAME MENU!  NASTY.
2	Kind of over-rated. The food isn't stellar for how much it costs.  Go there mostly for the ambiance and professional service. A good date place but you won't be raving over the food.However, lunch is a good deal here since the meals are in the 7-11 dollar range and there is quite a range of dishes.
5	I have had a great experience here twice. The food is great and the service just as good.
5	Hidden gem in Downtown Tempe. When I first heard the name I thought I was being taken to a dive. Wow was I surprised! The location seems to be in a former residence with a casual garden surrounding diners eating al fresco. There is air conditioned dining available.The food is well prepared and reasonably priced. It is the favored location for entertaining visiting faculty and VIP's from ASU. It is a very popular spot for graduation celebrations so make your reservations well in advance. Parking behind the restaurant will spare you the unpleasant surprise of a parking ticket for those who linger beyond the parking meters 1 hour limit. The serving portions are generous. The deserts are equally delicious! Been visiting about 10 times a year for the past 12 years and always a great meal at the House of Tricks.
1	i thought this place was crap, but my gf didnt think it was that bad. the menu was nothing special, typical phoenix restaurant choices. they ran out of the scallop dish at 7pm. we waited about 45 minutes for our food on a wednesday night. the choices were overpriced. and my mashed potatoes were cold. nuff said. gf thinks the mussels were good though.
5	The Chicken Ballontine is the absolute best chicken meal I have ever had in my entire life.About a year ago, I first visited Tricks. I was debating between the Chicken Ballontine and the Airplane Chicken. I asked the waiter who replied, "the Airplane Chicken is a nice meal; it's like a very upscale Thanksgiving dinner and quite delicious." Me: "And what about the Chicken Ballontine?"Waiter: "Um, well, about that. Some people have said it's the best chicken they have ever eaten in their entire lives."Me: "I'll take it."The Chicken Ballontine is a simply amazing chicken dish. It comes as chicken stuffed with foie gras and brioche stuffing, coated in a cognac demi glaze, with a light layer of seared caul fat surrounding the chicken to give it a crisp, served over greens (kale, I think) over butternut squash.The dish is absolutely incredible as the flavors blend together. Everything is in perfect balance in this meal and you will find yourself cursing the gods that chicken has been ruined for you in all other forms. Even at $26, it's that good.I know "best chicken you've ever had" sounded hyperbolic and I thought it was strange for someone to speak *so* highly about a dish. Usually, a waiter will taper their response to make sure they don't look a fool if you dislike it.This was of no concern to him for good reason.The chicken was incredible. And then, three weeks later, they switched to their Spring menu, and it was gone. Distraught, I emailed them asking if it may come back. They mentioned that it was a possibility, but that chef Kelly Fletcher had been forwarded the email.He responded saying that while he never brings a dish back in rotation, he would make an exception because of the response he had received to it.When we visited last night, I made a point of mentioning that I had petitioned for the dish's return. The waitress (who was wonderful in all regards) sent chef Kelly Fletcher out to greet us personally. He came out with a grin and asked how we liked it. I explained that I would likely be doing serious damage to my heart several times over for the next few weeks as he had gotten it just right again.The dish is very complex--he explained that the demi glace is of course homemade and requires ten+ veal bones, the caul fat is a process in its own right, and getting your hands on enough foie gras to use it in a dish like this can be a challenge, but it's absolutely worth it. It really is the best chicken I have ever had.(And the goat cheese-cinammon-apple-chutney-with-lime-basil-syrup tart was amazing too, and the perfect end to our evening last night.)
5	This is my favorite restaurant in  Tempe. The servers are great, it's not a chain, has an amazing menu & wine list, great outdoor patio, and it's centrally located. If you want to try something that has a great variety, and great service. I insist on coming here everytime I come to the Phoenix area!
4	History, atmosphere,lush  vegetation, savoury smells, great wine list, best tomatoes, clearly sophisticated but not pretentious, and hospitable service...What other tricks have they got to pull to get you to eat here?  If there were a way to splice me in half so that my other me could enjoy the rest of the menu that I did not eat...I would gladly do this.  The nearby mosque beckoned praises as the chimes filled the air and emphasized the near spiritual experience eating at Tricks unveiled.
5	Absolutely great each and every time. That's pretty much how I sum up Tricks.Living nearby has given me good opportunities to visit Tricks for lunch and dinner, I've never been disappointed. Lunch is nice for something a bit classier that won't break the bank, their salads are fresh and crisp, the sandwiches are just enough to fill but not weigh you down (at least for me).For those considering taking their family out for a nice quiet lunch, Tricks is a no worry choice. I've taken my family here on two separate occasions and even the picky Grandfather of the family had something he liked. (He's super hard to please) I would only steer clear on the hottest AZ summer days as the misters can only do so much. Or you could sit inside for some A/C action.I'll agree that Tricks is a great date destination. It's the first mention when someone asks me where to go in Tempe for a nice date (with Caffe Boa just behind it). The wine list is comprehensive without being daunting and the dinner selections are borderline amazing. I've had several and again, not been disappointed. My favorite has been the Ahi Tuna Wellington, prepared perfectly and with served with nice presentation.All in all, one of the best restaurants in Tempe and probably the Phoenix area. A few Tricks lunches in the Fall and Summer should be planned accordingly.
5	The duck breast on special was insanely good. Intimate athmosphere, and the servers were very knowlegable.
5	Tricks is the only worthwhile option for fresh, creative fine dining level food in downtown Tempe.  The location is tucked away in a lovely old house, really two I think, with tables sprinkled in a lovely garden which is touched with artistic elements.  The house itself is very intimate, with brightly colored walls and warm atmosphere. The food is seasonal and inventive.  Each course we had brought beautiful presentation and touches of character.  The wine list is well thought out and the waiter really knew how to suit a wine with our tastes.Excellent experience, can't wait to have the occasion to return!
5	This was a great dining experience!  I enjoyed everything about this restaurant.  Very nice outdoor seating in a quiet location, great food and good service.  Can't wait to go back!
4	My husband and I went here on a date night not long ago.  I was craving wine and a cheese plate and a friend said House of Tricks has the best cheese plate she has ever had.  We had a little bit of difficulty finding the place.  I don't know how many times I have been down to Mill Ave in the 12 years I have lived in Arizona (100?) and never knew this great restaurant was tucked on a side street not far away.   The atmosphere at the restaurant is one of my favorite ever.  I love the outdoor seating with the grass, trees and fire pits.  I love the patio bar that is built around the trees growing through it.  I love the year round Christmas lights decorating the bar area.  My husband and I showed up without a reservation on a Friday night.  We were lucky to get the last table in the bar area to sit at.  The cheese plate lived up to my expectations- it was the most beautiful and best tasting cheese plate I have ever had.  The wine menu has an amazing selection of wines in every different price range.  We shared a bottle of Shiraz that ran us $29, I think.  We enjoyed the wine and cheese over a two hour period of conversation and relaxation.  I enjoyed it very much.  Now my husband laughed when the bill came and $50 later he was still starving.  We hit Filibertos on the way to pick the kids up from the babysitter so he could grab an adobado taco.  :)
4	Very good food! I tried it after the article about 21 best sandwiches in Phoenix. The Reuben was good, but looked nothing like the picture. Great place to enjoy a great AZ day
4	I was waiting in the check out line at Basha's and the latest edition of Phoenix Magazine caught my eye with the headline "21 Best Sandwiches". Being a huge sandwich lover, I flipped to the article immediately and found that House of Tricks was written up as the best maker of a Reuben (one of my personal favorites). The decision was made then and there that a lunch at this restaurant was necessary. When I heard that it was near ASU and called House of Tricks, I assumed this was some casual sandwich shop or divey type of bar; I was pleasantly surprised to find that it was elegant and almost soothing to have a meal there. We sat down for a late Saturday lunch in the courtyard which was surrounded by trees, flowers, brick patio, and a fountain. The menu had something for everyone, but my mind was made up before I walked into the restaurant. When my Reuben was placed in front of me I did not waste one moment and quickly began eating. I figured the review was going to be hyped up too much, but I was relieved to find it extremely delicious. Every component of the sandwich was yummy: bread, cheese, sauerkraut, dressing and best of all the corned beef. The potato salad they gave as a side was also great, not too creamy with a good punch of garlic. I also tried some of the ham sandwich but I was underwhelmed. After eating half of the Reuben I had high hopes, and the ham sandwich did not live up to my expectations. However, it is close to being fantastic. I personally think it was too sweet, not enough mustard, and too much brie. I would highly suggest this place for a nice lunch or dinner. This would be a great spot for a date, dinner with your parents, or just getting together with a few friends.
3	Really nice setting.  Presentation of food is fantastic.  Everything served looks like a work of art on the plate.  Our group had a starting appetizer of some of the best hummus I have ever had.  I had an amazing salad with mixed greens, dried cranberries and a goat cheese fondue.  I took away major points for the short ribs which were not warm enough, overly fatty and just not very tasty.  Our group also had a beautiful dessert tray with mini eclairs, petit fours, and tarts.  Desserts were good but looked better than they tasted.  Still I would try it again.  Perhaps the ribs are just not their specialty.
5	House of Tricks, my ray of sunshine! The food defies description, it is always, always delicious. The wine list is exceptional as is the beer list. In fact, HOT  - now apropo it that? - takes a great deal of pride in its' bar and it is where you can find me on a Friday or Saturday afternoon at HOT's happy hour, having a lovely glass of wine, enjoying a taste of a martini - the bartenders are generous and sharing  an appetizer or two. HOT is a great afternoon spot.
4	I am picky so here's my review.  The scallop appetizer was very good as well as the fois gras.  The salad we had lacked much flavor but was really fresh.  The rabbit, which was highly recommended by the waitress was just ok.  Atmosphere outside was pleasant and inside was grandma-ish.  Overall a good meal but not sure if I would return.
4	I am putting 4 stars because my lunch was absolutely delicious! I went to lunch yesterday february 26th with a good family friend and I had the roasted chicken sandwich with the pasta salad and he had the Reuben, I think. Sandwich was amazing and I feel the other fellow yelpers were right this place is very tasty :)    However, our service was not up to par AT ALL. He was tall, slender with a dark beard with hints of grey in it..hmm well I was waiting for my guest and ordered a cup of coffee.. so far so good. When my guest finally arrived we waited about 15 minutes until he approached us. He asked what my guest wanted to drink and the minute he said ill just have water and was about to say we are ready to order or waiter was gone. He rushed away, dropped off water and left again! So confused... then when we finally flagged him down he un-enthusiastically recommended some entrees(since we bother have not been there) and that was about it. Not personal at all. No fun! Great food, will come back for that but hopefully next time we will have quality service to go along with their quality food!
5	I never think of this place as a last-minute lunch time location but recently when a friend came in from out-of-town, I suggested we dine at House of Tricks. Despite the January afternoon, we sat on their beautiful patio next to the fountain. We were easily accommodated without a reservation during the lunch hour. We enjoyed a lengthy two-hour lunch with an appetizer, entree, and dessert. Needless to say, this review will throw more icing on their cake but the experience was magnificent. From the friendly, nice-looking wait staff and hostess to the interesting food combinations, House of Tricks gives you an intimate dining experience in the heart of Tempe. I do wish parking was easier and that the college students with mobile phones growing out of their ears passed by less often. Oh well, it does not matter! I just turned my chair toward the picturesque little house, watched the koi swim passively in the fountain, while feeling the cool breeze through the trees, as though I was casually dining in the French countryside.
1	The last time I stopped in At HoT was with clients for a lunch. Absolute DISASTER. We got our lunchtime libations and ordered. And waited. And waited. And waited. No drink refills. And it was late May so we could have used them. Finally, our waiter comes over with a light appetizer plate and apologizes that our order wasn't placed properly. Some lame excuse and then... he said he paid for the appetizer out of his own pocket since he didn't want the manager to ream him. By the time we got our food, it was an hour-and-a-half from when we walked in. Not good in my book. Needless to say, I haven't been back. At least my clients had a good sense of humor and said I pulled a good Trick on them.
3	The portions were slightly small, despite the high price, but very tasty. The hostess and waitress seemed to have some type of foreign object up their hind quarters all night but the bartender was outstanding. I've seen better bathrooms in a aircraft carrier. Nice place but not worth the price.
3	We went for a late lunch for my boyfriend's birthday weekend. We sat at an outside table in a garden style patio setting. It reminded us a bit of our favorite places in California, but unlike Cali, they had nothing in place to deter the many pests flying around. The service was good, our waiter was very knowledgeable about the wine and beer offerings. The food, however, was disappointing. Michael had the albacore tuna, which was sub-par and he ended up dining on half my meal, the chicken sandwich on homemade ciabatta bread. The chicken was flavorful and moist, but the bread tasted like plain straight flour....inedible. The saving grace was dessert. We ordered the espresso bread pudding and it was delicious. I don't plan on returning, esp with all the wonderful restaurants Phoenix has to offer.
5	A great place to celebrate and laugh...the patio is gorgeous with open fire places and lots of beautiful trees. The food by Chef Kelly is, well, to die for. For a certain chicken dish I might commit murder. It's called the Ballantine Chicken. Imagine if you could make chicken into an orgasmic experience. A crispy skin that oozes juices as it is pierced with your knife. The stuffing made with brioche and all presented on a puree of fresh butternut squash. OMG! The raspberry iced tea is delightful, as is their wine selection. Sometimes it's nice to find a place in the middle of the city that makes you feel as if you are on vacation. The historic houses that make up the indoor seating are adorably rustic with modern twists. Take someone you love here...
4	This was a really really good meal. I took my co-worker there to celebrate a successful out of town assignment and it lived up to the talk. Great food preparation, amazing wait staff and a wonderful wine list.Unfortunately it was raining so we couldn't enjoy the outdoor seating but otherwise, great meal.
4	Wow.  ONLY thing that holds me back from giving it five stars was one of the hostesses.  I did not have a reservation, and asked if there would be any availability for a table for one.  Here is the wrong thing to say, which is exactly what she said:  "Oh, you can just sit at the bar.  Same menu and everything.  It's heated."  I tried to be kind, which is hard when I'm talking to a dismissive little blond college chick, but I explained that it was the courtyard atmosphere that I wanted - so no, I would not be sitting at the bar, and if no tables were available, I completely understood.  "We've got a lot of groups tonight... I mean, it would be a long time before a table opened... like twenty minutes."  I told her that was fine, and that she could find me at the bar when my table was ready.  I hadn't even sipped my wine before she came and got me.So frustrating that was the start to the experience, because everything else was five-star all the way.  My server was one of the best I've ever experienced:  he was attentive but not in the way, gracious beyond measure - seriously perfect.  The courtyard was beautiful, lit by candles and surrounded by trees so as to be hidden in a patch of Eden.  The cats roaming around were quirky and lent a warmth that such an upscale experience can lack.  From the time I was seated until I left, it was perfect.
4	I've been here twice - once for happy hour and once for dinner.Happy Hour Review: One of the best happy hour offerings I have seen in the valley, but not a huge $$ value. Great food choices that aren't offered on the standard menu. The hours are very limiting, and you can only sit in the extremely small bar area, so you have to be there early to get in on the HH menu. The artichoke dip and the bruschetta were wonderful!!! Dinner Review:We chose outdoor seating under the beautiful trees near the fireplace. It is such a romantic place for an evening out with the one you love! Our server was fantastic and had great suggestions! The mussels were some of the BEST I ever had - they were served in a wonderfully creamy chorizo sauce w/ yummy toasted bread for dipping. For entrees, we had the ahi wellington and the rabbit. The ahi was a little underwhelming - the presentation was gorgeous, but slightly bland. The wasabi mash fondue was just mashed potatoes with an extremely small smidge of wasabi - nothing really fondue or wasabi about it. The rabbit is one of their house specialties - it was absolutely delish! The only downside to the bunny is that it wasn't cooked until it was falling off the bone, which just isn't acceptable for a place like this. For dessert, we had the flourless chocolate cake - it was dense and not very ooh or ahh inspiring - I've had better.My take is that this place is great for ambiance and almost there for food, but something's missing. I expected every plate to be amazing, and was a little let down with the final delivery. I will probably go back again, but it's not my top pick for the money shelled out. I would much rather go back to Chelsae's Kitchen or Cafe Monarch.
4	I just had happy hour here with Ada G. and our friend P before Jesus Christ Superstar and happy hour is great!  The bruschetta is the best thing on the menu!  Rustic bread toasted and covered in goat cheese and heirloom tomatoes.  Yummy!  We also ordered onion dip and homemade potato chips and an artichoke dip-both were also good.  I think there might have even been a fourth dish.  I think wine was $2 off a glass for happy hour.I was here for dinner a few years ago and unlike Ada G, everything was perfect.  I had the loup de mer that night.  I don't remember what my husband or his coworker had but everything was perfect.  I do remember that for the appetizer we had ahi three way and that was really good too.  The best part about House of Tricks is their beautiful outdoor dining.  There aren't many places around with such a nice garden area.  It's a nice treat to be able to eat outside under the trees with the little white lights overhead.
5	I absolutely love this place! It's like fine dining without such a stuffy feeling.  I can go here dressed up in heels for a date or in flip flops and jeans for a lunch with friends. I've gotten something different every time and I have yet to be disappointed. I recommend trying whatever the special might be at the time because I've had fantastic luck with them. I've never sat inside but I'm not sure why you would want to because the patio is beautiful! A big tree, fireplace, flowers, and even a little koi pond really make a lovely dining setting. I've heard there are sometimes stray cats around? I haven't ever encountered them yet but I wouldn't mind. Kitties are cute! One of my favorite restaurants ever. If you haven't tried it you really must!
4	Went there for a lovely evening with my best friend.. The bartender suggested a wine.. that was delicious. we had enjoyed a Heirloom salad and the veggie enchiladas.. my plate was almost licked clean. atmosphere quiet and you could converse without a constant interruption. the only reason I give 4 out of 5 is that the gluten free options weren't fabulous and the server did not even ask about dessert and the prices were high..portions small..will try to go there as soon as i win the lottery.. but i saw happy hour prices were fabulous. perhaps i will try to go between 4-6pm.
4	4.5 stars Oh House of Tricks, you are a sneaky devil aren't you? Did you know I was coming? Is that why you pulled out all the stops for my visit? Did you know you were flirting with someone who doesn't give 5 stars freely? Is this always how you are, or are you only charming when good company is around? Well if you keep it up, you're going to get hit with 5 stars! I have visited House of Tricks three times. The first time I was on a hot date with a couple and a dog (yeah, that's how I roll). We sat out on the bar patio and decided to order a few dishes to share with each other. We started with a cheese plate that was very good and did not lack variety. For the entree I chose the beef tenderloin rare. The other entree that was picked was the vegetarian lasagna. Now, with me being a well known carnivore I will say that I was nervous about a vegetarian dish. We were served a bread basket with butter. Here's one of my pet peeves: Cold bread with cold butter. Never the twain shall meld. One must be warm! Give me a softened butter on cold bread or warm bread with cold butter. Get it? Moving on. Our dishes arrived after a short wait. Ah and how beautiful it was! The tenderloin was on a bed of mashed potatoes and greens and tasted wonderful! The meat was perfectly cooked! Now to try the lasagna! Omigosh! What a surprise! The lasagna was so delicious that I almost pushed aside my steak to eat the lasagna...almost. I sat back full and astonished at the great meal I just had! The second visit I had was lunch with a coworker. I chose the Chili Rubbed Hanger Steak. It came with Asadero cheese stuffed tortillas with roasted Ancho sauce, avocado puree and cilantro rice. Perfection! Absolute perfection! Everything was delicious, flavorful and well executed! I'm not a fan of cilantro and I even enjoyed the rice! The visit was certainly a 5 star visit. My third visit was for a dear friend's birthday dinner. I was so excited to go! For an appetizer I chose the foie gras and fig appetizer. It was so decadent. The mixture of savory/salty foie gras with a sweet fig mixture was heavenly! For my main dish I went with the tenderloin on top of a greens mixture and mashed potatoes. Everything was great until I started tasting WAY TOO MUCH salt. I am a salt lover and it turned out that the potatoes were oversalted. I called our servers attention to it and and she brought another dish out with just sauteed greens. It was perfect! I adore House of Tricks. Their menu changes with the seasons and there is always something new I want to try on the menu. If it weren't for a couple VERY SMALL issues, I would give them 5 stars in a heart beat! I look forward to visiting the restaurant again VERY soon!
5	My boyfriend and I were visiting Phoenix/Scottsdale for the weekend and I'd read some reviews about House of Tricks so we decided to give it a try! BOY are we ever glad we did! First of all, when you walk up to House of Tricks you just cant get over how cute it is! The courtyard with the twinkling lights, the outdoor bar area, etc. We arrived early to have a drink at the bar and I had the usual glass of wine and my boyfriend tried one of their newer drinks on the menu the Blackberry Gin Lemonade. It was quite tasty, they added Ginger Ale to it, but it was a tad flat, other than that it was a great bar drink. We then were seated outside in a quaint little area to ourselves. The only complaint I may have about sitting outside is that it there wasn't much lighting so it was kinda hard to read the menu and see the food. BUT, the FOOD, oh the FOOD it was sooo delicious. We ordered two appetizers the Mussels, which were absolutely to die for. The sauce they were in, the bread for the dipping, the chorizo...oh my! We were in love. We also ordered the Shrimp and Salmon cakes and those were quite tasty as well, but seemed to be over shadowed by the delicious mussels. We were pretty full by that point so we decided to split an entree and we ordered the Ling Cod. The waitress was actually excellent and split up the entree for us, so we each received our own plate. Once again we were blown away by the flavor profile. The fish was cook to perfection and the reduction with the fingerling potatoes were sooo delicious. We were ABSOLUTELY stuffed by the end of the meal.My only complaint I may have about the restaurant is that when we booked the reservation we mentioned that it was a birthday celebration for my boyfriend. Besides the hostess wishing him a happy birthday, nothing else was done for it, so I was a little disappointed and I think he was too in that regard. Other than that, if I lived in the Phoenix/Scottsdale/Tempe area I would be going there every weekend! I was surprised to see how dead it was on a Friday night though? Maybe because ASU is out for the summer? I'm not sure, but all in all I would recommend anyone visiting or wanting a really great meal to try House of Tricks. We talked about it for the rest of the weekend!
5	If you live in AZ or just visiting... you have to go to the House of Tricks!In an old house surrounded by  lots of trees and  is in a house and has an amazing patio and bar outside. Food is amazing and service is great! This is a great restaurant for a date or a special occasion. The setting is amazing..  and so wonderful! I have recommended this place already to numberous people. I will definitley go back!
5	By far one of my favorite places to go.  I'll make this easy for you, the Chicken Chipotle Pasta will change your life.  Go.
5	I think there are enough reviews for everyone who has not been here to figure out what a great restaurant this really is. This was a recommendation from a fellow yelper, and I am eternally grateful. I might suggest changing the name to House of Treats which is exactly what happened to my palette with each bite I took. The flavors and combinations were unique and delicious. Everything that everyone in our party ordered was devoured and thoroughly enjoyed. A fine dining experience. I have never had the opportunity to try ricotta black peppercorn grits ~ YUMMY. I would love to return on a night when outdoor seating might be more completely enjoyed. The only negative is the REALLY small size of the available indoor seating area. It could not accommodate a group larger than 5 people.
4	Great place for drinks and/or dinner. Seating inside and outside - great for date night or with a group. Lots of great healthy menu options. The bartender we had wasn't very friendly and kept grabbing our drinks before we were done - our waiter was great though. Definitely a neat place. Parking in front is metered.
4	What I really liked the most?Those cute old plates they leave in every table. Made me feel like grandma was around hehehe.Food was tasty and in good portions, just the salad that I had with my quiche was a bit dead. I wonder if it was 'cos they were busy for the AZ dine out week. If you are a young lady...this place has really good looking waiters!! Enjoy!
5	Last night was the first time that I ever ate at House of Tricks.  Well, one time I had a piece of a leftover while I was drunk out of my gourd, but that just wasn't the same as actually being there and experiencing the beautiful ambience, having the plate brought to you and getting to pet the fat kitty that lives on the premises.Right now they're got restaurant week going on and for $30 bucks you can get a gnarly three course meal.  I got:  Coconut curry shrimp, Asian meatballs served over a bed of goat cheese and a dulce de leche cheesecake brownie for dessert with a cup of decaf coffee.Unfuckingbelievable.Sometimes when you eat food that is that good, something that soars into that level of greatness, it makes every dish you made that you were oh, so proud of look like a piece of shit.  Did you ever bust your ass and cook something that took all day?  Did you ever make your own turkey stock for gumbo you made and the whole affair took all Sunday and you never even went outside?  I'm sorry, but you're going to be a little depressed after you eat here because it was incredible to an absurd degree.  Dude.  Amazing.
5	This is the perfect date restaurant.  Make a reservation, sit outside under the misters and take in the great atmosphere.  I was lucky enough to indulge in the restaurant week menu.  Arugula salad, squash soup, asian meatballs on risotto with long beans and finished with lemon meringue and tasted my date's creme brulee.  Exquisite food.
2	Although quaint with some items tasty, we've decided not to go here anymore based on them serving foie gras.  Many of the better restaurants are straying from serving this plate as it entails forcefeeding ducks by shoving a feeding tube down their throat and esophagus. Much more gruesome details I won't mention because most people don't care anyway.  There are some of us meat eaters that do not wish to eat flesh from tortured animals and thank goodness there are enough other great restaurants around who will no longer serve this.
5	I am not sure how I have missed this little GEM. Seriously good food, ambiance and service. I had a Thai Mojito that was both delicious and potent. For appetizers we shared Baby Spinach Salad (Incredible), Cesar Salad, Filet Mignon Beef Carpaccio (I had never tried Carpaccio before as I couldn't imagine liking it, but it was yummy), Fried Fromage d'Affinois with Homemade Strawberry Preserves (Fried Cheese and it was truly amazing and the Preserves were also amazing).For Dinner I had Grilled Beef Tenderloin. It was incredibly delicious and cooked to taste (I prefer Med. Well and was spot on without butterflying). My only regret is that I tried someone's Pecan Crusted Smoked Pork Tenderloin. That was the best Pork I have eaten in some time. The sauce was heavenly.This is now one of my top ten restaurants in the Phoenix area.
4	Went to House of Tricks last night for the first time. Sat outside in the courtyard and the ambiance was fantastic. Based on a previous review I tried the Thai Mojito and it did not disappoint..... it was delicious. Good, but not great, waitstaff and service. However, the food was the star of the evening --- it was excellent. Generous portions for the entrees and a unique selection of desserts. I had a great pumpkin cheesecake with cinnamon whipped cream. I would definitely recommend this restaurant for a group or a nice romantic dinner.
4	This place has a great patio, fantastic ambiance, and is a nice place to take a date. The food is good - very creative.  I ordered the tenderloin and it was cooked perfectly, however, it came with a strange, fruity glaze sauce - not what I was expecting. My friend told me that his lamb shank was over-cooked. So I would say that this place is high on potential, but the execution could be improved. With that said, you cannot beat the ambiance, as it has to be one of the best outdoor patios in the Phoenix/Tempe area.
5	Some colleagues and I ate here for dinner on out first night in Tempe during a three week stay in Sept 2010. The three of us sat outside even though it was 104 degrees, however I'm from California and they're from Florida so we're kinda use to a little heat. The patio setting is very nice, with a tree canopy for coverage from the sun, cute little white lights, and full outside bar, and misters set up that worked wonderfully to keep us nice and cool but not wet or bothered. The food was great! I ordered the Grilled Beef Tenderloin with Chive Butter Crushed Yukon Gold Potatoes, Mushroom Demi Glace,and Asparagus Prosciutto Salad... and I ate very single bit of it! Seriously.. I was full about half way through, but it was so amazingly good that I finished it all and felt ashamed afterward. The gentlemen I was with were also quiet fond of their entree's:Shiitake Mushroom Crusted Scottish Salmon and Nori Wrapped Ahi Tuna Tempura. We were still talking about the great food weeks after our first visit.  If we end up going back to AZ for the project again we will most definitely be bringing more business to this place!
5	I don't give 5 stars.  But tis place gets it because of the consistency in food, service and atmosphere.Its  very rare place, with pain-in-the-#$% parking.  But there's not much they do about that, especially during ASU football games.So, last night dined there with 3 80-plus year olds and my wife.  Remarkably, we ate outside because of the ubiquitous heater coverage.The outstanding food elements were the mussels in chorizo cream sauce and the pumpkin cheesecake.This is a fit-for-foodies place with a fairly priced wine list that has a pretty deep bench for a smaller place.Request a table on the patio.  Nothing to criticize here.  Its one of the Valley's lesser known gems.  Put it on the list and remember the mussels.
3	I went with my boyfriend for lunch. We went because of a recommendation from a good friend. The patio seating was nice but we chose to eat inside because it was a little chilly.We were seated but it took ten minutes for us to get our drinks. I had to walk back outside to the hostess to ask her if anyone was going to help us. I wonder how long it would have taken if I wouldn't have said anything. I needed to because there is metered parking.The waiter came by without apologizing for the wait and hurriedly asked for our orders and dashed off. This was a tad irritating.We ordered the spinach dip to start then I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich, and my boyfriend ordered the french dip sandwich.The appetizer was super delicious! It had roasted poblano in it which gave it a great kick and went well with the toasted baguette.  My sandwich had bacon, goat cheese, fig spread, and arugula on a ciabatta roll. There could have been more goat cheese and fig spread. The grilled chicken was moist but needed more seasoning.The salad that accompanied my meal was fresh with fruit and spinach leaves with a rosemary/balsamic vinaigrette. My boyfriend loves french dip sandwiches but the star of his meal was the au jus dipping sauce not the sandwich.The jist of this review is that my first impression is a little tainted by the poor service but it evened out with the decent food.I texted the friend who recommended this place and I told him about the weird service and he replied, "Oh you must be sitting outside." As if this should make a difference? They may have been overstaffed but there plenty of empty tables around us. We might try it again, maybe for dinner. Here's to second impressions!
3	I was really excited to come here since I have heard such great things. I will admit my expectations were pretty high. I started out with the beet salad. It was okay. Nothing special to talk about here. Then I had some fish, which I can't find on the menu presently. It may have been halibut, but it definitely was delicious. The dessert was also just blah. The portions were small, but since I had all three courses I was full. Would I go back? Nah. Our waiter was also pretty out of it.
5	Tricks just keeps getting better and better. I have gone here frequently over the years and our last three visits have been wonderful.The most recent, on a spectacular Saturday afternoon at about 2:30, the lovely and I sauntered over to Tricks, were placed at a table in front of the bar area and proceeded to have one of the loveliest meals in a long time. It was the lunch menu and I had a sandwich of grilled chicken, goat cheese, fig jam and greens served on ciabatta. Jeff had Chili Rubbed Hanger Steak and Asadero Cheese Stuffed Tortillas with Roasted Ancho Guajillo Sauce, Avocado Puree and Cilantro Rice [...pulled that off the menu...] Both so amazingly good alongside a Terlato Pinot Gris! We followed that up with dessert. We shared two different chocolate treats - one a flourless fortress with sugared pistachios and macerated figs, the other a 'smore's brownie'. The first was delightful by any measure but we were both smitten by the brownie. Buttered graham crackery delishushness under a smooth chocolate and toasted marshmallow that was not at all unctuous but a TOTAL delight of chocolate sweet, buttery salty yum. We were so full but we managed to choke it all down! Top that all off with a charming waiter with wonderful ease and recommendations and some very fine coffee. We loved every minute. We rarely say 'perfect' about our dining experiences and on this afternoon, we did. It was perfect. Thank you Tricks.
3	I was taken to House of Tricks along with my co-workers for our holiday dinner party a week or two ago.  Of course, I immediately perused their menu online, and was very much looking forward to choosing the most delectable dish. What a lovely menu!  I had narrowed it down to three tempting offers, and then decided to see where my mood was taking me when I got there.Half of my party ordered the Beef Tenderloin, which had been on my list, and I had to immediately rule out, so as to not be the fourth person ordering the steak.  Another guest had the duck, which was my second choice.  I was left with my third candidate, the Ahi Tuna.  Many other reviewers had claimed this dish was among the best Ahi they'd had, so I was excited to sample it.I have to be honest, it was just okay.  I wanted to love it, truly, I did!  And to be fair, the Ahi Tuna itself was nicely done, and I did eat it all.  It was the side items that were a little lacking.  One of the guests had to send her Tenderloin back, as it was ordered medium rare, and was charred and tough.  The atmosphere was upscale and charming, and I loved the converted house.  I think that the notable issue of the evening, however, was our server.  I was surprised that at a restaurant of this caliber that our server wasn't more knowledgeable, and had rather poor timing.  When we needed him, he was nowhere to be found.  We didn't even receive our bread and butter until after our entrees were served, and we'd been there the better part of an hour at that point.As much as I liked the idea of House of Tricks, the final result did not quite deliver.  I will most likely be back to try it again, as I have heard excellent things about their lunch menu, and lackluster service can certainly just be a fluke.
4	The cesar salad is very very addictive.  The food is pricey, but a nice evening under the stars and the patio will make you forget any care you have in the world. I like this place for dinner more than lunch.  It's worth going to for special occasions.
3	Lunch is pretty cheap.Boogers on the men's room walls.Order the French dip.
5	My boyfriend took me to House of Tricks for a fancy date, and I looooved it. We don't usually go all out with dinners, and Tricks is definitely pricey, but it was worth it. First of all, the atmosphere and ambiance was very nice. The outdoors seating looked very nice and romantic under the stars, but we chose to sit inside, which was as very exquisite. What made it for me, though, was the food. I'm not a fine dining girl, so maybe I'm just a noob, but I thought the food was the epitome of what food could taste like if cooked well. I don't remember the fancy menu names, but I ordered pork and my boyfriend ordered duck. We ended up switching because he liked the pork more and I like the duck more. But in the end, the symphony of flavors melted together in my mouth - I ate every bit off of my plate and savored every bite. I wish I could afford to go back more often. Next time!
3	Inconsistent...after about 5 visits here, that really sums it up.  I've had 5 star meals to 2 star meals and 4 star service and 2 star service.  I've had very pleasant dates here (4 stars) and dates during which I noticed my date was wearing a wedding ring (1 star).  Sure, I can't blame House of Tricks for the last one, so I will throw that one out...all in all, comes out to 3 solid stars, with some consistency it would be 4.The outdoor patio is worth a visit.  It really is like dining on someone's outdoor patio in front of their house, because well, that is what it is.  The menu is creative with plentiful options, including good vegetarian options. The wine list is decent, but not great and the service is usually attentive, but not always.Problem is, I have had the same dish, for example, pork loin, and one time it was amazing, and then the next time it was overcooked and truly lacking. The seafood can be hit or miss too.  The creative salads are usually a solid choice and plentiful.  I like the diverse menu, but I wish the menu would be limited some and then maybe the kitchen could focus on the items it does best...which seems to be lamb, pork (sometimes) and the vegetarian items, but not duck or seafood.If you are with a group with diverse tastes and you want to eat outside, this is a great choice.  Plus, in this part of Tempe, there really aren't many spots that can match the ambiance.
4	I went there for my birthday with my husband and was blown away by the romantic & relaxed atmosphere. Our meals were amazing. The service was also great. My husband also liked it very much. We are going back for sure.
4	Had the pleasure of enjoying House of Tricks last night, for the second time in the past twelve months.With a party of six, I was excited to get to see a range of dishes and try out most of the menu via my dining companions choices.  The restaurant, found in Tempe near ASU, is not hard to find and houses both indoor and outdoor seating.  The outdoor seating is where we ended up last night and between the fire pit in the middle of the grounds and the abundance of trees/greenery, the setting works quite well.  Our party was seated immediately and without problem, the night was off to a solid start.  Our waitress, Jamie, was both friendly and courteous.  Jamie had a great understanding of the menu, the specials and especially the wine.  Her recommendations for multiple members of the party worked out perfectly.  Each person in our party ordered an appetizer and off we went.I had the pork belly, on Jamie's suggestion. Other choices within our party included the salmon cake, sweetbreads two ways, and the scallops.  I thought the pork belly was great. It had a pea puree as a base sauce and some baby carrots that just killed.  The scallops were tasty and cooked perfectly.  The sweetbreads two ways were a bit of a letdown.  As a lover of sweetbreads, I have had the pleasure of tasting some of the best variations of there preparation. These were just not that great.  They weren't cooked properly and the seasoning was lacking.  This would be the only lacking dish of the evening.For the entree, I had the pork osso bucco.  This was a real treat, cooked evenly, tender and tasty.  Other entree selections around the table included the ahi tuna, the salmon, and the duck.  The tuna was the standard seared variety on a bed of mashed potatoes.  Both diners who chose this selection were quite satisfied.  My companion had the duck and while she certainly enjoyed the dish, she found the duck slightly fatty.  All around, the entrees were solid and plates were cleaned.  With little room left for dessert, we ordered three selections for the table to share.  All were good and once again our plates were cleaned off.  The dessert best was agreed upon to be the homemade smore the restaurant produces.  All in all, this is a solid restaurant with a good atmosphere and good service.  I would eat here again and recommend you to do the same.
5	I can't add much more to all the hundred plus reviews. Suffice it to say - it has the best menu, the best venue, and the best winelist in Tempe. If this place doesn't get five stars, no restaurant in Tempe should.
5	HOW have I not been here before???  This place is amazing.  The cozy little location makes you feel like you're out in the middle of the countryside, even though in reality you're steps from Mill Ave.Everyone - from the bartender to the host to the server - went way out of their way to make sure our meal went well.  I had the quiche special (chorizo & goat cheese) with a side of the soup of the day (califlower with basil) and both were out of this world.  Add in some stellar $6 by-the-glass wine specials and you've got a happy, happy camper.  I will definitely be back!One tip - I didn't realize they had a private parking lot behind the restaurant; so initially I parked on the street at a pay meter.  Save yourself the $0.50 and park back in the alley!  :)
5	I took my my friends there for lunch this afternoon,the staff was friendly and helpful,and not overly helpful.I had spinach mango chicken salad and it was perfect,glazed almonds,there wine selection wasn't big but it was good,a bit costly per glass,my friends had the french dips and not only were they big but there were tasty.good meat.nice fresh bread,nice patio to enjoy people watching,can't wait to have dinner there
5	My first time here and it was amazing!  A friend suggested it, and it will be one of my favs from now on!  The patio was very romantic, apps were delicious.  Our waiter was very attentive.We both had the beef tenderloin, Wow!  This place was great all the way around, highly recommended!
5	One of the best kept secrets in Tempe I am told.  Had a wonderful time.  I only sat at the outdoor bar for drinks and appetizers, but I was quite pleased with the menu selection and service.  Perhaps one of the best caesar salads I have ever had as it is generous with the garlic.  Recommended for dates and romantic diners.
3	So I went back in December with another colleague and the amazing meal I had the first time was no longer on the menu so made another selection that was supposed to be comparable.  Turns out it wasn't that great.  The food and the service this time around was mediocre at best, which was really disappointing. I hope that this experience was just a Fluke and should I ever go back in the future my visit will be reminiscent of my first experience.
4	1. Awesome job in ambiance and location2. excellent service3. Menu varietyThis place is a diamond in rough. It's got class and appeals to a variety of appetites, tucked away in the heart of downtown Tempe (party central), yet it's got a private feel or rural-ness. It's a little expensive, however, I've been known to turn the other cheek with price/value issues, when bribed with good hospitality, a memorable experience, and good coffee :)The fire place is a nice touch.
5	Visiting Phoenix/Tempe for work and went here for lunch.  GREAT outdoor atmosphere - very casual.  Ordered the Chicken Sandwich and it was probably the BEST one I have ever had!  It had goat cheese and fig jam  which was very inventive and created a taste I never experienced on a chicken sandwich.  When I'm back in Phoenix/Tempe, I'm going to make it back here! And...I have to say the name of this restaurant made us laugh a bit - we weren't laughing after we had a great lunch!
4	Loved the location at atmosphere of this place!  Had a very nice business dinner here last night.  We were able to sit outside thanks to the gorgeous weather, and I'd recommend this to anyone.  The houses inside have their charm, but al fresco dining is great!  We had a few drinks at the bar before we started dinner - they have a fairly nice wine by the glass list, as well as a nice stocked bar.  Something for everyone!The menu contained lots of delicious choices, and it was hard to choose.  Ended up going with Hapuku, which was a new-to-me fish from New Zealand, similar to grouper.  It was delicious - tender, flaky, and the earthy vegetables with it were a nice complement.We had very polite service, though not well-timed.  I like when plates are cleared all at once for people, instead of taking plates at the table away when others are eating.  OR, bringing the bill before we've finished dessert.  Both of these happened here.
5	Went with a party of 6 people who were game for mixing and matching, sharing appetizers and what not. Great- Got to try a ton of things on the menu! Everything was really good, nothing mediocre or crappy. I had the duck, an unusual choice, but wanted to get something that no one else ordered. Fabulous. The crab cakes were great, the cheese and fruit platter was pretty good, Wifey had the beef tenderloin, exceptional... and so on. Even the mussels were great. Service was fair to good, atmosphere was just OK... Not too hip of a place, and I am not a fan of dining outside, but it seemed to work for us at this place. Overall, it's rare I give out the coveted five star rating, but this place had a lot going for it- Creative menu, neat setting, and much more. Try it out!
4	Wow! This was a great find! Thanks fellow Yelpers for pointing me in the right direction. I had the lunch special, an incredible sweet potato and goat cheese gratin with grilled chicken (phenomenal)! My husband had the grilled chicken sandwich and our lunch companion had the chicken club - both said their meals were outstanding!Highly recommend!
4	Very good food.  I have eaten here several times and have had no complaints with their execution.  Really nice patio area secluded in trees and shade with a full service bar in the middle.  Great place for lunch.  One of Tempe's gems.
5	Impressive!   I dined at House of Tricks last week based on the Yelp reviews and was not disappointed.    The aromas from other's food while sitting around at bar let me know I was in for a good meal.   I had trouble deciding what to eat, so I ordered 3 appetizers:   Seafood Stuffed Poblano Pepper, Veal 2 ways, and Braized Oxtail.    The bartender did a fantastic job of recommending the order in which i received my food - lightest to heaviest.The "Veal 2 Ways" and "Braised Oxtail" were phenomenal.... a great combination of flavors and texture.   I think I'd put them both in my list of Top 10 dishes.   I can't wait to travel back to Phoenix to eat there again.    I'll also add the I really like the atmosphere.   Very chill place, but elegant without being stuffy.
4	Ok, so I discussed it with my dad, and decided to give this place four stars ( I was going to give it five stars, but he convinced me that it wasn't 'special' enough to get five stars and then I decided that I would need to go again before making that decision. Anyway, I met my dad here for lunch yesterday at around 11:30 and the place had some customers, but wasn't crazy busy. We sat outside, and that was very nice. We decided to split the caesar salad with chicken and the chicken sandwich with the goat cheese and fig jam. The caesar was really good, the dressing tasted excellent and was tossed perfectly, and the chicken was also very flavorful, but the whole thing still had a light quality to it. It was tasty. The sandwich was also very good. I could taste each ingredient, which I like, the bread was good, crispy but soft at the same time, and the combo of flavors was really great. Also, the service was excellent, my water was never empty. So I would most definitely come back here. I just think I need to try dinner here and some more complex dishes than what I got before I can give it five stars, but honestly, as far as sandwich places go, I liked this very much, better than pane bianco.
2	The food at this place was very good, that's the most positive thing I can say.We called ahead to order and when we arrived, we stood and waited and waited and waited to be helped or asked if we needed anything. Wait staff walked by us (about 4 or 5 separate waiters, to be exact) and the hostess walked by three times without saying anything.Finally, another couple showed up for service and they were asked if they needed anything before we were !!Even though our money is the same as everyone else's, I can only assume there was a reason we were ignored.We won't be going back
3	This is one of the prettiest outdoor dining locations in the valley, right smack dab in the middle of Tempe. The food is quite good. I regularly order the special and am always please...honestly the food is top notch. Unfortunately Tricks is slow. I come for lunch regularly and occasionally for dinner, but only when I have time to burn. This drives me a little crazy...at this price point I'd like my waitstaff to be a little more tuned into their customers and the standard approach should not be that people are coming to your restaurant for a long, European style sit and talk all afternoon meal. I would eat here more often if I felt that it was possible to get in and out. The service is quite good...just too meandering.
5	Since I moved to the Valley in August I have been on a journey to find the greatest locations with nice, quiet, laid-back atmospheres and House of Tricks quickly became one of my favorites. As a singer, I need places that are quiet and chill to go get a drink so naturally I quickly latched onto House of Tricks as a favorite for an evening drink. The bar itself is a very unique treat: outdoors in the round with trees built-in as part of the bar rather than torn down! When dining, a majority of the seating appears to be outdoors (which is fine because it has a fantastic patio) but I have sat inside and it is a wonderfully intimate atmosphere; built out of what appears to be a very old house-turned-restaurant. Very cool! I had a fantastic glass of wine and a Scottish Salmon that was served to perfection. Bravi to the staff of House of Tricks for creating a truly unique establishment that is sure to create regulars out of wanderers!Keep singing,-Jerron
4	The scallops appetizer are AMAZING, actually everything was amazing. The food and service were great, no complaints. The atmosphere was very nice as well. It is a great date spot to take that special someone. I recommend trying this place if you have not already!
4	This is a cute place to dine on a nice afternoon when the weather is bearable outside. Nestled inside a tree (so it seems) is a friendly service restaurant with a unique and relaxing dining atmosphere; from the huge outdoor fire pit to the bar inside a second tree! The food was delish and they actually put real rasberries inside my ice tea!! Amazing!!!
5	Charming, wonderful, delicious.  Unique patio dining experience in the evening.
5	Kelly Fletcher is by far the best chef in Arizona, and every time I go there I am amazed by both the creativity and precision of his cooking. If you like Elements, T. Cooks, Kai, FnB, and Vincents then House of Tricks is an absolute must.
3	The place has nice ambiance and it is very  romantic. The place does not have that great of food for the price.  VERY over Price
4	Great food, beautiful restaurant, slow service.Went here with a group, it's a beautiful restaurant and the menu and food are great. My only complaint was very slow service. Also, we ordered a starter and never got it and had to ask for it again...since the waiter forgot. A forgiveable offense since all of the food was amazing.
5	I absolutely love this place.  They have a great menu selection and the food is always excellent. Plan to drop some money though to have the full experience.  It is worth it- the food won't disappoint. Some of the best food one can hope for in Tempe and it rivals PHX and Scottsdale, and saves us the drive :)  We celebrated Vday here and sat out by the fire.  The food is certainly 5 star.  We had a good waiter and didn't mind the slower pace of the evening.  Gave us plenty of time to talk!
5	Ambiance, excellent food, a great selection of fine liquor. It is hard to get better than House of Tricks. One of Tempe's gems that we can all hope will not be gentrificated out of existence (I'm looking at you Tempe City Council!). This little setup of a yard between two little houses holding a bar between them is truly a place of solace in the valley. It always seems to be cool at Tricks (probably because they smartly close for most of the summer). I have been here for lunches, nights of drinking, a wedding reception and even a fancy work dinner party. They seem to be able to deliver on the small or large scale with aplomb and style. Truly a feat to be lauded down the block from Mill where those words have little meaning. Be sure to go on a winter night when they have the fireplace going. It feels like you are transported to somewhere that has winters!
4	House of Tricks was a frequent on my rotation when I worked in this area. I love the ambiance this historic house provides and in a way that makes me forget that I'm in the heart of a college town. House of Tricks slightly reminds me of a restaurant I'd find in Berkley, CA or LA. It's charming, open and has plenty of seating outside. The food here is basic luncheon food such as tasty sandwiches. My favorite go-to sandwich when I visit is the Tuna. The sandwiches are hefty but it's really about the atmosphere when I visit. I will always remember the time I was eating lunch with my sister when the red hat ladies (a group here in Phoenix) walked in and overtook the restaurant. They were so cute in their red hats and they really made me realize that the House of Tricks is your quintessential "ladies who lunch" restaurant to Tempe. I suggest that everyone tries this absolutely charming restaurant for lunch sometime.
5	What a hip spot to grab a refreshing glass of white complemented with a seared sashimi salad. The staff was extremely friendly and they were there at all the right times. Everything that you are doing, keep doing it.
3	6/1/11I finally made it to HoT for happy hour!  Parking is in the back- be careful parking anywhere else, as your car might get towed.  There are misters for those who like eating outside.  Since I've only been here once, and I had to eat at the bar area for happy hour, I don't know what the noise level is indoors, but it certainly seems nice in there, if not a bit cramped.  A big minus for me is that smoking is allowed outside, so I'm hoping to secure a table indoors on my next visit.Ordered the only cocktail on the menu that uses ginger liqueur (sorry, but I forgot the name), and really liked it!  It tasted light and refreshing, but packed quite a punch, so be careful-- it went down very smoothly and very fast!  Happy hour knocked off only $1, down to $9, so I suppose it's good that the bartender had a heavy hand.  ;)  As for my entree, I had the Roasted poblano, artichoke, and spinach dip, which came w/ both crostini and water crackers.  Skip the water crackers (they felt stale when I bit into them, and they're very bland) and stick w/ the crispy, nicely-toasted, and olive oil-drizzled crostini.  I did, and I ate the entire thing!  (Well, minus the water crackers.)  The base was very creamy, yet also chunky (I love foods that layer on many textures!), and I really appreciated the heat that the roasted poblanos brought to this dish.  From the moment I took that first bite, I thought that  this dish was different from any other spinach and artichoke dips I've ever tried.  Try it if you're into s/a dips, and let me know what you think of this one!The rest of the menu sounds great, but can get very pricey (salads and soups, $6-10; starters, $10-19; and entrees, $20-32).  Will try to return for lunch!
5	Great ambiance, excellent food, and great wine/beer selection.  Who said that mill ave. isn't classy?  Service is good and the cool part is that you can bring your dog here as well (back courtyard seating).
2	I really hate to give such a poor star rating because I really like the idea of this place.  The restaurant is so unique and I absolutly love the outdoor seating.  The atmosphere is very romantic and intimate.  The problem I have with this place is the unconsistency of the food.  The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.  So imagine my surprise when our food this last visit was very sub par.  My boyfriend took me here for my bday dinner and the only really memorable part of the experience was the AMAZING wine choice our very knowledgable waiter suggested.  My boyfriend ordered the short ribs; I'm not sure if it was just a bad cut but it was over 50% fat.  I ordered the bacon wrapped tuna; it didnt seem that the tuna was marinated or seasoned at all, and overall the plate was simply uninteresting. The atmosphere and service here is great, but our last dining experience will probably keep us from ever returning.  For the quality of food we recieved, we were robbed.  It's never a good experience paying $200 for a dinner and feeling completly unsatisfied.  Sorry Tricks.
4	Delicious sandwiches, salads, and burgers for lunch.  In addition to the standard sodas you would find as non-alcoholic refreshments, they have a great iced tea that is made with muddled fresh raspberries.  I had the special for the day which was the salmon burger.  It was quite possibly the best salmon burger I've had.  It was clearly made with fresh salmon, made from scratch, rather than a mass-produced patty found in the freezer section.  The salmon itself was tender, and flavorful.  I also tried some of the fruit and chicken salad, which was equally good, and very refreshing.The only thing I wasn't too thrilled about was that it seemed like there was no A/C in the restaurant, and that the only cooling system they had were ceiling fans, which makes for a very warn environment, especially in the heat of summer!
3	Decent upscale place in Tempe.  Great ambiance outdoors on the patio.  Service is very sketchy...sometime good, sometimes bad, never great.
5	Food is so amazing as well as their drinks.  Brought my in-laws here and they were impressed.  Dress nice.
1	The House of Tricks is aptly named. They have a box full of "tricks" to get you in the door along with many to make sure that you don't return. Don't be fooled! This clever house of tricks keeps their way over priced, mediocre food and horrible service well hidden until you, and your wallet, have already be taken. Quite the slight of hand!!I made the mistake of taking my family there for my wife's birthday (6 of us altogether). After sitting for 15 minutes we were greeted by Ben who immediately let us know through his inaction and disinterest that this was going to be a long night of "no service". Ben didn't need to be concerned, though-he was getting his tip no matter what he did, or didn't do for this table. Our choice should have been Burger King for the service, if nothing else. Sorry, no disrespect to those who wear the crown ;-). The bottom line-the House of Tricks has THE WORST SERVICE in Arizona!!! Their overpriced food features barely palatable dishes and the portions are small. If you eat there don't expect any "wow" from the food. The only "wow" you will get is when you see the bill!!In this economy Arizona has seen the doors of many restaurants shut. We don't need a magic door at the House of Tricks, but we do need it to close!!!
5	Wow, I had to write a review because of the scathing one star review I saw.  Sounds like that poor man really hit House of Tricks on a bad night.  His has not been my experience, so I felt compelled to share.I will also state that observing the dates of the reviews, it does seem that perhaps House of Tricks is experiencing some inconsistent service issues.  I certainly hope that they hit this page, and fix their inconsistencies, because it has been a great place.I am from Ohio and have had the pleasure to eat at HoTs twice.  The first was in 2005.  I was taken there by a bank during a business trip.  We were a group of eight.  We ate at a large round table outside, which in my opinion is the only place to eat.  Honestly, I have never been inside HoTs.They have a full bar outside, high-top tables and bar seating which is  open (non-reserved) seating.  There are misters that cool the Tempe air to a comfortable temperature.  As a couple of other reviewers mentioned it is an intimate and romantic atmosphere.  The dress is very casual, you could go with shorts and t-shirts, but most wear business professional clothing which would be more appropriate for the atmosphere.My experience in 2005 was excellent.  The service was attentive, the food was AMAZING!  All eight of us thoroughly enjoyed our dishes.  Their wine selection is very good, and the bar drinks are very generous and their liquor selection is great.So last October 2010 my dad and I had flown to Salt Lake City on business and were stranded by the airline in PHX.  I was SO EXCITED!!  My father LOVES restaurants like HoTs, so I was set on taking him there.  I called to see if they had a table for two and found out they were booked.  The hostess told me that they had three high top tables at the outdoor bar that were first come first served, they were open, and if we didn't wait too long one of them could be ours.  My dad was kind of tired, and really just wanted to stay at the hotel, but I wasn't taking no for an answer.  We hailed a cab and off we went.  I was so hoping that it had not changed and the food would be as good as it was five years before and I was not disappointed.  Better yet, my dad LOVED it!  It was just as I remembered.  Great menu selections, creative and inventive dishes which were well executed.  Wonderful mixed drinks, great wine selection.  I don't usually eat dessert, but we both ordered desserts which were wonderful and perfectly sized.The staff was wonderful, the hostess kept stopping by our table just randomly to ask if we were having a good time, and checking to see if we needed anything.  I believe she was the one I spoke to on the phone, and she also greeted us when we arrived.  I explained to her that I had been there five years before and was so excited to be able to bring my dad.  She really went out of her way to make us feel welcome.I have told many friends about HoTs, and I really hope to get back there someday soon.
4	House of Tricks is a very chill place to go.They have a really good food menu along with small but quality wine list.The food menu is a little bit on the pricey side, but the quality is good and the options are unique. The food winners are bacon wrapped ahi tuna, orange juice marinated chicken, and bbq braised short ribs with chipotle-watermelon bbq sauce.They have a very nice outside seating area and this is a really cool place to take a date.Good food, unique menu, and great atmosphere, gives House of Tricks four stars.
4	I went here last night with a friend of mine after a long break of simply forgetting how close House of Tricks was located to me. The ambiance and table setup strike a nice mix of casual and refinement. you're going to be comfortable there whoever you are. The server Jessica was a pleasure and seemed to guess right that I was on a date, so she acted accordingly which was a nice touch...you know, adding a little more formality and checking in frequently with suggestions to the wine and drink list. She suggested the green thing and freaky squirrel for cocktails and they were both very good. We had the pork belly appetizer which was very tender and complimented the large bread basket well. We skipped getting a salad which was good idea because the entrees were surprisingly large cuts of meat. I had the Grilled Beef Tenderloin which was exceptional. I suggest when the server asks you how you want it cooked, to just let the chef decide at a place like this. It was perfect. The other entree was the double pork chops still on the bone and it was beyond tender and flavorful. Easily the best pork chop I've tasted and my date couldn't finish it all if that gives you an idea on the portion. Both were served with mashed potatoes and asparagus. The asparagus was cooked properly but the mashed potatoes could probably have used some cream in them, not bad but i'm picky on simple sides like that. The biggest thumbs up I can give is that the steak arrived hot. If you get steaks/cuts of meat at restaurants, you know this to be one of the most anticipated moments and i'm usually very disappointed, but not this time. The food was promptly brought and it makes a difference. The biggest let down of the meal was the dessert, We ordered the doughnuts and they were more like flavorless hush puppies. A bit too dense and overcooked, these doughnuts just didn't do it for me but my date seemed to enjoy them. The desserts at other people's tables looked really good and the remorse of not getting the peanut butter infused treat also probably played a part in my not loving the doughnuts. The price is pretty much on par with any upscale steak place, while some people might not understand that given the location is an older house setting, you have to embrace that you're paying for the peace of mind that you're not in a cheesy setting and you're still getting 4-5 star service and food. That's a big deal if you're a foodie or appreciate what matters in my opinion. That being said, If you're showing up for dinner and you plan on having a few drinks, you should probably be prepared to spend around $130 or so. Pretty reasonable considering your only other option in the area is cafe boa for something similar. Again, props to the server, Jessica- she was really helpful and fun. I considered a 5 star review, but decided to hold off until another visit to confirm how much i enjoyed dinner.
5	Outside bar seating is perfect for martinis and appetizers!
4	I liked House of Tricks from the get go when the hostess let us be choosy with where we sat on the patio. They have a great selection of signature drinks. I went along with our servers recommendation the Green Thing and my date got the Frisky Squirrel. We were both happy with our choices. I loooooove pork belly, and their appetizer was delicious. It was a smaller portion which made it hard to share because I wanted it all! I followed with the pork chop and he got the beef tenderloin. Again, we were not disappointed. For dessert we ordered the donuts which were probably my least favorite part of the meal. Not bad, but not great.Our server was attentive and helpful and I really liked the atmosphere. I will definitely be back.
4	Wow. Great food, service and atmosphere. Cheese plate, shorts ribs, and bread quite good.
4	This is certainly one of the better places in Tempe and the courtyard area is quite a nice place if the weather isn't crazy hot. I ate lunch here and I was impressed with how one of the managers was educating the staff about the wine specials for the day and he had an impressive knowledge of many things that just aren't generally imparted to wait staff at most places (he went off into detail about microbes in the soil of South Africa giving wine certain flavors etc).   I enjoyed the flank steak I got for lunch except it was a very small portion and flank steak just isn't the best cut of meat to do very much with.  I inspected the dinner menu and it looked to have some very promising items on it that would certainly be worth checking out but the prices increased substantially for the dinner entrees.  I certainly think this would be a great place just to enjoy some great wine with friends.
4	I like the unique atmosphere of this place. but I don't like the space inside, quite cramped to accommodate their guests who like to be there.. outside seems nicer than inside, but the day I visited there was very cold.The big amount of food is good to share with your friends. and quite "OKAY" wine list.   It will be GREAT if you could go with your friends or family in the nice weather.
2	Overpriced, mediocre food, uninformed and disinterested service. Will not return.
1	This has always been a favorite of ours for dinner before an event at Gammage, so this isn't the first time we have been here, but it will be the last. Seriously. While I have never been overly impressed with House of Tricks, my girlfriend has, and the atmosphere is pretty nice. For me, the food has always been just ok, not bad, but not anything special in this city of really good restaurants. The service in the past has always been pretty good, but Saturday night was a whole different story from the bottom to the top. We had reservations for 5:15 for a 7:30 show at Gammage. Plenty of time, right? Well, it wasn't. We showed up 5:15 and were seated about 5:30. Crowded? Not really. We spied about a half dozen empty tables. There was a line at the hostess station, and it was obvious it was a first night of work for someone, or maybe a couple of their first nights. It took almost 5 minutes for them to seat parties even though there were a lot of empty tables. So, about 10 minutes later, a young woman approached us and said she was not our server, but that she would bring us some water. She asked if we were going to Gammage, and we said yes. The server would be told this, we were assured. About 5:45 we ordered a bottle of wine when our water arrived. It showed up about 5:55. Upon opening the wine, a server knocked my glass of water into my lap. Really, not that big of a deal at the time, as I was wearing black pants, and accidents happen. Our actual server finally showed up, and we told her we were now in a bit of a hurry, since it was now about 6:00. No problem. We ordered three Caesar salads and a bowl of soup, and our entrees. By the time the salads arrived at 6:20, we knew we might be in trouble on time, but the server told us that the kitchen knew that we needed to leave soon for the play. 5:50 soon rolled around, and we knew there was no way for us to stay and eat. When we informed the server, she said our meals still weren't ready anyway. She kept blaming the kitchen. The manager (?) apologized, and said he would comp the salads and cup of soup. Big of him. The wine was a $42 bottle of wine they paid $20 for. He should have comped it, too. Really, we weren't looking for anything free here, but he made sure that we weren't ever coming back, and he could have prevented that by making a gesture for the water in my lap and the overall bad service. Not only have they lost our patronage, but we brought friends along from out of town who come into town for events at Gammage, and their feelings were the same. To be honest, there are just way too many good restaurants in town to be treated this way and just to be told they were sorry. This place has a great atmosphere and decent food. That's not enough anymore in this day and age. Someone mentioned in another review that House of Tricks seems to be having some issues with service around this time-frame. It is unfortunate that it happens to anyone, but for us its unacceptable.
4	This is a great location both for lunch or for dinner when you want to impress someone, whether a date or your mom! The food is amazing and I love that the menu changes a few times a year. The service is not the best but the atmosphere definitely makes up for it!
4	Went for a business lunch and had the banh mi which was very good. The waiter wasn't very attentive, but overall, I would recommend.
5	You must try the salmon salad with risotto cake!  I dream of it every day since....The food was excellent, service great and ambiance very cozy on the terrace.
4	I've eaten at HOT for a holiday party as well as for dinner. Filet mignon was perfectly cooked on both occasions. The warm bread with "special" butter is a great starter.Patio setting is great. Pretty garden with overgrown trees.Excellent service.
3	I used to work nearby and I've only been to House of Tricks for lunch, and it's a nice change of pace from the "corporatized" sea of chain restaurants in the Tempe area. The patio seating when the weather is nice can't be beat. I'm not overwhelmed over anything I've had at Tricks, but I can always find something interesting on the menu to try and like the iced tea with raspberries. Service has been hit or miss, it's very random.
1	I did not have a good experience here...Our waiter dropped a ramekin of balsamic vinegar on the floor by our table, which splashed all over my leather boots, jacket and pants and shirt.  Instead of getting something to clean it up, our server was preoccupied with the older ladies behind us- which were not hit but whining about their desserts.   Our food got cold while wiping up the mess- because it was everywhere.  I get that this stuff happens, but the lack of care was very surprising.  I served tables for 7 years and I would have been fired if I acted like that to a guest.  My very expensive jacket was ruined...you cannot get vinegar off fabric and when I told them that, the staff acted like I was crazy.  The owner tried to replace my jacket with a cheaper one. I give her credit, she did try to make it right.  Anyways, my cold food was not that great and the experience really sucked.
3	There are many tricks here,  a great garden patio and a fancy mystique. Some how this tricks people to over look the mediocre food and poor service.I made a online reservation for Sat night, however upon arrival I found that was not necessary as they were not full. We started with the Ahi watermelon salad $13. It has 3 small slices of sashimi and 8 blocks of watermelon with some greens and a wasabi glaze. It was good but very very small.For our mains we had a Potato chip wrapped wild sea bass on a plat of beans and sauce $30. The Fish was bit over cooked and too firm, the beans and sauce lacked much flavor. We also had the Goat Cheese veggie  Lasagna $20, While it did look nice topped with Julianned squash and a nice swoosh of pesto on the plate, it was nothing special. The bread comes with a sweet butter which is nice. We had some wine by the glass that was decently priced for the environment.Overall it was an impressive place for a date however the food did not impress.
3	Pretty good. Not spectacular enough to come back. Maybe for HH. The service was meh! Waiter did not know the food nor the wine list. He was not upscale waiter material by any means, more like Keanu Reeves trying to serve. "Whoa, need some wine dude?" I Had to send him back to the chef to ask about food Ingredients . Had no idea. Thats no good when average prices for plates are around $25. Small portions for the price. I know it is upscale cuisine but I was starving after my $29 meal. The herbed butter with bread was too powerful. Should be a subtle flavor. It was good but not worth going back to IMO.
3	The amazing patio and fuzzy ambience of House of Trick is what boosted my rating to 3 full stars. Refreshing, relaxing reprieve. Beautiful space, inside and out. But that's as far as my stars went here.So far, the food has been ok at best. And I don't want to pay that much for just ok. First experience - the online menu didn't match the actual menu. I placed a to-go order for what the website stated was a Southwest Tapas platter, and the person over the phone did not correct me. I was just handed a box containing falafel, tzatziki and something else mediterranean with very (and I mean VERY) stale pita. I like falafal, but I didn't think I was ordering it. And I didn't like this falafel. Then I went for lunch. The food was alright, not great. The patio was magnificent, the service was mag...horrible. The server was nice, but he also forgot about us. It was busy and I understand how that goes. I still don't think we should have had to crane our necks around for 45 minutes after finishing our meal to ask for the check. Oh well. I'd come again for the atmosphere alone, but I'll stick to wine and a snack.
4	This place is just adorable and fantastic. Surprised the wonderful bf here for his bday dinner and they had us seated in a nice little romantic corner in the garden :) Everything we had was soo good and we really enjoyed the fruit and cheese platter they have as an appetizer and went awesome with our champagne :)  The menu is creative and from what I hear does change often which is very cool. Can't wait to go back!
1	I came to House of Tricks for a birthday dinner for a friend this past Saturday night. Upon entering the place actually looked pretty cool, the patio had a nice ambiance about it. There was bird poo on our table and the staff quickly ran to grab new table linens. We assured them that it was really no big deal (we are not the dramatic nor the uppity type) and we put one of the table candles over it. As I sat down with the first 6 of my 11 person party. we waited a slightly longer than normal amount of time for anything other than water. while we waited for the  rest of our guests to arrive, we ordered appetizers. food was alright, nothing to write home about. Our remaining 5 guests arrived, and we ordered our entrees and ate our meal. NOW THE PROBLEMS BEGIN. as our waiter dropped the bill our entire table agreed that rather than making it difficult on our server and splitting the check up based on menu items, we would all be fair and just put down our cards and split evenly between 10 of us (birthday girl not included). Our server looked relieved when i told him ( I am in the resort bar industry myself, so i truly understand the hassle of splitting a check 10 ways for 10 separate meals....its just mean to do that to a server.) He arrived with the ten credit card slips and  we all signed and left on our merry way. I woke the next morning to find that my card had been charged for the split amount of $53 PLUS the ENTIRE bill amount of around $500!  I called my fellow guests and fortunately my account was the only one double (really 10 times) charged. I called the restaurant and spoke with an apologetic hostess who informed me that the owner was the only one who could handle the situation and to expect a call after 4 pm. I NEVER RECEIVED A CALL.  The hostess called later on to inform me, that since there was nothing they could do until it had processed, that I would just have to wait it out and call back later. ARE YOU KIDDING ME. As a previous bar manager myself, I would NEVER overlook such a reputation crushing mistake and pass the responsibility off on my hostess. Customer relations are YOUR job, so do it.I WILL NEVER BE BACK TO HOUSE OF TRICKS. it just goes to show you that no matter how great the food, or the presentation, if customer service doesn't excel, the reviews will suffer and that is all the guests will remember.I don't suggest anyone else go to house of tricks unless they want to pay $550 bucks for an average piece of salmon.
4	House of Tricks is located near ASU, surrounded by the hustle and bustle of the college town and the famous Mill Ave. You'd never expect to find a quaint and classy restaurant in the midst of crazy college life.  It has a garden-like patio space which also houses a fire place to keep its guests warm during some of the chilly Arizona nights.  The restaurant serves a mixture of Euro and Asian cuisine with obvious French preparation techniques.  With all the influence, I guess that's why it's labeled "American", because it's a melting pot.   The menu changes every season based on availability of fresh ingredients.  Supplement your meal with a wide selection of wine. During our visit in the summer, they had an Ahi-Tuna, its wrapped in bacon and dressed in a miso based glazed. This probability will raise some eyebrows at first, until that first bite. The combination works really well.  The tender texture of the Ahi-Tuna complimented the smoky and salty flavor of the bacon.  The miso horseradish glazes is just what the dished needed to bring the flavors together.   Also on the summer menu was the tenderloin, cooked medium rare with a bacon-fig gastrique. The steak was cooked spot on. The bacon-fig gastrique was just a perfect balance of sweet and sour taste, complementing the meat. All of the ingredient was fresh; the servers are friendly and for the most part knowledgeable of the food.  The price is on the higher side with an average entre costing over $30. However they do serve an amazing lunch menu at a very reasonable price, a perfect spot to enjoy lunch and the AZ sun under the garden patio.Come out the quaint French influence restaurant and try all their seasonal dishes, you won't be disappointed.  I went back a few times afterwards and was able to get great results.
3	I like the atmosphere , it seems familiar but it's not . We tried the lunch special that was an open faced green chili meatloaf sandwich and the grilled salmon salad . Both dishes came out pretty as a picture with the food stacked high .The meatloaf sandwich had mashed potatoes over the bread and a tasty cole slaw on top of the meatloaf . Unfortunately the potatoes were very over mixed and were extremely gummy .The salmon salad overall was good and I am not sure if I didn't like the chive risotto cake or maybe the flavor of it clashed with the citrus dressing .Service was fine .I would come back again but I am not in a hurry .
4	i been there a few times for lunch n i gotta say the food is awesome, i had the asian bbq chicken sandwich with the pickle veggies n i got in love :) the restaurant decor is very nice it makes you feel like you were at grandmas house, the patio seating is amazing when the weather gets nice .... i cant wait to go n try dinner.
3	We had lunch here yesterday. It's been a while since we have been here but we were not disappointed. I had the chicken breast pasta dish and Susan had a Reuben. The patio is always nice and the waitress was kind enough to make sure we stayed warm by moving another heater next to us, too bad she didn't smile much. The service and food were very good. The house wine was also very good for $6 a glass but the pour seemed a little on the skimpy side. I'm sure we will go back again.
4	Our annual Christmas gift ornament was held  at the House of Tricks.  I loved the outside patio.  6 of us sat near a heat lamp and it was perfect.  The service was a little slow and she refilled one of our drinks wrong, but that is OK.  She fixed it right away.  I ordered the Oven Roasted Turkey Club (Brown Sugar Bacon, Tomato, Avocado, Havarti, and Honey-Dijonaise) on Sourdough served with Tri-Color Pasta Salad.  The sandwich was great, especially the crunch of the brown sugar bacon.  YUM!  The Tri-Color Pasta Salad was ok, because it had onions.  Not too fond of onions.  Overall it is 3-1/2 stars, but the patio seating bumped it up to 4 stars.
4	Sometimes when you work to fast you get a better result than you expected.  My husband and I were headed to see the Insight Bowl and watch our alma mater.  We had some friends in town and were meeting some people.  He asked me to "yelp" something on Mill about 1 minute before we left for the game.  So, we headed to House of Tricks thinking it was going to be a really great bar.... maybe a coyote ugly type place given the name!  However, this place is like going to an excellent attorney named Bambi. We were amazed by the atmosphere cute house, super patio, and very elegant with linen table clothes.  The service was very helpful, thanks Ben.  So, when we began to order we didn't want a three course meal.  So we ordered for seven of us a few entrees to split.  We had Korean ribs, pumpkin goat cheese ravioli, a cheese plate, and two of their pizzas (note you can only order these in the bar).  Then I asked Ben if we were missing anything and he said the pork loin was very good.  Ummmm, it was the best I have ever had.  It was cooked to perfection with a nice fruit compote over blue cheese bacon scalloped potatoes.  Really, one of the best meals I have had in Phoenix.  I see House of Tricks moving up to a five star for me.  I just couldn't commit on the first visit.
4	The menu is creative and absolutely delish. I love the service and ambiance as well.  I frequent for lunch and dinner and have never had a substandard meal.  A bit pricey but that is relative. Both Pres Obama and I love this place but don't let that keep you from dining here.  Great for schmoozing clients (...or politicians). ;-D    Just gotta try it.
4	Tricks has made a name for itself based on quality dishes and prime date-night atmosphere. I came for my first visit during happy hour on a Thursday with a group of coworkers. We sat at a table near the outdoor bar and I positively love the patio. What a gorgeous view. It has a lovely feeling about it, and it's relaxed. For happy hour, they have a drink menu with some exquisite, albeit, pricey choices. I chose a Frisky Squirrel or something of a similar silly name and it definitely boasts a tasty, fresh ginger flavor. We also ordered some bites from the 4-6 p.m. Monday-Saturday menu: pizza with fennel sausage (for $3 more), chicken wings, bruschetta with goat cheese, and mussels. HOLY MACKEREL, the mussels came in a scrumptious broth that we all fought after-- there was a tomato, fishy, sodium-licious broth that they came in and we dunked our extra pieces of bread in it until the bowl was dry.  The bruschetta? Perfectly acceptable. The pizza? I have some qualms. I could have made this pizza myself. There was nothing special about it-- the sausage was baked in the cheese on top of the pizza, which would make Bianco cringe, and drowned the fennel flavor in cheese and tomatoes. Meh. The chicken wings were the perfect mix of baked and flavorful goodness. I highly recommend ordering these. I would come back for a nice date or a happy hour again and I am really excited to finally enjoy this Tempe gem.
4	The restaurant was pricey, but each bite of food was tastier than the last. The 4 people in our party claimed they would order exactly the same thing next time, they love it so much. (salmon, roast chicken {sounds pedestrian, don't you believe it}, pork loin, and filet mignon) The delicious spring mix salad included a dollop of goat cheese I wanted to main line. We were too full for dessert so I have no idea the quality of them.This review would be 5 star were it not for our table and the wait staff. I do not like my order taken by one person and delivered by several others. Our waitress checked back once but I really didn't feel taken care of. Our table was abysmal, the view was BOTH into the kitchen and both bathrooms. I had made reservations for a special birthay celebration well over a week in advance, they could have done better.
3	The peanut butter injected choco molten lava cake was the best. 2nd was the mousse and 3rd the bread pudding (not that they were that great). I can't really remember the food but I do remember a cat and a pretty garden setting. Atmosphere is nice, the server was great but nothing amazing about the expensive food.
4	House of Tricks is one of my favourite restaurants. I've only stopped here for lunch, so I have no idea what dinner's like, but I'm sure it's just as good an experience. This place always offers fresh options daily, and I never find myself looking at the same menu whenever I come here, which is great! I'm impressed every time I order. I've taken friends and family to this restaurant, and they feel the same about the food here, so that's a plus. The food here is a fusion of many different cultures, and every time, the chefs make it work. I once had a chicken burger with oaxaca cheese and miscellaneous toppings with fried okra, and I've never been able to find a chicken burger that was treated the same way. I also ordered a grilled salmon with a spring salad on top, and despite it being farm-raised salmon, it was still flavourful and complimented the salad very well. All their food is presented gorgeously, and the service is also some of the best I've experienced.
5	I went here for the first time the other night, and it was fantastic. The food was awesome. Perfectly cooked and wonderfully seasoned, and with interesting and unique flavor combinations. Our table had a starter of the cheese and fruit plate, which contained a nice variety of items and was big enough for all four of us to have our fill. For my entree I had pan-seared cod with arugula, new potatoes, and beets. It was accompanied with a horseradish cream sauce that was just amazing. I couldn't get over how wonderful each component tasted. I think it was the first time I ever said to myself, "these beets taste great!" My dessert was a peanut-butter filled lava cake with ice cream, and I was so full by that point I could barely finish it.. but believe me, I forced myself to. It was that good.Additionally, their cocktails are awesome. I had the cherry cherry boom boom, and while a bit silly to say the name, it was worth it. The taste was like cherry ice cream with a kick. It actually gave me a slight buzz, so there was plenty of alcohol in it. Which is good, since the cocktails cost quite a bit each. I had a sip of one of my dinner mate's frisky squirrel cocktail, which was also delicious. The service was great. Our waiter was friendly and attentive. We ate on the patio area, on a table in the corner, and the atmosphere was very cozy at night. One of the house kitties hung around our table being very personable. I think that cat knows the deal very well, because as soon as our plates were delivered, it came over and immediately began meowing and begging for scraps. Of course we had to oblige, just a little.. ;)I think the only complaint I have is that the plates they serve the food on are a little big for the tables they have, as all four of our plates, cocktails, glasses of water, and other things, just barely fit on the table with some maneuvering (such as moving the flower vase off our table). But that's pretty nitpicky and didn't take away from my enjoyment. I'll definitely be back!
4	I went here this past weekend for lunch with a large group of girls. We were very pleased with the service, food, and sangria! They were able to accommodate our party of 10 with no issues. The really friendly waitress even separated our bill for us even though they don't normally do that. The food was fantastic! Everyone loved everything that they ordered. Only thing that was a downer was their cat that ran around. I'm allergic and the cat running around was bothersome. Also, no parking, metered parking all the way.
3	The setting is quite enjoyable and oozes romance but the food is unremarkable, in my opinion.
5	Once again a great Valentines at House of Tricks.  Food delicious, our server Michael was great.
4	I have been to House of Tricks on a few different occasions, during different times of the year, both for lunch and dinner.  All three times I have been impressed with the food.  This is a place I feel comfortable being a little more adventurous than usual as everything has been delicious.  The patio is amazing.  You completely forget that you are only steps away from drunken college students and the main drag of bars.  I swear, this patio somehow transports me to a different place until I walk out of the gate and remember where I am.The only "eh" part about House of Tricks has been hit or miss service.  The very first time I went, our server was absolutely terrible - not even greeting our table for about 15 minutes (and no, this is not an exaggeration).  On the visits since then it has been much better (although it was very easy to improve from the low bar set the first time).  There have been a few instances in which I wish my server was a little more attentive but overall, not too shabby.This is definitely a place I will return to again and again.  And order whatever catches my eye, because I know it will be delicious!
5	We went to celebrate a special occasion here.  My friend from work had highly recommended it for any type of special dinner, so my husband and I thought we'd try it.  I had passed this place many, many times while attending ASU and I had never one stepped foot in to it, but had always seen a great outdoor dining area always full of people that seemed to be enjoying what we now know is great cuisine!We arrived for dinner without any reservations on a weekend and were seated within 5 or so minutes.  It was great weather, so we had ideal seating outside on the W side of the seating area.. lots of small faint lighting amongst a dark night, a perfect setting for an intimate dinner (though there were others around us not dining so intimately).  Our server was friendly, prompt, and gave us the full description of menu items, wines, etc.  I had an amazing lamb shank and my husband's game-meat was absolutely flavorful!  Every ingredient and combination seemed like it was well thought out and then executed by skilled cooks in to beautiful dishes that were both exciting and still recognizable.There was this adorable (and I am certainly not a cat kinda gal) cat that kept brushing up against our legs.. I rubbed her belly a bit and found out she was the restaurant's pet.. kinda silly.. but sweet at the same time.  I recommend this place for great food and a nice, relaxing night atmosphere... I'm sure I will pick this place again for a future romantic affair.
4	Very nice dining experience.  The use of former old residences makes for a cozy, fun atmosphere.  Great for a quiet date.  Went in the evening, enjoyed a well-cooked dinner and dessert and good service.  Would definitely recommend for a special occasion.
4	To celebrate a business venture, our team headed to House of Tricks for lunch. They had a nice selection of appetizers and beers. Everyone enjoyed their food, I had the chicken chipotle pasta. I would recommend this place to a friend.
5	The name is so misleading, because this is the most charming dining spot I've ever eaten! I dined here for lunch with a friend and was blown away by everything about it. First, it's location is tucked away near ASU campus in a quiet little neighborhood. It appears to be a converted home built in the early 1900's and lots of beautiful mature trees and plants growing in their huge, and I mean huge outdoor patio area. I only dined outside, but honestly with such beautiful weather 9 months out of the year here, why would you dine any other way! The service was excellent! The staff was extremely attentive and always checked up on me while I drank water and waited a while for my friend. The menu was amazing. I never once read a menu that I wanted to try everything on here. They had a huge variety of dishes at what I can only describe as American/French fusion. It all looked so divine. And from what I've been told, their menu changes frequently to new seasonal dishes. So I can't wait to see what they offer when I return. I went simple with my meal having this delicious quiche, fresh fruit and a cup of their corn chowder soup. The soup was so rich and creamy, I could have ordered and ate a whole trough! It was that good. The fruit was clean, well portioned and fresh. I'm very particular with fruit, and hate when the fruit looks soggy and overly ripened. And the quiche was heavenly as well. Just the right amount of ham and tomatoes with alot of flavor.Since I was here for lunch only, the prices were reasonable. I've heard at dinner it can get expensive.This was an unforgettable dining experience and recommend this to everyone to try at least once.
5	Understaffed...but they nailed it! Perfect food and atmosphere right off Mill. I will definitely frequent this place.
4	For the longest time, I wondered what trick this place must have been using to be so successful in such an odd location.  When I was a student at ASU I walked past House of Tricks on my way from Campus to Mill Ave countless times, and I always thought it was out of place.  While even as a student I could appreciate the beauty of a house converted into a restaurant with an amazing garden patio as its setting, it just seemed odd that a such a fancy restaurant was hidden on small street, just feet from a college campus, surrounded by parking meters and pay lots.  Now that I have eaten at House of Ticks, I understand its charm.A while back, my girlfriend mentioned that she had a great happy hour at at this place  with friends some years ago.  She couldn't remember the name, but based on her description I instantly knew she was talking about House of Tricks.  So, when we went to see "Wicked" at Gammage (great show, by the way) for her birthday, I decided it would be the perfect place to dine before seeing the show.  Turns out that's what a lot of people do.  The server even asked if we were heading to the show, so he knew to get us out with time to spear.  We also happened to overhear another server mentioned that about 90% of their customers on a given night were heading over to Gammage.The food is quite pricy, but very tasty.  I had the Ancho Chili Seared Ahi.  The orange-chipotle honey aioli had a good kick.  The white bean chili had a unique taste.  The tuna it self was perfectly seared, but no too flavorful.  My girlfriend had a salmon dish which was amazing.  The salmon was very flavorful and cooked perfectly.  For dessert (we were celebrating a birthday, after all) we tried a brioche bread pudding.  One word: Wonderful.If you are looking for a pleasurable meal with a pleasurable ambiance, House of Tricks will do the trick.  I highly recommend it before a show at Gammage or if you are just looking a romantic night out.
5	Amazing, friendly, attentive--but not over-bearing--service on all levels.Food was well-portioned and delicious --everyone raved about the chef's creations and no one took home doggie bags. We had the steak, ravioli, salmon and two salads at our table. Great drink list with specialty beers and wine available.The atmosphere is a world unto itself - inside the renovated bungalow or outside in the lush patio - you cannot tell you're just steps off of busy Mill Avenue. It feels as though you have your own private party.I am also a coffee snob and the bartender pulled a delectable, fresh decaf espresso (hard to do!)Well worth the trip, whether you're celebrating a special occasion or just want to be spoiled by the staff and feel good as you walk away.
4	I was in Phoenix last week for a shoot, and my photographer recommended House of Tricks to me, describing it as the only really upscale restaurant in the Tempe Mill Avenue District.I wanted to order something pretty light because I had what I thought was food poisoning earlier that morning (it was diagnosed the following day as the stomach flu). I ordered one of the few vegetarian options - pumpkin goat cheese ravioli - and I have to say that I enjoyed it a lot more than I thought I would. I usually scoff at pasta entrees that cost more than $15 (this cost $22), but hey, I was on business and not footing the bill. All of the flavors worked together beautifully... the nutty pistachio-spinach pesto, the sweet blood orange balsamic, and the subtle sage creme fraiche. There was some sauteed kale underneath the ravioli; it was the perfect veggie complement to the dish. This was one of the more memorable pasta dishes I've had. If you sit outside, the candlelight is really, really weak. Be prepared to read your menu with the light from your smartphone screen.I really liked my ravioli... until my stomach flu reared its ugly head a few hours later, making me run to the closest available toilet for the next 10 hours. The ravioli coming up wasn't as good as it was going down. But if I'm ever in Phoenix again with a stronger stomach, I definitely plan on returning to try some of their meat dishes!
1	We had the worse service there this past Tuesday night.  Our waitress (can't remember her name but I remember the sour look and nasty attitude).  She even changed the amount of the tip on the final receipt!  Added $20!  I think that is against the law.  ;)  We are trying to contact the manager but they told my niece he was busy after she sat on hold for almost 10 minutes!  I have to say, I used to go there at least twice a week but moved and hadn't been there in over a year.... THIS place obviously has gone DOWN hill!!!!!!!
5	Went to House of Tricks to celebrate the following, as the following occur on weekdays for us in 2012, and the weekend is the best time for us:My Birthday on 9 AprilOur Marriage Day on 12 AprilMy wife and I celebrated both, and this was a wonderful place.  My wife got ahi tuna with a Southwest & Asian flareI ordered lamb shank with a French/Italian flareBoth were very good.  We also had a wonderful quail for our starters.  This is definitely worth it in the Mill Avenue District
5	This place is a killer find and I can't wait to go back again to try their new menu that they introduced yesterday.  We went on Monday and the place was jumping!  A group of friends and I sat at the bar and had good service, great wine (they have a very eclectic wine list) and the food was AMAZING!!!  Although the bar is a totally cool place to sit, the next time I want to sit on a patio, I'm heading here!  Great job!
3	I have a love hate relationship with this restaurant.  I have always had really delicious food, pretty exceptional service and when we go with my nieces and nephews they actually eat. Which is always a pleasant surprise.  My main fault with the restaurant is that they seem to always be booked up when we go.  The last four times we have tried to go they were completely booked for private events.  As a result I don't try and take people here anymore as we always have to scramble to pick some other place.  I have never had that happen at lunch so I think that is safe, but dinner always seems to be an issue.  So if you decide to go make sure to make reservations before you go.
2	My husband and I went to the House of Tricks last night for our 37th anniversary. I was really excited. The reviews were impressive. But,alas, I was disappointed. The hostess sat us in a quite room (which was really nice)., gave us the menus and wine list.  Our waiter came, he introduced himself, ... didn't ask if this was our first time at House of Tricks, have any questions about the menu, just  asked for our drink order and left. When he brought our drinks asked if we were ready to order, when we hesitated he said "I'll give you more time and LEFT'. A basket of cold bread was brought to us. Waiter returns and we ask him some questions about the menu, ordered soup and salad. Soup was lukewarm when it came, Salad was good. Waiter doesn't show up till we are done with this portion. He takes my salad plate, reaches across me takes the spoon that I had placed to my left and realigns the spoon on the left side of the table, takes the other fork and plops it into the plate (like I really committed a faux pas), let him know soup was only luke warm "Hmm.. sorry about that). We had several questions about items on the menu.  I don't like spicy/hot food. Those questions were answered with "You don't have to have that but no substitutions were forthcoming."Finally settled on the filet. Which was very good, the potatoes and spinach was just  ok.. nothing special. But the food was lukewarm when it was brought to us. After our meal he asked if there was anything else. We asked to see the dessert menu, I didn't have one in my little burgandy book... but they didn't sound appealing at all. THen as we were leaving I spotted a dessert tray, that actually had some good looking stuff on it.Over all I would not  recommend House of Tricks to anyone. It was mediocre at best.This will go down in the anniversary dining book as should have gone elsewhere.
5	What's not to like about this place?  This is the place to bring the one you love and watch the romance sizzle.  This is the launching pad to a very special evening.  The food changes with the seasons, the service is attentive and their wine pairings are spot on.  Sitting in the gazebo under the grape vines cannot be beat.
5	I went to the House of Tricks last night and had such a great experience I felt compelled to write my first yelp review.  I'm from Santa Barbara, Ca and have worked, dined and drank in some amazing restaurants in my hometown but also throughout the country, as I have worked in the industry for a long time.  Our meal last night challenged any past meal I've had, not only because of the playful and delicious menu, but because the ambiance and our service was top notch.  The wine our server paired for us was wonderful.  His recommendations and the way he described each varietal were spot on.  The questions about our food choices were answered with knowledge and precision.  The service throughout our meal was very attentive and personalized.  The staff was friendly, knowledgable and definitely aimed to please.The food itself was outstanding.  We all ordered different options for each course and swapped bites because we were so excited to try everything.  My favorites were the yellowtail/grapefruit starter, the black cod with truffle oil starter, the ahi entree, the short rib entree and my duck breast with an asian slaw was a playful and different way to serve my perfectly cooked duck.  This sauces were all very carefully thought out and highlighted the proteins perfectly.I should add that we were dining on the night of ASU graduation, a challenging night for any restaurant.  House of Tricks handled the night in such a calm manor.  We were seated immediately upon arrival, given an adorable corner table on the romantic patio and our server, Adam, made us feel as if we were his only table.  Next time I visit my brother in Phoenix I know where we will  be having dinner.  I can't wait to have another meal here. House of Tricks is by far my favorite restaurant in Phoenix.  Y'all should open one in Santa Barbara!
4	Pork belly with nice crust was very good, as was the duck breast in a very tasty sauce that had thai influences, using coconut milk and peppers. It's mouthwatering when i think back of it now even though it has been a few weeks since i was there. One minor point of critisism was the texture of the duck meat, which i found to be too soft. I recommend getting a seat in the yard, i was late and had a less optimal seat inside.
5	I made a reservation for 9:45 (the latest there is), but because of the boxing fight we (two people) arrived at the restaurant at 10:10, the kitchen closed already... However the manager decided to seat us anywaz n we had two orders of Filet Mignon, best steak ever! Greatttttt service!!! I would leave 10 stars if possible.. Gotta try it!! We sat at the patio on a warm spring/summer night, with their lighting and music, it was sooo romantic!
3	I really wanted to give this place five stars due to the great patio seating and the amazing rack of lamb. However, the service was unimpressive and that is really what we took away from this place. As mentioned earlier, the lamb was very good and their sole vegetarian dish of portobello tempura was good.  The desserts were hit and miss.  The PB lava cake was good but the bread pudding tasted like pancakes.  I won't bother with dessert next time.  The quality of their entrees and the atmosphere out on the patio make it a recommended place to go. I just wish the service was on par with their food and atmosphere.
1	Went for Mother's day, $48 per plate. Extremely limited vegetarian options. The waiter was either baked out of his skull or just didn't care at all. I understand holidays can be stressful on people working in restaurants but if you don't like it; get a more serious job.The patio was beautiful, the area sucks (ASU area of Tempe, I mean c'mon seriously). The main thing this restaurant has going for it is it's ambience, I would pass on the food and the service.
5	Went for Mother's Day.  Food was awesome and the waiter recommended the perfect wine.  Very impressed.
5	Excellent, excellent, excellent.  Consistently wonderful service and food.
5	I have been here a few times and had a great experience every time. The food is wonderful (creative, fancy yet totally edible), the ambiance is cozy, sophisticated and classy, and the service is spot on. The cheese plate is delicious and their happy hour is fantastic. It's pricey, but if you're looking for a classy date night or even a pretty location for lunch off Mill ave, this is your place!
5	Such a great vibe and intimate feel! Fantastic food and a lovely selection of wines!  Definitely a place that I would recommend to others!
5	a 'must dine' in Tempe!!  quaint historic property in Tempe tucked behind the hustle and bustle of Mill Ave.  The menu is a work of art.  The plate presentations are unique and appealing.  Their play on ingredients is masterful...the overgrown shade trees and string lights sets the atmosphere for the indulgent menu. Absolutely charming...one of the few historic original 'homes' in that area....look forward to dining again.  Not just a 'meal'.  but a culinary experience.  The only area I feel lacks slightly is the service.
5	I LOVE House of Tricks. I've been here a few times and always enjoy the ambiance, food, drinks, and staff. House of Tricks is all outdoor seating, so probably not best to come here on a hot 100 degree day (they close down in July). But when the weather is right and you want to enjoy AZ's beautiful outdoors, this is a great place to sit for a while with good company. I came here the day before Memorial Day with two of my girlfriends. We split 3 appetizers (Mussels in a curry chorizo sauce with bread, fruit and cheese platter, and baby back ribs). We all had a few cocktails, too. I recommend the Pear cocktail (Grey Goose Pear Vodka, champagne - delicious! but one or two of those and you might want a ride home). My friend had the Spring Chicken cocktail (gin, peach schnapps - very refreshing!)This is the type of place where you can really sit and enjoy your meal and drinks for a couple hours. There are trees surrounding the tables and bar so there's always shade. Even though it's by ASU, you feel really closed off and private. The Executive Chef here is amazing, as well! We met him last time we were here and had to give him props for everything he makes. He completely changes the menu EVERY SEASON so you'll never get bored of this place. I have never tried anything of his that didn't put me in a blissful food coma. Keep doing what you're doing, guys! Love everything.
4	I was so happy with my experience here.  After spending a few days in AZ and having a bit of culture shock, it was nice to find this quaint little renovated house with a gorgeous outdoor patio area.  There were lush trees and plants everywhere, and even a few kitties that might live there?  My boyfriend and I even decided to brave the 100 degrees to sit out on the patio (we later agreed that it was just a few degrees to warm for that, but it was ALMOST bearable).  We thought about ordering from the happy hour menu, but that is only available at the bar, and we weren't super tempted by anything on the HH menu so decided to delay that for another day and just order off the dinner menu.We started off with a smoked salmon bruschetta - it was delicious.  I decided to order the lamp chops with lavender potatoes (How could I resist lavender potatoes?).  My boyfriend ordered the filet mignon.  Oh my GOD.  So good.  I also had an Oregon pinot gris that made me very happy.  This was amazing food in an awesome atmosphere!My only complaints about this experience were:  there were LOTS of flies buzzing around.  I don't really know what could be done about this - we were sitting outside, after all.  Maybe the restaurant could have some discreetly placed fly-catchers ( is that a thing?) around?  I don't know if that is even possible.  I understand that flies are a hazard of sitting outside, so I don't really fault the restaurant for them.  But there were seriously lots of them.The other slight issue I had was that my boyfriend and I arrived very early in the evening - and we had a reservation.  There was maybe one table seated on the patio, with all the other tables open.  They sat us right away, but it was at a table RIGHT next to the service door.  Meanwhile there are all of these other tables just sitting empty all over the place, and we are trying to have a romantic dinner with people constantly walking in and out of the door right next to my chair.  I just thought it was a weird place to seat us since the place was virtually empty.These two slight issues were not enough to take away from the overall experience, particularly the amazing food.  I would suggest House of Tricks for a special occasion dinner, and I will also definitely be back to try the happy hour.  This place is a gem!
3	Barely 3 stars.This is my 2nd try to this place. The first wasn't that great, so I took my time to come back and I'm disappointed again :(We sat outside. What a bad idea. The table was next to untrimmed plants and flies were flying around during all the dinner.I was craving pork belly and when I ordered, the waiter said that that was the only dish they didn't have. Great. I ordered cheese plate (which was the best of the night), baked potato soup (lame), fillet (with too much sauce and peppers, plus the spinach had no taste) and a side of caramelized onion risotto (which was a little more than ok).In general good location, nice setting but just lame overpriced food.Not sure if I'll be back.
1	We had resevations but arrived about 50 minutes early.  There were AT LEAST 20 empty tables that I could see.  We were told they wouldn't seat us until our reservation time.  We waited about 15 min. & asked again could we please be seated.  No.  LOTS of empty tables.  The  2 girls at the podium were rude, unpleasent & just plain awful.  We left & will never go back
5	Update to my update.... Returning to the Phoenix area once again for work, this time with my boss and a coworker, I decided to give HoT another try....they were fabulous!! The service, food, and ambiance were on par with my first trip here!  Even my European boss, who is very particular about which foods he calls "good" said the meal (halibut and beet salad) was "brilliant!".I am glad that it seems like my previous experience really was just a fluke.
5	Enjoyed a terrific lunch here mid-afternoon on a Saturday.  Service was friendly and unpretentious.  We enjoyed an entree salad, the trout, and a couple of very tasty desserts.  We were pleasantly surprised to discover that the restaurant offers a children's menu.  At lunch or for an early dinner, this is an appropriate setting for well-behaved children.  Note that there are very few tables inside, so the atmosphere would be most enjoyable in the fall or spring when temperatures are right for enjoying the lovely outdoor patio.  Note also that free lot parking is available.
5	Amazing place! Took my wife here for her birthday back in May and we sat outside under the misters which turned out to be a very pleasant place to sit. I had been a little worried that it'd be too hot. The staff is very nice and fairly quick to respond, I don't think my water glass was empty for too long. We had a few nicely mixed cocktails and ended up never making it past their amazing appetizers.  I think we ordered most of them on the menu and enjoyed them all.
5	A delightful atmosphere both inside and on the deck, in a charming house. Great menu with unusual choices of appetizers and entres and a terrific wine list. Our servers are attentive and very pleasant.
4	This is a interesting place. I was brought here for a work lunch with a client of mine. It was very charming and quiet. I had the Lemon aid and Chili Rubbed Hanger Steak and Asadero Cheese Stuffed Tortillas with Roasted Ancho Guajillo Sauce, Avocado Puree and Cilantro Rice.Two things to note: I eat fast (I have a 2 year old, you learn to eat on the go) and I will be honest I eat a lot. The portions are not huge but I was satisfied, not overly full. The flavor was out of this world. Very bold, spicy flavors, the Avocado Puree was an excellent touch.The patio looked very comfortable and romantic, however it is Phoenix, Arizona and summer, you will not see me anywhere that does not have AC. Thankfully the inside was nicely decorated with AC. The service was very attentive, I did not have to ask for any refills of my drink. All in all I would certainly bring clients here, or have a nice romantic evening with the husband if I was in the area.
5	This place is amazing, how have I not been in the entire 6+ years I have lived in the valley? This place is very warm and inviting, a sharp contrast to the nearby Mill District. I went there earlier this week to have dinner with a friend. House of Tricks has a great ambiance. It's definitely a "date-night" sort of place. We sat outside on the patio. I ordered a Manhatten Iced Tea, which ended up not being my cup of tea (no pun intended), but it was a well made drink. For an appetizer, we ordered the Artisan Cheese & Fruit plate. Delicious! Fruit and cheese plates always make me feel fancy. The presentation was great..it was like a work of art. For the main entree, I had the Sugar-Spiced Salmon with Chinese Long Beans, Mustard Sauce, Sweet Soy-Ponzu, Sticky Rice and Nori. The salmon was probably the best salmon I've ever had. It was perfectly seasoned and cooked impeccably. The rest of the dish was just as good..oh that sauce! It was sweet with just the right amount of spice.One drawback I have noticed-Thankfully I am now a pescitarian because the vegetarian options are quite limited. I'd suggest checking out the website before going. :)From the looks of the other reviews, I see that the menu is seasonal, so I look forward to coming back and trying what else this place has to offer.
5	This place is amazing.  Great food, good service, and a lovely space.  Outside is like eating in the middle of a garden.  Inside is a renovated house but we didn't feel cramped at all.  Highly recommend their PB&J.
3	There are a lot of positives about this place as others have stated: the romantic patio outside, the excellent food, and generally very good service.  But the last two times left a bad taste in my mouth, figuratively speaking.  As a go-to place for special occasions, the last time was Valentine's Day.  With bad weather, my wife and I ate indoors for a change.  Tables were cram-packed together and I felt like my romantic interlude was with the people at the adjoining tables.  Not fun.This time, we were joined by another couple to celebrate my wife's birthday.  I had called ahead while making the reservation to see what they might be able to do for her, as it was a major birthday.  Nothing--besides putting a candle in her dessert.  Unless I wanted to pay an arm and a leg to buy a cake.  So it was a bit extra warm that night and I asked if they could turn on the misters.  One guy went away to say they would try....later to find they couldn't do it.  So we stayed outside, a bit on the toasty side.  (We didn't want a repeat of Valentine's Day).The food was good...I had the Salmon in Ponzu sauce, which was previously well-reviewed before.When I checked with the waiter when it was dessert time if he was going to take care of the birthday preparations, he told me it was the first he had heard of it!   Good thing I said something!My Key Lime Cheesecake was pretty good.  But the chocolate nougaty thing my wife ordered for dessert was like a Snickers bar that sat in the freezer--very hard and practically inedible...she practically had to chase it around the table as it kept jumping off her plate as she tried to cut into it!Then when we got the check, it was near closing, and we never saw our waiter again.  We waited quite a while until finally the busboy came by to pick up our payments.  It was like we were deserted.Considering this place ain't cheap, I expected better service and more attention to detail regarding the birthday preparations.  If you want a low key celebration, here's the place to go.  If you want the staff to get into it a bit more, this is NOT the place to go.  Heck, even Applebee's gives you a singing chorus for your birthday!  While the kitchen is still very good, I think the staff needs a bit more snap and caring about their customers to warrant a return.
4	We came here for Restaurant Week and also for my boyfriend's birthday. We were seated inside next to the fireplace in a very awkward spot. I was sitting on one side of the table that was on the other side of a half wall/open window type thing, which was less than 12 inches from the guy at the table next to us. The kitchen was right by us as well so there were dishes being slammed around and lots of other loud things going on. We asked to be moved outside even though it was a little on the warm side. The patio is nice, although I wasn't a fan of the random cat that showed up (other than funny internet pictures, I do not see a use for cats). We each chose a different app, entree and dessert. I wasn't excited about the salad but it turned out to be great! The entree and desserts were the highlight of the meal. We had the arugula salad, pork belly, short ribs, hoki, cinnamon roll and strawberry shortcake. All of it was pretty damn tasty! I think the food is worth the price and the porch is great for casual wine drinking :) I'll definitely be coming back!
3	Went here for AZ restaurant week with a few friends. All of us had been wanting to try this place, but just hadn't gotten around to it yet. I really wanted to like this place, and I did like it, but it didn't live up to my expectations or the hype. Ambiance is good, they have a nice patio, however we were seated near the kitchen and it was kind of loud. Service was OK, but when I'm dining at a place like House of Tricks, service is one of those things that I expect to be excellent. The food was pretty good, but again a little underwhelming for the price, even at restaurant week discounts. The appetizer we enjoyed the most was the pork belly, it was really great. But also tiny/underportioned. The bacon frosting cinnamon roll was something that brought us to this place, but it was pretty bad. The roll was burnt, crusty, hard, not tasty at all.  Cocktails were pretty good.All in all, it was a fine meal. Nothing was really awful (except maybe the cinnamon roll dessert). For this price, I'd suggest you keep looking. The valley has much better to offer. But if you're stuck on Mill Ave and want a place not crowded with frat boys and sorority sisters, this might be your best option.
4	The ambiance is lovely on the patio and with excellent food, this proves to be a lovely romantic restaurant for dinner. The menu changes by seasons and I was recently disappointed that there was no quail on the menu. The service is good, could be a little better but all and all better then most upscale type restaurants. Overall dining experience is quite nice.
2	We have been waiting for a reason to go here...and decided that our Anniversary would the perfect excuse to try House of Tricks that several people had recommended to us.  To sum up our evening....it took us 10+ minutes to give our server our drink order (a bottle of wine)....then another 10+ minutes for him to come back with the bottle of wine.  After sitting for over 20 minutes before we took our first sip of wine... we were really trying not to be irritated.  However, after ordering then receiving our apps, I had to finally ask/grab a staff member to please take our  menus stacked on the already very crowded table.  Then after the apps were finished and the dishes were piled up in the middle of our small table for at-least 10 minutes... I had to ask a server/busser again to take the dirty dishes from our table.  The food (Salmon & short ribs) was just okay.  Coming from the NW...if you have to cover the salmon in that much sauce...your usually trying to hide the fishiness (I still could taste it).  Would not recommend sitting by the lawn...you could not hear the music and there were no misters.  Overall, when you spend almost $150 on one meal...you would like to be matched with experienced servers.   They really  need to spend more time training all their staff (bussers and neighboring servers) on how to be friendly and attentive to all guests.
3	Cool atmosphere.  Nice outdoor seating area - sorta spread out which is nice. had the burrata salad - cheese was too salty for burrata and there wasn't much to the dish.  had baby back ribs for an app - too salty and spicy and too much sauce.  not very good.  had the california chowder - pretty good but a bit too spicy.  and the pork belly for main course was quite good.good ambiance, decent service and moderate food.
3	My parents and I had a reservation here to celebrate my birthday, since it's a favorite of ours. We arrived on time but were kept waiting (no one acknowledged us at all) at the counter for about 5 minutes. I kept trying to make eye contact with the servers/hosts but could not seem to get their attention. We were finally seated on the patio, which was very nice and perfect for outdoor dining.Unfortunately, the service continued to be lacking. We saw our waitress only a few brief times throughout the whole night - once to take our orders, once to give us the dessert menu, and once to collect our money. She was friendly, but the fact remains that she was mostly nowhere to be found. Despite the mediocre service, the food was great. We shared the mussels for an appetizer, and they were very large and tasty. I ordered the halibut, which was perfectly cooked. My dad got the pork tenderloin, and my mom had the Thai duck, both of which were fantastic as well. The key lime cheesecake we got for dessert was not so good - it had a strange, trying-too-hard-to-be-different tinge to it, and it was drowning in a sea of raspberry sauce. The coffee was lovely though!All in all, I would go back to (and recommend) House of Tricks because the food has been fairly consistent in quality and its ambiance is a rare find in Phoenix. I do wish the service was better, especially given the prices. A friendly, present, and attentive waitress would have made my birthday night so much better!
5	We discovered House of Tricks at the gourmet food festival "Devoured". They served a zesty prawn on a bed of grits with kimchee. Sounds bizarre but it was fabulous. This inspired us to swing by Saturday night  on a hungry impulse. We could have wept when we saw the aforementioned prawn dish on the appetizer menu. It was better than we remembered. Next we had the Korean BBQ ribs. The portion was quite large and the flavors suprisingly bold and bright. We finished our meal with a house salad and duck. I love good food. I love House of Tricks. This is a special date night, or freinds coming to town kind of place. The patio dining is romantic and I was impressed that our fellow diners were a multinational bunch. This shows the broad appeal of the delicious food. Our service was very good. This place is a winner and we will definitely return!
2	Wow, after reading good reviews and looking at the menus on line, what a bummer here.  All the interesting looking preps but food was bland, dull, typical of Valley.  For instance the beet salad with blue cheese.  How do you ruin that?  Boiling the beets into mush balls and putting a rock hard block of cheese next to it.  Some greens, no dressing but some sort of gelatinous goo on the side.  Fish with harissa?  There was a small dot of something hot on the side of the plate.  I had to put on my bifocals to see it.  Fish was taste-less.  Ditto for hsb duck dish. Not cheap either, $140 for dinner with 2 glasses of wine.  How this place is in business for 25 years would amaze me like an alien invasion if i didn't already have experience with this valley's dumbed down food.  Nice to sit outdooors but thanks I'll sit on my balcony and order something from Sal's or Marco's or someplace that puts some flavor in.
5	This is one of the best places in the Valley.  I've been here four or five times now, and it gets better each time I visit.  The food is simply amazing.  I only have one substantive comment about the dinner I had there tonight: Wow! If you don't like this place, you don't know what good food is.
5	Let me start by saying that I love YELP. I have found some of the best Restaurants and things to do all over the country by using this web site.... With that said I have found that restaurants that have a lot of reviews and still managing to get 4 and 5 stars despite a few negative ones says a lot. I have lived in the Phoenix metro for 15 years now and have been frequenting this AMAZING restaurant the entire time. The atmosphere is as good as you will find in the Valley, and the food on both the lunch and dinner menu's is delicious. One of my favorite aspects of the restaurant is that at least twice yearly the menu completely changes. I really find this important because the menu is smaller and while I always find something interesting and delicious, because of the change, I'm never bored. There have been times that I have stopped in for a drink and an appetizer wearing jeans and was seated next to a small group dining in tuxedo's, and there have been times that I was the one in the suit. Never once did I feel uncomfortable or out of place and NEVER have I regretted spending my hard earned money here.Not to lie... I did have one bad meal... but I have been here at least 45 times over the years so dont be distracted by a negative review or two. You wont be dissapointed.OHHH AND IF THEY EVER HAVE KEY LIME PIE ON THE MENU.... PLEASE DON'T GET IT, I'D HATE FOR THEM TO BE OUT WHEN I NEED A SLICE.
5	Oh~ why can't I live in the city to enjoy a Gem just like House of Tricks ?  I simply shared a cheese platter, a dessert and  a glass of wine. All of it was divine. The wine list was incredible .  I need to come back for dinner with my husband and give them a better review.
1	This restaurant has possibly the best patio in the phoenix area. That is all I can say good about this restaurant.  I ate there last weekend with a group of 4.  This is possibly the worst service I have experienced at a restaurant. It took 15 minutes to even be acknowledged by the staff and subsequently 30 more minutes to get even a drink.  The waiter's answer to the bad service was simply, I am behind and just catching up.  Ok fine but no apology, no management anywhere to be seen.  Just an excuse. This restaurant is very expensive so to be treated like that was unacceptable.On to the food.  They try very hard to be different, so different that some of the dishes made no sense.  I had the rare tuna with egg noodles in a sauce that was so spicy (not flavorful spicy) that it was nearly inedible.  It was also lukewarm.  This place is definitely not worth the price and service was so lacking it was ridiculous.
4	For the valley Tempe area, this place is a gem, especially amongst the bustle of the college district.  The food was elegant and tasty.  I never knew a mixed green salad could taste fresher and more flavorful then what I make at home from garden choices.Worth a try for a finer dining experience and a tasty treat and drink in downtown Tempe.
5	I'm never disappointed at this Tempe favorite. When the weather is nice, you can't find a nicer outdoor dining experience.
5	We had a great meal at House of Tricks in October. The service was exceptional. The waiter was knowledgable and friendly. The food was delicious for all 5 of us.
4	This place is so versatile, it's great for lunch with co-workers, a meeting, happy hour with friends, or a date night on the town.  For some reason, I LOVE all of the soups that House of Tricks has to offer.  I think this place has the best soup in the valley.  Random, perhaps, but give it a try! I like that they have a seasonal menu, and it changes with some regularity.  It's great to go back to a restaurant you enjoy and you find new and exciting food options to choose from. Working in Tempe, I've gone here for work lunches a few times.   I definitely recommend the French Dip - melts in your mouth, so flavorful!  Or...my other go-to is the Grilled Chicken sandwich with goat cheese.  You had me at goat cheese....   On the dinner menu, I've tried several fish dishes - salmon and halibut are my favorites. I love that this American style menu always has some unexpected twists and turns on the menu.   Definitely worth checking out.  And with the cute house vibe and great ambiance, this place will score big points for a date night too!
5	Another very good place to eat in Tempe if you are looking for fine dinning. Great food, good wine, and a romantic atmosphere. I love sitting outdoors on a warm spring or fall evening!
4	Setting is beautiful!  Food has been great before, but this time around it was fair.  I hold expensive places to a higher standard.  I wasn't that excited to come back this last time around.
5	I ate here a few years ago and all I can remember is how much I wanted to go back. The patio was quaint and when I saw bacon on the dessert menu I knew it was going to be good, and it was.. Definitely go here if your thinking about it.
5	One of my favorite places in AZ! The outdoor patio is a delightful setting, the food is beautifully presented and tastes great too! Extensive wine menu and great service to boot.  All around great experience.
1	Every year I go to this place with a large group. We sit outside and the dinner takes over 4 hours. The first 3 times I went and ate the beef. It was great, but the last time I had the chicken. It was severed in what I thought was a sauce until I picked up an candle and to my disbelief it was blood. The server took it back and 20 minutes later returned it. I cut into it to find more blood. We started dinner at 7:30pm I finally ate at midnight at our hotel which was a 5 minute walk. No remorse from the server nor did a manager show up. This place should be closed down.
5	I've eaten here twice now --once for dinner and once for lunch.  It's an adorable atmosphere...very comfortable whether you are seated inside the house or outside on the patio.   Both times I've eaten here, the food and service were excellent.   I felt the food had an inventive twist to classic favorites (i.e.  a potato, brie and ham soup with cranberries mixed in....the creamy of the potato and brie, the salty of the ham, and the sweet/tart of the cranberries was a perfect combo.   The other thing that got me jazzed here was foie gras creme brulee....yes, you heard me -- fioe gras creme brulee!   Who would ever think to put those two things together for dessert?  Which is exactly why I had to try it!  And it was awesome!)
2	OVER-RATED, OVER-PRICED, OVER-IT!Best part about this restaurant are the friendly stray cats that hang out around the patio begging for scraps of food.  The food was decent but not worth the price.  Any foody could come up with the dishes and anyone overly impressed obviously isn't adventurous enough with their foods.It's pretty but so is my backyard.All in all, meh.
5	To die for food and the atmosphere is adorable. Great date night.
4	What an awesome find! I finally got to try this place after hearing so many great things about it from other friends. The staff definitely did wonders here trying to fuel or pre-bachelorette party night fun last Saturday. The restaurant appears to be an old historic house - possibly even two houses connected together by a long welcoming stretch of a patio. It had been a rainy evening and cold one at that, so it was nice to get into the dining area where the ambiance had cozy and refined wrapped up in a bundle!I think our server was the resaturant manager. He did everything in his power to make our experience wonderful for our group of 10 girls. Memorable items of the night:Old fashioned drink - very well done and potent here. My first glass was Makers Mark infused with Vanilla and I think maple as well. They ran out of it for the second round, so my second glass was with Woodford Reserve as requested. Rack of Lamb - the special of the night. Cooked to perfection. Tender, not gamey at all!Scallop appetizer - Appetizes only two people since there were only two scallops on the plate, but it was served with a quaint arrangement of small thin but very flavorful well seasoned vegetables. This is big coming from me, because as an outspoken meatatarian, it is usually difficult to get me to eat vegetables, yet I loved these ones.The homemade butter was spiced and delicious in its own right when served before out appetizers with sliced baguettes. Overall cozy, warm, inviting restaurant. I'd say it's Tempe's own hidden gem.
5	Awesome food, great presentation, and wonderful outdoor dining expirence.
5	I loved this place.Came here on a business dinner, and everyone loved the patio dining.The food and wine were both great, and the dessert... OMG.... salted caramel bread pudding?  YES YES YES!!!!
5	Great food and drinks; beautiful atmosphere; excellent service. It is just an all around awesome place.
4	Haven't I reviewed this place before?!  I LOVE HOT!Reason I came on this day is because a friend from Napa, CA was in town for shows and I brought her here last time she was in town and it was her request that we come again.  Like I said, I LOVE this place and you'll have a hard time getting me to decline.However, on this particular visit I have to say my meal was just okay.  Generally it's fantastic but what I ordered just wasn't up to par.  I had the chicken and dumplings as my entree.  Again, everything else was very nice.  It was a very cold evening but we kept shuffling closer to the heat lamps and sharing our jackets, doing whatever was necessary to keep warm.So the meal I wasn't so satisfied with -the chicken was dry.  I prefer dark meat because it's moist, white meat is always risky because it gets dry and I can't choke that stuff down so easily unless you make it into a chicken salad.  Dry white meat = not great.  The dumplings were DEVINE and I want the recipe.  Mmm mmm MMMM!Our server, Greg, was wonderful and was on top of the recommendations and descriptions.Suprisingly it was very busy on that chilly eve and that kept him busy too.My guests from Napa, Oakland, and Paso Robles enjoyed their meal and the experience.  Hopefully they'll have an opportunity to come again when it's a bit warmer and we have more daylight hours to enjoy the views that surround.
5	The environment at House of Tricks is classy and casual. It is a rather quiet and relaxing place. Indoor and outdoor seating is available. The outdoor area is sort of like a patio/garden area, which makes it feel intimate. We tried the Korean baby back ribs and ahi tuna for dinner. The ribs came with 5 large pieces that a lot of meat on them. They were well cooked and sauced. They tasted much like good American ribs, but with a more Korean-style sweet and spicy sauce. The ahi tuna was lightly seared on the outside and rare on the inside. There were five square slices on the plate, which were crusted with sesame seeds, topped with fresh wasabi, and placed atop a Teriyaki-style sauce. These small additions made the dish even more flavorful, although the meat alone was perfect. For dessert, we tried the salted caramel apple bread pudding. The salted caramel brought a strong, sweet punch, while the bread pieces were buttery and warm. There were very few apples in the dish, which was fine since they appeared to be soaked/preserved in some kind of syrup. Also, I did not care for the whipped topping because it tasted like apple pie spice instead of whipped cream. Aside from those two items, which were easily avoided, this was a pleasant dessert. Each bite was warm and tasty, which made the dish feel good to eat.The entree prices are $25-30 per person, which may sound high, but the food quality is great and the portions are plentiful. The servers have a hands-off style in which they survey their tables and only intervene if it appears you need something or if you address them. I like this approach, because it is not as disruptive as the more common routine that restaurants employ. I recommend House of Tricks as a place for excellent food in a relatively quiet, intimate environment.
5	Hands-down my favorite quaint romantic dinning spot in Tempe. Best ambiance, cocktails, and food is to die for. My personal favorite is the seared Ahi tuna salad, but I believe it's seasonal.
2	Overall, not worthy of all the hype.I visited House of Tricks for a Friday business lunch. Although they didn't seem overly busy, everything was quite slow from the drink service through the food delivery to the process of getting the check. You know that part of the meal when all conversation is exhausted and everyone is glancing around wondering when they can go? You want your check before that point, usually.The food is fresh-tasting but unremarkable. I had a Moroccan fruit and chicken shawarma salad. The dressing was OK but too little of it. The chicken was dry. The lettuce just seemed like garden variety (har har) boxed salad mix you would get from Costco or a food service. Pretty boring.I won't be back.
5	I will try and keep this short and sweet.  We had an AMAZING experience last night at HoT.  We ate indoors in a very sweet and ambient dining room.  We had EXCELLENT and ATTENTIVE service from Alex.  Everything we ordered from cocktails to our culinary journey to our espresso was DELISH.    We started with cocktails (and ended up doing another round) Fig Infused Bourbon (my friend ordered Manhattan sytle) and I did a Chopin in Nocturne (or something like that) which is a Vodka based drink -- both were fantastic (hence ordering another round).  We decided we wanted to taste a little of everything so we ordered 2 salads and 3 appetizers to split.  We had:  Ceasar Salad (standard, nothing really special here although sparse on dressing, some leaves were completely dry) and the Warm Seafood Salad which was absolutely delicious.  We also had:  Mongolian Barbeque Shrimp, Blue and Yellow Corn Beignets and the Korean Style Baby Back Ribs -- ALL were off the charts good.  Between the location and atmosphere, the excellent service and the outstanding food... we WILL be back!
5	My boyfriend took me to House of Tricks the weekend after Valentine's day for lunch.  We had heard there was a wait so we got there early which was really nice because there was no wait and barely anyone there.Their menu is full of delicious food.  The two of us both had trouble deciding what to order.  My boyfriend got the grilled chicken southwest pasta and I got the fruit chicken salad.  We ordered the artichoke dip as an appetizer.  All of the food was magnificent!  The portions were large and the taste was amazing!  The atmosphere is what really makes it.  The patio is quiet and full of flowers.  It wasn't super pretentious or over-priced.  It was tucked away and private.Overall, I really enjoyed it!
5	Tricks has become my latest culinary obsession. I'm not even sure if the former sentence even make sense but that's because the food here drives me crazy. Yes. Its that good. And with such a nice cozy patio it makes this place one of the best places to go for brunch on the weekends. I look forward to trying more of their dishes but these are some of their must haves when you go:Salmon Burger. It's a burger special they are currently running. Get as much of it while you can. It's amazing!Pb&J - The best rendition of pb&j I have ever had in my entire life. This is not an exaggeration, trust me. When you first read that its pistacio butter with cheese, fennel and strawberries, you kind of wonder if that would even taste good together. But when you finally man up and order it, it will change your whole life!Salman salad with risoto cake - If you are looking for a lighter fare dish, this is a great choice. Perfectly cooked Salmon tossed in a chipotle/grapefruit vinnegrette...Yum!
4	This lively restaurant with plenty of outdoor seating is located within close proximity to ASU. My friend and I arrived at 6 o'clock and free parking wasn't hard to find and were able to get one of their outdoor tables without reservation. After consulting with our waittress (who literally guaranteed that everything on the menu was really good, particularly for the carrot cheese cake)...we ordered:appetizers: pork belly and scallopsmain dishes: rag pasta + veal (weird looking pasta but veal meant was very tender) and pork bellydessert: carrot cheesecake and salted caramel bread puddingwine + sodaTotal for these dishes above came to $106 without tax.The notable dishes were scallops (looked and tasted curry like but with relatively small portions, it wasn't too much or too little to have!)...and salted caramel bread pudding (my friend and I have been having bread pudding from different restaurants in the past 3 days, and we agreed this one tasted among the best). Rag pasta also had very interesting texture (probably due to its interesting shape) when chewed in my mouth (in a good way). However, I was sort of disappointed that the carrot cheesecake was WAYYYYYYYY too sweet...even without the frosting....One of the things we had with this restaurant was more on plating issues. The way this restaurant plates their dishes seem a bit random. The dessert plate (that came with our cheesecake was too long (the plate was the long one that should have been used for 3 items plating rather than 1 cheesecake) also, the plates they brought for us to share looked completely all 3 different occasions times waitresses bring them. They definitely need to work on details such as plating consistency and appropriateness (wow...don't I sound like a food snob now?!!?)... :)
4	They get upgraded from my last review. Went here again on New Years and because I was so impressed went back again. That says a lot. And yes, the food is delicious. Wait staff still not awesome...that's what is holding them back, and some of the crowded seating (sit outside if you can).
4	I call this type of place "fancy schmancy." It might have been a little too sophisticated for our group on this particular night. It was packed even around 8pm (on Friday), but we got a table in the bar area. We wanted to start with shots of Jamison and were told they don't have shot glasses. So, yeah, it's that kind of place.BUT...the food is DELICIOUS. I started with the kale salad and it was incredibly tasty. Very good flavors. They don't have many vegetarian options for entrees. In fact, I think they have just one, which I got: the gnocci. Thankfully, it was probably the best gnocci I've ever, ever had. I challenge you to try it and disagree.The have a good list of cocktails (I enjoyed a Manhattan) and wines. They hide beers on their last page because, yeah, it's that kind of place ;)
3	Great atmosphere and level of service, but I think the food is overrated.I arrived on a Tuesday night right at 9 pm on my third visit and sat in the bar area.Being the month of March, you really can't beat the outdoor seating here. It has a great, romantic atmosphere enclosed by plants and trees. If you were blindfolded and brought here, you wouldn't even know you were next to ASU and Mill Ave.For dinner I ordered the Spring Mix Salad with Tomato, Cucumber, Radish, Goat Cheese and White Balsamic-Honey Vinaigrette and, for the main course, the Housemade Rag Pasta with Veal Breast Bolognese, Pine Nut-Toasted Fennel, Goat Cheese and Golden Raisin Gastrique. Sounds delicious, right?The salad was okay, but neither the greens nor the vinaigrette stood out. The main flavors that come out were that of the radishes and goat cheese. None of the delicate nuances of the spring mix--hints of pepper, hints of lemon, hints of bitterness, etc.--came out. For the main course, I just thought that the dish was too heavy. Maybe some people really like it, but, for me, it was too nutty and the sauce way too thick and creamy. Almost soupy. Generally, in restaurants of this caliber, I think of the pasta dishes being lighter so that I can enjoy the delicateness of the housemade pasta, i.e., pasta should not be drowning. I'll leave that up to the Olive Garden to bathe the food in random cream sauce to mask the use of substandard pasta and ingredients.My dining opinion is that the food does not taste as good as it reads. That being said, taking into account the atmosphere and the level of service I received, this is certainly a place worth visiting with a date, friends, family, co-workers, etc. to be able to enjoy conversing and dining outdoors in a relaxed setting.On a date night, I would dine somewhere else and then come here and sit outside for dessert and drinks.
5	Holy crap!! Fan-freakin-tastic!!! Nothing about this meal wasn't excellent. Pear salad was an amazing combination of flavor. The pork starter was delectable. Main dishes (fillet and pork porterhouse) were cooked just right and beautifully presented. And I can't remember the last desert I enjoyed so completely as their bread puddling (think: cross between the best apple cobbler and the best cinnamon rolls you've ever had, all topped with a melting scoop of vanilla bean ice cream). The ambiance was very nice as well. (Great spot for a romantic evening out, especially dinning outside on a perfectly warm evening in the springtime.) If I had to point out anything less than stellar it would probably be that it's located slightly too close to an airport, so there were one or two incoming planes that were a little noisy -- but not all that bad, really. Overall, downright exceptional place for dinner! Definitely coming back whenever possible.
5	I'm a big fan of this place. The food is excellent, the patio is beautiful. However,I consistently get really bad service. Today we were there around 11am, maybe 3 other tables already there....it took our server about 7-9 minutes to acknowledge us, took our spinach artichoke dip about 20 minutes to arrive. The only reason I go back is that is such a nice spot, the food is delicious....and I continue to hope the service gets better or that a manager reads this.
4	I won a bid at silent auction for a $150 gift certificate to this place.  Located in Tempe and buried on the ASU Campus, this was not a restaurant that we'd normally stumble upon.  However, I am very happy that I bid on this even though I knew nothing about it...why?  Because the food here is fantastic!  Here's what we ordered:Korean Style Baby Back Ribs, $14http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/house-of-tricks-tempe?select=WDPYIOgCMIM-dJnKrKaMZA#WDPYIOgCMIM-dJnKrKaMZAYukon Gold Potato Gnocchi, King Mushroom, $23http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/house-of-tricks-tempe?select=2MsbjsZvu2hO1yeon7slaQ#2MsbjsZvu2hO1yeon7slaQGrilled Filet w/Smoked Cheddar Bits, Asparagus, Cabernet Sauce, Crispy Onions, $36http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/house-of-tricks-tempe?select=LoIz5HIBcKYZcdOsoL2CAQ#LoIz5HIBcKYZcdOsoL2CAQGrand Marnier Creme Brulee, $6.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/house-of-tricks-tempe?select=exAY1Qtwhzc2LmQNZZxjFQ#exAY1Qtwhzc2LmQNZZxjFQDouble Chocolate Bacon Cake w/White Chocolate Butter Cream & Candied Bacon, $6.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/house-of-tricks-tempe?select=DquWbL5b-Xb625mfyM95SA#DquWbL5b-Xb625mfyM95SAThe Korean Style Baby Back Ribs were simply amazing!  The BBQ Sauce was sweet & tangy with just the right amount of Ginger.  Yum!As everyone who knows me knows that I love Gnocchi....the Gnocchi here is delish.  The Grilled Filet was very good as well.  But the best part of dinner was the Dessert....The Better Half had the Grand Marnier Creme Brulee, which I sampled and was very good.  However, the best of the best was the Double Chocolate Bacon Cake w/White Chocolate Butter Cream & Candied Bacon....yes, that's right Bacon lovers!  This Dessert delivers the goods on all levels.....it's Chocolatey, Sweet, and the Bacon adds a little salty/meaty goodness that causes your palette to jump for joy....my mouth is watering right now.There were 3 things that kept me from giving this place 5 Stars:1 - Parking.  It sucks.  Jockeying for position against ASU student parking plus the customers for this place and area businesses is not fun.  They should offer a valet service up front just for customers....I'd pay $5-$10 just to avoid the nonsense.2 - Seating.  We were seated outside....not our preference, but the size of the interior of the restaurant is tiny and we were told the wait was long to sit inside.  They have a huge outdoor seating area with giant trees.  We were sat at a table for 2, the table was very small and the servers had trouble with space when we had a bottle of Wine, Appetizers, and Bread.  When then entrees came out, it was a circle jerk to rotate old plate off, etc.  The furniture is patio furniture and the pads of the seats are left out overnight, dusty.  There was a lot of bird shit on the wall next to where we were seated and fallen leaves all around us.....I was constantly worried about something dropping onto my food.  It was our decision to accept sitting outside, so it's on me.  If I come back, will definitely not sit outside, don't care how nice the weather is.  3 - Service.  It was so/so.  We had to flag our waiter down when we were ready to order Wine....a huge pet peeve of mine.  Also, had to flag him down to order our food and refill Wine and Water glasses.  I think the majority of the wait staff here are ASU students.....they look young and don't know how to provide proper service.  When we walked up, we didn't know where to go because the hostess stand is outside and isn't obvious....2 hostesses looked at us and didn't say "Hi, how can we help you" or anything at all.  It was only when we started to wander around the patio area that they said "are you looking for someone?"....LMAO, yes I'm trying to get seated in your restaurant!  Too bad because the food is outstanding.I will give it another try and see how it goes now that I know about the things to avoid.Return Factor - 75%
5	This place is consistently wonderful. We had our rehearsal dinner here and it was incredibly well run.
1	Food was good but the service was the worst ive ever had. To top it all off, my server charged my card a different amount than was on the receipt. $17 more to be exact! Will never go back.
5	Fantastic experience at House of Tricks - the hype was warranted, and the food and service did not disappoint. Nice wine list, impressive entrees (probably the best scallops I've had in a non-coastal city) and truly great desserts.After our second visit (with my wife's parents) was just as good as the first, I feel comfortable giving 5 stars. The outdoor seating is lovely, although you may have to cover your beverages if the trees are blooming... flower petals may sprinkle onto your table. Might be romantic, or annoying, depending on your frame of mind.
5	Elegance to the guilds.  Great food and awesome wine list.  This place is awesome for lunch, dinner, or just happy hour.
2	We wanted to love this place but couldn't. We were so looking forward to lunch here on a recent visit to Tempe. Although we didn't have reservations, we were seated very quickly on the back patio (or we could have chosen to sit inside).  The problem is that it took what felt like forever to get our food.  We were hungry when we arrived, and were never even given a bread basket.  We waited at our table for our meals while four other tables near us received their food, finished their meal, and paid and left the restaurant. And I have to be honest, our food when it did arrive wasn't spectacular.  I ordered the Sugar Cane Shrimp Salad - about 5 medium pieces of shrimp, tasty but overcooked, on a bed of mixed greens with a fairly flavorless dressing.  That's it.  My daughter ordered a Salmon Salad that came with a hefty fried risotto cake, so I ate half of that.
2	Meh.  Had the filet and it was a little bland.  My salmon was very fishy.
3	Went with some ASU colleagues for a glass of wine and some apps on a Friday afternoon during their 4-6 happy hour.  Always fond of HoT, their atmosphere, and their food -- however, I just need to say that one of their bartenders really needed to have stayed home that evening, cause she was somewhat of a menace.  Sure, you may be anticipating a busy evening, but you should also take care of the customers in front of you.
5	Great atmosphere on the patio. The food was also amazing. A relaxing end to a long day with a good drink selection and good, upscale food.
3	Based on friends' raves, I had high hopes, and, for the most part, had a good meal. Martini was the best ever - had to ask twice for olives. Chicken and dumplings - dumplings were amazing, chicken so dry it was inedible. Korean short rib appetizer was very good. Service was strange - our waiter was super tweaky. People rave about the outdoor seating. It's okay, but I'm not sure I get what all the fuss is about. Sort of felt like I was at my cousin's wedding at a table on the lawn.
4	House of Tricks is amazing! I still wish the husband and I would have been able to have our rehearsal dinner here last year, but they weren't available.  Get a Hendrick's martini with blue cheese stuffed olives (ask for 3 olives because they are AMAZING!) You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  I've never had a bad dish here and I love that they change it up a lot.  I wish they would have had the blue and yellow corn beignets available last night, I was really looking forward to trying them.  We'll just have to come back soon so that I can try them out.
5	I have been here about four times and only for lunch. All four times I have sat on the patio, had no important deadlines to be after, and had outstanding food and service. I had no problems with parking but the times we went could be considered odd or off hours. Other reviewers have documented that they had parking issues. We just parked right across the street. If we were not suppose to park there, "could have fooled me." I never saw a sign that said, "ASU Parking Only, Subject To Towing." One time we just walked in from Mill. I guess we got lucky.   The outside patio is so, so quaint, and the food is delish! The prices are not cheap and I heard even more for dinner, and the service is slower. It reminds me of a "Ladies Who Lunch" or,  "Do Tea" place. I actually like the slower service pace. I go there only when that is okay for me. It can be very busy here since it is a smaller restaurant so be prepared.    The last time I went I had a fruit tea, they throw in real fruit, love it! I ordered the Grilled Chicken Sandwich with Capricho de Cabra Goat Cheese, Fig Jam, Bacon and Arugulaon Toasted Ciabatta. Served with Fresh Fruit &Greens with Rosemary-Balsamic Vinaigrette. The sandwich was good and the salad that came with it was wonderful, as well. My lunch friend said the food was spectacular! I think she got the Ahi Tuna or maybe the Salmon.
5	This is absolutely an amazing restaurant. Each time that I've come here, I've received excellent service and been served delicious food. The patio is beautiful so that's always been where I've enjoyed the meal. The servers are excellent at recommending wines. Last time I had the duck, which was phenomenal. Just come here, you won't regret it.
5	Ate here last month with my wife.  We sat on the patio and loved the atmosphere - the large trees and greenery are much different than the normal in AZ.Food was very good and expensive but nothing we weren't prepared for.  We didn't try dessert because we were full from dinner but it looked delicious.All staff was very friendly.  My wife left her sunglasses and when I called the next day they knew exactly which sunglasses were left the night before and had them waiting for me at the hostess station.  To me this is a very good sign of the character of people who work here.I'm sure we'll be back for another special occasion...
5	House of Tricks was a first date spot for my husband and I, and has since become our anniversary dinner tradition. We've always opted to eat outside on the patio, which is the highlight of this charming house-turned-restaurant. Yesterday was our 2 year anniversary and we had a wonderful dinner. The kale salad was fresh and delicious. We both enjoyed the ahi and halibut entrees which were prepared beautifully. We also split a bottle of wine and the chocolate-peanut butter pot-de-creme. I don't think we've ever had an issue with service here, although they were a little lax on the water last night.....I'm such a stickler for this....It's such a wonderfully romantic location, and a local gem!
5	of course our anniversary beckoned us back to House of Tricks. the weather was perfect for our outdoor dining experience. the service was wonderful again, with nary a complaint. we started with a kale salad and it was tender and sweet, plenty of young kale. my entree included the halibut dish. i'm normally not a big fan of halibut, but this fish was prepared so delicately and deliciously, i couldn't stop myself from eating the entire dish, knowing i had to indulge in one of their rich deserts. again, this restaurant is in our upper bracket price range for our budget, but it's always worth it for great food and to be with the lovely wife.
1	I would have given this two stars, but for the price, I have to give it a one.  My wife and I have been hearing about this place for years, and were saving it for a special occasion.  The ambiance was nice, but that was it.  We went here for dinner, which is priced than their lunch menu.We asked our unfriendly server for a recommendation - she recommended just about everything.  That should have been the first bad sign.  We ended up ordering the seafood salad and halibut, along with  one glass of red wine.No complimentary breadsticks or anything waiting for the food to come out.  Red wine came out chilled - who does that?  Portions were SMALL, but that was a good thing since the food was so bad.Seafood salad was extremely fishy - was not fresh seafood.  I know we are in Arizona, but for the price, I assumed the seafood was fresh.  Wrong.  Salty as well - maybe a to preserve the seafood longer?  Fish was dry and either overlooked, or not fresh.There are some good restaurants in phoenix metro (granted North Tempe has limited selection for nice ambiance and food), but to is not worth the money.  Out tab came to $70 and I would have been disappointed with the food even if it was $10.  Other than ambiance and decorating plates to make things look pretty, this fails the palette.
4	Amaze lunch at this mediterranean place. I loved the service and the food, great spot for lunch.The Mediterranean Tapas Platter was a great start as an appetizer, followed by the fresh raspberry iced tea that was very refreshing in the hot sun (we sat outside), and I devoured the Grilled Chicken Sandwich.I want to come back here again. Totes a great place for a casual lunch, or a more up-scale dinner. The atmosphere can be very romantic and intimate outside.
4	I loved this place, it's very cozy, romantic, you can sit in the patio or inside, very nice for couples, you can go there early and just have apps and drinks with friends or just have a nice meal. The service and food are really great.
3	Came here on while on business in Arizona.  Located right near ASU stadium, we stopped in before taking in a basketball game.  It was a rare cold night so we ate inside.Good bottled beers on the menu, some fantastic wines as well.  Very cozy and dimly lit.  Great place for a date, too bad I was with my boss.  I had the gnocchi and it was tasty.  Not sure I would recommend this place, but we had a nice, quiet evening with good food, so I can't complain.
1	The food was over-priced, the portions were small and really the food was nothing special. The service was just so-so as the server brought our appetizer after our entree was served. My wife ordered a salad without bacon and they goofed that. After they took it back they returned her a salad that was half of what she was previously served and it appeared they just removed a bunch of food from her plate rather than bringing her a new portion. Very disappointing experience as I paid a lot of money only to go home hungry and dissatisfied. I am certainly not going to go back to this restaurant.
4	Great and authentic food, service is very poor at times... multiple visits I have a random service that forgets about us or does not input our order correctly... but the food and wine are definitely worth the interaction. Bar service is amazing if its a casual dining night.
4	This review is for happy hour only.After attending an art show nearby, the Hubs and I popped over to House of Tricks to give it a try.  It's been on my "to-go" list for awhile, so I was looking forward to the experience.  Since it was early in the evening we opted for happy hour at the bar.  The atmosphere is very inviting and casual, but nice.  I really liked the way it felt to sit outside and enjoy the evening... though I am sure in the middle of the summer it wouldn't be quite as nice.For drinks we each had a couple beers and they were served nice and cold (lol).  As far as food is concerned, we shared a few appetizers.  The brushetta was just ok... I've had better and it wasn't traditional, so maybe that's why we didn't love it.  The Harissa mussels were the highlight.  That sauce is awesome and the mussels were cooked perfectly.  The duck 3 ways was also good, but not amazing.  Overall, we had a pleasant experience and the service was great.  The bartender that serviced us was friendly/helpful and directed us to some good selections.  We will be back to try dinner or lunch soon!
5	Love this place.  Great food, great staff...  The chocolate peanut butter dessert put it over the top!
5	I loved the soup I ordered, really yummy! And the patio is so pretty.
4	I had the pecan smoked salmon, and it was fantastic! Portion size was perfect for a light lunch. Nice atmosphere outside at a table by the bar.
5	Holy. Food. Batman. Thats all I have to say. I ate here with my extended family and out of the 9 of us that ate here everyone was extremely happy with the main course, the bread, the alcohol selection, dessert, etc. Our waitress was very friendly, knowledgeable on the menu and attentive. We ate on the patio which made for beautiful surroundings. All in all I can't think of anything I wasn't completely satisfied with.
1	Not worth of celebration if u want vegetarian option, and the chicken dumpling I ordered was super salty, they come back after 5 min to check , when I complained the waiter got me again a salty chicken and dumpling and the worst part was the waiter in charge for water did not come for 15min
2	8/6/13  The setting is very nice, and the menu sounds wonderful.  I had:The Bison tartar for an appetizer andHalibut with roasted carrot, roasted orzo and wilted chardThe last time I had steak tartar it was at Maison Robert-  it was traditional with eggs and caper and was out of this world.  I realized this appetizer was going to be completely different, and it was.  The bison was sort of dry and the main flavor was salt.  Honestly, the whole grain mostado with pickled onions on the toast was better than the tartar, and it was about a teaspoon in size.  For a $50 meal with tax I don't mind small portions, but I expect to be dazzled with flavor.Likewise the halibut was lacking in flavor.  It was cooked well, and tasted fresh, but I enjoyed the orzo and chard more.  I think I noticed a hint of fennel in the orzo, which I will try at home, so at least I learned an alternative preparation.The service was about what you can expect these days as the waitstaff talked to one another (it was later in the evening about 40 minutes before they closed when I checked out), and they were attentive.  In the days when 20-25% tips are expected, and the majority of reviews rave about the food, I want to be objective.  I'm rating House of Tricks based on their prices reflect fine dining.  Maybe I ordered poorly, but I chose items that I typically wouldn't cook myself and sounded different than I could get elsewhere. The food was by no means awful it just lacked pizazz.
5	I've never had a bad experience - this place is fabulous especially during the cooler months. The patio seating is like you're in another world, everything is done with so much care...The salmon on risotto cake is my favorite - but again, everything I've had has been out of this world in regards to taste and texture....can't say enough - you have to try it!
4	What a beautiful space.  I grew up in Tempe and had not been here since I went to college at ASU.  We had a group of 8. So, we had some cocktails at the bar. And, then ate inside because its hotter than hell in Tempe.  The service was great. The food was expensive but delicious. And, they had a great wine list. We were happy to see some Oregon wines that we love. And, we had a great Rioja from Spain. The cost of the food is pretty high. My chicken and dumplings was $28. That's kind of excessive.  But, I would return happily.
4	Had a great meal on my first visit! Loved being on patio. My friend had been there before so he suggested artisan cheese plate for starter. It was awesome! He had pork belly tenderloin and I had macadamia nut crusted duck breast. Mine was good and his tasted even better! Naomi was the perfect server because she paid attention to what was happening at table. She never interrupted our conversation. Very much appreciate great service like that!! Only reason it's 4 star is because they serve Coca-Cola products. Our pictures of meal turned out too dark so you'll just have to go and order food to see how great it looks.
5	Every time I come to House of tricks, I am always satisfied with amazing food. I often come during lunch time and it is better to come here during the cooler months since the outside patio is a pretty place to sit with sometimes an ongoing fire.  Brought my brother here when he was in town, who is a chef, and he was very pleased with his food. He actually got some ideas from his meal.This is definitely one of our favorites with a friendly staff. Whatever I have tried at House of Tricks is always delicious. Today I had the Salmon with risotto over a salad enhanced with mango - WOW. Also, I would recommend any of their specials, they are always well prepared and taste is always on key. Props to the chef, will come here time and time again. :)
2	Not aging well. I've been going to HoT on and off for years and it used to be ok but this last time the service was horrible, drinks tasteless, and food cold. I went last night with 3 friends and the place was a ghost town. Our waiters and waitresses were slow and seemed to have no training.  They reached across each of us every time they brought food or drink. We overpaid for a dismal and very mundane experience.
5	LOVELY! The scenery is beautiful, the ambiance is great, I could not have asked for more.The service was fantastic, the food was great, will definitely come back here again and again with family.
2	Food was good, however this Is primarily an outdoor seating place and for some reason they allow smoking at the outdoor bar.  It is a problem.  If smoking bothers you avoid this place.
2	The place is beautiful and romantic. The food is so blah !
5	Amazing duck breast dish just melts in my mouth like high quality sushi !! Coming back here again and again !!
4	Tried this place for restaurant week. Absolutely beautiful cozy location. Good size dinner, appetizer potions. Very tasty desserts and thoughtful wine selections. Regular menu also had some very interesting selections. We will definitely be back to try out another meal.
4	Great creative menu that changes often. Great wine list that is diverse and shows a lot of thought put into it. Great for outdoor dining. No wonder its been there so long.
2	Very disappointing, especially as it was to be a birthday treat for a friend.  Shuffled us off to a side building where we were the only ones and rarely checked on us.  Food was ordinary.  No offers of a birthday treat which most places now do.And to top it off, we had to pay to park.  Not worth it.
5	This place never disappoints.  I was here again yesterday (like my 10th time) and had the Salmon. Outstanding.  The atmosphere is wonderful.
5	This is a mainstay for me from October to May. The food is great but the outdoor ambiance is fantastic! White twinkly lights in the trees and an outdoor fireplace! So romantic in the middle of the ASU campus! A remarkable and special place.
4	Love the outside seating, our local friends picked this spot as an introduction to our mini vacation.  Also really enjoyed the ahi tuna entree.  The kale salad was delicious and the wine list offered plenty to choose from.  Appetizers of bison tartar and also mussels was yummy.  We enjoyed the beautiful October evening and really took it all in.  Our server was competent and casual just adding to the fun evening.  Price point was solid but worth it for such a memorable evening.
5	I loved this place!!!! Unbelievably amazing! Great service and food. I'm going back soon
5	Second visit here and this is a can't miss place in Phoenix. Came here for dinner with co-workers and we shared 4 entrees. Pork Belly, Pasta, Kale salad, and Ahi Tuna. All were outstanding. The servers are very attentive and friendly. I especially like the atmosphere of this restaurant with a great patio!  If you're in Phoenix area, give this one a try!
5	We've been many times, mostly for special occasions over the years. The food is inventive and supremely well executed. Service is consistent. Wine list is terrific. So many places are "pay for where your sitting" as opposed to for "what your getting". It might not be cheap here, but you'll be satisfied every step of the way. Can't give them enough praise at this place.
5	Year in & year out HOT delivers quality food with excellent service.  I tend to forget this really good restaurant until I'm attending a performance at Gammage - then it is a dream come true combination.  If one is in a hurry eat an appetizer or two - they are wonderfully tasty and filling.  Had a really nice glass of French white wine too.
5	Wow what a special find.  One of the most unique and special date nights my husband and I have had.  The House of Tricks has all kinds of tricks up their sleeves to make this dining experience extra special.  From the service to the food to the ambiance,  all top notch.  Ruth 's Chris has always been or type of special night out and this rates right up there with it.  Also it's in perfect proximity to AS I Gammage when you are taking in the theater as well.
4	Had lunch today with a group.  Outdoor eating atmosphere was wonderful.  Two women had the chorizo breakfast burrito and loved it. One other had the French dip and she thoroughly enjoyed it. The turkey club sandwich was also great.  Two women had the chicken sharwarma salad. It was the only item ordered that both did not like. The spices on the chicken breast  did not blend with the salad dressing.  We did have a problem with bees around the table. Over all, we would return.
5	I would love to go back! The food, the setting outside...fantastic! Everything I tried was excellent!
1	I've been here before and brought a friend for the first time, raving about the place.  He won't go back.  We had very poor service.  We ordered one appetizer, one entree and one dessert and split the meal and it took over 2 hours.  We watched other couples come and go and even when we asked, we were told someone would be with us right away.  We did have reservations also.  The atmosphere is always lovely and the food was generally good, but after having such poor service, even the good food wouldn't win me over to come back again.
5	I really enjoyed this place!  I made a reservation on a rare rainy tempe night.  No problems making it online. Patio was closed do to weather.  Was a very nice place to take a date.  Service was very friendly and attentive.  We started with a cheese plate. very good!  fruit was nice and sweet.  Both of us ended up ordering the chicken and dumplings. Outstanding! the potatoes were like butter.  the chicken was well cooked and very flavorful.  Would love to go back and try something else soon.
5	House of Tricks is located near ASU in a quiet neighborhood on 7th Street in a tastefully redone two story home. Our reservation for 6 diners at 7 was for the beautiful patio, which we always prefer. They have a fire pit and numerous heaters, so we were comfy on a cool fall evening. We ordered cocktails, which took some time but they had a full house. Soon after we ordered appetizers and entrees because the apps are so big, three of us had those instead of entrees. For the table, we had a cheese tray, loaded with six cheeses, fruit and various breads. Two ordered soup. Tonight they served oriental onion and beef broth with crispy rice, cilantro and a heavenly addition of mushrooms. Mine was outstanding. The other who ordered soup tipped the bowl at the end so as not to miss any!  One of us had the pecan smoked salmon (app as an entree), two had the Harissa spiced mussels (app as an entree) while the guys had halibut, rag pasta with veal and ahi tuna. Nothing but yummy sounds from the girls with the apps as entrees and the halibut entree. I ordered the ahi tuna but also tasted the veal. The tuna was seared perfectly and had a flavorful soy broth to dip into. The veal pasta was excellent as well. We were visited by the two house cats during dinner. They weren't looking for handouts. Just wanted to say hi!Service: excellentMenu selection: excellentFood: excellentPrices: okay (about $125 per couple)Atmosphere: excellentRecommendations: go as many times as you can afford. The menu changes and it was difficult deciding between epic dishes.
5	This little gem off of Mill Avenue in Tempe is such a delight. The two houses merge together with a lovely tree-shaded patio. It's perfect for groups or couples. Our party of three sat outside watching the revelers attend the ASU/Stanford game as there was a private party going on inside the houses. No matter, the weather was perfect and the heaters were warm enough. Our service was fair, to be honest and I would have preferred a little more attention and information regarding the menu. The food was amazing though. The filet actually melted in our mouths and was perfectly seasoned. It sat atop a delicious mixture of cheddar grits and veggies. The halibut was also nicely done and very flavorful. The best part of this meal was the amazing bread pudding dessert. You cannot skip this one filled with apples and the flavors of fall. The red velvet chocolate mousse cake was also good, but the bread pudding was better. Very nice wine list accompanies and the cocktails are quite good - try the salted old fashioned for a unique twist on the old favorite.
5	A coworker and I were in Phoenix staying near the airport for business.  It was a lovely evening, we were able to get a nice table on the patio for dinner.  The atmosphere, service and food all far exceeded our expectations.  The menu is interesting and creative and the food was delicious.  They also have a nice variety of wines by the glass.  Thank you House of Tricks for a nice break after a long work day!  I highly recommend the fruit and cheese plate, one of the best I've had, as there is a lot of variety and it is beautifully presented.
4	If you're looking for a nice dinner in Tempe, this is your location.  We had heard of it on various occasions but finally went with friends when they recommended it.  Everything was fantastic.  The service, the food, the drinks, the dessert.  It was one of the best meals I've had in the valley.  I am now obsessed with their house infused vanilla bourbon.  I want to keep it in my house and keep on seeking an excuse to go back to HoT for that very drink.They have a beautiful outdoor dining area which is perfect if the weather is ideal.  We went on a humid and hot night and preferred to be in a/c.  Luckily with reservations that wasn't difficult to accommodate.
5	I was in town for a conference and went here with a group one of the nights for dinner. I am vegan and was planning on getting my stand by, a salad and baked potato. When I mentioned to the server I was vegan she said the chef would be happy to make me something, she asked me what things I liked. Before I knew it I was served the best vegan meal I had ever had...polenta with white beans and steamed kale, grilled zuchinni in a peanut chili sauce, and mixed veggies. It was delicious and the staff was great.  Can't wait to come back to Tempe so I can eat here again!
4	Fantastic food and a massive wine selection. We also had a great waiter. Very upscale and a place that only the locals know about.
2	Server was in attentive.Salmon portion was about 3 oz for $27, basic flavor. Wine list is awesome but server wasn't very well in touch with list or the wines, let us know that a white wine from Bourgogne region of France was aged in all steel, questioned her then looked at the bottle that said aged 15 months in french oak. Asked about a Pride Viognier and she let us know that it was sweet but had a lot of body. We just smiled.The cocktails we had made by Matt were awesome as always. We will go back to sitting in the bar area where, Jamie and Matt do such a great job!
5	love this place...enchanting patio, amazing food...what else do you need?
5	We dined here on New Years Eve and enjoyed a cozy table on the patio surrounded by three heaters,  We started with cocktails followed by the most amazing mussels appetizer-a must try.  The prime rib special was very good and the tuna and salmon were excellent!  We had great service and enjoyed the evening.  Always a great evening of dining.  House of Tricks is great for romantic and special occasion dinners or when having drinks and appetizers at the bar.  Enjoy!
3	Staff is very friendly. Good, intimate place for dates and special events. Lunch specials are decent, but it bothers me that they put hot meat in cold salads.
4	Great food, great service, great patio. I had the lamb shank which was tender and full of flavor. They seated us by the fire pit which kept it the perfect temp for a crisp AZ winter night. Go here when you're not in a rush to enjoy your time to the fullest.
5	I just hosted my sisters baby shower at the House of Tricks last weekend and I couldn't wait to come home to write my review! This place was amazing....from the delicious food, to the excellent service, to the beautiful venue....I rate this place 5 stars across the board!  They were so accommodating -  ordering a special cake, bringing out umbrellas when the sun came through the trees a bit too strong for some of the guests, and helping to keep the party flowing.  Our guests are still raving!  We chose to sit outside on a private patio on such a beautiful AZ winter day (70 degrees) which I would highly recommend...the greenery, fountains and ambiance made for a perfect party location. I would highly recommend this venue for your event!!
4	I had the pleasure of dining at House of Tricks yesterday with a couple of friends.  I live in Glendale, but it was definitely worth the drive.  House of Tricks has a regular lunch menu, and on Saturdays, they offer a brunch menu.  Each of us ordered something different, and we all enjoyed what we had.  One lady had the eggs benedict, another the shrimp and grits and I had grilled salmon salad, which was absolutely the best salmon salad I have ever had.  Even though I live in Glendale, I would definitely drive back to House of Tricks for the salmon salad.  Yesterday's weather was perfect for outdoor dining.  We enjoyed the relaxed, comfortable atmosphere.  The only negative is parking.  There is limited parking on the street, but across the street is a big sign "Public Parking".  Do not park there!  The entrance was completely open with no mention of having to pay for parking.  You can imagine our surprise when we went to our car and saw a traffic ticket on the windshield.  We walked around the parking lot to see where we might have missed a sign indicating we have to pay for parking, and we found something clear on the other side of the parking lot, definitely not in sight of where we drove in.
5	Went back and still excellent! The chocolate torte with salted caramel was to die for!
5	When I feel rich I'll go here. It really is delicious and a fun place to go for special occasions. It's a huge piece of Tempe heritage and I'm glad it's still around.
4	This is a FANCY place in Tempe! Who knew?? I've lived in AZ for 1.5 years and had never heard of this place. It is hidden off of Mill Ave and is super cute. There are indoor and outdoor seating areas. I would recommend outdoors if the weather permits. There are orange trees and heaters and the waiters are extremely attentive.Now let's get to the good part..the FOOD :)We had a ton of appetizers - shrimp, chicken and veggies and all were really good. The sauce on the shrimp was a little weird, but i really liked the chicken (i think it was a peanut sauce) I especially liked their bruschetta and wine selections.
2	I'm a total foodie... see my reviews.This place is pretty good IF you know how to deal with their HUGE PROBLEMS...1) Prices are crazy for the quantity you get - make sure someone else pays2) The Over Sauce EVERYTHING!Pear Salad was swimming in an ocean of dressing Lamb Shank was good but the side dish was under the shank (Sweet potatoes in this case) and it was swimming in another ocean of sauce - you coul not taste anything bt the sauce. ASK for ALL sauces on the side!
4	Celebrated 33 years of my sister n husband's marriage.  Food, Service and Atmosphere could not have been better
4	My partner surprised me by taking us here for a late Valentine's day dinner. I had been wanting to try House of Tricks for the longest time, so when I saw that we were going there, I got very excited. Once we were sat down, we perused the menu before tentatively deciding what to get. Unfortunately for my hubby, they were sold out of the prime rib, so he had to choose something else. We ordered the seared sea scallops for our starter, and they were definitely a highlight of the meal, though I was a bit disappointed that we only got two. They were perfectly cooked, browned just right, and buttery soft. It was served with a cauliflower puree and a root beer gastrique, which were both surprisingly good. The tasty little mollusks definitely got us excited for the rest of the meal.For our entrees, my partner ordered the grilled lobster medallions, with a mango salsa, and I the porchetta with corn risotto and charred broccoli rabe. After a slightly extended wait, our food arrived and we dug in. One thing I was surprised about was the amount of food I received compared to him. His plate was about half, maybe even a third as full as my dish. He liked his entree, but he did say that the black bean puree that accompanied it was a bit overpowering, in terms of flavor. The porchetta was delicious, as well as the risotto. I could have done without the broccoli rabe, as it was a tad stringy and didn't really complement the rest of the flavors. It was definitely a rich dish, and my partner ended up finishing it for me. Dessert was just a good as the rest of the meal, maybe even a touch better.  My partner ordered the salted caramel apple bread pudding, which our waitress declared was her personal favorite, and I chose the chocolate cream cake with malted chocolate ice cream. The bread pudding was gorgeous, and had a really nice apple flavor to it. It was incredibly decadent and the caramel really took it to the next level. My dessert wasn't as luxurious, but it definitely sated my chocolate craving. I loved the ice cream that came with it, and found myself wishing for a straw to finish the last bit of it that had already melted. Service could have been better, but in defense of our waitress, she was taking care of about 8-10 tables. She was very personable though, and the meal balanced out the wait. All in all, I loved the restaurant and couldn't believe how beautifully set up it was. I definitely want to return again and try even more of their wonderful food.
5	Went here for the first time ever on Saturday for the brunch. We had a reservation and were seated immediately in the outside grotto area by the hostess. We started out with the cheese plate appetizer and wow it was soooo good!!! I'd recommend it to anyone who loves some tasty cheeses accompanied by fresh fruit and different types of crackers. For our main meal we went with the chicken sandwich and my girlfriend had the salmon salad. Both of these dishes were extremely tasty with so many unique flavors with every bite. I would go back here in anytime!
5	What a hidden gem!  So glad we made our way here during a trip to Phoenix.  Outside dining, fresh and chic without being overbearing and obnoxiously posh, extensive wine list.  We had the mussels and almost drank the broth.  Ahi was sashimi grade, seared perfectly.  Will definitely come back!
5	Get the filet, or the tenderloin. It doesn't get any better. It is a very romantic restaurant. Sit out side in cool weather. It's my wife's and my favorite place to go. Worth every penny, been going their for over 8 years. Take some one worth it, because even if you were in bad company it will still be the best meal you've had.
5	LOVE this place!  Beautiful backdrop, eclectic decorations and you definitely feel like you're at grandma's house.  Food is absolutely delicious!!!  Waitstaff is very well trained and pleasant.  Decent wine list.  This is a must visit every time I am in town.
4	Such a great place with great ambiance... the food was amazing. My boyfriend and I came here for our Valentine's brunch and everything was perfect. The service was a tad slow, but everything else knocked it out of the park! Be warned, the Bloody Mary is spiccccyyy! But good spicy :) Will be here again very soon, definitely waiting for it to be a little warmer at night to try and dinner menu, which looks awesome!
4	Best food in Tempe! Romantic spot, outdoor dining, outstanding filet mignon and even more memorable special starter soup- it was a perfect chili verde soup, not too spicy, with a crumbled cornbread. Mmm! They lose a star because we ate outside and the space heater was not working. I'm a New Englander originally but my boyfriend's blood has already thinned out from living in Phoenix so he was chilly all evening!
4	Expensive but worth it. Lunch is well priced and totally awesome. This is the kind of place you go for an anniversary dinner or fancy date. I've been here once for dinner and once for lunch, and they were 2 of the best meals I have ever had. The service was excellent, and it's the perfect place to have quiet dinner on a cool night out on their lush green patio. Be ready to spend $100-ish on dinner. But it's worth it.
5	Fantastic food. Fantastic atmosphere.
5	I love the atmosphere at House of Tricks. If you didn't already know where the location was, you would not be able to find it just driving down the street! The big trees make for a hidden, romantic patio, and almost makes you feel like you are not in Arizona anymore!! I ordered a White Spanish wine, it was very good. Although it did not go with the Filet I ordered! I believe I ordered it Medium Rare and it was more along the lines of Rare, but I refused to bring it back! It melted in my mouth! The fish was perfect though! I love how the menu is always different!!! I recommend House of Tricks for a Romantic Dinner, anniversary Dinner, or birthday!
3	While in Tempe for some spring training games, my husband and I came here for our anniversary dinner.  We arrived a bit early for our reserved time so we found a nice spot at the bar for a cocktail.  I ordered a house specialty called a "Crunchy Squirrel."  Weird name, strange taste.  Shoulda known better.  The atmosphere is pretty nice on the candle-lit patio, but they have to provide flashlights so you can read the menu. Good thing we showered and changed after the game because it wasn't what I would classify as "casual" attire. Most people were dressed in nice date-night attire like us.By the time I finished my squirrelly drink, the sweet little hostess had tracked us down to seat us. (She was the friendliest staff person we encountered all  evening.) She gave us what seemed to be a pretty nice, intimate little table, but as the evening grew cooler and a little breezy, it became clear that we were too far from the heaters. Our server was very professional but not overly friendly. He had to read the specials from a cheat sheet which didn't seem very knowledgeable or enthusiastic. Our food came out relatively quick but to my disappointment, it was only luke warm and I am a stickler about eating my food HOT. Nevertheless, we both enjoyed our small, expensive portions of grilled salmon and lobster.  Presentation was very nice, but as for taste, the entrees were "okay." Not bad, but not mouth-wateringly yummy, either.  Especially for the prices. Since we were still hungry, we ordered some delish decadent desserts. They were much tastier than the dinner.Overall, I'd say this is a nice place to come for drinks and/or dessert, but the dinner was a bit disappointing.
4	Good food, pleasant garden setting.  Turned off by waitress' saying they couldn't substitute cole slaw in their Reuben and couldn't serve just a bowl of chocolate malt ice cream because they were pre-portioned.
5	Service was attentive and genuine. Food was surprising and delicious. Bone marrow is a must! Butter Fish and Lamb Chop were yummy. I think the play on the parsnip, kale and lamb chop were my fav. Recommended pairing with the big, bad napa cab was perfect. Chris was great and personable. I'll be back!
2	We  were not impressed with our dining experience last night. First we were presented a patio table and the hostess waved us to a table completly covered in wind blown debris from the trees. She quickly walked away leaving us to clean up the mess. I watched as this happened to every other table on the patio. The salad was ok. The pork belly appetizer was just ok as was the butter fish. Attention to detail is sorely lacking.
2	We had an 11:00 am reservation and we arrived a few minutes early, along with a number of folks including an elderly woman. The Hostess working Saturday morning had a rotten disposition and although it was 10:57 refused to seat anyone until exactly 11:00 while she stood behind her podium doing nothing. That was strike one. The restaurant has a fountain with two koi fish floating in barely 6 inches of water. Strike two. Although our waitress was great, the food, while decent, wasn't fantastic. It was ok. We won't be returning, mainly because of the scowling hostess.
5	I've forgotten how good this place is!!! Now that the weather is nicer, I stop by here for lunch a lot. Sitting at the bar with an cold iced tea is so lovely. Be sure to ask for raspberries in the tea, and the bartender will gladly muddle them for you! The staff is so kind and gracious here.Yes, dinner is pricey, but totally worth it. The ahi-tuna dish is perfection! The dish came out and everyone at my table was like WOWWW.If you haven't been here before, I would suggest stopping in for lunch specials first. Much more affordable and it will help you gauge whether you want to stay for dinner. All the sandwiches are good, but again, I'd recommend the lunch specials (usually a soup, quiche, burger/some kind of sandwich). It's hard to find quality soup at restaurants in Tempe, and the soups here are beyond basic tomato or chowders. They really put in an eclectic mix of ingredients.The quiche is nice to pair with the lunch soup. Usually if you order both, they'll give you a nice side of fruit (watermelon, pineapple, cantaloupe, and honeydew). The burger specials here are great because they use quality pretzel-like rolls. Finally, the wine list is exquisite. There's special wines for lunch too!
3	This is a very pretty and cozy romantic place to bring a date.  We came during lunch and the clientele seems almost upscale with well dressed businessmen.  I was impressed upon entry as the place looks classy.My date wanted a glass of wine but the waiter thought she was under 21.  She forgot to bring her ID so no wine for her.  Bummer.  She looks way older than 21.I had ordered a the french dip roast beef sandwich.  It came out so-so.  Way overcooked roast beef and it was very dry.  I had much better roast beef sandwiches for $8 at nice sandwich shops.  The waiter was really nice and offered to take it back which I did.  I then ordered the ruby red trout.  When it came out, it looked like cooked salmon.  I was expecting trout but as the waiter explained it was ruby red trout.  It tasted exactly like salmon and bad salmon at that.  My date took a bite too and agreed it was bad fish.  I told the waiter and he took it back.  I finally go the mashed potatoes which were heavenly.  My date really liked her salad.  She thought it was great.  The place had a lot of orange fruit trees and outside seating during nice weather is good.  Overall I am disappointed in the food quality here as I was expecting some good food based on all the reviews.  Service was good.  Ambiance was great.
4	House of Tricks has been a fixture at Arizona State for a while now.  Lots of open air dining, great food and drink.  The concept works well when the weather is nice...not so well when things get warm but H.O.T. has been around for 20+ years so I think they have figured things out.  This is one of the few decent restaurants that is within walking distance to the Sun Devil Stadium and Wells Fargo arena.  I hope the remodel of Sun Devil Stadium doesn't end up killing all the businesses around ASU while the Devils play their 2014 reg season in Glendale (yuck, #notgoingtothewestsieeeed).
5	I used to come here when I lived in Phoenix and the weather was nice. I've been for happy hours, baby showers, lunches and dinners and there's a reason my friends and co-workers always came back.Coming back for the holidays, I wanted to take my boyfriend (who hadn't been to Phoenix recently and had previously not been beyond Scottsdale) to a cute, romantic, quiet place so he could experience everything I had loved about living in Phoenix.House of Tricks definitely delivered. We had a great time and the food was perfect. Our meals were cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable. My boyfriend is gluten-free (not by choice) and they were able to cater to his dietary needs.
5	I took my wife for our 3 year anniversary. The service was great and so was the food.  I had the duck and it was prepared just right.  The waiter was nice and answered all our questions and gave advice on which dishes to order based on what we like to eat.  The food isn't cheap but if you want high end food, you have to spend money.  We will be back soon.
5	I have been to house of tricks now a few times and I have to say the food here is absolutely delicious!  It's fresh and made to perfection!  The atmosphere is hard to replicate anywhere with the large patio, trees and you're in the heart of downtown Tempe.  The word to describe this place is charming! I would recommend trying the mussels as an appetizer.  The sauce has some chorizo in it and it adds the just the right amount of "spice" to the dish.  I would recommend trying the fish of the day or the short ribs.  This place is perfect for a date, celebration, or happy hour!Say "hi" to Kirk, the manager, my dear friend when you're there! :)
5	Pretty much every aspect of the dining experience here was exceptional, but what stood out the most was the outdoor seating area. Sitting outside on a warm night in late March with blooming flowers and greenery all around made for a sweet smelling, calming, and relaxing atmosphere. Our waitress was incredibly patient (but maybe I say that because my standards have been skewed from living in New York), the food was delicious (I ordered the pesto pasta and there must have been 100 basil leaves in the sauce, it was so flavorful), and the beer list was diverse. I would come back here for a special occasion dinner.
5	Such a special place. if you've never been and you would like to try something neat and different, with a quaint feel..this is it, the food is excellent as well.  It is an old has that has been repurposed into a lovely restaurant and extra seating outside.   I especially love sitting outside when the weather is nice.  There is just such a nice feel about this place, it is different than any other restaurant you will have been to.  I had the filet and it was really good.   I would say it is more for maybe a special occasion or a romantic type evening although I also have been with a group of people for a work event and that worked out too.  I just really like this place!!
3	I wish I could give a higher rating, but our waitress almost never checked in on us and left us waiting forever for the bill, long after the buser had cleared our plates. The food was excellent, so a solid 3 stars and hopefully next time the service is better.The outdoor patio is also lovely.
3	Cozy, yes. Nice place for date, yes. Good presentation, yes. Good food for type and price, no. They try hard and put some interesting ingredients together for the attempt at fine dining that you'd expect here but miss the mark. Our food that looked so good arriving to table fell short in any type of surprised goodness. And for a place that says they are huge on wine, when I ask for a bold red, oaky and spicy, you probably don't want to suggest the Pinot
5	Amazing service, atmosphere, and food. I've dined there three times and each time I am more and more ecstatic about my experience. The menu is innovative and combines flavor combinations that I would never suspect. The chef is extremely creative. I have never been disappointed. The service is warm and professional. I would eat there everyday if I could. The outside dining area is something out of a fairy tale to me. With lush green trees and grass, not a usual place in the middle of Tempe. Everyone should try the mussels they are outstanding!
5	Had an amazing dinner here on a Wednesday night and the place was really busy. We had foie gras starter to share and it was amazing, glad we shared though as we got 4oz of it. For main we had the salmon and the lamb both were beautifully presented and came out quickly and cooked to perfection. To finish we had the expresso creme brulee to share, again a big dessert but a delicious alternative to after dinner coffee. The service was excellent and it was a really pretty setting on the patio. And fun the house of tricks has a resident cat.
5	They have amazing service and even better food! Their food is made to perfection it is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the area! I highly suggest checking it out :)
4	I really want to give them 5 stars and if I am able to eat here again I just may. Wonderful appetizers and great entrees and special tasting deserts. The outside seating is nice and comfortable with plenty of options. I'm digging deep for a complaint, but the wine list for the quality of food could be more robust.
4	The menu here is varied and interesting.  The appetizer selection in particular is quite good.  The drink selection is also more than adequate.  I found the service to be very good, and the ambiance of the outdoor patio is excellent.  The only item that I tried that I thought was average was the Ahi Tuna entree.  It was not bad, but was not as impressive as the rest of the meal.  Nonetheless, I enjoyed the experience and would recommend as a good place for a special occasion dinner.
5	Wonderful food, the outside dining area was well shaded by several large trees, and the atmosphere was totally relaxed.The food was exceptional and wait staff were courteous and prompt.  I will certainly be returning.
5	Excellent place to dine on a nice evening...huge outdoor dining area on patios under trees and lights. Bar area is also nice for a small meal or if on the road alone (such as I was). Food all looked incredible and it took me too long to decide on what I wanted but I finally settled on the scallops and a cheese board. I can't decide which was better but they were both equally delicious. Great and unique flavors, quality ingredients and well prepared! The cheese selection was varied and they were beautifully paired with honey and mustard. The grilled bread was perfection.
3	My group of 5 couples went here for our dinner for prom. We made reservations inside, since it can get hot in May, and were seated in the red room. We started off by ordering drinks and starters. My date and I ordered the Pork Butt and the couple next to is had the Bone Marrow. We were served bread and butter while we waited. The bread was soft on the inside with a nice crust outside. The butter was a sweet herb butter. My date and I loved the appetizer we got. I tried a little of the Bone Marrow and it was very good as well.Next we ordered our entrees. My date ordered the Beef Tenderloin and I ordered the Chicken. When it arrived both plates looked delicious. However, when I actually tried the chicken is was under seasoned and over cooked. Even when I tried layering it with the sides that come with the dish it was not good. Definitely was not worth almost $30 and which is disappointing since I love chicken. My date ordered his tenderloin medium rare and was happy with how it was cooked. I tried a couple bites and wish I would've ordered it instead since it was tender and delicious tasting. We didn't order dessert since we had the dance to go to. So we requested the check.They apparently can't separate checks and gave us one with everything on it. That's fine but for five teen boys trying to figure out how much they owe, was pretty confusing. Luckily our waitress was able to split the food up by couple while still on the same bill and all was worked out.My only other qualm was that our waitress would not check in on us for extended amounts of time. Some of the boys were very thirsty and drank their water in a couple minutes and waited about 20 for a refill. I had high hopes for this restaurant since it was a higher end restaurant and a boy in out group was the one who suggested it because he'd eaten their before. I may go back, but I'll consider other restaurants first.
4	So delicious and the desserts are to die for!
3	Food was ok.  Service was slow.  I was with a large group and there was a group of college students behind us whose conversation was completely inappropriate and loud enough to be overheard by most of the patrons. Not sure I would choose to go here on my own.
3	After reading some very good reviews we decided to come here for dinner and we made a reservation. Our impression on arrival however was not a good one. The hostess was opposite of friendly. She seemed stressed and in a bad mood and I have no idea why because they weren't busy at all.We were seated and at first I was thrilled with our table. It was private and placed between two trees. I soon realized it was not so peachy when the wait staff kept using it as a walkway. It was a tight space and each time they slid through I thought they were going to bump my arm. It was so annoying!  FOOD- just alright. I had the tagliatelle pasta and it was so saucy with way too much pesto. Disappointing.SERVICE- she started off well and then towards the end was very slow and not attentive.  All in all the experience was not that great and I would say try somewhere else as this restaurant seems hit or miss. Also,it is pricey so you would think they would have excellent staff to give their customers a nice experience from start to finish, part of what you are paying for correct?
3	The artichoke dip is great!! But the veg dishes aren't that great plus you have to pay for parking
1	My experience was poor. I was so excited to try this place after seeing and hearing so many good things. When I arrived the hostess was rude and pretended that I didn't exist until she realized that I wasn't going away. We were sat quite quickly, but it took nearly 15 minutes before our waiter came to take a drink order. I ordered ne of their signature drinks and was pleased when it arrived. Our waiter brought out bread and herb butter, but the butter was nearly frozen and impossible to spread over the cold bread. I was a little taken back by the pricing on the menu, and I'm not cheap by any means. In fact a table of eight were seated near us, and once they saw the menu, the entire party left. Well it took our waiter another 15 minutes to come back and take our order. I chose the beef tenderloin and my date chose the fish. After getting refilled three times, the waiter came to us and said that our food is coming, but that the kitchen was backed up. There weren't that many people there so I wasn;t buying it but we waited....and waited....and after 40 minutes I was brought a cold steak on a hot plate...not happy. I mentioned it to the waiter and all he said was that he could have another made. I said I didn't have another 40 minutes to waste as it was after 9PM when I got my food to begin with. He left and came back later with a huge smile and the bill. First and last time dining here. Portions are small, price is high, and I could have had the same meal for half the price some place else.
5	4.5 starsMade reservations for dinner, and we were promptly seated outdoors (our request). The atmosphere and general was more sophisticated. They did a lovely job of the outdoor dining area - simple, but nice. I ordered a dirty martini which was made well and my sister in law had ordered the Green Thing which was good (and I usually don't like gin). We ordered the mussels and shaved Brussels sprouts for our appetizers - both were amazing! We could not stop dipping our bread in the mussels' sauce!My sister in law ordered the lamb and I ordered the salmon - wow! Loved the kale that came with my salmon and her lamb was well cooked! Our server was very attentive and engaging. We did not have to look for her once. One of the best restaurants that I have been to in AZ so far.
5	We have chosen to eat here on numerous occasions over the past 5 years or so.  We are never disappointed.  Food and service always superior.
3	Bad Service: Had to ask the hostess three times for a high chair for my babyBad Service: I asked do you guys do anything for birthdays, got different answers: hostess says we can do a birthday cake, then waitress said no complimentary slice of cake, but we can put candles in it and then in the end they didn't even do that! shame as we went there specifically to celebrate a birthday and they dropped the ball... it's the little things.Good: Food was very good.
5	This has been my go to spot while attending ASU. It had the best atmosphere and amazing food. The lunch menu is delicious and affordable, sitting outside for lunch with a glass of whatever wine they have on special is a great way to spend an afternoon! Dinner is pricey but worth it for those special occasions. I have never had anything that wasn't absolutely delicious. Brunch on the weekends is outstanding!
5	This was our first time found this place on yelp and had to writeGreat food awesome service
5	Excellent food, excellent service.  A perfect place to celebrate my mother's 68th birthday.  We will definitely be back to try the dinner menu and the awesome bar/patio when the weather is cooler.
5	We were five friends for a ladies luncheon to celebrate an engagement. As usual, the service was spot on and friendly. The atmosphere is perfect for special occasions. It's too hot right now to sit on the patio, so we had a nice table inside with lots of windows. I ordered the salmon flatbread with arugula. The salmon was so delicious. The flatbread itself was a little chewy, so I would not order this dish again. Others at the table had the lox with black beans, which was artfully presented; the chicken salad with goat cheese, which looked delicious but perhaps had too much bread. We also had a chicken Shwarma salad with fruit, and a house salad with grilled chicken. Everyone loved their meals. We had a delightful time.
5	I took my daughter here for her 16th birthday and it will be a night that both of us will never forget!First of all I have to say that the woman emerging from my little baby girl looked amazing and makes me want to buy more guns.From the very moment we arrived until our departure....everything was perfect!!You simply cannot go to places like this and eat off the dollar menu.Two appetizers, two of their perfectly cooked ribeyes and two desserts later and I would have paid $1,000 for this splendid meal.Service:great. Atmosphere:perfect.  Food: outstanding.Sharing this special moment of my daughters life....priceless.
4	This place was pretty good. I liked the decor and the ambiance. We came at lunch time and we had a great experience. It was a little crowded, but nothing worth complaining about. The menu is just divine and creative. I thoroughly enjoyed my salad. I would definitely come back and sit outside (for dinner).
5	Love this place. Always enjoy the food, service, and ambiance.  We had fresh fish of the day which is consistently fantastic,  service always fabulous,  such a nice relaxing eve for special days.
3	Ok, so I think that this place would have received 4-5 stars upon my first visit just the other night, but the service sucked! So, we sat down in the bar area at one of the high top tables around 6:30 pm and there seemed to be only one guy working that whole area. He was not only serving but he was bartending as well. I have been to great restaurants all over the world and could not understand why they had just one guy working a very busy area. There were people all around the bar ordering food and drinks and those of us who were at the high top tables as well. The other staff continued to walk by and head to their respective areas of service. We waited for a while for him to come back after giving us the drink menus. We did not eat until about 7:45 pm, which is unacceptable!!! I have a busy life and was not expecting to have to wait all night for a meal after a long day of work!!!!!My guy friend that I was with who loves this place, reassured me that it is not always like this, but I am still annoyed.THe food on the other hand was awesome and my bourbon infused drink left me feeling pretty nice, since, I obviously had an empty stomach!Not sure if I would go back...
4	Great food, atmosphere and staff.  Scallops appetizer was really good.  I had the salmon with brussels sprouts.   Delicious
1	I was visiting from out of town and we used yelp to find this establishment and they must have got a new chef.  The waiter told us that he has tables on the other side of the restaurant and that we should just holler at anyone if he is not around.  I'm sorry but I expect better service.  Secondly, I ordered rack of lamb medium rare.  The meat by the rib bone was not even cooked.  The fat by the rib bone was still gummy and white.  My friends orders a seafood dish with various small chunks of dried out seafood.
4	Came to celebrate a special occasion with our family. The Bourbon with Vanilla Beans and Figs was incredible and highly recommended. I had two of those along with the lamb. The food is very expensive as are the drinks but the service is excellent. For a high end expensive restaurant, I give it 4 stars. Not quite 5 stars comparing it to other high end restaurants. I'd definitely come back again.
5	Incredible! Everything is great there! The ambiance, the food, the service. It is all first class. Just sad that they aren't open year round as its a place I could every week! I highly recommend this as a first date spot, anniversary spot, or just taking business colleagues out.
4	I haven't been here in a long time, but all the times I've been here, the food was amazingly great.  It's a great ambiance, but the prices are a bit steep.Hopefully sometime in the near future, my husband and I can come here, but it's not really his type of food, rather mine.Food is delish and elegant, tasty, but portions are on the light side, which is fine.
2	The food was great. The inside was tiny. The decor and building were cheap. For the price I'd expect a more comfortable chair to sit in and less terrible fake potted plants for decoration. The patio looked nice but let's be honest, it's Arizona. Why would I want to sit on a patio when it's 108 at 9pm.
3	(insert joke about how this is really a house of "Treats")*cricket sounds* Now that we've all had a good laugh...Get the grilled chicken sandwich. It's quality meat, and goat cheese, bacon, and fig jam pretty universally take every sandwich from "um, sure" to "oh, yes." The pistachio butter and jelly on a croissant is interesting, but is more of a novelty than a substantial lunch choice. The turkey club was least popular, but this shouldn't be an issue because you're ordering the grilled chicken sandwich, anyway [see beginning of paragraph.]In terms of ambiance, I'd bring my grandma here before I brought a date, because the environment and the lunch plates are all detail-oriented and dainty, plus the feel is cute and cozy, even in 100+ degree heat. However, if you're dating a grandma, please ignore this section.
5	This was possibly the best dinner experience my husband and I have ever had.   We went here for dinner before going to a show at Gammage Theater.  The waiter asked us if we were going to the show that night and assured us that he would have us done in plenty of time to get there on time.  The service was great the whole night.Drinks - I ordered the Peach Basil Martini - delicious and creative.  My husband got the Salty Old Fashioned which is made with Fig and Vanilla Infused Bourbon.  They were both delicious.  Entrees - I got the Togarashi Seared Ahi Tuna.  I was in love with my food.  It was delicious.  My husband got the Burgandy Braised Short Ribs, also delicious and so tender.  Portion sizes were great - not so much food that you felt you would waste and not too little either.  Dessert - Our waiter suggested the Salted Caramel-Apple Bread Pudding with Cinnamon Whipped Cream.  A perfect ending to a perfect meal.
5	I had an exceptional lunch experience at House of Tricks yesterday.  While there were a few things they could improve it was clear that this was a 5 star deal/establishment.I started my meal off with a cup of exotic Asian beef soup.  The flavors included corn and cilantro.  The soup was incredible, possible one of the best soups I have ever had.  The broth was clear and light.  Temperature and spice was precise.  Clearly hit the spot.  I then had a lovely ahi tuna salad.  Portion was huge, tuna perfect and lightly dressed.  The pasta and veggies underneath were tasty and refreshing, perfect for a hot summer day.The problems here are a few.  Acoustics are really bad.  The floor is wood as are all the furnishings.  It was very noisy and hard to hear others at my table.  The outside is a tad rundown.  Looks like they need some paint and repairs.  Does not have the best curb appeal for a high end establishment.Service was wonderful.  I will definitely be coming back.
4	Have been more than once. Taken friends there too. Always a good experience. Like the people, the layout and the food. Not often in Phoenix but when we do visit, we always make a point of dining here at least once. Our experience has always been for lunch so cannot comment on dinner.  We agree with the other positive reviews.
5	I travel to Phoenix about once a month and have discovered that I absolutely adore this restaurant and have to come every time I am in town. Inside/Outside, no matter where it's absolutely divine. The wait staff is great and the changing menu never disappoints.
4	I took my then girlfriend to House of Tricks for the first time, back in May 2014.  It was an overall excellent experience.  The food was great; the service was prompt and polite. My favorite part, was the atmosphere.  You would never know that you were less than a mile from the center of campus.  What a breath of fresh air for a Tempe native, well out of the blissful college years.  It was pricey, but you get what you pay for.  Wont be a frequent dinner spot for me, but I would highly recommend for special occasions with a loved one.  Pro-tip: Save room for the banana pudding.
5	I had lunch here on Friday for the first time with some coworkers and everyone was very pleased with their food.  Jimmy and Vic each ordered the Cast Iron Green Chile Smoked Pork Tamale and both raved about it.  April ordered the Grilled Salmon with Chive Risotto Cake and loved it.  Jessica ordered the Moroccan Fruit and Chicken Shawarma Salad -- again, she had only good things to say.  I chose the House Made Meat Loaf which is without a doubt the best meatloaf I have ever eaten (sorry, Mom).  Check out the lunch menu for complete descriptions of each dish.  For dessert we ordered the blueberry tea mousse and the bread pudding.  The mousse was excellent, although the dark chocolate crumbles at the bottom of the glass could have been omitted IMHO (and I love dark chocolate).  It didn't really seem to add anything to the otherwise wonderful dessert -- maybe it was because we were all stuffed beyond belief by the time we reached the bottom of the glass.  The real killer, however, was the bread pudding.  If you've never had bread pudding you really should put this on your bucket list, and if you a fan of bread pudding, well, this version, with cubes of apple molded in with the bread cubes and served with a warm cinnamon and brown sugar sauce, will make your head explode.  The very next day I brought my partner, who is a big meat loaf fan, and he seconded my opinion, while I went for the Smoked Pork Tamale (which is a lot of food) and loved every bite.  The restaurant occupies two converted houses and the atmosphere reminded me a lot of Santa Monica -- casual and comfortable.  Plenty of outdoor seating with misters, or you can ask to be seated inside, where I sat both times.  The serving staff was spot on -- very attentive and friendly -- ask for Southie if she's working.  The only downside was they are not open on Sunday and don't serve brunch, just lunch (although I did spot a version of Eggs Benedict on the lunch menu).  Altogether a wonderful dining experience.  Looks like we have a new favorite restaurant!
5	I had an amazing birthday dinner here and simply cannot wait to return! The service was top notch, the food was amazing, and the atmosphere was lovely in the evening on the patio.We started with the wagyu bone marrow app, which was rich and fabulous flavor with mushrooms. I had the fresh fish (Cod for the evening) which was a larger than expected portion and cooked perfectly. My husband had the short ribs and the sauce was wonderful. They have an extensive wine list and the server was very knowledgeable when I asked her questions for recommendations. We had another drink at the cozy bar at the end of the night. The cocktails were well mixed and I even had a bourbon martini that I loved, even though I don't really drink bourbon. :-) I have literally been wanting to come here for the last couple years since I heard great things about House of Tricks and they did not disappoint! I cannot wait to go back and thank you for making my day!!
2	We went there with a group of girls to have happy hour an dinner, we sat up by the bar due to the dining room being full, which was fine, great out door patio. Happy hour ended at 6pm we were there at 5 pm to enjoy in the specials. The water girl was right on it but when it came to getting drinks we had to flag the server down an then flag him down again for appetizers,  then for a 3rd an 4th time to order dinner an more drinks! The food was awsome,  I had the beef tenderloin which melted in my mouth. The "trick" is that the servers never ask how anything was or if you need anything such as silverware an you have to hunt them down!  We spent $225 for a party of 4 an I expected way better service for that!  Sorry about the low tip! I would return if I could get it as take out cause the service was horrible!
4	Good food, good service and nice patio.  First time here.  Had the salmon salad and an iced tea with raspberries.  Both were very tasty.  Will definitely go back sometime for dinner on the patio.
2	Food was excellent but service in the bar area was awful! My group of 5 girls that spent $225 there and we had to flag someone down every time to get silverware, drinks, menus, order and then our tab! The 2 bartenders sat at talked while we were sitting with empty drinks! Will not be back!
5	Came by for a late lunch on my way to the airport. Never been so happy my flight was delayed. The vegetarian burger was awesome! Served with a delicious side of fresh fruit. Patio bar is the place to sit. I felt like I was in the islands. Very chill. Great service. Look forward to coming back on my next visit.
2	I had been planning to go to House of Tricks for quite some time, but when I finally did I was very disappointed. As a general restaurant I'd probably give it 3 stars, but the price range demands higher expectations. The service seemed very unprofessional, our server didn't know anything about the dishes or wines. I ordered a tenderloin cooked medium-rare and it came out medium-well. In addition, the quality of the meat was definitely below par for a $35+ steak.
2	Was very disappointed with our last visit. We had planned ahead to visit House of Tricks before going to a play. Called ahead to find out how early we should arrive so that we could enjoy ourselves. When we arrived it was not very busy and definitely was nowhere as full as we have seen on other visits. The waiter was pleasant enough but not very attentive. We were with friends and did not want to be pushy or bossy but it took an hour and a half for us to receive our dinner. We really did not even have the opportunity to find out what was going on with our food because the waiter was nowhere in sight. When we received our dinner we asked for our check, shoved our food in our mouths and ran for the play. As we were leaving the waiter said "you should have told us you were in a rush". Honestly I thought that by planning ahead making a reservation allowing the amount of time that the restaurant recommend was enough. I did not think that I had to tell the waiter my plans for the evening in order to get our food in a timely manner. Everyone did comment that it was Restaurant Week but the restaurant was not full and it was early enough in the evening that they should have been able to ensure that we had time to enjoy our food or even check back with us to tell us why our food was taking so long. We were in great company so in no way was it a bad evening. We are just very disappointed that the Restaurant did not take care of us the way they should have. Nor did they even care to return our call to discuss what had occurred. It just goes to show that you do not always get what you pay for $$$$ and especially not at the House of Ticks.
3	I've been here several times and the food is always top notch.  Fine dining size portions and creativity are what you get here.  The patio is fantastic.  The service has never been what I consider to be exceptional, just average.  On this occasion we waited for about 8 minutes before anyone came and took our drink order.  We went there for restaurant week menu and the menu that was on the table was the wrong one.  Not a big deal just not something I expect.  Now, my pet peeve is when a restaurant that has such a nice menu and atmosphere serves me bread with cold hard butter.  How are you supposed to spread cold hard butter on your bread.  The server said they keep it in the cooler because if they didn't they couldn't scoop it to serve it. This tells me one thing.  They use crappy butter.  Good butter can be stored and should be served at room temp.  No real fine dining establishments will serve you hard butter that is not spreadable.  Other than that irritating me, the pork belly, flat iron, and carrot cake were great.
3	Have had lunch here on several occasions & it's been great but the recent experience was not quite so pleasant.A group of us decided to go there for dinner before a show at Gammage. It was restaurant week so we made reservations well in advance allowing plenty of time. We were never asked if we were going to a show. Service was incredibly slow and when we had not yet received appetizers 40 min after placing our order, we were starting to panic. When we finally caught our server we told her that we were attending a 7:30 performance and she seemed so surprised. Food came pretty fast after that but unfortunately, 5 out of 7 dinners were cold. I think the cold meals were all from the restaurant week menu. Too bad as the food was good.We barely finished and rushed out the door, just making it in time for the show.I am sure I will go back again but I think I will stick to lunch from now on. I found it surprising that they just didn't seem to be prepared for a Sat night with both restaurant week and a show at Gammage. Was this a surprise to them???
5	House of Tricks has been impressive on many occasions.  We often go for lunch on Saturdays and keep trying new dishes every time we are in.  Last week I tried the pastrami and, as always, discovered a new favorite.  The awesome mustard and the pork pastrami were perfect combination with the marbled rye.  With every item, expect a unique take on classics, what might be a simple turkey cheddar melt is turned into a totally new sandwich, making it impossible to order anywhere else without in inevitable comparison.  When they have the raspberry ice tea, get it, real crushed raspberry in your glass is the perfect county club touch to complete your experience.Lastly, the service is excellent and friendly every time.  The staff is always ready to recommend the right wine and always seem to be right there when your glass runs dry.  When the temperature is right, the patio is a great place to dine and the table linens really give it that upscale, but very welcoming feel.  I highly recommend House of Tricks and have no doubt it will become one of your favorites as well.
5	We went here earlier today and had a great experience. It has a beautiful patio with tons of shade. The staff were friendly and helpful. The food was very delicious and came out quickly.  They also have fantastic, spicy bloody Mary's.  We plan on returning here again and would most definitely recommend it.
4	Savored the Ono "Fish of the Day" menu.  Served with goat cheese scalloped potatoes. Malt vinegar syrup with fish was perfect.  service is awesome as always. Finished our meal with Pistachio Date Apple crisp, another dessert special.  I'd provide pix but we were in the outdoor patio and it was too dim.  We had to use our phones to read the menu. the place was buzzing for dinner service, luckily we didn't have to wait for a table.  I recommend making reservations ahead of time. Make this place to take your special guests for dinner.  In the heart of ASU campus, minus the students. Pricey according to Yelp, but worth every penny!
5	this place is too cool, and the food is awesome! it fits for everybody whether your dressed up or in jeans you will fit right in..
5	All the 5 star reviews are correct. This place is amazing. The ambience, location and staff start your experience off right and the food delivers a home run. We went with a group of 10 people and everyone got a different plate and only rave reviews. Wine list was great and they also had all the drinks for the ladies.
2	This was my first time at this restaurant with my girlfriend. We dinned last night on Halloween. Let me say I'm a foodie and have eaten at many places around the country. It started off poorly with checking in with the hostess. We arrived early and just wanted to check in. As a customer, I'm not interested about your prior seatings with customers and how stressed you are. No, smile or a welcome. Hostess being very young for the job and not having the appropriate communication skills, maturity, and dress. Granted, this is a college town. However, if I was the owner, first impressions matter. You want someone mature,knowledgeable and dress more classy than casual attire. We waited at the bar and found the bartender staff very nice, professional, and extremely helpful. We were not charged for our drinks after I expressed my discontent to the bartender staff. They were great communicating this to the restaurant staff. Our waiter was great. However, the food quality does not meet the price they are charging. It's way overpriced. I had the beef tenderloin with a bacon reduced sauce. It was way to salty and the beef had a line of tough connective tissue in the middle. Not prime meat!! Seen better at Costco. The bathroom floor was slightly wet and looked dirty. The exhaust vent had loads of dust. Overall, this restaurant claims to be slightly upscale and prices its dishes as such. It misses the mark in many small ways. If I was the owner, I would review hostess job, clean the bathrooms, food quality needs to be examined better when coming from kitchen. I doubt prices will change. It's a nice location. It just needs a little better attention to details. I probably won't go back again. Their are other restaurants with better quality.
4	This restaurant probably has the best location and layout of any restaurant in the valley.  It's a hidden gem that I think gets looked over too easily, but honestly I like it that way.  The crowd here is older, not sure why but you never seen college kids here which is strange.  Concerning the fair, the food is really good but not great however, it's better than most but in Tempe that's not saying a lot.  The menu isn't very extensive though so that really subtracts from its appeal.Lastly the service, the service here is wonderful, the staff are just so nice and attentive.  However, it must be said that they are not very expedient, be prepared to wait not for the food to come but for you server to come.All in all this place ties for best restaurant in Tempe with its neighbor the Chop Shop.
4	Here's a tip: check the ASU game schedule if you're making reservations during football season!  Something I neglected to do, and we ended up being stuck in game traffic, re-routed around a bunch closed streets, and arriving 30 minutes late for our reservation only to have nowhere to park.  Luckily, there was an empty spot in the lot behind the restaurant, and they were still able to accommodate our reservation, so it all worked out in the end.We chose this place because we wanted a fancy restaurant that wasn't a steakhouse or seafood place.  House of Tricks delivered.  Food was amazing.  Atmosphere is intimate and just what the husband and I were hoping for on our date night.  Although we'd been here to eat before, it was 6 or 7 years ago so I wasn't sure what to expect.  I will say that I enjoyed the outside ambiance of this visit much more than I did the inside ambiance I remember from the first visit.  It's just so pretty on the outdoor patio, especially in the evening when the weather is nice.  And despite the tree we sat under that kept dropping its giant flowers on me!  Just as we were finishing our meal, a large party was seated on the patio next to us, and I was immensely grateful that we were almost done, because they were very loud, drunk, and obnoxious.  One of the other hazards of eating there on game night!We'll definitely be back.  Just not on game night!
5	Wow. No. Words. This place is incredible. My favorites are the mussels and the Foie Gras. The pork belly is very good also. Dessert was outstanding; I highly recommend the buttery bread pudding.Service provided by Karen was outstanding. We will definitely be back.
5	Sprawling, private, outdoor dining - check. Beer, wine, and cocktail menu spanning 10+ pages - check. Delicious, complex, and diverse food - check.  There are many reasons to love House of Tricks, these are just a few.  Others include excellent service, a prime location in the heart of Tempe, and a beautiful outdoor bar.  The restaurant is truly unique, and a welcome break from the typical tan, stucco box restaurants around Phoenix.  I've been eating here for years and keep coming back to sample new things on the menu.  My latest visit introduced me to the short ribs and they were rich, moist, just perfect.  For starters, we tried the cheese platter, the mussels, and the wild boar... all were excellent.  Dessert was also good, a salted caramel gelato.  Expect to pay up for all this greatness, but it is worth it.  It's a great spot for a romantic date night, or a quiet business dinner in a unique setting.  I'll be back, soon!
5	One of my favorite spots in downtown Tempe!  Perfect for lunch, dinner, happy hour.  The best lunch dish is the salmon.  Crispy risotto cake, mixed-greens. Fabulous iced teas. Very unique taste and the patio setting is perfect, most of the time in Arizona weather.  Tricks also has an extensive wine menu which is totally worth exploring!
5	their menu is always changing, but their is always something awesome to try. I had mixed emotions upon hearing of  Fletcher's departure. Cheers mates and see you soon.
5	Beautiful setting, lovely night, perfect food, good company, a great waiter.  Couldn't have been better.
3	Have been there twice in last 2 weeks. Fisrt time wasThursday 11/6 to welcome a friend to town. Was seat in vineyard section - not nearly as nice as seating in front. Food was great ,but very loud  and intoxicatedload  guests sat next to us. Service was poor.We the first seated in that overflow section and the last to be served. On Saturday the 15th we sat in front. Food was good, but service was poor .Surprised that when buser cleared our appetizer plates he put used silverware back on the table. Their prices warrant better service. Also waited inline for the men's room. Apparently a patron locked the door on the way out. Four guys were waiting to get in  (one holer). Manager finally came and opened the locked door. Although I like the ambiance of this restaurant, the poor service and prices for what we got would make me very hesitant to go back there anytime soon even though the food was great. It isn't worth the hassle.Also called to see whether the restaurant could do something special like flowers or birthday cake for my twin sisters birthday. They couldn't -- referred me to a local bakery inTempe for a birthday cake,
5	You would never know this place was even here. Tucked away near ASU. Lovely atmosphere. Great wine list.I tried the bruschetta with goat cheese, figs, prosciutto and arugula. Deeeelish!Filling, so I didn't get to try the salmon on the menu that sounded too fabulous.Cup of soup Sweet Potato and green chile. Sweet and smoky a hint of spice and crispy bacon. Very nice.Definitely a place I will frequent when I'm in the area.
5	Great restaurant.  This is our regular spot for special occasions.  Anniversaries, birthdays, graduations or a random Thursday night....  Great atmosphere and a rotating menu make for a  constantly evolving experience.
3	I really wanted to just love this place, I mean, I just wanted to love it so bad. We went on a Tuesday night for dinner service. The ambiance was great, and it was a cute little restaurant. The service was terrible....I mean terrible. We waited for every single thing, from order taking to food arrival. Our main dishes arrived 40 mins after we ordered. There was never an apology, or even a, "hey sorry we are running a little behind." They simply just allowed us to wait. The bread they brought out was ok, but it was cold. The butter is what made the bread good, but the bread would be so much better if it was warm. The food was good, luke warm, but very good. I ordered the short rib, and I loved the flavor and sauce. I would give it another shot.
5	New Zealand lamb and the salted caramel bread pudding. I was left grunting with happiness. Twice. Nothing more to say, except come here. More than once. Life becomes that much better when you do.
5	The best rack of lamb I have ever had!
4	One of our favorites... Great service, delicious food , and nice ambience.. Perfect for date night
5	I've only been to House of Tricks once, so you can take my review with a grain of salt if you want! We came to eat with a party of 6, and I was really impressed with the atmosphere and wait staff. Being a non-AZ visitor, obviously I was in love with sitting outside by the firepit in December. The waiters always made sure we had full water glasses and drinks, but they were careful not to be in the way or too obtrusive - clearly well trained. Everyone was super happy with their waiter-guided wine choices and cocktails.I ordered the scallops appetizer, and the salmon entree. My husband had the mussels appetizer and the lamb entree (I assume this rotates regularly). Everything was absolutely *to die* for. I will say that the mussels were enough to be an entree in themselves! The scallops were some of the best cooked I've ever had.definitely a little pricey, but worth it for a date night (or when you're parents visit!)
4	We are periodic guests here, and never have been disappointed. The food is consistently very good to excellent. Service is pleasant, knowledgable, and efficient. The wine list has many reasonably priced great options from around the world. And this is one of the best patios in the valley. Certainly, this is the place to eat if you are in the Tempe area.
5	Date night for my husband and I.  We've been here before and are never disappointed.  Love the casual, beautiful, and cozy atmosphere.  Food tastes fancy, but the environment isn't too pretentious, which is right up our alley.  The service has always been amazing.  Favorite dish was the mussels appetizer.  To. Die. For.  And, you can't beat the expansive wine menu.
4	Great menu, lots of shade, excellent service!
4	Just beautiful.  Had the roast beets with gorgonzola and it was divine.  Wine list is good but a little pricy.  They have a beautiful patio and the service was very friendly and polite.  I will definitely be back soon.
5	Such a lovely place. The food is amazing and the ambiance is relaxing.
4	Great selection of one-of-a-kind food. Warm ambiance, knowledgeable wait staff. A classic treat of Tempe.
4	Shared drinks and appetizers with a coworker. The outdoor dining space is lovely, and although I am from WI and think outdoor heaters are silly when its 60 plus degrees, the locals seemed to LOVE them, so good for House of Tricks for knowing their audience. At first, service was a little slow- taking almost 10 minutes for out drink order. But they were pretty busy and we were seated behind a giant plant. Had the butternut squash gnocchi, which was simply prepared but flavorful. The scallops were tender, hot on the outside and perfect on the inside. The korean baby back ribs, were ample, tasty and although not really authentic, a very good dish. The PEI mussels had lots of extra broth, which made dipping fun. The quail bulgogi was tasty, but very odd to share b/c of its small size (we should have known better). Great overall experience and about $100!
4	This spot feels out of place sometimes considering it's location right in the middle of college apartments and bars. Not far from Mill Avenue and worth the walk. Very nice outdoor seating with great foliage. We ended up sharing three starters: the scallops were perfect; great size and perfectly cooked and seasoned. Then the pork belly which was good but not great; I would have preferred it a little crispier. Finally, we had the gnocchi which was so good we ordered another! Only thing that was unfortunate on our day were the flies outside near the bar, but I think that was a rare occurrence based on my experiences.
4	This spot feels out of place sometimes considering it's location right in the middle of college apartments and bars. Not far from Mill Avenue and worth the walk. Very nice outdoor seating with great foliage. We ended up sharing three starters: the scallops were perfect; great size and perfectly cooked and seasoned. Then the pork belly which was good but not great; I would have preferred it a little crispier. Finally, we had the gnocchi which was so good we ordered another! Only thing that was unfortunate on our day were the flies outside near the bar, but I think that was a rare occurrence based on my experiences.
4	Dinner last night was great. Service from all of the staff was amazing. Location is easy to get to with plenty of parking close by. Had the roasted chicken which was prepared perfectly and others in our group had the salmon. Which they said was delightful.
4	Great selection of one-of-a-kind food. Warm ambiance, knowledgeable wait staff. A classic treat of Tempe.
4	Very cool place. Go on nice day to sit outside. Twinkle lights and fire at night. Food and service great. Sitting at patio bar fun too. Very romantic fun place. See you there!
4	Cozy atmosphere in the inside and lovely patio. Food and service was great both at lunch and dinner. I highly recommend saving room for dessert. I would have given it 5 stars but I just wasn't a fan of their cocktails.
4	Not far from Mill Avenue and worth the walk. Very nice outdoor seating with great foliage. We ended up sharing three starters: the scallops were perfect; great size and perfectly cooked and seasoned. Then the pork belly which was good but not great; I would have preferred it a little crispier. Finally, we had the gnocchi which was so good we ordered another! Only thing that was unfortunate on our day were the flies outside near the bar, but I think that was a rare occurrence based on my experiences.
1	My daughter and I had a 7 pm reservation last night. We arrived and were offered a seat at a two top right next to the door. It was very cold so I asked for a different table. The seemingly too bored to care hostess said the only other option was also by a door, despite there being MANY open tables. We sat and were ignored for about 10-12 minutes before a bus boy dropped a basket of icy cold, dry baguette slices on our table and told us the compound butter this evening was "orange poppy seed" (sweet). We waited another 10 minutes without anyone giving us a word or a glance, despite several waitstaff walking by our table several times. We got up and left without anyone saying a word. My daughter realized she left her purse and went back to get it. A waiter was standing near our table and he looked at her questioningly but still not a word. I don't know whether we were ignored because we were two women, or they have bad service generally, or it was just a bad night. We walked over to La Bocca and were welcomed beautifully and served a delicious meal (see review). When next in town, we will revisit La Bocca (a house of treats for us) but not House of Tricks.
5	Amazing food and atmosphere.
