4	Thinking about fresh uni reminded me about the only all you can eat sushi place that I respect (never, ever mention Todai to me *puke*).  The only all you can eat aspect is the price.  Everything else is freshly made when you order.  They limit you to one of Amaebi, Uni or Toro but everything else is free for all.  This would be good sushi even without the all you can eat price tag but is the cream on top.
3	Good deal on the all-you-can-eat where it's everything on the menu included, and make to order which is nice too.Definitely a good deal if that's what you are looking for.  If you want really solid sushi then it's not the answer, although I suspect in LV that the solution would be really expensive.  c'est la vie.
4	Yama's a good neighborhood place for sushi.  Like others have said, it's not the best bet for the best sushi, but if all you're looking for is to go out and chow down on an all-you-can-eat special and you're nearby, there's really no better choice.  It's definitely better than Sushi on Trop for both sushi and other dishes like bentos and the like.  Their salmon teriyaki here is great.  The service is always quick and friendly, and if you become a regular they treat you like one.  It's not in the best strip mall ever built, but it makes the quality a little bit of a surprise.  Recommended if you're in the area.
3	It's not sushi from a 7-11 or Ralph's, but not quality like Hide or Nobu either, just your everyday run-of-the-mill strip mall sushi joint.Stopped in here last Friday with a couple friends and had their AYCE deal, which for the price and selection is typical. We ordered four disappointing  orders of Hamachi among some appetizers and rolls. Avoid the fried chicken pieces appetizer - very fatty. The only thing that tasted exactly like I thought it would was the edamame and mochi - that's not saying much!
2	POP QUIZWhich of the following don't mix well?A. Oil and waterB. Lasik surgery and couponsC. Sushi and buffetsD. All of the above, but especially C.This was pretty nasty.  I was ready to leave after the first roll came out.  The tuna was bright pink.....PINK!!!....as in neon pink like the hair on my sister's My Little Pony....neon pink like they cross-bred my maguro with a  flamingo, neon pink like...you get the point.
3	I enjoyed this sushi place. When I was attending UNLV for my Master's, I came here for lunch with fellow classmates. It was never crowded at lunch time and early dinner time. The food was always very fresh, but the prices were elevated, considering that the food selection was anything but special. The food selection was just run of the mill sushi place. Nothing too tradtional or too novel, yet it was good. I probably won't come here very often unless I am in UNLV area. There is nothing "special" about this sushi place, but it is better and fresher than many in the Vegas area.Service is poor and prices are high, especially for being located almost right on a college campus. Servers and owners could use an attitude adjustment and lower their prices and then I would be a slightly more loyal customer.
4	Even though this restaurant is in an unassuming strip mall, it really turned out to be a fun and delicious place to eat. Their sushi is fresh and tasty and the employees are friendly and helpful. I liked how the sushi chefs knew little English but were eager to help and get us whatever we needed. They have an all-you-can-eat deal for $19.95. I don't know if it's for lunch only or dinner as well. My friend and I quickly hit the $20 mark without going with the all-you-can-eat deal. The chef noticed and asked if we wanted to switch over to the all-you-can-eat deal. Nice of him to do that. I had a few pieces of sushi (salmon, smoked salmon and tuna roll) along with sushi salad. It's a salad with strips of tuna, salmon, octopus and yellowtail mixed in with some bits of spring lettuce mix and a spicy mayonnaisey sauce. At $6.95, it's a bit expensive but good. They have a long sushi bar and a bunch of tables all around. Nobody seems to be in a hurry here so relax and enjoy yourself. I have only been here for lunch so I don't know how it is for dinner. This place is worth the drive if you need a rest from the crazy strip.
1	Worst service ever.  I grew up on sushi and the food in this place was just not good enough to visit again especially after the horrendous service.  I understand Korean fluently and I did not appreciate some of the things the employees were saying about the customers.
1	Yuck!  Worst all you can eat sushi experience ever!  I recommend that you take your money and go elsewhere.
4	I have always had great experiences here. The sushi is good and is cheap. Great place for lunch. I always sit at the sushi bar and receive great service. In response to the review saying the rolls and huge; 75% of the rolls are available in a half portion, that way you are able to try more. Ask for the sexy salmon which is not on the menu. It is a piece of Salmon nigri with a piece of lemon, jalapeno, and special sauce.
4	-- The sushi is good. 23 bucks for all u can eat anything off the menu is unbeatable. That means anything off their given menu..... sushi, appetizers, dessert..... everything. -- I've gone there 3 times in the past 3 trips to vegas. Cousin brought me there to eat and make it point to go back everytime I'm in vegas. -- Japanese cooks can mess up Japanese food. But this place doesnt. -- Their special rolls are fun to try out. They usually have 20 special rolls of the night. -- FYI, I was told alot of sushi restaurants in Vegas are moving toward to the all u can eat format. But this place has been doing it for years now. -- Service was good.KngKonga's take home advice:-- Order and try appetizers you wouldnt normally order. It's a good opportunity to try things if you havent tried different Japanese dishes.
4	Great service, good menu, fair prices.  I've visited this one several times, and would gladly return.  It's a decent place comparable to other sushi joints I've been to around town.  They offer an all-you-can-eat option that follows the same rules as other places around town.  The floor space inside makes it one of the smaller establishments to which I've been a patron.
4	I heart sushi. And I was craving it on my last trip to Vegas with the Pops.He took me to Yama Sushi for the All You Can Eat deal and I told him I wasn't going to eat much..yeah that didn't happen. I'm pretty sure I had two rolls to myself (and you know it's alot of food considering the rolls are ginormous). I had eater's remorse from eating that much food..Yama Sushi was muy bueno but my number one sushi place is on Olympic and Sawtelle called Daichan Kaiten Sushi..conveyor belt-style sushi. So yummy.
5	when you think "all you can eat sushi" you may consider the lack of quality, and if so you've never been to yama sushi. A quaint little place nearly hidden, in a shopping center. But oh ohhh oh the lovelyness that comes with this place.Great customer service; as soon as you sit down,either at the bar or at a table a waitress is there to take your drink order bring you chopsticks and an individually packeged moist towlette. once you announce "all you can eat" they bring you all the fix'ns including a nice bean sprout salad to start. Then hand you two menus one of regular rolls and one of specialty rolls and sit back and wait for you to order rolls the make right in front of you(kinda,behind the bar,but close).specialty rolls are most fun, so i went for for it and was not disappointed. All the rolls i tried where DE-liscious! loaded with flavors of garlic and spicyness creative mixes with fun names.6 rolls later i was down for the count, the nice man tried to offer me ice cream but I had to refuse,there was still taki staring me in the face and i had to get that down first....i was full for hours but didn't regret one minute of it. the 25 bucks i spent was well worth it considering i ate 6 rolls and@ 7-9 bucks a pop it was totally worth it.  Do IT!
5	Yama Sushi is one of my all time favorites... Their all-you-can-eat special is one of the best bargains in all of Vegas.  $20 for lunch (or $25 for dinner).  This is not one of those AYCE buffets where the "sushi" is left to fester for hours, repeatedly passed over by the unwashed masses.This is an honest to goodness sushi bar, that includes all the standard sushi selections including premium choices such as toro, uni, and giant clam.  They also include a wide selection of rolls, including all the standard California roll derivatives.  To the California roll crowd complaining about how disgusting their rolls are, you have to understand that their mayo/eel sauce/spicy tuna concoctions are meant to cater to lowest common denominator of the American consumer.  Next time stick to the nigiri and the standard rolls (which are both outstanding) and you won't have a problem.The all-you-can-eat menu includes not only the sushi bar but their extensive kitchen menu as well.  So you are free to indulge in such delicacies as the softshell crab (delicious!) and saba shioyaki, before topping off your meal with a mochi ice cream desert.I always feel like a criminal by the end of my meal, as a comparable meal at most other sushi bars would cost me three times as much.  I try to make it out to Yama Sushi every time I am in Vegas, and have always left completely satisfied.  I only wish this business model (like the also outstanding Las Vegas AYCE joints Sushi Mon and Oyshi) would make its way out to Southern California.
1	First of all based on the reviews here,  I went last night and had the all you can eat for $22.99 which is cheap for dinner.I just want to say i personally label myself as a all you can eat sushi guru. my friends and i work for the airlines so its a 1 hour free flight to las vegas and las vegas seem to have the most all you can eat sushi bars.I was by myself and which is customary for me before i bring the whole gang.I sat at the bar.Service: the waitresses were friendly and attentive. Now the sushi chef was okay i dont blame him but you dont know who's gonna be the big tipper. there was an attractive young lady at the bar before i got there he was very attentive to her but a little slow and no rec commendations which he offered her.i got two menus one with specialty rolls- basically all spicy tuna concoction , california roll stuff and fried shrimp stuff. thats all i saw nothing special.now the other menu had traditional nigiri and regular rolls you would finds just about anywhere with a list of appetizers.1. i started out with a spicy tuna roll with eel on top, the roll size was perfect. the spicy tuna was a little fishy and the eel was not very buttery and little fishy also. after that i thought i'd try the nigiri sushi and see if anything stands out.1. halibut was decent but the texture on the rice of the nigiri sushi was a little bit hard.2. giant clam decent3. sweet shrimp i could tell it was just thawed4. two orders of garlic tuna decent cause of the sauce5. two orders of salmon fresh, they were advertising this on a sign as i walked in on a little side walk sign.6. ika --not fresh7. taco very dry8. seaweed salad decent 9. miso soup salty for my taste and came out lukewarm10 finished with green tea ice cream, cant go wrong with ice cream i think this was the best part of the meal.it was cheap and worth a try, it had few strikes when i walked it. First I'm korean nothing against my peeps but most sushi bars owned by koreans in my experience are skimpy on the fish and the texture of the rice for some reason is never any good. this place is korean owned. Second when i walked in i was the only asian customer beside the workers. Too bad sushi house manda closed cause of the smoking law it was in a bar, that place was good. Also Koto was very good but they went out of business i dont know why it was a great restaurant which should have charged more.I will keep searching las vegas for the best all you can eat sushi bar. Let everybody know. by the way i had gone to Oshyi La's week that way better that yama.
3	Worth it just to hear the cute Korean waitress tell us the names of the rolls we ordered...Sun of the Beach...Man Whore...Kiss the Asss!Yeah, totally worth it....The sushi is decent and the price is right.
3	When im in the "Lost Wages" for work (not for PAIN)I try to come here every once in a while.Last night was once in a while...Once again ill break it down simpleSERVICE was attentive not obnoxious attentive but good attentive.FOOD was decent sushi but there is one thing that is special here and no where else...read on Yelpers...I usually order the all you can eat dinner for 23.00 and I getGiant Clam - A bit below standardSweet Shrimp - StandardUni - StandardSalmon Skin Roll - Standard but they put the SWEET EEL sauce on it so you have been warned.Yellowtail - StandardHalibut w/Ponzu sauce - StandardMiso Soup - Tasted pretty good but like the person before me mentioned-lukewarm?Wassup wit that?!?!?Salad (x2) - Dressing is pretty tastyand the main reason I go here..........................DYNAMITEIm a big fan of the ol' JAPANESE SEAFOOD PIE but there is a twist here...The owners are KOREAN (Im not big on the whole JAP vs KOR sushi thing, if you make good sushi I dont care if you are AFRICAN, Good is Good no matter the nation)The reason I note this is beacause the DYNAMITE is flavored much differently than any other DYNAMITE I have ever tasted.NOW I wont go out and say its the BEST EVA....but its pretty darn good.The best I can describe it as - Peppery with Mayo cream FUNK and the SIRICHA just to FREAK IT!!!  Made with giant clam, scallops, chopped onions and diced mushrooms this dish is UNIQUE TASTING!!!Pretty much everything is standard Sushi, but what really keeps me coming back is the DYNAMITE.If you like DYNAMITE give this place a try and you might like it.Overall a pretty decent choice.Eat Drink and be FUNKY!!!
3	So after photographing the first day of the AVN Expo, I got the urge for sushi (no pun). I passed by this placed since it was next door to a CVS and I needed batteries.Okay, I really wanted was just fish. Not rolls. Just cut fish. Sashimi and sushi.The maguro was a bit frozen and pale. The sake lacked in luster but the hirame and hamichi (kudos).Luckily, it was AYCE and I took advantage of it. They even had uni and sweet shrimp as part of the deal. I had the bar, so the cuts came on coming. I wish they had ankimo though. ugh!Good sushi is never a roll.
5	Love this place it's sooo good....and the atmosphere is good! Price is not bad for all you can eat, plus the mochi ice cream they have is the best part!
5	Wet Dream, Man Whore, Kiss the Ass...No I'm not talking about another Vegas strip club adventure, but the best all you can eat sushi in LV for the money.  These are the names of some of the creative and more popular rolls in case you were wondering.Premium Sushi. All You Can Eat. Great Deal!Atmosphere:Yama Sushi is located off the strip and hidden next to a CVS within an Albertson's parking lot.  This secret gem is one of the places that I visit whenever I'm in town and I'm always sure to bring along my friends...and so far all have given the thumbs up!  The restaurant is small, but depending on what time you arrive finding a seat is not a problem.  The decor is what you expect, nothing more and nothing less.Staff:Very friendly and attentive.  Sushi is served quick and fast.  Appetizers are also made to order and delivered in a timely manner.  The sushi chef's are all well trained.  Jun the manager is the man!  I highly recommend sitting at the bar in front of him and asking for him to surprise you with his tasty secret treats.Food:Let me say this again...the sushi is premium.  Not the crap you find at other chain sushi spots like Niko Niko.  This is why you gotta love Vegas and the daily drops of the freshest of the fresh fish from around the world.The AYCE menu consists of everything from appetizers, salads, soup, sushi, handrolls, cut rolls, and dessert.  Yes you can get as much red bean, green tea ice cream or mango mochi as you want!All the appetizers are yummy.  I especially like the bbq ribs, the soft shell crab, and the hamachi kama.  These alone give you your money's worth!I've been to this place many many times over the last 5 years and my favorite sushi is the "Sexy Salmon" just like a normal salmon sushi, but with a thin slice of lemon, jalapeno, and ponzu sauce.  **Tip 1: If you don't want to fill yourself too fast try ask for a 1/2 order of the rolls instead.  This gives you about 4 pieces of the roll rather than 8.**Tip 2: If you feel adventurous or enjoy a good handroll ask for one of their specialty rolls, but as a handroll i.e. the TNT roll as a handroll.If you're there and sit by the bar try to find my business card...hint it's the only bright red one with a thumbprint on it.
4	Yama is one of the best sushi places ever.A friend recommended it and we went there for all you can eat.everything is delicious and the staff is super friendly.i do however, not recommend going in close to closing at all though.we felt a little rushed like they were trying to get us out.besides that, everything was great.
3	Service = fast, fast, fast!I love how fast everything comes out here. The speciality rolls are pretty awesome- great selection and combinations.... I love the Harry Potter! This is a great place to go for all you can eat sushi!
4	Previously my wife and i had been living in the town of Lancaster in California, while there we got addicted to an all-you-can-eat sushi bar called Big Tuna. Best place we have ever been, excellent sushi, excellent service, excellent ambiance. Since moving to Vegas though we have been searching and searching for a place that comes close to matching it, and while we have not yet found such a place we both agree Yama Sushi comes decently close. The sushi is well made and comes to you fairly quickly. While we have been to some locations where the sushi comes back to us at room temperature (ick) the sushi here is still nice and cool. My personal favorite is the garlic tuna, while my wife's favorite is the baked green mussels. The rolls are all pretty good, we have yet to find one we didn't really enjoy, though I do suggest being careful with anything that has cream cheese because it can be overpowering. Oh! And it is all you can eat desserts as well! Love mochi? Get as much as you like!Downsides? I hate it when you order a soda and they give you a can, especially at an all-you-can-eat place. I generally just stick with a water then. Also, sitting at the bar for any real length of time can be murder on your butt, but it is the best place to be for the all-you-can-eat sadly. All in all this is the best place for sushi my wife and I have found in Vegas so far, and we have tried quite a few. Don't go towards closing hour and it should be a excellent experience!!
5	This place holds a special place in my heart! I have to say it was my first sushi restaurant that I have ever tried when I moved to Las Vegas not too long ago. I became friendly with the owner as I ate lunch there almost everyday for 2 weeks. It was everything I was looking for in NYC but could not find there. The price was just right and the food was always prepared quickly and served and presented wonderfully. It is my local spot for sushi whenever I have the craving. I have introduced many of my friends there and they have become just as loyal as I have. Jun is the manager and he is very popular with the repeat guests. I love their food and their service. It never changes and I love it whenever it is so packed that you have to wait to get a table or a bar seat. It has become almost like family to me and I will always continue to go and support their wonderful business. They cater to the people and it comes back to them 10 fold. Their basis is to serve quickly and politely. I never once had to ask to have my water refilled. The waitresses are all so very attentive and they deserve a hefty tip every time. For those not giving them a good review, give them another shot. They never disappointed me and I have been there over 30 different times.
4	This restaurant specializes in rolls, which I like, because they are filling. This place is definitely a quantity over quality setup. The quality of the fish was not bad, but you can definitely get fresher stuff at a more traditional place. My favorite roll was the rainbow roll with big pieces of tuna, salmon, avacado and shrimp.The thing that sold me about this place was that it has an all you can eat option. You can order as many rolls as you want for around $23. That means that since most rolls cost in the $10 range, if you eat two rolls, you basically get your money's worth. Between my friends and I, we had eight rolls. It certainly is not the best sushi quality in the world, but for the price, it can't be beat!
5	I really love this place. Everytime I've eaten here, they've been nothing but friendly and accomidating. The last time I went was a few days ago, I took my cousins (one who was 5yrs old, btw) to go eat there. I usually like to go before 3pm rolls around cause that's when the All You Can Eat is about $20. They brought our rolls out fairly quickly and even brought my little cousin a separate bowl of rice that isn't on their menu, atleast I didn't see it on there, as well as two orders of Mochi at the end when we only had to pay for one. I think this place has a great atmosphere when dining with friends and now I think their atmosphere is great for families as well.Definitely recommended!
4	All you can eat - just keep ordering off the menu. The rolls are great and the uni was excellent. The sushi was not as great as my favorite place but it was just as good as most sushi places, and the soft shell crab was top notch. But in particular, they do a top qualify shrimp tempura. Service was extremely friendly and they didn't mind that the kids made a huge mess (and they ate a lot which doesn't always happen)Much better than some of the big hotel buffets we went to.
5	Great sushi, best AYCE sushi I have ever had. Entire menu is available for AYCE. Will definitely go every time I am in Vegas.
4	Yama Sushi was a life saver.  We first got turned around by our cabbie who was supposed to take us to the chain restaurant "Kabukis" south of Mandalay Bay.  Instead we got sent to Kabukis east of the strip.  By the time we found out we were in the wrong place, the cab had left and a couple of us were about to go into alcohol shock from drinking at the pool all day.We struck out across the expanse of Las Vegas roadways to find somewhere to eat some type of raw fish.  We ambled into a strip mall across the street and found Yama.The service was a little slow, but that is the only unfavorable thing that I could say about this place.  They still served us even though not one of us had a BAC of under .15%.  We did the all you can eat sushi deal, and the food kept coming until we were all fairly coherent again.  The variety of rolls was great and just what we needed.
4	Excellent Rolls, Nice Ambience!
5	This place is the best in Vegas for sushi.  I make sure I go here every time I go to Vegas (about 4 times a year).  The all you can eat deal is totally worth it.  If you get two rolls it pays for itself.  The best thing is you can get half rolls.  I do this so that I can get a lot of different ones.  Yama crunch and Harry Potter is the best.  Do remember to get some dessert!  I get a mochi ice cream variety plate.  I will never eat on the Strip knowing that this place is close by.  You will get your money's worth here!  Don't miss this gem right off the Las Vegas strip!
4	All you can eat sushi. I am going to agree with one of the yelpers that sushi and buffets do not go well together. However, nowadays we have to get the most bang for our buck and one of the ways to do that is to go for buffets or all you can eat. Most of  the sushi they serve here is really fresh. Very good taste and texture. Some of it was a bit disappointing but for $19.99 for lunch all you can eat. I think it is a small sacrifice on the consumers part. They do half rolls here so you can try a lot of the special rolls. They do not over stuff the rolls with rice either.  I had the halibut and yellowtail tuna and  it was quite fresh and tasty. The rolls are creative and had great flavor. Eel sauce anyone? The service was excellent.  The wait staff was very attentive and they did not let your drinks to go empty. The sushi chefs were very fast and efficient. They are constantly aware if you are ready for more food. For the coup De grace, we had plum ice cream. Quite flavorful. Awesome service and decent all you can eat menu.
5	We come to LV often to get away from the OC and when we're here, we always make sure to make room for Yama Sushi!  The sushi here is fresh and melts in your mouth.  We always get the all-you-can-eat which covers most of their rolls anyways and they even have special ones you can order that aren't on the AYCE menu.  I always order the spicy sashimi salad.  Even just one or two orders of these, you'll get your money's worth for the all-you-can-eat price.  I love the quail egg so I was happy to find out that they served that here too.
4	This is was our favorite sushi place to go to, however we've switched to Bluefin on Sunset and Annie Oakley. Whenever we were served by Jun we had a good meal with expedient roll delivery. My favorite things to order; spicy seafood salad with extra radish, sun of the beach, no name roll, uni, and the seaweed salad. Mmm, I left with a happy belly every time. If you become overzealous upon seeing the menu and order a ton of rolls, expect the waitress to drop by and ask if you want to cancel anything about a half hour or so in. All of the special rolls we've tried have been tasty, and there's a high turn over so the fish has been fresh. The amaebi was a little disappointing, and the portion sizes/quality have varied slightly with the different chefs but given how busy the restaurant is (it's often packed with a long wait for larger parties) it's understandable. Overall it's been very tasty, well worth the money! They even have mirugai, which is rare. We were going about once a week for several months.EDIT: Went for our weekly trip with some of the boyfriend's family. We were lucky and got to sit at the bar with Jun and he hooked us up with several pieces of hamachi belly sashimi, which was ridiculously good! By the time we left the line was out the door. I love this place :}EDIT #2: The fish is even fresher at Bluefin at Sunset & Annie Oakley!        Yama has been outdone!!
5	This place was definitely worth the extra effort of traveling off the strip for food, despite the nightmare that occurred while trying to get back (keep reading for the full story).First, we had a group of 11, so the place reserved their side room for us which was pretty awesome. Next, the wait staff was super cool and patient with waiting for our mess of people to figure out what sushi/other foods they wanted. Then, the food came out and was absolutely delicious. After, the chefs even sent out some rolls they made special for us because they thought we would like them. Finally, the mochi/ice creams are included with the AYCE deal, so dessert was free (and fantastic).The best dishes there? The Giant Clam piece was unbelievably delicious and really fun to tell people that you're eating (get it?!). Wet Dream was tantalizing. The Yama Special was perfectly prepared. The Seafood Salad had great pieces of fish in a fantastic sauce that I actually used instead of soy sauce for some of my tuna rolls. They offered Uni with the AYCE, and although I didn't like it I certainly appreciated that I was able to try it. The Edamame was low in salt for a change, which I can't praise enough. The best part is that no one had a piece of fish that was unpleasant, a feat not to be taken lightly at an AYCE sushi place. Also, the three people who decided not to get the sushi deal said that their dishes were also delicious and that they would go back again as well.After the meal, the manager called us some cabs to get us back to the strip, which was really nice of her to do. The cabs didn't show after the 30 minute promised window, which if you know the politics involved with Vegas cabs really doesn't come as a surprise, so the manager called them again and complained. Then one cab finally came, which wasn't enough for all of us, so she called yet again to get us a ride back. Meanwhile, the restaurant is closing up shop behind us, but they asked us to wait inside their lobby area because it was cold outside and kept telling us we weren't in the way and asking if there was anything else we could do for them. This is what solidified their 5-star rating from me - I can't imagine anywhere else where the food is so good and the staff is so friendly and accommodating. Overall, this was the best eating experience on the trip and I say it was definitely worth the traveling hassle to eat there.
5	Decent value, but with their all you can eat program, (lunch 11-3:$19.95, dinner 3-1030: $22.95) this place wins.  I had the sun of the beach, happy ending, you the man too, and the soft shell crab roll, normal price at about $40, but clocked in at $22.95 pretip and tax!  Great way to beat the pricey tourist trap sushi on the strip.  Better if you take the bus along flamingo way from bellagio... highly recommended for poker players trying to recover between bouts.
5	BEST SUSHI EVER!  The staff is always friendly, the service is great, and the sushi menu is excellent!  This is definitely my most favorite sushi restaurant in town because of the cheap all-you-can-eat price and how fast the service is!  Plus, the time limit for their all-you-can-eat is non-existent (or they rarely enforce it) and, aside from the sushi, all-you-can-eat includes killer appetizers as well.  I always take my friends and family to Yama and they never disappoint.  Great restaurant and I highly recommend Yama to everyone.  Oh btw, try the 'Yama Crunch'...it's my favorite sushi ever and only found at Yama Sushi.
5	Awesome place!We got to the restaurant around 8 pm and waited about 20 minutes to get seated at the bar. Super packed but the wait wasn't that bad.The AYCE is $23 and includes made to order sushi, rolls, cooked foods, salads, appetizers, and dessert. A steal.Ordered lots of salmon, tuna, yellowtail, baked mussels, some rolls, uni, sweet shrimp and demolished it all. They also have the option of ordering half of a roll instead of the whole just in case you want to try something new. Fish was fresh, and the rice didn't fall apart.Servers were pretty much on the ball as well, as they kept our teas and waters capped.For dessert... mochi ice cream balls :DI'd definitely come back  when I visit Vegas again. :)
4	Initially, I thought we were headed to a normal sushi restaurant then I noticed the sushi buffet sign and all my desire to have sushi just plummetted. Surprisly enough this really place exceeded my expectation for a sushi buffet restaurant. The sushi quality was fresh, portions were generous, service was phenomenal given their capacity(it was full house),  and the price was not too bad, lil over 20 bucks! For a off the strip sushi venue this would be the place to go for sure!
4	It's been awhile Yelp.  I was recently in Vegas for 8 days.  That's right...8 freakin days.  After the 3rd day, you start turning green from all the poison.  Being stuck in a hotel sucks.  It's nothing but smoke, recycled air and junk food.  I've had it!  With about 2 hours of free time, my colleague and I decided to escape and break the Las Vegas Strip bubble.We ended up at Yama.  All You Can Eat Sushi my friends.  No, it's nothing like Todai.  It's actually a legit Japanese restaurant.  They just have an AYCE menu.  Everything is made to order.  From what I know, most AYCE sushi places like this have a time limit.  Not this place.The AYCE menu was quite extensive.  You get sushi, sashimi, cut rolls, hand rolls, appetizers and more.  I was skeptical until the 1st piece hit my mouth.  To my surprised, the quality was actually like from a non-AYCE place.  The portions were just right.  The fish was fresh and the rice perfectly cooked.  You get 1 order of Uni and Sweet Shrimp only.  For about $23 (dinner), you can't go wrong with this place.If you like sushi, don't feel like spending $100 per person, and is heading out to Vegas, check out Yama.
1	Another Cockroach confirmation.....but this is far worse than the previous stories...Yama Sushi was once a favorite place of mine.  Fantastic food, quick service, fairly priced....however, as of late....it's getting just out-right scary!As I sit at the bar during lunch, management decide's it's a good idea to pull the wallpaper off and change the scenery of the restaurant.  So, as they pull the sheets off from behind the bar (literally...above the cooking stations)...dozens upon dozens of CockRoaches begin to scatter up the wall and around the bar!  I stopped my chewing and stared in utter amazement.  Really guys? ...Really?  But they didn't seem to think twice about it....because they decided to just play it off and offer everyone at the bar a free Tiger Roll as compensation...lol.  Nice try.It sucks...because...they really did have one of the better spots in town, but I can't go back, knowing that they have a complete disregard to maintain a proper facility (note the other reviews regarding cockroaches).
4	I actually walked out of this place feeling pretty criminal, as I ate WAY more than twenty three bucks worth of sushi. I've mentioned in previous reviews that I'm teaching my teenaged brother all the important gourmet things in life, so he doesn't grow up an uncultured twat. All you can eat sushi is a pretty awesome way to let him go nuts on different sushi without fear, especially now that he can use chopsticks without looking like a doofus. The food: well, it's not Katsu of Chicago, but what the fuck is, you know what I'm saying? The rolls are good but not astoundingly creative, the fish was fresh, the price was right. "Sun on the Beach", labeled 'best', was indeed best of the rolls I had - it was appropriately kicky. The roll with the squid in it was also good, as the squid was well and fresh.In addition to the rolls, I had the giant clam and octopus - octopus was a bit chewy but within reason. Giant clam was lovely. I topped this off with red bean ice cream, which was the perfect end to my meal.Service: waitress very efficient, didn't notice any hassling about time limit or how much I was ordering. She kept the water refreshed like it was her life's work. Sushi chefs typically brusk. It's not like you pay them to be friendly, you pay them to roll and slice as fast as possible.My teenaged brother was very impressed, and for the price we will probably be trying to hit this place regularly. Can't beat a steal.
5	Was in Vegas this past weekend, and it was suggested to go hear from a few members of our party. Quite frankly one of the best AYCE sushi bars I've ever been to. The rolls are very innovative, and the names paired with them are just as creative. The rolls are awesomely fresh, and you will NOT go wrong with this place. Only thing I'm sad about is that I'd have to drive 300 miles just to come here again, they need to expand into LA!The roll (which I forgot the name) that consists of salmon, cucumber, and lemon (essentially a california roll with the fixings) is amazingly refreshing, and one of my favorites. Their appetizers are well prepared as well. The tofu agadashi was fried perfectly, and the agadashi had the perfect tang to its sweetness. My friends went ape wild over the seafood salad. And if that doesnt get you, then the AYCE mochi ice cream probably will. Great service, great food, great place to go for a date or group event. 23 bucks for all that is honestly a dream come true. Dont miss out on this one.
3	I gotta give this place 3.5 stars. Quality of sushi is better than my past experiences at Sushimon, but still can't beat the variety and taste of Sushimon sushi! They definitely have better service here, but TOO much rice in their nigiri! Boo for that!Dunno if I'llbe back here again....
5	awesome, awesome awesome! be nice to the sushi chef and watch yourself get hooked up with yummy off the menu food.  cheap and clean and fresh.going there today and get the seafood salad.  You can only get it once for AYCE.
5	EAST SIIIIDE REPRESENT!! I'll say right off the bat that the 5th star is because they actually will bring you all the necessary accoutrements (including extra napkins) when you, or 7 of you, want to do sake bombs. Legit. And they are always smiling. I love when people like what they do. You really can't beat their all you can eat for $23.99 (I think). I am really not a sushi snob, but I know what I like and don't like as far as sushi goes and I love their specialty rolls. I am usually not big on cream cheese in a roll, kinda weird to me, but #17 the Man Whore is delicious. I also always get the #3 TNT roll and the #6 You The Man Too. Not to mention all you can eat is always the best deal for sashimi and theirs is definitely fresh. Secret: you can leave some of the rice on the plate from your sashimi and they won't have a conniption fit. And yes, it really is in that crappy shopping center. But once you're inside and you see the awesome lighted mural on the sushi bar wall you'll forget about it :)
4	Delish! I had an awesome experience here at this all you can eat sushi restaurant. I enjoyed myself here and ate a gazillion rolls. The service was great.. They kept checking on us to see if we wanted more to eat. I had to hide the menu because they kept coming over thinking we wanted more! The sushi roll names were catchy: Man whore, superman, wet dream, strip tease. You get the idea. Only in vegas! I especially liked the wet dream. CA ROLL baked with cream cheese and topped with shrimp. I also liked the TNT. Oh gawd! Delicious. Spicy tuna. jalapeno.. could have used more cream cheese but it was good. Because it was fried, the tuna had a new texture.. but it was awesome!!!Go here with a big appetite!! I'm serious. Don't eat the whole day. Oh.. and bring your strechy pants because I wore skinny jeans.. and well, you get the picture! LOL. Las Vegas, you've done well with your all you can eat sushi joints. The one here in San Jose, CA has nothing on you!
4	Who would think a good sushi place would be located here? Talk about a good find!We went during lunch hour and found it comfortably busy (i.e. we wouldn't be ignored, and the presence of others was reassuring). The decor is really cute as well.We had all you can eat and ordered: vegas style roll, tiger roll, spicy tuna roll, tuna sushi, yellowtail sushi, miso soup, and two kinds of ice cream. Green tea is my favorite kind, but bf branched out and got red bean which was yummy! Everything was delicious and we left full and happy!
5	Yea I'll admit I was thrown off by the location of this place too, but I'd be lying if I didn't say it was the best sushi I ever ate. I should know my girlfriend's a mermaid. Kinda no point if you don't go for the all you can eat, I honestly want to be in better shape just for the sole purpose of eating as much as I can here. The staff is very friendly and the sushi chefs themselves are animated and funny. It definetly puts everyone in a better mood.  I promise you, you will love this place, the only reason you might not, is if you hate sushi and/or racist. ............But if you are then why are you going there?................  Just try it.
4	Recently tried Yama Sushi for the first time during a visit to Las Vegas. I used the mobile version of Yelp to find the place, but still had a bit of trouble since it's part of an outdoor shopping center with several establishments and the buildings are far back from the street. If you're looking for this place, look for the shopping center with the Albertsons on Flamingo and Maryland and you'll find this place.Interior of the restaurant is small, but very clean. Tables are close together, but the sushi bar was packed so I sat at a table. There is a laminated menu with the special rolls, and a paper menu that your server will bring with the more standard fare. AYCE with tax is just shy of $23.00. A fantastic deal.I was very pleased to see that half-orders were available for all rolls, even the special ones. This meant that since I was the only one eating sushi in my party, I was able to try several rolls. While I tried to pick rolls, I had the Albacore sushi (just ok) and the Salmon sushi (pretty good!). Both were served with large pieces of fish and just enough rice. I don't think I'd get the Albacore again, there was something about the texture I didn't like.First up were the "Man Whore" rolls: Spicy salmon roll baked w/ a mixture of spicy tuna and cream cheese on top and served with spicy mayo and eel sauce. These were just okay. The baked topping was dry, possibly over-baked? Not sure. So, the Man Whore wasn't fantastic, but it wasn't awful, either.Next were the "Yama Crunch": Tempura shrimp and crabmeat roll with a crunch layer on top. These were pretty tasty. They were served with a sweet sauce which was pretty good.KAI Roll: Eel, cream cheese, avocado and spicy tuna roll w/ spicy tuna and avocado outside. Again, there was a sauce served with these rolls that was pretty good. I would have gladly had more of these and skipped the Man Whore rolls.Last, but not least, the "Wet Dream". OMG. Delicious. These are a California roll baked with cream cheese and shrimp on top with a sweet yam sauce and eel sauce. Did I say DELICIOUS? These were the perfect end to the meal.Service was fine. The place was VERY busy, but I barely would finish a plate of 4 pieces and the server would come around and ask if I wanted something else. It's also very noisy, but that's okay as long as the person next to you doesn't have an annoying celphone ring that goes off ever 2 minutes or so. Ahem.I would definitely go here again if I'm with non-sushi diners. Otherwise, I'm still a fan of Sushi on Trop .. for now.
3	The search continues for quality AYCE sushi in Vegas, which shouldn't make sense when AYCE and sushi are in the same sentence.Walking in on a Sunday evening around 9 pm, and the place is pretty packed.  With only four seats left at the sushi bar, we take two of them near the end.The waitresses got us our beverage orders and bring out a little plate of cooked bean sprouts.  And then we started ordering with our sushi chef.First attempt - uni.  The chef looks at us and says they are out.  Oh.  (I should have gone with my gut and just left then and there!)* Seafood Salad - One order per person, and so we got one each.  Definitely generous with the cuts of fish - tuna and mackerel mostly on a bed of cucumbers and daikon radish with a spicy sauce.* Amaebi - He asks us if we want the heads and we say yes, although we wonder if there's an extra charge for it.  Two pieces come out, no rice.  We don't complain about the lack of rice, but wonder why only two pieces when we did say two orders.  (This item is one of the "one order limit per person" and we know two pieces is usually one order.)  The heads are deep-fried, but not enough as I had to spit out some of it.  When we attempted to order our 2nd order of it later on, he gives us this look and says we are trying to order more than we are allowed.  We're confused at this point, and ask him if two pieces account for one order.  He says it does, for the 'other' amaebi.  He then pulls out this plate of these tiny sweet shrimp that I would have been insulted if I got.  So, since we chose to get the heads, we got the jumbo size one (regular size in every other sushi restaurant) and that means only ONE PIECE per person.  Oh.We continue on with our nigiri choices: * yellowtail, albacore, salmon, halibut, giant clam (one order limit) and ikura - We're confused when we get our fish because one of them is obviously tuna - it's bright pink and you just know and plus we didn't order that.  Later on when we ask for hamachi, thinking that it never came, it points out that he did give us hamachi already, it was the pink one he served us earlier.  Oh?  Hmmm... Also, there's too much rice for the size of fish cuts he gave us.  That's never a good thing.And with the whole mix up of the amaebi and the lack of uni, he offers us 'hamachi belly'.  This is the all white version and yes, it's good.  But this is what I normally get when I order hamachi at a nice sushi restaurant.  So, I still don't know what their version of regular hamachi looks like!  From the appetizers, we got softshell crab (I wasn't particularly fond of their batter for this.), agedashi tofu (pretty good with an enjoyable batter), and hamachi kama.  One thing for certain was that things coming out of the kitchen were super hot, so watch your tongue! We're not big on rolls, and perhaps this is also why we weren't as impressed.  They are known for their rolls as many yelpers mention, and since we didn't focus on their strengths, we weren't as pleased.Their saving grace is that there's no limit on dessert!  Unlimited ice cream (green tea, red bean, and plum) and mochi ice cream (vanilla, strawberry, mango, and chocolate - although they were out of vanilla when I went).Service - the waitresses do come often enough to clear dishes if you put them on the side, but don't bother if you leave them in front of you.  I did have to request more tea, so it just depends.  Our sushi chef wasn't the most personable, which set the tone for our dinner.  He was hollering at us from the start, and plus, I couldn't understand him either.Like another yelper mentioned, we were the only other Asian people there (besides the staff), so if that makes a difference to you.  And it gets loud - as in you can hear the conversations of people from across the room - not sure if it's the people who are loud or the acoustics of the restaurant.Yama Sushi is definitely one of the cheaper options for AYCE sushi (Lunch $19.95/pp or Dinner $22.95/pp) in Vegas, but we'd rather pay a few bucks more for a better experience.  We probably won't be back.2.5 stars
5	Yama Sushi is the spot! Right off of Flamingo and Maryland in the Albertsons parking lot. I used to live in Los Angeles and dream of the day when I would come to Vegas to eat sushi here. Now that I live right down the street I make as many visits here as my paycheck allows. The sushi is top notch and I love the rolls. The "Son of a Beach" roll is my favorite and I usually have one or two every visit. How can you beat the price and quality of the fish. The staff is always nice and wiling to get you what you want and not pushy at all. As a heavy AYCE sushi eater this is the place to go!
4	There is no point to have sushi anywhere else in Vegas.  $20-23 buys you quality all you can eat sushi.  You really can't beat that.  Most of the rolls are good.  Just tell them to take it easy on the sauce's they tend to pour on.  Sit at the bar, the service is much better and order half rolls for variety.
5	Love love LOVE this place. Incredible sushi, great service for a cheap price.The Wet Dream Roll is quite possibly the best roll I've ever had. Mouthwatering bliss.
4	We are having some great sushi in Vegas. It's good for not being in Oceanside. Good food at a low cost.,
4	I realize that Yama means mountain, but its still good sushi.  The sushi is fresh, the service is great and the price is right!  Love the garlic tuna and the Harry Potter Roll.
3	I love the sushi here, but the service is ehh. They mess up our order at least once every time I go there. Waitresses are everywhere but at our table. Very nice though. The sushi is prim o here though. I LOVE their "Vegas Style." Always do "all you can eat" here, because you'll want more.
5	More like "Yum Sushi".This place is great.  I've been to a few "all you can eat" sushi places in town.  There's Todai, which is alright, there was another one with a time limit, and the quality sank with every new order, and then this place.It's crowded with good reason.  You sit down, place your order, and the carousel begins.  They hand you sushi as fast as you can eat it, and take you empty plates just as fast to replace it with all new foods.  Seriously, it was like I had ninja as my servers, and they were on top of things, from food, to drink orders, to pretty much whatever I needed.They forgot an order or two (I never got my miso), but I couldn't say anything, because all I had to do is reorder, and problem solved.  The food quality was awesome, and each dish was better than the last.  I was on a serious sushi buzz by the time my meal concluded, and I was a very comfortable full, not the grossly overstuffed full.I was not at a loss for good sushi here.  I almost felt overwhelmed because the service was so quick (but not pushy), and it was like recovering from one awesome treat to a whole new delight instantly.The sushi names are silly, but it just added to the fun of the night.  Try the garlic tuna.  That was pretty much good times right there.Go hungry before you come here.  Believe me, you'll get your fill.  And quickly.
5	This is by far the BEST sushi place in town. Well  worth the drive from anywhere in the valley. The all you can eat in amazing..and they will even do half rolls. Not alot of places do that.I have been here about 20 times and never had a problem or bad service.
5	my cousin couldnt contain himself recommending this place. so we tried this, instead of rainbow sushi...and whoa! u better come hungry alright  ! love love this joint. so many choices and AYCE. fresh selections and seafood salad was memorable. it does get packed. it worked out when we visited around sunday noon...so time ur visit, the earlier, the better. they were out of hamachi kama ,so they tried to give us hamachi salmon instead, which was good,  and with our luck, yellowtail finally arrived so we had the right one too later. mochi ice cream were great! next time we're back in vegas, and hungry for sushi..., this is our destination!
5	Love, love love. My current favorite place to get AYCE sushi. I just wish it was closer to my house or my work, the location makes it hard for me to get my sushi fix filled as often as I would like.Service has always been spot on for me. Quick and attentive wait staff, friendly chefs at the sushi bar.I love the fact that you can get half rolls here. For me AYCE eat sushi is about getting to eat as much different sushi as I can manage, variety is the spice of life and all that jazz, right?! I never bother with a half roll of the 'Wet Dream' though (and yes, many of the rolls have snicker enducing names like that). Definitely my favorite.
5	For my past 8 or so visits to Vegas (at least), I've hit Yama for either lunch or dinner.Here are some of the pluses and tips:-  Premium sushi!  Everything is fresh, delish, and AYCE.-  Get 1/2 rolls to save room for variety.  You can always get another order if you like it (well, there's one or two items that are limit 1 pp).-  Their custom rolls are all really good, and have funny names.  Don't be afraid to try them!-  There's no time limit.-  You can share everything you get with the rest of your party.-  Appetizers like gyoza, seafood salad, dynamite, etc are ALL included too!-  All desserts are also included (chocolate, vanilla, mango, strawberry mochi, and green tea ice cream)!All in all, an excellent deal and experience for about $22pp (lunch) or $25pp (dinner), AYCE.  The only complaint my friend had one time was their very limited selection of sake.
4	All-you-can-eat Sushi...what a concept!! This place was awesome. Went there for the first time last week. Other than the long wait for seats Yama Sushi is great. Do the All-you-can-eat (roughly $25/person dinner)...the sushi is freshly made when you order. A lot of custom sushi rolls with creative names like "one minute man" and "man whore." Go in a group and order as many rolls as you want because you can all share. They say they'll charge you if you don't finish everything but I don't think they really do. Highly recommend this place!
5	I lived in little Tokyo in LA and nothing in Vegas can quite compare, however, this place is about as good as it gets.  They offer all you can eat, (which can save you a ton on your bill if you like to go all out like my girlfriend and I!) Its always a bit packed so expect to have a short wait.  The place is small and cozy,  but boasts some of the best sauces and freshest fish in town.  I highly recommend the Salmon/lemon roll.  They also let you order half rolls which is nice to try out new things.  If you are going for sushi in Vegas, eat here first.
5	I was with a large group (they only have one room to accomodate a party of 8-10) and they all got the all you can eat for $22 which I must say was well worth it, considering the speed of service and the fact you can get anything on the menu.  I had weight loss surgery so I don't eat enough to justify, but I would definately get the all you can eat option if you want to try 2-3 different things.  Heck, you can have 20-30 different things if you want.  For the volume you get, the quality was surprisingly good.
4	I have to give me buddy props for this place.I was skeptical since this place is off the strip, but its pretty good and solid.  Take into account its all-you-can-eat for about $23, it is well worth it.  Good stuff and definitely check out sometime.  I would definitely go back.
5	While its not the best sushi I've ever had, they deserve 5 stars. Why? because they are one of THE best deals you can ever get for sushi in the USA. period. All you can eat dinner for $23. Quality is a solid 4 stars, much much better than any of those todai sushi buffets. Best of all, they bring it out AS ITS MADE, not in those huge plates that make you wait for an hour before you get your first bite. So when you make a big order to the waitress, expect the first piece to come within 5 minutes. ANYTHING on their menu is fair game, for the all you can eat, that includes the appetizers, fried food (soft shell crab was delicious)  and any fixins you may want.This place is las vegas gem. Off the strip, none of the tourists know about it so there's never really a wait! I've been there during peak hours (fri/sat night) and never waited longer than 5 minutes.I personally found this place from a poker player who lives in vegas, so try it out! everyone who knows about it is a regular.
3	Another AYCE sushi place in Vegas, priced similarly to the other places around town.  The sushi tastes a little better than the other places I've been to around town, but not really exceptional or distinctive.  It's a bit crowded and frenetic inside, not really a place to find your Zen moment.  The service was bizarrely aggressive - I could have easily confused the place for a stock trading pit from the way they furiously cleared plates and ripped/re-placed the menu on the table.  I did like their plum ice cream at the end, a rare find I've been told.Question: why do sushi places around here name their rolls with sexual innuendos?  Sex and sushi, hmm....
4	After having Oyishi sushi on Wednesday, I decided to truly compare the two highly rated AYCE sushi joints. First of all, the restaurant is a bit small and crowded.  So try to plan ahead and make reservations or you might get stuck waiting in line for about 30 min or so.The food was very fresh and tasty.We started off with soft-shell crab, agedashi tofu, and a i love salmon roll.  The softshell crab was mediocre, i wasnt a big fan of the type of batter they used to fry the crab.  The agedashi tofu was small deep fried tofu in the normal agedashi broth, mediocre as well.  The ilove salmon roll was pretty much a philly roll but loaded with an excess amount of cream cheese.Next up we ordered a mountain of nigiri from salmon, halibut, garlic tuna, uni, sweet shrimp, yellow tail and many more.  All were very very fresh and delicious.  Comparing quality to oyshi id say they are on the same level if not better.  There were 2 key items that made yama rise over oyshi, 1.) hamachi kama and 2.) unlimited mochi.  The hamachi kama was grilled to perfection and had a lot of flavor.  Unlimited mochi speaks for itself.Overall i definitely recommend Yama, if you dont mind the drive down to flamingo and maryland.
5	Best sushi experience of my life. Delicious sushi at $20 for all you can eat (lunch), including EVERYTHING on the menu (premium rolls, appetizers etc etc).Wait staff checked in very regularly during our meal and were always around to take our next order and take plates away. Amazing service. We gave a 30% tip, which I've only ever done once or twice before.
4	Went here around 9:30pm on a Sunday night and the place was pretty empty.  The all-you-can-eat sushi ends at 10:30, so we got there just in time to enjoy the sushi before they cut it off. We sat at the bar, so we always had super fast service with sushi. The sushi chef was funny and made great rolls.  Between my friend and I, we pretty much tried most of what was on the menu, and most of it was really good.  The rolls are on the smaller side, which was kind of nice because you dont have to eat a ton if you dont like it, and you get to try more rolls.  The rolls are creative and have funny names like "wet dream" roll and "one minute man" roll.  The fish quality is pretty good, and all seemed fresh. Another plus, is that you can order anything on the menu.  Soup, salad, tempura, gyoza, you name it...you can order it.  Mochi Ice cream is even included! Bonus points!! Id have to say that this isnt the best sushi I've had, but for an all-you-can-eat place, its definitely on my list of places to go again.
5	A couple of years ago, a friend of mine told me that this place has the best sushi and the freshest fish. Why the heck did it take me so long to finally try it?Simply put, Yama Sushi is awesome. You wouldn't know it from the outside. It's in a typical Vegas strip mall near the corner of Flamingo and Maryland. Walk inside and it just automatically feels like you're in for a treat. The decor seems very traditional Japanese. It looked crowded, but we were seated immediately.So how's the sushi? Amazing. It definitely lived up to expectations. We tried not to go too crazy, but I think we incurred some decent damage.* Miso Soup* Edamame* Seaweed Salad* Seafood Salad* Soft-Shell Crab* Salmon Kama* Unagi* Ikura with Quail Egg* Yama Roll* Roger Roger Roll* Soft-Shell Crab Roll* Dancing In The Sheet Roll* Mochi (Strawberry, Mango, and Chocolate)A definite must-order is the Seafood Salad (limit one per person). It's basically a plate of sashimi stirring in some mild or spicy dressing. I know of no other AYCE menu that offers sashimi. Pretty much everything we ordered was delicious. The only thing I won't order again is the Soft-Shell Crab appetizer. Breaded in Panko and deep-fried, it's just a little too oily and unnecessary. I'll stick with the sushi and salads next time.I'm not sure if we got lucky, but the service is incredibly fast. Since we were only an hour out from closing time, we started marking things on our paper menu as soon as we sat down. I went out to get my camera from the car, and as soon as I got back, it seemed like items just kept coming at a rapid pace. Fortunately, I eat at a rapid pace!By the way, at $22.95 for dinner, this is one of the cheaper AYCE sushi spots. Not by much, but it's worth mentioning.I've said before that I'm really not that picky when it comes to sushi. Lately, I've been holding back on my five star ratings. Yama Sushi deserves a five. With fast service, delicious and fresh offerings, and a very competitive price, it just does the AYCE thing right.
4	Found this place to eat for lunch thru yelp. Thanks y'all20 bucks durin lunch for the AYCE. A very awesome deal for an awesome meal.We ordered mainly the nigiri sushi. All the fish were pretty good, but the yellow tail was the star of this meal. One of the best pieces of yellow tail I've had for an AYCE deal. We ordered like 10 orders of this.The salmon (usually my favorite) was kinda lacking compared to most other places. For some reason, it wasn't as soft as I normally like to have it.Avoid the giant clam, my gf disliked it.The sweet shrimp nigiri is unique and different. It's like a raw shrimp which is pretty good at first... but afterwards ur mouth tastes like the ocean after a whale came in it.We also had Asahi beer. The rolls all have sexual names which is pretty cool, it made me wanna try it. Truth is, the rolls are pretty standard rolls labeled by unique names; we ordered half rolls of a few of the things. TNT roll was pretty much a spicy tuna roll. Wet dream, snow in las vegas, and maybe one other roll which I cant really think of.Yes, I normally stick with just nigiri sushi, but I couldn't resist the urge to try these sexual rolls!!Our server was sweet & funny, she recommended that we try some rolls and was pretty attentive.Definitely a place worth a try. I'd definitely wanna come back here in my future visits to Vegas.Not far from the strip, slightly down flamingo.
5	I love sushi and frequently eat it and I have to say this is one of the best sushi restaurants I have ever eaten. The all-you-can-eat is very well priced also. My favorite was the Sashimi Salad. It was so different. The sauce was tangy, sweet, sour, spicy, all the flavors just burst into your mouth when you eat the sashimi. It makes you salivate like none other. It is amazing.If you ever go to Las Vegas, Yama Sushi is one of the places you have to go before going back home.
5	what a find! luckily we had a friend whose cousin lived in Vegas, he took us here since Ive always wanted to eat at an all you can eat sushi place in Vegas. I have to give a big thumbs up to this place. coming from san jose, we dont have many all you can eat sushi places, especially because it would never last in our city. we have a couple but the fish is totally not that fresh in my opinion. this place gets packed though! so there might be a wait. i initially noticed that this was a korean ran sushi place, since a 2/3s of the staff was korean. we were seated, we started marking off the paper. they had salads, appetizers, nigiri, rolls, dessert for about 24 bucks a person?! WOW what a deal. Especially when the fish came out they were skimpy on the fish and the fish was actually fresh! Sashimi salad was awesome had a hint of korean flavor to it. All the nigiri was awesome, my gf is a fan of uni and said the uni was not as good as fancy sushi places we go to in San Jose. We ordered a few rolls and they were pretty good too, but to get your money worth you have should order the nigiri hahaha! if we calculated all the things we ordered, we probably ordered over 200 dollars worth of sushi but only paid 100 or so.i wish we had AYCE sushi like this in san jose.
5	This place is amazing. I ate AT LEAST $70 worth of sushi at any other restaurant for $22 here. Don't waste your time getting anything other then the all-you-can-eat option. The sushi is high quality too! You would be stupid to pay $150 for moderately good sushi at Yellow Tail in the Bellagio if you could go to Yama and eat better for less. Unless of course you want to your date to think you're rolling in the cash by taking her to a restaurant in the Bellagio. Probably doesn't matter since you drove her there in your 02 Honda Civic. Stop being an idiot poser and take her to Yama.
4	Yama Sushi... Yama Yum Yum!  Thanks to friends Greg, Kiks, Jules, and Karina... they steered a couple of out of towners off the strip and turned us onto a local joint with all you can eat sushi goodness.  The place is fun.  The food keeps coming.  And sushi is delish.  Favorites were the fried softshell crabs, the firecracker sushi with jalapenos, the Son of a Beach rolls... okay, I take that back... I enjoyed everything!  I concur with the yelp advice to order half orders to maximize sampling of the extensive menu.  The nice meal after winning a few benjamins from betting on the horsies at the bellagio... made our last dinner in Vegas just super.  Although the waitress was in training, she did her best... and that is all you can ask.  The meal concluded with some green tea ice cream and mochi ice cream!  When in Vegas, I will hit this place up again most definitely!
5	This was my first ayce sushi experience years ago and it is still the best.  The restaurant is small and always packed (deservedly so).  The service is fast and the wait staff super helpful and polite.  But most importantly the sushi is awesome.  We used to live closer but will still make the trip from Henderson when we want sushi, no one else compares.
4	Hands down, my favorite sushi spot in Vegas. The staff is amazingly friendly (and, if you are a regular like me, always seem so happy to see your face again) and their all-you-can-eat option is a crazy, awesome deal. You can easily eat $50+ worth of sushi for only $23.The atmosphere is so-so and the place gets really crowded, but the sushi...I take all my out of town friends here. Why? Sun of the Beach. This is the GREATEST and most fantastically unusual sushi roll I've ever had. One bite and I was head over heels. I urge you to try it, but be warned - you may develop a rather serious habit. (I could stop if I wanted to.) Be sure to also try the sashimi salad. You'll definitely leave happy.
5	One of the best Sushi deals in town. Sun of the Beach is to DIE for...incredibly unique menu.Service staff are friendly and the Sushi chefs were attentive and had excellent attention to detail.
4	*I love sushi, but not raw fish, so every roll that I ordered was cooked.  Even the 2 best rolls on the menu**Last night was my first time here and let me say that I have been missin out on some seriously great sushi.The restaurant is a little small and when we went last night there was a line out the door and a 20-40 minute wait for a party of 3 (@7pm on a Friday night).  I think we got in after only 20 minutes though.  When you walk in there, isnt much to look at and not very much room to move around, but we didn't mind.  We ordered about 5 regular rolls, 2 specialty rolls, edamame , kalbi ribs, smoked salmon, and mochi. Surprisingly we finished it all except for 3 pieces of sushi.  We did the AYCE (all you can eat) for $22.95 a person. Basically when you come here you have to get AYCE because the specialty rolls individually are like $12+, so if you wanted two it'd be more than the AYCE price.  All of the food was very tasty and the fish was fresh and flavorful.  My 2 favorite rolls are the "Son of the beach" and "Wet Dream".  I could die happy with these two rolls as my last meal. A MUST have!!!Oh, f.y.i. if you dont finish your sushi, they will charge you extra per roll that you didn't finish, so beware when orderingOverall, the restaurant is one I hope to frequent.  The service was prompt, the sushi was amazing, and my belly was full at the end of the night.  If you're looking for a steal on sushi quality and price, this is where you want to be!
5	OMG!!! I was in doubt when my bff told me that this was one of the best sushi places in Vegas but apparently I was wrong. I mean all you can eat for $20!?! and I mean ALL YOU CAN EAT like everything on the menu. AMAZING!! Cute decor and out of this world sushi. Go go go NOW!!!!
4	Without a doubt the best all you can eat sushi in Vegas. It's actually AYCE sushi you can taste! The menu shows the favorite rolls and they are well worth it. Service can be a bit slow at times. This place is always crowded but great!
5	Awesome place! And it is really affordable, specially for me since I spend my billpaying money on hair and clothes... You can choose the all you can eat for $20 but its not a buffet you sit on the sushi bar and order directly from Mr Sushi Man. The people are friendly and very attentitve. The guys not so much on the hot side, but they are nice for sure!It is really delicious, try it out!
5	Best sushi value in town- Great food- Amazing all you can eat prices.
4	AYCE sushi only. sashimi not included. The place is packed even on a weekday. There is a wait for a table lucky for me there is a slot for me at the bar.Started off with the seafood salad which is made up of sashimi slices of tuna and salmon. This was so good thatI wanted to get another one but then I had to control myself since there are a whole lot more creations I gotta try! I had the superman,One night in yama and minute man. Every serving was unique and very tasty.They got a clause underneath the menu that everything you ordered has to be eaten or else......
4	After hearing raging reviews about this place both from Yelpers and Coworkers alike, I have been wanting to try this place for sometime now, and last night I had that chance!When I first arrived there, it was so packed that you couldn't get in and out of that door easily. Thank goodness a friend of mines arrived earlier than me and reserved a table, because if she hadn't we would've been waiting for a while like those at the door. :) Yay for my friend! Hopefully they can expand to a bigger restaurant soon, they have the business, so i don't see why not. For how busy it was the service was decent. Servers and cleaners were busy all night, didn't look like they could have a break but they were on their A-game for sure. Once I was seated at the table she was ready to take our orders. Right on!!! My friend and I took part in the AYCE special here, and I must say the most memorable dishes for me were the WET DREAM, STRIP TEASE, and the Seafood Salad. I ordered these dishes more than once. They were so good. The AYCE special was $22.95 I believe, which much cheaper than Sushi-Mon which is where i usually frequent. And for dessert, I highly suggest the MOchi Ice Cream. My favorite is the Mango. :)This was a pleasant experience that didn't disappoint one bit :) I will be back!
4	My new hubby and I like to try and venture out of the strip when we stay in Vegas.  With the help of fellow Yelpers, we discovered Yama Sushi which is on Flamingo, about 3 miles east of the strip.  As we sat down at the the sushi bar, the lady who was sitting next to us said, "This place is awesome!"  For the price of $22.95, you get all you can sushi, rolls, appetizers, soups, salads, ice cream, and mochi ice cream.  The names some of the rolls are hilarious, such as:  Happy Ending, Man Whore, The Strip Tease, Wet Dream, One Minute Man!  We tried the Strip Tease, which has shrimp tempura, crab meat, cream cheese, eel, avocado and crunch on top.  It was delicious!  What is nice about this place is that you can order any roll whole or half or in a hand roll, which helps to minimize waste.  I would also recommend sitting at the bar, for faster service.  I recommend this place to my fellow yelpers who want good sushi, at an affordable price.  :)
5	Sushi is great! Service is awesome. Definitely recommend the "snow in Vegas" roll.
4	Went here yesterday for the first time.  I'm impressed.  The all you can eat had slightly smaller fish and slightly bigger rice portions than I'm used to.  But it was good stuff.  All inclusive: uni, sweet shrimp, ikura.  All quite good!  Limits to one uni and one sweet shrimp, but that's normal.  BONUS POINTS for asking me if I wanted the shrimp head.  Of COURSE I DO! :)  But I get that most yahoo rednecks in vegas freak out.  Also MORE BONUS points for iced green tea WITH matcha!  Service was quite prompt!  Never an empty glass or table. :)  And I like to eat, so that was a great combo!
5	We had our favorite sushi place. Then we went with a friend to Yama sushi. We have a new favorite sushi place!All the rolls are good, the soft shell crab was excellent. Our server was great, very attentive and great personality. Good atmosphere, the place was full on a Wednesday night. Considering the economy, that says a lot.  One bad thing was the kalbi. Pretty tough, but you can't fault a sushi place for not making good barbecue.
5	To sum it up: all you can eat sushi for $20... awwww yeahhhhh.This isn't any cheap, rice filled, stinky fish sushi... This stuff is good. Their spicy tuna is SPIIICYYY, and they have lots of different rolls with the spicy tuna (my fave). While my mouth was on fire, the waiter kept my water glass full to the brim despite the restaurant's heavy crowd. To end the meal, and stuff ourselves to the brim, we got the Mochi ice cream: strawberry and mango. Perfect. Can't wait to come back here!
5	I love this place! All you can eat for $20!!! You won't be able to beat that in Las Vegas. Everytime I am in town I hit this place up. The sushi is fresh, it's not cheap california based rolls or nasty rice. I'm telling you, if you like sushi, you will fall in love with this place. They offer all the premium sushi as well at no extra charge. It's the only place I will eat uni at since it's normally pricey. The fish has a nice a consistency to it as well. I suggest trying the seafood salad,it's all sashimi with a spicy ponzu dipping sauce. They also include dessert in the all you can eat price.The establishment is extremely clean and the staff is amazing! From the moment you walk in you are greeted and seated almost immediately. As soon as you are seated a waitress will come by and take your orders for beverages. We always had full beverages, we didn't have to sit around waiting for someone to come by and ask if we were ok. If you want excellent service, this place is impressive. I can't wait until my birthday since it will be the next time I get to eat some sushi there. Soemthing to look forward to in an otherwise expensive Las Vegas.
5	How much do you get for $23 dollas? Any-ting you want. Anything? A N Y T I N G. Oh, so hungry, oh oh so hungry, oh so hungry, me love you long time!For a minute, you might think you're in a whore house in disguise. I sure as hell did. This is Vegas after all. But no worry, this place is legit.They just know that sex sells. Especially when it's associated with fish. Raw fish. Or not so raw fish. They don't even try to be subtle about the sexual themed specialty rolls. It's just like "one minute man." "hand job." "wet dreams." Those dirty minded sushi chefs must be hard at work. (wait for it...) "that's what she said!!"All kidding aside, Yama is perfect to eat at with a group. Order one of each of the in-yo-face sexually themed rolls to share between you. Everything's part of the all you can eat price. Starters, appetizers, standard rolls, special sex-themed rolls, soup, entrees, desserts! The sexy time rolls are good, but super rich and lubed up in creamy sauce and mayo. Which is ironically appropriate. You definitely have to share these. The real sushi rolls (as in raw) are fresh and light. Seaweed salad was a good starter, and the green tea ice cream topped off a climactic lunch. YAMA-zing. It's definitely worth more than just a one night stand. I'll be back for more next time I'm in town. See you soon, Yama baby. lol.
4	This stuff is good. I mean like good GOOD.  Service is iffy sometimes,but I haven't had a completely terrible experience yet.It's kind of a tiny place so it gets pretty packed pretty easily.The area it's in is kinda ehh.But I dream about this sushi.Prices are good.
5	Yama sushi is delicious! This place is so small and looks pretty crappy from the outside, but the food is really good! The service is quick and the waitresses are really nice and accommodating. The sushi is really fresh and tasty. I guess my only complaint would be that I wished they had rice as a side dish on their menu. Other than that, I love this place and will be visiting a lot! I haven't tried the all you can eat, but I don't really see how that would be such a great deal... you would have to eat a lot of sushi for it to be worth it! but I see that a lot of people do it, so I'm guessing its good! I would recommend this place to anyone!
5	i would say...lllllove it ! winner and the best sushi around in vegas!
5	One word: "Seafood Salad". Enough said!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!After reading Joy's review, I thought anything meant everything... without limit! But as with life... there are always limits. But it is okay! This place still rocks the house. So a week ago, me and the bf planned a date night with Yama Sushi, but the day before decided we couldn't wait!This place isn't super easy to see because it is in a big plaza and the signage is tiny. With such wonderful reviews, I expected a fancier restaurants as with many newer sushi places these days. Nope. This place is small and simple. But simply delicious also. We took the advice of some of my fellow yelpers: we sat at the bar and did many half orders to try everything we can. Our goal was to see how much moneys worth of sushi we actually can eat, and we did pretty good! And we got to try so awesome sushi.First off we HAD TO try their Uni, and it was a small order, but surprisingly fresh! Great taste, though of course getting it fresh from Redondo was better, but in Vegas, it is the best we can do. And then there was the giant clam! YUM! The bf doesn't usually like giant clam (from Chinese restaurants) but he really enjoyed this. But there is a limit of 1 order per person for the uni and giant clam (and sweet shrimp, but we didn't order that.) And a limit to 1 order of seafood salad per person. *picture provided*And sushi rolls... we tried so many different ones I can't remember them all. But we did half orders instead so that we don't stuff ourselves too quickly. Had to save room for dessert! But before I knew it, I was bloated and couldn't eat anymore sushi. But I HAD TO order dessert. And I couldn't choose, so we got 1 of every flavor. *pictures posted also* Oh Em Gee the ice cream and mochi was fan-ta-bu-lous! Mango and Vanilla Mochi was incredible, and the strawberry was good too. Bummed that they didn't have the chocolate one that day. Oh well.Overall, great food, good sushi chefs, and nice simple and clean environment. The service was good, though the servers didn't have to do much for us. I will be back for sure. And I am gonna bring everyone I know! $23 AYCE is a great deal.. and even better when the sushi is actually good!BUT...There are a couple more stops I must make on my journey to find the best sushi in Las Vegas! Oh sushi, why do I love you so? Maybe it's the rice. Who knows.
2	i went back again recently and my experience was not the same as the first.  The sushi wasn't as good and the service blowed!  Our effen waitress gave some of our orders to other tables i think.  I know we ordered before other tables and saw others get their food first.  This place is a hit or miss, but seems like they are trying to save money by cutting on the quality.  First time experience I gave it 4 stars.  This time, I don't feel it is necessary to go to.  Like I said, it's going to be a hit or miss
5	If I'm in the mood for AYCE sushi I go straight for YAMA SUSHI!! It has about the cheapest AYCE that I have seen (22.99$) and they other lots of different kinds of rolls, appetizers, and the sushi is FRESH :) The staff is also very friendly and attentive, which I really like in an AYCE place as I frequently want to order more and more and more.. AND they double check your order Unlike some other AYCE sushi places they offer hamachi kama (and salmon kama too!) this is one of my favorite dishes and it is certainly delicious ::drools:: I like to take the lemon from my water and spurt some citrousy goodness on it, but that's just me. The agedashi tofu its ehh, the batter around it is kind of rubbery and hard to eat after its been in the sauce for... well right when it was delivered. They might not offer as many appetizer as other AYCE places (Oyshi sushi) but they offer a different variety and it is tasty.The sushi is very fresh and the cuts of fish are large. I LOVE the albacore, it melts in your mouth and it had just a dash of siracha. The yellowtail, garlic tuna and giant clam are also super yummy.The ice cream is quite good as well! They offer red bean, green tea, and plum. They also have mochi :dIf you're thinking about getting AYCE sushi try this place out! The food will not disappoint. However, it is kind of crowded and usually busy so if you're not into that type of atmosphere be warned. They have one large room for big groups so if you have one they can accommodate you, but you'll probably need a reservation. Happy eating!!
4	On the road working again. I aint gonna lie though i love coming to vegas to work. So this place was recomended by some locals. So a couple other chefs and i decided to check it out. Its about the only Jackpot i hit out there. we walk in and of course the best place to sit is at the bar. we check out the menu, this place hold nothing back. Anything and everything from Uni to sweet shrimp w/ the crispy fried head, soft shell crab to Hamachi kama my personal fav and lets not forget the amazing rolls. We also have a few drinks with a couple of the sushi chefs this always helps cuz you get your orders first. Servers were great and it will be the best 20 bucks you spend in Vegas.
4	DAbomb. I don't know why I even need to write a review...everyone has said it already. This is the place to go. I wish I was hungrier when I went. I live right by here so I've seen it plenty of times, but I never thought twice about going there because it is stuck next to dirty smelly Albertson's.One day I read the reviews here. So I went. Everyone is right. Cheapest AYCE and very high quality.Also, the staff is super nice and so attentive that you almost wanna ask them to leave you alone, but they are way too nice to do that. mmmmm i want to go eat there now.Also, it was jam-packed but still comfortable. And super cute looking inside too!
3	I sort of grew up in sushi restaurants and I have been to the best ones all of the world.  My comments here might be bit harsh for a sushi buffet.  The service is amazing, both sushi chef and waitress were smiling a lot.   The sushi rice is bit too hard, and obviously not flavored enough.  The sweet shrimps were very tiny and I will never try their Uni again.  But if you prefer CA rolls and other stuff that has tons of sauce on it.  This is the place.
5	not much to say that hasn't been said.  $23 for ANYTHING and EVERYTHING you want!  great service, great choices.  DELISH seafood salad.my friend and i went, we spent $46 between the two of us.  we figured out what we should have spent - get this - $117!  what a savings!  looooved it!!!  GO NOW!
5	Another amazing gorge fest of all you can eat sushi!! Love this place. Our server was great..the food just kept on coming out. Water was never empty. Good times! Can't wait til next time..
4	Come here every time I'm in Vegas. Made to order all you can eat sushi. One of the things I like most about this place is that it is not a buffet type of place, all the sushi is made when you order it. Also they have a lot of crazy type of rolls, like happy ending.
4	whoever thought the idea of all you can eat sushi would be a good idea was an idiot. a group of 18 and i went to Yama at 2pm for AYCE sushi. at least half of us were hungover, so the thought of scarfing down roll after roll didn't sound that appealing to me. but i'm never one to turn down a buffet opportunity so i gave in.i was so confused about the ordering process of the place. i totally imagined a bar with tons of different types of sushi that we can pick up ourselves. instead, we filled out the menus, which were then sent to the sushi chefs ... i think there were at least 3, to be made. for a sushi buffet, i was impressed that they still made their food fresh. there were so many different types of rolls, as well as their own concocted ones, which had really interesting, yet inappropriate names to it. one of my friends ordered the wet dream (that was really sweet), and other rolls donned names like who's yo daddy and happy ending and more nasty names that i wish i remembered. i had the harry potter, which had tuna on top and was a cucumber roll. the buffet also extended to appetizers and desserts. the seafood salad was awesome and our table was filled with different flavors of mochi (vanilla, strawberry, mango, and like 3 more flavors) and ice cream (green tea, red bean, plum!!!) by the end of the meal. also, everyone lost track of what they ordered, so we all ended up taking a roll or two and passing it down the table. so i had no idea what i was eating most of the meal. eventually all the rolls began to look and taste the same. some had different names but was identical in ingredients. it got really bad by the end because all the rolls came first and then the sushi. we ended up with like 6 full plates of salmon and the same amount of tuna that everyone claims they didn't order. the rule was that we had to finish everything, or else we had to pay for everything we ordered at individual prices, which would have cost a fortune. thankfully my table had some eaters and we were able to demolish most of the sushi and rolls. considering how the sushi is intended for buffet use, with lesser quality of ingredients, everything was still really good. definitely worth the $22.99 for AYCE sushi.and major props to our two or three waitresses accommodating a 19 person group. :)would i do it again? yes! but give me a few months to recover :)
5	I happened upon this restaurant by accident. I stopped in for a tempura shrimp roll & ended up getting the ALL U CAN EAT. You can't beat this deal. The fish is so FRESH and the VARIETY was more than I ever expected. You have to go. The staff is friendly & very attentive. I personally sit @ the Sushi Bar as opposed to a table. Your Sushi Master is right there @ your service & they make the greatest suggestions. The one price covers everything except your beverage & it truly ALL U CAN EAT.If you want great sushi and more for your money......YAMA SUSHI is the place to sit back & enjoy the menu.
4	There were quite a few FOB Japanese eating there, which usually a good sign that it'll be good. Super cute little hole in the wall, hidden in a really ghetto strip mall. Tourists pls note that this isn't the best area of town, so I be sure to lock your car door. It's next to a grocery store, so the parking lot should be pretty well lit at least. My friend wasn't familiar with all you can eat, and felt a little pressured by the waitress to order quickly and not ask questions. But overall service was really attentive, and nice that the waitresses were speaking to each other in Japanese (meaning theyr'e not Korean run like most sushi places lately).  I may have found a new fav sushi place, although it's mainly based off of the awesomeness of a couple specific items. The menu had a decent selection of nigiri and specialty rolls, didn't have as much variety on sides as most other places. I could taste the vinegar in the rice more than others, some people like that, I'm not a huge fan. The nigiri and specialty rolls we tried were just so so, but I would go back soley for the salmon kama (grilled collar), the amaebi (sweet shrimp), and the ice cream. I've had salmon and hamachi collar at sushi mon and island sushi, it was good, but nothing special. The salmon collar at Yama was probably the best salmon I've ever had. It had quite a bit of meat still on it, grilled to be really crispy on the outside, so rich and perfectly cooked on the inside. With the lemon and whatever sauce they give you on the side it was just heaven. Salmon collar on it's own is already $9 so you may as well just get the ayce.  Amaebi wasn't served as nigiri sushi - it was just the raw shrimp on its own w/out rice. Sweet, and texture was firm not mushy like it often is. I ordered it with the head, which was freshly fried - crispy, yum. You can order more than 1 ice cream if you want. They also had variety of mochi ice cream flavors instead of just vanilla, strawberry - they had chocolate, mango, etc. The green tea ice cream was also the best my friend and I had ever had. It's store bought, not housemade but for some reason it stood out from the green teas I've had in the past. It was creamy and you could really taste the green tea. Especially factoring the cheap dinner price, I'll definitely be back here sometime soon.
5	Stopped in today for lunch, still my favorite spot for all you can eat sushi. Today we sat at the bar and even though the place was packed at 2 pm, service was on point. Our sushi came out quickly, drinks stayed filled and empty plates were removed promptly. Yama never disappoints
3	went here for some all you can eat sushi.  maybe its because i have been to really Really REALLY good sushi places that this one just has fallen short.minus 1 star for the service. it was just not that great at all.  i understand the place was busy, but forgetting 3 of our orders...after reminding the server about it a few times...not great in my book.  minus star 2.  i also understand we are ordering from the all you can eat menu and they have the policy you order it you have to eat it or you may have to pay for the left overs.  but come on..when a roll is not  stated its baked and comes out that way...they should make an exception.  well...one of my friends order a specialty roll.  it did not mention it was baked. it just said hot.  well...my friend told the waiter this isn't what he thought it was and asked if he can get something else...waiter said no.  so from this...when you see a specialty roll just double check when it says hot.  because apparently hot means hot as in spicy and it can also mean baked.  all depends on the roll.maybe possibly will go back.  the food was actually decent.  again not the greatest sushi i have ever had.  but it was at least fresh.
4	I wanted to do something different and eat off the strip...  not being from Vegas I asked around and found myself here.  I got to say, this place is great!!!  the group of us did the all you can eat (AYCE) and I gotta say, its probably the best AYCE sushi place I've ever been to.  As long as you are not expecting top grade shashimi and such like some of you sushi snobs do.... you will be very happy you came here to eat.Best thing about it is you can order anything you want pretty much (some have a one order per person max, which is understandable), and I think that is great because they have a wide selection of items and they dont limit you to a preset AYCE menu which may happen at some other places.The service was terrific as well... it was really busy but the staff handled the volume as well as you could expect.  Overall they were friendly and efficient.  I really cant ask for more when it comes to asian restaurant service.  So, finally, Im not going to go over the plates here, because there are so many to choose from.  But I will say that, if you want to come to a place where you and your friends can eat and have fun, eat good food, and stay within a budget.... come HERE!!!
2	I'm writing this 1hour after I've experienced all the hype.I had expectations for this place from all the reviews and a friend reassuring me its the best in town... if that's the best in town its a pretty slack standard...The service is good. The hostess was prompt, a little unorganized, confusing the order of names for people waiting to be seated, (which could have been solved by simply using numbers...) Don't fire her for this she's cute.Jokes aside lets get down to what was not impressive.While getting seated I ordered their soft shell crab appetizer, as recommended by a fellow yelper. Disappointed that it was heavily breaded, overcooked, it wasn't a nice golden brown, but a dark-borderline singed brown, the sauce that accompanied it didn't compliment it all. I decided to just hastily consume the food and down it with my drink.I love spicy tuna and its many variations, but was extremely disappointed at how flat it tasted! No tang, no kick, no flavor, just the rice. Moving onto the soft shell crab, there's was no prominence in its taste, the crab lacked significant flavor to make me say, hey this is crab! & it tastes great! None of that.Moving to my third & fourth set, came the "devil" & the "you the man" rolls, the devil roll flat out failed when it touched my palate why give it such a name if it fails to deliver. The next roll faired a little better, its doesn't go all the way to impress but stops short of uncertainty. The jalapeno sauce gives it a mild tinge of attitude, but for its contents, it just doesn't hit the mark.Man Whore. The idea of taking a sushi and coating it with cheese and throwing it in the oven was most appealing. The first roll went down smoothly and I thought this night was going to turn with this roll. Come the second roll it just abruptly ended with a wtf! I suddenly found myself trying to figure out the weird mound of meat on top of my roll, wth is it exactly, cutting corners/cost using ground beef/pork/chicken? Where's the fish? Why does it feel like I'm eating someone's leftovers...Last roll for the night. Before calling it a night & grabbing my disgusting check, I was greeted by my final plate, dubbed the "No Name" by the person making my sushi. Tuna & Salmon wrapped in a green something...(assuming this is lettuce), coated with jalapeno sauce & God knows what else. As this was a custom creation, it felt that it had more character & creativity involved, it was a well balanced morsel, a hint tang, a mild spike and a dash of sweetness. Thank you for that Mr.JunIn closing, wth you're still reading this...go find another sushi place if you're looking for something special or something that doesn't taste flat.
4	I hate venturing east of the strip, but this is good quality sushi.  I recommend it.  Nigiri was excellent, and some creative rolls, but high quality solid cuts of fish!  Will be back.
5	This place is THE BEST!  The Seafood Salad is a MUST have!  All-you- can- eat for lunch is THE best deal in town. A great combo of food and service.
5	i LOVE LOVE LOVE Yama, It is my favorite sushi restaurant in Vegas. My friends and I go here at least once a month and I usually go once or twice a month on my own! I just love the fast service and the friendly sushi chefs. Their sushi is always fresh and their rolls are creative and have some funny names! My favorite rolls are the sun of the beach and the wet dream. But my most favorite thing on the menu is the seafood salad I always order mine spicy mmmmm. SO GOOD. I love that you can order as many appetizers and desserts as you would like and everything is included in the AYCE which I have found is not the case at other places. Yama is #1!
4	Great prices and service! While I've had better, for Vegas it was absolutely a deal for the quality of food. I'd come back in a heartbeat. Basically anything on the menu is a part of the AYCE so we had appetizers and desserts included... amazing. I was never really impressed with Japanese spots on the strip but Yama makes me long for sushi, just off the strip by a mile or two. Tip: ask for a side of tobiko and order more only after finishing your first batch, don't worry they're fast.
4	I don't like buffets, even in Vegas. But I have to admit, I love Yama Sushi:+ ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT GOOD QUALITY sushi+ WIDE SELECTION of sushi at AFFORDABLE PRICES+ TV, private area, and small bar area so you can sip on your sake while watching your favorite world series game+ UNLIMITED MOCHI ICE CREAM, if you don't feel bad asking for as much as you want (they don't really tell you this..)Until my next Vegas trip!
5	THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!!All you can eat sushi for $23 dollars!! That's such a steal in an expensive city like Las Vegas. The restaurant is located just right off the strip in a plaza with a huge parking lot, so the location and parking is a super plus. The wait time isn't that bad, but when I went, it was SUPER hot inside. For the actual food, they have all the usual rolls, but they also have a bunch of specialty rolls that they created themselves. All these specialty rolls also have these HILARIOUS names that are all very sexual (like wet dream, happy ending, and manwhore). I recommend not touching any of the ordinary rolls and just try one order of everything and share with your friends. They are all delicious and its also hilarious listening to the waitress repeat your order to you. There is also unlimited ice cream and mochi included in your dinner! I would definitely come back in the future. Great food, great price, great location!
5	One of the best reasonably priced sushi places I've been to in Vegas! A couple college buddies of mine brought me here for the first time several months ago, and ever since I've been hooked!The quality of the sushi is excellent! While many of the meal item names are a little cheesy and racy (one minute man, hand job, wet dream!), there are some very interesting dishes that not only taste delicious, but also Yama Sushi goes to the length to make their dishes look like you're eating at a high scale sushi bar. The times they have went have been very busy, but typically we wait no longer than 15 minutes each time to be sat. Service is friendly, quick, and the best part is that the service is organized and the waitresses are very sharp with remembering bulk orders.Love, love, love! This has to be my new bread and butter sushi bar to go on a regular basis. :)
2	I've been hearing a lot of people liking to go to a nearby-campus sushi place called Yama Sushi. From what i've heard a lot of my friends like going there. After over a year, i finally got to try it for myself a few days ago. Went with one who likes going there, one who came from So cal, and another friend who i usually go with and try new places, and rate/review them. First impression? Its another sushi place run by entirely koreans. At least i wasnt greeted with a Hi or in korean, and was at least in japanese... Lol Went about prime time for dinner, around 7pm on a friday night. pretty packed. lucky enough got a few seats at the sushi bar. $20/person for lunch, $24/person for dinner. average AYCE sushi prices. First impression of the bar? every piece of fish is pre-sliced to be used. 1st test? fail. 2nd test? do they cover the fish? initially yes. once begin to use? no. result? fail. since my friend likes yama sushi so much, we decided to try it anyway.Luckily... (maybe unfortunately...?) we had the current manager as our server. which is kind of weird. hope hes not the owner. starting off, we ordered friend soft shell crabs, hamachi kama (grilled yellowtail collar), and a seafood salad. 1 of the 2 ordered soft shell crabs came quite quickly. 2nd one? no where to be found for at least 10 minutes. hamachi kama? sold out (later saw one walk right past me... gave them benefit of the doubt and said that was the last one they had... unlucky me..) when the chef handed us the seafood salad, it wasnt 1 order.. it was 2... 1 normal.. 1 spicy. quite weird actually.... we only ordered 1 to share.. so i didnt know what a seafood salad was, thinking it was like a shrimp and crab salad tossed in like mayo or something.. it wasnt.. it was cubed sashimi... normal one was topped with a white sauce over a bed of shredded daikon.. nice. spicy one was that but it sat in a pool of spicy sauce... looks? not too good. taste? not bad. since the spicy covered almost any sort of taste on the fish, i tried it on the normal one. tuna was a bit dry. salmon was ok, minimal fat. yellow tail was... eh. so me and my friend who i go with testing places, ordered 2 salmon nigiri, 2 tuna nigiri, 2 yellowtail nigiri, and 2 tamago nigiri. as i said before, their preparation the fish was mediocre at best. having the fish uncovered will dry it out over time. having it pre-cut already increases the surface area of the fish which further dries it out and loses its quality and freshness. amount of rice is quite a lot per nigiri. rice doesnt seem to be made by the chefs either. i just see containers of rice brought out from the back while none of the chefs up in front have disappeared.. no good... the rice for sushi is a sushi chef's pride. so nigiri test? didnt do so well for us... we actually was kind of scared for our stomachs later due to how they keep their fish... my other 2 friends ordered rolls.. those were pretty good. decent sized. flavorful. unique. size was pretty decent. one good thing was all u can eat dessert. ice cream and mochi... honestly, other than this and maybe... the rolls, i cant give much any other positive points for this place... service was decent.. the waitresses filled my friend's soda quite fast... i never noticed him finishing his drink until the waitress asks to refill it. lolone thing that id like to mention. the so called manager (we saw his picture on the wall with the label manager under it) continuously asking us if we wanted to try something... a lot of times he makes something and like puts it in front of us.. and be like "hey try this. its really good. " We are like... uhm... we want to order our own things... he did this at least a few times.. quite annoying.... we think it was an order he may have messed up and tried to give it to us so it doesnt get wasted... kind of bad imo.. ----------------------------------------------Overall, rating for this place, aside from the star rating by yelp that u are required to give, my friend and i rate this place a 2-3 of 10.
3	Never go back again....food is ok...  For those pricy items allow 1 order per person, such as uni, sweet shrimp, & the sweet shrimps are extremely tiny!!!! very disappointed!!!the rest of the sushi are just ok... the waitress enforced u to finish the rice otherwise they will charge u with the sashimi price!!! how mean.... totally lost the meaning of All-U-Can-Eat!!! btw, our waitress is very rude too.i do love the mochi ice cream !! it was my bday they created a mochi ice cream bday cake for me.. it was cute & nice~~  thats why i gave this place 3/5.... otherwise it worth 2/5 only....
5	I freaking love this place. I am pretty sure I've never eaten sushi for MORE than my money's worth til I got here. It's AYCE sushi for $23 and you can order 3 rolls at a time (which is MORE THAN ENOUGH after about 2 rounds... especially if you go with a huge group and share everything). This restaurant seems to love me because it has nearly all of its roll with my favorite, SPICY TUNA. Many of the rolls kind of tasted the same, but I loved the Mad Dragon, Happy Ending, Snow in Vegas (or something like that).. and basically everything with spicy tuna, crab (not artificial crab!), eel, and/or avocado... YUM. I would go back again and again if I could :(. PLEASE GO TO YAMA SUSHI! They even include dessert in the flat price, with varieties of mochi and ice cream.. Drooooooollllll....Needless to say, everything was fresh and incredibly delicious.
4	Yama Sushi is my FAVORITE place to go.BUT I'm the only one that eats a lot of sushi so I end up getting ALL YOU CAN EAT and my boyfriend just orders like two dishes. The WAITRESSES which happen to be asian of course don't really like the fact that we do this because she thinks that we are SHARING which is strictly not allowed. and they stare at you THE WHOLE TIME! to make sure you dont SHARE. its annoying but the only reason i keep going its because i love their sushi. and i recomment "no name" and "son of the beach" ITS THE BEST!
5	I freak out on fish that has a smell, I will never eat at Pumi or other sushi places run with Chinese food or Korean food on the menu, I'm very discriminating. Yama has all you can eat sushi, they go through a lot of fish, so it stays fresh. If they have a less than mild flavored fish it seems to go in the "Seafood Salad" and it is delicious! No Ankimo, so it's not perfect, but at this price, and the quality of food, and the friendly staff, it's as close to perfect as you can get. Jun is the new manager, and he runs a tight ship, keep up the great work guys!! I'm a customer for life thanks to their great restaurant (I eat here once a week and have mostly for the last year and a half) (special compliment to Agus, what a friendly, terrific chef!)p.s. it's in a terrible neighborhood, but it's worth running the gauntlet of riff raff to get in here. The only other criticism, they put too much mayonnaise on the rolls, so I've learned not to order most of them. Always recommended are the yellowtail, salmon, albacore ,and  garlic tuna nigiri, the spider roll and I enjoy the firecracker without the sauce on it. In fact, I bet all the rolls are great without sauce, I'll have to go try that today :-)
5	I come to this place every time I'm in Vegas, often multiple times per trip. This could well be the best all you can eat sushi place I've ever been to.  Amazing variety for the price, and the tuna and salmon are always incredibly fresh and tasty.
4	I love this place! The sushi is awesome and the prices are so reasonable! They have a great variety and good service! The one thing I hate, is the wait! It's a small venue and always busy, but totally worth the wait!
4	Never really thought about eating off the strip when we're in Vegas.  This time, however, we were there for six days and eating on the strip all those days would have made us broke.  A friend had recommended coming to Yama.  OMG, what a great idea!  Tried it out was not disappointed.  For all the sushi, nigiri and dessert that you eat here, it's so worth the 20 something odd bucks that you pay per person.  Forget eating some fancy schmancy sushi on the strip at those uber expensive restaurants in the hotels...come to this place!  The waiters were super nice and were very attentive.  We ordered so much food from their regular menu and their special menu, it was retarded.  We stuffed our faces like people who have never eaten before. To follow, we had mochi and green tea ice cream...all you can eat!  That in itself was a plus.  I love chocolate mochi!  On the next trip to Vegas, we'll defnitely be making a pit stop here, for sure!  PS, be sure to read the fine print before you order loads of food though.  I think if you order certain things and don't finish it, they will charge you or something.  We had a couple pieces left of the rolls that we ordered and they were OK with it.  I think so long as you don't leave half a roll, then you are good to go!   Enjoy!
4	Just ate here.  Here is my Resume.  Wife is Japanese.  We go to Japan once a year.  So we know what fresh fish is.To get to the point, I would recommend this place.  I only got the UNI and the Mackeral and it was fresh.  Beer was cold, and they had alot of sashimi to choose from. I did not partake in the ALL YOU CAN EAT, but it seemedl like the mainstreamers enjoyed this as again the place was packed.Check this out if your in town.Thanks.
5	Any time I want sushi, Yama is the place to go.  The rolls are excellent, the all you can eat is definitely worth the price with tonkatsu, hamachi kama, and other awesome dishes as appetizers included in all you can eat, plus whatever rolls they offer.  They also have ice cream and mochi to help end the meal proper.  So good!
5	The Wet Dream & No-Name rolls are awesome. I get it everytime I go.
5	BEST ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI PLACE IN THE VEGAS AREA THAT I KNOW OF! Every time I'm in Las Vegas, I really try to hit this place up. It's good sushi (special rolls) yum, all for a fairly decent price!  NOTE: vacationers..It's not anywhere near the strip, maybe a $20 cab ride to and from the strip..make sure to get a taxi's number so they can pick you up once your done. ENJOY it's worth it! =)
3	Gotta luv AYCE sushi for only $19.95 (and just $3 more during dinner)! They have nigiri, temaki, uramaki style sushi. It's a bit different that you order off a menu sheet & they don't bother to replace it with another order sheet (guess they don't want you to order more since it's an all you can eat).Several disappointments: they were out of uni, when I order ama emi I expect it to be served with deep fried ebi but none came, their floors were slippery. Their dynamite is not what I expected (not enuff mayo for my taste).Now the plusses: they have an extensive list of sushi rolls, the hamachi kama is HUGE & moist & the skin was onoliciously crispy.I'm not a fan of wasabi or ginger but my friends luvd it.This place  was busy for a weekday @ 2pm.
4	Yeah, Yama Sushi truly deserves the four stars. Other than not having special fish like super white tuna (which is served at Sushi Mon), Yama Sushi has pretty some exotic fish that you might fancy. I do especially enjoy the quaint atmosphere and the super nice service from Stella. If you are on the eastside, then go ahead, give Yama Sushi a try. I know I will come back for sure.
4	Food is excellent for the price (all u can eat), (ordered every uncooked roll and some with tempura) friendly staff, all you can eat is limited to 3 orders per person, until you're ready for more. This place seems to be korean owned. Which is cool too. Ordered several pairs of yellowtail nigiri. The sashimi tasted fresh.
5	OMG MY FAVORITE LITTLE HOLE-IN -THE-WALL SUSHI PLACE IN VEGAS!!!!!  Ok, I will admit that I have not tried an abundant number of sushi places in Vegas, however, this is my favorite.  With a large list of specialty roles that are all DELICIOUS, in addition to their large a-la-carte menu, this place rarely disappoints.Moving to Vegas from California I was afraid all quality sushy would be removed from my life.  However, I will repeat that I have never been disappointed here!  I almost always get the all you can eat for $23 (dinner price...fat ass, I know) because I can never decide on just one roll, or a small number of a la carte sushi.  Give it a try, and I highly doubt you will be disappointed.
4	I went there last night with my girlfriend and I have to say i was surprised. I have to agree with someone's review about "hole in the wall" from the outside you would not expect much, but once your inside the place is packed for dinner and they have all you can eat for around 23$. The Sushi was delicious and fresh. The service was fast and very friendly, its a little tight in there seating wise but well worth it.
5	So this place I personally think is the best AYCE sushi in Las Vegas! not only is it affordable but also the sushi is great! Especially their baked rolls, and all for around 25 bucks.Its the best AYCE sushi in Las Vegas, hands down
1	where is my sushi???? ......have you ever waited so long for your food that you just didn't want to eat there  anymore & want to leave??? well that's what  me & my bf experienced the other day. First impression, nice little place.  the lady gave us a sheet of paper to order on, so we  started out with our usual 6 orders of nigiri , 3 half rolls & 2 hand rolls.  20 mins later, two half rolls come in. surprising because  usually, the nigiri comes before the rolls. after we scarf down the rolls, we r ready for more! we wait, n wait, n wait, and finally some nigiri. we are expecting to get our 6 orders of nigiri at this point, but we only get 1. took us about 2 seconds to finish them and we are playing the waiting game again. 10 minutes goes by and we have 2 more pieces of sushi in front of us. this is where things started to get annoying. we have been here for more than 40 minutes, got 2 half rolls and 2 orders of nigiri. it was 2pm on a Friday afternoon and the place was not busy. we began to think they forgot our order. we ask the lady for the third time where is our nigiri and the rest of our order, she then doubled check and came back to tell us it will be right out & that it took awhile to get our scallops ready (bullshit!!). as we were still waiting, & thirsty at the same time since our cup of green tea was empty. the waiter comes by to see our cups were empty and does not refill our glass. take in mind, that the hot pot of tea was in her hand. I think that was our sign to leave and to never ever return to Yama sushi again. just tooo dammmmn ridiculous.
3	3.5 stars, but for $23, you can't complain too much.  My cousins took me here a few years ago and I really enjoyed it.  On a return visit this past Vegas trip, I noticed the quality had gone down and the popularity had gone up.  The fish is still very, very fresh.  The only complaint I had from the place was the rice.  The sushi rice was not seasoned at all.  Not only that, it was very sticky like it was right out of the rice cooker.  Sushi rice needs to be seasoned and left out for a little bit otherwise you just have a rice ball.  I don't know what's better, the sauce on the "kiss the ass" roll, or our fobby waitress saying, "kiss the ass" as she puts it on the table.  We ordered a few rolls and a lot of the nigiri.  The rolls were good and they let you make half orders.  This is great if you want to try a variety of them.  They had sweet shrimp and they even fried the heads.  I love that.  It also seemed the nigiri was very inconsistent.  Some of them had a big piece of fish on top and some had lots of rice.  I didn't really mind they limit you one of some of the items, because how much uni and giant clam can you really eat?The appetizers were just okay.  The yakitori and the agadashi tofu weren't all that great.  We ordered a few others, but they weren't memorable enough for me to even recall what they were.  The dessert was nice.  Most places don't usually include that.  Mochi ice cream can't be bad.
5	I've only eaten here once and it did not disappoint. Every spontaneous trip to Vegas will always deserve a visit to Yama Sushi. My boyfriend and I came here for their all-you-can-eat lunch. Almost everything on their lunch menu is offered for A.Y.C.E.!!!!!! It's about $20/person for lunch. We ordered almost $100 worth of rolls (because we are heffers) and only paid $40. Not to mention our 5 orders of appetizers and sashimi. Definitely an amazing deal in Vegas, just a little ways off the strip :).
4	Found this place on yelp while visiting Vegas with the hubby.  Love that they offer all you can eat.  Which is what we did because it was worth the $.    Customer service was awesome!  Would definitely go there again when I visit Vegas again =)
2	After multiple visits, I've come to realize: don't believe the hype. The food and service is really hit or miss. The sushi is OK, but not the freshest or tastiest fish at all. The service went from "Meh" the first time to terrible on my last visit. Our server could not place orders correctly, and only half our food came out. When we brought up the issues to another server, after much deliberation, silence, and more waiting, our sushi chef sent us home with the rolls he made for us that we never ordered or wanted. If you are going, and want some sashimi order the seafood salad, $10 isn't too bad.
5	YES YES YES! I am there at least once a week. I love all the rolls and how they are different and very fresh. You can find me at the bar having all you can eat sushi and leaving fat and happy.
5	Over a year since my last visit and this place still did not disappoint me! HUGE selection, fresh made rolls, surprisingly fresh fish for a buffet and it was cheap! Highly recommended for people coming in for a grub and go! And the Patron was on sale next door at Albertson! $35!!! CHEAP! oh yeah and it was cheap for the sushi lunch buffet too!
4	Went here with a large group of friends last thursday night.  Even though we got there around 8, the place was packed and it was about a 20 to 30 minute wait.  My friend who organized the get-together didn't like how she couldn't make a reservation because we didn't have enough people for it, but since I wasn't the one planning it I won't take it into account in this review ;).  The building is small but it feel very warm.  We had table near the corner set away from the main walkway, so we didn't have people running into us or elbowing us as they walked.  The table wasn't bolted to the floor or heavy, so it was very easy to push around, and we frequently had to recenter the table due to it moving under the weight of elbows and arms.  There was a "fake" table leg at the head of the table which popped in and out, much to the amusement of one of my friends.  The waitress was very kind and made it a priority to make sure she got our orders down perfectly.  All of us except for one had the All You Can Eat deal for 22 bucks.  She repeated all the orders just to make sure, and even explained which ones come out faster and which ones took longer to prepare.  Not necessary, but it it shows a great commitment to customer service.Now, for "All-You-Can-Eat" specials, you often go in with low expectations in terms of quality, since most places emphasize on quantity rather than quality.  The food here, however, was way above average for an All You Can Eat place.  The TNT and Vegas speciality rolls were my favorites, but the best cut I had was the smoked salmon sushi.  I highly, highly, HIGHLY recommend that cut, it was the best cut of salmon I have ever eaten in an All You Can Eat sushi restaurant.  It did take us awhile to get our check when we were done, but besides that the service was good, and our waitress was extremely attentive to our order and making sure we got everything that we ordered and that it was prepared right.On a funny note, they had NASCAR on the tv next to our table.  Quite ironic for them to have a sport like that in an Asian restaurant, lol.  PROS:Very good sushi for All You Can EatAttentive waitressGood and fair price (i.e. you get what you pay for, and more)Clean bathrooms CONS:Small building, can be cramped and congested on the walkwaysWaits can be long, especially at night, even on weekdaysWILL I RETURN?:  Absolutely!  When I'm in the mood for sushi, I'll probably come back here!
5	The truth behind great sushi lies in the freshness of the fish. In Vegas, where there's an all-you-can-eat sushi joint around every corner, you will find that most of them are fair at best. Then there are those places that have a well earned reputation that bring people in in droves - like Yama Sushi. The place is always busy, which means they go through a lot of fish  - which means the fish is ALWAYS fresh. Their all-you-can-eat special is one of the best meal deals in a town known for great meal deals. Don't forget to order the Seafood Salad - it's the perfect finisher.
4	Before living in Las Vegas, I lived in the Great Lakes region, which means polluted waters and a dead fish smell everywhere. This is why I have never tried fish, sushi, shellfish, etc, because I've been worried about that dead fish smell and automatically associate any seafood with it.  When I first met my boyfriend, he said he would take me out for sushi and I frowned but he didn't understand why. He had to "show" me that it's not a fishy smell. We went to Yama Sushi, and he was absolutely right! We ordered the Sun of the Beach roll which had shrimp tempura, eel, and avocado in//salmon out with their spicy mayo and eel sauce. I am not kidding when I say I could drink the spicy mayo. It's not a burning spicy at all!  We ordered another one to share, and he had an order of tuna. I tried that as well, and no fishy smell whatsoever. Let me just reiterate that my senses for the "fishy" smell are so sensitive that I do not eat tuna fish, cooked fish, crab, anything like that!  Yama never disappoints and now I love eating sushi!  Thank you Yama!
4	I go here with friends who eat here way too often (IMO). They know all the sushi chefs and have their favorite, Joon. He's the Bomb! And BTW... he likes to do Sake Bombs so buy him and yourself one. And if you're in a group... he does the Sake Bomb Domino.. totally KEWL! Anyways... for AYCE... this is the place. I've not head a bad experience yet and have been here on all different days for dinner... been here about 12 times in the past 2 years. My FAVE is the Sexy Salmon... meaty, salmon with a sliver of lemon and a small slice of avo and jalapeno. YUM! My mouth does a little dance. I usually get 2 orders just for me. :) Another FAVE... "Belly"... I think this is Toro... anyways... it's a specialty and I think it's extra and it's not always available. But WOW! It melts in your mouth and is the BEST piece of fish ever! Ask for it... You'll see what I mean. Their rolls are really good and can get a little crazy with the sauces so ask them to go light and it's not a problem. Did I mention the Sexy Salmon? Oh yea... I did... I actually crave it sometimes... but as this is not a close place to get to for me... I have to wait til the friends can get together... Speaking of which... I better e-mail them and see what they are up to. :)
5	This use to be one of my favorite sushi places when I was stationed at Nellis. The best rolls were the firecracker, snow in Vegas and (my absolute favorite) happy ending. There is always great service and fresh fish. On the weekends there is always a wait, but it is totally worth it.
4	Been here three times this year so far and plan on going again and again!  The AYCE menu has a variety of appetizers such as seaweed or seafood salads, yakatori, gyoza, mussels, miso, and more! Overall the fish quality is fresh and the variety of rolls is great. Yama sushi is kind of small and seems to be always packed with people waiting outside but its well worth it! Since its always busy, the service can get kind of slow especially when you've ordered a lot of rolls. If you get the all you can eat, order appetizers while waiting for your rolls and nigri! One of my favorite parts about this place is that they offer green tea ice cream and strawberry and chocolate mochi for dessert!If you're a fan of sushi and ayce, I HIGHLY recommend trying this place!
5	Received a very warm welcome in this place. The service is awesome and the food is wonderful! Tables are partitioned by removable paper walls, it reminds me of Kungfu Panda's "dorm." See for yourself. The bar's looking hot too :)
4	When I think of "all you can eat" and "sushi," I know it's too good to be true - but this place delivers! A friend of mine who lives in the area took me here and I will surely be going every time I visit sin city. They don't scale down the portions or quality at all. Vibe was great with a lot of people inside. Custom rolls with catchy names were also delicious! I am definitely a fan of Yama.
2	Yama had the same feel as sushimon spacewise, which was very small and crammed in. I found their selection of rolls to be lacking. It seemed like most of their sushis were either dripping with eel sauce or it's very spicy. The fish they used for their sushi tasted and looked fresh, so that was a plus. The service was great, but there was a little chaos with seating customers. They need some kind of system to know which people to seat first. Although it was very busy when me and and my family came, the wait wasn't too bad.  I expected a lot from this place and sadly, I left unimpressed.
3	This place is owned by Koreans so don't expect authentice Japanese sushi. The best option is to get the AYCE sushi. The lunch price is around 17 and 23 for dinner. You have to eat all the rice. Most of the sushi was either deep fried or was covered in sauce. They do have a large selection of rolls, although they do seem like a variation of the same thing.
4	We dropped by this place on the way back from a Vegas weekend and really enjoyed it! We got lucky, getting in just before 12 and only had about a 5 minute wait. The place got packed moments after we were seated though. The AYCE sushi is fresh (Uni!!! Ikura!!) and delicious! The menu includes various sushi, cut rolls, hand rolls, cooked items, sides, and a couple choices for dessert. They've got all the standard sushi items you would expect at any respectable sushi place, but also have their own special rolls that they've named with a Vegas theme, though most of them seem like other rolls with cream cheese added (not something that floats my boat much...). The service is very friendly, though waiting for some of our orders sometimes took a bit longer than expected. It takes a bit for me to give 5 stars to a sushi place...its REALLY gotta be amazing in that case. I only drop a half a star because they took a little longer than expected on some of the items, and one item didn't come at all. Not a big deal as we did get our filling, and though we did get our filling, I would have liked to try the other items too.
4	The Sushi is phenomenal, but they are almost always packed, so expect a wait. The servers get a little bit slow two or three orders into an all-you-can-eat meal, but it's not terrible. I'd give it 5 stars if they had twice the space.
3	Love the all you can eat. Reasonably priced and a wide variety to choose from.My favorite is the Sea food Salad...but sadly you can only order one in the all you can eat meal.
2	As I am drafting this review, I have already been waiting 30 minutes for our order. The sushi is average (thus the 2 stars), but the sushi chefs need to get out their orders according to when they were placed.Granted we did have a large party, our rolls still should not have taken 45+ minutes to prepare - mind you this was the same amount of time a table came AFTER us, ate, paid and left before our waiter even said something about our order. Obviously the chef was not placing the orders in chronological order, or he looked at our order of 3 rolls and 10 sushi nigiri and thought, "f*ck it" and then stuck it in a corner praying that it would go away. Either case - not cool.The staff seemed apologetic enough, however they should have checked up on us sooner. When they did eventually check up on us they asked (with a puzzled look), "you still haven't gotten your sushi?"  Well, thank you, Captain Obvious.  Who else would have brought them to us and then quickly took our empty plates away? Definitely not the sushi chef. Anyway, the sun of the beach roll was very good and in the end we ended up getting all our rolls, so I added an extra star for delayed effort.
2	Last visit here will probably be my last for awhile. I ordered some tamago nigiri and you know what they served me?Tamago. No rice. No nori. How is that a nigiri sushi?!Disappointment.
5	Some of the best sushi! I hope they invest in a bigger venue. It's always busy.
1	I come here. When I'm desperite. Service=mediocre, and I'm ALWAYS down for all you can eat sushi, but I seem to get heckled about my options. Eh. Most times i get a semi dirty table, why i still go? Hungry.The miso soup is the best you can hope for, and i feel the servers are usuallyh playing dumb.
5	My fave place for all you can eat sushi. I have gone to the expensive places before and had good sushi, but who wants that price tag. It takes a lot of sushi to fill me up and frankly I could never eat till I am full at a non ayce and pay the bill. Well I mean I could, but I wouldn't want to. Anyway, one of my fave items is the seafood salad. The way I discovered it was one time I went alone and sat at the bar and the chef asked me if he could make me something. I said sure, and I am given the most delicious seafood salad ever. Everytime I order it is different, I guess it depends on the chef who makes it. It never disappoints. The staff is friendly and always comes back when we are almost done with our order to see if we are ready for the next round. My water glass is always full, I don't like to order soda because it fills me up too fast. The must try rolls are Strip Tease, Son of the Beach and baby one more time. I also like the harry potter roll and their selection of nigiri is great. Smoked salmon is so tasty. Next time you find yourself in Vegas and you are craving sushi, visit Yama, it is worth it.
4	Fast Food Sushi.We have been there twice.  There is always a wait.  I have no idea how the fire marshal doesn't shut them down because everyone is PACKED in there.They have an all you can eat special, but we just order by the roll.  The food is always good, and the service is fast.The one thing that I don't like, is that the decor is dirty.  I understand they are super busy, but take some pride and time to clean the place properly.
2	For the longest time me and a friend have planned to have sushi together and finally one day after months of waiting we made it official at Yama Sushi. She loves Yama Sushi, but unfortunately I can't say the same. I've been to Yama one time previously, but the visit was mediocre and easily forgotten. My latest visit was certainly disappointing. Yama's prices for AYCE is a little cheaper than most places in vegas at $20/lunch and $23/dinner. If you're not ordering AYCE then you should expect most rolls to cost you anywhere from $3 (vegetable roll) to $14. Lets talk about the grubbb. I ordered three different nigiri which were salmon, tuna, and yellow tail. All three each were fat slices of dry fish and smelled fishy. The tuna was especially rubbery and I am ashamed to say I had to drench it in soy sauce to finish it. However the rolls were decent, maybe because of the sauces hiding the poor quality fish. My "I love salmon roll" had a good portion brown avocado, but I guess what can you do it is AYCE. The rolls off the special menu (the rolls with sexual names i.e man whore) were very presentable. If I were to visit again I would definitely skip the nigiri and go for the special menu items. Desserts are AYCE as well, not limited to one like other places. AYCE mochi ice cream yay, but for some odd reason my plum ice cream was really foamy.Now to the quirky service.Short version: quirky and confusing servers. Long wait time, forgot orders, payment problems and miscommunication.  Brace yourself for story time. My waitress that day was all sorts of weird. When my missing party members came she asked them what they wanted to drink, but in a rude tone. Uh... okay maybe thats her natural tone. Next was the ordering issues. I tell her about 5 things that I would like to order (2 orders of salmon, tuna, yellow tail nigiri, 1 seaweed salad, and a I Love Salmon roll) and then she moves onto the next person, but wait she then tells me I can only order two items at a time. What the.. okay maybe they want to protect me from wasting food. So she then ask me if I want my nigiri first or my roll. I tell her I want my nigiri first and she confirms it with me, alright cool. My first order was my roll, what the heck, thats no problem since I still wanted the roll.. but why even bother asking me if you're not going to follow through. My friend whom ordered halibut nigiri and a roll did not get his order for atleast 15 minutes, and when it came, it was just the roll. He confirmed with her if his nigiri was still coming and she checks with the chef, "it will be just a moment".  It never comes, he gives up, and just orders something else. My other friend did not receive his cucumber roll for at least another 10 minutes after my second order. When it came time to paying we split the check, one with two AYCE (mine) and the other with two AYCE and one drink. We specifically pointed to the credit card that is getting the two AYCE and a drink. For some reason they charged me two AYCE and two drinks, not a big price difference or anything... but what the heck, we POINTED out which card. Argggh horrible service is a real killer for me, perhaps their staff were all newbies that day, all I know is they need to get it together.
5	so me and the husband went to dinner on a week day night. we got to yama sushi and there was a 20 min wait. my husband wanted to bail and not wait but after hearing such good things i told him we were staying and i didnt realize that the resturant is so small and packed but it was worth the wait.let me just let u know that my husband is not a true sushi fan. so the first were mostly shrimp temp rolls but my friend had suggestioned the NO NAME roll and it was deliscious!!!the dinner all u can eat is 23 dollars and the no name roll itself is almost 15 dollars so to me that was a steal and there is no time limit or anything im hooked!!!
5	A whole in a wall type of restaurant. They have delicious sushi and all you can eat mochi ice cream. Most all you can sushi restaurants in Vegas have a one hour limit. But at Yama Sushi, the sushi-eat-a-thon is endless. Yama Sushi doesn't take any reservations, you have to show up and put your name on the list. Sometimes the wait can go up to an hour to hour and a half with parties of 5 or more. If there's only two of you, give it at least a 30 minute wait. When you are seated, of course look at the rolls first because they take time to make. The appetizers are usually ready to be served. As for appetizers, definitely order baked green mussels. Depending on the number of your party, they ask you how many pieces. It can go from 6 to 12 to even 40. Yes, we've ordered 40 pieces of baked green mussels. As for rolls, there are so many of deliciousness! But definitely get "Man whore" "Firecracker" "No Name". Those are defo my faves. Dessert is pretty easy, mochi ice cream and plum ice cream.Definitely worth the money, so tip well!
5	$20 all you can eat sushi. This place is away from the strip. Came here with a big group of friends (13 people) and they put our tables together and we were seated within couple mins. Their special rolls are the best. I like how you can order ANYTHING u want off their menu (appetizers, sushi, soups, desserts) since some place only have limited selection and you can order as many time as you want. Our group ordered so many rolls I don't even remember which rolls we got. We were so full we almost didn't finish but we made sure we did so they wouldn't charge us extra for not finishing (not sure if they do but most AYCE restaurants do charge for not finishing). I like how how you can order mochi ice cream as many times as you want (strawberry and chocolate mochi ice cream YUMMY!), I don't know any other AYCE sushi places that do that. The service was good especially for a big group like ours. If I'm ever craving AYCE sushi in Vegas, I'll make sure to come back here.
4	It was my first time w/my sister and my cousin who highly recommended the place for AYCE Sushi.  Yummy sushi...name of the rolls are hilarious...and very friendly service.   Love love their salads, so fresh and so flavorful (Spicy Sashimi Salad).
5	This is my second visit.. Incredible service! The Yama Sushi staff are extremely friendly and had the utmost patience with big parties! $23 for all you can eat dinner is not that bad! Wet Dream roll and No Name roll are deliiiish! This place would be perfect if it expanded and had more room =)
5	Where to begin?? This is my FAVORITE sushi joint EVER! I happily make the drive from Summerlin to Yama every chance I get!  The prices are very reasonable compared to most sushi places!! (At Yama, my son and I can eat AYCE dinner for just under $50 leaving plenty of cash for tips!  The last place I took him too, cost us $75 BEFORE tip.. and it was AYCE too, but most stuff wasn't included, but you'll read about that in their review later. =)*Now, about the food: ALWAYS fresh, never fishy, and they always customize it for your tastes! I go about once every other month or so, but the chefs still remember me, and keep the Crazy red chili sauce to themselves. So that speaks great for their service too and ensures the food is how I like it every time. Another reviewer mentioned the Baked Green Mussels- Those are a MUST on every trip! They have the best mussels EVER!  Like they have their own way of making it that sets theirs apart from every where else. Also, their Man Whore, Son of a Beach and Harry Potter rolls are to die for! Plus, I love that you can order half rolls!  So if you just want to try a roll, or if you want to be able to maximize the amount of choices you get without stuffing yourself sick, you can half roll it all day long! lol. The Chicken Yakitori and Teriyaki is delicious too! And this is perhaps the only joint in town where you can have as much mochi and ice cream as you want*ABOUT THE AYCE: Ok, I noticed some people commented that you will be charged for what you don't eat- that is semi true here, but true for ALL AYCE sushi joints. All AYCE joints have the time limit/no waste signs, and some even have the No mochi with AYCE sign too! And I understand why- You don't want some one ordering 15 rolls, eating 2 bites of each and wasting the rest. It totally makes sense to me. The difference with Yama is- If you tried it and it just totally didn't suit your taste buds, tell them and they will take it back. If you make an honest effort to eat the whole roll but have a few pieces left, they won't care. The only time they have ever said anything to my friends or myself, was when we have about 15 pieces of various rolls laying around. Plus Yama DOESN'T have a time limit, nor a food quantity limit like some places. If you want 30 pieces of Mochi, then bring on the Ice Cream Headache! Again, The AYCE rules makes total sense.*The service: They are freaking awesome! I see some people talking about wait. They must be going at 7pm on a Friday or Saturday, and you'll experience long waits at those times anywhere you go. I usually have a party of 4 with me when ever I go, and we are usually seated within minutes.  The chefs remember our choices and have even created special rolls just for us when we go in! And if you don't like their experiment they made for you, not a problem! They aren't offended, and they don't charge you for it. You can flag down any waitress, they aren't territorial in any way. nor are they judgmental - Sure they giggle when my 11 year old son orders one of every flavor of mochi plus a green tea and plum ice cream, but they deliver it to him none the less!  After all, it's me that has to deal with his sugar high later, right? lol*Over All* This is a great restaurant! If you had a less than perfect experience the first time, it was just a fluke and you should give them a second chance! And regardless of what any one says, The Crazy Red Chili sauce is the work of the Devil. =)
5	This place was really amazing. It is one of those places where they make your sushi fresh and it's not just sitting on some plate. They are made to order and you can keep ordering as much as you want for as long as you want! Since there is no time limit, it makes the place amazing. They have a ton of variety of sushi's that I am sure they made up themselves... or at least the names. Some are warm, some are soft, some are unique, and some are great! you can pretty much order what your heart desires and the service is really good! Cannot wait to go back :D
5	Yama is the best place to go for All You Can Eat sushi in Vegas!  Don't let the fact that it's located off the Strip, pretty much in the ghetto scare you away.  Once inside, you too will become a fan!  When they say all you can eat, they fucking mean it!  Anything, and I mean anything (as many as you want) can be ordered.  Any of their combo rolls, specialty rolls, individual sushi, appetizers, dessert...let me repeat myself everything on the menu is fair game.  You've got to try the green mussels and soft shell crab.  They don't give you a shitload of rice with tiny pieces of fish like most AYCE.  It also doesn't fall apart or look like something some illegal Mexican rolled.  These Japanese sushi chefs (a rare find for Vegas) are making each item a work of (edible) art. I've actually ordered so much food (on several occasions) that I thought I would get kicked out of the place.  I've made the mistake of checking off too many items when I first sit down that midway through my meal, I pray that no more is coming.Whenever I've taken friends here, I put in the first order and they are shocked at how many items arrive on our table.  They too can't believe that we aren't eventually cut off or asked to leave.There's no dead fish smell when you walk in the door which is a sign that one should turn around and seek their sushi elsewhere.  You can go down the street and eat at Hamada where you will pay much more and get much less.  That place is a tourist trap in a prime location where Yama is a local's joint.What's funny (or sad really) is I'm back up in Seattle now...where we get a lot of fresh seafood.  I still haven't found a sushi joint that can compare to Yama.  It's pretty ironic that I've eaten better sushi in the desert than I have up here on the west coast.Whenever Morimoto comes to Vegas, I take him here and he is pleased.  :)
5	Being from Washington, we have no shortage of good sushi restaurants, so it was a pleasant surprise to find a GOOD sushi restaurant here that was not insanely expensive. Others at $18 a roll?  Methinks not.  Now - on to Yama.  We were greeted by courteous staff who kept coming back to check on us, refill our waters and bring us more beer and hot tea.  Our chef was Jun.  AMAZING!  He prepared a spicy salad with octopus and tuna that really hit the spot!Next - the rolls.  Wow.  All I have to say is wow.  You can't help but giggle as you say, "I'd like a Man Whore and Sex on the Beach, please."  The rolls are as sinfully delicous as any roll can be.  They were prepared quickly and efficiently with very fresh ingredients.   I WILL be back.  I am coming back in a couple of months and this will be one of my first stops.
5	All I can say is WOW! Excellent service and food. Fish was extremely fresh. The Sun of the Beach roll was the best roll I ever ate! Very reasonably priced for all you can eat in Vegas.
3	The Sushi here is not as good as Sumo Sushi 2 BUT it IS pretty darn good!Plus: You can order half rollsMinus: The rolls did not taste as good as Sumo SushiEvery roll seem to have had Spicy Tuna in it. I love it but it all begins to taste the same... I was going to list all the rolls we had and rate them to taste but everyone has different tastes so I suggest if you are going to Vegas and do not wish to stray too far from the strip, this is the place to go!If you want to stray a lil, go to Sumo Sushi 2!
5	Hmm. It's crowded. There's a line. It might be a good idea to plan your trip to this all you can eat sushi because it's freakin good. So stop complaining!I love this place. Unlimited of anything I can think of of everything I want from sushi restaurant: seaweed salad, cucumber salad, hand rolls and sushi rolls. I can't remember all the rolls we ordered but I remember loving each and everyone of them like small cute bunnies running around the park in Springtime. The waiter also recommended his favorites so that was a plus. Water was always refilled. Empty plates were always taken because our table was tiny.My best advice to you: go sometime between lunch and dinner. Shorter wait, but still a wait. Like 30 minutes.:P
5	Uh huh it's Vegas, other than the booze, the partying scenes and good shopping, I am mostly here for the food. I found this place through a local and I could pretty much said it's love at first sight for an AYCE sushi. The seafood salad is really good. I dont know why they call it SEAFOOD salad and have all the raw sashimi on it with a really yummy sauce. IMO, it should be called "SASHIMI SALAD" ..okay it's same shiet..whatever! The soft shell crab hand roll is good, yellowtail collar and the NO NAME roll and the SUN OF THE BEACH are good too and yeah dessert is included, mochi ice cream baby! For $22/sushi buffet, I just cant wait to be back to Vegas again.
5	This place is awesome! Excellent sushi - and it's all you can eat for lunch! Doesn't get any better.  And they don't limit the all you can eat menu like many other places - you can get as much uni as you want until your arteries have turned to cement.  Oishii!  Can't wait to go back during my next trip.
4	This is currently my favorite all you can eat for sushi. The only problem is that they always seem to be packed and I don't like waiting.The fish salad is good, and their sushi fish pieces are good too...although it seems most prefer their decadent rolls.Once you get past the crazies outside, and the crowd waiting to get in, you'll have a filling experience.
4	Great food, service was super fast!! All you can eat prices were very resonable.
5	Yama sushi is my all time favorite sushi restaraunt in Vegas! The fish is always fresh, but it is the chefs that makes the experience memorable. word of advice... get there early because the line is out the door!
4	Nice AYCE sushi place off the strip. It gets pretty busy so expect a line. The special rolls have funky names and most of them are pretty good. The staff is attentive and pretty good at refilling drinks.Only thing I suggest is to not get the uni. Everything else was great.
2	I'm a huge fan of sushi, especially joints that offer AYCE. I was excited to try this place as it gets good enough reviews and quite a few of my friends love it. Unfortunately, I can't join them in their enthusiasm for this particular sushi restaurant.Being a sushi enthusiast and just plain hungry, I was excited when we were finally seated [about a 40 minute wait for three people for lunch]. I looked over their rolls and the rest of their AYCE sushi offerings. Five minutes later, someone finally came to take our drink order. The drinks arrived pretty quickly, but after that, it was just a whole bunch of waiting for our server to actually approach us. Needless to say, once the waitress finally approached us, I told her what I wanted for my first round of ordering and my fellow diners follow suit. It's not until we finished ordering that she tells us it's only two items per person at a time. WHAT?!?! Blasphemy. First, she should have informed us after I clearly ordered more than two things, or at least before letting the other two diners order. Secondly, what kind of BS is that? I should be able to order what I want, when I want. The wait for the foods was pretty bad too. I understand a little bit of a delay sometimes, when the restaurant is super busy - but it was just too much of a wait here. I think I spent more time waiting, than actually eating - especially with the two at a time BS. Not to mention the fact that our waitress forgot about a couple of orders [which ironically worked out for the best as I didn't really want to eat anymore of their sub-par food]. As for the quality of the fish - it was mediocre. The fish on the nigiri [tuna & yellowtail] smelled a little bit and were dry. The only reason I was able to eat my orders was because I drowned the fish in the leftover sauce from the seafood salad. The pieces of unagi they gave me were small, and all I could basically taste was the eel sauce. I did enjoy a couple of the rolls I ordered, especially one called No Name. They have an unlimited amount on desserts, but not a very huge selection. Just a few different flavors of ice cream & mochi. All in all, I wouldn't go back. Poor fish quality, long waits, & bad service is not something I would pay 20 plus dollars for. I'll stick to my usual sushi spots instead.
3	There are better all you can eat places with real variety, and not just what ever is available. It seemed they were pushing the fish they needed to get rid of. The menu was repetitive with spicy tuna, spicy salmon, spicy scallop and tempura everything.  How about adding a variety of fish and shell fish, they dont have oysters, no uni, no fun.
4	Finally made it in to Yama Sushi after years of driving by and reading the sign. We got their for dinner and was very surprised to see people waiting to get in! We put our name on the list for dinner for 2 and was seated in a few minutes and not the 15 minute wait that was estimated. The guy taking names was doing a pretty good job of getting people seated ASAP. The place was packed wall to wall with diners and probably many were from UNLV a few blocks away. We saw some guys having what looked like seafood poke and found out it is called seafood salad. We ordered one for each of us and liked it very much. I ordered UNI, but I don't know why it takes so long for it to be prepared, I am thinking it must be frozen since it's not something everyone eats or can stand to eat. My UNI order came probably 1/2 hour after I ordered it and it was just OK, not that fresh flavor I like. Other than that everything was really good and not overly sauced up. Tasty Goyzas, fried to perfection! Seaweed salad was good too. Hawaii roll was great and probably my favorite. I also ordered giant clam and they brought me over red snapper, but I don't care really. Overall great place, but too far from Henderson. Even so we will be back, it's probably our current #1 place for sushi. Many of the other Sushi places have lowered their standards and have lost us as diners.
5	I started coming to Yama Sushi back in 2004. When my wife and I started dining here, there was usually like 2 or 3 people there and is was quiet and very personal. Now there is consistently a line to get in. It is possibly the best AYCE place in town. The menu is huge but it does not need to be on the menu for you to order. You want something special just ask and they accommodate. All the appetizers are included and the beer is cheap. The service is STILL personable and exceptional even with it being crowded all the time. The food comes fast and most important is that everything is fresh. I have never ever smelled the fish when walking in to the restaurant. This place is a hole in the wall dive with no frills just awesome food and great friendly service. I keep trying a few new places closer to me but find that I continually compare them to Yama and no one meets the same standard.
5	I've been to Yama too many times to count now.  I've also searched high and low for sushi to rival the Man Whore or Wet Dream or No Name. Some have come close, but not quite.  For the all-you-can-eat price, it can't be beat.  The three mentioned rolls are chronic.Service is fine and exactly what you should expect. Especially when it's ONLY 20 bucks for AYCE.  Love love some Yama.
3	I went to Yama last week with friends to have 'all you can eat'. I'd like a lot for the price. One of my friends said the sushi was old, but for me it was fine! One thing that suck is that you can order ONE thing at a time (what is ok when sharing in a party of friends). Overall: decent all u can eat sushi for a moderate price. Service is average.
5	First time here today, heard good reviews from friends and of course yelp. It was just me and a friend around 1pm for AYCE and there was no wait at all. We were quickly seated and drinks were brought out and a waiter there to take our order. We literally just spoke out loud about what we wanted to try and he said half rolls were good for trying things out. in a jiffy, appetizers and some rolls were brought out. of course, being a huge harry potter fan, that had to be the first roll i tried. it wasn't much, but it was still delicious. Overall, my favorite roll was Dancing in the Sheets. I just love the panko breading sprinkled on top and the perfectly fried squid in the center of it. I've tried other sushi places off the strip and not many of them literally mean AYCE. Some will not include desserts, appetizers, drinks, but Yama did! eat your brains out people!
4	My friend suggested we go here for a AYCE lunch which she is a regular at. I usually go to Sushi Tachi in NLV which is $24, so I was saving $4 but driving super far. The biggest plus is a new, inexpensive sushi place close to the strip :) The staff was friendly, promptly sat us, refilled the waters quickly but it was hard to get the attention of the sushi chef to order. Best roll was the No Name Roll and the Double Dragon.  The rolls were large and good. They focus more on sauces and toppings than the fish. The only thing I did not like was the Halibut sushi, which was cut thick and chewy. The chocolate mochi were good too.
5	best freakin sushi in vegas! great service at a good price for all-you-can-eat. i reccomend to everyone
5	Yamaaaaaa is the best buffet in Vegas. Better than Wynn, Bellagio, better than anything on the stripppp!Every time I'm in Vegas (which mind you was A LOT), I go out of my way to find this little restaurant off of Flamingo. It's a spot for locals, not tourists, but I don't care. Amazing AYCE sushi at a reasonable price? Count me in! I live in LA and nothing even begins to come close in terms of quality and price. This place is legit. I hate waiting in lines but I'm willing to wait an hour and a half/two hours for a table. Sushi does take a while to make, so order appetizers to keep you busy. I carb load here before every Vegas Marathon and it does not disappoint. I took my friend here for the first time and he almost wept by how great it was (and I know it wasn't from the wasabi!).
5	Great bang for the buck.. all you can eat fresh sushi and yummy rolls for less than $25. What could be better than that?
4	I read the review about getting sick here but I haven't gotten ill.  When i in vegas for business I usually try to stop here a few times.  Been coming here for years and it's getting crowded. They now have these new rolls with silly names like Man Whore and Happy Ending. When they first introduced it I had an older waitress that asked with a heavy accent 'would you like to try man whore or happy ending" I almost did a spit take "EXCUSE ME??!!"  I like that there is a lot more than sushi on the AYCE menu like tempura (you can order shrimp only) but my favs are soft shell crab and hamachi kama - onolicious.  One dish I would never order again is the yakitori - it was nasty. I was expecting grilled pieces of skewered chicken but their Korean interpretation is baked flat pieces of chicken that they cut into little squares and stick them on a skewer with muchrooms, green onion and white onion and it is baked just a little more and brought out luke warm, drenched in teri sauce. Mushroom tasted more raw than cooked. UPDATE Aug 2011 I'm going to downgrade my review to a 3 soon.  Last 3 visits which have been at lunch or early dinner they have not had hamachi kama which is disappointing since I also brought others with me and told them about that dish. I can see them running out if late during dinner but 3 times in a row is more a sign of them cutting corners. Quality of some items are going downhill too like the uni and dried pre made unagi that was inda dry.
4	Loved the sushi.......hated the over an hour wait time after being told it would only be 20 to 30 min. We did the all you can eat at $22.95 for dinner. You can't get a better deal for sushi!
4	Best sushi and reasonable price for the "eat all you can sushi" deal.  Just didn't like the sushi chef we had that time.  We were sited in the sushi bar it seems that he is rushing us and yelling when we were ordering.  I will definitely go back there and bring some more business there.  Thanks!
3	I'm only basing my review on the AYCE special.  Yama is definitely one of the dankest buffets in Vegas, including Wynn and Wicked Spoon.  Coming from LA, I consider myself somewhat of a sushi elitist.  Although the quality of the fish here is mediocre, the prices here are unbeatable in Vegas.  The AYCE also includes all hot foods including teriyakis and tempuras.  The only drawback here is that the service is extremeley slow on busy days (which pretty much means every day).  Be sure to try their uni, albacore, and sweet shrimp (although the uni and sweet shrimp are only included ONCE in the AYCE).  With the benefits and drawbacks, I would rate this place a solid 3 star.PROTIP:  Be sure to try the seafood salad; a mixture of sashimi slices in ponzu sauce and sliced radish.
4	This place never disappoints!  We always make a stop here on our Vegas trips, and it's just a short cab ride from the strip.  Rule #1, come early because there's always a line (especially if you have a big party).Rule #2, order a lot on your first round because it's hard to get them to let you order more afterwards.Rule #3, eat fast so that they will clear your plates and keep them coming.  They don't make your other items if your table is still full of food for obvious reasons.All you can eat along with the great quality is hard to find.  They even have Uni and hamachi kama.  So come here and enjoy stuffing your face for less than 30 dollars out the door.
3	The price here was $23 for all you can eat sushi, which is a great deal...compared to sushimon which is nearly $30 for dinner. The selection is decent, but the fish is not as fresh and the rice is large and not really "sushi" rice. However, I did enjoy the seafood salad, which is a large bowl of sashimi limit one per person. The sushi chef Jun was very friendly.The only reason I rate it a 3 star is for the stingy service. I was working on my last 4 piece order when I asked for the check. The server refused to return my credit card until I finish all 4 pieces due to the "left over surcharge policy".
5	Visited this place back in September of 2010 and it was amazing. Maybe it was because I walked 2+ miles from the strip to get there. When I did it was 5pm and it was already pretty busy. I found a seat at the bar and starting chowing down.Now normally I can put away quite a bit, but today was amazing. Usually I start with just the nigiri to check the quality and so that I can really taste the fish. Then from there I'll move onto the rolls. But not here. The quality and freshness was so good that I stuck with the nigiri from my entire AYCE.In the end I walked away after 50 pieces of nigiri. No rolls. Hamachi, Maguro, Salmon, etc, all of it was good. Quality fish and quality rice. The service was efficient, too. I wouldn't say it was the friendliest, but what did I care? I was on a mission.After that trip, I now look forward to going here for every trip to Vegas. Well worth it!
2	We were visiting Las Vegas for the first time and wanted an AYCE sushi restaurant to go to one night. I searched the web (and Yelp!) and d died on Yama Sushi due to the write ups. We arrive on a Tuesday night about 7:00 to a full restaurant, but we were the next to be seated so there wasn't really a line. The food was good (not great)  and the server didn't really explain how the AYCE worked so we had to ask multiple questions to find out what I think should have been explained clearly on the menu - or by the wait staff. We were full when we left and the price was right .... I don't really have an issue with the quality of the food for the price.Here's the reason for the 2 stars. The table that we were given was just inside the front door - for 4 people. This table DOES NOT belong in this space and looked like it was placed there only to get more customers into the store. My wife's chair (and others in our party) was bumped many times as the other customers and the wait staff tried to manuever around her. This is absolutely unacceptable. The guy who seats you looked like he had better things to do than to be serving customers and his attitude showed clearly in the way he treated the customers. Anyway, foods good, but I hope Yama Sushi reads this and remives that 4 top table from the front door.
3	With all you can eat lunch for under twenty and dinner at twenty three, I can see why Yama is always jammed pack. Quick turnovers must be the business plan for this restaurant, because no table sat dirty for more than a minute. The speedy service and vast amounts of food is good enough reason for this restaurant to be constantly busy. My friend and I were greeted at the door and sat promptly upon entrance. Our drink orders were taken and delivered within minutes. It took a couple of minutes for our waitress to come introduce herself, but you need that time to look over their menu. When she did come around, she was helpful and gave good suggestions.We ordered the a bunch of rolls and they were all good, but drowning in sauce. Every roll on the list comes with some kind of dressing, and they do not go light here. In fact, everything on the menu comes with something on or on the side for dipping. The nigiri were enormous blocks of rice topped with an equally frightening slab of fish. I prefer my nigiri to be on the smaller side and will order more if I want. The overall taste was good, but I wonder how I would feel if I had the chance to taste the fish alone.
4	Once in a while I get an ultimate craving for all-you-can-eat sushi. I feel like it is sushi junk food and I basically try to order everything creamy, crunchy, and baked! During a recent trip to Vegas I met two of my best girlfriends at Yama Sushi to stuff our faces, and that we did! You just have to know that when you go to an all-you-can-eat sushi place it's not going to be the most amazing sushi there is, but this place wasn't actually bad. The best part was seeing my girlfriends again and the heart-warming conversations we had about what we have accomplished over the last several years. Time sure flies by! Photos on my blog...
5	Let me just say this- my first trip to Vegas we visited Yama Sushi TWICE, and my last trip we came as well. I can't get enough!!I'm from the Bay Area, CA and we have a lot of great Japanese restaurants out here, however in the middle of a desert is where I have had the best sushi. The All You Can Eat is no joke- I was expecting some cheaper, average rolls but the entire menu is up for grabs. The fish is so fresh it just melts in your mouth. I absolutely love the menu with the semi-dirty names! It was awesome getting extra rolls given to us by the sushi chefs alongside the amazing rolls and sushi we ordered. It was a great way to experience more fish I have not yet tried. Order the bean sprout salad- I HATE bean sprouts but I couldn't get enough! Come during lunch time when it isn't as busy. I'm telling you, if you don't come here, you're Vegas trip is not complete!!
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  When people want to have sushi, I always suggest Yama.  I like that it's close to where I live and central to most things.  But what I like the most is the fact that they have All You Can Eat reasonably priced, $25 or less, depending on lunch or dinner.  When one roll costs $9-$12, I'm going to get All You Can Eat.  Especially since that comes with all the appetizers, rolls, and desert you want.As I am typing this, I can see Cheree L.'s review about getting sick.  I'm sorry to hear this has happened to her, but it's never happened to me.  I've had nothing but great food and great service at Yama.
5	The AYCE sushi here is the best in Las Vegas. When I go there with a plus one, I usually leave feeling super full, happy, and out like $70 MAX. It is so incredibly worth it that you'll want to make plans for your next outing to Yama. Son of the Beach, the roll, rocks my socks. It's delicious. So delicious, even, that if you live far away, you need to drive there just for that. I do, and I'm a ways out. Not only that, but the place itself is cool, too. It's kinda cramped on the busier days, but it doesn't detract from it one bit. The waitresses were super nice, quick, friendly, and helpful when I asked my really lame questions. The sushi chefs were also super nice and friendly, and they provided a ton of suggestions when I told them what I was kinda looking for. Seriously, I'm hungry now just because of writing this review. I'll see you at Yama.
4	This place is too small & since they're one of the most popular sushi restaurants & conveniently located near The Strip, it's no wonder they're always busy & no longer take reservations. I've had a couple of bad experiences when I would go with my family or boyfriend & they would be too busy that they'd forget to bring in our last order. After countless times of refusing to order ice cream while we wait & reminding them about the last order, a couple of the waitresses told us it was our fault & warned us not to do it next time. Wtf? Whatever, star deducted for their poor service but I still effing love the sushi specials.
4	Never have been a fan of AYCE but this place changed my mind!  The choices of specialty rolls are amazing!  I went with a group of three people, and with a few beers and three AYCE sushis, our bill was only around 85 bucks.  And that even includes any and all appetizers, salads, typical rolls, specialty rolls AND dessert!  I was floored.The quality of the food and the service were spot on as well.  I had heard there is sometimes a long wait, but our group was seated right away at 6:45pm on a Saturday night, that's pretty good.  If you go later than this, expect a long wait.  But I can confirm,  it's totally worth it.Recommended rolls:  No Name was the BOMB, Yama Crunch was super tasty...they were by far my favorites.  I also enjoyed the Harry Potter and the Happy Ending.  The Firecracker was OK.  You can even order half rolls which I love!  Allows you to try so many things.  The seafood salad was fresh and lots of spice!  Edamame and tempura were as you would expect them to be, but nothing spectacular.  For dessert, try the mochi ice cream...soo good!  Chocolate and mango were my faves.Mmmm, craving sushi now.
3	It is with great sadness and a deep sense of loss that I must amend my previous rating of what was once the best sushi in all of Vegas. Once rated a 5 star, it now lies more around the 3 star range.  To be sure, the crowds are still lining up for a seat at this one-time fine establishment, but one wonders if the restaurant's popularity may have contributed to its current downfall.Since my last review of Yama, the place has certainly gotten a lot busier. But management has not responded well to the rush of new business. Here is a few things that have gone very wrong at Yama:* The fish is no longer fresh. Rather than cutting the fish from the filet as it is ordered, they pre-cut several hundreds of pieces at a time - and the quality of the fish has suffered immensely, with most pieces having a soft, slimy film covering them.* The place is way too crowded. Rather than focusing on a great dining experience, management has decided to try and cram as many people as possible along the bar and around the tables. Turnover seems to be the most important factor. If I didn't know any better, I would say they have added seats to accommodate more customers in the same sized space.* The chefs are rushing. It appears as though the place has completely abandoned the 'Art' of sushi in favor of speed and efficiency. They give little regard to the presentation and balance of the dishes. Far too many times I have been handed a plate that has way too much or way too little of something, like so much vinegar on the roll that the rice crumbles at the slightest touch.Be sure that these issues were not a factor for the many years I have enjoyed Yama - that is until recently. Hopefully there is still time to fix them. Don't get me wrong, I am happy for Yama's success - I just wish it was not at the expense of what made them great to begin with.
4	Ate at Yama sushi today. They were wonderful in accommodating our large party. I had their lunch AYCE. It was a little pricey for lunch, but they had sashimi (Seafood salad). It came with pieces of tuna, salmon, hamachi, and octopus + sauce on the side. Their rolls were pretty good. A little too saucey for my taste. Their "No Name" roll was good as well as the Man Whore and One Minute Man. I would definitely eat there again. It gets a little busy around noon so I would suggest going after 1 for lunch.
3	If you like lots of cream cheese and sauce this is the place for you. To be honest it was really difficult to taste the fish in any of these rolls. I have a preference for sashimi and traditional rolls without the silly names. The service was ok. I went for Lunch and this place gets really loud like a bar. This made it quite difficult for me to enjoy myself. I give it 3 stars because the rolls are decent but not the best.
5	i love yama sushi!!!! the all you can eat includes so much, from appetizers to soup to mochi ice cream!The quality of the sushi is very good given the price. They offer many creative and funnily named rolls. I recommend the no name roll and whose your daddy roll. I also love their seafood salad, its basically a sashimi salad topped with some shrimp tempura. However, be wary of their spicy grade, the two times I've ordered the seafood salad mild and found it too spicy to eat more than a few bites.When it gets busy, service can get really slow, however the fact that the waitresses have the foresight to incrementally send in your orders, anticipating that you will get too full and want to cancel part of your order, makes up for the spotty service. Putting up with slow service beats wasting (and paying for) lots of untouched sushi or eating until your stomach explodes
4	I may have found an all-you-can-eat sushi place that beats Midori in Los Angeles. For $23, you can stuff your face with every fish possible (no dolphin though, they learned their lesson from Blue Fin). PROS: GOOD FOOD1) Only $10 corkage fee. Bring a bottle of Sake from Lee's Liquor down the street, and enjoy some sake shots with your buddies.2) They have a private room type place that seats 8-10 people, so call ahead to reserve it; it's pretty cool. 3) THE FISH IS FRESH! You would think that the quality would be terrible for the all-you-can-eat price, but it was actually very, very fresh. My party of five devoured yellowtail, salmon, albacore, and spicy tuna sushi. They have great specialty rolls too; get the "no name roll", literally a party in your mouth. 4) Mochi ice cream is included in the deal, so take advantage! 5) Unlike other places, you can have people on your table opting out of the all-you-can-eat deal, and just buy a-la-carte. Convenient if someone's not too hungry! CONS: BAD SERVICE1) I ordered spicy scallop hand roll, and they brought me spicy (imitation) crab. I told them that it's the wrong order, and she insisted it was albacore. I tried it, called the waiter again, told her that it's definitely not scallop, so she took it back. Next came the manager with the same hand roll who told me that they apparently mix their scallop with their crab because they don't get a lot of scallop. So I tried to scavenge thru the roll to find some scallop, and I found NONE!!!!!! I get spicy scallop wherever I go, and they tried to lie to me! I told them there was no scallop in there and she tried persuading me that its somehow mixed in there.....what did they do, puree it?!2) My friend eats sushi a lot, and he asked for at least three special orders, and our waitress didn't know what the hell he was talking about. She proceeded to tell us that she is not Japanese, but Korean. And we asked her if she could ask the sushi chef if she knew these orders, and she said that the chefs are all Korean too. Why would anyone ever use that as an excuse to be uneducated about the food they're serving? Ridiculous. I feel like the complaints were strong enough for at most three stars, but with the price and the quality of the food, it's a great place to grab dinner before you hit the overpriced, crazy Vegas nightlife.
4	This is my roommate's favorite AYCE sushi in town, and I'm always happy with a good crunch roll. My friends adore the seafood salad and no-name roll.
5	BEST SUSHI PLACE in town!I brought my friends, my family, my boyfriend and we just want to come back all the time when we are going out!It is even funny one of the chef recognize me all the time when i am coming back which makes me feel appreciated!You will never be disappointed! The food is amazing (try the Wet Dreams), the waitresses are nice and the service is quick.Just be patient if there are a lot of customers waiting to be seated, it is worth it!!!I love to finish with the Mochi Ice Cream included on the AYCE!Now I am faithful to them and will never go anywhere else...Thank you to the team Yama Sushi!
2	Yelper Elnino F. and I came for noms and left disappointed. APPETIZERS-Soft Shell Crab- big, good and very crisp panko breading.Sashimi Salad- spicy and tangy. very generously big portion of mixed fish- mostly tuna, salmon thoughSaba- grilled saba was pretty decentROLLS- No Name- recommended and popular. I ordered a half and the guy gave me a whole roll. I wouldn't have minded if it was good, but it was sauce flavor and not much else. It had just one piece of tempura surrounded by too much rice,soy paper, thin slice of fish outside and a lot of sweet sauce, mayo and crunchies. There wasn't a marriage of flavor here with the ingredients- just sauce and rice. I dared to get no more rolls but tried a few pieces of Elnino's and the rolls were just about the sauce. All rolls are cali, spicy tuna, tempura based or mayo scallop and I was hoping for more fish based rolls. NIGIRI- Yellowtail- it was okay and not as fresh/flavorful as I hopedAlbacore- this was seriously fucking disgusting. It was mushy and fell apart in my mouth. WTF? I've had some mediocre pieces in AYCE but this fish was seriously mishandled in defrosting to get such a bad mouth feel.Mackerel-  This was fine and good so I ordered a bunch of this.Salmon- this was alright as far as salmon goes. Eel- good, but that's pretty standard eel from a package so how can you screw up?They slice the fish big, but the rice was also big. It wasn't proportional ratios of rice to fish on most orders.  I do not like that everything was presliced as that also affects the texture of fish if it isn't used right away. The rice was warm as it should, but too warm that some of the more delicate fish become warm with it and doesn't make for the optimal flavor or mouthfeel of what nigiri is- firm,cool fish marrying with a lightly warm, fluffy rice. Service was decent. The servers were on the refills of drinks and our server was nice and made suggestions at the beginning to let us know that's popular. We were checked on and asked several times if they can put any appetizer orders. The sushi men were busy but orders came out in a reasonable amount of time. A few things were forgotten, but probably good since the rice was filling and I was ordering like I would at any other joint. One thing that bothered me as we were sitting and waiting on our first order, I was talking to Elnino about my favorite sushi spot and the sushi guy chimed in how it  is no good and defended how theirs is way better. That bothered me as they weren't asked to be in the convo and most importantly it didn't deliver competitively on the freshness and fair rice ratio. I was thinking hard about the rating, but this is definitely a place I won't return to. The albacore was the worst I've ever had and I can't shake off how unappetizing it was to continue after that piece. I like to have variety but I was put off and stuck to mackerel as it was the only thing I knew was good. I had this on my "Must Try" based on some rave reviews from Yelper friends but I looked back and I see that most of those were from over a year ago. Something must have changed. Yes the price people keep talking about, but seriously $22.95 isn't really that much of a price discount from most $26.95 places that for the $4 are much better. This place was packed but it was mostly roll type people and college kids. There isn't a good AYCE nearby as competition either. I'm with Anna S.- don't believe the hype!
5	Love the innovative rolls!!! My favorites: Sun of the Beach and Happy Ending.  All you can eat and I will definitely eat here every time I'm in Vegas.  Just missed the line...
5	Wow, From the minute i sat down it was a great experience. I sat at the bar and it was busy. Love being greeted and asked if i want AYCE which they knew i did. The Chef introduced himself and while i was deciding on my first roll he was busy making me something. He handed me a plate with a roll called NO NAME. Its new to the menu and i suggest you try it. It was delicious. And in between me ordering rolls he was making concoctions for me to try. Im definitely impressed with the level of service and attention i received. From the server never letting my Lemonade get to the south end of the levy. To even though the Chefs were busy how my rolls kept coming in a timely manner. And i say Go when Jun is working, hes a master at the rolls in my eyes. And from the Appetizer i had Chicken Teriyaki i was so engulfed which trying new rolls i forgot i ordered it til it came out which was quickly as well. The other patrons are more than friendly as well when they are your bar neighbor. I had so many rolls but the No Name and The Harry Potter and the Wet Dream stood out to me. Sad that i went to UNLV for 4 years and drove by Yama everyday and never went in. Im kicking myself because it was YAMA YUMMY. They didnt go overboard on rice or sauce. My Wasabi and Ginger didnt come out right away but thats not enough to deter me. And try the Mochi Ice cream. I shall be back maybe soon as the next day lol.
2	Another mediocre sushi place.It was pretty crowded when we went, so we had to split into two parties to make seating easlier.Everything I had there was just... okay. I didn't really expect anything that great, since we were pretty far inland and in the Nevada desert.You da ma too! (spicy tuna w/ salmon and spicy mayo) - underwhelmingSalmon nigiri - not freshAlaskan salmon roll - pretty skimpyPoints for having unusual (sometimes suggestive) names for special rolls.
1	Worst customer service ever...It wasn't that busy. We ordered the all you can eat sushi...but they never came back to the table. They seemed very disorganized. One waiter took our order and then I guess he thought that it wasn't his table anymore. The manager finally helped us after we were there for an hour. They took our order for the next two plates and brought us the wrong food. Then after that they brought us the right food and we didn't eat the wrong order. The waiter said that we have to pay for the food that wasn't consumed even though they made a mistake. They brought us someone Else's bill with a credit card in it. We told him about his mistake and he brought the bill to the right customer. Finally we got our bill, we paid and was about to leave and one of the waiters got physical with us and told us that we must pay for another meal because we were wasting the food. So that is my story of the worst sushi experience that I've ever had. Stay away from this place.
5	No name & One Minute Man = heaven.
5	My friend and I drove across town to try this all you can eat sushi. The restaurant is small and very crowded. Waiting time for us on Friday night was 30 minutes. But I definitely will go back. the price is 24$ dinner buffet. I had seaweed salad for appetizer. highly recommend it. The Saba fish is OK, i had better. My absolute favorite dish was "no name" special roll. It has tempura inside and salmon on top with yam yam source wrapped with soy paper. Combination of crunchy and sweet and raw texture from salmon. So yummy.
3	This place was packed when I got there but good thing it was just me and my brother so we were seated at the bar quickly. But my chair scared the crap outta me. the chair was wobbly and i didn't want to lean back.Moving on, I liked the all the sushi we tried out but I felt really cramped for some reason. lol service was attentive and made sure my glass was always full. Mochi ice cream was awesome! And you're not limited to one order of ice cream :) I recommend this place, but do come before the dinner rush. Once I got outside there seemed to be around 20 people waiting to be seated.
5	Couldn't have asked for a better experience.  Bon was our chef and he was Amazing!  The all you can eat deal is the best... especially if you can put away the sushi.  Like most other reviews say, the place is small, busy and crowded.  That being said, we never waited more than a couple of minutes for the sushi we asked for.
4	I know it's unfair to rate a place by it's business, but when the plae can't run nicely when it's busy.. Then I think it's fair.I love Yama sushi! As far as rolls, it's my favorite AYCE sushi in the city, Kaya is second.I love their special rolls: strip tease and wet dream are my favorites.Also love the seafood salad which is raw fish slices in a spicy dressing.Their servers always seem annoyed which is fair.I only took the star off for their limited waiting area, not having something I wanted in stock, and for their disgruntled enployeees.Tip is to definitely go around opening for an early lunch! Less busy with little to no wait.Also a plus is their Desserts are all you can eat. At least my servers always give it to me.. Hmm I'll put the star back :]
3	This place is one of the smallest sushi places I've been to. It's nice and cozy though. Honestly, I didn't think it was all too special. For some reason, there was eel sauce drenched over every roll that I ordered even if there wasn't supposed to be any on there in the first place. The servers there were always there when we needed them. In fact, they were there when we didn't. It got to the point that we were getting pretty irritated because every 5 minutes a server would come over. I know that's what they're supposed to do especially when we had all you can eat but we weren't even done with our rolls and they would already be on their way to ask if we wanted more. The good thing about that was that our drinks were never half empty. Overall, it was an ok experience and I don't think I'll be returning soon unless I'm craving some sushi after school.
4	I know what you're thinking, strip mall all you can eat sushi in a land locked city, and not with a major namesake behind it...don't worry. I had that same feeling, and someone told me to just be a little carefree. Risk that ocean biological neuro-toxin, motor control is overrated anyways! Once you get beyond that initial hesitation and you come inside, you'll be glad you did. The prices are amazing, and unlike many (read almost all) all you can eat sushi joints, every roll is not on top of the artificial crab California roll...which is a great, great, great thing since artificial crab gets real old real quick and is such an over powering and pungent flavor that no matter what you put on top of it, if it's the third or later roll with a cali base, all you'll taste if fake crab.So based on my extensively perfectly researched and developed rating system Yama gets a solid 4 stars. The service is good, the quality is good, and I really like it. However, the ambiance is a little awkward with only Japanese paper walls separating dinning tables...hello overhearing of someone's medical problems...Other than that if you're near UNLV and have a BIG sushi craving, hit me up and let's pig out!
4	Wow, I'm excited to find a really good sushi place on the Eastside. It's so convenient. Word to the wise: this place is tiny, tucked into a corner of a strip mall next to Albertson's. If you aren't looking close, you will miss it!I was on a mission yesterday to get sushi because I was out on a date with a guy who had never had it before. WHAA? Yes, you heard me right, this boy had never had sushi before. CAH-RAY-ZEE. I was determined to get him on the sushi boat.Originally thought about going to Goyemon, but then realized they wouldn't be open, so I picked this place randomly instead. Like I said, it's small, but it's packed. When I walked in I was hit by a bunch of people (literally!). At least I instantly knew it was popular - always a good sign. Even though it was busy we were sat pretty quickly. Our table was wobbly. I think that's my only complaint. I really wanted to ask for a sugar packet to stuff under the table (something I used to do as a server all the time).Unfortunately for this review I can only say we had two rolls and an order of edammame. We got the "Kick The Ass" and a California Roll. Don't even fault me for getting the California Roll... I was trying to ease the date into the experience. He liked the California Roll, but was not a fan of the Kick The Ass. However, I loved the Kick The Ass and the edammame was plentiful and very well cooked.I definitely want to go back here, they have rolls that looked really good, but I just did not get a chance to eat. Next time, next time!
3	Rice was not sushi rice, not a huge selection of rolls.  The cuts of fish were very generous which I did like, but the rice killed the thrill of the nigiri.  23 bucks for dinner is a good price but for 4 bucks more I would rather go elsewhere.  Small, but clean, and quick service took it from two stars to 3.  Very friendly staff and attentive, could see issues if going at a prime time hour due to size of restaraunt.
3	All-you-can-eat sushi for $23.95.  "Cozy" AKA cramped environment inside. Service a bit slow because it was so crowded. The No Name roll is the best!!  The Mochi ice cream for dessert is highly recommended and delicious!!
5	Yama is one of my favorite sushi place ever! Wish they had it in the Bayarea . Its cheap for a sushi buffet & they make it when u order it so its always fresh. Unlike the other sushi buffets where the sushi sits there for hours. Every time I go to Vegas I always hit up Yama.  I recommend the Wet Dream it literally melts in your mouth. Its hard to enjoy other sushi restaurants since I've eaten here. Best sushi ever!
5	It's pretty cheap for all you can eat sushi for lunch and dinner ($21 lunch, 24 dinner) The rolls were really good, and the fish (esp the white tuna) was SUPER soft and didn't have that day-old fish taste. The fish was pretty darn fresh. The desserts were delicious too!The restaurant itself was really small and you feel pretty snug sitting inside, but the taste was great!
5	Upgraded to 5 stars. I love me some Yama Sushi. This time I went a la solo without my boyfriend. Although it was fun getting him to eat sushi for the first time EVER I got to pick exactly what I wanted this go round without having to worry about a newbie. :)I showed up at 11:45 AM this morning (they open at 11:30 AM) and I personally believe this must be the perfect time to hit up this place. It was already kind of busy, but definitely not packed. However I was seated quickly. Their service is phenomenal and the staff is so sweet. Here's what I got (I kinda went a little traditional this afternoon): Miso Soup, Cucumber Salad, Spicy Tuna Roll, and one order of Shrimp Sashimi. Everything was perfect. The soup and cucumber salad were refreshing and a nice counter to each other. And my roll was delightful, everything I want a spicy tuna roll to be. Lastly, the shrimp sashimi was very fresh and tasted perfect.I love this spot so much now. It's so close to where I live. This may be bad because I crave sushi ALL the time. :)
5	Chalk up another five-star review. Great recipes, fresh ingredients. and service is actually pretty fast even when it's packed. You only really need to order 3 items to make the buffet worth it over the regular menu, so it's always a good deal. Probably would recommend going way early if you can for the lunch price since it does get so crowded. I can't remember everything I tried, but the seafood salad had a yummy variety of sashimi, and most of the rolls are excellent!
5	Yama Sushi is my favorite sushi joint until I can find better. Most of the specials are tasty and the nigiri is good. My faves are man whore, sun of the beach, and something else with crunchy eel. Their seafood salad is excellent I could just drink up the sauce haha. Gyoza is good, yakitori is good, mussels are okay. I thought both the soft shelled crab and deep fried mussels were tasteless. I think the worst item they serve is the BBQ Beef. It is thin beef shortrib that is super chewy and rubbery and tastes like salty garlic. I hope they improve on it - at least grill it.I appreciate the excellent customer service no matter how busy it gets. An even better fact is that you can have as much ice creamand mochi ice cream as you want.
4	Wow!  This place is the SHIT!  I found this place thanks to yelp and my desire to check out some local food with some local prices.  I did a sushi search and this one was up on top with other expensive places.  I wasn't aware that it was all you can eat until I drove past the store front.  I thought it was a gimmick (because EVERY other sushi place only has a handful of lame things for all you can eat) but I was blown away when EVERYTHING on the damn menu is all you can eat.  I had the seafood salad, the bomb.  Wow.  Lots of flavors and good portion.  The no name roll was pretty bomb also.  Everything I ate was impressive.  I really liked this place.  The service was excellent and I really didn't have any complaints.  Even their house sake was pretty good.  Next time I come here, I am going to bring my peeps.They should have another special like $25 all you can drink....
5	Been coming here for the last 6 years!  Fantastic sushi for AYCE and price.  Over the years, it's popularity has increased dramatically so it's best to arrive early for dinner....1-2 hour waits are the norm some evenings!  The mochi, red bean ice cream, and green tea ice cream are all delicious so leave room for them.  Yamasushi is no longer a secret.  I only wish they would open a second location on the west or northwest sides!
4	Service deserves 5 stars. We went at 11:40 and they were already busy but with 5 of us getting all u can eat, we were out in an hour. 4 different women refilling drinks and taking plates. Food was excellent. Sushi tastes fresh. Just small place and nothing fancy but overall great experience. We will be back.
5	Apparently, this place is soo good that I had to come back less than a week later. (Actually, a bunch of friends were meeting up somewhat spontaneously and so I gleefully tagged along...)I definitely wanted to get a little more of my money's worth out of the buffet this time. Thankfully, I had also a little more time to plot my strategy since I wasn't running so late. I definitely wanted to get some variety in,. so I started again with the Seafood Salad, which is basically the closest thing to all you can eat sashimi (as long as you don't mind the "medium" level of spiciness). Then I picked up the I Love Salmon so I could enjoy... well, salmon. It had cream cheese inside, plus more salmon and avocado on top. Nothing extremely fancy.I also nicked a few things from others' orders, including the creamy Man Whore, a yummy salmon skin roll, and an EXCELLENT piece of the Wet Dream. It's a warm, gooey explosion in your mouth! (no innuendo intended, ahem...)The Double Dragon that came next was the only one that I ate all by myself, which I guess I owed to everybody getting pretty full by then. It was a very delicious and sweet unagi (eel) roll, and I definitely could've ordered a second one, but I had to save room for the Yama Crunch to cap off the meal. It's crunchy shrimp tempura and crab meat, probably a piece of cucumber too, and it's clearly the most solid roll all around. Heck, they gave it the same name as the restaurant, so it's gotta be good. I ate most of the pieces, but I passed the last tail piece off to a friend who also really loves the Yama Crunch (and also because I was starting to reach the fringes of "nauseatingly full").I can't say I've experienced much of the competition, but this is probably some of the best all you can eat sushi out there, period. I think I'd be really hard-pressed to find better.
5	Best in Vegas hands down.
5	Wet Dream! Sun of the Beach! Harry Potter! Firecracker!  What am I talking about?  Sushi! Duh!  Small spot just past the Las Vegas strip.  A friend of friend who lives out in Vegas took us out to this place.  We had soo much sushi!  All you can eat (dinner=23.95) and a Sapporo.  The service is awesome and our waiter, Stephen was hilarious!  They were super nice and super quick with our food.  For dessert we munched on chocolate & strawberry mochi ice cream and red bean ice cream.  BOMB DIGGITY!!!!  Ever in Vegas?  Hit this place up for a nice meal before you the strip.
5	OMG this place is AMAZING!!!!! Great deal...$23 all you can eat some good fresh amazing sushi?? YES PLEASE!! go here people!!! i am very picky about where i eat sushi...and ive had bad experiences with it so i know how the fish is supposed to taste, and i know the texture its supposed to be...this place is legit!! cant wait to go back to vegas to eat here lol
2	I'm giving 2 stars because the wait staff was quite incompetent which ruined the dining experience.  The wait staff insisted that they take our order by memory (we had the all you can eat option).  Of course, only parts of our order would arrive everytime because the waiter inevitably forgot our fairly lengthy order.Overall, food was pretty good.
5	First off i have to say, i was never really into raw fish; my sushi included california. Thats all.After coming to this place I've try many different kinds of fish and other sea creatures! which all were very DEEEELLLISHHH! All you can eat is Very cheap! Wait time can sometimes be long but well worth the price of how great the food is! also sakebombs are not badly priced. I normally spend about $50-60 dollars here on sundays nights. We got in about 10 3/4th sized sake bombs!Pretty good / strong buzz! The rice in our stomach kept us from being TOO drunk! We plan on going to this place every other Sunday or at least once a month!Very good place to go!
4	I'm not the biggest fan of sushi, it's a texture thing with the nori but I would definitely go back to Yama Sushi. I've been to plenty of places with BOGO specials on rolls but a buffet for the entire menu now that's a great sushi place. My friends pigged out on all the rolls but I had some wonderful tempura, ribs, salmon, soup, and yes I even had 2 rolls that were great. The place is small and has a steady stream of customers. It's off the strip but well worth the taxi ride. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. We could barely walk out of there and should have walked back to the strip we were so full. My next trip to Vegas will definitely include a trip to Yama Sushi, it's the best deal in town.
5	After finally hearing all the great things my friend Gina raves about at Yama, I decided to join her and a few other friends for a late night dinner date at Yama sushi. I'm so mad that it took me so long to finally come here. Although there was a 30 minute wait at 10 pm on a Friday night and we still had to sit at the sushi bar, it was worth the wait!!! I have to say I was overwhelmed a bit with all the hustle and bustle of the place because it is such a small restaurant that it took me a while to calm down and soak in the chaos and choose what I wanted to eat. First off I usually don't order AYCE because most places are so expensive and I usually don't eat more than 2 rolls but here the price is such a steal at ~ $22 that I couldn't pass it up. I think between the 5 of us we must have ordered everything off the menu and literally everything was ammmaazzziinnggg!!! Here is my top choices. -Palm job.....I ordered 2 because they were sooo good. The second one I added asparagus to. -Green mussels....awesome!!! I'm not sure what sauce it is topped with but it was melt in your mouth to die for. -Seafood salad and seaweed salad delicious -Wet Dream, Son on the Beach roll (i think that's the name)....Honestly they ordered so many rolls that I ended up just trying everyone elses that I didn't even order my own, but everything I tried was awesome and like I said I think we ended up trying all the rolls. LOL Everything is soo fresh and the sushi chefs graciously make sample plates of their favorite sushi creations for you to try throughout your dining experience A+++++ :D To end the night I tried chocolate and vanilla mochi ( i really wanted the mango but they were out) and the red bean and plum ice cream. The plum was super yummy and so was the mochi!! On a side note my 4 friends all did a quail egg shot (not for me thanks) but since it was all their first time they each had a different reaction but were pleasantly surprised that they were not grossed out instead they said it tasted good. -I can't wait to go back!!!!!!
5	I will never forget this place because it was the place that changed my mind about sushi.I used to "hate sushi." Not anymore, my friends! I still don't like sashimi as much, but raw fish with cream cheese and eel sauce on top? MORE PLEASE!!!!My friends and I stumbled upon this place one pre-clubbing night in Vegas and we make it a point to visit here everytime we're in Vegas -it's a must on our list.The food is delicious @ really great AYCE prices. Seriously, NOTHING is bad here. From the salad to the soup to everything, it's just absolutely delicious. Sometimes I get the urge to move here just so I can come here more often.The service is perfect. It's really cozy and small- usually there's a wait. And the names of their dishes are Vegas-appropriate and unforgettable. I hope to be visiting this sushi joint for many years to come. :)
5	My homie was all hatin when I brought him here cuz he's a big representative of sumo sushi and he hasnt been here in 3yrs. Told that fool he's been missin out on some good sh*t.  Every sushi comes out warm and melts in ur mouth. And damn, no name sushi is a sushi that screams out f*ck every other sushi cuz I'm the best!Skip ordering individual sashimi and go straight to the spicy seafood salad. Trust me, you'll thank me later by taking me out here, your treat.This place is so good even Amish people were effing in line, no lie! Come early as hell though cuz this place gets more packed than yo filipino momma packing random stuff in cardboard boxes to send to Philippines.And oh, get the red bean ice cream for dessert.
4	I like this place because of the consistancy of food quality, but the wait is long after dinner service has started. I have not tried other places for AYCE sushi, but have read a lot of reveiws about them, like Sushie Zen, Sushi Loca, Sushi Wow, Sage Sushi and others. I think if you are going to say "the best I have had" then say what you have tried and then compare, that would be most helpful in writing reviews for others to consider. I would love to try other AYCE sushi places, if you have eaten here and tried other places and liked it better than Yama sushi, I would for sure go try it out. :)
3	Hmmm. Almost 300 reviews on this place and the reviews seem to be fairly consistent 4 and 5 star reviews. Which leads me to believe that either I ate here on an 'off' night, or else there are alot of people out there who have never eaten really good sushi.This is apparently a local spot. Located only 5 minutes from the The Strip, but in a nondescript strip mall that you would never think to look in, unless you were coming here. Must have waited for a good 20 minutes to get in the door; there was a long line of people at 8pm on a Friday night.Very low-key, casual environment. No interior design to speak of. You are coming here for the prices. They have a $23 all-you-can-eat dinner special that some friends recommended, so we went with it.In terms of selection, Yama Sushi has that in abundance. At least 25 specialty rolls, and then all of your typical rolls and sushi, etc.My issue with this place isn't that it's actually bad - it's not. It's just not particularly good either. The rice was soggy and sticky. The fish portions are really tiny. And the taste of the fish gets easily drowned out by the soggy, sticky rice. The edamame was actually bad. Miso soup was blah. And honestly, $23/each comes out to over $50/couple which, I've been to  many mid-range sushi places with comparable prices that offered better food, if not the selection that Yama Sushi offers.The service was also sub-par. Many items were ordered that never came out of the kitchen. Had to request a tea refill four times before the refill came. When we were wrapping up our meal, the server essentially made it clear that it was now time for us to leave.For my money, I would find somewhere else. And you can trust me; I'm an Elite. ;)
1	The people who work here are completely incompetent. They managed to overcharge our bill by $500. Then act like it was no big deal. The service is AWFUL. Will never go there again.
4	It's always hard to pick a sushi restaurant in an unfamiliar city. Thank you Yelp again! Yama Sushi is just as advertised in the reviews. Great sushi. Very reasonable prices. Just realize this is not fine dining--more of a sushi cafeteria. But, if you are looking for great sushi for a reasonable price just off the Strip Yama Sushi is your place!
4	AYCE sushi is probably the one of the best inventions of the 20th century and beyond.  It calls to our most basic needs of food, wanting it to be good food and wanting it to be a lot of food (even if your definition of a lot is different than mine).  Ok, so about my experience, I haven't been to this place in like 4 years.  So when I walked up and the doors were tinted pitch black I didn't know if the place was open or closed, haha.  Of course they were open and behind those doors was a busy restaurant, small but busy.  It was a cool vibe and there was good music playing and ESPN on the TV, all pluses in my book.  I ended up sitting at the bar, a great choice because you order your sushi striaght from the sushi chef!!!  This really cuts down on wait time and it is super convenient.  The food came out fast and fresh and it did not dissappoint.  I had my favorites; Sweet Shrimp, Giant Clam, Cajun Albacore and Baked Green Mussels on top of some great specialty rolls.  I gotta say, I have been missing out; I remembered that I liked the place and I always remembered it was there but I truly forgot how good it really was.  I also have to say that the service was on point.  I didn't have to wait on anythng really.  It was a GREAT EXPERIENCE!!!  I am making myself hungry just thinking about it, haha, I might have to hit it up right now!!!!
5	I love this place!!!!! The rolls are fabulous and the appetizers are to die for. I always get the short ribs and seriously we go to town on the appetizer last time we order 12 orders for 5 people! Service is good only down side is there always so many people the place is packed all day all night so wait time could be anywhere 15 min to 60 min. But damn I'll wait!!!!!
2	Bleh what a disappointment on my return visit 6 months later!  FIrst of all - the all you can eat deal used to include the Uni, and Toro, as well as a few other special items - now - you can order only 1 per person.  Secondly - when I was there on Tuesday Sept 6th - they were out of everything! No toro, no uni, no whole hamachi.  What a waste of a meal!  It was not worth it without these items... I feel deceived! I will not return.
4	We've been here several times, and I can only complain about two things: 1) This place is literally like a hole in the wall, and it can get pretty cramped on the weekends. This also causes a very long wait for a table, so make sure you call ahead of time on Friday/Saturday nights. 2) They got our orders wrong on two separate occasions, mainly because the place was packed.Other than those two factors, I LOVE THIS PLACE! Good quality sushi for a great price! If you love AYCE sushi, this is the place for you. $26 for AYCE sushi, including appetizers, entrees, AND desserts! (By the way, the chocolate Mochi is amazing!)The location is pretty good, about 10 minutes from the strip. Overall, this place has good customer service, good value, great food, and a small, but clean, environment. Definitely the place to go for less expensive AYCE on the East side!
5	My first place trying sushi was at Yama Sushi. I LOVED it!!! It is now one of my favorite spots. Yummy!
4	Ran a train on these rolls, cuz it was ALL YOU CAN EAT!I decided to give this place a go, since I wasn't in the mood to shell out 50 bucks for a hotel mediocre buffet on the strip. Since I had a car, we decided to venture off strip to find some good eats. The group decided on Yama Sushi. We showed up around 7:00 pm on a Saturday night. There was a line out the door and a 1 hour wait. By the time we sat down, I was already gnawing on my arm. I was ready to pig out. I looked around for the buffet station and saw none. It turns out, you have to order the items individually. Son-of-B... I thought the food was going to take another 30 minutes to prepare, so I was apologizing to my hungry friends. However, within 2 minutes of ordering, our food already started to come out. We must of tried at least 16 rolls, 8 types of sushi, 10 different appetizers and all of the mochi ice cream. I actually don't remember what I ate, since there was just a blur of hands going from the table to my mouth. Everything that we had was delicious, with the expectation of the edamame and yakitori (chicken skewers). The place is really cramped, crowded, and dimly lit. It's also not that expensive. A little about my credentials:I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italia n Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of pastas and dishes. I never became a professional chef, but 8 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I continue to enjoy & love food.
5	Freaking A. I just can't help singing the praises of this place. I stopped in here for lunch this afternoon. It was seriously packed, but I managed to only have to wait for about 5 minutes before I was seated in a back table.I was asked quickly for my drink order, and while waiting for my water to arrive at my table, I was asked again if my drink order had been taken. Incredibly awesome service. Today I got the miso soup and cucumber salad (again). Yes, I love miso soup and cucumber salad and Yama's is just perfect. I also ordered the 007 Roll. Everything was fresh, everything tasted delicious. I was in and out in about 30 minutes. Perfect. Thank you Yama Sushi for giving me wonderous sushi experiences.
5	Went here with a fried from out of town. We had to wait a while (20-25 mins) but it was worth it! The all-you-can-eat menu has so many choices and it all comes with all-you-can-eat apps and dessert. We will definitely be back!
5	Great place! Not the best part of Vegas, but not the worst either. Service was very good, attentive and friendly. For an AYCE sushi, food quality was way better than average. We had to wait about 15 minutes for a seat at the bar (4 of us), but I think we got lucky because when we left, there were quite a few people waiting. I will be back again.
4	We saw the reviews on Yelp, thanks fellow yelpers, we got lucky on Friday @ 8pm and hit a lull with only a 20 min wait...while we sat the mobs arrived and by the time we were seated at the sushi bar the wait had ballooned to 45 min. Lots of beautiful rolls, make sure to have the 'unknown roll special #24' (one of the items you are allowed to only order ONE of from the all-you-can-eat menu.) This place swarms, half a dozen sushi chefs somehow deftly work behind the glass sushi displays, another half dozen waiters reconnoiter the narrow-as-you-can-get aisles in a restaurant about the size of your average living room. If you're claustrophobic you might take a pass on this place. The fish slices were generous and fresh; waiters failed to notice empty tea/water glasses but quickly took care of it if waived down. The sweet shrimp (raw shrimp + deep fried shrimp head - another "you can only have one" item) was just ok as the shrimp had been fried significantly earlier. You can order ala carte, or get the AYCE for $23.95. After tax, tip and any drink besides water you'll be over the $30/person $$ rating here. I'd go back here, yep a fan. Glad to find good reasonably priced sushi in Vegas. btw...the line was still well out the door by the time we left @ 9:30!
5	In Vegas for a few days and stopped in here for lunch because of fellow Yelpers reviews.  OMG the best service and food.  Packed and yet the wait was not too long.  The food was fresh, clean and amazingly delicious.  I'd go so far to say that this place is my favorite sushi joint to date.  I wish it was in L.A.
5	I love sushi, I eat it every chance I get.  Yama Sushi has the best sushi I ever had.  What else can be said?
5	This is some of the best sushi I have ever had! The spicy seafood salad is the BEST!!! A MUST TRY!!! We live in the middle of nowhere and drive 100miles to eat good sushi here! Other good rolls include Harry Potter, Man Whore, Son of a Beach, and Tiger roll.
3	The food was really good at this restaurant, and reasonably priced, but OMG, the table LOCATION was awful. This seems a silly thing to get worked up about, but the table was crammed up against a "private" party room with windows. My chair stuck halfway out into the entrance of the party room, so when a party of 15 came, I had more ass in my face than if I'd been at a strip club. Each time someone entered or left I had to move my chair for them. Honestly, though, I just about screamed when a man's rather large ass bumped into my face as he tried to move around people. Seriously, how can you enjoy sushi with a faceful of buttocks? I wouldn't mind going again sometime if I'm in the area, but I'll just sit and wait thank you very much, until a better table opens.
5	8.14.11: This place is the ish. I liked every order that I had. You must check out their seafood Salad. The dressing was different and amazingly good. We also ordered the "who's your daddy roll" , a bunch of sushi pieces like the yellowtail, salmon, tuna, garlic tuna, and hand rolls like the spicy tuna. There was nothing fishy about their food and their service was Great. Our server Isha was so nice and attentive. She was actually the one who gave so many great recommendations. I really enjoyed my meal and I don't say that alot especially when its AYCE.  It was suprisingly good and the portions were very friendly. So eat up and try to hit up this spot. 20.95 for lunch and 23.95 for dinner. Worth the stop!
1	Never ever go this place!!!The service was very bad. We're 7people so they already include tip.But their service was very bad and slow and even rude.They forgot about our order but they did not even say sorry.They need to train servers well.
5	Love this place...$23.99 AYCE is amazing. They let you pick from anything on the menu. Quality is excellent for an AYCE. Everytime I visit Las Vegas Yama Sushi is a must! They are always super busy at dinner. A little tip is sit at the sushi bar for the best sevice. The waitresses are always slammed with tables and this way the Sushi Chef really gives you personalized service.
4	Went to Vegas for the weekend, drove around the strip looking for a good sushi place...saw this restaurant in a strip mall, hoping the sushi was better than the restaurant looked. It was 3:00 on a Saturday and the place was packed, which instilled confidence. We were seated immediately and had our first roll within 10 minutes. Hubby had all you can eat, I had the KAI roll...LOVED it! Great service, awesome sushi.
3	Some of the most annoying ppl in the world are apple iphone users that take hipstamatic pictures. Lame.I  ordered the vegas roll, sun of the beach and no name. Also, for dessert, I murdered the green tea ice cream, mango mochi ice cream and red plum ice cream. Yeah, I ate all that in one setting because I'm a beast. 5'7 and 145 pounds of sexy.The food was good, service was great, but there are some bourgy people around... It is near UNLV.I wanted to eat PHO. Ionno, smashburger is overrated.Anyways, imma go workout. Yama was better than Passion of the christ but not better than Lethal Weapom 4.
5	Be warned, this place is busier than a church on Christmas.  A whore house on New Years.  A VD clinic on the day after Valentine's Day... It doesn't matter.  The service is pretty spot on.  If you order half rolls (4 pieces), 4 types at a time, you can constantly have food on your table.  I totally fell is love with a few of these rolls.  The firecracker and the 'one minute man' are the best.  The 'snow in Vegas' is pretty legit too.  It was a little disheartening to find out that the Sapporros are $6.50 a pop.  We had two, in addition to the sodas, so that's a nice surprise when the bill comes.  Other than that, the $50 for all you can eat goodness is worth the price... and the wait.
5	Best Sushi in town...All you can eat for 20 bucks is the best deal u can ever find..and that includes almost everything in the menu not just sushi.My record : 48 pieceCan you beat that?
5	I was introduced to this place by my cousin, and man was it good and all-you-could-eat.  Everything I had was tasty.  I highly recommend the sashimi salad (or whatever it was called, it is raw fish salad) with spicy sauce.  Wow.  I want to come here everyday.  The only con I have, but not to ding it a star, is it gets crowded, so get there early!
3	I really wanted to like this place, but it just didn't wow me.  It was ok.  I would come here again if I was on the east side of town, but it certainly isn't a place I would shout about from the top of a mountain (kudos if you got the Ron Burgundy reference).I came here with a party of 10 at 8:00 on a Saturday night.  They were able to seat us within 10 minutes, which pleasantly surprised me.  The servers were very attentive and friendly.  Their promptness was a definite plus for me.Now let's talk sushi.  I got the all you can eat, which is only $23.95 and basically pays for itself if you order two rolls.  Nice price, and the AYCE includes appetizers and desserts, which was also surprising to me.  However, if you do not get the AYCE, you will be very dismayed by some of the a la carte selections and pricing.  For example, seaweed salad is $4.00, but it comes in a bowl about the size of a soy sauce holder.  Also, mochi ice cream is $3.00 for two tiny pieces!For nigiri sushi, I sampled red snapper, scallop, and halibut.  Red snapper is usually my most favorite because there is usually a citrusy sauce they put on it, but alas, this red snapper was bone dry...and a little too warm for my  liking.  In fact, I felt like all of the nigiri could have been a little cooler.For rolls, I tried the caterpillar, double salmon, deep fried mussels, and son of the beach.  I was a little disappointed with the rolls because the caterpillar and double salmon were extremely dry, and the deep fried mussels and son of the beach were way overly sauced.  There is no middle ground at Yama.  However, another plus to this place is that you can order half rolls to try and see if you will like them.Like I said...it was OK and I would give them a try again.
4	I'm from the east coast where there's not such thing as all you can eat sushi so I was ecstatic to go to this place. I went on a Friday night and there was a 50 minute wait to get seated. They do not take reservations so I could not have called in advance.When we finally got seated, the ordering began. Our waiter was very helpful and knowledgeable about the menu. I quickly ordered all the rolls I've scoped down on the internet based on reviews here. The rolls looked delectable and the taste was good for the first few bites. After I wharfed down a roll though, the fun wore off and I realized the sushi was good but not THAT good. What I did not like was every roll was drizzled with a sweet mayonnaise or eel sauce. There was hardly a roll we ordered that did not contain some form of cloying rich sauce. For our final roll (as we were reaching our intake limit), we asked our waiter if there was a roll that was lighter and not drenched in sauces. He recommended the happy ending roll. This was a light salmon roll topped with sliced lemons and scallions..pretty light and refreshing.There were plenty of other options on the all you can eat menu other than sushi. One dish I thoroughly enjoyed and got seconds and thirds of were the green shell mussels. I forgot what it was called but there were only 2 mussel dishes and one was battered. I'm talking about the non-battered cheaper mussel item. The desserts were also very good. I especially recommend the red bean ice cream!I'm giving this place 4 stars because I'm sure there are better all you can eat sushi places out there that do not load their rolls with so much sauce, I couldn't even taste the fish in the rolls anymore.
5	I visited Yama Sushi for the first time on Saturday, with a group. This place is SUPER busy- there was a line out the door from the time I arrived until the time I left.  It is very small and cozy, but certainly bustling.  We tried a variety of dishes, both rolls, sashimi, even Korean BBQ and everything was fresh and delicious.  I especially enjoyed the Wet Dream roll, but I don't think there was anything I didn't like.  Service was quick and efficient and the food just kept coming! It was a great value, as well- $23.95 for all you can eat sushi? Unbelievable!  I will definitely return-it is worth the wait.
5	Sushi Heaven....did the all you can eat, I don't know how this place stays in business.  No Name, Harry Potter, Wet Dream were very fresh and very good.  I tried many others and they all were very fresh and good, but these three stood out to me.  Love the seafood salad, and the red bean ice cream was spot on.
4	Oh my goodness, AYCA Sushi for $20.95 (2 hours) is a heck of a deal and a lot of other people seemed to have realized that as well. This place was crowded and fast paced. As we arrived on a Saturday afternoon there were about 10 people outside of the restaurant waiting to be seated. We actually got a mini table for 2 right next to the door,  crammed in a corner, right away. This was definitely interesting. Nonetheless, the servers were quick on their toes and our water cups were full during our entire visit. Quality of Sushi wasn't bad. I really liked it actually. The only thing that bothered me a little bit was the big cuts of fish on the Nigiris, and the big chunk of rice under the fish. I had a hard time chewing and swallowing those, other than that, the sushi cuts were really good.
5	I think that this is the best AYCE in the valley.  I used to be a Sushi Mon fan but I changed that after I went here.  It is best to seat on a table... Not the bar.  It gets very busy.  Very busy.  Sometimes, a little too busy.
5	Best all you can eat sushi place I have been to in Vegas! The best part is it is all you can eat everything on the menu, appetizers, teriyaki, sushi, special rolls, and dessert for a low price. If everyone at the table gets all you can eat then you can share. Great flavors, always fresh. I wouldn't recommend sitting at the bar, you surprisingly have slower service when you do.
5	For the price, you can't ask for a better all you can eat sushi. It is small, and nondescript on the outside, but has a pleasant and busy atmosphere on the inside.  I am so glad I have people close to me in Las Vegas introduced me to Yama, and I am so glad they did! Despite the crowd, I prefer to sit at the bar and watch the chefs at work while I eat. Some of the chefs are more generous with the fish than others. If Yunge is there, he is my personal favorite. He often will make off-the-menu sushi and occasionally sashimi, and will let us try. Some of these items later appear on the menu.I recommend trying (among other things) the spicy seafood salad, the salmon kama, the no name roll, and the plum ice cream. Remember that basically anything on the menu, with rare exception, is included in the all you can eat menu. Be adventurous! If you think you might like it, try it!
4	Overly crowded like other reviewers have said. We were seated promptly anyway and the food came even quicker. Everything we ordered was good. I'd definitely go back and recommend this place as well.
2	First off, I don't appreciate how every person in the staff except the host has an attitude. I mean these people looked as if they were upset to work today. Besides the rude staff, this restaurant is small. Very tiny! It get crowded very easy and then you're stuck numbing elbows and unwantingly eavesdropping on other peoples convos.The food was ok! Some of the cooked sushi rolls were over cooked and basically burnt. One of the people in my party even found black hair in her food and they acted as if she planted it there and she's a blonde!!Overall, the all u can eat specials are cheap and a portion of the food is good, but, after this experience I will never eat here again! Yuck!
1	Did 2 people AYCE lunch. Very crowded, bumping elbows at the bar, no room. Burnt ManWhore Roll.Burnt Salmon Skin Roll.Rude service from sushi chef and wait staff. HAIR in my wasabi ..... Showed the staff and chef and no reaction.
5	My favorite ! The end
3	I've been here a couple of times and have enjoyed both the food and ambience.  The sushi is pretty decent, nothing "wow," but fair for a joint so close to the university.  I like the high energy of the place: it's pretty small, but Yama packs in a lot of people into that small space....like sardines, one may say.  On my last visit, my friends and I ordered the Manwhore, the spicy salmon roll (forget the name), chicken teriyaki, and a few maki rolls.  All were served fairly quickly and the rolls looked fairly fresh, not too much rice and a decent amount of fish.  The AYCE deal is probably a great one for those with bottomless pits for stomachs.  I'd love to do that, but alas!, I have a limited capacity in my tummy.  A solid place for one's sushi craving.
5	Short and to the point.Every sushi joint disappoints after eating at Yama Sushi.  Get the seafood salad, just thinking about it makes my mouth water!Avoid late Fri. and Sat. night unless you wanna wait for an hour or so.
4	So I finally got to try Yama after going to UNLV for how many years now. Lol! Yama has a great all you can eat menu which isn't bad based on pricing. Two rolls already covers the price so might as well get all you can eat right? Plus, you can get ice cream or mochi after your meal if you still have room. FYI their rolls are kinda dirty i.e "Wet dream" and "Morning after" however, very unique and fun!
1	This was my second time here. 1st time at 11:30 a.m. was much better but during prime time lunch hour, service is terrible, food comes out too slow and tables are too close.  And quality of sushi is not so great. It's decent. We waited a good 5-8 minutes before anyone even attempted to seat us and there were at least 4 empty tables. We had one ACE and one al la carte. The al La Carte order came out first. My husband's ACE was taking too long so we ended up cancelling most of his order and he only ate 2 of his 5 orders as we both had to get back to work. However, a huge party sitting a few tables over, were getting huge orders the entire time and arrived after us!   I raved about this place to my husband and was embarassed with the experience we had. When we went to the rude "hostess" and said we were leaving due to slow service and that we didn't get most of our order, she got our bill and rang us up. I was so upset with her careless attitude that i stated once again that we didn't even receive our order, but she didn't apologize or seem the least bit concerned about our poor service. Instead,she left us standing there so she could run and tell the chef to cancel the rest of order in fear it would be wasted. It's clear they don't waste anything because they dropped off several orders of sushi at our table and my husband took a piece, but they came back and took the plate to give it to another table after realizing they gave him someone else's order in addition to his. They didn't even apologize, just asked how many he ate and grabbed it back and gave it to the other table! I couldn't believe it. Any fine establishment would have let us keep it and made a new order for the other table. THey can't handle the crowd they get and I'm sure it's only so busy for the lack of other Sushi places in the area. Brian's beach on Ft. apache is 10x better! WE will continue going there.
5	Yama Sushi was love at first bite for me :D It is very similar to the typical AYCE sushi joint, Miso Soup, Cucumber salad, FRESH and DELICIOUS rolls from Catapillar to WET DREAM to soft shell crab. The service was quick, the servers were polite, and great about helping you choose tasty delights.Everytime I come here, its PACKED! so expect a 20-45 (or longer) wait to be seated. And another thing to consider is the size- yes most sushi places are small but considering the volume of people coming in and out- you'd think they'd opt for more space. I dont mind waiting because the food is totally worth it!AYCE Lunch special $21.99+, Dinner special $24.99+
5	All You Can Eat sushi is the best deal in town..Always hit this spot up when I go to Vegas. Sushi is always fresh and service is quick, nice, and helpful...you won't regret coming here!!!
3	Staff are very nice to their patrons. But the last time I was there, my experience was not worth remembering. I got yelled by this old sushi chef.  He usually works on the right side of the sushi bar near the entrance. He scolded me for ordering too fast. I'm like "Sir, you work at an all-you-can-eat place and my fat-butt won't tolerate your tone" After that, I had to back-off a lil bit knowing that I can't continue talking trash to an old man making my dinner.Knowing it's only an isolated incident, this won't even stop me from going there. All I have to do next time is asked to be seated on the left-most side of the sushi bar.PSI was about to give them 2 stars but their Seafood Salad is the BOMB!
4	This is one of the few great AYCE sushi joints in Vegas that are actually open for lunch! Both of my favorite spots are dinner and late night only! After checking out of our hotel, we had sushi withdrawl symptoms and needed raw fish asap!It was already packed right at opening. Luckily for us, there were 2 spots open right at the bar. Cha ching!The quality and selection here were excellent. Right up there with the best Vegas AYCE spots. AYCE items include appetizers and desserts also. It was about $21 for lunch which was great. Sushi itself was fresh, rice was made perfectly.However I give them only 4 stars because my favorite 2 spots in Vegas still reign on my list. I felt service was a bit rushed because of how crowded they were. Hikari and Sushi House Goyemon still are my tops.
5	I went back to Yama while visiting friends and family in Vegas. The restaurant is getting even more crowed than I remember. I learned that Yunge has recently moved to Korea, and the no-name roll was taken off the menu. Sad news, but our experience was still very good, and I will still be back. And because it is still my favorite AYCE sushi place I have found to date, I can not find it in me to take a star from their rating... yet. If 4.5 was an option, I would chose that.So a few new recommendations to make up for the missing no-name roll. If you want something fun and cooked, the man whore is also good. For those who want a little sashimi, the Garlic Tuna is excellent.
5	We were very impressed by this all-you-can-eat sushi joint. It was a gem! They have a wide selection of appetizers and sushi rolls to choose from their menu.  All the sushi was fresh and really good. The service was great and the food came out quickly. I highly recommend Yama Sushi!
2	I really wanted to like this place because other people swear by it, but all you can eat sushi is a bit suspicious when there's so much spicy tuna and crazy sauces on the menu ... I really wonder about the quality of the fish here.  It's easy to hide not-so-great fish in spiciness and funky sauces. And the couple of rolls that were supposed to have fresh fish instead of the typical spicy tuna mush -- The fish really lacked any flavor.  It wasn't rancid, but it definitely wasn't the freshest fish.The rolls were fun but not fantastic -- There's nothing here that makes me say "Holy sashimi, I HAVE to go back there again!"  The price for all you can eat was pretty cheap, but I'd rather throw down a few extra $$$ and get some real quality fish.
5	If you want the best sushi, friendly service, but can wait up to 45 mins to be seated, this is place to be. This place always has a wait, but it's well worth it. We go here at least once or twice a month for the AYCE. Only thing is I wish the place was a little bigger, but other than that, I'll keep coming back.
5	Like most of the reviews mention this place is small and it can get crowded.  We didn't have to wait on weekday afternoon and got there about an hour before it switched over to dinner.  It did fill up rather quickly after that and at one point a room divider almost fell on me. But after experiencing Yama Sushi I really can't imagine going anywhere else!  The price is more then fair for AYCE and the entire menu is fair game.  The standouts for me were the seafood salad, Yama roll, superman, wet dream.... seriously everything was good!  I can't wait to go back.   Not to mention the servers are very attentive.  Water always refilled, plates taken away quickly and always ready for our next order.
5	I have serious cravings for AYCE sushi at this place all the time. Spicy seafood salad if you love sashimi and the wet dream roll... *drools* i don't think I've ever left this place without feeling so stuffed that I cannot move anymore. Everything is so daymnnnn good! Ive never had any roll that wasn't sooo super yummy! I want to try all the AYCE sushi place there is but since eating here it's just hard to. I swear one day i might just go there alone just to satisfy myself. #fatgirlproblems
5	This place is my favorite place to go to for AYCE sushi, $23 now that's a deal! This restaurant is a bit small and there's always a wait but it's worth it. I would recommend to order the seafood salad, it's a good portion too not like other sushi restaurants. You can also order half rolls which is a plus and you can order as much mochi as you want but their mochis are a bit hard so u have to wait a while for it to soften up. This place is definitely more bang for your buck so try this place out :)
4	This is our favorite sushi place close to home. We make a trip at least once a month, if not more. The price is great for all you can eat. For the two of us it came out to about $53 for two people. I know it's a little less for lunch.The service is great. Even at their very busiest, we were still attended quite regularly. Our glasses are never empty! The only downer to this place might be how cramped it can be. This is not the place to be if you are trying to have a private conversation with someone no matter how low you try to speak! lol! Also, be careful of the slippery floors! While walking in to our table or leaving there was many a day when my feet slid! I didn't know this place doubled as a skating rink! lol! It is quite crowded during peak meal times so we try to go when it is off-peak. The food is fantastic! The presentation is very nice. The tables are small so we try and order about two or three dishes at a time. Usually when one comes out we can chow down on it while waiting for the others to come to free up some space. The restaurant isn't so fancily decorated, but who cares, I came for the food! A big plus is being able to order half rolls. You know what that means? You can try a lot more of the great sushi! I must have been born a bear in a past life because I cannot get enough of the salmon! A must-have for the bf is the Palm Job. It is so delish! It has spicy crab in a soy paper wrap. I don't like spicy foods, however, I do steal a bite or two of this!
4	Fantastic place and fantastic value.  Also, everything is very FRESH.  A bit skimpy on the roe but other than that, a must-visit when you're in Vegas!
5	Oh my gosh, what can I say that hasn't been said yet? This is a pretty ridiculous deal, and I'm so glad we made this our dinner stop during our one night in Vegas. I haven't been to Vegas in over a decade, and I definitely had my king's pick of your typical "Vegas buffets." However, I opted for this one after reading all the enthusiastic reviews. I'm guessing everyone else reads Yelp, too, because the place was pretty packed for a Tuesday night...at 6:00. We didn't relent, however, and whiled away 30 minutes shopping at the TJ Maxx nearby. The place is tiny, as most reviewers have said, and the atmosphere friendly. We also were served by the most opinionated, cheeriest server ever. She was like a super happy Christmas elf hopped up on caffeine (got a mental image yet?), as she recommended us a bunch of speciality rolls, as well as how we should pace ourselves (i.e. get a half roll to try, then whole if you really like it, since they charge for leftovers). She seemed really knowledgeable, so we took most of her advice, and really glad we did! Some of our favorites include: Sun of the Beach, Wet Dreams, Superman, and the Untitled one (I think it's #24?). I also tried the fish by itself and got the garlic tuna, which was fresh and sprite. Even the side dishes were delicious, including the miso soup. This is one of the few AYCE places that I really felt I was getting a delicious, well-crafted bang for my buck.
4	The best part about this place is the all you can eat! About $23 I think for dinner. The sushi is pretty good and they have a lot of different rolls. You can order the appetizers off the AYCE menu too! I love that! The downside is that it is always packed. It is a small place and the tables are really close together. The waiting area is small too and usually full. The service is okay. I usually overlook all this because you can't beat the price.
4	Good: The Sushi comes out amazingly fast. It comes out too fast. The baked rolls come out  in a normal amount of time, and they're baked! The No Name Roll was my favorite but there were many excellent choices. I am tempted to take off a point because the Harry Potter roll was the worst roll I had (still good!) and damn it show some respect to the Boy who Lived! Great Service.Bad: This place is a shoebox and it's popular so you're going to wait. Also my party discovered that if you take down 15 rolls between three people the waitresses are going to talk about it. Which is probably healthy shame. Also this place gave me diabetes, but I think I am partially to blame. Also we were close enough to the table next to us to feed each other.The Bizarre: Mounds of Sushi, Seafood Salad, Ice Cream: and I'm not full. What the hell is going on here?Will return.
5	Went in on a Sunday night around 6pm and even though there was a crowded wait, we were seated in less than ten minutes. What you do with AYCE is scan the two menus (one with everything on it from desserts to appetizers to hand rolls and the other with pictured specialty rolls) and order a few choices. They are delivered almost instantly! Devour those and REPEAT! I love this system even though at times it can be confusing. This place is great even though its crowded, get to know your neighbors! it can be as fun as you make it. I love the waitresses that urge you to try everything. It was my dad's first time AYCE and I'd have to say he was liking it. Tips: -Bring a pen to mark what you have tried! -Drink green tea (which is included in AYCE) when you feel like you've eaten too much yet still want to go on! :D our little secret. which isn't really a secret as it is a known fact...-Ask for half-rolls when you just want to try a roll for the first time! Really saves your stomach. -Don't skimp on the mochi and ice cream dessert at the end!...or inbetween rolls ;D
5	I love this place sushi no where else! Service is superb! And all rolls are great! Ps sun of the beach and wet dream are all time favs. Try this place u will love the quality and price only 21 buks for Lunch.
5	This place is great! My wife and I had a fantastic time. The food is delicious and the service is top notch. We were swarmed by the attentive waitresses who encouraged us to order and enjoy ourselves. Sushi/rolls appeared almost as soon as we ordered. I won't bore you with what we had to eat, we all have our favorites, but the seafood salad stands out. We have been to many of the top rated AYCE Sushi and Yama Sushi truly stands apart.
4	Hey , this is hard to beat for the money.  Sat in with a good buddy and we had some funny sounding rolls , ie., "man whore".  Had a nice chat with some friendly strangers from Reno and Guatemala.  How cool is that?  I'm a fan now and will stop back on my next trip in July.
4	price is good. the end. i stuff my face here all the time, who doesn't? its ayce. anyways, the rolls are good and the service is great. sushi comes out quick the wait staff are very friendly. it does get busy here, so i can understand if everything is not instant. for the rolls, to my preference there are lots of fill you up quick rolls. most of lots of rice with minimal content. there is this one roll i ordered which seemed like it but battered and baked, it was really good but that roll alone can probably fill you up. these are understandable though since it is an ayce, the owner has to make some money haha. no doubt though, definitely will come back
3	I've eaten at Yama Sushi many times, and I'm never disappointed.  There is sometimes a wait, but that's a testament to just how great people think it is. The food is delicious, the staff is friendly, and the prices are reasonable.  The all-you-can-eat lunch/dinner is a steal at $22.95, and that price includes ANY foods on the menu.   Especially love the Man Whore, Spicy Tuna, Dragon Roll, and Tiger Roll. Several flat-screen TV's so you can watch while you dine, bar area, tables, and private room for a large group.  Even when they are at  full capacity, it's never so loud that you have to shout.  I will definitely be returning. Happy Eating!
3	3.5 starsYama I can say is sure dang efficient! They whip sushi out like its premade and service is attentive. We got here on a Saturday night at 5:30ish hoping to beat the dinner rush, the place was already busy!I can't really comment how the raw fish tasted as I cannot eat it at this time, BUT the unagi was pretty good. The husband said that he enjoyed the scallop, yellowtail, uni, etc. BTW when the menu says spicy tuna/spicy crab, etc...it's pretty dang spicy! The nigri was a bit overstuffed with rice, but other than that the hubby said it was fresh. Another thing that threw me off was the there was huge stack of salmon in the cooler that was precut...gross! Mussels were a miss, but I think overall everything else was good. We will probably be back eventually when I can try the fish!
1	Normally I would give this place a pretty good rating. However, today change my perspective towards this place.  I came here with a friend of mine during lunch, we were one of the few to arrive early (right when it was just opened).  We ordered 2 Uni sushi (total of 4 pieces), the waitress (named Haeyun) came back and told us that Uni has not been deliver yet. So I asked if we could substitute it for another item equivalent with the "*" item of the Uni.  The waitress said NO, she also mentioned that she asked the manager as well. But I had a feeling that she didn't. This incident made DISLIKE this place. I understands if I came here at night and the item I wanted was sold out, then I wouldn't complained. But under the circumstance that we were here when it was just opened and this was not our fault that they didn't order their sushi on time, we believe that they just lost some valuable customers (along with all my friends who come here quite often).
4	I wish I could give Yama 3.75 stars. Yama used to be the "go to" place for sushi. Every time anyone mentioned sushi, Yama it was. Until the service started going downhill. Their food is pretty good. Their selection of special rolls is pretty unique. Their Palm Job is amazing! Their roll names are a bit amusing but you have to have a sense of humor. The servers and sushi chefs are hit or miss. Sometimes your water is overflowing and sometimes your slurping the last drops of your melted ice for 10 minutes. Also, the sushi chefs have a horrible habit of ignoring you if they are in the middle of doing a service order, even if you stare right at them. Normally I am pretty patient when it comes to ordering at the bar, however a simple "I'll be right with you" would be plenty.On the plus side, they have a great AYCE price, which more than pays for itself when you add up the individual roll prices. They also will make you half rolls too, which is my favorite. This way I can try a whole bunch of rolls without filling myself up. They do tend to cover their rolls in a good amount of sauce so if this turns you off, make sure to ask for it on the side. All in all, I do go back to Yama, but not as often as I used to. Step up the service guys!
5	I love this place. I keep coming back to Yama. The have a great community, and awesome servers. I mean how could you not with $21 dollar All you can!
5	When there after work. Had the all you can eat. One of the best spots for sushi in Vegas. The no name was the best sushi roll I had last night
5	My love took me there for our Valentine's Day dinner during Valentine's Day weekend.  It was ridiculously busy, I almost wanna say more than usual, but we only waited about 15 minutes.  Our servers and additional staff was very attentive, we waited on average of 1-3 minutes for each of our rolls to come out.  For the I'm Turning Japanese roll it took a little longer because the yama yama is baked but it was our last roll so we didn't mind.For $23 a person for AYCE it was more than worthwhile!  We had nine rolls, I think my favorite would be I'm Turning Japanese, or Son of a Beach.  We also had some Unagi which was very delicious and the pieces were big.  Each roll were in good proportions, none of that overfilled with rice crap.  I won't lie it was saucy, but we both prefer saucy so it didn't bother me.The mango mochi ice cream was a little too cold but once it chilled it was good, but not as good as the red bean ice cream.We will be back!
4	I just went today for Valentine's Day, so it was pretty crowded, especially for a place that is pretty small to begin with.Service: They made up for this by having great food and FAST service. No joke, our orders were ready within 3 or 4 minutes. Even with the place being packed, the staff was very friendly and attentive. Food: The food was tasty. I ordered nigiri, tempura, miso soup, and mochi. Definitely one of the better AYCE sushi places that I've tried, especially for the price.
5	If you want AYCE sushi done right, this is bar-none my favorite AYCE sushi establishment in Las Vegas (Pending if Kan-Pai ever goes back to AYCE).I know this place has hundreds of reviews, so of course it was going to be busy when my girlfriend and I arrived at 6pm on Valentines Day.  It was only a 15 minute wait which went by pretty fast and we were seated.Within 1 minute of seating our server asked us for a drink and an order.  None of that "wait 5 minutes to get a drink, gives drink then walks away, comes back 3 minutes later to get an order".  She was on the ball.  I ordered the Roger Roger! roll and some unagi.3 minutes later our first 2 rolls were being served.  I just couldn't believe it.  So...Fucking...Fast.  It turns out that this was the theme, whenever a roll was ordered, within 3 minutes at most they would bring back our order.A+ on the staff for everything.  There had to have been a dozen wait-staff buzzing around such a small area, but they were on the ball.I did not have a single problem with any of rolls I ate, the Unagi was great and the Roger Roger! Roll will be my go-to choice in my future visits to Yama Sushi. As for desert I had some mango mochi and red bean ice cream.  It's impossible to do red bean wrong.  And I guess we didn't let the mochi thaw out since my gf and I both took a bite into it and it was hard as a rock...whoops!I wasn't a fan of the miso soup, then again I am not gonna knock them for that since only Naked Fish does miso soup correctly to my knowledge.Despite it being packed and somewhat crammed, it was definitely an enjoyable experience.Believe in the hype...BELIEVE!!!!PS: I'm a sucker for garlic ponzu sauce, any place that has that in winnar!#99problemsbutAYCEsushiaintone#BelieveTheHype
4	The all you can eat specialHand, half or cut rolls + special rollsFirecracker
5	This is one place I just HAVE to go every time I'm visiting here in LV. If you are into big spacious restaurants, this isn't for you. You sit pretty close to your neighboring tables and are easily observed. It's loud in here, but keep in mind, it's always busy and especially during the lunch hour- but you'll still have more than enough time to enjoy all the goodness this place has to offer since they are super friendly and fast!You can't go wrong with the ALL-You-Can-Eat option! I especially prefer this since it allow me to order all kind of different sushi specials. The nice thing about it is that you can order a "half" order of any kind of special rolls they have to offer. Meaning you have more room to try something else. Plus you still get the great perks of ordering meat choices of chicken or beef teriyaki or korean short ribs as well. The staff is super friendly and helpful if your not sure on what to order. The sashimi salad is sooo yummy! I highly recommend! Some servings of particular orders may seems small, but that's OK, it allows you to venture out and try other things on the menu (all you can eat menu). Regular items that are not ordered from the all you can eat menu are of the normal portion of japanese bento box style. Quality of the food is great. Fresh sashimi, fish and seafood found here in LV? Yes!!! I spoke with the owners and chef a few times and they get daily shipments of fresh seafood. You know what that means, this place is no joke! Price? more than reasonable for what you get. If your on a budget or just not looking to spend over $25 for a lunch or dinner, I say keep more $$$ in your wallet, avoid those corporate buffets at the hotels on the strip and enjoy some great japanese/korean food in a not so busy environment. There is plenty of parking since this is located at a strip mall next to albertson's and CVS. You can't go wrong!!!!
4	Great sushi for AYCE.  Service is usually average, once it was poor.  However we keep coming back for the food
5	This is my FAVORITE sushi spot in Vegas! I refuse to go anywhere else but Yama, Their prices for AYCE are extremely reasonable $19.99 for lunch and $23.99 for dinner. Also when you get AYCE they offer EVERYTHING on the menu including unlimited appetizers, rolls and dessert. It just doesnt get any better then that! It can get a bit crowded in there as the place is small, its tucked away inside a strip mall on the east side of town. If you blink you might miss it! However size does not matter here lol. The service is always great dirty plates are taken away almost immediately and my water glass is always full. My favorite thing on the menu is the Seafood Salad which is lots of fresh sashimi with their spicy house sauce it is TO DIE FOR! The best thing on the menu IMO. My favorite rolls are the sun of the beach and the wet dream. I also like the no name roll very good. I go here again and again and again and take all my friends here too. Great job Yama!!!!!
4	I love going to Yama Sushi. I found this place 2 years ago while living in Vegas for the summer. If you like all you can eat sushi, this is your place. Before my last visit this would have been 5 stars. Unfortunately after my last visit just for stars. My only real complaint is the speed of the food coming out. Sometimes it take longer than I feel it should. Might just be me. If you are eating all you can eat sushi you might realize that after 20 minutes that rice will explode in your stomach. Then that is all you can eat. I love this place and usually leave saying why do a stuff my stomach so much. Only to make a trip back the next time I am in town. The variety and the freshness of the sushi here is among the best. Get of the strip and get over to Yama Sushi. .
3	Eat all you can sushi... Where can you go wrong... Try every thing... I forgotten the names of the sushi due to the yumminess .. There service hmmm, sometimes they forget what you order and have to consistently remind them of what you just ordered...
5	One of my favorite places for Sushi in Vegas...oh how I miss you Yama!
5	THE NO NAME ROLL & SUN OF THE BEACH!That is all you need to know, just kidding. I love this place so much that I will even wait in line for an hour just so I can come in and grub at this AYCE sushi joint. Out of all the places that I have been to in Las Vegas, this place has definitely been the best. It is on a first come first serve basis so if you are planning to come as a big group for dinner time then make sure someone shows up first to put their name on the list. Wait times range from 30 minutes to an hour and a half when they are really busy. More if you have a large party. I wish that they would expand so that more people are able to come feast on their delightful, heavenly sushi! So.. beware of you are claustrophobic because everyone is packed in there like sardines in a can. I fell in love with the No Name Roll! It is my favorite roll and the Sun of the Beach is second. The have quirky names for their rolls like the Who's Your Daddy Roll, One Minute Man, and the Strip Tease. There is also a Harry Potter roll! I always do AYCE because I feel like if you don't then it's not worth it! Haha. AYCE at dinner time is a wonderful price at $25.95 compared to other places. You even get unlimited desserts. Try asking for an orange and see what they give you, it's very cute. A really good hand roll for fans of a little kick of spice is the Palm Job! I love those! If you want to be more of a sampler then you can even order half rolls the whole time. I LOVE THIS PLACE. I cannot say it enough. The servers are always very attentive and come back to get your orders for the next round as well as clearing your plates immediately after you have picked off the last piece. How much appetizers, rolls, and just food in general you can order for the price you are paying is phenomenal.Come to Yama Sushi, I swear you won't hit up any other sushi joint after!
5	Best all you can eat sushi in Las Vegas. $21.95 for lunch.
5	being from hawaii I am super picky about sushi.BEST SUSHI IN TOWN HANDS DOWN!
5	Fresh fish and good ambience. This place rocks! Their all you can eat special is worth the price. Rolls are delicious. Definitely a great sushi spot.
4	Best sushi I have had in vegas. Ayce for 22 amazing sushi. Can't wait to come back
5	I love coming here! I try to restrain myself to once a month.  The Palm Job is the best, I always order it first! the place is small inside but they manage to squeeze everyone in. Yama crunch and Turning Japanese ar e two of my favorites.
3	Okay, here is my problem with this place - The waitress's are pushy & the wait can be insane. The last 2 times I have been there, I have had issues. The first, it was just my boyfriend and I, we were doing the AYCE. Just like most sushi places that offer that, if you don't eat a majority on the plate, you have to pay for it. Okay, well we ordered some of our favorite rolls, like Sun of Beach and No Name. After we had a 3 rolls, we were still a bit hungry. The waitress said she suggested a particular roll. She brought it, but also brought this seafood salad. It was basically large chunks of meat in some sort of thin sauce. It was gross. I don't mind sashimi, but my boyfriend hates it. I only ate the pieces of tuna and shrimp before I couldn't stomach much more. The roll she brought us, was also so-so. So we finish the roll, and pretty much assume we are going to have to pay for this salad thing. In the meantime, she brings us ANOTHER roll. By then we told the waitress please no more, we are full, and we would not like to pay for these items. She was a bit taken back but was willing to not charge us for the other roll we did not ask for, and the seafood salad. Second visit, we had a group of 6. It was a Saturday, so we knew the place would be packed. They don't take reservations, regardless of how many people are in your party. We got there, they told us 45 minutes. We waited outside with a bunch of other people, an hour went by, and still not called. In the meantime, one particular table was called on but they said the rest of their group had not shown up. So they put them ahead of us, instead of the back of my line. My opinion is, if your friends are an hour late (cause that's how long they were waiting) you should have to get in the back of the line with the rest of us. But anyhow, 2 hours went by, and by then we were becoming extremely annoyed. We took a cab there, so we figured to just wait it out. After 2 hours and 20 minutes, we got a table. The food was good and my friends were super excited about it since they've never been to an AYCE sushi joint.
5	Man, do i LOVE this place!!!! Every time i got back, it is like I'm trying the sushi for the first time and just get sent to that wonderful place of "mmmmmmmmmmmm".  I have been to quite a good bit of AYCE sushi places here, and this is at the top of my list. Every time my bf and i have went our orders always come out fast, the service is good despite the place always being packed, the sushi...oh the sushi is so heavenly! All the combinations and sauciness....so so so good! If you are going to try this place out, you should know that it is a small place and it is pretty much always packed, so you will have to be prepared to wait awhile depending on your party size. For me and my boyfriend it is ALWAYS a 45min wait, but it is SOOOOOO worth it! Also, SUN OF THE BEACH is a MUST try!!!!! Happy Sushi : )
5	I love love love this place. The spicy seafood salad is a must. The AYCE was just okay but I will definately be back next time I am in LV.
5	Every time I come to Vegas I have to take a trip to Yama Sushi. I sit at the bar and do the AYCE Sushi. The old Korean guy behind the bar makes awesome sushi at your request and always encourages you to eat more. He'll also give you suggestions. (make sure to tip them well. they work hard!)I can't pinpoint one type of roll I like. I pretty much like it all. Of course the salmon can't be compared to say the fresh salmon rolls in Vancouver BC but for non-LA and non-Vancouver this joint is awesome. Decently priced. Give it a shot and don't be scared by the crowd waiting outside to be seated.
5	SPRING BREAK! I think it would be packed but surprisingly we only had to wait about ten minutes to get seated.  The seating seats at least four people per table.  Immediately before we sat our waiter got our order of drinks and got to our table before we ordered.  Yes, finally water service! One of their famous rolls: Sun of the beach it came out hot and fresh. It was a new sensation for me. If you look on the menu the names are only what you will find in Vegas.  "One minute man"  "Wet dreams"   All in which, made me laugh with my friends.  It was definitely a great conversation to start with.   Especially when deciding what rolls we like to try.  HAHAHhahah.ONE GOOD THING!!  The rolls are not overpowered by fillers such as crabmeat and Philadelphia cheese.  In this case maintains their five star rating with me.  Also, I love how attentive the waiters were with keeping our glasses full with water and our table with sushi orders.  I know I have Sushi back in Cali but if I am in Vegas this I will make an exception.***Fresh rolls: Double salmon roll.
2	I wanted to like this place, I really did, but here's why I didn't. The rolls I had were smothered in what I call flare (sauces, mayo, garnish, etc.)The nigiri was sloppy and also has flairWay too many people here that wandered over from the stripHowever, $25 all you can eat? (awesome) You better believe I ate myself stupid! The mochi ice cream kicks a$$!
5	6 words--- great all you can eat sushi!  They have a regular menu also but the ayce sushi is sooooo good and it's great quality.  Can't say enough I stop here every time I'm in town.
4	One good thing when dining alone is that you get seated pronto no wait at all!! Back to Vegas and of course back to yama!!! So what is different this time around? Still crowded,price might have went up.portions still the same,quality still the same although the seafood salad I had the dressing was watery. Other than that it was what I remembered it to be.
4	All you can eat for $22 bucks at lunch.Everything is pretty much A OK.Lousy,ugly strip mall location,but it is Vegas after all.If you are in town and want a great all you can eat sushi bar experience,this is the place.
5	Are you kidding me?  The freshest most delicious sushi experience of my life. Unsurpassed quality with everything that was brought to the table.They start you off with a "Seafood Salad"--there's no lettuce around, just generous chunks of salmon and tuna, with deep-fried shrimp in a spicy rice-vinegar dressing on top a bed of noodles. I could've just had that and been blissful, but then came the rolls...rolls upon rolls!So, to clarify something: when you think 'all-you-can-eat' sushi, don't think of a buffet, because it's not that; it is roll-by-roll, order what you want but eat what you order. The bigger the group, the more you can try and the easier it is to finish the rolls. My family is a bunch of foodies; there were 2 chefs in our group, to boot, and all of us were impressed with the quality of the dishes. This is now a mandatory stop for me in Las Vegas, and if you eat sushi anywhere else, you are missing out.
1	The whose your daddy roll tasted like ammonia. The rice was also bad. I will never come here again.
5	Best place in Vegas and most of the country. Great prices. Can get busy as this is a local spot and small. Hidden in a strip mall. I always suggest this place!!
4	I don't live in Vegas! so i've been craving for this place in forever. The best thing about Yama sushi is everything on the menu is included in the buffet..except drinks. Yes that means, appetizers! unlimited miso soup!!!! all the sushi, desserts, everything!20$ lunch, 24$ dinner. NOT BAD AT ALL. Considering all the sushi are fresh, aka made to order, it's awesome. Service was so-so. Place is a bit cramped. But as long as the food is good, I am with it!
5	For AYCE sushi, this place is tops!  Been here twice.  Both time OUTSTANDING!We sat at the bar and the service was super fast.  Often I've seen AYCE where they make you wait and try to load you up on soups & appetizers.  While you can certainly get those, their many sushi chefs whip out some amazing creations super fast.  You can get basic Nigiri, which was fine.  Actually, the salmon was quite good.  And, they have an amazing selection of rolls too.  But, my favorite was the "seafood salad" which is huge plate of various Sashimi (no rice) with a ponzu-like sauce.  OMG!  Wished we lived closer!
2	My Recommendation: Wet Dream RollThe price for all you can eat is really cheap, and surprisingly, the sushi is still good! But I have to knock them down for the terrible service. My friend and I sat at the bar and was trying to yell out orders to the chef, but he ignored us for the longest time. The other customers sitting next to us at the bar noticed it as well and even joked with my friend and me about it. I honestly was beginning to think the chef didn't speak English haha. Eventually, he decided to recognize our existence and gave us our Dragon Rolls, etc. He never said a word to us, besides repeating our order back to make sure he was correct. Never even cracked a smile. This guy was a straight robot!.....but he made bomb sushi hahaAnother disappointment was that they were out of ice cream. That's one of my favorite parts about getting sushi. Finishing it off with a nice scoop of Plum ice cream. If I was rating this place just for food, they'd probably get 4 stars, but since it's based off of the entire experience, Yama Sushi can thank their "amazing" customer service and stocked inventory for the solid 2 stars it just earned from me.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. I have been going here for years. This is the best kept AYCE sushi secret off the strip. Expect to wait maybe 45 mins-1 hour plus on weekends, there is ALWAYS a line if you go for dinner, granted that is a good sign!Some of my favorites are: The seafood salad, no name roll, who's your daddy, wet dream and I like to polish it off with cucumber salad, edamame, miso and of course-MOCHI!The fresh cuts are just that, FRESH, and the variety of dishes is quite remarkable.Overall, if you plan on eating around 8PM on the weekend, try to arrive at least around 7PM. For lunch there is really no waiting time to speak of.Yama Sushi-a diamond in the rough, referring to the strip mall it's located in. You will not be disappointed.
5	Yeah! Jackpot!! I know where I'm going every time I hit Las Vegas from now on!Having recently become addicted to sushi, I hopped on Yelp after arriving in Las Vegas to find where the good sushi places around there are.  I wasn't necessarily looking for high class sushi bars at the hotels, but just good sushi in general, even if it was off the beaten path a little bit.Well, with all these good reviews for Yama Sushi, how could we not try it!  The drive wasn't too far off the strip, and I enjoy seeing other areas of Las Vegas so that's a bonus for me.  Yama Sushi was located in a shopping center, it was a small sushi dive and we were lucky as we didn't have to wait for a table.  (And this, from what I read and hear, is a rare occasion ... usually there is a wait for Yama Sushi, especially during peak sushi hours, such as lunch time and evening time).Anyway, we were greeted by a very friendly hostess who sat us down at the table.  Having been burned by not so good AYCE deals before, we decided to order a couple of rolls from the menu instead.  (Next time we'll probably go for the AYCE).Our waiter was very friendly and funny,  and I do see a couple of reviews here that complain about the service, but I don't have any complaints in that department at all.  For starters, I ordered "Sun on a beach", it had eel, tempura shrimp and avocado on the inside and salmon on top, drizzled with eel sauce!! Hands down, one of the best rolls I've ever had.  I've even started asking my regular sushi place where I live to make this roll for me,  I just love it!My husband got a spicy roll, I believe it may have been "Who's your daddy", and he really loved it as well.Once we were done, we agreed we could fit one more roll, so we ordered one that had tempura squid in it.  I can't for the life of me remember the name! But it was delicious! :)Unfortunately we didn't make it to dessert, but we will next time.  This will definitely become a "must-stop" place every time we visit Las Vegas! :)Taste, freshness, creativity... even comedy! This sushi joint has it all.  I'm giving 5 stars.
5	Very delicious sushi rolls with provocative names. Also very fast service. Didn't have to wait long for rolls which is a big plus.This place needs to expand a little more since it has many customers all the timeand usually busy.
5	Went to Yama Sushi on our trip to Las Vegas and were very impressed. We only planned to go one time, but the sushi was so good and for such a good price, we ended up going 2 more times! We tried all of the rolls and they were great. One dish I enjoyed immensely was the seafood salad that included various sashimi and a spicy sauce. We had all-you-can-eat which included all sushi, appetizers, drinks, and dessert (mochi or ice cream)! It was very busy but the staff was hard working and friendly. They allow you to order half rolls (4 pieces) so you get to try more. We sat at the bar and the chef was very helpful in helping us order. The restaurant is a few minutes from the strip and definitely worth the drive. I can't wait to come back!
5	One of the best all you can eat sushi spots in town!
5	OMG one of the best sushi places in Vegas!!!! Their rolls are adult-themed, but delicious!!!  I recommend doing the "all-you-can-eat" $20 option... Highly recommend the "wet dream" and "no name" rolls!!!!
1	Omg, I really don't find this place deserve a 4 stars on yelp. The chef yelled and shouted at me on my first piece of sushi for I didn't eat the rice with the fish! And everything was over spicy... So many good all you can eat place around Vegas, Yama is not even worth a star to me.
1	Let me start out by stating that I have been to Yama Sushi 5 times and considered it a top sushi establishment in Las Vegas. That all changed within one visit.My friend and I were seated at the bar around 11:30 am. There were maybe 10 people in the restaurant, very quite. Both doing "all you can eat," my friend and I ordered about 5 items with the sushi chef. Within 45 minutes, we got 2 out of the 5 items we ordered. I proceeded to ask the waitress if we could order some rolls from her and she said no, as the restaurant began to fill up and become very busy. 10 minutes later I complained to the waitress that we still didn't get the items we ordered almost an hour ago. After debating with her, she accepted the order. 5 minutes later the sushi chef shoved a roll in front of my face, demanding me to eat. I have never felt so disrespected in a food establishment in my entire life. Not to mention, the few rolls we did get, the sushi quality was horrific. A Goopey cream cheese, and mushy fish taste stayed in mouth the entire day.Long story short, my friend and I battled with the waitress for her to comp our meal, since we were dissatisfied with the service and did not even get our food. Why should one pay for food they did not get? After debating with her yet again, she comes back to us and offers us 10 percent off, that's when I flipped my gasket and started to make a scene. My friend yelled at the sushi chef for treating us with disrespect, and I ensured that we would not leave the restaurant without any sort of comp. We got out of there splitting one all you can eat price, but they lost more than just $22.99. They lost two loyal customers and any recommendation to any Las Vegas sushi goers. Yama is a total disaster, take my advice and save your money by doing ala carte at a quality restaurant.
5	This is the best sushi restaurant in Las Vegas. ALL the chefs at Yama Sushi are great by the way. If I could..I'd eat here EVERY DAY! :D
4	There's a reason why every time you go to this place you'll find it PACKED! Their all-you-can-eat sushi is among the best quality in town. Some of the wait staff leave a bit to be desired, but the quality of the food makes it totally worth it.
4	This place is pretty small. I got full very fast because they give a full roll of sushi, I wish they didn't because I wanted to try the others. The service is good too, she was very nice, so that's a plus.
5	Not gonna write a whole lot here.  I'm sure you can see by the 400 other mostly 4 and 5 star reviews, this place is legit.  I go about 2-3 times a month when I am craving some eel and yellowtail.Some of my favorite rolls are a double dragon (tempura eel, eel, avo), sun of the beach(shrimp temp, salmon, spicy mayo), turning japanese roll (just try it). So basically yea, the price is the best, the food is amazing, and the service is great for a sushi restaurant that is as busy as this one is.
5	Best sushi place in Vegas..fresh sushi...creative menu and friendly staff. The wait can be long..try the lunch buffet
4	Fresh SushiGreat PriceSuper fast service.My only complain is that they are packed on the weekends and the place is small. Expected at least an hour wait!!!!!!
4	Great Sushi Spot! Well Rounded and I pretty much enjoyed everything. Service was fast but we did order some stuff that they forgot. We were full anyways, so it worked out. Note: This place is very busy & packed around lunch time.My Favorites:Spicy Seafood Salad - A Must Try!Soft Shell CrabTuna - Pretty FreshWhite TunaNo Name - A Delicious Roll!Mango Mochi Ice Cream - Yummy!
5	Our absolute favorite sushi spot in Vegas!! Yummy food, great service, amazing price and some of the best sushi rolls I've ever had!!!!! Great price for AYCE eat sushi! Fish I always fresh! My favorites are wet dream roll, #21, Harry potter roll, firecracker and garlic tuna sushi! The yakotori is yummy and my husband loves the seafood salad! They always remembered us and service was always great!!
5	Best rolls in Vegas!! They also have a seafood salad that is bomb!!!\Its probably the tastiest sushi in Vegas!!
4	I usually come here several times a month and even though there is usually a long wait to be seated, the food is worth it. The service here is usually great but this time around we had a really rude waitress who kept arguing with us about what we wanted to order, even though we all got the all you can eat special. Every other time I have been here, every  one has been very friendly and the chefs sometimes even whip up their own specials right in front of you so you can try something different that is not on the menu. One of my favorite rolls in the no name. For the longest time, they didn't even have it on the menu and it was a "special order" off the menu item but since it became so popular, I guess they decided to add it. For the price, the all you can eat is definitely worth it. Just wish they had a punch card like some of the other all you can eat sushi places.
4	I usually stay on the strip in vegas and eat mostly on the strip.  My brother's gf recommended us to try this place and it was only about a ten minute drive away so we thought why not.  I was pleasantly surprised!  They have an all you can eat menu for about $25 a person for dinner and the selection and quality you get is really good.  Everything tasted really fresh and the rolls didn't have too much rice on it.  I'll definitely be going back again.The only bad thing about this place is the waitress we had tried to memorize our order and didn't really write anything down.  She forgot some parts of our order which ended up being okay because we over ordered.Try to get their early, it was super crowded even though we got there around 5p for dinner and the place is relatively small.
4	awesome sushi.  I thought all you can eat sushi would be a total rip.... nope.  It's really good.
5	THE PLACE IN VEGAS FOR AYCE SUSHI!I've tried many AYCE sushi places throughout the years and this place is the best!We come here often and have been doing more so ever since we moved here.  Let me start by saying I'm not a die hard sashimi eater and I love the generic, americanized sushi rolls...meaning, I like the fusion rolls, fried, with spicy mayo and sweet sauce; so this place is perfect for me.First of all, there a tremendous selection of high quality rolls, that beats other places.My friend and I tried to figure out what makes this place so good, and we think it's a combination of the fresh fish and the different sauces and the way the chefs prepare the rolls.  Order what you can eat, because they will charge you for excess!Rolls not to miss are the Sun of the Beach, No Name, and Wet Dream!  Sun of the Beach is one of the best rolls I've ever had!  The seafood salad is big and plentiful and the yellowtail collar is awesome!  Those two dishes alone would cost you over $20 at any sushi joint.There is a roll not currently on the menu and they named it after the manager.  It combines a sort of salsa sauce and has a little kick to it!  If you get it, you won't be disappointed.Top it off with your favorite mochi for dessert and I've yet not left that place feeling like I need to be rolled out!  I Love Yama Sushi!
4	My nieces and I were out in Vegas for the weekend and got the urge for sushi.  Of course we yelped and came across this place.  Well we loved the reviews and decided to check it out.  No regrets what so ever!!   We went on a sat evening and maybe waited 15 min.  Got a table and had some amazing sushi.  We were all happy with what we got....super tasty!!!  We plan to come here again anytime we come to Vegas.  I highly recommend it.  The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because the location is a bit small and I used to a restaurant being a little more roomy for the guests to move in and out without worrying about turning around and having someone butt in your face.  Regardless, this wouldn't stop me from going AT ALL!!!
4	We stopped by Yama sushi on a road trip out to Bryce Canyon - all you can eat sushi for 17 for lunch? Sounds like a great deal - we went with more typical rolls {RAINBOW ROLL, SPICY TUNA, YELLOWTAIL} we stuffed ourselves and got a little more towards the end our server suggested some of their specialty rolls (which most of us always avoid because of the heavy sauces) but we weren't disappointed we ordered a few rounds of {PALM JOB} and unfortunately can't remember the names of the others - we went off a lot of other help reviewers too.  We enjoyed our experience so much we went back a second time on our way back.  Definitely worth a visit if you are in the area!
5	First visit n discovered A real good sushi joint. My cous said its usually packed wit a lot of people but well worth the wait to get in. Had all u can eat sushi, the menu had so much to choose from n erything I ordered was delicious n fresh, gotta try the seafood salad. Real good service n the sushi chefs were expert sushi creators. The place is not that big but the sushi is big n fresh in flavors. The food didn't last that long to take pictures because it was that good! Yama sushi is a must try!
2	Maybe I had a bad day here. I always enjoy Yama everytime I come to Vegas but the last visit has made me never want to come back here ever again. Don't get me wrong, the food here is great and you can't beat $20 for all you can eat  for lunch. Came here with two other friends on our first day in Vegas. We were really excited to have our friends try this place since I always rave about it so much. We started off with two orders of palm jobs and a few cut rolls. During the course of our meal, we also ordered the Hamachi Kama which is yellow tail collar. What came out from the kitchen was not that at all. The fish was dry and tasteless. My friend who also works at a japanese restaurant pointed it out that it was in fact not the collar cut that they had given us but in fact the part of the tail which explained why the fish was so dry. Other than that everything else was really good. Absolutely loved the spicy seafood salad! Make sure you try at least one and remember limit one per person! Definitely make good use of it and try everything. I love how Yama lets you order a half roll instead of a full giving you more options to try a little bit of everything.But like I said food was great, however service was utterly terrible. The hispanic looking girl we had serve us must've had a really bad day. From the moment she came to our table to the end of our meal she never failed to have a frown on her face. I can put up with bad service or slow servers, but this girl was flat out rude. We had a really sweet asian girl help us for most of our meal hence the 2 stars since our server was rarely ever at our table to help us. Towards the end of our meal we ordered ice cream to finish off. Our b*tchy waitress also happen to be the one who brought it out. She barely made it to our table before she tossed the bowls at us and walked away. I was so appalled that I literally grabbed for the check and took back our tip and left her with merely change. She didn't even have the decency to place the bowl on the table but rather yet threw it at us like we were dogs. Overall:*1 star for the amazing food*1 star for the sweet asian server*Management should really look into retraining the server we had
3	When I think of Sushi Buffet, it never occurs to me its a nice one.  It just brings memories of Fuji's in Davis, Sushi Pier in Reno, etc.  This is nothing new in looks, but they do put up a good reputation and offers more things with certain limits to the customers.   It's a small stretch on the take of sushi restaurants, but its good to know that this exists here.  Otherwise, I'd say its skippable, especially if you're not a sushi fan.  The fish here isn't the freshest, but which AYCEs are I dare ask.  They do offer scallops, big clams, mussels, uni, ikura, and other stuff where other AYCEs may not, which is a highlight, but don't expect the fresh kind for either.  Out of our uni stash, which you're only allowed to have one order per person, 2 looked so suspect it was impossible to imagine eating it.  Other than that, the pieces were tiny with maybe 2-3 slabs of uni on each nigiri piece.  What I liked about the place was our server which was so helpful in pacing us and also making sure we got our orders into the kitchen/bar like the Uni and several others.  We were definitely on a mission , and she was ready to assist.  However, with the rice rules like so many other places (Reno) its hard to enjoy when all you really want is straight sashimi.  And for $21 its not bad for lunch here.  It's a bit away from the strip, but close enough where its a $15 cab ride vs god knows how long to get to Sushi Mon.  But would I ever come back...Probably not.
4	i like creative cut rolls and that is the one thing i did not like here.  they have over 20 specialty rolls, but after reading the descriptions it seemed like 3-4 rolls with one thing changed to make it a new roll.  our service was great and everything was fresh.  the nigiri is the best i've had from an ayce sushi restaurant.  nice big fish piece of fish and just enough rice.
5	All I can say is WOW!.  I lived in Okinawa for seven years and this is as good or better than anything I had in Japan.  The menu is very thorough, the prices are reasonable, and the fact it's less than $30.00 AYCE made while you wait and always fresh makes this the best place in town.
5	I come here often. Too often in fact. I have tried around 5 all-you-can-eat sushi places in Vegas and this one is definitely the best one. It gets busy during lunch time always so come early or just before the end of lunch service otherwise you may have to wait for 20-40 minutes. The only suggestion I have is to not over cook beef teriyaki. Sometimes it is too tough. Please let customers have more than one portion of Palm Job roll. I love it!
4	Love this AYCA Sushi venue! At first my friends and I saw the 40 minute wait and the people waiting outside but realized it must be popular. We went ahead and waited it out and it was worth it for sure. It cost $20.95 person. Service was excellent as food came around fast and drinks were refilled. I ordered the seafood salad (as when you do the AYCE deal, you can have 1 salad per person). We were ordering all sorts of shrimp sushi rolls. The mussels were amazing as we shared 3 orders of that. We also got 2 orders of sesame chicken. I ordered some eel rolls that were also tasty. Great experience overall.The reason I gave it four stars is because the place is very small and there was a wait to get in. We also tried to make a reservation here and they only do first come first serve. Other than that, I recommend this place to anyone that wants AYCE and doesn't mind the wait.
5	This place rocks!
3	**** 2.5 stars ****I feel somewhat obligated to point out right away that this place is somewhere that should be reserved primarily for locals, or more accurately those with cars here, because while you might be able to find a cabbie to bring you here getting one to take you home will likely be an ordeal, in our case about an hour wait with nothing really nearby. Yes, it is $23 for AYCE sushi for dinner, but there were multiple times throughout the meal that I found myself wondering "why am I eating this in the middle of the desert?" Freshness is definitely suspect here...For the price alone this place obviously garners some well deserved attention. It's amazing that you can sit here for 2 hours during dinner, ordering as much as you can possibly fit in, and walk away paying about $30 after tax and tip. There are some items with restricted limits of one per customer, such as the uni, hamachi kama, and a few of the rolls, but my experience with those items was that you should probably skip them anyway. Stick to the rolls with the overt (re: corny) sexual references in the titles, since they're drowned in enough sauces to make the lack of fresh fish not so noticeable.After waiting about 45 minutes for a table (with a brief trip to Albertson's on the corner for some 40's to sip on while we passed the time) we all began with some miso soup which was actually quite nice, and seeing as how we were about halfway into the "burned out" stage of our trip it was a refreshing interlude. Tea was served on the side in mugs so searing hot that none of my dining companions were able to lift the glasses. The little lady who dropped it off must have fingers that are numb to it at this point. We all ordered just one roll each initially, just to get an idea of the portion sizes and see what items they do best. I started with the Snow In Vegas, a spicy crab, spicy tuna, and avocado roll with red snapper, eel sauce, and sweet yam sauce on top. I ordered this based on the multiple mentions here and it was my favorite item of the evening, for sure.The next round I was forced to play into their awkward sexual inferences and ask my waitress for a Palm Job, which unfortunately isn't as alluring as it sounds, since the spicy soft-shell crab and scallop wrapped in soy paper with a "crunch" just feels a bit grainy, and, to use their analogy, limp. The flavors were nice, but texturally it's an amateur job, certainly not high class. I went for the hamachi kama (fish collarbone) as a brief respite from the rolls, to some shock from my less adventurous onlookers. It was cooked mostly alright, but definitely a bit dry, and the dipping sauce on the side tasted almost exclusively of soy sauce. Eating really dry, flaky kama with chopsticks is quite a pain in the ass to be honest, so stay away from this item even if it's one of your favorite indulgences, as it is mine.Even though I was nowhere near full everyone else was pretty much ready to go at this point, not quite up to the gastrointestinal challenges I regularly put myself through. So, I foolishly wrapped up the meal with what essentially equated to most of my negative impression, an order each of giant clam and uni (sea urchin). The giant clam was essentially just thin strips of rubber and the uni looked more like children's toothpaste than anything edible from the sea. My instinct told me not to consume these items, but I of course ignored it, and luckily I didn't get sick. The taste of each was awful, along with the texture, and only amplified when a few weeks later I had exemplary versions of both as part of the omakase menu at Sushi Ota in San Diego, perhaps the freshest I've ever eaten.After wrapping up the meal we asked the hostess to call us a taxi van while we knocked out our dessert items. Nearly 45 minutes of waiting outside later I decided to just phone another cab company myself and they showed up within the next 15 minutes or so. I'm not really knocking Yama for being located where they are, since we are the ones who chose to go there, but you should be aware of the difficulty you'll have getting back if you don't have your own reliable mode of transportation.
3	I have been going to Yama Sushi almost every month since 2007, but less often now in the last couple years due to it being busy most of the time and I 'd rather not wait a long time to just eat!My last visit was a couple weeks ago and I was saddened by the excess amount of rice they put in their sushi.  I felt like I was struggling to finish each nigiri because there was so much rice in them.  Their fish to rice ratio was perfect to me before (the way sushi is suppose to be made) anytime I went.  After my last visit here, I decided that I'm not going to go back to my ex-favorite sushi place for awhile unless someone drags me here.
3	We ordered 2 AYCE on a friday night for $55.- Wait time was long for 2 people. We ended up shopping at CVS to pass the 30min wait.- Service was fast at the sushi bar. Bon hooked it up! always delivered the sushi right away!- Asian waitress had stick up her ass. Even if you leave a tiny bit of rice, they will threaten to charge you. - Hamachi kama, soft shelf crab, and fried mussels were all too oily. I had to drink way too much water O__O- Rolls were decent. Not as good as goyemon. - Mochi ice cream ALL OUT tonight!? boooo- ice cream better than sushi mon. plum ice cream and small bits of it :)-  Salmon skin roll has avocado?! pretty good :)! kinda oily :/
4	I just had the all you can eat sushi here and it was amazing, the food was amazing the service was very good, the atmosphere was very nice. I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	This is a great place to eat sushi. The place is located off the strip in a parking lot which is convenient and not that much traffic. The All You Can Eat is the best deal.Service is ok although the last time we went we felt rushed out since the crowd started to come in. Strip Tease, Man Whore, Shrimp Lover and Wet Dream are my all time favorite dishes.  My only grip about this place is that I hope they had more bathrooms available they only have 1 bathroom for each Men & Women which is an inconvenience. Definitely recommend coming here to eat sushi that is priced very well.
4	When you get a hankering for some sushi, you ultimately know it is going to be an expensive experience. However, there are some spots that offer an all you can eat (AYCE) experience that can runs the gamut of being good or downright terrible. While the service is a bit interesting and the ambiance somewhat confining, their well-made sushi rolls more than make up for its shortcomings and keep me coming back for more.The menu certainly offers your normal menu that you would expect along with their special rolls that define a sushi establishment. The chef specials are amusingly named and certainly offer an array of flavors. The man whore roll was interesting with a spicy salmon, spicy tuna, and cream cheese and certainly a good starting point. The wet dream was alright but essentially a california roll, while the Son of the Beast was certainly a good offering of sweet and savory, spicy and mellow. The fresh fish was pretty good and well cut, while the rice was nicely rolled.Service was reasonably attentive and water glasses rarely went empty while the sushi arrived in a nice progression and the wait wasn't too excessive. I'd suggest ordering more when you have a roll left on the table. It certainly was loud and a little rambunctious, but I think that was part of the charm. Tables are rather close together so you might be overhearing the table next to you. Probably not a good idea to discuss a business merger or chat about the insider stock tips you got. Plan to make reservations otherwise you might be in for a wait. We waited about 20 minutes for our table, which wasn't too excessive but we didn't go on a peak night either. You'll thank me for my suggestion when you wait in the 105 degree heat. All in all, you definitely get a good value for your money and definitely one of the better options for affordable and good sushi.
4	I'm not exactly sure why.. but I've been craving sushi A LOT lately. This is only of any importance because I used to despise sushi. Just anybody suggesting it would result in a dirty look from me. So when a group of old friends invited me to Yama Sushi, I was actually looking forward to it.There was about a 35 minute wait before we got seated (only 10 minutes for me & another friend because we were super late meeting up with the rest of the group. hehe.) Anyway, this was a surprise to me because it was a Thursday night. I would only expect this on a weekend; a good indication though, mind you.The inside is pretty small. It was cramped, actually. The tables are separated by mini room dividers. I didn't mind this at all because I wasn't there to be close & intimate with anybody.. but the table next to us might have appreciated more separation from our group. We were pretty rowdy. Lol. The servers barely had any maneuvering room. I'm sure they've knocked a few people in the back of the heads before. As any person with any bit of common sense would do, we all got the AYCE. At $23.99 for dinner, I'd say this is a pretty good deal! They had a pretty big menu. I was especially delighted when I saw BBQ ribs on the appetizers section. (I love ribs!) These were short ribs served on shredded cabbage. I probably had about 4 orders of these. So yummy! I like the fatty kind, which to me has the best flavor. They had those, along with the lean ones as well. You just get a random combo in one plate.Now on to the sushi.. honestly, I don't even really remember what we ordered. All I know was that I enjoyed 99% of it. The one that stood out to me is the No Name (#24). I remember enjoying that one the most. Everything seemed really fresh. I was looking at the ingredients and I noticed "Crunch" was used in many of the rolls.. and whatever it was, I liked it.I also tried the quail egg one. I was so excited. I grew up eating quail egg & I absolutely love it. But I wasn't told that it was gonna be raw.. maybe that's what the server meant when she stated, "Oh we have an adventurer here." I looked at it, tried it, and let's just say that it ended up balled up in napkin.Service was great. Up until we were left waiting for our server to check up on us again so we could order some more, only to have another server tell us that she left. Weird.. no one even bothered to let us know. Well the 2nd server ended up taking care of us at the end of the night and God bless her. She had to put up with one of our friends, who had an order of sushi left untouched. He was willing to pay a la carte for it, but she was nice enough to try and get it half off.. then ended up not charging him at all. Overall, this place is great. I would definitely come back and recommend it as well. Btw, don't forget your desserts! Mango & chocolate mochi ice cream and red bean ice cream! Yum!
5	I have been going to Yama sushi for over two years now and I love it! The sushi is excellent along with the friendly staff that works there. You HAVE to try the seafood salad, sun of the beach roll, and the wet dream roll. I have no complaints about this place and it is definitely worth the price. Thank you Yama!
2	Sushimon is greater than Yama sushi.Service sucks - waitress = rudeTuna (Saku tuna from Walmart) sucksDining area sucksAlthough it is the cheapest AYCE dinner sushi in Vegas, you get what you pay for. Their hamachi was decent so that's why i gave this place 2 stars. I ordered uni first, it was not until the 4th time I ordered they told me they ran out... Spend the extra 2 dollars and headway somewhere else.
5	Best Sushi I have had so far.  I crave it often and would be willing to take a drive to Vegas just to eat here.  Great value and great quality.  The last time we went the wait was 1.5 hr but totally worth it.
5	Best AYCE sushi in Las Vegas! I have been to so many places and nowhere offers a better AYCE! This is the only place that I can eat sashimi because the fish is so fresh. You have to try the seafood salad, it's so delicious! My only complaint, is that they need a bigger restaurant. Other than that this place is close to perfection for service, food quality, and pricing!
5	This place is great!This was our second visit to Yama.  We're from L.A., and it has been years since I've found an all-you-can-eat sushi restaurant that is this good overall.  So, on this trip to Vegas, I was looking forward to returning to Yama, and it was everything I had been looking for.  Note that I don't usually eat "fusion" sushi, nor all-you-can-eat or pre-prepared sushi.  My preference is for "purist" sushi, with no California Rolls or Spicy Tuna, no tempura in the rolls, and certainly no mayonnaise sauces.  I suppose I'm a bit of a sushi snob.  (Sushi in Tokyo spoiled me).  However, this place is a great mixture of quality, value, and unique rolls, and I enjoyed it thoroughly.Yama is primarily fusion -- lots of americanized rolls, many including tempura or other cooked items, but plenty with fresh fish as well.  The rolls were great, but the sushi-style pieces were quite nice as well.  I sampled Saba (mackerel), eel, white tuna, albacore, and hamachi, and all were very fresh and excellent cuts.  My wife and I also sampled many rolls, and all were fantastic.  The "palm job" ended up being my favorite "fusion-style" roll (hand-roll of soft-shell crab with eel sauce and a few other goodies wrapped in soy paper).To be clear, you're not going to come here looking for mind-blowing omakase, or purist single-piece japanese-style sushi like Echigo or Sasabune in West L.A.  That's not what this place is trying to accomplish, and you hopefully already know you're not going to find that style of sushi at AYCE.  However, Yama isn't what I would consider "AYCE quality" sushi -- it is much better.Last year we ate at a table, and service was decent (very friendly, but they're very busy so the waitresses got to you as quickly as they could, but sometimes it took a little while).  This time we sat at the sushi bar, and had a fantastic time.  Sushi chef Pauw (I'm pretty sure that was the spelling) was lightening fast, whipped up fantastic cuts of fish and beautifully presented rolls, and had a great "attitude" at his game -- a mixture of seriousness, pseudo-impatience, and "so what'll you have next?" pressure.  But a few funny remarks back and forth, and he would crack an ear-to-ear grin.  Every few minutes he would raise his hands like an orchestral conductor, beckoning the diners to call our their orders.  I'll absolutely try and get seated at his portion of the bar on my next trip!  Five stars comes from freshness, flavor, excellent value, and speed of service at the sushi bar.  Even if you're a self-described sushi-snob like me, give it a try.  It has an off-strip "neighborhood" atmosphere, and it just may surprise you.
5	Best Sushi in town!!!!
4	Waiter: So what would you like? Me: I want a happy ending with harry potter. Waiter: (Straight face) Would you also like a man whore with that? At any other place, I would probably get some weird look or a slap in the face; however, at Yama Sushi, I just get a big smile. So one of my friends recommended this AYCE sushi place to me in Vegas. At first I was extremely skeptical, considering the closest ocean to Vegas is about 6 or 7 hours away. However, when I came in and saw the huge menu, I was completely caught off guard at the quality and the selection. Addtionally, I love the back side to the menu where they have Yama's rolls which all have the most interesting names.Normal sushi: Tuna/ yellowtail/ albacore sashimi- awesomeOctopus/ squid sashimi- Not so much, too chewy for my taste Sea urchin- Tastes very fishy, not my taste, but some of our group loved it. Yama's specialty rolls:  Harry potter- It's like a garlic tempura roll- pretty awesome Happy ending- It's a tuna roll with lemon- Really tangy Man whore- It's like a Philly cheese roll- No one should ever mix cream cheese with sushi. Hot night- Very spicy- But pretty good as wellWho's your daddy- It's okay. Dessert: Green tea ice cream- awesome Mango mochi- awesome Red bean ice cream- tastes like candy All of this only cost me $27 with tip. FREAKING AMAZING, TALK ABOUT HAVING A HAPPY ENDING. Even though we had to wait for an hour it was worth it! My only gripe is the sushi isn't the most fresh and most of the rolls are hit or miss, but the selection makes up for it. Best AYCE sushi in Vegas hands down. Unfortunately, since it's an AYCE I can't ask for a happy ending to go ;D.
2	My friends from Los Angeles always want to go to this place. Surprisingly, me being a Las Vegas'ian,I haven't tired this place until just recently. Great location: near the strip, and UNLV campus with plenty of parking. This place was really packed when I went. Their staff was very attentive. However, their fish does not taste very fresh (I know, I know, its the middle of the desert right?), not only having not so tasty fish, I felt that every roll was just covered in spicy mayo. Don't get me wrong. I LOVVVVEEEE SPICY MAYO, and I welcome it on most rolls. But at Yama, every roll tasted the same due to the overwhelming taste of spicy mayo. So eating there I was left with two choices. Try and ignore the fishy taste of the real sushi, or fill myself up with mayo rolls . From now on I will make the extra drive over to Oyishi for AYCE.
5	For the first time in the history of my eating career, my appetite literally hit a wall and was in the state of FOOD COMA.  my limbs and mind became numb.  *_*AYCE sushi can both be your best friend and worst enemy.  wowza! If I slipped one more sushi in me, they would have to carry me out on a stretcher.The selection and quality here is just superb.  I'm not going to hit every single thing we got, but some things that made this place worth your time and money were how efficient the ordering was and freshness of the food.  My recommendation is to pace yourself and not over indulge.  Get the spicy seafood mix! outstanding! its got a nice balance of flavors and various raw fish! you will get your bang for the buck right hurrrr! Probably expect a wait during dinner time, service was excellent, the space was somewhat compact but manageable.  I would most definitely come back for Round 2 and get my vengeance! Sushi - 1, Man - 0
5	This place deserves more than 5 stars. The best AYCE sushi restaurant in Vegas. The fish is consistently fresh and they have good cooked food too. Sushi names are very funny...one minute man, sun of the beach, strip tease, happy ending, etc. Good rice-to-fish ratio.This place is always busy nomatter what time you come here. I'm partially to blame because whenever I have people from out-of-town come to Vegas, I always take them/ tell them about this place. Some servers do seem to get impatient with noobs so know what you want and pick 2 rolls to start of with.
4	Simple place, in a basic Vegas strip mall with a great AYCE menu. I've always been told this place is a hot spot, a favorite and always busy, and it certainly lived up to it's reputation. We were a group of 4 and amazingly walked in with no wait and were seated at a little table against the wall next to the bar.Friendly staff, and excellent service. Next time I'd love to try the sitting at the sushi bar.
5	2 words: Sea Urchin. It tasted so GOOOOOOD!I've been to other AYCE sushi places, and this is probably the best I've had so far. The texture of the Uni is soft and creamy and the portion of the sea urchin is much larger than those in other restaurants.The specialty rolls had hilarious names such as "Happy Ending" and "Man Whore," and they all tasted good. Depending on your preferences in rolls, there will always be something in the menu that will suit your palate.Another highlight of this place is the dessert. Come on now, who doesn't NOT like mochi ice cream? For those of you who are acting adventurous, I HIGHLY recommend the plum ice cream. Although the ice cream comes in different flavors such as green tea...nothing beats plum ice cream. It may seem different at first, but once you try it -- you are going to want another serving. It's sweet and leaves a better aftertaste in your mouth that far surpasses that of green tea ice cream, imo. :)The next time I go to Vegas, I am definitely coming here again.
4	It's so good! Best sushi in town!! And best price for all you can eat! Highly recommend it!
5	It was late morning on a Wednesday and the girlfriend and I were hungry for some sushi for lunch.  Consulting our ever-helpful Yelp app, Yama Sushi and its AYCE sushi popped up as an option relatively near our hotel, the Hard Rock.  We walked to the restaurant arriving a little after 11:30.  We apparently beat the lunchtime rush since most of the tables were unoccupied and the sushi bar was completely open.  We asked to be seated at the sushi bar and bellied up to the relatively small bar where we had a good view of the raw seafood and sushi making in progress. Yama Sushi's menu is comprehensive with some nigiri and other items you may not find at some of your higher end sushi joints, let alone at any other AYCE sushi restaurant.  All of the fish and seafood looked and smelled fresh as it was bright, colorful, and appropriately odorless.  As noted by others, even though Yama Sushi offers AYCE sushi, some premium items (i.e. uni and hamachi kama) are limited to a single order per person.  The uni was very fresh as evidenced by its vibrant color, texture, and lack of fishy odor.  The hamachi kama was broiled to perfection and heavenly.  In truth, there was too much goodness available for my belly to sample in one sitting.       I'm not equating Yama Sushi to a Nobu or Masa in terms of quality and freshness of its seafood, the overall execution of the food, or level of service.  That said, Yama Sushi may have provided me the best bang for my buck that I've ever received in Vegas. The fish was exceedingly fresh and flavorful.  The sushi was well made with precision and care.  Service was friendly and sufficiently attentive.  The quality, quantity, and variety of the sushi received was an incredible value and at a fraction of the price compared to the aforementioned Nobu and Masa.  Your mileage may certainly vary based on the day of the week and time of day that you go, but on this particular day and time, it was a 5-star experience.
5	I wish this was by my house. I love the rolls here and their garlic sauce. I had the Hawaii roll, the Harry Potter roll, and the Halibut. all were great love that they put a little bit of the garlic sauce on the halibut ( i could eat the halibut everyday). I would get all three again and again. I agree with Misti Y. do not sit in little side room to left of entrance. air was full tilt in there and felt like we were eating in the walk in cooler.
5	A "must eat" staple when I go to Vegas.  Never disappoints.  I've had: Sesame Chicken, Green Mussels, Soft Shell Crab, Philadelphia Roll, Shrimp Tempura Roll, Salmon Roll, Red Clam roll (so pretty), Giant Clam Roll, Yellowtail Roll, & Seawood Salad from what I can remember.  I know there's more, but I'll have to update when I remember.  When I went this visit, sounded like "No Name" was a popular roll, but I was too full to order anything else.  I have yet to find anything that I don't like...My only gripe is that its a little squishy... small place.  I've never had to wait more than 5 mins, but it is really popular, so Im positive there is a wait during busy times.
5	I can't say enough about how much I love this place!  I am now spoiled and will not eat anywhere else but here.  The only problem is that it's 4.5 hours from my house!  The drive is totally worth it! Where can you get such delicious, unique sushi rolls at only $24ish, all you can eat??  The sashimi salad is how you start and it's YUMMY!!  I save the sauce, juice, whatever it is for dipping my rolls later rather than soy sauce.  I would drink it if I could!Great service, and friendly people too.  My mouth is watering thinking about our next trip!
5	The best sushi AYCE I had so far in Vegas.  Service is quick, the sushi boss is not so friendly but very efficient.  You'll have to get used to his gruff voice and bluntness.  Advise that you go sit at the bar, you'll get to see the sushi chefs in action.For the sushi, the salmon, ahi, giant clam, salmon roe, and flying fish eggs are all good.  The spicy seafood salad was not bad either.  I could never get used to the way spicy tuna is made in Vegas compared to how it's done in Hawaii.Must visit here again on my next trip to Vegas!  Highly recommended.
5	Yummmmmm Love their sushi. I have gone here a few times its always good food.  The place is close to the Vegas strip so it is always busy.  It also is close to UNLV. The place is in a small shopping plaza atmosphere it is ok casual at best. The staff is always friendly. Took a large group of friends once had a great time. Their signature roll is the best on the menu.
5	One of the best AYCE Sushi places I've ever been to!  The restaurant is small, but you know it's good because people will wait up to an hour to eat some sushi! The AYCE menu is big and it includes dessert as well!  You have to try the seafood salad, get spicy!  The flavor is amazing and it has a fresh taste that leaves you completely satisfied.  As far as rolls go I would recommend the Man Whore (this one has cooked salmon),  Whenever I leave Yama I literally feel like I gained 10 pounds from eating so much delicious sushi.  The fish is very fresh and the rolls come out very quickly! Whether you're a Vegas local or a tourist, this place is a must!
4	We visit this place every time we go to Vegas. This is AYCE sushi place that serves sushi bar quality sushi. Try to sit by the sushi bar and ask one of sushi chefs to make "your style". Pleasant surprise.
5	As a former Seattle native, I actually mourned the loss of excellent sushi when I moved to the desert. (Don't get me wrong, I love everything else about my new home.)  Consider my experience here a full recovery! Highly recommend the "No Name" roll and the "Sun of the Beach". Also loved the double salmon. We got to sit right at the bar and watch the chefs/magicians/artists do what they do. We got front-line attention and our orders were filled promptly. The waitstaff swooped in behind us to pick up plates and whatnot - all very efficient, given that the place was PACKED.We'll be back to try everything else on the menu, and we'll bring our visiting friends - even from Seattle.
4	Small, intimate and loud, it's no wonder Yama Sushi was brimming with people on a late Saturday night. To bypass the traffic, my friend and I decided to reject the tables and plopped at the busy bar. The food was quick and portion size was generous, but the execution of the rolls left me with that "oh god, I need to run ten miles and eat only broccoli for the rest of the week" type feeling. The sushi rolls are blanketed with vile spicy mayo and sweet eel sauce; which is too bad because the rolls were nicely done. I did my best to scrape out the greasy mayo, but my efforts seemed futile. By the end, relics of mayo and rice can be seen on the plate. Not to be rude in front of sushi masters, I gulped those mayo bites down with the help of green tea. At least the spicy taste stayed intact. My friend's nigiri was fresh and proved that fish is better simple. By the end of the meal, my body was filled with jealousy when I saw patron's sashimi salad with a slaw of radishes. Damn. Curse my wandering eyes for skipping the salad section.For $22.95, this AYCE is one of the best deals in town. Servers were on point: checked in moderate intervals, refilled drinks, and handed out check without any rush. I just wish the sushi gurus were more pleasant in the beginning, but were great overall. I'll probably be back again to dabble in other rolls and salads. And request easy on the sauce.
4	Great place! I just started getting into sushi and this place has an amazing selection of rolls and dessert. I lean towards the tempura rolls and they were really good. The place is a bit small and hard to find, but definitely worth it once you start eating.
5	This is by far the best sushi in Vegas. Their salmon and Tuna is super fresh, You can't go wrong with superman or wet dream. All you can eat is also available, If you want to save a few bucks go before 3pm
5	Best all you can eat
5	I have been to quite a few AYCE sushi places in Vegas and Yama is hands down my favorite. They have a large menu and everything I tried was AMAZING. It can feel a little cramped and loud, and if you come at peak time expect to wait a while, but the food is worth it!
5	The best sushi in vegas hands down my girlfriend and i love this place
4	I LOVE this place; I am obsessed! I have literally driven across town, from my place in Henderson to get this sushi spot!  The fish and sushi is FAST, creative  and FRESH FRESH FRESH! The BEST thing about this place is that its AYCE!!!!  I have a few staples and among them I recommend the Fire Cracker Roll: Stuffed Jalepenos tempura fried with spicy mayo; GET IT if you like a little spice! (some are spicier than others). I always get two orders because four pieces is just not enough.Harry Potter Roll and Wet dream, also two of my favorites! Just be sure that if you get AYCE that you do in fact EAT IT ALL because they charge you a la carte prices for what you leave behind (shouldn't be hard because its SO GOOD)! The only reason I gave them four stars is the service, mostly lacking. They could have a wait and they won't open up certain sections and their waiters aren't the most attentive. Doesn't matter because the food here is the super star! SUPER STARRRRRR!!!! (yes, I threw in a Mary Katherine Gallagher reference)
5	This place is a "well worth it" 25 minute drive from our house...every single roll is yummy & that makes it fun to try new things. We have taken many people here and we are never disappointed! Enjoy!  :)
5	I *hated* Sushi until one fateful night I was dragged to Yama Sushi.I hadth seafood salad and I thought it was yummy. My friend informed me that it had raw fish in it, and encouraged me to try the Yama Crunch roll.Since then, I have been hooked on sushi in general. What keeps me coming back to Yama Sushi is how GOOD the rolls are! Almost every roll is like YUM OMG. The service is really good too.  I also like all the appetizers and the gyoza. Overall best Sushi place for me!
4	This place is amazing, I have been to a few places but this is by far the best. But they do not reserve seats. Yelp says they do, but they do not.
5	This is my all-time FAVORITE AYCE Sushi joint in Las Vegas.Wet Dream and Sun of a Beach will change your life and the seafood salad  will rock your socks off. I recommend coming on weekdays as weekends will have you waiting about an hours for their seafood delight.Everything on their menu is available for AYCE. You can also order half rolls (which I recommend) so you can see how truly delicious and fresh everything is.I don't recommend groups or bringing a small child. It is a small, tight place.Yama is super yummy. :)
1	this had got to be the worst sushi i have ever had..it was only mysel,f so i sit at the sushi bar.i decide to get the ayce..so the sushi dude(can't really call him a chef)just keeps making dishes for me without me ordering.i was just going to pace myself,but whatever,i figure he knows what is good..well i don't think there is  anything very good there.the only thing i actually ordered was the unagi and the dynamite.the unagi tasted like it was pre made..oh yeah, i also ordered a half  roll with unagi,cucumber and avocado which was ok.the sushi dude made me what is called a no name(half roll),which was probably the best out of everything i had.while i'm working on the dynamite and the no name,he hands me the seafood salad.(says it is really popular)well the texture of the fish was like it had been thawed and frozen, and then thawed again.yuck...i decided i was full(i couldn't stomach anymore)..the sushi guy tried to let me pay ala cart (which was nice of him once again)but the lady said that i ordered what would be more than if i ordered ala cart,even though the portions were made small for me(that's what the sushi guy said anyways).i was too tired too argue and i didnt want the sushi guy that meant well to get into trouble..so i paid..i just wanted some sushi that was close to me but you do get what you pay for i guess..but then again, i can pay the  same price for much better sushi in Hawaii..and Hawaii is not cheap by any means..i'm a small lady though and don't require a lot of food..knew i should have cooked for myself tonight.
4	This is a good spot to go if you are hungry. AYCE sushi! And they have specialty rolls you can order too. We didn't think we were going to eat so much so we didn't do the AYCE but we should have because our bill came out to more than what it would have been if we paid the AYCE. We will definetly be back next time we are in town.
5	Wow, this place is so worth cab fare!  The rolls are so well put together and delicious!   Not your 'traditional' sushi place but man do they deliver on quality.  Located in a 'reasonably sketch' part of town.. (definition of reasonably sketch; "well i don't fear for my life but that hobo screaming obscenities toward the sky is certainly looking at me funny, better mind my wallet) If you can appreciate quality sushi rolls this place is a must visit!
1	This used to be my favorite spot until Friday. Sushi smell bad and tasted horrible. To top it off, roaches were on the sushi bar and fridge area. I almost lost it...I left and told them that is nasty and would never go back.
5	My "go to" place in Las Vegas for sushi.  AYCE for $20 is pretty hard to beat since this is excellent sushi!  Lots of house rolls and the old standards.  I love the plum ice cream for desert.
4	My husband and I were in Vegas for the wknd and wanted some sushi without all the glam of the strip in Vegas. We took our chances based on location and reviews and SO Happy We did. We didn't get all fat and crazy with AYCE, but it totally would have been worth it! Very much would recommend this place!
5	BEST ayce sushi in las Vegas
3	My best friend and I were hungry, and before going back to LA we wanted something yummy. This restaurant isn't bad, but I have had some better sushi before. They had quite a few different types of rolls but a lot of it had cream cheese, or fried something which was a bit too heavy for me. One thing that I would not suggest ordering would be the UNI, it wasn't that fresh... Other than that, the food was good, the service was good. :] ENJOY!
1	I'm new to yelp, but I always hear how amazing this place is? I don't understand these reviews, I have been to this sushi place at least ten times, mainly because I like to eat all you can eat with friends. But every time I go its the same. Service is the worst, food takes forever. The food Is ok, but if the service were to improve once I would be happy. I enjoy food, having my drink refilled before I'm done, and good service. That's all I ask for and never has the service been acceptable.
5	At first I dont know whats the fuss is all about. One evening after work just before my nba fantasy draft, my fiancee has a sudden craving for a nice sushi dinner. So I decided to follow my fellow yelpers and drive my honda to the supposedly best AYCE sushi in the valley. I must say that the hype is actually meet my standard. We got in without really having to wait. The place is packed and its a really small restaurant. They have lots of server for a small restaurant and the best thing is. Everything is fast. They want you to eat full, fast and go. So they can turn and burn. Service are exceptional cos its a small place. Ur water gone, refill, your tea is lowering down, refill. Your sushis is gone, refill. Very efficient, nice sushi, fast service, reasonable price and an absolute must try.
5	I don't always eat sushi but when I do it needs to be fresh. Yama Sushi provides great sushi at a great price in Vegas. Save yourself some $$$ and go to Yama 5 minutes east of the strip. You will be happy you did.
5	We were visiting Las Vegas and I came across this place on Yelp. We had a party of 10 for lunch on a Saturday and this AYCE place did not disappoint us!  There was a small room on the side that fit our group perfectly. The quality of the fish was very good. Maybe not as good as a top tier sushi bar but far better than anything at a buffet or most other AYCE places that we've tried in Southern California. The seafood salad was especially good and reminded us of a good "poke bowl".  We tried the Salmon, Tuna, Albacore, Snapper and Yellowtail sushi in addition to just about every roll on the menu. All of the sushi and most of the rolls were very good.  The No Name roll was probably our favorite roll.  The mussel appetizer and mochi desert were a very nice touch and helped round out the meal.  Most of our group like spicy food and many of the rolls were unexpectedly spicy but I can see where that might turn off some people. $20.95 may be expensive for a typical lunch, but considering the appetite of our group and how much sushi we finished off I would consider this a pretty good deal. As mentioned by many others, the service was very good and fast with the waitress giving us a couple of nice recommendations.  The only drawback is that I can't come back for lunch until the next time I'm in town!  I can't wait to hit this place again on my next sojourn to Sin City!
5	I know I'm writing this review kind of late. But every time  we come to Vegas we make it a priority to stop at this place. The first time we came to this restaurant was summer 2010, on a fluke as of there was a bank and a grocery store right by there. So as we ran into the bank and the store real quick we decided to grab a bite to eat , the all you can eat sushi sign attracted us so all of us ordered it. I wasn't really expecting much from an "all you can eat sushi" spot but let me tell you that place is the s*it!! The rolls are sooo delicious, my fav ones are the wet dream and the man whore rolls! and the seafood salad was the bizness (super good lol), one of the best salads I've ever had, I literally wanted to drink the dressing. Now you dont have to get the all you can eat special, you can always order seperate dishes as well, but youll be missing out.The second time we came to Vegas summer 2011 we had came to this restaurant on 2 separate days. We couldn't get enough of this place. We were celebrating my 24th bday that weekend  and some of the girls I was with had mentioned it to the waitress. I really didn't think they were going to do anything special for me but soon after they had told her they brought out a mochi cake with candles and the whole waitressing staff sung happy bday to me. They made me feel so special and loved. Soon after that the owner came out and chatted with us a bit, in my eyes this restaurant can do no wrong! Excellent food, great service.. Overall very good experience , jus wished they had one in San Diego!
5	Yummy as usual.  We have no problem making the trek from NLV in order to get the best sushi in LV.  We always start with the seafood salad and son of a beach then make our way from there.  If you find a better place than Yama, let me know so I can give it a shot.
5	Referred here by a local examiner - Awesome service - great food and fresh sushi!   Could tell it was a hit when we walked up to a strip mall next to an Albertson's and there was a line out the door - 30-40 min wait!      A true diamond in the rough!    Perfectly cut sushi - super fresh and a great atmosphere!    A+ in my book!
2	Quality of the sushi is generally good (Nobu it's not).  However, the Uni I had gave me food poisoning.  It looked old when I was served it and I still stupidly ate it.  Any sushi chef that serves a questionable product should cause everyone to think about eating there.
4	Came here for the first time with a co worker at lunch! I will totally be back!  The all you can eat lunch special is well worth it!  The firecracker roll is a MUST! SO good!  It is a rather small place, and the seating does tend to feel a little on top of each other, but the service was fast and the food made up for it!  It did seem to draw a large lunch crowd, to get there somewhat early!
4	Im definitely a fan of this place. I've had one bad experience here, but the rest have been okay or better.The bad experience: it was a slow week day, there had to have been only 3 tables occupied.. And service was slow. unbelievably slow. They kept messing up our orders, they even forgot some of our orders.. seriously? how could you do that when you only had a few customers in the restaurant? The good: On good days, they make our sushi pretty fast.. surprisingly. And they do try to be attentive with orders and requests.They advertise on yelp that they take reservations... I dont know about that. Maybe if you were having a big party you could ask to reserve this little space they have near their entrance. I'm just guessing, I dont exactly know for sure because as far as I know, I asked if we could reserve a table when I first started going here and they informed me it was first come first serve.Price.. It's decent. It's pretty much around the same price as other sushi places I've been at.Service.. I'd rate it as average.If I had to recommend a dish to try, I would recommend the sun of the beach. One of their most popular dishes. If you dont like salmon though, I'd skip on this.I'd say if you're hungry and you want to eat right away dont come on their busy nights.. you know friday, saturday nights.. They get pretty packed. And you could be waiting for a really long time. If you're by yourself, you could probably get lucky and get squeezed in at the sushi bar... other than that, you have been warned.
4	A small sushi place by Flamingo and Maryland Pkwy. You have to get here early (any day) or else you will be waiting for at least 30 minutes. We arrived here at around 5:50pm and the place was already almost full. We got seated right away at the bar. Ordered the following (that I can remember):Spicy Seafood Salad - the BOMB! It was soo good!Nigiris - okay. Although some of the fish that I've tasted we're not that fresh. Who's your daddy roll - it was good but nothing out of the ordinarySoft shell crab - yummyTempura - ordinaryService was good and everyone was very attentive. Their price isn't bad too for AYCE, it's only $23.75 for dinner compared to other places who charges $27-29.We will be back!
4	All you ca eat sushi,Good price in Las Vegas, Missing one star cause Service should be more improved. I ordered a cup of water, it never came until I called the waiter 3 times.
2	I use to come here every other week because the food tasted  great and loved their service.Recently went there and everything went down the drain. Our server rarely comes and check up on us. I always find a piece of hair on my sushi. I don't know if it's just bad luck but that's very gross. I've experienced this twice already. Once I saw this foil wrapper still there on the fish sushi i ordered. When I told the server, she just gave me this look like someone have said the same thing before look. Overall this place is alright.
3	Place was okay but I've been spoiled by other places.Just beware -- some of the rice is flavored with what I could swear is apple cider vinegar instead of rice vinegar.What the...?The waitress took it back, though, and tried to make things right.
5	I recently went to Las Vegas to celebrate Thanksgiving for a change of pace. My sister lives just outside of the strip, and as we joked about how to properly expand our stomachs for Thursday's impending feast, she raved about Yama Sushi. I've never been to an all you can eat Sushi place with such high quality rolls. The food was great, brought out to the table as it was made. The service was wonderful, and again, the food was great. I think I took care of 35 pieces before I called uncle. Uncle was impressed. Somehow I saved room for dessert, and the interesting ice cream flavors were a nice contrast to the pounds of raw fish and rice I had eaten. I vow to return each time I'm in Sin City to indulge in the sin of gluttony. Sweet, delicious, gluttony.
3	I'm a frequent AYCE'r at Sumo Sushi II, but I had a friend in town from Reno who wanted some sushi. Since he was staying on the strip I didn't feel like taking him to the SW part of town so I yelped for something closer to the strip.We got there around 7pm on a Monday and it was packed which is always a good sign. Since we didn't mind sitting at the bar, we got seated right away. I prefer this because you can always have the attention of the sushi chef and get served right away.The food was delicious and there was plenty of options. I ate all the yellowtail until my belly was content. The staff was very attentive taking the dirty dishes away.However, my -2 star review has to do with the sushi chef we had. He was the only Hispanic chef there and at the beginning he was very nice and accommodating. Towards the end he completely changed, he must have got irritated with us because my friend and I H-A-T-E spicy food. We ordered the seafood salad and the options on the menu were (none, mild, spicy) we told him we didn't want it spicy, so do what you do. He rolled his eyes at us like it was an unusual request. Then he gave me a sample fish (I had no idea what he was doing) and then put sauce in a bowl and handed it over. However, he didn't let go....we were trying to pull the bowl down and he didn't let go... It was like a struggle!!! So I ended up bringing up my fish to the bowl and took a sample of the sauce. Did he think we were going to run off with his sample sauce??? After that shit, it was just awkward. My friend was like, "wtf???" Pretty sure I'm not going to wrestle with the sushi chef for a sauce sample. There was also a language barrier, I had no idea what he was saying.I would go visit again, but I would definitely avoid the Hispanic sushi chef.
4	I was craving sushi badly and didn't even care if I had to go by myself to get it. So I hit up yelp, which OF COURSE, never fails me and found Yama Sushi. All of my friends had already been to it without inviting me (uh!) so I decided to see what all the fuss was about.Loved. It. I went in to a fairly empty restaurant and sat at the almost full bar. My only, only complaint is that this place is so unnecessarily noisy. I don't know if it's acoustics or rudeness, but it really needs to tone down. I sat next to two of the rudest people I believe I've ever sat near. They chewed with their mouth open, talked so loud that when I took a phone call my best friend said she'd call back when SHE could hear ME. Bad, bad.Other than that, the service was spectacular and the sushi was delicious. I had some albacore (fresh!), a little edamame (a little overcooked), some fiery sushi, some soft shell crab, and rols, rolls, rolls. I loved it all! I really couldn't stop eating and I'm not one to gorge generally. This place made me! I swear!The final bite was mango mochi. Yum-my. It was the perfect ending to a perfect meal. I am definitely heading back to this AYCE soon!
4	Thee best AYCE sushi! You can literally have ANYTHING on their menu; no restrictions.Cost:for lunch time ayce $20.95 / personWhat's good:- seafood salad (mild or spicy) ---- MUST HAVE- no name roll --- MUST HAVE- deep fried mussels- green mussels- sun of the beachNo bueno:- plum ice cream --- tastes like medicine- grand canyon, or golden canyon- anything with cooked salmon on top --- salmon is dry
1	Ok ... So I have to start by saying, I once LOVED Yama. The seafood salad was to die for! I will never be back and would advice other to not go as well, unless they re-locate. I was at lunch with a friend and we noticed the fish was a little off, but didn't think much of it. We finished our lunch and had just paid when we noticed something run across the sushi bar. I just shook it off as if I was seeing things until I saw another cockroach run to meet is buddy!
3	Best sushi I ever had. Then again I'm from the Midwest so probably not the best judge. Al you can eat sushi was about $25. Well worth it, just make sure to try and eat every thing as its made as you order. I heard they may charge you more if you just waste food. I started doing half orders now that I go solo when I get the craving. But I recommend starting with the seafood Salad. Mmmmmhhhm. I went from a hater to a lover of sushi because of Yama. I wish I could give this a 5 star but honestly, I've only had like 10 different sushi places and never on the coast. Plus after watching "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" an awesome documentary on Netflix, I now believe there is a better sushi out there that will blow my mind... Not in the desert though.  This film gave  me a better understanding and deeper appreciation for sushi. Japan is in the bucket list to enjoy the best Sushi in the planet!  Till then Yama is the best in the South West and only one for me in Vegas.
4	Yelp has this one pegged well!!  Yama's got it figured out. The only comment I can add is they need to raise their prices!!  The meal I had (both quality and quantity) can easily command a $40-50 ticket. Well done Yama Sushi!!!
5	My favorite!!!! Have yet to be disappointed. And everyone is so nice!
4	Went in and the place was packed.  That's a good sign.  After an acceptable wait (Sunday afternoon) got two places at the bar.Talk about FAST service.  We would give the chef an order and bam, it was there in a few minutes.  The only things that took a bit longer were the gyoza and bbq ribs.Sushi was good.  Best ever?  No, but you don't go to an all you can eat joint for the best sushi ever.  Above par?  Definitely.Good assortment of rolls.  I like the half roll size, so you don't get stuck with something that sucks.Strip Tease roll and 007 roll were great.  There was a Palm something or rather that I highly recommend as well.As a plus (and some places don't do this) but you get Mochi included.  A perfect way to end the meal!
3	Went in at 2pm on a Friday afternoon and the place was packed. We got the last 2 seats available!! The sushi was alright, I didn't t care for the rice, it was on the hard side. I highly, HIGHLY recommend the seafood salad!! Cuts of fresh fish on rice noodles, yum!! Our first sushi chef was very rude & unfriendly but the guy who took over for him was very friendly. Word of advice, if it says "spicy" THEY MEAN IT!!!!! Overall, eh. Very cramped & crowded. I would go back again specifically for seafood salad and another perk, their entire menu is included in AYCE which is $20.95 until 3 and then $23.95 afterwards. I wouldn't wait to eat here but if I was in the area again may pop in.
4	Been to Yama twice and both times were awesome! My husband and I ordered the all you can eat sushi. The sushi were quite delicious and they also had a variety. Will definitely recommend.My only complaint is that the price for the children's all you can eat was the same as the adults.
5	Great service, they're pretty fast! It's by far the best ayce sushi place I've been to. Presentation is amazing. 2 words SEAFOOD SALAD!!
4	Rules to eating AYCE sushi:Wear stretchy pantsAvoid ordering rollsArrive hungryPace yourselfDon't fill your stomache by drinking too much H2OI usually don't order their appetizers because most of the items on the list are just fillers, but their sashimi salad is amazing.
5	5 words ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI. No name sushi is a must try! AYCE is not limited to the sushi you can have just about anything from that menu. The food is delicious a must eat in Vegas come hungry and you will leave happy.
3	I recently came here with my girls and had a sushi roll fest. All of the rolls ordered were very delicious and not overly "ricey". I ordered some of the nigiri and they were fresh as well but the item on the menu that brought it home was the yellowtail collar. It was delicious! Would come here again for some girls night out before hitting the clubs.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Sushi Yama!!Every time I am in Vegas, I make sure that I get my sushi fix at this hot spot. There was even a point in time where I was too cheap to take the taxi from the strip and took the bus to this place instead which I do not recommend over the summer when it was scalding hot. Around NYE, I brought my brother and cousins here and we all enjoyed our food. Everyone was specially raving about their seafood salad! Yummy!!  The complaint my company had is that the sushi comes one by one and not all at once which is also a good thing because it ensures that the sushi is fresh and so we don't get full too fast. We were nearing our 2-hour limit so we had to stuff our faces on the last 20 minutes. FYI: their AYCE includes EVERYTHING on the menu unlike other AYCE places where you are limited to just their sushi. I will come back again Sushi Yama! Until then!
5	Love their spicy seafood salad! its always fresh and is the best! best AYCE sushi joint ive been to! Its where we go every time we are in Vegas and thats quite often!
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. I have been going here for years. My sister & brother in law introduced me to Yama Sushi and I just don't think any other place out here in Las Vegas compares. The food is heavenly. The service is great. I always leave a very happy & super filled customer. I recommend the WET DREAM ( my favorite roll), No Name, Snow in Vegas and you HAVE TO HAVE the seafood salad.Yama's is hands down THE BEST AYCE sushi spot in Vegas!
5	Great food never had a problem here. All you can eat is an amazing price too only $24.00, you can't beat it! Highly recommend this sushi restaurant.
5	This was my first time eating at this restaurant. I absolutely loved it! We came here when it first opened for lunch. We instantly knew this place was popular because it became packed very quickly. I loved the all you can eat menu. I pretty much ate until I was about to explode. I ordered mostly raw stuff and must say it was really good. My favs were the handrolls. Our orders came out pretty fast and the waitress was very attentive. This place will be a routine pit-stop the next time I'm in town.
4	One of the best ayce sushis so far. Great service, the waitress gave us extra pitchers of drinks, napkins, wasabi without asking. The place isn't big but they accommodated our party of 16 guys with no problem. I would definitely recommend this spot. It's off the strip a little but only about 5-10 minute drive
4	Very very good sushi consider it is an "all you can eat" spot. I find the quality of fish is usually sub par when AYCE is offered, but Yama sushi fish was fresh. This could possibly be because of how busy this tiny spot gets. Service was decent even during full house and they did not hesitate to keep bringing my guest and I our tuna sushi even though we were ordering 10 orders at a time. One star was lost because of how tight quarters the tables are and everything does tend to feel rushed. Be prepared to wait for your table even on a weekday.
5	WE CRAVE YAMA!!! I am actually so hung up on Yama that I am tempted to drive from California to Vegas just to get my fix. I can't find anywhere else like it since moving back from Japan almost two years ago. We visit my in-laws in Vegas and every time we do, we have to have sushi from Yama. Where do I start, the food is fresh, the staff is prompt and the menu is exciting and hilariously perverted!! It can get a little crowded, but a crowd won't hold me back from getting my Yama grub on!!! Me love Yama long time!
5	Everytime we're in Vegas we make a special trip to Yama for their awesome all you can eat sushi..  Best deal in town!!
4	I was on vacation here and was craving for some sushi. So I asked my cousin who lives here to take me to a really good sushi place. When we got here it was packed with a crowded outside the pretty small restaurant. We decided to wait since we drove quit a while to get here. Oh man every thing we ordered was no disappointment. It has been three weeks since I ate there and I am still craving for their food!! For sure when I visit my family again I will make sure that is one of my pit stop. can't wait!
4	I love YAMA! Great sushi spot and so happy that I've now moved closer to the location. I absolutely love their seafood salad. Great AYCE menu. The wait can be quite a turn off but if you go with a party of two or solo the seating is timeless. I haven't gone to the location and it be empty....there's a wait if you go when they open or right before they close. The staff is friendly and the food is great. What more can you ask for??
3	th eonly thing i love here is the harry potter roll!
4	My second time eating  there and the food was great again. We sat at the sushi bar and the service was fast, but the place was PACKED on a Saturday night. The wait would have been 45 minutes to an hour for a table and I heard them tell a group of 8 it would more like hour and a half.The bar would normally be ok, but I think they squeezed in a few more bar stools and everyone was cramped and dumping I into each other while eating.Over all...I loved the food and will definately go back, just not on a Saturday night.
5	Yama has always been a favorite of mine.  The staff there although busy tries their hardest to keep you content and happy.  I always get the dancing in the sheet and the sun of the beach rolls.  Also never pass up the small dishes.  LOAD UP ON TEMPURA because it is oh so good. Their Seafood salad is off the chart as well, only catch is one order per person.  For an AYCE place I most def recommend it.
5	So good. So damn good. This is where I go if I want some good ass sushi. I was here on Saturday night, I was wearing brown pants and a flannel. I ate a superman roll and a wet dream.
2	The only reason this place even gets a second star is for the soy paper hand roll I had and loved!! Ok so lets start at the beginning, my friend raved about this place so I went with her one day, the wait wasn't long but once we got inside I instantly got nauseous, they sat us in the corner at the bar and as if the place wasn't small enough already they have tons of seats stuffed together, I was fighting for space between the wall and the family at the table behind me... Now maybe I caught them on a bad day but when we walked in it smelled like burnt tempura and after ordering a couple rolls I wasn't impressed, then I order a soy paper hand roll and my friend orders a baked roll. After about 15 min I have finished my hand roll and my friend is still waiting for her baked roll which we can smell burning in the oven in front of us... Now they changed shifts and no one knows her baked roll is in the oven until we ask for a new one . When he pulls out the baked roll it was literally incinerated which was expected seeing as it was in there about 20 min by the time it was taken out... Nothing I repeat nothing smells worse then burnt sushi, it smelled like what I would expect a dead body to smell like... Not only was the food under par but the service was horrible, the waitress couldn't even get close to us due to the crowdedness so I felt like I was yelling at her and I never once got a refill on my drink. Needless to say I will never go back... One other problem I had was if I'm paying $25 for Japanesse food I would like authentic sushi made by a Japanese person... It was the sushi version of a Panda Express!!
5	4 of us went there after reading the Yelp reviews.  We went on Saturday night and waited about 1 hr and got seated at 8pm. totally worth the wait.   We ordered about 10 of the specialty rolls but the best dish was the seafood salad - so much fresh fish - we ordered two of them. We even topped it off with red bean ice cream and mochi.  Totally worth the $23.95!! I'm definitely coming back here again when I am back in Vegas!
4	Very good but a couple steps from fabulous.  All you can eat 24.00. Wait a little long
1	Sushi was terrible, do not order the Uni, it was discolored (dark brown) and spoiled, the chef still served it to me, WTF you expect me to eat that. Dude RULE #1, you should not poison your customers and never serve then spoiled food! The sushi chef, old guy with the dirty kung fu mustache did not care about  the customers, he acted annoyed by everyone, it showed that he hated his job, YOU SHOULD QUIT THEN! Try the other AYCE, they at least won't try to kill you! Go to Sushi Mon or Goyemon 100X better AYCE then this place, both in food and service.
1	Great costumer service!! Not good sushi !!
4	Yama Sushi is one of my favorite AYCE sushi locations in the Las Vegas area. They have a pretty good selection of different types of sushi to try out and all are quite delicious! I don't care much for the names, but some of my favorite ones include "Kiss the A**" ,"Double Dragon" and the baked salmon rolls (these take a while to make but well worth the wait). Be prepared for long waits, especially at peak hours of lunch and dinner. Service could be a little faster at times which is why I gave 4 instead of 5 stars. But hey, they are usually quite busy, so at times I can understand, but there was one occasion where they forgot to get my family one of the sushi dishes we ordered. Overall, a great place, and great AYCE sushi. Their side dishes, like the seafood salad, is something to try if you're also into raw seafood salads. Please check this place out if you're in Vegas or are in town visiting. It's a few miles east of the strip on the corner of Maryland Pkwy and Flamingo Rd, next to Albertsons supermarket.
5	Always amazing!! What sets Yama Sushi apart from other sushi restaurants,  is the rice, its always so light and fluffy, its cooked so perfectly it highlights the fish. The fish is so fresh and they always have new fun specials. Go for the all you can eat, its worth it. Usually a 15-20 minute wait, but again, worth it.
5	This is the best AYCE joint I've eaten at.  Fish quality may not be up to par with the best sushi places in town, but as far as AYCE goes, this place can't be beat.  Nigiri is delicious.  Good quality fish, nice cuts, and perfect rice.Also, love their rolls: Harry Potter, No Name, most everything on the menu for that matter!Only downside to this spot is that they do not accept reservations.  I've waited as long as an hour at peak times to get seated, which would be ridiculous if this weren't so good.
5	We decided to try a sushi bar away from the strip and were not diasppointed.  The fish was great, and so were the rolls we ordered.  Seafood salad was delicious.Since it was our first time, we tried different rolls than the normal ones we get at our local sushi bar in Los Angeles.Price is reasonable and comparable to what we pay at our local bar.Will definitely be going back.
1	Sorry dudes. I've always loved this place, and the last couple times I was not as stoked on the service and I wrote it off as maybe my host or server were having a bad day, but after today, I will say to all my clients, all the folks who come to get tattooed in my tattoo shop, and my good friends who own reputable tattoo shops to spread the word to NOT to go to Yama. I live on the Southwest side of town and there are many sushi places closer than Yama but I had pushed my brother to make the long drive to go to Yama. My brother and I have gone to Yama quite a bit in the past, so we have our rolls we are familiar with. My brother had gone in an hour and a half before closing and the chefs had made a joke to the hostess to tell them to leave. My brother had ordered for his girlfriend and he some rolls he is familiar with. He told me that he thought the first roll was spicy and it wasn't supposed to be, the next one was so spicy when he got home his mouth was still on fire. He told them that he felt as though they were making their rolls purposely spicy in order to punish them for coming in later in the evening . When he voiced his opinion to the manager and host that he was not being treated with respect, they had suddenly forgotten how to speak English.They literally left a terrible taste in his mouth and a figurative one in mine. This single experience will influence my opinion, and those of my clients and many of the people I know, of how Yama treats their customers. Sorry guys, but in my line of work I can't afford to lack respect for anyone, no matter how lazy I am feeling. Word of mouth goes a long way, and with the platform that Yelp offers, word of mouth and reviews will greatly effect the business you will do in the future. I will guarantee you today, that it will effect it in a negative manner.Regards,Eric.
5	Brief: Great fresh sushi, usually a wait, No Name roll!One of my favorite sushi places in Vegas. YUM! There's such a variety and for those who don't like the extra sauces and papers there are more plain rolls that are just as tasty and fresh. If there's anything worth mentioning is about Yama is that the fish is always fresh!
4	This place is possibly Vegas' best kept secret. Their sushi is amazing and original, making the fact that its all you can eat a huge bonus and pleasant surprise.Service here is always fast and efficient, but they definitely run a tight ship and if you eat close to closing time they'll make you feel rushed and unimportant.Overall a strong experience both times, and the value makes this a can't miss.
5	As soon as I'm told a sushi place is "all you can eat," I don't know whether I should be scared or excited. This place, however, is great! I recommend getting half rolls and trying a wider variety. The "One Minute Man" is delicious. This place is always busy, so be prepared to wait.
5	Best AYCE SUSHI I've ever been to for such an amazing price!Get the No Name roll & most of their yam rolls are pretty great!Downside is their service is alittle subpar cuz they rushed us when we were there but its still totally worth the money for such awesome sushi!Totally recommend it!
4	pretty good sushi.  i always get nervous when they say they will charge you for uneaten sushi though.  hahaha
5	Yama.. you never disappoint and tonight was no exception! The best customer service, friendliest waitresses and awesome sushi chefs! I'm thankful for the AYCE menu because I'm able to try something new every time but my favorite is always the Yama Crunch roll.
4	good but too busy
2	Never Coming Back.Honestly, as sushi, it wasn't that great.  I really don't know if 1/2 of the people reviewing about this restaurant have eaten a lot of sushi before but it just wasn't that good, for the price.  I left feeling that I have had better sushi in Vegas.   This is just the food, which was about a 3 to be honest.  The real deal breaker for me was the service.1.  Usually servers come around to ask if we need anything (at least ask if we needed more water).  We got NONE of that.  Sure they were busy, but we were in there for about an hour and got nothing besides the initial questions when we were seated.2.  The Chefs were arrogant and rude (even though we did tip them upfront).  They didn't acknowledge our presence.  When we ordered, they rarely gave us a response and didn't know stuff was heard until it came.  Not even a nod or a grunt.  I understand work is work and they may be busy, but this is unacceptable.  3.  My family left with a bad aftertaste.  The experience was far from enjoyable and in many ways, was very uncomfortable/awkward.  The ambiance was mediocre, kinda  a hole in the wall, but that wasn't important.  The food was not that good as so many people on yelp hyped about and the service was borderline rude.   SAVE YOUR MONEY FOR SOMEWHERE BETTER.
2	Overrated.I had better, I don't get what's the hype all about. Service was rude. The chefs and waitresses acted like they hated their job and also hated everyone. At least at work, act the part. I left disappointed and kind of upset. Food was mediocre. Nothing special. Moving on.
4	Excellent sushi Restaurant in Vegas, Location is great if you're staying on the strip... The food is great and their service is fast! The place is very small so there is wait times for awhile!!
4	Great sushi! Great value. Only reason it's not 5 stars was service. We had to wait a while for our orders, and a couple of time our waitress disappeared. Still, overall a great experience. Also, the half roll option is a GREAT option. It lets you try a little of everything and still have room for seconds of your favorites. We WILL be back for sure. We'll just order more rolls and order more before the first round is gone to decrease the wait time!
4	Woot! I'm a fan! I often will hit up Yama after a big workout to get some quality grub and nourishment in my belly!  For around $27 per person, it's not going to break the bank and like most AYCE places, it's everything included.. Rolls, hand rolls, Sashimi, Nigiri, Dessert... Beer and adult beverages are additional, but I don't often partake in Day drinking after the gym.. though it's been know to happen.. OK maybe ONE beer... for the carbs..Anyway, it's near UNLV and as a result seems to be popular with the local student population, and it's popular with my group of friends too. check it out.  Happy Eating!
3	I've had both A-OK experiences at Yama and sub-par experiences at Yama. It really depends on the day and time that you go.For me, there is one chef who seems to remember my friend and I, so we get a good meal whenever he is working. Bar sitting is a must here, you get much better service and it's not as cramped as the tables.The fish is standard for AYCE. I usually just stick with nigiri, one of everything! I have been partial to the masago/quail egg combo as well.For the price and location, Yama Sushi is alright. Don't go here during busy times though, the wait can be long and they want to rush you outta there.
5	Sure the wait sucks, and there is almost always a wait.  But what might that tell you?  Service once you get in the door is AMAZING, and the food is never a disappointment.  Best kept secret off the strip
3	I know it's an ayce sushi joint and not to expect amazing sushi but I thought the fish wasn't as good as the other ayce places in Vegas. It was packed when I went and the tables are a little too close to each other. I felt we were eating with the party next to us. They were nice and friendly and we ended up talking to them anyway but usually, I like my space at restaurants.Despite their so-so sushi, their hot foods were pretty good especially their deep fried mussels and hamachi kama. I would come back for that. Service wavered between good and ok. We were greeted and seated right away but at times, I was wondering where the server was to put in our extra orders.I think I'll just stick to the ayce sushi joints in my hood, SW Vegas.
5	If you dont mind your personal bubble being invaded in this tight hole in the wall but looking for awesome sushi, look no further!! Yama sushi is VERY compact and I'd imagine it would be similar to living in Japan but they sure do deliver.Service is very important to me and they are friendly upon seating and promptly asked for our drinks ( 3 servers asked us for drinks lol). Once we ordered, our first roll came within minutes. They checked on us regularly unlike other sushi places who neglect to see if you'd like anything else to order when eating AYCE.
5	I've been here twice. Both times it was a great experience. The food was delicious and the service was quick and efficient considering how busy it was. Be prepared to wait at least 30 mins during dinner time. For the people who left a negative review, I dont think you should be complaining when you're paying $25 for ALL YOU CAN EAT sushi. C'mon seriously, if you want top notch quality sushi, go somewhere else and pay the price for it. It just doesn't make sense. If anything I thought the quality was awesome for the price I paid.
1	Ok, maybe I'm spoiled with Sushi Mon and Goyemon, but this place was horrible! I would have given it no stars, but they did serve fried soft shell crab a la carte. Wait is ridiculously long, and service sucked. My boyfriend and I both did the AYCE option. I ordered 2 orders of our usual such as uni, sweet shrimp, tuna, salmon, yellowtail, eel, scallop, etc. I paid attention to the menu as it said "each order has 2 pieces."  What comes out 20 minutes later?  2 pieces of each fish I ordered, I was expecting 4 pieces. After we ate everything in about 5 mintues, we had to wait another 10 before our waitress came back. She just ignored our empty plates, maybe she was hoping we wouldn't want anything else and we would leave. I asked her about the other half of our order, like were they saving that for a 2nd round or something? And she said, no, each order is one piece, so at this point i'm confused and pull out the menu that says each order has 2 pieces. She said the menu was wrong and we only get 1 piece. So at this point I reorder everything and ask for 2 more orders of soft shell crab. I still only get one. I wonder if she thought I was the only one eating as I was the only one ordering. The only two good items was the fresh yellowtail and the the soft shell crab a la carte. The other sushi items were so so, the scallop was not good, and the shrimp heads were so tough, the exoskeleton wasn't even fried completely so it made for a very tough to chew and cut up your mouth bite. This place seemed so popular with a 30 minute wait on friday night, but maybe it's their regular menu that's good. It doesn't matter, as I won't be back.
1	I will never return to this restaurant. Worst experience ever!!!!I've been here a couple times and they have horrible service. A friend decided to take me to Yama. First off its super packed. Then they stick us in a table in the back  between the restrooms and the kitchen. We had about 5 different waiters the whole night and only because I would have to keep calling any waiter that passed by. They messed up my order twice and still blamed me for it. I decided I was not going to tip this place. One of the waitresses came up to me and insulted me by saying I did not have enough money to tip them. I wish she would have told me this before I paid for my meal. I walked out very upset. And to make it any better , when I got home , I had food poisoning and threw up all the food. I highly do not recommend this place.
4	Teeny tiny, but worth the wait! The fish is always fresh at this place, and they have a great selection of specialty rolls. The all-you-can-eat is a decent price, and includes the most AMAZING seafood salad. I could eat that stuff all day! Would give 5 stars if they included at least some sashimi in AYCE and/or improved their selection. There is always a line outside, and it's a bit cramped, but only because all the locals know how awesome it is.
5	Good place to have sushi in LV
4	Another AYCE sushi! Be prepared to wait for a table wait to order and wait for your check. Food pretty good not the greatest but good. At lest the food came out in a timely manner. All the sushi was fresh. The uni was awesome!  Have to say worth the  wait!
5	A good portion of my student loans went to paying for sushi at Yama when I was in law school. This place was where I developed my love for sushi, so it has a special place in my heart. Notwithstanding my emotional attachment to Yama, I still feel that this is the best AYCE sushi in Las Vegas.The restaurant is very cozy, as they have a small space to work with. It can get very busy, deservedly so because the sushi is amazing. If I had to recommend something to order, it would definitely be the seafood salad. You can only order one per sitting because it's one of the "special" items on the menu. Understandably so. If I had the ability to, I'd order only seafood salads and put Yama out of business. Also, if you get the seafood salad, order it spicy.
3	Each time my wife suggests that we come here, I am conflicted due to previous experiences. Let me start by saying that this is one of the best sushi restaurants in Vegas in terms of the food quality and taste. The problem is that their service is one of the worst in town. Today's visit is unlike other recent ones: good food and horrible service. The waiting staff and the management seem to rest on the laurels of the restaurant's food. It's annoying; but our reasons for coming here are likely no different than those patrons standing in line for the Soup Nazi.
5	This is five stars for the AYCE, not for a la carte. $20.95 lunch Came here for AYCE and it was delicious! Some AYCE joints don't offer appetizers and desserts on the menu, but Yama does. Sat at the counter with a party of four, and unless you're looking for more privacy, I'd recommend the counter. You can order rolls straight from the chef rather than through the server. The seafood salad is pretty much a typical sashimi salad without the abundance of greens. Rather, it sat on a bed of radish strings. Would recommend. Nigiri is also on the menu and for AYCE, the hamachi was pretty good. A few items have a limit of one per customer such as the uni, amaebi, and seafood salad...understandable. Some of my favorite rolls were the Mad Dragon (although super eel sauced) and No Name. Note that you can order HALF rolls for some of them...and if you sit at the counter you can actually talk to the sushi chef if he talks to you first =] calls for fun and giggles. Pauw made our rolls and he was pro awesomeness. They have a lot of rolls with mayo or cream cheese which isn't my preference, but if you like that this is def the place for you. It's good in moderation, but definitely not for AYCE. Of course it isn't ALL mayo or cream cheese, just saying it's more than what I am used to seeing on a menu. Finish off with cucumber salad, refreshing...then some ice cream (which was average) or mochi ice cream!
3	OK, I feel a bit dumb and outdated... Came here at lunch time hoping to eat a small sushi plate not realizing that it was and all you can eat place. It's only now that I write this review that I realize that AYCE written in other reviews mean just that! I guess that I was born way sms and I never did catch-up to this common use of acronyms.In any case, there is "a la carte" menu here but the price of just a few individual items brings the bill up to more than the price of the "AYCE" which was around $21 for lunch and around $25 for dinner. However, this is good sushi and the set price actually include nigiri with the limitation that you can have only one order of the more expensive ones. The orders are two pieces but the pieces are generous and there is enough variety to only eat nigiri is that's what you prefer (I tend to prefer nigiri has the ratio fish/rice is much higher and it's tastier according to my own taste). Not the highest quality sushi I ever had but quite nice and a good deal if you are hungry (I wasn't that much and ended eating too much).
4	Try the palm job and the happy ending....they're amazing!
5	Love this place - awesome deal on delicious sushi
4	Sushi is fresh, service is awesome! Must try!!!!
5	I was in Vegas last week with my favorite sushi buddy, so I turned to my handy-dandy Yelp App to find the best sushi in town. That's how I came across Yama Sushi which has made to order AYCE sushi!!.... So we hop in a cab and head over. It is off the strip, but I think that's what made it so great. Yama Sushi is an obvious favorite of the locals and was very reasonably priced. For $23 each, we both got two rolls each, three different appetizers, sashimi,  and ice cream. We were definitely stuffed. Next time I need a sushi fix in Vegas, I will definitely return to Yama Sushi!! You can't find anything like this on the strip....
5	Expect a wait but great food!!!
2	Let me start out by saying I've been going to Yama for the past 10 years and over the past few years while the sushi has remained the best in town the service has declined tremendously. The past few times I've gone I've said it would be the last but I keep going back for my favorite rolls The No Name, The Sun of the Beach, and The Double Dragon but after this past time I really mean it when I say I won't ever be back. I ordered the all you can eat and wasn't as hungry as usual I guess so I had about 4 pieces of Sushi left. My server told me if I didn't finish my food I would get charged extra. I let her know I've been eating there for 10 years and have spent a ton of money there and have brought several new people there but she didn't care she told me that I better eat all of my food or I will be charged for it! I couldn't eat another bite so I'm sorry to say that the sushi went into the bathroom garbage.
5	This is the only Sushi joint that is able to give my mouth multiple orgasm explosions! LOLWaiting time could be up to 45 minutes long but they are totally worth it, I always choose to get the AYCE and go with the half plates so that I am able to sample multiple sushi rolls at a time. But my all time favorite has to be the man whore.Their hot Sake goes great with the meal along with some hot green tea. Every time I leave they keep me wanting more! I've never had a problem with any of the staff members, they're always very friendly and joke around with you. Service and food here never disappoint me.
3	I thought it was average, mainly because of the price.  ayce sushi is hard to give a bad review unless the quality is just horrible.  I hated the fact that they only allow one order per person on certain items, like the Uni.  also, like other ayce sushi places they require you to eat the rice that comes with your piece you order, so there is no sashimi, and you cant just eat the meat and ask for more orders.  But for value I don't think you can beat it.
4	This all you can eat sushi place is a must when you visit Las Vegas.We've all been intrigued and tried the $30 buffet. With all of its beautiful decorations and intricate deserts, I must say I'm a fan as well.However, when it comes down to all you can eat sushi. I'm a much stricter consumer. Yama sushi gets notoriously busy at night. So, I went on a Friday night. Surprisingly, the wait was about 30 minutes for 3 people. We sat at the bar, a little cramped for space. Then again, I'm here for the food.THE FOOD IS GREAT. Everything we ordered is fresh and delicious. Many of the one order/customer items are top notch. Try the seafood salad- spicy, you will not regret it.Unfortunately, this restaurant is rather small. A long wait and a small table is almost a guarantee. However, after a good hour of non-stop eating great food. It doesn't matter.Definitely not a sit and chat place as many waiting customers will give you the death stare. Besides, after eating a full meal, the last thing I want to do is sit and stare at the reminants of my plate.
5	Every trip to vegas now must include this in the experience. Spicy seafood salad hits the spot all day every day!
3	This used to be my favorite sushi spot, but it's a little out of the way so I haven't been here in a while. Today was the first time I've come here in months. Sushi was delicious as always, but the only reason I'm rating Yama at three stars was for the poor customer service. What really ticked me off was that we were sat first, but the people that sat after us got to order before us. Also, the corner we sat in was super freezing. We couldn't even enjoy our food anymore. My boyfriend and I might not be coming here for a while.
4	I love eating at Yama Sushi. My cousin and I go atleast once a week or every two weeks. I was never a big fan of sushi until my cousin said let's go eat here. At first, I thought I wouldn't like it but it was so good that we had to make this a weekly/bi-weekly visit. I don't normally eat raw fish but I made that change when I started eating here. The AYCE menu is perfect for me because I certainly can eat.I gave this place a 4 out of 5 star rating because the place is sooo small. The food is great, the staff is great, just the space in there is so cramped. But of course, that does not stop me from going there.
4	Great sushi, but waiting forever for sushi is not my idea of a good dining experience way too cramped and way too trendy.
1	I'm no sushi connoisseur but I know when I taste crappy fish. I'm no restaurateur but even I know that good customer service is the way you make fans and have them come back. I'm not a picky y eater but Yama was just clearly unacceptable. This restaurant is super tiny. I'm not hating on the size of the restaurant but when the tables are so close together that you can hear the conversations of those around you more than your own, then this becomes a problem. Getting in between tables to take a seat was a near impossible mission in as well. By no means am I a large individual but I had to suck in pretty hard to get to my chair. Our waitress was prompt in getting our drink orders. Two waters. She took my friend's AYCE order and started to walk away. Umm, hello?! What about my order? We called her back to order my lunch special - veggie tempura, 4 pieces of sushi, rice, miso soup and salad. After about 5 minutes, we finally got our waters. Mine had a black speck in it. My friend and I were convinced that it looked like a dead bug, resembling a gnat. The waitress insisted that this "gnat" was a green tea leaf. Whether a bug or a green tea leaf, nothing should be floating around in my water. I let the water fiasco slide and ordered a diet coke. No joke, I waited about 15 minutes for it. My friend and I asked three different waitresses for my beverage. I was parched! Not only this, my friend got his sushi but wasn't given his wasabi and ginger. This also took about 15 minutes in addition to kindly asking three different waitresses. Mind you, it was not busy - there were empty tables around the restaurant. The fish was dry and had a rubbery consistency. I felt as though it was left out for a while. While my friend and I were trying our best to enjoy the not-so-yummy fish, my friend found a hair in the ginger. That was the end of our meal. Dunzo. FInito. Vegas has some of the best AYCE sushi and Yama is NOT one of them. Needless to say, I won't be back.
5	Love their Seafood Salad!
4	My favorite is their seafood salad. It's got all the right spices. I also love their shrimp tempura. The bad thing about this place is that it's small and the wait to get in is ridiculous. They definitely need a bigger place. The service isn't that great as well.
5	Tonight Clayton and I went out for some AYCE (All You Can Eat) Sushi with big appetites so that we could try as many items as possible. We do Sushi like this pretty frequently and find that having a big appetite increases the value of a dinner that generally runs upwards of $50 dollars for two. Yama Sushi's prices for AYCE are within the average that you would find in most Las Vegas sushi restaurants, but we think the quality of the food and experience are above average, so you feel as though you are getting a deal.Dinner hours can be very busy. The restaurant itself would probably be considered small (between 50-75 seats). Getting there early or planning on a later dinner will ensure that you are seated right away. We arrived at 8:15pm on a wednesday night and waited about 15 minutes for a table. We noticed that at about 9pm it appeared that there would be no wait.Service has always been polite and very attentive. If you sit at the bar there are plenty of chefs to take your order and chat with as you dine. Also the restaurant is a little cramped for space so we always sit at the bar. less noticeable.  The chefs are quick as well. The atmosphere behind the bar is light, accentuated by the chefs colorful uniforms and the floral art that adorns the walls. It leaves the customer feeling relaxed and ready to enjoy a great meal.Our drink orders were taken quickly after being seated , and we chose a few appetizers to get the ball rolling on our evening. Here's a breakdown of some of the items we selected this time around, for those of you that have never gone to a sushi bar, or who are perhaps curious about some items they've never tried. Gyoza- We always start with a Gyoza  (fried dumpling) appetizer. It was a delicious way to begin. Crispy and savory. Salmon Kama- This item took a long time to come out of the kitchen, but was very tasty. It was a fairly large portion of salmon that had appeared to be baked. Less of a traditional sushi item, but that is part of what is great about AYCE. Nearly every item on the menu is available for you to try, and the GF and I make a point of trying a few new items each time. For a cooked salmon dish it was excellent. cooked well. Good flavor. Accompanied by a sweet brown teriyaki style sauce for dipping the flaky pieces of fish.Sushi Salad (Ordered Creamy)- Great light appetizer. Fresh tuna and salmon atop cucumber slices and what I believe is a mild radish that has been turned into a fine sort of angel hair. I should be more certain about this, but some dishes I don't question I just stick them in my face knowing it is going to awesome again.Yakitori- Essentially an asian style chicken Kebab. Very tasty, and a good item for those that tag along hoping to avoid the sushi. Chicken is very tender and seasoned well.BBQ Ribs- Another appetizer. Apparently we were in the mood for them. This would be another great choice for a non sushi eater. A small portion, but seasoned well. Both sweet and savory. The meat is tender but fatty. A great little appetizer.Snow In Vegas-This is a great roll for those that enjoy something relatively light with a spicy kick but also a sweet side. Use of different sauces makes these characteristics come through. Was my favorite of the night.Yama Crunch- Shrimp tempura, of which there are many options at Yama Sushi. Good flavor and texture. The crunch is sweet and mixes well with the more savory tempura inside.Ellen Roll- Big bites. Lots of different elements going on on this one. Made with soy paper which adds a unique flavor. Spicy sauce on top is great.Smoked Salmon and Salmon Sashimi always comes out super quick and fresh. Great color and texture.Overall: Always happy with flavor of special rolls. Appetizers come out hot. Staff is attentive and polite. Atmosphere is relaxed. Price is fair for quality. Always a great experience, if you love sushi, you have to try this spot.
5	OH MY GOD sushi. This is the place that converted me from never wanting to try sushi to having an addiction. The AYCE is awesome b/c it includes everything on the menu. A bit cramped so I'd say go earlier rather than later in the evening but I can't say enough about the sushi. The "no name" roll....gotta try it. Not far from the strip so if you're in town visiting the strip, this is the place to hit up. Kids AYCE is half price of the adults'. Many options to choose from. a bit pricey but so worth it. (myself, wife and 1 child pay $70-$80 including non alcoholic beverages, AYCE and tip) oh and did i mention the sushi? amazing!
3	Our waiter was AWKWARD... SUPER AWKWARD.  Sometimes he would show up at our table and stand there until we looked at him and said something.  He also brought out a couple dishes we didn't order and said "it's on the house" which probably translated to "here, eat more."  They purposely make the rolls big so you get full faster.... However, our party of four totally defeated their so-called "trick."  We were already hungry coming from the airport and ordered appetizers, rolls and literally the entire menu.  Their seafood dynamite is nothing to praise about.  A bunch of shelled clams and some scallops in their version of dynamite sauce tossed in the oven for a couple minutes.  On the flip side, their rolls are really good.  Can't go wrong with any of them actually.  I just wish they served nigiri and sashimi as part of their "All You Can Eat" buffet.  Other than the service, I would definitely recommend this place.  Not exactly located in the best part of town but if you get there early enough, you can miss the circus running around outside.
3	I thought the sushi was ok. Some of my fish was a little less buttery and tender like I would have preferred. The rolls were ok but the tempura they leave under a heat lamp so it doesn't taste as fresh as it could be. I don't know if I would choose this sushi place over the several options around. But for a cheap and convenient all you can eat place it's a decent choice.
4	Best ayce sushi place I've been. Quality was great for the price point. My rating reflects that. However... I hated being hassled to finish everything on my plate before being able to place my next order. I understand they are working with slim margins due to the quality of their fish (which I applaud them for) and the Vegas market is tough for buffets but your patrons don't want to feel pressured while eating. 2-cents Thx yelp universe for letting  me rant
3	The prices are reasonable and i love that they do half rolls! All the rolls I've had are delicious which is why I keep going back. Only downside is that this place is hella small. There are so many people that go that if you go on a busy day the wait could be up to an hour and unfortunately, I'm not willing to wait that long haha My recommendation is always just try to go early lol
5	I'm definitely going to be back the next time I'm in Vegas!  The AYCE (All You Can Eat) buffet was an amazing deal and they don't limit your selection to the basic rolls, like other AYCE sushi places I've been.  It wasn't the best sushi I've ever had, but it was by far the best value.  Only wish I'd saved room for some desert.  Also the place was really really crowded and we had a 20 min wait but it was worth it.
4	First time wife and I have had AYCE at a sushi restaurant and it was quite a treat. The fact their price is only $24/person makes it that much better. Overall the food was very good and well prepared not cheap/slop as one would expect. The service is super fast and plenty of wait staff around to help all the time. It was Fri night at 10pm and it was packed. The sushi was fresh and clean tasting and the rice was not overstuffed which showed they were not trying to fill you up on rice.......very impressive. We had a few exotic rolls with interesting sauces and each was unique and distinct. The deep fried soft shell crab appetizer was surprisingly good for such an inexpensive restaurant. The hamachi kama was the only dish that was literally ruined by over cooking it. I have had the real thing (large cuts off the head/shoulder) in Japan and Hong Kong for years and the way it should be is barely cooked over an open flame which draws out all of the oil and makes the fish super moist and melts in your mouth. This was dry and therefore almost tasteless compared to the real thing.But the truly amazing standout at this restaurant is clearly the seafood salad. We started out with one and devoured it in joy. The dressing is very spicy so be careful......but it was bursting with flavor. What they do (in my opinion) is use the end cuttings from the sashimi plus 2 pieces of tempura shrimp for the ingredients. Amazing, pieces of every kind of fish and scallops and all melted in your mouth. Even the odd cut pieces of salmon were smooth as silk. When they asked for last orders we were pretty stuffed so decided on one more of the seafood salad (one allowed for each diner) but when it came out we were blown away.....it had twice as much fish as the first order.....it was absurd, had to have at least 25 pieces of fish/scallops....we could not even finish it and had to waddle out the front door because of it. Here's the thing: if you eat sushi in any form it is filled with rice, the menu does not offer sashimi for this reason: most would order it over sushi so as not to fill up. Well this dish is all sashimi and then some...........you can eat great fish and not get overly filled up to leave room for some of the great appetizers.Will be back next time we are in Vegas.
4	Honestly the best place I've been for AYCE sushi in Las Vegas. The place was very crowded and lively, but there was space at the sushi bar. We were served promptly. I found it interesting, they don't have you write out your orders you just let the sushi chef know. The chef we dealt with had great customer service and was always ready to take our next order. Unfortunately I don't remember the specific rolls I got, but they were all wonderful. The sushi was very fresh. We had Salmon and Albacore nigiri. I also had the Uni and it was the best I've had in Vegas and we've been to several places. I will without a doubt come back here.
4	Love this place! They've been consistent with their product and I've been coming here since 2006! Still the best one in town - price and quality. Thank you Yama!
4	Solid AYCE sushi.  Great price and good quality.  Salmon kama was very tasty.  Unagi was flavorless though.  Mochi ice cream for dessert is a good way to end the meal.  Not the best sushi but a great value.  I do wish they had more seating.
4	One of the best AYCE Sushi places!I highly recommend trying the seafood salad that consists of a variety of fresh, delicious sashimi. Mine was a bit spicy and it definitely gave it a kick! The sashimi overall was the best! The salmon was extremely fresh and tasty. The rolls are quite delicious as well. Some of the rolls were a bit heavy in sauce, mayo, and rice. If you're going to do it AYCE style, eating a bunch of these rolls after a while may make you feel a bit queasy and the taste won't be as great. The price for AYCE dinner is about $23. Not too bad! The place is vibrant and lively, but way too crowded! There's barely enough elbow space. Go on a less busy day to beat the long wait and congested area. You also get mochi ice cream and regular green tea/red bean ice cream if you do it AYCE style. The vanilla and strawberry mochi is YUMMY. Definitely a good sushi experience! (:
1	My friends & I went to Yama last night to celebrate my friends birthday, from the second we walked in the door the staff was rude. This is not the first time we have eaten here as a large group, in fact we drove across town to eat here, never again. First of all my friend ordered a diet coke the waitress who happened to be the assistant manager her name was Michelle brought a regular coke when she was told that it was suppose to be diet she said well I have to charge you again for another drink. So because you messed up we have to pay for 2 drinks? Wtf? We ordered our food and in the middle of our meal she comes in to tell us all 8 of us need to move onto one table because were taking to long and she needs the other table they sat us at...now you have a 2 hour limit which is fine but we still had 40mins left on our time when we told her that she gave attitude & acted like us being there was an inconvience. Also some of the food we ordered never made it to us before she said our time was up & guess what she added it to the bill! I will never go back to this place again!
5	I have been going here for YEARS now and not once has it EVER disappointed me! I always get ALL YOU CAN EAT because not only is it fairly priced but you can do 1/2 rolls as well. I haven't had a bad thing on their menu. I highly recommend Yama and I also recommend the "Happy Ending" roll. You can thank me later...  I hope they will eventually make their spot bigger!
5	God this place is amazing! I came here with a few of my friends and we all agreed that Yama Sushi is absolutely tasty. As soon as the plates hit the table, it goes back up to the server cus we just kill the dishes so fast. I can order anything on the menu and feel pretty damn satisfied. I like how their menu has a sense of humor too :D Amazingly fast service+Kickass food=5star in my book.
2	If you like to eat ALL the rice on your sushi and can eat more than $25 bucks worth of sushi, then come here! fyi there is NO SASHIMI!I didn't do much research before coming. I just heard all-you-can-eat sushi and I said 'I'm down!!' But I regret it after going there and saw all the rules....I know most all you can eat sushi places do have the rule of charging unfinish food but this place strictly enforce it...Our waitress acted like a bitch right from the start. We felt like we were being stared down... There were also times where she obviously stops at our table to look at our un eaten rice on our plates... She also checks all our plates for uneaten foods right in front of us!! It felt like I was being checked for illegal items at the TSA security line!! Which makes our meal there very uncomfortable...The food there was ok... they do have Uni and sweet shrimp (one per person, sweet shrimp is only 1 piece per person). Quality was up to par.. Certain chefs put tons of rice on the rolls... Honestly i should have spent my money at one of the better buffets on the strip..
5	I absolutely love this place and make sure to stop every time I get to Vegas. My only complaint would be that it is always busy lol! Great place and worth any wait there may be!
4	I've been a fan of Yama Sushi for a couple of years now & have eaten there several times. This is my 2nd review. Knowing about the long wait times, we went around 10pm. We were seated immediately, but were not given menus until we asked for one. The AYCE was our choice & we ordered Goyza, Edamame, seafood salad, & cucumber salad to kick things off. Everything was prepared fresh, & served quickly. The rolls came next; Rainbow, No Name, Dragon, & a few others. All were great. We finished off the meal with some mochi ice cream. Overall, this place is still my favorite, although their success has gone to their heads a little, as they were in a hurry to close up and rushed us out the door at the end of our meal. The speedy service & freshness of the food was what I have come to expect from Yama though, & they have yet to disappoint.*It appears as if Yama is expanding, There was a sign on the door that said they will be closed on June 10, & 11. I saw some guys laying tile in the strip mall store next door, so maybe Yama will be a bit roomier next time we go.
1	After seeing the reviews here on yelp I decided to try this place with 2 friends that also love sush, real sushi (nigiri).  First off they put way too much rice that you can't taste the fish. Next, they put too much sauce with certain fishes, so much it soaked the cup if rice that was under the little slice of fish. Then we ordered 3 hamachi Kama and after 45min of waiting they came out with 3 hamachi stumps!!! See photo also posted. They should have just told us they didn't have any, or maybe that's what they always serve as hamachi Kama.  Someone needs to show the cook what a Kama is! For the 1 star, On the positive side, if you like California rolls and other rolls they cover with ponzu sauce, sriracha and mayonnaise this may be for you.  I'm just glad we didn't have to wait more than 5 min to get a seat because there happened to be an opening when we got there.
1	I've been here three times. Each time I've gone, the sushi bar will "lose" part/most of my order. (My first round I usually order two things. A roll, and a bunch of eel or tuna or something...) They usually only bring me just the roll, or just the sushi. Never both. *Never* both. They just give me one, and I never see the other part.  Or --like the last time -- none of my order. The last time I went, I was in a group of four. The other three guys in that group were on their second round. I hadn't received a single thing. I'm just sitting there, waiting. I bring it up to the waitress, she goes to "look" for it, returning five minutes later to refill water. (Without food, nor a single word about my order.) The other guys were just about done, when the waitress (out of pity?) brings me *someone else's* order that they didn't wind up wanting. By this time, I had ordered at least or or five things (over the course of an hour), and not a single thing was delivered. When I asked to speak with the manager, "the manager" (whom I maintain was just another waitress --she was too young and too combative off the bat to be a real manager) claimed that everything had arrived to my table. "You were given everything you ordered." "Uhm... no I haven't." Rest of the table: "LOL, no he hasn't! He hasn't received a single plate of food he's ordered!""Yes you did. We have the ticket!" "Then why am I hungry after an hour? Why would I bother you about this at an AYCE restaurant, if I had --in fact-- eaten? That doesn't make any sense!" (This detail still perplexes me, to this day.)The "manager" left in a huff, never to return. We had to leave around then, to be on time for plans we had later in the evening. I paid the bill in full, and left hungry. I'm *still* mad about that, to be honest. This place is popular, but there are better places in town.
2	I have been to Yama a few times. I have to honestly say I was not impressed. Besides the extremely small seating areas, the food is not of a good quality. Compared to other sushi places in town i would not consider yama to even be in the top 5. The service is horrible, the wait time is horrible, and the wait for your actual food is crazy! All of the times ive gone to yama i have sat at the bar which is no faster than sitting at a table or waiting outside for that matter. Not my cup of tea.
5	Holy crap was this place good and the price?  Even better!After looking through Yelp and trying to pick between the multiple AYCE sushi places in Vegas we finally settled on Yama.  Boy were we happy we did!There were soooo many people, yet they seated us within 10 minutes at the bar.  Their sushi chefs work SO fast, and each roll or piece of sushi came out looking so expertly made!  We were paying AYCE prices for the quality and chefs of a pay per sushi type place! They also have everything you could possibly want from a sushi joint.  Miso Soup, Seaweed salad, Sashimi salad, Ono (white tuna), hamachi, tempura, all the standard rolls, and even a massive menu of their self designed rolls.God it was all so delicious!  They don't do the standard practice of using a ton of rice, only a little bit of rice (which is also sticky and deliciously flavoured) on their rolls and sushi.  Each roll or sushi we got was better than the next.  This restaurant by itself seriously makes me want to move to Vegas.  Then the bill comes  20.99 a person!  WHAT??!?  We added up our total if we were to order it all normally.  The girlfriend and I would have ate $150 worth of sushi/rolls.  It was hands down the best sushi restaurant we've been to, bar none (including non-AYCE).Price:  5 starsFood:  5 starsService:  5 starsPERFECT SCORE!!!!BONUS:  They offer Mochi Ice Cream as desert!  +1!Side story:  When we were half way into our meal, a wedding party came in!  Like 20+ people and the wait staff scrambled to seat them all.  They ended up sitting at 4-5 different tables scattered throughout the restaurant and many sat at the bar.  It's that damn good people!
2	I used to like this place until my friends cars starting getting broken into at this location. Ghetto!! Last time I went they charged me $4 for a tiny portion of uneaten rice off of halibut hamachi. I took it out of her tip and won't be returning here again.
1	Alright but not great. DO NOT GET THE "whose your daddy" ROLL!  It tasted like ammonia. It was the worst sushi I have vet had. Try happy endings or something else.
5	Crazy good service! Above and beyond. Great food! Go try it.
3	Solid sushi place for AYCE in Vegas - the staff works really hard to get you seated as soon as possible and the waiters get the food to you so fast. It's very small in there so you might be all squished together but I prefer that to waiting a long time just to get a table. The waiters have a good sense of humor and egg you on to order more. The rolls/sushi are creative and they also have the standard ones if that's what you want. We tried a handful of the salads/appetizers and rolls - hilarious names like one minute man, happy endings, baby hit me one more time - all good. Mochi ice cream for dessert is always good.
4	Walked in and it was crowded. That's usually a good sign.  I was still seated immediately. The staff was friendly enough and attentive.So far this place has the freshest sushi that I have in vegas.  The uni was soooo sweet, but they limit you to one order with the AYCE.  They gave me too, don't tell.  They also have Kama which is another of my favorites.  And the sweet shrimp.  Half of it was sashimi, the tail of course, but then they tempuraed the head.  NICE!!Oh, and i sat next to some drunk guy from outside of chicago who called his son a pussy for not trying the uni.He told me to feel free and call him a pussy too.  I refrained.But sir if you ever read this, sitting next to you was a pleasure and I hope someday I reach that age where I can get drunk and obnoxious and everybody just smiles and says," Oh that Joshua, he says the darnedest things!"P.S. Mr. White-Sox fan also told me that you can tell the sushi is fresh when you get home, go to the bathroom, look in the toilet and it's still swimming!Excellent dinner conversation!!!!
2	My experience at Yama sushi was okay. I've had much better sushi at Sushi Mon (AYCE). It seemed like we were bothering the server by just ordering. I would have been upset if we had paid over $23. We ordered 9 rolls, and i can honestly say I only liked 2 out of the 9. Needless to say we won't be returning.
5	This place is really cheap and really good! They even expanded and changed the seating arrangement to make their customers more comfortable! The waitresses are also super responsive! It's located near UNLV, which means...tons of people! But it's worth it!!! It's not worth it if you're bringing super large groups though! You'd better make a reservation or be there when they open :P There were some rolls that were iffy, but others knocked those out of the park so bad that I forgot about the iffy ones!
4	This place ROCKS! Everything is GREAT! Nice Atmosphere Stays open later than most places during a week night!
3	Had to knock it down to three stars, because I sat at the bar and had the same problem that other yelpers have had with items missing from my order.  Every time!  Serioiusly not a single order correct.  I almost told the chef, "Write it down big man, write it down!"
4	This place very good srevice exelent rolls very teasty sea food salad thats the best, personally i dont like the abacord is another fish the cucumber salad is to chunky they call it garlic sause but is no Garlic on it, if you dont eat in Yama yet u need to give a try cuz the place is very good since 1999  , they make the sauses from scratc good rolls
3	like any other all you can eat sushi roll joint. nice people working there though. but have since found goyemon which is way more awesome.
4	Great food highly recommend this small location but awesome food!!!!!!!! great staff and cooks!
4	Great staff, good sushi and always busy. The constant wait should tell you something.  It's one of better AYCE sushi places in town but the wait time can be a hindrance. The sesame chicken and teriyaki beef for appetizers are very good. Most rolls I had are great and made well. I would refer this place to anyone just be cautious that the wait may be a while.
4	All you can eat sushi for a flat rate! The rolls just keep coming till you say "no mas", The specialty rolls are quite awesome. I had several of the sushi pieces, the fish is fresh, firm and just as it should be. The rice is cooked well. However, this a personal choice, I like a little bit of the vinegar on the rice to give it a subtle sourness to compliment the sweetness of the fish. The rice felt like well done steamed rice. It's a matter of choice. It absolutely beats the sushi served at most buffets on the strip. If you love sushi, this is a must try in Las Vegas.
5	Good and cheap eats...my go to place for AYCE Sushi when I am in Sin City.Food: 5/5Been here a couple of times, and their food quality is pretty consistent.  Interesting names for their sushi items (censorship needed for those not-of-age, yet), with a generous selection of rolls, sashimi, and non-fish dishes.  Really love their sweet shrimp (never comes out fishy smelling), salmon nigiri, uni nigiri, soft shell crab roll...the list can go on. I think I am going through withdrawal now that I am thinking about their food.  You also get complimentary mochi ice cream , and that could be a challenge, because you'd probably be in sushi coma/heaven by that time.  But who can resist mochi ice cream ?Service: 4/5Friendly and efficient.  Plates get cleared when they are empty, and the next round of dishes come out within minutes of placing your order.  It can get busy, so the service might be slow, but once you get the server's attention, things get done or filled quickly.Ambiance: 3/5A bit outdated, but who cares, as long as the food and service are both top notch.  A bit small for the type a crowd that they can generate during busy hours. The seats are a bit uncomfortable, perhaps not enough cushion for my tushy? The floors are sticky, but the restrooms are clean.They have a sushi bar manned with 3-4 sushi chefs at a time. Behind the sushi bar, there's this panel of mosaic photos that appear to be of an island backdrop?  This is located in a strip mall, and you can easily pass by it if you don't pay attention to their sign.  It is truly a hidden gem.Final Verdict:Yes, a frequent visitor when I am in town!
3	Came here with a VERY large group, which the staff quickly accommodated.... and didn't mind when we continue to pull tables over for friends who kept trickling in. At AYCE sushi at less than $25, it's a freaking steal. And AYCE means ALLLLL YCE....... the entire menu, no time limit, no charges for leftover food (but they won't bring new food unless you finish it).My advice:- Order half rolls so you can try more- Share everything!- Seafood salad.... all sashimi with no rice. Best bang for your buck!- Wear loose-fitting clothes, because you are about to get down on some serious fatassery- Don't come here if you plan to wear a ho dress to a club immediately afterward.I wish I could remember all I tried, but we tried just about everything, including ice cream. They also serve sake and beer, which my side of the table indulged in (and quickly because those loud, boisterous people, which no one seemed to mind). I wish I could give them more stars..... but the service wasn't the friendliest. A friend of mine who doesn't eat seafood was completely ignored, and his dish wasn't brought out until we were almost done. We also noticed that we were charged for 4 bottles of sake, when we only ordered 3. We told our waitress, and a few minutes later, 4 waitresses filed out together, stood in a line to confront us, and angrily insisted that we ordered 4. It was pretty unecessary and in poor taste. We eventually resolved it and paid for the 3. That left a bad taste in my mouth, but the sushi and the copious amounts of booze left an amazing taste. 3 stars.
2	Authentic sushi seekers BEWARE! Things are not as they seem.... I am beginning to become more and more weary of reviews for Asian food on Yelp. This isn't the first time I've trusted Yelp with Asian food and ended up disappointed. 4 stars and 600 reviews? How can that many people have indiscernible palettes???? First I noticed right off the bat - the FISH IS FROZEN!!!! Wake up call everyone - when you walk into a sushi joint and the fish is PRE-SLICED, you are not eating fresh fish!!!!!!!! Never have I EVER had sushi where the chefs do not slice the fish from a refrigerated, fresh raw fish steak. I know a lot of people like that the sushi comes out quickly - and it does, to a point where it just doesn't seem right, and guess what, that's because the fish has been pre-sliced and it is not fresh. That in itself is enough to give 1 star to this place. What a disgrace. We started off eating the highly regarded "seafood salad." Looked like the ocean threw up a bunch of reject ahi tuna chunks. There were pieces of fish that were unidentifiable, sitting atop some julienned daikon radish in a pool of spicy-sweet sauce, similar to the sauce that comes in poke salads. There were red specks floating in the sauce that gave it a spicy kick. Each seafood salad looks different (according to the pics on here); mine had two random pieces of tempura in it, that were soggy from sitting in the pool of sauce. Okay. We also ordered gyoza (pot sticker dumplings)- which honestly is a waste of stomach space when you're out to eat sushi, but gyoza's good, so whatever. The gyoza was deep fried, but it wasn't crispy. Gyoza is definitely frozen as well, and since when was gyoza by default deep-fried and you didn't get at least the option to have it steamed and fried on the bottom like, you know, traditional gyoza? The test of fresh, high-quality fish can be found in an order of sea urchin. The caliber of sea urchin in a sushi joint will reveal the condition of other fish. For those who have eaten fresh, creamy sea urchin, you know that the color of it is a mild beige; it should look nice and plump, and taste like the ocean made flesh. My sea urchin was BROWN and was limp like it just gave up on life on top of the rice. It did NOT taste like the ocean made flesh. It tasted the way sea urchin tastes those times you have to mentally convince yourself that it is actually good, that you should actually swallow it even though your taste buds may be screaming out otherwise. Oh, also, my mackerel was dry. Fresh mackerel, like other fresh fish, should have a sheen to it. But of course, if you pre-cut your fish, dryness is to be expected. Keep in mind I ordered all nigiri sishi here - with the exception of one roll that my dinner companion wanted to try. I'm sorry to break it to all you sushi-happy people, but if you only order rolls when you go eat sushi, you don't really like sushi. You like frikkin mayo, bitch. As a Japanese person, I know that it is a waste of stomach space to fill yourself up on fried batter, eel sauce, and spicy mayo. Really it is just a way to cover up the flavor of delicious raw fish. Then again - this place doesn't use delicious raw fish so maybe it is a better idea to mask the flavor of it. Believe me when I say Japanese people don't fuck with rolls the way non-Japanese sushi-eaters do. There is nothing wrong with choosing that route, though, I guess, and the roll was tasty, so I suppose with the price, this is somewhere you should come if you only eat fillers. Lastly - I always order a hand roll with shiso leaf and ume (plum) paste as my last sushi - it is very refreshing and cleanses your palette before dessert. When I asked the sushi chef to make it for me, he asked WHAT IT WAS!!!!!!!!!!!!! I won't even comment further on this. That is just not right. I know this review was full of vitriol, but someone had to say something. I do not understand how this place is so popular. This place is to sushi as Taco Bell is to Mexican food. It didn't taste bad, and that's the only thing I can say about it. Taco Bell doesn't taste bad either. I would much rather spend a few more dollars at a Japanese-owned Goyemon or Sushi Mon and know I am getting fresh, high-quality fish. There are only so many meals I will eat in my life, and I regret having wasted one of them on this place. Two stars for punctual, friendly service (only from the servers, not the sushi chef). Will not be back, EVER!
5	Boy, oh boy. Newly renovated, same service, same menu, and still delish.Decided to hit up Yama Sushi with my co-workers cause we found out that they've renovated it. Post renovation:- there's an actual waiting area- decor flows well throughout the restaurant- new menu design- more elbow roomI never order rolls. I usually eat off other people's rolls. I'm all for appetizers and nigiris. There is one dish that you must have when you're at Yama. Seafood Salad either mild or spicy. It used to come as a bigger portion but it has gotten smaller. Probably because it's part of AYCE?Just like my previous review, they don't take reservations. But when I got there, there was no wait. This was a Saturday afternoon at 2 p.m.Yama never disappoints me.
4	I've passed by this place for about a year. After wondering why there were always so many people gathered outside i decided to try it. I went in late night with my sister, we had about a 25 minute wait. We decided on the all you can eat deal which was AMAZING!!! The only catch was that we absolutely had to eat EVERYTHING. The food deserved a 5 star rating hands down I gave it 4 stars because of the waiting first and for most. We had to wait when we arrived, we had to wait 15 minutes for each item we ordered even drinks. The only other issue was the space. There are wayyyy to many tables and no walk space. I felt like i was eating a meal with strangers and we were so close i felt like i was a part of their conversation.
5	Yama has grown to be my one and only choice for the best AYCE sushi in Vegas.1. The SEAFOOD SALAD is a wonderful mix of sashimi and crunchy veggies in a thin spicy sauce ... but the sauce is so good, I literally pour it into my soy dish and dip everything else I eat in it.  Some places have a creamy version of this, but Yama's is very crisp and awesome.2. SESAME CHICKEN is a hundred times better than Teriyaki Chicken.  I always assumed they're both boring kitchen items, but a friend turned me on to these little chicken bites coated in crispy, savory batter.  They should be called AMAZEBALLS, because I order like four rounds for myself alone.  (See also: Seafood Salad Leftover Dipping Sauce)3. You know a place is awesome when there's always a long wait to get in.  We try to go right when they open to avoid the 30-60 minute wait during rush hours.  We've also tried going just before closing, and while we were able to get our order in before last call, they start cleaning the floors to imply it's time y'all mosey along.  ^__^Every tourist friend I've brought here has raved that it's the best sushi they've ever had.  I feel like a rock star knowing "the place" to go!
1	I am sorry.../Commences RantI will never return here. I was sorely disappointed and feel like I was treated as a subpar customer. Yeah not everyone eats sushi. I am that guy. Consequently I did join a large group of friends here. I knew that things wouldn't exactly be outstanding, but this place took it to a whole new level. The only reason they get a two star vs a one star is that most of my friends received excellent service and food. Whereas I got worse treatment than the red headed step child... Hell that is demeaning I don't even have red hair  *SMH*. In fact my trip here was one of my worst restaurant experiences in the last 10-15 years. *extremely disappointed*So while all my friends purchased the AYCE meal and started to receive their various foods within 5 minutes of ordering, my appetizers (sesame chicken and shrimp tempura) took about 45 minutes to receive the first item, the shrimp tempura. It took another 10 plus minutes to receive the sesame chicken.REALLY YAMA SUSHI!!! You brought out appetizers to my friends on the AYCE menu within 20 minutes. Why cant you bring the non AYCE appetizers to the guy who has nothing else to eat?  But your attitude seemed to be who cares he isn't getting AYCE.Knowing that they are concentrating on the AYCE folks and the rolls that most of the people are getting, I knew I would have my food delayed. What ended up happening? Everyone was on their third or fourth roll at least before my food was served. Consequently I think you guys can go jump off a cliff. Way to treat a customer who wanted to partake in what he had heard was an awesome restaurant experience. I can count the number of times on a single hand where I have had a worse dining experience in my entire life!Way to ruin what was otherwise a wonderful day for me with a large number of friends. I SERIOUSLY HOPE YOU DECIDE TO REVAMP YOUR POLICY TOWARDS NON AYCE PAYING CUSTOMERS OR THOSE WHO WANT SOMETHING A LITTLE BIT DIFFERENT, AND YET STILL ORDER DIRECTLY OFF OF YOUR MENU WITHOUT A SINGLE CHANGE REQUEST!WHY THE HELL EVEN HAVE THOSE CHOICES LISTED WITH PRICING THAT IS NOT AYCE IF YOU JUST WANT TO IGNORE THE GUY WHO ORDERS DINNER THAT WAY.I HOPE BEYOND A SHADOW OF A BELIEF THAT CUSTOMERS TURN AWAY FROM YOUR RESTAURANT IF THEY ARE LIKE ME. SOMEONE WHO WANTS TO BE TREATED FAIRLY AND NOT MADE TO WAIT AN OVERLY EXTENSIVE PERIOD OF TIME TO GET WHAT YOU ARE ALREADY SERVING TO THOSE ALL AROUND HIM.I WILL NEVER BE BACK HERE AND I HOPE THAT OTHERS WILL NOT AS WELL.To add insult to injury your staff came after me for leaving less than the pre-ordained tip as listed on the check since I was part of a party of 6 or more. You should have been happy I left a tip at all. But to have you come after me demanding more for absolutely no service and unreasonable treatment, well F YOU. I am still pissed off about it and it has been several weeks.  I hope your business goes bust!/Ends RantI am Schel and I approve this review!Edit: Screw it I cant stand to give them 2 stars... I have to drop it to a 1 star... still super ticked off...
2	We went to Yama sushi hoping to score some great sushi off the strip but we were sorely disappointed! The price for the all you can eat sushi was good, $20-25 a person is great when getting all you can eat.  if you are looking for quantity of food this is the route to go. If you are looking for quality sushi I would not eat at Yama. Between our group we probably tried 3/4 of the specialty sushi on the menu and we were not impressed at all! All of the sushi was just MEH not that good. I will never go back to Yama there was nothing there for me there.
5	Yama was the first AYCE sushi place i've been to and wow ive been missing out all this time on something so tasty and delicious.I heard about Yama from a friend and that i should go here so i did.  Me and my mother went here for lunch, we expected as much, it was kind of busy aha. we ordered miso soup and just chose whatever looked good to us. I only remember Wet dream as the taste stood out and still does. I will definitely be going back as my new love for sushi will make me!
4	I love this place anytime I'm by UNLV and in the mood for sushi, ill hit this place up... Even better now is the place just got bigger so now there is no 1 to 2 hour wait... Still a little cramped in there but at least your not sanding outside for too long. The sushi is still good but I some times think their servers don't have assigned areas because I'm always asked did some take your drink over at least twice?? But I guess I'll take that over not being asked at all
4	Majide!!! Look, this place is an AYCE sushi joint not some three Michelin star winning sushi restaurant like Sukiyabashi Jiro. So if you are looking for top quality sushi, you should know better than to come here. I mean, do you go into McDonald's expecting USDA prime beef? I should rephrase that to do you expect real beef at McDonald's ... I mean it baffles my mind that people expect 5-star sushi at an AYCE where lunch (11 to 3) is $20.95 and dinner (3 to 11) is $23.95! Then again, there are insensible morons all around us like the crazies that I saw the other day buying sushi from 7-Eleven. Oh the horror!Let's put it this way, compared to the prices of buffets on The Strip, Yama Sushi's price is a steal. Moreover, have you even seen the deplorable sushi on The Strip? Either way, I came here expecting quantity over quality, but was surprised that the quality wasn't too shabby. The wife and I ate at Yama Sushi because we were in town with a bunch of Los Angeles Yelpers as part of an unofficial summer break weekend for July 4th. You see, the wife and I don't usually eat AYCE and Yama Sushi was not even on our radar, but since the group decided to check it out we decided to join them as not to be party foul. So yea, although I still needed to tackle down some of the Vegas restaurants reviewed by my Yelp friend and Vegas aficionado Rod U. (http://www.yelp.com/user_details_lists?userid=oeAhRa8yFa9jtrhaHnOyxQ) who has several awesome Vegas restaurant lists, we took the detour with Yama Sushi that ended up being better than expected.Despite our large party (20+), Yama Sushi accommodated us by putting together 4-5 tables. Since I am an aisle-person (planes, concerts, sporting events), the wife and I sat at an end table. Our end table of six was the sober table because we had come to eat and not to get drunk and rowdy. I mean pro eaters know that AYCE places recuperate their money via overpriced alcohol, DUH!Anyways, we must have ordered a million rolls. I can't even remember what we had because the food just kept on "rollin". There were rolls with cream cheese, rolls with eel sauce, and rolls with gooey mayo goodness. But with AYCE, everything all starts tasting the same after awhile. Good thing Ed A. (http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=zyFN0KU7Y9MfTZIROrsKhA) was at our table to clear the leftover roll pieces our gluttonous asses could not finish... so that we could order more of course. Coming in with low expectations, I was surprised that the food wasn't too bad. The rolls were decent and the appetizers such as the soft shell crab and sweet shrimp were tasty. I really do not know how this business model works because pretty much their entire menu is available for AYCE (some items such as the uni had a limit of one order).The only real awkward moment of the night was that there seemed to be some disagreement with the drunk table at our party about whether they had ordered 3 or 4 small bottles of sake (375 ML). While I was not paying attention to their count, either they are real lightweights with sake or the restaurant overcharged a bottle. At the end of the day, they ended up only paying for 3. Aside from that moment, I was impressed by how good a job Yama did of servicing our large crowd.So is Yama Sushi 5-star quality? Come on now. However, for the price, it is as good a value that you will find in a town (Las Vegas aka Lost Wages) hell-bent on stealing all your wages.  * BTW AYCE sushi places get you full with the rice in the rolls.** The only sashimi-type dish for AYCE they have is the sashimi salad.
4	Iv'e been here 4 times now. Good sushi, great price, decent service. Not many AYCE in Vegas. Will go back. I recommend the seafood salad.
5	Love this place, they miss me. ..
5	Holy sushi, Batman!!!   This place was awesome!!
4	One of the best all u can eat sushi spots in las vegas. Rolls are amazing, ladies are nice, more room now and overall awesome food! location sucks only downside
5	We frequent all the time ! They actually just expanded the store front so the wait isn't as long anymore. One of the better AYCE in town. It's a must. A good spend for your dough.
4	Place was yummy. We were lucky to not have to wait at ALL. Staff was funny and helpful, Nice selection of sushi. I had never gone to an AYCE sushi place before and I think I might be spoiled now. For the price this place was great!
4	Yama is a great off the strip place to visit for lunch. We normally drop in on our way up from the valley. I really like to sit at the sushi bar and banter with the chefs as they make whatever you like. The quality for the price is great, very nice white tuna, great mackerel - It isn't fine dining or what have you but the quality is there.I enjoy the seafood salad that they make and my better half likes some of their baked rolls. They make one thing in particular that is out of this world, to me at least. Hamachi Kama is so good there. Not fried, just grilled like you don't want to know. One thing to note is that it gets really busy, really fast so sitting at the sushi bar as a couple is great. Since May, they expanded and have a U shaped sushi bar and much more seating so it might be a bit better for wait times. It is all you can eat if you want it, and well worth it.
4	By far the best AYCE sushi I have had in my life. The place is small and crowded but that gives it a festive vibe. The food was excellent. Thank goodness we were at the bar so you can order directly from the sushi chefs and get your sushi fast. I've heard that at the regular tables they usually get your order wrong and takes awhile to get your sushi. It did take while to get our diet coke and ice tea from the servers. Thus the 4 instead of 5 star review. The sushi chef also were not pleased when my coworker ordered and seafood salad and I declined it but later ordered it when I saw his. Whatever. But the seafood salad was excellent. More like sashimi in sauce since there was no veggie to speak off except shredded daikon. I would definitely come here again. The whole meal was less than $30 per person. Quite a bargain for Vegas AYCE restaurants.
5	Delicious, cheap, and generous portions! I used to go to a different sushi restaurant for all you can eat sushi but my boyfriend heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. I'm so happy we did! It gets really busy but it's totally worth the wait and crowded atmosphere. They put a lot of fish in the sushi and the portion sizes are awesome! Their presentation of the food looks just as delicious as the taste! Overall, my new favorite sushi restaurant!!
5	Delicious and fresh.  Very tasty with many different variety if sushi and the sashimi salad is just awesome!
3	I've been here twice. The first time, we sat at the bar and had a great time. It might have just been the novelty of the place (and the fact that it had been a while since I had sushi), but my girlfriend and I had a blast, even though the service was slow.The second time (most recent trip to Vegas), we sat at the regular tables. Water/food/any service was VERY slow. It took a while for us to order anything because of the slow service. Also, we had a hard time picking what kind of rolls we wanted because the novelty had worn off this time around. Great names for the rolls, but that's pretty much it.We've decided that there's no need to come back to this place. Lines are long, service is slow, and the food is just mediocre. There are so many restaurants to try on and off the Strip that I don't see a need to re-visit a mediocre spot.
4	I have never been to this sushi place before, and I went based on the suggestion of a friend from work. She lead me in the right direction. It was a busy night, so I was very lucky to get in, and get a seat at the bar. The staff was very attentive. Although, they did forget my potstickers, but I won't hold that against them. Every roll I had was made right in front of me, which I had never experienced before. I had maybe 5 different rolls before I called it a night, and every single roll was great! I have a very weak stomach, so I only had one spicy roll. Definitely would go again. Either alone, or with a group, you're in for a great experience.
1	Food was okay. The grumpy Asian cook at the sushi bar needs an attitude adjustment. He was rude to the people at the bar. This place would be better without this guy.
1	Warning: Do not come to this restaurant if you eat sushi often!I don't consider myself an expert on sushi, but I've eaten at a lot of good sushi places around the Socal area. My favorite places are Sushi Ota in San Diego and Ootoro in Walnut. I also like places like Akasaka in Rowland Heights and I even enjoy the cheaper sushi joints like any of the revolving Kula bars and also Sushi Q in Chino Hills. With that being said, this is absolutely the worst sushi restaurant I've ever had the misfortune of trying.We tried pretty much everything. The salmon, the tuna, the yellowtail, the sweet shrimp, the uni, the cooked fish, the hand rolls, the specialty rolls, you name it. There was not one piece of fish that was appetizing. When eating sashimi, you want it to be fresh and you want the pieces that melt in your mouth. Well, the sashimi here was the opposite. It was so dry, I felt like I was swallowing paper at times. I'm not even joking here, even prepackaged sushi at Japanese marts are significantly better than the stuff served at this sorry excuse for a sushi joint.Honestly, the best thing I had here was the miso soup. I shit you not, even the edamame was disappointing. The edamame..To say the least, this meal was the worst meal I've had in a very long time. If you're not from around Vegas, don't waste a precious meal coming here. Your stomach will thank me.
2	If it wasn't for the customer service is probably give this place just a star. the seating reminded me to oacked sardines.  :( I was disappointed dish after dish, there  was  nothing  to  rave  about except maybe one of the salads with sashimi? I  think  it was the poki? I  can't really remember the name.of.it.. I thought that since people rated this place so highly it must be good, boy was I wrong. Sorry to say even though the customer service was superb, I wouldn't recommend this place because the food was just lacking in quality and freshness. And I know that its hard to expect that from a all.you can eat sushi place, thats hella far from the ocean. but  there are joints like oyshi and goyemon that never seem to let me down.
4	The sushi and other oceanic creatures were very fresh and for the price, you can't complain! I loved the soft shell crab and the happy ending...no really, its a roll. Lol the service was a little crazy but all in all a great experience!  We try to go there everytime we are in town.
5	I moved to Vegas about a year ago and I have yet to eat at another sushi restaurant because Yama is so good.I'm sure there's some really good places out there that I could get better sushi at, but I used to spend $100 on sushi just for myself.  Now I can eat all the sushi I want for $25 and be content.  I do miss certain items, as they only have the standards.  But they do have sweet shrimp and hamachi kama, so what can I do?!  (Answer:  Go back to Yama over and over again)
5	I'm really glad they expanded this restaurant as they could use the extra tables.  This IMHO is the best AYCE joint in the valley due to food quality, service, and pricing.  Their fish is undoubtedly fresh and their nigiri are easily on my top 3 best tasting ayce nigiri (goyemon and rainbow sushi being the other two).  The rolls are pretty good and I like that you can order half rolls.  They have my all time favorite ayce sushi bar appetizer of all time - the seafood salad.  The service I get is always friendly and acceptably prompt even on often busy days, and I'm never made to feel a glutton despite ordering as such.  All of these you get for a price less than most other ayce joints in vegas.
2	This place has great potential, but they give you soooo much rice!!! They literally packed it on, so we got full on our first round. The quality was surprisingly very fresh for AYCE and includes many special rolls which were tempting to order, but after just one roll, we just couldn't do it. My favorite item I usually order  is a crunchy hand roll and they got the crispy part done right, but it was overwhelmingly drenched in eel sauce resulting in it being a sickeningly sweet and overloaded rice roll. The service was definitely lacking, you get ice cream or mochi at the end of you meal, and it took 20 minutes for the check and another 20 just to get our green tea ice cream. 40 freaking minutes to get out of there despite reminding two different waitresses 4 times!!! Throughout our meals, we had to request for more water, our rolls, and napkins several times. So the price and quality of the fish is decent, large selection of special rolls, but if you want to get full, just order one hand or special roll and you're set.
5	This place is great. The AYCE sushi is very fresh and they do not put tons of rice with it, so you are not just filling up on rice.  They are also extremely attentive, always asking if you would like to order more. Some AYCE take their time to ask you for more orders so you can digest longer and get full without eating as much. Definitely will be coming back.
3	DO NOT ORDER THE SWEET SHRIMP. The seafood salad is banging though. I always use the left over sauce for dipping.
4	Love this restaurant! Stumbled upon it back in 2008 when I was waiting for a friend who was also flying in for the weekend. I try to come here when I'm in town. Try: Strip Tease roll, Oh Dam Harry roll.
2	I've been on this sushi craving for a while now and after all the talk threads asking for "favorite sushi place" I decided to try this place out. We walked in and it was busy, which I thought was a good sign because then it must be good right? Nope I couldn't be more wrong. We were seated promptly and our order was taken quickly and that's pretty much all that was good. Can I please have a pot of rice with my thin pieces of nigiri? That's exactly what it was. A big ball of rice under a thin piece of fish. The fish was good, but the rice was too much. As for the sushi rolls themselves, pretty much all rice as well. The menu didn't give a good description of the rolls, so 2 of the rolls we ended up ordering were fried, which we wanted to stay away from. The variety of things that came in the sushi rolls were pretty meh, just crab, shrimp or salmon. Nothing that jumped out or made me say "omg I have to get that!" Lastly, I freaking love soft shel crab. I ordered it and was completely disappointed that all I could taste was the tempura batter. There are sooo many other sushi places in Vegas and unfortunately to say that this place is not one of ones I will be back to.
3	I love the rolls at this venue. The no name roll is definitely my favorite. The only reason this place isn't a 5 star is because of it's small space and I think  the customer service could be a little better.
4	My aunt and cousin brought me here for the first time after raving about how delicious it is for hours and I LOVE IT!! My fav was the No Name roll and the Man Whore! The place was def packed but it was a 10 min wait for 5 of us and the service was pretty fast after ordering. The best way to do it is to do the all u can eat sushi with a group of ppl and sample everything u can. Make sure u finish everything cuz they will charge u for what ever u leave.
3	As an ayce this place has pros and cons! We went during lunch during the week, sat at the bar and it was very fast and good service. The problem with sitting by the bar is you can see the tempura just sitting under a lamp not fresh and they pack you in on those stools, not a lot of freedom. The rolls were good but not as much selection as I had hoped. The ayce does come with appetizers and nigiri. We got garlic tuna which was good and light. The cucumber salad was kind of bland. The seafood salad was great with radish noodles and I got to choose my fish- I did tuna and salmon. The chunks of tuna were great but we think the salmon is farm raised therefore more fatty as I could barely eat it. The good part was is you could choose your spice level so the spicy was perfect. The oh dam!! Harry!!! ( I think that's the name) roll was good and spicy, nice and not too heavy. Overall a good experience and I would go back but my search for an ayce place I just crave continues... Found a sushi place but not ayce... So more sushi for me it is!
3	I'm from Cali.. but my family are regulars here, and was raving about how good this place is.  My first impression, this spot is super squished..especially for a large party and small children. There was very little table space.. not to mention walking space. Was not comfortable at all.  But if you don't mind bumping shoulders with strangers while eating your sushi, then to each his/her own.  Oh ya, the sushi was OK.
3	3.5 star.After hearing from some people that liked Yama better than Goyemon, I just had to taste it for myself.  When we arrived on a Thursday evening, the restaurant was packed.  We initially sat at the bar since we didn't have time to wait for a table.  But as soon as a table opened up, she asked if we still want a table and we quickly said yes.Pros:  The Super white tuna, big clam, salmon, and hamachi kama were awesome.  AYCE is a bit cheaper than Goyemon Cons: Scallop wasn't fresh, mackerel wasn't as good, and 2 order limit on the mochi icecream.Verdict:  Yama is decent, but Goyemon is still the reigning champ in my book.
4	This place is great all u can eat!!! Good quality fun rolls ...appitizers are just ok my favorite tools are be mine wet dream and shrimp lover.... Try to make a reservation cuz there always busy
2	My BF and I are looking for a sushi spot to eat cuz we are on this sushi kick and have been to 3 different places within a week.So here we are, at Yama Sushi. We came here because of the reviews. Some are bad, but most are good to great. And what do I think? Well let me explain my rating process.Place is definitely small. Chairs are brushed agains each other and people's backs. Elbow to elbow counter seating. 4 or some times 5 sushi chefs behind the sushi bar. I did liked the island beach back drop tho. 3 stars. Service was good. Got our waters and orders fairly fast. Dirty dishes was taken right away. A lot of servers came and ask how we were doing and was able to order appetizers off of the AYCE menu quickly. So 5 stars for just services from our servers. But sushi chefs, I give 3 stars. No welcoming gestures, just heads down making sushi and when ordered they just gave a nod.Okay here's the real deal. If you are a foodie of sushi, like me, you will probably rate their food as 2 stars. Fish is definitely not extremelyfresh, and all the pieces where all pre-cut so that they could pump them out like a factory machine. We ordered the seafood salad. Seems like a they just put together all the pieces of sashimi fish that didn't make the cut, tossed with a pokie like sauce (no spicy, mild, or spicy) over cucumber and shredded Daikon. Not a fan of that. Order yellowtail and white tuna sushi. It was mushy. Rice is overly vinegary. It's seems like everything had a sour note to it. Soft shell crab was good, the breading was surprising crispy. So 2 stars for the food.So, how do i feel? I didn't like that at all. It seems like they value quantity over quality. I don't know if I can even call those guys behind the sushi bar, chefs. They are just cooks that knows how to make those 20 or something rolls on the menu.And to be honest. I would pay almost double for food that can just blow my mind when it comes to sushi.
3	My friends give this place so much hype. It's either yes or no for sushi and this place is a no for me. The salmon we ordered was warm and mushy, the restaurant is butt naked cold, and the "man whore" roll I ordered was tasty, but not worth going back for.
4	For $24 bucks a person at lunch including tip is pretty good for AYCE sushi.Yama has a good variety of different sushi and rolls for you to choose from. Besides sushi, there are also other appetizers (soft shell crab, chicken, edamame, tofu, etc) that you can order. So you can come with everyone and anyone that wants to eat because you can pretty much satisfy everyone. From people that like sashimi, to rolls, or people that don't like sushi at all they have options here too. There are a couple items that are limit one per person and of course, those are the "premium" items. Uni, yellowtail collar, sashimi salad, sweet shrimp, etc. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yama-sushi-las-vegas?select=3jWsRK-2pIRA9Ze-7JRHDg#dJWIm7XvF6VCJez6GhH80g So heres some tip...- Don't get greedy with the sashimi salad http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yama-sushi-las-vegas?select=3jWsRK-2pIRA9Ze-7JRHDg#3jWsRK-2pIRA9Ze-7JRHDg . Even though its one per person, on order is good for 2/3 people. We made the mistake of ordering 1 per person and that pretty much filled me up 1/3.- They really are anal about rice thats not eaten. So be warned! my friend had like 2 balls of rice on his plate and the lady made it a point to tell us that if he doesn't finish it then we will get charged.- Call before you come so you can see if theres a wait. When we went around 1, there were no wait but by the time we left there was a line forming. I'm guessing that this place gets packed at night. Overall, this is pretty good AYCE Sushi and I will definitely recommend it. Everyone needs  a break from the vegas buffets.
4	Before a business meeting at a local bar, my best friend and I decided to have a lunch date at a new sushi joint to help nurse our hangovers.  I did a little research on my Yelp app and came across this place.  People seemed to really like the place, so I was curious to check it out as well.  I've been to this strip mall many times.  For Albertson's, for the nail salon (eyebrow wax), for Chase bank.  It's a cool area, full of businesses.  It's located on Flamingo and Maryland Pkwy.  Some close businesses that I frequent:  Buffalo Exchange, The Garage, Seafood City, Target, etc.  It's a great neighborhood.  I enter the location and I'm super surprised to find a large venue.  A very small hostess area, but the place has a couple of rooms attached to the big dining area.  We were taken to the room on the right side of the restaurant.  Super cute!  The focal point is the sushi bar.  There's a background montage of flowers, all lit up.  The recess lighting that shines on the bar and cloth picture panels makes for a very enlightening focus.  I really liked it!  The small two top tables were separated with a little Japanese folding curtain to create a more intimate setting for me and my lunch date. As in all sushi joints, I always get the AYCE (All You Can Eat) special.  Since we can after 3pm, we had to pay the dinner price of $23.95.  I also have some very strong feelings and practices when it comes to AYCE.  I always stick to the side dishes, appetizers and nigiri so I can get more for my buck.  Here's what I got, grouped based on my preferences:Things I liked:  Yellowtail nigiri (fresh and less of a fish flavor), Miso soup (perfect for monsoon weather), seaweed salad (lovely taste of the ocean), hamachi kama (collar of the fish, grilled, full of marbleized meat and served with a soy dipping sauce), deep fried mussels (tempura battered and soo good!) and as an exception, the Yama Roll (Tempura shrimp roll with eel, shrimp, avocado layered on top.  Sooo flavorful)Thinks I didn't like:  Gyoza (it was nicely fried, however the filling was not as good as I've tried.  More filling than meat, it seemed), Chicken Teriyaki skewers (tomatoes, onions and white meat chicken.  Not as good as other sushi joints.  The chicken was a bit dry) and the BBQ Ribs (marbleized and flavorful but I prefer more of a grilled rib.  There were not grill marks and it just seemed a bit rubbery)The great thing is that it all still great.  I would definitely be back for more servings of the Hamachi Kama.  I don't often find myself in this area, but when I do, I at least know there's a great sushi joint!
5	Luck would have it that this place is right behind the bank I go to after office meetings on Thursday nights. I never gave it a chance because looking at it from the bank all I saw was a big red sign that said SUSHI. That and it's location on the east side was a red flag to me. Finally, about a month ago I finished my meetings and I was so hungry I didn't care about previous red flags. When I got close enough I saw that this was THE Yama Sushi I've heard about from so many people. Definitely made me happier walking in to try it out. It was packed but I was solo so I didn't wait long for a seat at the bar. Compared to other AYCE spots I found the menu very intriguing from the start because of the sexually themed rolls. I base my review of AYCE sushi places based on the quality of the sushi since I don't get a lot of rolls. My favorite place (I won't name it) still has better quality sushi but the quality here is very good and the portions are massive! The sushi they laid across the rice was probably 3 times the size of my favorite place. To wrap up my night there I had to order the Manwhore roll. The presentation was amazing and the roll was great too! To top it off the service was great! Even though I was at the bar every single server asked me if I needed anything. Sometimes I can't even get a refill of water sitting at the bar at other places. Don't let the east side location deter you. Definitely check this place out if you haven't. I'll be working this place into my Thursday sushi rotation for sure!
4	Great service and the all-you-can-eat menu is diverse and plentiful. Most of the sushi is good quality, but the more unique fish and seafood wasn't as fresh and was served frozen. The scallops that I had were so frozen and flavorless I questioned whether it was  actually scallop.
3	I went with my friend because he was in town from L.A. (former resident), and he raved about Yama Sushi.It was my first experience here, but I have to say it was "ok".   The restaurant itself was alright. It seemed clean, and for 1pm on a tuesday, it was pretty busy. The AYCE is standard reasonable price. The 4 rolls we started our order with came at LIGHTNING speed, but the taste was....meh.. To me, it tasted less fresh and more refrigerated.   It seems a lot of the reviews swear by it, but maybe it was my mood that day, but it just seemed very "meh" to me.  The service, however, is very attentive. :) I gave it three instead of 4 only because I probably wouldn't go back on my own (but I would go if goaded.)
2	The white tuna was really good while the spicy seafood salad, hamachi and salmon were stringy... :-(Service was prompt but waitresses were cold and impatient. Was def not worth 20% tip but we re on vacay so wth...Lunch Total for 2 tax and tips included was $55 Prolly will try another ayce sushi instead next time when we want such.9/14-13Was here yesterday and decided to try Umiya today... And I'm soooo glad I did!  Umiya is by far sooooo much better than Yama!  Seating is way more comfy.  Decor is nicer.  Food is  def better.  And service is much much much much better! Yama should really step up to their game or its goodbye Yama real soon.
5	So, so good.A friend and I had heard good things and stopped by, and we are both sooo glad we did!  AYCE for like $25 for dinner, but it includes everything on the menu!! And they serve half-rolls!! And if you and the party with whom you are dining all order AYCE, you can share!!  I was in heaven.  My friend and I sampled basically everything and were not turned off by a single dish.  The mochi was a perfect ending, too, and several flavours including mango and strawberry.  I keep trying to find reasons to end up on this side of town during their hours!  The place is tucked away in a strip mall and just says SUSHI but don't let that trick you, go stuff yourself.
1	After reading the overwhelmingly positive yelp reviews my fiance and I were excited to try this place out.basics:1. located in a strip mall with a Chase outfront, the restaurant sign reads SUSHI in big letters. You can't miss it.2. plenty of parking.3. They have an all you can eat dinner for $23.99/pp dinner and $20.99/pp lunch. Dinner starts at 3pm.review:1. The seating was awkward and very tight. The 2 person tables are seated right next to each other and you can hear conversations from both sides of the table. 2. The sushi was just plain, very bland. There was no taste.3. My philadelphia roll had SOO much cream cheese it was disgusting. I'll upload a picture..This place is affordable, but the food and the inside seating sucked so much I'm not sure why people leave such good reviews.I would highly recommend Blue Fin Sushi & Roll a few miles away, MUCH better sushi and atmosphere, and it's about the same price. We hit that location on our date night before going to the Galaxy theater which has reclinable seats.I would not recommend this place at all, bad sushi and cramped seating.
5	We love this place! Really friendly and fast service.  We had the all you can eat option and it was incredible! Great quality food! Thanks! We will be back again for sure. :)
4	A couple of friends told me about this spot... I read the Yelp reviews and finally came to try it out. The reviews were right about the Seafood Salad! It's delish! Lots of fresh sashimi and I opted for the spicy sauce. It was MMMM Good! I tried the salmon, tuna, yellow tail, sweet shrimp and scallop sushi. All of it was GREAT except for the Scallop sushi - it was SUPER fishy and not good at all. Def don't recommend THAT. Everything else was great though. Also tried a rainbow roll, spicy tuna and the Happy Ending roll. There are MANY servers floating around always asking you if you want to order anything else so service is pretty much on point there as well. As I was reading the reviews a lot of them said the tables were all TOO close together, but apparently they have expanded the restaurant. There are two sushi bars, some awkwardly placed tables as well, but for the most part it was all good!
5	Great sushi and sashimi. Good price. Perfect service. Not normally a sushi lover but when sushi is like this I could eat it 24/7.
4	The food is amazing. It's well worth the crappy service. The sushi comes out quickly and is always fresh. I would recommend the Stacie Roll as it's my personal favorite. I've been eating here since it first opened and it remains one of my favorite sushi places in town.
4	Their seafood salad is really good. Guiltless and  yummy! Can't go wrong with that. I wish they used the extra room more, its so needlessly congested and cramped in there.
1	Bad service and bad food! As soon as I walked in I noticed there were flies flying around throughout the restaurant. Our waitress got our orders wrong! And then when I couldn't finish the bad sushi she told me I had to eat it!! Are you kidding?! I am not about to be force fed bad sushi!! Anyway, bad service, bad food, and they weren't very clean. Never going there again.
2	Okay so walking in, I expected so much out of this place. I've heard amazing things, and I'm sorry to say this is my first negative review on yelp because of how disappointed I am with Yama Sushi. When we got there the appetizers were amazing.  My boyfriend usually orders about 10 orders of sushi, no problem anywhere else we go. At Yama, he could only manage to order 5 because the service was so bad. Our sushi chef was rude, and very blunt. Not once did he greet us or smile, and he made us feel like we were just another number. He made the guys next to us feel welcome and smiled but when he would turn to us, he gave us another face. I just feel like you should make everyone feel welcome and appreciated, not just your regulars. Then when it came to dessert, I ordered a chocolate mochi. I received a mochi, that seemed like it had been cut with a knife someone else used prior to cut something spicy. So my mochi tasted like it had hot sauce on it. It was gross. That alone makes me question how unsanitary that place must be. All in all, the sushi was below mediocre. I've tasted better sushi almost anywhere else. Sorry to say, I won't be back. :/
1	Completely fleeced me. Asked the lady up front about all you can eat sushi but that I don't eat carbs. She said ok. Them served me and charged me $50 for individual rolls because I didn't eat the rice. Did not take care of it properly and then avoided me for the rest of the meal.
5	This place was recommended by a friend from Florida who I happen to see at the MGM. The decor is simple, but the food is amazing. I went with the "All You Can Eat" and it was so worth it, since I normally run away from the concept. I can't remember what rolls I had but I started with the Seafood Salad which I'll recommend to anyone. It's spicy, tangy and yummy! The chefs really know how to blend flavors. Yama is about 15 minutes away from the strip but it's so worth the cab ride. I'd recommend this place to anyone heading to Vegas.
4	Amazing deal for AYCE sushi!  Go for the rolls and your favorite sushi.  I skipped the much recommended sashimi salad, because I felt it would fill me up before the I could sample the rolls and I'm pretty sure I made the right choice (I don't eat as much as I used to).  The sushi tastes pretty fresh, and I they didn't skimp on the fish like they would at buffet places.  The sushi and the rolls are pretty much as you would get at any mid-range sushi restaurant in LA.  But seriously, you're not here about the quality of the food, you're here to stuff yourself silly with sushi, one of the best things in the world to eat.  The good thing is you can order half rolls, so you can sample more.  I really liked that they have detailed descriptions on the menu, so you know the difference and what goes into them.  I don't particularly care for the cooked rolls, so if you're a little tepid about raw fish, you should be ok. It's hard to remember the rolls I have, as it seems to all wash together pretty well, but overall the quality was excellent and I would go back.  They have several AYCE sushi places to choose from in Vegas, and so far both places I've gone to exceeded my expectations.  The thing about this place I remember is they have the salmon caviar sushi - ikura- which is worth ordering if you like it.  I don't think the other place I went to in Chinatown had it.  Also service was really nice and quick, they had people constantly coming in just pigging out and indulging themselves, I'm sure the waitresses here are exhausted.  I'd recommend eating at the bar, as you can order directly to the chefs so it's a quicker service.
4	The YACE is a great deal! The food is fresh and always good. The place is usually packed so expect to wait if you come on the weekend or in the evening. Its worth the wait.
5	I love this place! Its funny to read a review of some people who complained that they have been charge because they left rice, its clearly said on menu that you pay for rice if you leave it. You have to eat it all. Come on price are good for the quality. Rolls apear within a minute after order!
4	The East side of the vegas strip is not known for its Sushi but Yama sushi is absolutely a hidden gem. Amazing All You Can Eat menu and has become one of my top sushi restaurants in all of vegas
5	BEST SUSHI IN TOWN. In love with their fire crackers . You definitely get your money's worth and AYCE is the cheapest I've found for this quality of food . Service is extremely quick for the amount of business they have . I have always had to wait for a table and I'm one of the most impatient people ever ... And when I say I don't mind waiting for this place it shows how good it is .They also just expanded and made their place larger so it has slimmed down the wait times a bit but I highly recommend their AYCEThe only negative point I could give is that the seats are Packed so tightly together that it can be a little uncomfortable especially during their busiest hours on the weekends and most nights
4	LOL....They weren't kidding when they say you must eat all your food. The couple next to me ordered this spicy roll and it was too spicy.  They had 3 pieces left when the waitress stopped by to check on them.  They asked her if they have to eat the last 3 pieces and the waitress immediately said yes. The look on their faces was comical. I admit I can eat spicy food but their spicy rolls are really spicy. Overall the food is good and fresh. The service is fast and efficient.
5	LOVE this place! Our favorite place for AYCE sushi!! Sit at the bar if you can, shorter wait on your order. Super white fish n garlic tuna nigiri !Harry Potter Roll!DynamiteSeafood saladGreat service! Great food!
5	I have been going to this place for about 6 years and it has only gotten better. Been living in California the past 4 years and this was always my first visit when I came back. Now that I'm back for good, I get to go every week!The best bang for your buck AYCE sushi place in Vegas. Service is solid, the owners are even very nice. Not exactly the greatest location, but don't let that deter you. Here are a couple of suggested rolls that I love: Wet Dream Roll (lives up to its name) & the No Name Roll.
4	Service is fast and the food is great. The only thing that is different than most Vegas restaurants is the weird way the push people through. It's hard to explain but worth the experience
3	This is my go to sushi spot when at work or near UNLV. They have an awesome assortment of rolls and sauces are very good. My favorite things to order are the seafood salad at mild spiciness, wet dream roll, one minute man stuffed shrimp and Harry potter roll. Everything has great flavor and the fish if fresh.Only downside is the servers and if you are with someone who is not doing all you can eat the staff glares at you to make sure you are not sharing. Come on don't make me feel like I am a child... We won't share!!!!
3	Have been eating at Yama for several years. Their service is great but aside from the seafood salad, nothing stands out. The fish to rice is uneven and not in the manner that is for the guest.
5	After hearing that there is no good sushi in Las Vegas due to a lack of ... Oceans ... I decided to venture out into the desert wilderness a 5 min drive down flamingo road from Caesers Palace to the restaurant.  The place was bustling with patrons, waiting in every available seat and standing inside and outside waiting for a table.  Obviously, this place was well known and popular.  A good sign indeed.I went inside and was miraculously seated at the bar without any wait (birthday luck I guess).  I embarked on the best all you can eat (ayce) sushi experience ever.  Fresh fish, balanced proportion of rice to fish (an ayce rarity) and the most expedient and friendly sushi chefs.  I tried the Yama roll and something with soy paper, soft shell crab, scallop and crunchies that melted in my mouth. Let's not forget the 4 orders of mouth wattering albacore, my two handrolls, and a reorder of the Yama roll as a handroll.  When it was all done I even got mochi ice cream and regular ice cream.  Ayce + dessert in the desert was a rare bonus.  For $23 bucks for dinner, I will be coming back here everytime I come to Vegas.The service staff were so unbelievably attentive and nice; going above and beyond.   This place deserves 6 stars.  I'm going to dream about these rolls now; don't go anywhere else, this is the real deal.  YamaZing!
4	Always order the half rolls that a way you can try a variety of different rolls without getting too full too fast :) I was bummed they didn't have the yellow tail sashimi when i was there, but that just gives me a reason to come back the next time i come to las vegas.
4	Went here on a whim with a friend after catching a buzz at a nearby bar. Glad I did, it was packed but still got a table in 15 minutes. Sushi kept coming at me like a pack of zombies and sushi was fresher than Will Smith!
5	In Las Vegas on Business and used Yelp to find this spot. Based on good reviews we decided to give it a try and are very happy we did. The hostess was very nice and sat us promptly. There are so many rolls to choose from I was having a hard time deciding on what to order. Our waitress explained that we could choose the all you can eat option and order halves of the rolls so that we could have a good variety. A lot of times people reference good food to simply quantity or size and I am always disappointed. That is simply not the case here...the sushi is fresh and the rolls are excellent. Our server Leslie was awesome...THE VALUE FAR EXCEEDS THE COST!!! I will definitely make sure to come back next time I am in Las Vegas!!!
4	3 words....wet dream roll!!
5	Im up in Vegas jus for a few days for a birthday and I found this through yelp. I am definitely suprised at how good the quality was. I went for dinner ($23.99)  and they had a pretty good amount of choices. But I really liked how the rolls were not as big as regular rolls so I can try more rolls. The seafood salad is definitely a must try.
2	As someone who doesn't like "real" sushi, as in I like my food cooked. This place was the pits. Very small selection of non-raw rolls. It seemed like all they offered was california roll with this and california rioll with that.  I was very disappointed in the selection and it is really cramped in there. It was ok, but I have definately had much better
5	This all you can eat sushi buffet caught me of guard.  I came in with no expectations because my friends chose this place, and boy I left feeling full and satisfied.  I also left feeling angry because no such place exists in the Bay Area!All the specialty sushi are good and I think the next best thing for me is there service. I was expecting to get up and pick my sushi in a buffet line, but everything is made to order and brought to you!  I LOVE it!
4	My favorite spot in vegas. Extremely fresh salmon and tuna, generous portions, AYCE. Price is right
2	Terrible service. There was a reason why I didn't tip the server and before I left, she stopped me and asked me why I didnt pay tip. Seriously?Okay food. Try Blue Fin instead
4	This place was great !! Everything was so tasty..the menu was not as big as some places but still fantastic !! Only thing I thought was kinda aaaa nasty was the sweet shrimp.. The tail was raw and taste pretty good wit the sauce.. Just the fried head taste.. Mmm like it's been in a dirty fish tank lol.. And it was not fried hard enough to eat threw the shell idk.. But other then that lol.. Place is super great !! I'm going back !!
5	If your looking for sushi that will not hurt your wallet, this is the spot.  For $20 AYCE sushi and the quality and freshness of the shrimp and fish selection, it is simply an awsome spot to try.  We came with a group of 13 and our server, Moo, was great!  Hot tea never got cold, food kept on coming, grandma was taken care of and kids was happy.  Location is a bit off the strip but it is worth the trip.
4	Great Food, best Sushi in Vegas by far. A must try, its always packed and the wait times are crazy sometimes but what do u expect for good food, They finally made it bigger inside to accommodate more customers, The only why I didn't give them a 5 is because the owners are rude, they charge me for my infant as a sitting fee so they charge us extra on a tip but didn't realize it till we got home, other then that its great food.
1	This place really pisses me off.  Being in the food service industry in vegas for over ten yen years I find the plates here offensive.  In an attempt to defer their food cost. All the sushi you order has a ridiculous amount of rice on it so as to fill you up fast.  You incur more cost if you don't eat all your  rice at all you can eat restaurants. Fine. Charge me more up front.  I come to sushi ,to eat fish. I mentioned the abundance of rice on my sushi to my server. Her suggestion was. "Order off the appetizer menu". That's cute. There's almost no fish on that menu.  Two hands way down.
2	Came into town with a couple of friends and one of our Vegas friend took us here, well because, we're tired of the strip's food and wanted sushi! Anyway, this place is pretty small and cluttery however, the sushi is decently good! Service was not great. The waitress was pretty short when we were seated. SHe just handed us the menu. Didn't ask us if it was our first time here, didn't ask us how our day is going. I mean, I know you could careless about our day, but you're in the restaurant industry...you're trying to work for your tips. Please, make sure you have good customer service, no need of excellent...just good. Once we were ready for our bill, our waiter suddenly hit bipolar and became nice and more talkative... okay... not cool. Good sushi not great service.
4	Yama is the sushi place that made me love AYCE places in Vegas. They used to be smaller but I think they've expanded their space. I actually haven't been here in years, but my friend and I decided to come here for lunch. A couple of things you should get:Seafood salad: fish galore! Tired of rice? This is a must! It also has a Fried muscles: you can just never go wrong with this.All of the special rolls kind of taste the same, don't get me wrong they're still delicious. I enjoyed getting just maybe 2 rolls an trying other stuff on the menu. Turn off about the place thought? The waitress and waiters kept switching. A bunch of people would ask us for orders so we never knew who to tell or what to tell them. It's nice that they're attentive, but maybe just a little too much.
4	I don't like sushi enough to get the all you can eat, but a friend of mine is a sushi fiend and loved it. I got the bento box and it was very good. The vanilla mochi wasn't bad either!
4	but is good and the Abacord looks like any other fish tha sea food i have to said yes is the yama signature plate is excelent tuna salmon littel yello tail n littel of Red Snapper top with warm krisppy srimp tempura in a spice derssing,nobody in town serve that sea food salad only Yama, if you dont eat in Yama yet you missing a nice ayce sushi you need to try it /8
5	Great customer service, they were on it refilling my drinks and asking if I wanted to order anything. The food is delish. I love how u can order half rolls. Gotta get the seafood salad, soft shell crab and the fried mussels. The fish always taste great and fresh. Signature rolls are awesome. Order the sweet shrimp don't be afraid of the crispy shrimp head. Whenever I'm in town I always try to make it to this off the strip gem.
5	I lived in Vegas while I earned my master's degree, and Yama was the first stop after getting my teaching stipend for the month. This is hands down the best sushi in Vegas. There's a reason for all the people waiting! It's excellent sushi, all-you-can-eat for a great price. The only thing you can possibly be charged extra for is wasted sushi and drinks. The service is pretty quick considering how packed it usually is, and they opened up a new section recently so more people can enjoy all that Yama has to offer. I spent a year away in Europe and this was the first place I wanted to eat when I went back to Las Vegas. Don't waste your money on the Strip, Yama is a quick cab ride away and TOTALLY WORTH IT!
4	Yama Sushi is one of the best sushi places in Las Vegas! The location is close to my apartments which is very convenient and the food is amazing!  If you are in the market for an all you can eat location then this is the spot!  Sea Food Salad is an amazing dish, I prefer the spicier version! the rolls are great. definitely worth checking out! plus the new remodel allows for more patrons then ever before! 4 stars! check it out!
4	Yama sushi is the best all you eat sushi in Las Vegas period. However I think that the rest of Las Vegas also agrees with me the wait is long. However I love this place and the wait is no problem for me.
5	Went 3 times in a month.. The Service is very good and the food was so GOOD! Wet Dream & Ellen are my 2 favorite ones...  will come back foosho!!
1	Oh how it pains me to say this, but yama sucks now. I've been going there for years and I Just keep having more and more problems every time. So now we're done. No more yama.  They aren't the best anymore anyway,  we have found that sushi mon, and daisho sushi are both consistantly better and have higher quality and better service. The only reason we went to yama again is because they're closer to our home.  Not anymore. It's not worth it when they consistently ruin our meals with their poor service.  Last time we had to ask for a new table because they tried to stuff 6 adults and a high chair at a 4 person table and set a plate of silverware including knives directly in front of our 2 yr old, which he picked up, of course. Then they put wasabi right in front of him. It was like pulling teeth to get them to give us a new table and we had to speak to the mgr to get it. Time before that, our server was the rudest person I ran in to all year. And this time the server came and rudely told my husband he needed to take his foot off of the chair because a customer complained, when we asked for the mgr we were told they were out of town. It was the equivalent of the server telling you to take your elbows off the table. And it was lunch. Plus they kept running into my chair the whole time I was eating, now that's rude. That's it, we're done. We used to put up with their crap service bc their food was so good, unfortunately their food isn't great anymore so it's just not remotely worth it. We will just go farther now to somewhere cheaper that has better food and service. Yama, we're over!
4	Yama Sushi is the reason I am now a sushi junkie! Love it!
5	This is our favorite sushi bar in Vegas.  If you can, hit it at lunch.  Cheaper AYCE and less crowded at that time.  Enjoy it and the fish much more than Blue Fin.
5	We went into this restaurant our first night in Las Vegas, after driving from Oceanside, CA, and checking into our hotel. I had done my research on the place before the Vegas trip with my wife and kid, and decided to give it a shot. We arrived there at around 6:30pm on a Sunday, and there was no wait for us to be seated- awesome! We got seated, and found out that since my kid is 2 years old, she gets to eat the all-you-can-eat for free! So, my wife and I both got AYCE, and ordered for the three of us. The sushi tasted fresh, and was brought out in a timely manner, which was surprising since the place was packed. There were some rolls that you can only have once, like the no-name roll, and the Ellen roll and, boy, were they good! We ended with some ice cream, and it was delicious as well. A few things to note: - Our bill came up to $60 after tax and tip for 2 people. Not bad for the quality of sushi that you got. - You can order anything from the menu, and some things you can only order one per person (Ellen and no-name rolls). We could have gotten three each of those (since there were three of us), but decided not to. I'm not sure if the restaurant employees are strict on that policy, but we didn't try to test it. - The restaurant has a no wasting rule. If you, for example, decide to eat the fish only in your sushi rolls, and don't want to eat the rice, then you get charged... Again, I'm not sure if the restaurant enforces this, but it's stated on the menu. - We only got one menu for our table. It was kind of difficult for us to try to stare at one menu with our 2-year old being interested in using the menu as a toy as well. I guess it's the norm here, because all the other tables we looked at had one menu. - They gave us our check before we were done eating. My wife wanted more ice cream, and we asked for it as we were handing over my credit card. Needless to say, it was a bad decision to pay and then ask for more food. We never got our ice cream, after waiting a while, writing in the tip and signing, and just deciding to leave. This place still gets a 5-star review despite the shortcoming on the ice cream. Perhaps they were doing us a favor, because we left there stuffed! We'll probably be back the next time we visit Las Vegas. It was thoroughly enjoyable.
3	I never wanted to go back here but seeing as my girlfriend wanted to try it, I gave in. I must admit the food was much better this time, but my menu was covered in grease and every time I wanted more water I had to ask. And then she brings me my bill before asking if i'd like anything else. The food was so much better that I was going to improve my rating by two stars and give them four stars but due to the poor service they only get three. Hopefully they will keep improving because I live right across the street...
4	Wow ate here couple day ago! From LA so like sushi and picky! This place was fan-tas-tic! Price was right and fish was good! I've eaten all you can eat sushi in Cali and this was comparable if not better! Plan on goin again this week!
5	My wife and I love sushi and we have trouble affording it sometimes, but this place has by far the best value for sushi we've come across and the quality doesn't suffer one bit. We'd eat here every day if we could afford it. I haven't had anything on their menu I didn't like yet, and it's all very fresh. If you love Sushi and you live in the las vegas you have to try this!! I would recommend all you can eat sushi for $25
5	First, they told us the wait was going to be half an hour. It only took like 15 mins. They are fast!The staff is really friendly. The food came out super fast except for the chicken teriyaki. The rolls have kinky names ;) and they taste good too! I also got the seafood salad and that was BOMB.com. It had big chunks of salmon and tuna. It was perf that the wait time was shortened and the food came out fast because my girl and I still had to get ready to hit the club and we were going to be late! Like always.
5	You will love this place. Great food, great music, great service, great price. Great, great, and great all you can eat sushi this is the place! enjoy!
5	This location has expanded since last time we have been here, so the wait is much shorter. The sushi is still the best!! Try the seafood salad. It's a spicy sashimi salad. So YUM!!
5	The best sushi place in town by far. Big serving. Best sushi. Good servers. Try the Ellen roll with soy wrap..hmm. Thick and good roll.
4	If you are in the Las Vegas area. I'd recommend this place, but its expensive. The sushi quality raw or cooked is really nice. I was with my parents and we ordered mostly raw sushi but as far as Separate orders from all of us I ordered 3 plates of yellowtail, my dad ordered tuna roll and a unagi roll (sorry for my spelling typo) for my mom. I wish we could've ordered more, but we didn't want to spend over our limit, yet I was only one who could eat more sushi. Great Restaurant, But there's another reason why also other than it being expensive It seems like the wait staff don't know who is taking orders for certain table. I mean I can agree yeah I'm happy Grab our attention By being prompt and attentive, But have more communication on who took The Order.
1	Chef is pissed and waitress doubted that the rice has too much vinegar.  Also loaded on rice which is not a good quality. Service is slow.  The chef yells who complains in all you can eat sushi place. Very rude. Never come again. Vinigar taste...worst sushi place. Do not come here.  Oh and one guy ran to the restroom to vomit everything.  Later waitress was more attentive and nicer.
2	okay... we saw a cockroach at the entrance area..this little friend was crawling from the dinning area toward the lectern where waitress greets people.. this guy ran toward under the wooden lectern and never returned to be seen again.anyways, every time when my boyfriend and I are having a trip to Vegas, we go to Kaya Sushi but this time we came here since the rating and reviews were better.Sushi was okay, but the scallop was very BAD. It was obvious that it has been just melted to a room temp. very watery, spongy like, cold texture :/ yuck. I was told you can leave two pieces per person without being charged.So I had to eat the whole two pieces cause I had to save that two pieces for the roll that we ordered.MANWHORE ROLL, as it sounds, was DISGUSTING!!!!!!I am one of people who is not a picky eater - one of those that say "ooo this is good!" for everything but comon.... this roll.. was.. just horrible. I think they come up with this roll just to increase their menu selections. freal.yet the sushi was okay - esp salmon and white tuna-  but i should have left when I saw the cockroach..
2	This place... *sigh* I usually go to goyemon and I wanted a change so I came to Yama. I saw all the good reviews here so I was like why not. The wait time wasn't bad like 10minutes? We got seated and the server got our orders. The shrimp tempura was good and the baked mussels. Seafood salad was good. Everything was all good until  those three came out. Just FYI I usually order sushi not rolls because rolls just fills you up and I order alottt at once because I don't like food pauses. I don't like it when there is a pause for my sushi to come out because you can slowly feel full. This is where everything went wrong. The fish was not fresh and the amount of rice they put with the raw fish is freakin ridiculous. You can't even taste the fish because there's so much rice. After 4 or 5 sushi, there was a 10minute pause. And also the server got mixed up with our order so she gave it to the table next next to us...FAIL. we ordered half a roll which was the no name and that was actually good. So in my opinion, I think this place is popular for their rolls not the fish. If you like rolls then it'll prolly be a hit for you, but it was def. a miss for a fish lover like me.Oh and also, we ordered dessert and the dessert came out twice became the servers got mixed up again.. The ending didn't even end up nicely... I am def sticking with my goyemon and sushimon nxt time
5	Love LOVE LOVE. They recently expanded FINALLY! I've been waiting for this moment since I first started going there. The expansion is small but it fits another 12 or so tables plus another sushi bar! As always the rolls were on point the sushi was fresh and everything came out in a very timely fashion. No matter how many other places I have tried, Yama will always be my favorite :)
5	I've been going to Yama for a few years. I've tried every sushi place that has been highly recommended and I ALWAYS go back to Yama. They're rolls Are amazing. My favorite is the Happy Ending. It's a salmon roll with a slice of lemon on top and it's heaven in your mouth. Sometimes we have a wait but it's need been too long. The all you can eat price is super cheap for the quality of food. I love this place. Do it!
4	Living in San Diego and coming to Vegas every New Year, my family and I came here twice and I have been pleased every time. I always get the Nigiri which was fresh and also the Seafood salad is a must get! It's a mixture of different types of fish in a delicious sauce. The price you pay for AYCE is well worth it because the portions and quality is on point.
5	Yama to me, means YUMMY!!! Yummy Sushi!! You have a choice for a la carte or all you can eat. Now if you love sushi as much as I do, Go for the All you can eat! There is no specific time limit like what we have here in the San Fernando Valley. When you look at the menu, look for the one with the * (asterisk sign) those are limited orders per person. Sadly, they limit you on mochi!!! i love mochi!! thats a bit weird since my friend natalie has a dog named mochi!! :/ well anyways, the first time we had came here was in 2012 and I wasn't sure if my family would come here again. However, in 2013 we came here for our Christmas Eve dinner. What can you say about that? Now, what to order? For me.. I am huge on sushi. I will order the sushi first which is tamago(egg), Salmon, Masago, Eel (Unagi), Sweet Shrimp (now this is a treat, because they are limited orders but the head of the shrimp is HUGE and edible and fried). As for drinks, I prefer you order water. Don't drink any drinks that much because the rice will expand and you will definitely get full easily. A favorite for my dad and some of you who have family members, friends who can't tolerate fish... well you can order beef, pork cutlets, chicken, etc. Now, for the main thing to order! is the seafood salad. They put in all different sashimi (tuna, salmon, albacore) into a salad. OMG this is for sure the best appetizer on the menu. So, come on, take a chance on this sushi place. The wait times aren't as bad, since it's off the strip. If you live in Las Vegas or California, definitely check out my blog at tastypalateandfoodie.blogspot.com
3	I am sad to say that Yama is no longer my favorite AYCE sushi joint in Las Vegas. I am happy for their success because they were finally able to expand, but their customer service has definitely went down and so did the quality of the food that they offer. The few times I have visited lately, the fish was too soft as if it has been sitting out awhile and the rolls seriously lack in flavor. The sauces aren't even helping it out. The customer service is a joke with a gentleman sticking his finger in my face telling me he will be with me in one second. But still, definitely the cheapest with the AYCE dinner price of $23.95.
5	I love sushi and have never been at such a wonderfully delicious restaurant. It is in a strip mall, off the strip, and worth the wait.  All you can eat but not run of the mill sushi....fabulous choices.  The staff is helpful and allow you to order half rolls if you want.  A must for everyone.
5	Good grade sushi. Well prepared and best of all it's All-you-can-eat!! It's $20 per person for all-you-can-eat and as small as I am I was able to eat at least $50 worth of sushi. If you choose to do the all-you-can-eat make sure you eat all your food otherwise they'll add on an extra charge. You'll leave this place with a very full but happy stomach
5	Followed Yelp Reviews To Yama on our most recent trip out from LA.  Solid! Thoroughly enjoyed our first experience here.  Arrived at 530. Waited 20 min. Finished By 7. Line was about 40 people deep! Most of the fish was fresh.  Only the halibut tasted a bit fishy. Uni was a tad gooey but tasted fine. We'll be back for sure!
3	The seafood salad is amazing!  The sushi I thought was 'meh'.  While the names of the special rolls sound interesting, the taste was pretty mediocre.  I'd come back for the seafood salad in a heartbeat though!
4	I love going here. All you can eat sushi for a decent price. The food is great and the selection as well. The only negative I have is the mochi balls aren't all you can eat.
4	I've been here about 4 times I always have a good experience although when I went on a very busy Saturday night it was extremely packed and the service took a hit and it's quite packed . Great food end of story highly recommended
4	My first love. when I strictly only ate specialty rolls because they have the best ones I've had. (Ie. sun of the beach, wet dream, no name). Lately, I've been a nigiri type of guy and yama doesn't really have high quality fish and the rice to fish ratio is ridiculous. They definitely lost touch on their service. always missing an item or two. sometimes I feel rushed but overall I still like the place and it'll forever be a love/hate relationship lol.
5	Very good Sushi for an amazing price, roughly 25$ a person and its all you can eat!  Everything is usually Fresh, tasty and comes out quickly. Me and the hubby come here anytime we are in Vegas!So if it is your first time, you have 2 choices, either AYCE or item by item. If you choose AYCE, you can order anything off the menu, literally everything on there. Start slow, as you do have to eat everything you order or there can be an upcharge, but I assume this is so someone doesn't order 10 rolls and pick off 1 piece of each! You can also order Half rolls of most things, so great way to try them. Nigri is included! Also Sashimi by way of an item called "seafood salad" .. try it spicy, and thank me later! Food -  Very good stuff and high quality for the price. Personal favorites Seafood Salad Spicy ... 10 stars?!Be Mine Roll .... Deliciousness Striptease without the spicy tuna Deep Fried Mussels Soft Shell Crab... save the sauce from the seafood salad and dip in thereMiso Soup ... normally dont like this at other places, but here its yum!Smoked Salmon Nigri .... dont mind if I do Staff ... Very friendly and coming around non stop for drinks, new orders, etc. They are always smiling and fast! Ambiance .. So this is the only part that stinks! It is a really small area and everything is kind of cramped. I wish it was larger and more comfortable sitting area, but really if we sat on the floor, I would still go there. So while not a great date place, but amazi
5	Their food is excellent, service is excellent, I LOVE THERE SEAFOOD SALAD SPICY! Everything is good, except I wish they had a more variety with  desserts overall everything is good, the price, food, and service :)
5	Good sushi, good price, friendly and attentive service.  It's AYCE, but they make the sushi right when you order it.  It'll take a couple of minutes, but it's worth it. Definitely a great restaurant choice if you want to take a break from the strip.
4	Awesome AYCE sushi joint in Las Vegas. Variety of appetizers, sushi and rolls to choose from. You can even order half rolls. Place is small and cramped. Didn't have to wait too long to be seated for lunch. About $25/person.. You'll def get your money's worth - I did! - check out my pics and you'll see I ate enough sushi to last me a few days :) Great customer service. I'd definitely go back. Pros: Best value for sushi and nice selection of rolls. Quality doesn't suffer. Ample parking. Cons: Tight, cramped seating.
4	This place always packed for the price no the food it was reasonable. Place small too tied. Service above average. Whoever love sushi this is a place to come for the price
4	This place is not so consistent whenever we go there.. Don't get me wrong this is one of my favorite sushi places but sometimes the wait is long, awkward crowded space, occasionally waiters will mess up orders.. But the food is a plus! AYCE! Can't go wrong with ordering Salmon Kama, Sun of the Beach Roll, Wet Dream Roll, Salmon Skin Hand Roll, and much more!
5	If you are a sushi pig like I an, this place is the spot for you! For 25 bucks, you can do the all you can eat sushi option. Honestly, it's not the best sushi I have had personally, but it is still pretty good for what you pay for. I really like the names of the sushi, very adult-oriented. The rolls are made fresh and they come out quickly. Their service is great, never an empty water glass. Any hungry sushi lover should hit this place up. Sushi snobs may want to take a pass on this. Be warned, thus place is pretty popular and there may be a wait!
4	Before I rave about how much I liked this place, I have to say how much I hate all you yelpers for making me try their wet dream roll. You are all trolls. It was disgusting and I thought I was going to throw up. UGH. Now...every thing else was wonderful! I loved the option to do half rolls, so you can try more things! We had their seaweed salad, crab legs, gyoza for apps. Rolls we had who's your daddy, devil, and some others I can't remember. Everything was great, the people working were nice and quick. I highly suggest this place! (But do NOT have the wet dream roll damnt. Dont do it!)We took the 202 bus from the strip, quick 10 minute ride!
5	5 stars hands down.  So delicious.  I am so finicky about sushi, and this was hands down the best!  I went a few weeks ago, and I can't even remember what I ordered, but I tried a few different rolls and non rice dishes.  All of them were SO GOOD!
4	We eat here quite a bit.  It is best if you can go for a late lunch or early dinner, otherwise it is really busy.  Friday and Saturday nights are crazy.  Great food.
5	My favorite AYCE sushi in Vegas ! No name and sun of the beach are amazing
5	Great place,  friendly service.   Well run.   The food is very good.   We had about 10 different rolls and they were all great.   Highly recommend this place for all you can eat  and regular dining.
5	This has become my favorite sushi spot in Vdgas. Took the family for dinner did AYCE for $25 (about) per person. The Superman roll was my favorite as well as the Yobo roll (off menu gotta ask for it). The service was great and the staff was really friendly and attentive. It was a wonderful experience for the fam. & we seriously ate way too much... But it was worth it. Yum!
5	WET DREAM! WET DREAM! WET DREAM!No Yelpers! Take your mind out of the gutter! Wet dream is the BEST roll they have there. God, I'm drooling just thinking about it right now. Creamy with a kick of spiciness from the jalapeno. Your trip to Vegas is not complete without stopping by Yama Sushi. It's reasonably priced at $23ish dollars a person for AYCE (sorry I don't have the exact price) but it's definitely worth it.They only give an order of Uni and Sweet shrimp to each person, which is fine considering those are the "expensive" types of sushi. I personally loved the Yellowtail and Spicy Tuna handroll. They also have mochi ice cream and regular ice cream.Don't forget to finish all your food!
1	The sushi was fine, but after last night's experience, I refuse to ever go back. Here are the reasons:1. A Fire Hazard: Even though the restaurant has recently expanded, it's still the size of an igloo. 2. Speaking of cold, the service matches just that. I told the hostess (Cynthia) that it will be a party of five for Angelina. She called me "Angelica" three times. The third time, she did it on purpose only because she knew I was pissed off and tired of correcting her.3. Our waitress would not allow me to share one small piece of sushi with my friend who wanted to try it. The waitress said it was not permitted because my friend wasn't getting all-you-can-eat. If I want to share my food with a friend, I will share my food! I've never ran into that ridiculous rule at any of the MANY sushi joints I've ever been to. 4. Watch Your Car, Watch Your Back, Watch Your Belongings: Yama isn't exactly in the type of neighborhood where you can easily sit back and relax. Especially while waiting outside during long waits. There was this one shady dude in particular, who was flying by on a bike outside. He was screaming profanities to NO ONE in particular at the top of his lungs. He had no phone and no blue tooth on him either. Which brings me to my next two points, don't do drugs and there will be shady idiots.5. How Long Can You Wait Before You Hit Boiling Point? Again, that place is too small, that's why you will always have to suffer the long wait times. On top of it, battling the children they have for hostesses, and then to follow, the rude waitress. Everybody seems to be a genius when it comes to knowing the difference between good sushi and bad sushi. Unfortunately, everybody that goes to Yama, seems to have a hard time noticing the difference between good service, bad service and the obvious fact that you can go somewhere else cleaner, BIGGER, providing a much smaller wait time and still providing great sushi. Take that as a warning and a good tip, sushi lovers.In regards to going to Yama Sushi, if you still decide to volunteer as tribute, may the sushi forever be in your favor. Because everything else there may not be.Good luck!
5	I always enjoy my time at Yama. The sushi is always delicious to me, it doesn't taste frozen or dry or chewy. The soft shell crab is now a favorite and I get it every time I visit. The price is good, the service isn't always good but the food keeps it's stars :)
5	This is my favorite place to hve sushi . There oh Harry Roll is my favorite and over all it's not expensive if u get all you can eat
3	Such a long wait! Every time my group asked the host how much longer, the host would go around the question & never gave a straight forward answer. She led us on & should have have told us our table would take longer than expected.Besides that, the fish was fresh & the sushi was so good. Since its an AYCE spot, they have a lot of rules (must finish all your food, no sharing, etc. otherwise they will charge) but that's expected.Our server wasn't fluent in English, but she was patient & helped us get around the "rules". Kudos to her.
4	Have been here a handful of times and finally decided to write a review.  During previous visits, service has always been spot on.  On my most recent visit, however, the service wasn't the same.  The place wasn't terribly busy, but for some reason, our sushi orders weren't coming out as quickly as they had during previous visits.  The food is great, though.  It's a fairly small place located in a strip mall, so if you happen to show up during the lunch or dinner rush, be patient.  Despite the less than stellar service we received during our most recent visit, you can bet I'll be back for more.  Can't beat the price for an all-you-can-eat sushi bar!
5	This is the hidden jewel in Vegas. The diamond in the rough. A lot of out of towner's don't know about Yama because it's off the Strip. Don't waste your money at any other sushi spot in Vegas. Eat at Yama once, and you'll never wanna eat at another sushi spot again! $25 for all you can eat, tons of choices, great staff. All your typical appetizers, all your typical rolls, sushi, and sashimi. But what puts Yama above all the others are their special rolls! Many tasty selections to choose from. You can order by the half or full roll, and most of the rolls can be rolled into the seaweed cones by request (Son of the Beach hand roll!!!). Hands down, Yama is the best sushi spot in all of Vegas. Don't go anywhere else to satisfy your sushi fix. You'll regret it!!!
4	In a strip mall so look for it! I love this place. Great all you can eat specials! Amazing sushi! My favorite is the Wet Dream. Staff is friendly, too.
3	i went here because of the great reviews & all my friends keep talking about this place, saying it's the best ayce sushi joint in Vegas. & how people wait a few hours here cause it's so worth it. When we arrived there, we only waited 5mins max. Maybe i was expecting a lot, but it doesnt even compare to CA ayce sushi joints. I thought the rolls were sloppy, too much rice. the nigiri fish to rice ratio was way off. & the fish didnt look too fresh either.PROS =- waiter was nice & cool and only charged us a few bucks to, to-go some leftovers- seafood salad- seaweed salad- fried green mussels- this one roll with spicy crab ontopthey do have a large selection for rolls, hand rolls & appetizers. But, it's just decent. If i lived in Vegas, Maybeee i'll come back again. But as an out of towner, I would never come back to eat here again.
5	Just got back from Vegas. Was told about this place did not believe it until tried it for myself. What a  unbelievable experience!!!!'  OMG!!! Going back in March to Vegas that will be our  first  stop from the airport.
4	I love this place. I have been here well over 20 times and it never gets old
5	GREAT sushi! I sat at the bar, chefs were very attentive and extremely friendly. Definitely plan on returning soon and with friends or family!
2	Seems like it's always crowded with out of towers. Its an AYCE sushi restaurant, which for me always sounds alarms. The fish was not that fresh and they were really fast on delivering sushi to you table. Which is good if you are hungry, but if you are trying to chat with your friends than forget about a peaceful conversation. There was an interesting incident that happened in front of our eyes. A homeless man walked into the restaurant, his jeans were torn as was his shirt. The server got him a table right across from our table and later got into a huge argument over the homeless man eating left over food from other people's plates. It was kind of embarrassing and sad, but the restaurant ended up kicking the guy out. And this is what I mean, when I say that their service was really fast and it seemed like getting customers, feeding them fast and serving new customers impacts their quality of customer service. Also, sushi quality needs a lot of improvement.
4	Very good sushi place. You know it's a good place when it's packed at 10pm and there is a wait for a table. I liked the unique for variety of rolls. The staff was very fast and friendly.
4	Was introduced to this place about two weeks ago and have been thee twice! Really think the sushi is great and the service is pretty good. The first time for dinner there was a good amount of people and the wait could be long. The location is good but the restaurant itself is kind of small. Lunch is greatPrices are good! Suggest an all you can eat!
4	Another fantastic strip-mall restaurant in Vegas. The all-you-can-eat sushi is a great value, but they don't have any sashimi (fish only, no rice). Their rolls are creative and have interesting names to boot. Staff was very friendly and very pro-active about making sure our orders had arrived.
3	Today was the first time coming here and I wasn't all that thrilled. We ordered the "All you can you eat" and got our money's worth but service wise it sucked. The sushi was pretty fresh and tasty but you can't place orders with just any waitress, you have to place orders with the waitress assigned to your table. The service to me should be better must be better especially in a town that depends on the tourism industry. I don't know if it's purposely like this or just by coincidence but the employees who work there are mostly Asian and Mexican but there are no Mexican waiters/waitresses, they are the cooks, the water re-filler persons and the cooks, while the Asian people are the waiters/waitresses and front of house cooks. I'm not saying the owners of Yama Sushi did this on purpose but that's how the employee staff breaks down. This was my first time and sadly probably the last time.
1	Food was good but service was horrible. AYCE sushi for party of 5.  Took 15 mins for our for our first order and then found out they were out of both hamachi and salmon kama (one of the reasons we chose thus place) - then it was constant follow up on nearly everything ordered - they even forgot to bring wasabe and ginger when we finally had 3 rolls on the table... took an additional 5 mins to finally get those basic sushi essentials delivered - after asking. Additionally,  never once a smile from our two sour puss waitresses who seemed unhappy to work here... created significant stress for what should have been an enjoyable experience for my daughter's birthday... completely opposite from the great service we received at island sushi last week...  anyway, upon leaving, after paying the bill and explaining to our waitress why I only left her a $10 tip on a $125 bill, I spoke with the manager - who really seemed disinterested in hearing my opinion.  Bottom line : i won't be back and cannot in good conscience recommend to others...  wow, I'm all worked up again after reliving the experience so I'm downgrading from 2 stars to 1.
2	Visited Yama Sushi on Valentines Day to have a low key dinner with my girl cousins to catch up. I had heard how Yama was great from them and decided to give them a try. I will have to say probably not the best time to visit this place but I did. The restaurant is a clean and pretty big. They had four sushi chefs when I was there I figured that it would be enough. I know being valentines day it was going to be busy but it was just not enough to be overwhelmed like that.  The sushi chef kept skipping us! At first I thought maybe because I was hungry and ready for more. But then my party started to notice too. He took two new clients orders first two times before he got to ask one of our party if they were ready and then seemed to forget about our order PERIOD! The busboy staff where GREAT! They were very attentive and friendly. I have always had great service from sitting at a sushi bar not so much here. At one point the chef lightly bumped into the mini sushi fridges where they store the fish and the roll just completely unraveled and spilled over to us. He even stated that it wasn't him bumping into the area so much as the roll not being made right. I was actually amazed he said that out loud because I was thinking it. We ordered three "Palm Jobs" three times and waited more than 30 minutes for it and he forgot about it all three times.  I gave up on my order and only one of us patiently waited again ONLY  after she got up and went over to him since he had already switched position to the other part of sushi bar ! I was over it.I really want to say I would be back to give them a second chance but freshness and flavor were off as well. Something I did see was that a lot of their fish is PRE-SLICED!  I haven't  seen that in a sushi bar  and thought It was off.... I did learn how to order everything sexy style which is with Avocado, jalapeno, and thin slice of lemon and a lemon sauce that I wish was Yuzu sauce. I will stick with my regular sushi spot.
4	I've been here 2 times! Awesome both times, just make sure u dont expect amazing raw fish quality...it was realllly good and some fish taste better than others, but overall I really enjoyed this place... so much I went a year later remembering how good it was.
2	Always a gamble trying different AYCE sushi places.  Since this one was highly recommended by a friend, we decided to give it a go!As a positive, I noticed the service was very fast and efficient...food orders came out quickly, orders were taken, drinks refilled, etc.But the quality and cuts were not very impressive.  And they added a very sweet ponzu to a lot of the nigiri...distracting actually.  Perhaps to hide the quality of fish?The ahi / tuna nigiri I was served was actually embarrassing...I didn't even take a photo of it LOL.  Just a really rough cut, poor coloring, and did not taste fresh even during a fully-packed night.The amaebi was not cut/butterflied like all others I've had before, so it was a bit chewy and didn't melt in your mouth.The uni was also runny in consistency.  Besides the sake / salmon, I didn't really taste anything "fresh" in my opinion.I just wasn't impressed with anything here....but I found plenty to be underwhelmed. Good luck!
5	This has got to be the best AYCE sushi place hands down; and I can't find one of comparison in Cali maybe except Sudachi in San Fran(no AYCE though).
2	The first time I came here was March of 2010 with my best friends (4 other girls) and we all loved it.  We stumbled upon it by mistake, I think we might have seen an advertisement for it either that or we yelped it.  I just remember the interesting names of the rolls (manwhore roll, sticks out the most loll) and the fact that everything we ate was delicious.  So why the two star review?  Fast forward to edc weekend 2013 and I came here again with my boyfriend.  I was telling him about how good this place was because I had it before.  He loves sushi, and he's very picky about his sushi places.  This time around, it just was not good anymore.  I think it is because this time we focused more on nigiri rather than rolls and the fish is NOT fresh at all and they pack on so much rice.  The rolls are still good, but I mean anything is going to taste good if it's deep fried and smothered in spicy mayo.  The 2010 version of me did not try the nigiri, just rolls cause I did not really eat a lot of nigiri back then, just rolls.  The 2013 version of me though, will probably not come back here.  The fish is old and horrible, and I was happy I did not get a tummy ache because that would have ruined my edc plans.  Oh and I like to eat my fish first before I eat the rice because I actually enjoy the taste of sushi rice.  So I had a little rice pile on my plate that I was planning on eating.  The waitress comes by and tells me that because it is all you can eat, I have to eat the rice too.  I understand that she is just doing her job, but that irritated me a little bit.
5	The AYCE is an amazingly great deal! Definitely one of the best I've had because all specialty rolls are part of the deal. The Man Whore was awesome. Some old reviews said the service wasn't great, but I went two nights in a row and had great service at the bar and at a table. The muscles are yummy too!
4	I really like this place!
5	This is not only my favorite "locals" sushi place in Vegas, but anywhere. I am thrilled they opened up more seating because I did not like to wait so long. The food is always amazing -- the prices are great!Recommend sending someone early to get your name in! And "All you can eat" is the only way to go!Keep it a locals secret!
4	So far, by far, the best AYCE Sushi joint I have been to. Usually I don't like to order the Maguro because it's usually on the harder side and not good, but here it's soft and tasty! A very good AYCE Sushi experience here at Yama Sushi!
5	It's a good thing they have AYCE because you literally need to try everything! This place is fantastic. Garlic Tuna, Spicy Seafood Salad, Sun of a Beach are must haves.. And I'm just getting started! Ive been coming here for years and Im pleased to say that it is as wonderful now as it always has been. Best place in town.
4	As you drive through the large parking lot you can't help but find the huge sign at the top of the building that reads "Sushi" in bright block letters. You are then given the option of eating at the sushi bar or at a dining table, but of course with a smaller group you want the full experience of watching the chefs prepare the sushi in front of your eyes. As you take your seat the friendly chef greats you and asks if you are there for the "All You Can Eat" sushi deal? The answer, for most locals is always yes. The offer is $20 at lunch and $25 at dinner time. If you have any sort of an appetite then you better take advantage of this steal. With individual sushi plates running as high as $12 each, you would be foolish not to go for the big deal. With different assortments of colors and textures you can't predict how your first bite of each plate will taste, but you can count on the consistency of high quality through out the entire meal. If you have the appetite for it, there is a great variety of appetizers and desserts to choose from, all of them are covered by the $25 price. For starters they offer anything from edamame to chicken and rice samplers.  What may be a minor problem for some visitors but to some is a sign of authentication is the thick accents that most of them carry. The language barrier makes the service just that much more fun and entertaining. If you are not patient enough to try your luck with pronouncing the names of these dishes, there are order numbers next to the names on the menu.  The best part of the whole presentation is the effort the chef puts into each and every plate to really allow the food to speak for itself.
5	Ate here a few months back and seriously there food is excellent!!! Man whore roll is amazinggggggg. The Garlic Tuna is excellent, and there Unagi is very good as well.
5	Yama sushi is my favorite place for AYCE in town. The prices are perfect and the food is always amazing. I've tried different places, but this is definitely the place I keep coming back to. The specialty rolls are amazing and the seaweed salad is the way to start. Kind of bummed that they limited their mochi to one per person, but the food definitely compensates. Keep in mind that this place is always packed, so expect a wait. Kind of glad they expanded though.
2	I'm sad to say, I really didn't enjoy most of my visit here. I've had many reccommendations to go here, there was a lot of people waiting, and the amount of reviews are impressive so maybe at one point they were really good but tonight,  I didn't like the majority of the  sushi I tasted. The service was great, everyone was friendly, all the waitresses made sure drinks were never empty, and Victor at the sushi bar was really nice and attentive. However, the sushi was just not on point. The sun of the beach and wet roll tasted kinda good but each were drenched in delicious spicy mayo and some other sauce. I took the sauce off with by napkin and the sushi was hard to swallow. Fish was really mushy and not too fresh. Super white tuna is one of my favorites usually so I ordered 2 pieces just to try it and the cut was massive, chunky, definitely not melt in your mouth and the ponzu sauce that they drenched it in wasn't even that good. It was mushy and had a weird taste. Overall the sushi taste I would say has been the worst I've had in Vegas. I'm really not trying to sound harsh but I really didn't not enjoy it.They have many different rolls however if you look closely, they are all very similar. I think I only saw one roll with scallops, I didn't see any impressive sauces, the only different sauce I saw was on the "OH DAM!!!!HENRY" roll. I was iffy to try the green mussels since the grade of sushi had been not too great.Desert was great but since they don't make it in house, I can't really add another star just cause of ice cream.Overall, the service is great but sadly the sushi not so much. My favorite is still Kaya Sushi and Goyemon. Sorry Yama Sushi!
3	We ate here coz one of our friends invited us...alot of people eating thats for sure but my also its because we went sunday night. Food im not so thrill about. The only one I enjoyed is hamacchi kama (grilled fish). Lots of flavor on it. Givin it a star for the great costumer service food wise not so much! .
1	This use to be the only place I would go for sushi. The costumer service is horrible but I still kept going back because of the food... well let me just say that after trying other sushi places out. this sushi place isn't at all that good. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone especially after the horrible food poisoning I go last time I had it.
5	The service was great and the food was excellent! I recommend trying this place for AYCE sushi. We tried Makino the night before and I like this place much better. It's a small restaurant so be a little patient when waiting for a table.
4	Guess what Yelp... I'm Back! I've chosen Yama Sushi to be my first comeback post, mainly because I ate there last night and I realized I never wrote a review for it! There's many different factors that play into the 4 star rating I decided to give Yama. First off, the service is particularly fast, but does have it's low points. On multiple occasions, I've put in an order and it never comes out. I either have to cancel it, or remind the staff about it before I end up getting my yummy food. If you read my reviews, you'll know that service is a very big part of how I decide my ratings. Secondly, the two main reasons I come to Yama over other sushi places is because of the smoked salmon nigiri and the wet dream roll. I still remember the first time I tried the smoked salmon nigiri.. It melted perfectly in my mouth. Thinking about it now is making my mouth water. The wet dream also has a similar effect on me. It is a unique combinator of flavors and ingredients that leaves you fighting for the last piece. You don't know how many times I've contemplated ordering my own..The last thing I want to talk about is the quality of the food. Each time I've come to Yama, I feel like the quality of the food was different each time. On some days it looked like they put more emphasis on the presentation and use of ingredients, while other days left me disappointed. Last night in particular, I wasn't too impressed with any of the food I ordered besides the wet dream. Yama is a great sushi place in Vegas. If you've never tried any other sushi places in Vegas, be sure to try this one first. While I would come here again, I feel like it's time for me to move on to something new.
4	I love their seefood salad and rolls, especially no name. Sadly, their nigiri was not as good as their rolls. Too much rice... This place is always busy so you may have to wait for a long time and hard to get quick service, but it is still worth it if you really love rolls.
3	So I went back to Yama and the service was horrible. The wait staff was not attentive and it almost seemed like we were inconveniencing them by eating at their restaurant. Not cool.
5	Best sushi ever!!!!! The wait is well worth it... The customer service is hit or miss but the Sushi is hands down the best I've had. This is a bit far from my place but I have yet to find sushi that even compares to Yama and trust me I've tried many others only to be disappointed.
4	pretty good deal for an all you can eat sushi restaurant.  quality of the seafood was very fresh.
4	All-you-can-eat lunch?!?!  Yum!Located in a shady strip center on Maryland Parkway & Tropicana, your first thought is "why the hell would I get sushi from this place?!"  UM hello- cause it's good!Their menu includes items with some crazy and kinda tongue & cheek names which makes it fun for ordering.The first time I went with a group of people from my office and the place was PACKED at like noon on a Tuesday.  We ordered all kinds of stuff- all of it delicious!  Wish I could remember which ones I LOVED, ah well, I'll update the next time I go!Save room for mochi.  The strawberry is the best, but the vanilla is gross.  Hopefully I will be able to try the ice cream next time.I took a co-worker who was in town to Yama and she really enjoyed the sushi too!This will be my go-to place when I want something that isn't going to break the bank.  Remember- the place is constantly busy!
3	Now keep in mind, I was at the restaurant on a Saturday afternoon. The place was super packed, but luckily we missed the big crowds and were seated right away. The sushi itself was pretty tasty, no complaints there. Only issue is how crowded the place was. Two people cannot walk side by side to their table, and its literally a one way road, where you have to make sure no one is coming towards you. The exit was difficult to get to because they had a gentleman sitting right at the corner of the bar, making it so that we had to side step out of there. My husband and I were literally rubbing elbows with a group next to us, which I wouldn't mind, if we weren't sitting next to some loud talking dingus. Again, sushi yummy,  crowd...not so much. :/
5	After literally getting up and leaving a "modern" sushi joint, which has made me despise the word tapas, we went to Yama Sushi hoping to salvage our dinner date.  For a Monday night this place was full, which was a good sign of tasty things to come.  The wait was quoted at 25 minutes, but it took only 10 to get seated.  Although the all you can eat sushi was tempting, we weren't starving and opted to have 2 special rolls that weren't part of the ayce menu and an appetizer.  I highly recommend ordering the Sun of the Beach roll.  Another highlight was the staff, which was really friendly and attentive during our meal.   I also have a basis that separates good service from great service, which was the refilling of our drinks.  Our cups never went below the halfway mark, which is a bold statement but 100% true.  If you're ever in Vegas and need a sushi fix, this place is a must.
5	I try to go to Yama Sushi whenever I get a chance to have sushi dates with my best friends. The service is excellent! Doesn't matter if someone isn't ur immediate server, if they are near u, they will ask if u need anything. I love that! The only downfall is that it's so busy on some nights, that there is a long wait period to get seated. It doesn't affect my review tho! I've been to many different sushi places, but this has to be my favorite. From the amazing rolls, to the service, to the atmosphere, this place gets 2 thumbs up from me. My only suggestion is possibly moving the location somewhere else or even expanding business to other areas. Too many instances where there's some crazy person outside yelling obscenities. Haha. Keep up the good work, Yama Sushi! :)
5	I enjoy coming here for the AYCE they have many options to choose from. For a reasonable price! Sushi is delicious. Wet dream being my favorite! Place is a bit squishy don't really have much privacy. But it's totally worth it! Service is great too. In a very bad area but like I said totally worth it! Thanks Yama sushi!!!
4	Excellent food.  The variety on their all you can eat menu is wonderful.  The servers were all friendly.   The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because they forgot one of my order towards the end.  Still an overall good visit.
5	Always delicious rolls, Tiger roll is my favorite. Never disappointed with the food. Quick service and always packed with customers for dinner.
4	One of THE go-to sushi places in town.You're not doing it right if you don't do AYCE.Seafood salad is amazing, and you can order half rolls so you can try all the different rolls on the menu....if you eat as much as I do =)
5	This place is GREAT!! My wife and I found it by accident on a trip to Vegas. We stopped at the grovery store in the same strip mall and then saw this sushi joint around lunchtime and decided to give it a shot. We had the AYCE lunch which was an amazing deal. It included specialty rolls, desserts and appetizers. The service was great too. We sat at the bar and the chef was very attentive and we rarely had an empty plate in fron of us. Bottom line, if you're in Vegas and want a better deal then you can find on the strip this is the place to go.
1	This used to be one of our favorite sushi spots, up until recently. We've ate here quite a few times but the service is their downfall. We went on a Thursday around 4 and received horrible service, considering they were not that busy. It took us about 30minutes to receive our appetizers, fine. But after already having been there 45 minutes the waitress still hadn't come back to take our order! Appalling, since she had walked by our table about 10times and couldn't be bothered to at least take our order! We were getting frustrated, especially since they give your table a time limit. So we stopped the manager as she walked by and made her aware of the situation. Instead of taking charge and handling the situation (umm.. Hello? Take our order!) she just kept saying sorry sorry and walked away. Incompetent! We walked out of there. As soon as we hit the parking lot the manager now wanted to handle it and offer discounts or whatever  she could do to make us come back in. Needless to say, we are never coming back here. It's a shame. The menu is great and I like the fact that they will make custom orders. Also they have a kids menu which is nice, but I was shocked to find out my 8 year old would have to pay adult price for AYCE!!!
4	This is a nice option off the strip.  The kama teriyaki was quite good.  I tried several specialty rolls and they were better than average, which for an all you can eat is a score.  If you're coming from the strip, make sure you ask the hostess which taxi company to call for your ride back.  I called 2 that left me standing before I asked, and the one they suggested came within minutes.
5	This is my favorite place near me. The Ayce all you can eat is a must. I go here about once a week the workers are always friendly even other guest. I go sit at the bar a lot and rarely have i been to a place where other people are so open and friendly especially where this place is located.  Great sushi is not Fresh or too aged but this place is a great balance, Since i eat here a lot i have noticed difference at times. The first thing I order when I sit down is the Seafood Salad, That is eff'in awesome must have it and it is included in the AYCE. I order the Snow in Vegas and the Man whore. those things are my must haves before i order anything else.
5	I LOVE sushi and this place is a hidden gem in the ghetto. My coworkers and I love to go after a long day at work and stuff our faces until we look like we are 9 months pregnant with twins. Plus, it's all you can eat! The sashimi is excellent. Big, fresh pieces of fish, not the small pieces you get at other places. The white tuna and the garlic tuna are my favorite. The white tuna literally melts in your mouth. I could eat only that and be satisfied. It's like butter baby! Now the rolls, where I even start they are all amazing, and I've tried almost all of them. My favorite is the Be Mine roll. It's lightly fried with a crab meat/cream cheese mixture in the middle, and it has a sweet taste to it. Very tasty. Some of my other favorites are Happy Ending, Baby One More Time, Sun Of The Beach, and No Name just to name a few. The only down fall to this place (but I still wouldn't take a star off for it) is it is alway busy. It doesn't matter what time of day, it's busy. They did just expand the restaurant, but it's still packed. So prepare to have to wait, but I promise it's worth it! Don't forget the mochi, mango is my favorite.
4	This is one of my favorite places in town. The Wet Dream roll is lovely. Service can be a little spotty when it's busy but overall good.
4	One of my favorite AYCE sushi in the valley.  The service is prompt and the food is delicious!! I'm never disappointed when I go unless they are sold out on what I would like. Depending ob what time you go especially during dinner add apx 30mins of wait time. They are always packed!
3	Yama Sushi - An AYCE restaurant approximately $25 a person. People give them 4 solid stars on yelp yet the service is fair so is the food. Their rolls are awesome and huge yet contains a large amount of rice which is their trick to make you feel full. However, I think the food worth the money because you can't complain about sushi. I personally give this restaurant 3.5/5 because service isn't what I expected.
4	Totally worth the cost.  The food was great and the staff was very friendly.  The names of the sushi were definitely ice breakers and kept our group entertained and laughing the whole night.  I.e. "who's your daddy" "son of  the beach" "man whore". I loved the spicy seafood salad, and the "Damn harry"...not to be confused with the Harry Potter.  If you start to get full but still want to try other options, you can ask them to do half rolls.  Time limit for AYCE is 2 hours.  They start timing once everyone is seated.  Dessert is also included :)
1	Place is to cramped. Food is not great, Jesse silva you ruined my life with this place. Service was ok.
3	AYCE sushi for $25. As good as can be expected.We started with the seafood salad prepared spicy which was our favorite dish. There's a heaping portion of cubed and sliced sashimi of tuna, yellowtail, and salmon. The spicy sauce was slightly tart and did not overpower the fish. We also had some sashimi, Harry potter roll, hamachi kama, wet dream roll, and the soft shell crab appetizer (which was overlooked). You can have one mochi and two icecreams per person with the all you can eat. We enjoyed a chocolate mochi, vanilla mochi, and a plum ice cream.
1	WARNING!  Horrible!!!  My boyfriend has been talking about this place since his visit to Vegas last year.  After our party of 3 was sat at a 2 top and asked to deal with it I was already annoyed.  After ordering and having our drinks brought to us, we were asked to stand up and move.  We initially thought "Great! They are moving us to a larger table!"  Too bad that wasn't the case.  Instead they had us move to another to a 2 top table!!!! Are you kidding me?!?! Then after my boyfriend got his food he and finished 3 pops he found a dead fly embedded into his lemon.  They tried to claim it came in from outside and landed on their food therefore it's not their problem.  WTF kind of thinking is that?!?!!!! They refused to comp his food, and only offered to take it off his drink order.  Calling Health Department now!  We canceled my order before it even got to the table.
5	Overall, great place to go off strip for sushi as long as you arent expecting Michelin star quality food.  Fish is fresh, and often times cut right in front of you if you sit at the sushi bar!  Always a stop for me when in vegas :)
5	I was trying to come here last year with some of my colleagues from out of country but they were too impatient to wait and went to the place next door which we regretted big time.  Anyways we came here Sunday May 4th around lunch time ending the weekend for my cousin's 21st birthday bash.  It happened that he found this restaurant using the Yelp app and I remembered that I tried coming here before.  I knew it must have been a good Sushi spot since there was a line outside the door when we tried coming during dinner last time.  There were 6 of us and the hostess was quick to get us seated even though the place looked pretty packed but no line outside the door this time.  They ended up seating us on the left side near the front.  It kinda looked like a mini room and there were 2 sets of tables in that little area enough to sit the 6 of us and these cute Korean ladies on the next table.  There was 1 small TV in there..it was playing Inception and I remember another TV in the larger dining area airing the basketball game.  I didn't get to see the other room since this is our first time being in there.  Our waitress' name was Ellen I believe.  She was quite the comedian.  She was quick to give us the popular rolls and side orders.  The name of the special rolls are hilarious...One Minute Man, Man Whore, Wet Dream, Son of the Beach, Happy Ending,   I freakin love the names.  We decided to do A.Y.C.E. just as the ladies did next to us....my brother asked them that's how we knew.  We ordered the Sashimi Salad for an appetizer.  I would recommend that to anyone.  There was almost 0 greens in that salad.  It was mostly just the sashimi and the special Yama sauce that they wouldn't sell to us even if we begged them to.  We ended up ordering 4 more orders later on of that deliciousness.  We also had the special rolls I mentioned above and some nigiri as well.  Uni was nice and fresh.  We'll definitely hit this spot up again and again when we come to Vegas.  Only thing I regret is not opening my mouth when the ladies next to us talked about visiting San Diego soon...lol.
4	This place is very small and cramped but LOVE the food and the all you can eat sushi. I've been here more than a dozen times and have never been disappointed. Service is great and so is the food. If you are looking for great sushi and not ambience, this place is perfect.
4	If you are looking for AYCE go to Yama.. lunch is $22 and dinner is $25, I  HIGHLY recommend the seafood salad as a starter! This place is a little hole in the wall on flamingo but it is worth the drive! The place gets busy and they do not take reservations so if you have a big party make sure most of your group shows up together or they wont seat you. They recently expanded so there is more seating and they have two sushi bars instead of one. They are usually pretty quick with making your orders, like I said they get really busy it might take a little longer during dinner and weekends. Plan accordingly. Worst part is the wait, ive waited upwards of 30 minutes, but the sushi is worth it!
4	This is my favorite sushi place in town. The Sun of a Beach and Wet Dream roll are to die for. I'm a sushi fanatic and haven't found many places in town taste-wise that compare to Yama. I would totally give them 5 stars if the wait times weren't so long :(. Seating is extremely limited and you could sit and wait for over an hour without a reservation.
5	Prices: (AYCE)Lunch 11-3pm $20.95Dinner 3-11pm $$23.95For a very cheap all you can eat sushi and GOOD quality fish, this place is the best place to go! It's a hidden gem away from the strip. I have to say this is my second favorite spot.. it would be my first if they had  all you can eat sashimi, but it toes very very close to Hikari.Service can be a little better, but I don't blame them. This place is always so busy! A very, very popular local fav! I love the sushi roll names! Some examples: One Night At Yama, Yo Sexy, Man Whore, Dancing In The Sheet, Strip Tease, Oh Dam!!!Harry, Kiss The Ass... just to name a few! Do you see their style and theme of sushi roll names? Haha it's very funny when you order them out loud. It is definitely a topic starter and a fun way to entertain your group at the table!Their sides are amazing. I can't stress enough how fresh the fish is. I LOVEEE IT! Everything here is amazing! Must try place in Vegas!
4	This place serves delicious sushi. They are expedient with orders too. My only issue is that they are so incredibly busy, that the servers rushing orders take away from the dining experience. It almost feels like a "factory" Get in and get out. And you're rushing in between.  The space is really small so go somewhere else if you want an intimate meal because you are less than an arm's length from the table next to you.
4	The Wet Dream roll. That's really all I have to say. Ok so the all you can eat deal is excellent, plenty for the price, the spicy seafood salad and soft shell crab is fantastic. We enjoyed more rolls than I could count, and they do offer them in smaller portions so you can experience more of the menu. Strawberry mochi was delicious! Maybe we were there at the right time or it was just a good night but the fish tasted fresh and service was quick. However, they do lose one star because service is...I hate to say it...horrible, to the extent of nonexistent.  Very rushed, impersonal, and it did feel like they wanted us to hurry up, eat, and get out. Bummer when you're paying $25 a person. The only person who appeared to not hate their job was the busboy who was extremely friendly and helpful. But the sushi was excellent, and because of that I'll be back.
5	Totally worth a visit.  This is the best AYCE sushi restaurant in Las Vegas!  For a relatively cheap price, you get good quality sushi.  They even have Uni here (one order per person).  We really liked the salmon nigiri here.  They do put a lot of rice in their nigiri though.  :(Service:  Service was okay.  I can't say they were friendly or even nice...but they were efficient.  They don't give you a piece of paper to mark your orders like other AYCE sushi places.  You just tell them what you want.  It's a smart system because it prevents over-ordering.  The food comes out really quickly. Ambience:  Decent.  Nothing special.  All the sushi chefs were wearing mouth and nose guards which increases cleanliness (huge plus here!!).  Location:  Located in a strip mall near the strip.  Plenty of parking!My new favorite AYCE sushi place in Las Vegas!!  I can't wait to come back!
4	Oh, Yama. Where do I even begin. Every time I am in Vegas, I absolutely HAVE to eat here. It's that good. I realize that being from Texas, it's not exactly a sushi mecca, nor do I claim to be an expert by any means, however, Yama deserves a solid 4 stars from me for everything from their sushi to their service.First things first, you're almost guaranteed a wait when you go here. Note that I've only gone for dinner, not lunch, so I can't comment on that. I'd suggest venturing to the questionable yet ever so fun Dottie's next door, where you can play slots/video poker until your table is ready, and the hostesses will actually come and find you there. Awesome. Speaking of table, I've never sat at one. I've always opted for the sushi bar. If you can, head to the bar in the new addition over on the right. Trust. After sitting down, order the AYCE. Because why would you do it any other way. The AYCE includes all of their rolls, specialty rolls, hand rolls, sushi, etc, PLUS, the seafood salad that you absolutely must try. Get it spicy. And thank me later. I think my favorite rolls are the Wet Dream and No Name. I also love getting the white tuna, when they have it, and you have to end your meal with some mochi. Love Yama. Love everything about it. Definitely give it a shot if you're in Vegas. You'll be happy you did!
5	Excellent service and great food!The all you can eat has a huge selection and if you want more than 2 specialty rolls then it's more than worth the cost.
1	Been here before, sat at the bar, and it was good.  Tonight we brought family and it's terrible.  We waited for 30 min for food and it's not good at all.  Edamame came out last and it's over cooked.  Nigiri is flavorless and the cooked rolls took forever.  On top of that, service is terrible.  Our waiter is very nice but clearly spread too thin because we haven't seen him in about 15 minutes.  Probably not coming back unless we're desperate.
5	Great experience here food was great second time coming here from cali and best sushi I ate so.far brought the family  and everybody was pleased with service and food all you can eat is definitely worth it started with soft shell crab ,sushi , bbq ribs ,and finish of with delicious mochi vanilla & mango ice cream you will enjoy
2	Orders are slow, tasting is good but not amazing and is so noisy, you need order all at time because is very slow .... Waitress forget the order .... i don't understand how have a four stars ....
4	Crowded but there a reason,  fresh sushi and good. We had a large group of people and had a great time. It will be a regular eating spot when iam in Vegas. Would have given fuve stars if the waitress spoke better English.  Few mix ups with orders but it was crowded and they were genuinely trying their best.
5	Great service, great food. Lines can get long and the area is a little sketchy looking. Really nice inside the restaurant though
3	Not exactly one of my top five choices comes too AYCE sushi. But am always willing too try restaurant once with open mind. I had friends visiting ones that not so much yelpers yelpers but enjoy reading reviews and notice the four stars never been so wanted too give it try. Hell yay! Really all about hanging out with family/friends in life. We went early since it was holiday weekend plus went on friday night. My friends arrived earlier since it on the opposite town for me. Talk about making first impression is that they let my friends sit down before I arrived. I know some of my favorite sushi spots they won't let you sit down if whole party not together. Once we got sat down looking at the menu really not much different then any other AYCE. I am not much into the speciality rolls more of nigiri. Talk about nice size portion of fish on the nigiri. My taste actually not good thing or my sushi spots non of them cut the fish that thick. I understand people thinking more fish getting better deal looks better. The thing I found at Yama is bigger or thicker cuts not always mean better. I felt like the quality of the fish, and just the overall freshness very blah average at best. The sushi rice was really sub par for me. It lacked any kind of vinegar or just felt like plain rice. Since I had no idea that the fish was cut on the thicker side ordered 12 orders of nigiri too start thinking good kick start. Our waitress like yay that lot. True cause after that had no room too try more of the menu more less any speciality rolls. I did get in green tea ice cream. Good. Again had better at other sushi restaurants. Overall since such competitive market of AYCE and Yama on the opposite side of town stick too the ones I like best.The service was great definitely four stars comes too never have empty glass. Talk about bringing out the sushi. I was surprise how fast our first round came out between the three of us ordering good round.
3	I came here with a buddy from the navy cause he wanted to try it out. he kept saying it was authentic sushi due to reviews but hey heres what I think.  Theres only one place I have tried with authentic sushi that ships their fish from japan but ill save that for another review. Here at yama the food is good. They make lots of different rolls and when you order something else besides rolls its probably a wrap thats similar to rolls.  inside out roll.  If youre here, you have to order the seafood salad and the "palmjob" or handjob something like that =p. These are the only two items that stick out in my mind that I now its good...so try those!Our recent visit was not a good experience because they were closing. And when theyre closing, they also close the kitchen forcing everyone else to order so much. We ended up ordering so much also that we had to pay extra; but on the positive note we got to take the rest of the rolls home lol.My advice to anyone that would like to try it out is to make sure you order those 2items I mentioned above and also be there before they close.
4	Very good AYCE place. The service is very attentive and welcoming. This place is BUSY!!
5	Love the AYCE of the entire menu, including drinks, apps, dessert, everything! And love their specialty rolls, particularly "sex on the beach" and "wet dream".
5	We found Yama sushi from a yelp search. It east of the strip and NO TOURIST.  A very local place.  We are not from Vegas and took a cab for $15.00. We paid $24.00 for all you can eat. Very fast service and great wait staff.  I was very happy with the rolls.  There might be a wait but it's because it's a great place. Save the $200 that you would spend at Nabu and go to Yams Sushi
5	Me and my friend had seen this place on Yelp and had decided to go for dinner. When we got there it was very busy, but we waited less than 10 minutes and got a seat at the bar. We got the all you can eat and the service was very efficient and fast (espically for how busy they were). Our server was very sweet and funny and kept our waters refilled continuously. She even recommended us a great appetizer (the seafood salad is a must if you like raw fish). The sushi rolls were fantastic and tasted fresh. For the price that you pay for the all you can eat on top of the service we received and the quality of the sushi, this place was fantastic.
4	This place was pleasant, service was fast, and unlimited sushi. Super awesome good stuff!!!!
5	If I could give this place more than just five stars I would. I don't live in Vegas but every time I'm in town this place is a must and I don't mean on just one day/night. I mean on a couple, if not several times while in town. Stop searching for a good sushi spot and go to Yama! Off the charts amazing. AYCE top notch sushi for $22! Not a limited menu either, their ENTIRE menu is offered- apps, sushi, sashimi, dessert! Oh, except for your drink of choice... Unless you like water from Lake Mead w/ a side of lemon if you're feeling fancy, then that is free. Some inside info & tips: -They do not take reservations and the secret is out for this gem, so expect a long wait. - After the waitress thinks you've had enough food, you'll notice she'll start to disappear.. Just learn her name and then she'll have to respond! - Make sure you double check your bill. On a couple of occasions my bill has been incorrect. - This place is VERY small and kinda crammed- Not very good for kids. - You cannot go wrong for any of their specialty rolls- all are amazing!! - DON'T leave without trying the Seafood Salad!!!!!!!!
5	Being from Hawaii I know my sushi...and this was great sushi.  Not only was everything fresh but I couldn't believe the price.  This was all you can eat sushi for under $30...more like closer to $25.  There is no way that you would be able to find this kind of quality of fish in Hawaii for all you can eat for this price.  It's not only sushi that's on the all you can eat menu, they have edamame, chicken, beef, tonkatsu, tempura, SASHIMI. Say what?  All you can eat sashimi?  No way! Of course you can also order off of their regular dinner menu also which is very reasonable.  If we lived in Vegas I would be going there every month.  If you are a vegas local, I would highly suggest you try this place at least once.  It's a great place for all types of groups, families, couples.  Parking...free and plenty of it.
5	This is a gem of the place if you're like me and you hate going to begas for business.  A very short cab ride from the strip, away from the glitz and over produced everything in a little mall is a pack sushi place with an all you can eat menu (don't order too much, it'll cost extra) In short, this place is excellent.  The fact that it is very affordable with a wonderful selection is just an added bonus.  We'd been tipped off to this place by a cab driver and that was the best thing about my week long stay.
5	This place is pretty incredible. I may have come in at 3 pm on a Wednesday, but the wait was less than 2 minutes and the wait on my food was also amazingly short. Almost all of the fish was terrific (shout out to the salmon). The only mediocre food I received was the albacore sushi and even that wasn't bad. The staff was ATTENTIVE and checked back often to take away our used dishes. Whenever we asked for something (ponzu sauce, more water, more food, etc) it arrived quickly. The only complaint I have was that sometimes good we didn't order arrived at our table instead of the table that ordered it. Luckily we all had the all you can eat so it didn't matter much. Overall, pretty fantastic.
4	This is my favorite AYCE sushi place in Vegas. Quick turnover rate. Good selection of sushi and non-sushi items. No real time limit. I almost always order the sashimi salad and short ribs. You can also have the salad with the sauce on the side. My friends do that in order to keep the sauce for dipping other sushi in. Personally, I just like being the one to decide how much sauce I want in my salad. I've been here a handful of times already, and I'll likely continue going.
5	This has got to be my favorite sushi place yet!  Coming from Cali, this place is a must whenever we're in town.  The first time I came here was summer '11 & things haven't changed one bit!This past weekend, my bf and I arrived from a long drive and decided to start our trip off with some delicious sushi.  Although we love to eat, our tummies cannot take that much food... but this time we decided other wise.Lunch buffet for $20/each -- best choice we made this whole trip!The rolls we decided to order this time were:  spicy sexy roll (we LOVE spicy foods and this roll in particular will leave your mouth on fiyah!!), you the man too!!, snow in vegas (this one was ehh... the sauce was too sweet for our tastebuds), strip tease (super yummy), Philadelphia roll (x2) and a salmon skin hand-roll.  I also got two orders of miso soup for myself & he got an order of muscles and gyoza.The food here is amazing & service is pretty good as well.  Can't wait to go back!
5	The absolute best sushi place in Las Vegas. From food quality to service and ambiance they have it all. Order the seafood salad spicy, you won't regret it.
4	We saw this sushi place on yelp while we were visting las vegas this past weekend and thought we would try it since it had great reviews and we were looking for some great sushi without the high dollar price!Let me tell you when we found tjis place it looked very uninviting from the outside but once we got it .it was soo packed and noticed lots of business men inside eating so that validated us to stay.We ordered AYCE for a fair price of 24 dollars and you can choose anything on menu including desert.Every roll we tried was delicious and very fresh!We sat at sushi bar and service was good .We will always stop here for sushi when we visit vegas its a must!Highly recommend just get there early or you will be waiting for awhle.
5	Great price for fresh sushi. We sat the sushi bar and the service was awesome. It was $25 per person for all you can eat for 2 hours. You can order anything on the menu! Yum
5	Absolutely the best ever. I wish I could go back. Their spicy salad is awesome and their number seven rocks. Always look forward to going back. Last time I was there I got stuffed. They need to open a restaurant in Phoenix. I would be a huge support.
5	This place is awesome.  The all-you-can eat seems like a great deal, but I honestly haven't done the math.  The ability to pick and choose whatever roll you want and to constantly have food being brought out to you is nice, however.  Furthermore, the quality of the sushi here is better than anything in Chinatown (obviously), and tastier than pretty much everything in the city.  My one word of advice is this, try the white tuna roll.  Personally, I don't love tuna, so I was skeptical at first.  My friends kept telling me how incredible it was, so I decided to give it a try. Wow.  It is unlike anything I've ever eaten before, and just the thought of it makes my mouth water.  Also, try the No Name and Son of a Beach rolls.  They're the best! Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed.
5	This spot is a must do when I visit Vegas. The all you can eat option is inexpensive compared to other all you can eat sushi spots I've frequented. The seafood salad is available once per person and is delicious. The nigiri is fresh and the portions are large. The rolls are also tasty and fresh and the variety is awesome. Things to keep in mind... It's about a $15-$20 cab ride from the Strip depending where you're coming from. Also, the wait here can be ridiculous, although the line does tend to move quickly.
4	Great service, great food! I come here often and have never been disappointed. They have a good variety of specialty rolls and good quality for an all you can eat spot.
4	This is the spot for sushi while you're in vegas! Place is always packed and the service is FAST no matter what you order. AYCE is under $30 and open the whole menu, not just sushi. The only downside is it could take a while to get seated when it's the dinner hour, but it's well worth the wait!
5	My Favorite Sushi Place in Las Vegas!!!... I go here any chance I get, I live on the opposite side of town,  but it is definitely worth the trip!!... they're always busy, so prep for a lil wait!!!... but if you like sushi it's worth the wait!!!...
3	This is my eastside Vegas sushi pick.  Mainly if I just need a quick uni fix.  It's a bit tight quartered inside and sometimes there can be a wait to get seated because of it.  Decent, polite staff and quality sushi.  The price is moderate.  AYCE is fair and the "mandatory AYCE rice-fill" is not as aggressive as most other All you can eat joints.  Avid sushi goers know what I'm talking about.Recommended-Hamachi-Uni-Yellow tailNot impressed-dynamite-soft shellGood spot for sushi lunch.
1	So today I went here and eat  the food was ok. :\ Not exactly cause there was rude service. There was this supervised I was really disappointed cause she try to kick us out. She even made us eat or we will pay I know that the rule and it's ok when she tried reminding us she said it in a rude way. The last time I ate there I stopped eating there for like 5-7 month,  the last time there she did the same thing. This time she did the same thing again but now worst she as if we were the half and half family **** she. She not allow to say that.
1	I was going to give this place 3-4 stars, the service was mediocre but the food was actually pretty good. But then I saw the Sushi chef start throwing pieces of fish from the fridge on to his cutting board. In the process I saw him drop a piece of squid on to the floor. After he finished throwing the rest of the fish on to the cutting board he thought he was being slick and picked up that piece of squid walked over to the sink and started rinsing it off...... but I saw him do that, he turned around and we locked eyes and he knew that I caught him being shady. He quickly returned to rinsing off the fish and quickly threw it back into a bin inside the fridge. And then he quickly beelined it into the kitchen.Gross. This all happened as I was on my way out of the restaurant. I'm hoping that didn't happen to any of my fish or your fish for that matter.
2	Long wait to be seated. Once you're seated, you may end up using some other customer's back like the back of your own chair...or worse, you could be seated back to back with a BABY IN A HIGHCHAIR! I've never been seated so closely to other patrons. That takes away from my experience in a restaurant right off the top.The sushi was good and tasted pretty fresh. That waitress was somewhat hard to understand, she appeared to be very, very shy. Luckily, in this restaurant any of the waitstaff that passes you by will refill your drinks or place another order for food.I know someone who was followed out the door for not leaving a tip. His waitress ran outside and yelled "was the food not good, was the service not good?!". I've never heard of this happening anywhere else before. And to my recollection, he stated that the answer to one or both of those questions was "yes".
1	I hate the service takes forever to be seated, a part of the store was dark but still okay to sit in and they wouldn't let us sit there so we waited an hour to get seated. They said they did it for customer satisfaction but ur service is already horrible.
5	Hands down best overall sushi place in Las Vegas.Service is a little slow because the place is always packed but you can't beat the variety and flavor and freshness of the sushi rolls.
4	Ahhh Yama sushi! There's plenty of fish in the sea and after all the sushi restaurant searching in my hometown i've finally found you! Yelp may not be a dating site but it sure connected me to you! ;) i love you for 3 reasons! A. I can afford you! You're a cheap date in so many ways! You offer me not only quality but also quantity! Let's face it we all need quality relationships but A LOT of it. B.) you're delicious!  Im not one to usually order rolls at a sushi restaurants but you have many rolls i'd well i'd roll with. Your NO NAME ROLL tickles me in all the right taste buds! Finally C. I love that you offer so many tasty appetizers to excite me before the rest of the goodness comes out. It may be safe to call those appetizers foreplay. ;) You offer HAMACHI KAMA! My fav, most places make you pay extra so i thank you for that. All in all i see this relationship going places and that we're going to make it!  although i do wish u weren't so busy sometimes! I constantly have to wait for you in a line but you're worth it and at the end of the day, There's no drama for my mama either, only YaMA for my mama. see you soon my love!
5	"This place is great!" All you can eat for $20, "YES!"  I had three servings of the Harry Potter! Lol. It's that good!!!!!! If you want good, fresh sushi....."Go here!" Hole in the wall location....."Big Taste!" The sake is good too. :-)
1	I went there this afternoon for lunch and usually this place is fairly good and one of my favorites.BUT they had some serious electrical issues and the restaurant was closed for a few days.  Today when we went, 2 of us got food poisoning and got extremely sick.  literally bedridden w diarrhea etc.  The fish/food etc. is NOT fresh so DO NOT EATI called and the owner solution was for me to go to the hospital and bring them a doctors note to prove it which I will.  sort of an odd response to a customer being sick but just wanted everyone to be careful!!!!!
1	I used to love this place, but over time the service has gotten horrible.  I have waited for 2hrs and only placed one order...the 2nd order appeared be another long wait....I am writing this as a wait for my masago(been 40min). This is the third time I experience (back to back) extreme long waits when it's not "out of the ordinary" busy.  It's time for me to call it quites and look for a different place.
1	Nothing special here. I was going to give this place 3 star, because I eat there once.  Unfortunately I can't. Reason: I walked in with my 21 years old daughter. Ugly girl at door said 45 minutes to wait. I believed her that's why we wait. After 3 minutes guy walked in she found a table for him. I couldn't believe it. I go to her I said you told me wait 45 minutes at that time other girl came up to us now this hostess start lying telling me " I was going to seat you " I said NO you told me 45 minutes and you were seating other who walked in after us" Very bad customer service. I will never go back there again food doesn't taste that special anyways
5	Forget the pricey buffets at the big name hotels. Come to Yama Sushi for the best buffet deal in town. It's only $21 for lunch and $23 for dinner for AYCE sushi. Unlike most AYCE sushi joints, Yama offers uni, hamachi kama, sweet shrimp, etc. (limit 1 plate per person for most). There's almost never a wait, and the sushi quality is decent for what you're paying. There's several items that I always get. The uni is a coin flip, but I've had pretty good tastings recently. I like the sweet shrimp, but I'm not a fan of the fried variety that accompanies it. The hamachi kama is huge and is sure to fill you up. My favorite roll to order is the wet dream, which comes as a baked cali roll with shrimp, cream cheese, and finished with sweet yam sauce. I always end with an order of white tuna nigiri (buttery goodness). If you don't like rice, start with the seafood salad, which is a poor man's chirashi bowl. Skip the soft shell crab, which is too fried for my liking. Lastly, save room for dessert as you can order ice cream mochi and two scoops of ice cream. The mango mochi is fantastic and I'm a big fan of the green tea and plum ice creams.
1	All I can say is average sushi. Very bland flavors, too much rice, and the nigiri was well below average. Service was crappy as well. Our group got there at 250pm during lunch hours and they tried to charge us for dinner hours when it clearly says on thier menu that the price switch starts at 3pm. Very dissapointed again. That was my last visit ever.
4	I came here to celebrate my mothers bday and I must say it wasnt bad. First of all the wait to be seated was pretty long 45 mins,but I was expecting since I heard it was one of the best sushi places in town. As soon as we were seated, our server went over the "instructions" on how AYCE works...hmmm I guess. The actual sushi was sooo delish! I had so much that I lost count after the second plate. Our server was as attentive as she could be since it was a pretty busy night. Im not a patient person, so the long wait makes this 4 stars.... but still a must go. I WILL DEFINATELY GO BACK!
4	AYCENigiri, sashimi, rolls, appetizers, desserts... seriously?!It's real people.They even have UNI. And SOFT SHELLED CRAB.We ate until we were ready to EXPLODE. Fish quality was good, not spectacular. They ran out of uni, so I was bummed, but the dishes were ordered made up for it.The seafood salad - not creamy - was a great start. Chunks of salmon, tuna, snapper dressed with a very addictive rice wine vinaigrette and shredded turnip.Mackeral was good. I love it despite its oily fishiness. It's one of my favorite textures to eat.Service was fast and friendly. I would definitely recommend this place to groups because you can share and eat a crapton of different items.The restaurant is small and fills up really fast, but we were seated within 5 minutes.
4	All-you-can-eat sushi restaurants are now a staple anytime we visit Las Vegas. We normally hit Oyshi sushi but this time we wanted to find a spot closer to The Strip. Once again, our fellow Yelpers helped us out and didn't fail to direct us to a good place to eat! For a Friday night, the wait seemed to be pretty typical - 30-45 mins. It was definitely worth it as our party of three was seated right at the sushi station. The sushi chefs in the back room (failed to get their names) gave us personalized attention and served up some awesome sushi! I recommend the My Cash, Double Dragon, and Strip Tease of you're a big specialty roll person. The seafood salad and sexy salmon are also secret gems on the menu.  The space in the restaurant was a little cramped which is probably the only drawback. This will probably be added to the AYCE list for future visits to Vegas.
2	I passed on ayce and am glad I did. The fish was not fresh to the point that it tasted rubbery. I've been to other sushi spots that were much cheaper, higher quality, and better prepared sushi than this place.Service was not good as well. The servers were not friendly and looked miserable to be there.I gave this place 2 tries and have been sorely disappointed. Will not return and highly do not recommend this sushi spot.
3	One of the best AYCE sushi i've tried so far. But I wasn't satisfied with the dessert. It would be great if they would not limit the ice cream order per person. Or at least allow per person to order the mochi ice cream 3 times the most just so that we can enjoy a variety of flavors.
4	UPDATE 7/16/2014: I'm still a huge fan of this place.  The rolls are delicious, and are still my favorite rolls in Vegas.  Unfortunately, I've downgraded my review because the last number of times that I have been here, the rolls have been drenched in the spicy mayo sauce.  Don't get me wrong, I like the sauce, but they have been putting WAY TOO MUCH on the rolls as of late. I often find myself scraping goops of mayo off of my sushi before I eat it now.  Hopefully this changes.
3	Our friends raved about this place for months, kept telling us it was one of the best sushi restaurants out here in Vegas - only problem was the ridiculous line to get in. We finally made our way there and tried the AYCE, and all I can say was it was only alright. Pros: the menu for AYCE had a LOT of items to choose from, so that was awesome. We went with a large party - all ordering AYCE - so we basically got to try every roll there. The Seafood Salad was pretty good. Cons: A lot of the rolls were very similar in taste, so nothing stood out as exceptional. Probably won't make any special trip to eat here again, but otherwise, not bad.
5	I found this place on yelp and was not disappointed! Excellent! Thank you yelpers for recommending this place and for the advice on ordering. The all you can eat (ayce) was a great choice. Be sure to ask for half orders otherwise you will get full quick and not be able to try as much.
4	This place is hella busy! I really dunno what all the hype is about this place.   It seems like a any other sushi restaurant.  The food was good, service was ok... but nothing really stood out to me.  If I lived on the east side of town, then I would hit this up again,  but I wouldn't drive out of my way to come here.  There are lots of sushi places on the west side that offer the same taste in sushi.  Overall, food was good.  If your near it, then eat there.  You'll enjoy yourself.  If not, don't drive out of your way.  I'm sure there are other sushi places in your area just as good.
4	Good prices all around.  The area is a little dicey. Well worth the trip!! The sushi was right one point!! Swing by this gem.
5	My favorite sushi place in all of Las Vegas.  It's a must eat for locals and for visitors.
5	I only wished we had this exact same place in Orange County, CA!It's only a couple of minutes off the strip and for $21/person for lunch, the price can't be beat for AYCE anywhere near the Vegas strip.  My husband and I sat at the sushi bar and ate more than our fair share of $21 worth of sushi, rolls, and appetizers.  The items we ate that I just LOVED included:Sweet Shrimp (By far my FAVORITE place I've had sweet shrimp.  Perfect clear sweet after taste and the batter used to fry the head was not overwhelming and complimented the delicacy of the shrimp brains)Garlic tunaHalibutTunaSalmonBaked mussels (one order contains 4 very small mussels)Soft-shelled crabThey were very busy with a line out the door.  So expect average/sub par service.  Our waitress forgot a couple of items we ordered, but it didn't bother us.  It just left us more room for delicious sushi that came from the sushi chef since we sat at the sushi bar. I can't wait to go to Vegas again just so I can come here to eat again.
5	This was awesome!! So good !!  The service was great! My friends and I really enjoyed it!  Hard to find, it is in a strip mall
4	I love love love Yama. I don't get to go out for dinner as much as I did in my pre-children days, but my partner and I make it a point to visit Yama every couple of months. Food always tastes fresh, albeit a little heavy on the mayo sauces sometimes. Service is generally very fast and friendly. Avoid going between 5pm and 8pm--you will have a loooooong wait. Otherwise, I love it.
2	So I have been here before but now as Yama sushi has become so popular and big the sushi has 2x more rice than before and less fish, also the service has dropped to something impermissible, on too of the fact that they recently got a B- Health Inspection rating for 16 violations most of them being the fish not being kept at proper temperatures. Go somewhere else, or just make sure you get good service.
5	My favorite AYCE sushi spot in Vegas. It's located off the strip, so it's not as hectic. It's in the "ghetto" side but in all honesty, the area isn't THAT bad. It might look a bit sketch, but the food here is amazing. I always get the nigiri and some handrolls. My girlfriend opts for their sushi rolls and nigiri. Service here is also good. Waitresses are always attentive to your needs. A must-try is their Palm Job handroll. It's only limited to 1 per customer. I also get the other items that are restricted to 1 per person such as uni. Bonus: if your significant other does not eat it, you'd get 2 orders! #win
5	Still my favorite place in town for AYCE. Another 5 star review, 4 years later. My last review, was just about spicy tuna, laaame. Lunch $21.95, and Dinner $24.95. I have honestly never had a wait... even on a Friday or Saturday evening... So maybe I'm lucky, or maybe I come at irregular dinner hours (6pm... isn't so irregular) Don't worry yourself over a wait. As for feeling like a cramped sardine, yes you will be jam packed into this place. Ask for a table on the new side to the right of the bar if it is open, much more spacious. Here's how to do it at Yama: Get a table, yes a table. I feel I get better and more efficient service at a table (waiters have notepads so you can stack your orders, while a chef only has his memory). My water is always filled to the top, sometimes I will ask them not to, and don't get alcohol unless you want to compromise your stomach's capacity for food;) Next step is nigiri, (you come to a sushi restaurant, no cooked food here, skip the boring appetizers!) 2 pieces come with one order. If you're feeling it you can go for the seafood salad (sashimi in a ponzu type sauce, you get what I think is the left over cuts), this is a hit or miss with me. It's good, but I definitely don't come here just for that. What you must have is garlic tuna and the yellow tail. After nigiri comes rolls. Number 7- "sun of a beach" is a must! A MUST. Hits every sensation and taste: hot, cold, crunchy, sweet, spicy. Yes its smothered in sauce, which "snobs" seem to dislike, but just get it. I am also a big fan of "wet dream," its baked so it takes a little while for it to come out, and has a healthy dosage of cream cheese. Keep note, if you're feeling full but want to continue to try, you can order a half roll.And to top it off, no matter how full you are, dessert is a must. Mango or strawberry mochi will soothe the heat of your wasabi, and creates a great end cap to the meal. Enjoy!
5	I love this place! I have been coming here for 4 years and it has consistently been a great experience. Food is good quality, people give great service and remember us and our orders. Well worth the $25 all you can eat. Elixir is always amazing with the seafood salads. With out fail I order a wet dream and i am always satisfied. Even my brother who hates sushi is now a regular!
5	This is our favorite restaurant in Las Vegas!Me and my boyfriend dine in here every time we come to Vegas and it is always good!With only $22 you can try a variety of food which are very tasty, definitely worth it ! Rolls are really good! "One minute man" is our favorite! Service is good too the waiters are friendly they never keep you waiting too long.We went to the top rated buffet in Caesar Palace later the day, and still thought this place has better sushi rolls. Will definitely come back again!
5	After disappointing start at Kaya Sushi, we returned to Yama Sushi, the quality is top notch, the servers are nice. Service is quick, and the atmosphere is clean. I love it. Will return!!!!
5	This is THE BEST sushi place in Las Vegas HANDS DOWN. I make it a point to eat here at least once a month. It's located off the strip so it's pretty much locals only. This is nice because you don't have to deal with the drunk tourists who wander around. It can get extremely crowded, and if you have a large party you will probably have to work. It's worth it!  The rolls are delicious and fresh. If you like Uni, this is the place to go. You can only get one order per person though so make it count!For rolls, I recommend the Man Whore and Salmon Loves Lemon rolls. They do have a lot of choices though, so there is something for everyone. I try to try a new roll every time. You can even order a half roll which can be the perfect size when you are starting to get full! I'm sad that I moved away from Las Vegas and won't get to eat at Yama. But I'll make sure to stop by every time I'm there!
5	Always great!!  Super fresh and for some reason the water is sooo good lol.  I highly recommend this place.
5	Found my new favorite sushi spot! This place is always packed when I go. With people waiting outside for tables. But if your fine dining at the bar, you might not even have to wait. (Besides, AYCE is best at the bar). They have an amazing seafood salad. You have to try it. It sounds kind of weird, but literally amazing. The restaurant seems a little crammed also, but maybe because its always so busy. Overall, its a great restaurant. Servers and chefs are so friendly. Some chefs are hilarious also! Definitely a place to try!
4	Back at Yama Sushi again, figure it's time to finally review them. I love sushi and have hit a few different spots around town, Yama is still my favorite. I appreciate the variety of cooked/cold (raw) rolls. My love for cream  cheese runs deep and I have SO many cream cheese filled rolls to pick from it's perfect! We usually sit at a table but this time we went for the bar, I have to say I like the bar better(except for the idiot and his girlfriend with spilled sushi all over seated next to us, but I digress) My favorites are always the Harry Potter, Wet Dream, Be Mine,  and Yo Sexy. My only complaints are the location. Location, location, location. I sincerely wish this place was in another part of town, maybe they'll move someday. Otherwise I'll continue to eat here...just during daylight.
5	One of the best sushi place in Las Vegas! Seriously delicious and amazing service!! They have so many kinds of rolls and options to choose from. We arrived with a big party and they situated us as soon as possible and our waiter was on top of everything. It was the best!
1	I just had dinner here and was extremely disappointed with service AND food. If the service isn't great, I would hope the food would be good. We ordered the AYCE and they had our order forgotten our order three times. They put too much rice with a weird texture that makes eating a whole roll a daunting task. There are better restaurants for a cheaper price and better service.
3	This is the first sushi place I come to in Vegas, but I can say I was not impressed. Price of 24 all u eat per person is fair, but I rather pay a little bit more to have more quality fish sushi. "Man whore" sushi is good, but the plate comes with 8 pieces and its really oily and cheesy... So I could only have one. Anyway, good service.
5	I love this place to death like literally. Oh man where should I start lol ever since the day I came to this place to try it out for myself, I think a whole week straight I couldn't stop ranting about how delicious everything is on the menu. Hands down one of my favorite sushi place in Vegas ;)
5	Best sushi in town, well worth the 30min wait!! Service is great, the only thing is that it gets crowded but very good all around
5	Service is always great And the food is delicious definitely one of my favorite places for sushi
3	Sushi eaters listen up -  don't listen to reviews that say the sushi here is delicious/fresh/the best they've ever had. Ok? Those people are obviously mid-westerners or teenagers or something. Listen to me I'm pushing 30, I grew up in San Francisco, recently moved to vegas, grew up in family-owned restaurant for 25 years. DO NOT expect the sushi here to be "very good", yeah? the cold food is totally acceptable though and probably won't make you sick. The hot food is definitely alright. For a buffet, it is good.Anyway, If the end of the meal (meaning dessert) wasn't so horribly disappointing I would have felt pretty good about my experience here.We went for the dinner buffet. They have good hot food. For being a sit down buffet the rolls and sushi is average buffet quality, not a whole heck of a lot of flavor.The amount of time it takes for them to come to take your order, the time it takes for them to make and deliver, and the table space makes it so that you can't overeat to the point of sickness. weekday dinner is $24/pp (not including tax or tip), includes hot green tea, other drinks not included. The desserts choices SUCK (ice cream or mochi, thats it). As in green tea ice cream that has literally no green tea flavor in it. Beware, the plum ice cream IS bubble gum ice cream with frozen plums in it - gross - is that what plum ice cream is supposed to taste like? Chocolate mochi was good but you're only allowed one mochi per person!!Their desserts pissed me off.If the owner cares to read this, which I don't think they do since this place is obviously really busy and probably has no need to change anything, if dessert is too expensive for you guys can you at least do some like creamy goji soup, or pudding, or just better quality ice cream please? Even cookies will do!If you had good desserts you might get a 5-star from me, for sure a solid 4.
4	Been here twice and was pleased both times. The prices for AYCE is great! Would recommend.
5	LOVE. IT. HERE.  Yes, ok, it's pretty busy, but we go for late lunch and we can always sit right down.  Sitting at the bar is fun too, because the chefs will through some great stuff at you that you don't even order!  I like that you can just order whatever.  There are so many amazing rolls - it's neat to experiment with them!  The seaweed salad is phenomenal - I could eat that all day!  The staff was great - they picked up a plate from me and some sauce spilled on my dress, 3 staff members, including the owner came over and scrubbed my dress clean - it was quite cute actually.  If you are looking for a fun place to eat, you want VARIETY, and you want good sushi - this is the place to go.  We go every time we are in town!!
5	Still my favorite sushi spot in town. I don't know how they do it. Maybe it's because they have a million servers on the floor, and a bunch of sushi chefs behind the bar, but service is always on point. Rolls come out quickly and I never have to wait long for drinks to be refilled or dirty dishes to be cleared. So I always start with the seafood salad, although the portions have gotten smaller. I don't get any soup or  appetizers because I'm just there for the rolls. I really enjoy the sun of the beach, wet dream, snow in Vegas, and no name rolls. Yes they are saucy, but that's what makes em' good! I really wish they would open another restaurant because they are always busy! I went Thursday night around 8 and there was still a 20 minute wait. Honestly though, that was nothing. I've waited an hour before because this place is absolutely worth the wait.
4	Yama Sushi has excellent service, fresh sushi, and reasonable-sized servings.  I went for dinner around 5:30 and my friend and I were seated right away.  We both opted for all-you-can-eat sushi for $26.95, which was a reasonable deal for the amount of sushi we eat!What I like about Yama Sushi is that the size of the servings is PERFECT!  The sushi is not overly filled, and you can even order half-orders if you want to try several different rolls!  Many other all-you-can-eat sushi places try to fill you up and only allow you to order a couple of rolls before you literally have to roll out of the restaurant.  Yama Sushi is not like that.Additionally, the servers were extremely friendly and helpful here!  I was asking the server if they had a california roll topped with spicy tuna, and she said it was not on the menu, but the chef would be happy to make it!  The servers were always present to refill our water and ask us if we wanted to order anything new.Although the quality of the sushi is fresh and delicious here, they did not offer as large or unique of a selection as other sushi restaurants.  Yes, I know the names are unique, but looking beyond that... The only sushi I distinctly remember eating here was the "Yo Mama," and that was my absolute favorite roll!All in all, I would definitely return to this restaurant because of the convenience of the half-order rolls and the accommodating service.  However, it was not the best sushi I've had in Las Vegas.
1	I don't know how this place has 4 stars. I've given it a try a couple times since it's near UNLV and cheaper than most AYCE places but nothing redeems this place of how below-average the sushi and service is. This place is crowded often but don't let it fool you, it's in a crowded area plus it's near the strip. The sushi is terrible. Their rice is always falling apart and the fish never tastes fresh. Plus their service is flat out rude. And if you don't want to take my word for it then take the Health District's word for it. THEY GOT CLOSED IN JUNE TWICE FOR FAILING THEIR HEALTH INSPECTION. And have gotten numerous C's in the past, many times getting over 30 demerits. Google it.The last time I went, when my friend and I arrived the hostess seemed peeved we were waiting for the rest of our party. We didn't even insist we sit down at a table but she had attitude about us waiting. When we got to our table it was 2:50 and they tried to charge us dinner prices which we had to fight them about. (And who wants to do that?) If your menu has lunch prices till 3PM then it's lunch prices till 3PM. Its not a hard concept. It's not like a buffet where we are trying to get lunch prices for a dinner buffet..it's the same shiz.  One last person arrived at 2:59 and they made a stink that HE absolutely had to pay the dinner price. Okay fine, take your extra 3 dollars you crazy people.Then we ate and I definitely didn't eat my moneys worth. Sushi looks like it's from a grocery store. Nothing special, tastes old.I'm sorry but when your sushi is gross don't be so determined to charge the higher price. They were rude about the whole process too and like I said, the sushi sucks.  The first time I went there they started bringing rolls no one ordered and when we said that they argued with us then and put it on our table anyway. This business does not know how to pick their battles or treat their customers. It's scary going to a sushi place like this because they WILL argue you for more money, even when they're clearly in the wrong. Sakana across the street is much better and relatively the same prices.
3	I mostly ordered Nigiri when I visited, the fish were not fresh at all.  We sat at the bar and the sushi chef were not very friendly; felt like I was asking for money when ordering sushi.  I think I would rather take my money and go to that Other place.
5	Best ayce sushi I have found in Vegas bar none.Usually a wait to get in, with good reason. They have very skilled staff and the sushi appears to be super fresh. Always very clean as well.Price is around 26.00 for dinner, great value.
1	This place is cheap , but for a few dollars more you can have MUCH better quality. This place is NOT good. If youre eating rolls, you can't tell what is inside, so youre fine. I only eat nigiri so I see the fish all too well. The first time I went here the tuna, which is usually a nice red color, was almost BROWN. I went another time to give them another chance, disappointed again. This is far from real Japanese food.
5	Love this place.  Visiting Vegas for a while now and just came upon this place whole staying here for a month.  Great Sushi at great price.  The all you can eat is a great deal.  Have eaten at high end Sushi in Vegas but this is my new favorite.
1	AVOIDING THIS PLACE AS MUCH AS YOU CAN DONT BE FOOLISH. I just had a dinner last night and their fishes are not fresh at all so in the morning I threw up and found out I'm food poisoning. All I threw up was albacore, scallop, and some tunas !
2	It was just "ok" if you don't know what good sushi is them you will probably love it.
4	A Vegas fav!!! I come out to Vegas ever so often and this is a usual stop. I usually get AYCE which is around $22-$23 a person--don't quote me on that. What's really good is the salmon and other fish collar that is underneath the appetizer section. Other than those two items, you can find the typical menu items that you usually find in any sushi place. Dessert also comes with AYCE with a choice of one mochi ice cream ball or a scoop of regular ice cream.My only complaint about this place is the location. Every time I've been here, I've either seen people get into fights, couples cussing each other out, or have a ton of shady people approach you for money. But once you get inside, all is well and yummy!
1	Gross & ouch for my mouth. While eating there was something that kept poking the inside of my mouth. I wanted to throw up the food. There were fish bones inside the sushi roll and when I had asked one of the workers they said it was normal and that you can eat it. The sushi is so gross here and doesn't taste fresh at all. Service needs to be worked on tremendously also. We had sat down BEFORE these 3 other men but however when we wanted to order she said she'll be back. Next thing we know she was taking the other people's order and then left and never came back for our order. Someone else had to take it. When she had came back to our table she was showing much attitude and didn't seem to want to tend to us at all. Will never be coming back.
4	There were 13 of us. This sushi place accomodated all of us and put us in a seperate room that had a table big enough for all of us. Even when we were still waiting for the rest of our group, they had reserved the table for us. All of us had All You Can Eat, must I say it is worth it. This place is very efficient, you order, a few minutes later yimou'd be eating some of the best rolls and appetixers you'd ever have. Our servers were Andrea and Ingrid, then an Asian lady with a #1 tag on her uniform. They were all nice and friendly. I definitely recommend this place, specially to sushi lovers and to people who likes to eat out with groups of friends!
3	Been here a couple times and it's been a hit and miss. I ordered the garlic tuna and could barely stomach it-by far the worst I've had. It just didn't taste right and was off and weird. The other rolls I had were decent as well as the appetizers. The bento box I had was the only thing I've enjoyed so I'm just going to stick to that if and when I come here There are so many other choices for ayce sushi that's the same price and better quality. Not my favorite, but it's an ok place.
4	Looked for a place to eat in the area , opened yelp and saw a four star four for this place, I have to say that I agree. Food is great, price was great ( $20.99 for all you can eat lunch 11am-3pm) and service was on point. I was reading that some people had a problem with the service - I don't know if they were reading your comment or what but I couldn't take a sip of my water and someone was there for a refill. App came quick also. Go there during lunch , sit for an hour at least and enjoy the food :)
5	The best Sushi Restaurant I've been to yet all the way around. The staff, quality of food and service are top notch! I've tried many different All-You-Can-Eat Sushi Bars and so far I have not been able to find another that's remotely comparable!
5	My boyfriend and I are from Orlando, and had just completed a Death Valley NP trip. We were looking for some fantastic local food away from the strip, and had to try this place considering all of the YELP reviews. We arrived at 3 minutes before 6:00 p.m., just at the cutoff of the Happy Hour special. Fortunately, the waiter rushed us to our table and got an order in for us so our ticket would be clocked in before 6:00 p.m.! Nice!Our waiter was extremely attentive, knowledgable, and very nice. He made sure our waters were always full. My boyfriend ordered only 1 beer, but our waiter took such a liken to us, that he would bring him another beer (for FREE!), three more times! Wow!!! The head chef visited our table as well, and asked if we had tried his signature dish yet. Why no, we haven't!!! He ordered for our table a plate of yellowtail sashimi with sauce (for FREE), for us to try. All this, while knowing that we are from Orlando and won't be a repeat customer anytime soon. The fresh was surprisingly extremely fresh, I mean, we are in the desert here! Happy Hour has some incredible deals and you can't go wrong with anything on the menu!We were charmed by the staff and how pleasant and attentive they were to us!!! We can't say enough about how please we were with the service, on top of, the spectacular food!
5	I've tried so many sushi places here in town and this one has been by far the most superb one! Poaw the sushi dude is amazing!!! I'm a regular there so I never have to order anything. Plus they have hamachi Kama which most places only have salmon Kama if they have Kama. The house always treats me to a large sake! Super friendly service and fresh food!!!! Love love love this place!!!!!!
4	Monkey only supposed to have a beer with friends before leaving town...  And jeez, we just left our new favorite restaurant. Guess we beat the Friday night dinner rush at 530p. Seated in about 20mins, servers are numbered, move quickly, take your orders and zip away in a flash. It's a busy AYCE, so they gotta move!  Kudos to server #12 (Go HAWKS!!!)who took note of everything:  who is eating AYCE and who is not, got every single order delivered and kept a sharp eye out for every time someone wanted another order. Somebody... Ordered extra Collars and guess who had to put them all down to avoid the Leftover Food Charge. Eat it all or they will charge you for that dish. Not this Monkey!Monkey do:LG ASAHI - of course!SALMON KAMA - huge hunka fishHAMACHI KAMA - charred slightly but perfect and also a big fishAGEDASHI TOFU - plentiful and then helped killHAMACHI KAMADBL SALMON ROLL - salmon avocado over rice, not so smoked salmon & cucumber. SOFT SHELL CRAB(deep-fried) Eh. SEAFOOD SALAD - Wow! Big pile of raw fishes!  We wobbled outta there to find families and groups waiting probably forever to eat. At $23.50 ea for Dinner, it's a good deal if you want more than 2 rolls and a beverage. Monkey's coming back(before 530p) for the seafood salad, collars and a beer. Count on it!
5	Love this place! It's my favorite! My roommate and I come once a week. Best sushi in town!
5	Been going here for years all you can eat at the top of line sushi and are the chefs here fast the service is great
4	If you want to throw down all you can eat sushi, this is a good spot. They have all the standards with a quite few specialty rolls. There are times at dinner there is a long wait. Its not 5 star worthy, but for the money it's good.
5	I have been coming to this sushi place for years. In my opinion it is hands down the best sushi place in Las Vegas. Every time i sit down they remember my name and the first few dishes that I always order. They make my dining experience personalized and fun. The fish is always fresh and delicious. I would recommend Yama sushi to anyone I know!
1	Really not sure why this place has 4 stars. My husband and I have been here several times and its always been ok not great. Well a few days ago we went to try it again and it was horrible. The server we had was extremely rude, forgot about our drinks and sushi. Once we actually got our sushi (we ordered rolls and nigiri) it was disgusting, lacking flavor and did not taste fresh. We asked to speak to the manager and she promised it was fresh well it wasn't and we couldn't even finish our first order. We both ended up feeling miserable after and will not be back.
4	I wanted to see if all the reviews about this place were correct.. They didn't do this place justice. It was the best sushi I've had in a long time. I went for the unlimited sushi and I couldn't stop eating. It wasn't after 32 rolls that my stomach said no more and I decided to tap out
4	Dinner price is about $30/person after tip.  I think it's pretty well worth it.  The fish was fresh and came out in a timely manner.  A lot of the rolls are california roll based, as expected, but decently flavored.  They also serve large sweet shrimp and uni (1/person) which were very fresh.  I like this place compared to other AYCE sushi places because of the variety.  They have tons of rolls and appetizers to choose from.  Make sure to try and call ahead of time to make a reservation - or be prepared to wait a long time.
1	This place tried to kill me I explained to them that I could not have anything with shellfish (shrimp, real crab...etc.) I AM ALLERGIC!!!!!!!!they even wrote it on my ticket. I ordered several rolls on the 3rd roll  what do they do they serve me a roll with shrimp in it. I did not realized it contained shrimp because there was quite a bit of topping on it. My mouth felt tingly I instantly started drinking water to help with my reaction. I called for a manager of which was not prompt at all, she was so worried about the bill being paid for my two friends (of which she did not charge me for mine) instead of me getting medical attention. By God's grace I did not consume a whole lot I did not need medical attention. Even though I did have a mild reaction.......BEWARE!!!!!!!! they don't follow instructions!!!!!!
5	The All You Can Eat is EXCELLENT... huge menu to order from including appetizers, soups, salads, and desert to go with the hashimi and sushi rolls (over 60 different ones).  You can order half rolls to in order to be able to try more rolls without having to eat any entire roll.  Some items can only be ordered once per person (denoted by a red heart), but it's not a big deal.You must get the seafood salad if you like sashimi (that is the closest you will get to sashimi when getting AYCE).  It is excellent.Great deal for only $24 for dinner.... if you get 2 rolls and a drink, it's usually more than that.Military discount only if you are in uniform.
5	To me yama sushi is the best ayce and its a lot affordable compared to others ayce I don't mind the wait tried the halibut sushi the happy rainbow and no name you cannot be dissapointed if you love sushi you'll understand what I mean
4	Love this place! Would give it a 5star if service was a bit better. Usually go here once a month. You can't beat all you can eat sushi for $25. Food quality has always been great. Not once have we had something we didn't like. Usually pretty busy. Always packed for lunch and dinner! It can get a bit noisy with all the people.
5	Delicious all-you-can-eat with lots of choices for $24.  Friendly service, too.
4	Great food and price for lunch - all you can eat sushi, and the perfect place to meet up with friends!
5	The best ever sushi ayce in the world :") costumer sever great. Whether because of perceived healthfulness, its clean flavor, or just owing to greater availability, raw fish has stayed hot. And Long Island has benefitted from the rush of new restaurants that specialize in it. Sushi may not be as omnipresent as pizza and pasta, but the communities without a place to sample the uncooked taste of the ocean...I love this place foreal
5	I like this place so much...The food is so good and sever have very nice service...number 7 make it in hand roll is the best sushi i never have.   Love this place! Would give it a 5star if service was a bit better. Usually go here once a month. You can't beat all you can eat sushi for $25. Food quality has always been great. Not once have we had something we didn't like. Usually pretty busy. Always packed for lunch and dinner! It can get a bit noisy with all the people.
5	Best sushi restaurant ever!!!!!! Quick service, great Taste...never disappointed...100% Recommended...!!!!!! Friendly STAFF EVER!!!!
4	A sushi buffet in vegas? As my account reads : sushi buffets are my place of business. So we had to go check it out.Most of the things were good. I mean there was basically a sashimi poke, and that was amazing, i forgot what it was called.Some baked rolls were sort of ... odd. But all in all, it was good and I would come back.
5	Love the updated space! Remembered our favorites even tho we haven't been there in 6 months! Brought friends from South America and they were amazed by the quality, taste, atmosphere,  etc. Sushi chefs are so fast it's unbelievable!  Loved everything.. already planning our next trip!
5	This place.... Yes! Go if you like sushi go! Come hungry. The all you can eat is a steal, it includes soup and desert. All the rolls are made quickly and extremely friendly staff.
5	when I think of all you can eat sushi, I think of compromised quality for more quantity, but at Yama, that is not the case. Delicious fresh fish! Also great service!!!!!I ordered mostly nigiri, and then was unsure of which rolls to order so I told the server to pick us a few rolls (because there are so many to choose from !!!) and not to tell me what they were and to just bring them lol....still not sure what they were but everything was sooooo good and I can't wait to go back :)I don't normally make yelp reviews, but I this Yama definately deserved it! 5 stars
4	Lots of options for a very reasonable price ($23 for all you can eat), very tasty sushi and great service so would definitely recommend!Cons:- Not on the strip, bit further out - Interior is basic
5	Definitely one of the better sushi places in Las Vegas! Came here on a Monday night and was surprised at how many people were there! We opted to sit at the bar which worked out perfectly. All the rolls we tried were super delicious and for $24 a person it was definitely worth it! Will definitely be back soon!
4	Love this place. About $25/person for AYCE dinner. My favorite is the Japanese Lasagna and the chocolate mochi ice cream.  My boyfriend's favorite is You the Man.  My only complaints are that the service is inconsistent and the tables are too close together - you're practically sitting in your neighbors lap.
1	Got sick here in sept of 2013, then again in sept 2014. I wont eat here again. I was so sick, I was layed up for SEVEN DAYS. It's always busy here though,  and its a great deal if you like playing Russian Roulette with food poisening.
4	Very low prices compared to other sushi joints.  The sushi is good, and I enjoy the tea here :)
5	Best AYCE sushi in town.  I've been coming here for years.  It's very busy now, but with expanded rooms.  Very worth it.
3	Service is slow. There is a 2 hour limit but it took them 10 minutes to get our drinks 10-15 to get our order every time. They see us but they are just slow to react.  Other ppl were served ahead of us even though we got there before them. Must have been a busy night. The buffet price is worth it rather than ordering individually.  You have to finish all your food or they charge you extra.  The downside is what to do when the fish taste like crap. Can I renegotiate the price? Another thing I don't understand is why some of the sushi were already presoaked in soy sauce. May be it's the chef's style. I'm from out of town and I've had better quality of fish.  I tried all the fish from their menu and I wasn't impressed with any of them even the Uni was a let down. My only recommendation would be the dumplings and the edema me.
4	This was the perfect lunch after laser tag.  Ayce sushi.  Totally hit the spot, made all my friends happy.  And the waitress was super nice and even recommended us some stuff.  I was reading some of my friends reviews and they said they had bad service, well I'm glad we went anyway cause they were awesome.I loved that dessert was included and they had plum wine ice cream :) sweet!  Mochi ice cream :)Sushi was good, Kama was good, nigiri was solid.  Rolls came in different combinations and most were pretty tasty. No complaints.
4	I would have given five stars but the service was terrible.  Very slow, it really was not that busy. AYCE is a great deal, the rolls were great. I'm from out of town. I just wish the waiter was a bit more attentive. It's very annoying to get up and ask for more tea and ask to order more. But other than that the food was good. We got the no name roll, one minute man, baby one more time, crazy roll, and man whore.
5	my favorite sushi place in Vegas! Decor sucks, service is okay.. but none of that matters cause the food is just so amazing and AYCE is great deal!
2	We go to Yama quite a bit as it close to our office for lunch.  I really like the Spicy Seafood salad, however it seems they have cut the portion size way down.  The server today was not very attentive either.
5	All you can eat sushi for less than 25 bucks. Their menu is quite large, the food taste great and every server was nice and courteous. Definitely recommend this place to everyone
4	No oysters in their AYCE Sushi dinner menu! Try the spicy seafood salad.. you can get a half order, you'll like it!
5	Awesome. Great price for the all you can eat.  The "Man Whore" is a menu item must.
4	Yama Sushi is a perfect place for all you can eat sushi!  The staff is very friendly and attentive; they are almost too slow sometimes, but that's okay because it allows your food to digest a little.  The sushi always tastes fresh and the ability to order half-orders of rolls is perfect!  The restaurant is small on the inside, but there is rarely a long wait to get seated.  Perfect for dinner with friends or family!
5	After many, many 30min-1hr long waits at Goyemon, I decided I needed to find a new sushi joint. Thanks Yelp, I LOVED Yama Sushi! I give five stars to the types of rolls they had at Yama and not necessarily the quality of fish. The fish in Vegas just doesn't compare to Japan! The rolls, however are another story. Yama has all of the basic rolls, but most of their menu is filled with original rolls with dirty names. The waiter brought us out a plate of the Wet Dream to try while we waited for the rolls we ordered; I love when they do that! Also, Wet Dream turned out to be my favorite roll. The seaweed salad was good, cucumber salad not so much. The deep fried oysters had too much fry and not enough oyster. A couple of the rolls had too much cream cheese for me. Thumbs up to being able to order THREE DESSERTS (2 ice creams, 1 mochi ice cream). Don't let the less than ideal neighborhood and plain exterior of the restaurant scare you away. The interior and sushi make up for it! Yama Sushi is my new favorite sushi restaurant!
1	The specialty rolls are all creative and candy to the eye, the quality of fish less than Mediocre,  But WOW. Just based off customer service this place gets 1 star, The waiter i had was rood, rolled his eyes at me when he gave me the wrong check..  and most of the workers look like they hate working here. Sucks because i live right down the street and would have loved to have made this my new local sushi restaurant. Since i eat sushi at least 1nce a week. But i absolutely refuse to give these people my money.
2	What happened Yama? Your quality took a nose dive off a cliff into a heap of mediocrity and bad sushi rice. I used to love this place and made a point to come here every time I visited Vegas. For  under $30, AYCE sushi rolls is tough to top, and I guess something had to finally give at Yama. The quality truly is noticeably worse and the rolls are now stuffed with a higher rice to fish ratio. To make matters worse, even the sushi rice quality seemed to have declined as both the texture and flavor are subpar. On prior visits, I would have given Yama four stars, but based on my most recent visit, I can't give it more than two. Hopefully, they bounce back and I can edit this review later.
5	Yama is great. I was a sushi mon fan but yama beats them hands down. I love all their specialty rolls and they satisfy my eel cravings. Their Misu soup is excellent and I have never had a bad experience there.
5	Best shushi in vegas ....I just refuse to go somewhere else. . I really recommend to all
5	Went here today for my bday and it is absolutely excellent. Service was great and food was even better. I was probably here for around 2 hours and the sushi was fresh and fantastic. A bit cramped when full but will definitely come back for more.
5	My favorite sushi house and only just down the streetGotta have those man whore's and the palm job is to die for.  I love coming down here with my friends and family. I always refer them to here when ever I can.
2	Great food at a great price. AYCE with high quality sushi. Unfortunately our crabby, sourpuss, downright rude chef (Paw) ruined my meal by being such a disrespectful jerk. I have no idea why. Try getting a job you like!
2	Wow. We were sitting at Paw's bar tonight, too. We thought it was us. Guess it was him afterall. We like Sasa Sushi on Cheyenne and Buffalo better. A FRIENDLIER, more personable atmosphere.
5	Best AYCE in Vegas.  Salmon and yellowtail collar, seafood salad, great tempura, quality nigiri for a ayce, bomb diggity rolls, good service and chill sushi chefs.  What else can you ask for, if yelp had a 6 star option, this place would get it.
5	Did someone say AYCE Fresh Sushi? Sign Me up right now! This Spot is amazing if you love fresh sushi. You have the ability to order any style of sushi roll From the menu all under the AYCE menu price! A group of us sat at the sushi bar and watched the head Chef make some incredible rolls. If you are vegas this is a must hit.
1	Came highly recommended. Roach climbed up wall behind while eating toro. Didn't seem to bother anyone else.
4	The sushi has very naughty and creative names. Good all u can eat price for dinner $23.99 . You can order anything on the menu. We order Sake and it did take a little while for it to come but very worth it.
4	Good sushi with a great price. Only reason I'm giving it a 4 star is because the portions have to much rice for the all you can eat. The fish is very fresh and I recommend any one who lives sushi with a big appetite.
3	Rolls were decent.  Place is busy which wasn't a problem.  Took about 20min to get seated.  Pretty good time.  Service is chaos.  Found it funny the waitresses weren't named, but numbered.  They forgot 2 of the rolls we ordered.  The table next to us had half their order forgotten.  Other than the price im not sure if we will rush back.
4	Love this place. Great variety of sushi and sashimi rolls, prices are very reasonable. They also have all you can eat for $25 so you can try a variety of things. The names of the rolls are humorous, they have the traditional sushi and sashimi but they also provide you with a great variety of specialty and custom made rolls.  Food is always fresh and quickly delivered,  however service could be a bit friendlier and more personable.
5	We love this place. Its a must stop when we are visiting. We use to live in Las Vegas but now reside in Portland Oregon where they don't have AYCE.. say whhhaaaattt. I know CRAZY. but that what makes visiting this restaurant even better. This visit was on a Sunday night with 7 other people. A Full restaurant at that. but they service is always great, it was good this time.. we had a couple dishes we didn't order placed on our table. Then we noticed one that had been on our table for about 20 minutes and the waitress took it and gave it to the table behind us.!! WHAT?! now that was just terrible (what if we sneezed on it, which we didn't ) but not okay with any of us. The price for AYCE dinner is $24.95 I believe. Staff is all friendly. The Restaurant is clean. Always a line out the door/people waiting outside for a table. Good sign right?!I would say if you like sushi this is a place to go!
4	The wait can be a bit long some days, but it's worth it! One of my favorite AYCE sushi places. Cozy atmosphere, good service, and some pretty amusing names for the sushi rolls. Best to go with a group of 3-4 people to mix and match and optimize the AYCE experience. Don't forget to save room for dessert! The green tea ice cream or various flavors of mochi are a perfect way to end the meal. Roughly $25 for dinner and a soft drink. Not too shabby.
5	The last time I left a review for Yama I had only been there twice. I've probably been to Yama now, 10 - 15 times and I am never disappointed. The service is great. Even on a busy night, I get my sushi in a reasonable time. My favorite rolls are the spicy sexy role, happy ending and wet dream. There are so many options at Yama. I would definitely recommend.
5	Love this place we go there every time we have sushi.,Took my son for sushi for the very first time ,and he's pretty picky eater .Aways has good service , clean eating area.
5	This place is amazing. The price is great, food is awesome, and service is super fast. I randomly found this place last year, and as a visitor to Vegas, I hate paying strip prices for quality sushi. But all you can eat for $24?! Yes, please! Normally all you can eat sushi is crappy rolls, but this is premium stuff here, so it's well worth the money. Definitely a must eat if you're looking for great sushi but don't want to pay $200 for two people.
5	Why do I even bother eating sushi anywhere else in Vegas? I'm always disappointed because nothing compares to this place. Their ingredients are fresh, the sushi roll combinations are unique, service is quick, and the AYCE is a great value.I recommend the Seafood salad specifically, but you really can't go wrong with anything you order.
5	Yama sushi MMMMMMMM This is my 2nd time ever eating sushi. Did 23 dollar all you can eat.   Totally worth it. Had way more than 23 dollars worth! Sat at the sushi bar and it extremely quick service by the chef . They make it to order right in front of you! Kinda neat watchin them whip up everyones food so quick and efficient . We went on a saturday night so we had to wait about 15 mins for 2 of us.. Larger parties had to wait longer that were there ahead of us.. Food was excellent and i thought the price was good. Cheaper if you go before 3 pm.   Go in hungry! You won't regret it! Oh yea practice using chopsticks because we did not see a fork anywhere!
2	I tried Yama today because of the sheer volume of positive reviews, but I wasn't impressed. I am a nigiri girl, so my review is just for nigiri. The quality of fish was good (not great), but the cuts were ok and holy moly rice... I felt like I was eating starch for days.. I couldn't even taste the fish cuz there's so much rice!! They're a bit understaff so it takes a while to order and for your food to come. The Mexican lady is also a bit rude when you ask her about things on the menu. I think if more people know about Sakana across the street they would not be so busy. Sorry Yama, think Sakana's got you beat in quality and variety.
5	Affordable all you can eat sushi! $25 dinner with sashimi salad, soft shell crabs, mussels, shrimp tempura and unlimited sushi rolls. Plus Mochi ice cream for dessert!I highly recommend Yama Sushi.
3	Overall 3.5 starsGold medal - sweet shrimp Silver medal - uniBronze medal -  gyozaIf you are looking for sushi then sushi coma is better.  If you are looking for rolls, the rolls at Yama are really yum.The sweet shrimp at Yama is really good.  It is large shrimps and they fry the head.The uni was fresh and super creamy.  The gyoza was very crispy and tasty.  Super long wait, so try to get there early.Happy Sushiing!!
4	All you can eat is the way to go!  I really love the spicy seafood mix and the nigiri here.   As for strategy, go for non-rice items first and then slowly move toward rolls.  Save your stomach for dessert especially the mochi.It's just so good here and the price is amazing for what you can get!  There are so many choices here that it boggles the mind.  I love choices!  The sushi here is great and you get more than what you pay for.  I didn't have any fishy taste when I ate it.  Definitely fresh and so delicious.The parking is ample and it is very close cramped seating.  Expect a wait during dinner time. The service was amazing!  It's one of my favorite sushi places in Vegas and I can't wait to return back!
4	Who knew there was such thing as good AYCE sushi, this place delivered. Kama was wonderful as we're all the rolls. The seafood salad is basically sashimi salad, so good! Wish we had a Yama sushi back home.
5	I love sushi  (but we don't get out as much these days) and when my hubby asked me what I wanted for my special birthday meal, this was my number one choice (we'd never been here but I'd seen this place on yelp and heard good things from many people). Hubby enjoyed it too, because he said he'd like to come here again! Our little one also liked his chicken and rice plate (the server suggested this when we learned that they didn't have fried rice, his favorite). Lots of choices on the two-sided menu- AYCE includes side dishes and appetizers, but not sashimi (no biggie) and the rules (order small, luckily, you can order half-rolls, which we did; no sharing unless everyone is AYCE) are listed on the front side of the menu. I tried the spicy tuna roll, 007 roll, and ordered several different shrimp rolls, but my favorite one was the Yama Crunch Roll. On the salad side, I loved the Seafood Salad- it was such a good portion of Tuna, Salmon, Yellowtail, and Octopus. I am definitely getting that again! We also had beef teriyaki (excellent), edamame, and gyoza (tasty, but I don't think hubby liked them because they weren't sticky, but a bit on the crunchy side). The Special Rolls are on the back side of the menu. Didn't reach that side, though, because we got full. I didn't want to overdo it. I was satisfied though, and we were also planning to have ice cream later on, too, elsewhere. Also got a nice presentation for my birthday- two sliced mochi ice cream (mango flavored) with a scoop of green tea ice cream in the middle accompanied with a birthday song and a lit candle. Aww, how sweet.It wasn't crowded, but one of the servers said that dinner is crazy busy. (Good to know!) Lunch is probably better because of that. ($20.95 for lunch AYCE). Decor is elegant and pretty; and also nicely decorated for the Christmas season. Hubby was surprised at how nice it was inside. It's not big, but it's not hole-in-the-wall, either. Service was excellent. And really appreciated the suggestions they gave on the sushi rolls. Everyone there is your server. Everyone's very nice, too. Empty plates were quickly taken away.The website needs a bit of an update. Prices could be listed on there, and the entire menu of sushi, would help out a little, too. Needs some attention. When you click on some items, a message appears on the screen, "this page is currently under construction."  Yes, we plan on coming back here for lunch.
4	Love love the #7 roll!! Apart from the 25mins wait during dinner peak, we truly enjoy the selections they have here.
5	This place is amazing.  Got to get the early or there will be always line out the door.  Sushi rolls are amazing.  Tuna is so fresh.  Awesome fast friendly service. Stumbled upon this place before heading to a concert. Definitely will be back
5	Holy cow, this place is always awesome! The best rolls in my opinion -sun of a beach-no name roll-strip tease-wet dreamsThey're all amazing though and for appetizers I extremely suggest -bbq ribs-spicy seafood salad-garlic tuna-shrimp tempura You barely ever have to wait to order more sushi when you're already seated, the wait to be seated is a little sucky but only on weekends! Totally worth the wait and the service is on top and super appreciated!
3	I'm a little confused as to why this place has such outstanding reviews. Did I miss something? My mother and I came here last night and the place was jumping. But I guess since it is by the college, Mondays would be busy. We ordered 2 rolls, miso soup, chicken teriyaki, and mix tempura. The miso was good. The rolls came out really fast, they were ok. Tempura was ok. It came with what looked like a tablespoon worth of dipping sauce. By the 3rd or 4th piece it was gone. And the reason why I docked a star, the teriyaki chicken. They give you a thin chicken breast which tasted frozen, slapped on some sauce and price it at $3.99. The total wasn't too bad under $30, but the food was so mediocre. Oh and not to mention the floor was a slip and slide!!!! I was worried my mom would fall down. I was wearing sneakers and felt like I was ice skating.
5	I died and went to Heaven.Okay not literally of course.But my stomach did. Blew up like a balloon because I wanted the AYCE.I was so impressive with the quality and the service. They servers were attentive and nice. I noticed because they would refill my water everytime it hit the bottom of the glass.The sushi quality was great!! I was so happy to finally eat something good in Vegas because for the past few days, I was disappointed. Glad I've tried this place and I would definitely be coming back again!I love the mochi ice cream. I had it twice, and my sushi was so mouth-watering. The rollers were extremely good as well. I love how you can half-order so you can try everything without overstuffing yourself. Damn my stomach hurt though cause I wanted to everything on that menu.You will be seeing me again, for sure!
4	LOVE their sushi!!!! There is no other place I eat sushi at. It is a "hole in the wall" type of place. Despite it being in an iffy area, people stand in cold & heat to wait to get in. This place is ALWAYS busy. Today, Friday, was no exception. They do not take reservationsOur server took a while to get to us but a bus boy was quick to jolt down our orders & pass them on to our server. I think the fact that they are so busy takes away from the service but ask for anyone for anything & all are helpful, even if they are not your server. My recommendation: AYCE, come with an appetite.
4	It's a busy place.  However the services quick. Hamachi sashimi was very good. Also enjoyed the Hawaiian Roll, Miso soup (too salty), and seaweed salad.
5	I first heard about Yama on a plane back to Vegas a few years back from a man who raved about it! Thank goodness it lives up to its hype! The AYCE is such a sweet deal- but I recommend getting the half rolls so you can try the most sushi you can. Baby one more time and double dragon are my favorites! Whenever family or friends are in town, I always make way for them to try Yama. Great taste for such a great price!
3	It was a pretty good value. Overall it was better than average. The place was packed so the service was a bit slow. The sushi ran from good to excellent. There were no awful dishes or ones that "blew me away" either. I will go back and try a few more menu items and update my review afterward. Maybe I will add a star if the experience and food impresses me more next time.
1	Fake Japanese by Korean. They don't even serve Japanese green tea. Always run out of Uni during lunch hour. What a coincidence.Weird rules to limit you from eating what you like to eat. They wrap everything with a lot of rice and force you to finish them before next dish. The wait in between well make you out of appetite directly. It's full of craps. Next one..
4	My to go place when it comes to raw fish.  Always #1 choice. Fish is super fresh, great menu selection, and if there's something special that you're craving you ask and they will try to fancy your taste buds.  We have been coming for the past 4 years and never disappointed unless it's one of their off days in the service.  That would be my only recommendation is for the service to stay consistent
2	So dirty, super greasy menu. Dirty plates. Food was bad. Bad interior. Very bad overall experience. I'm just being honest.
5	This place is great! All you can eat sushi is the way to go and make sure you sit at the sushi bar. The chef was very friendly and had our sushi made within minutes of ordering! So yummy youll def leave extremely full. AYCE pricing Lunch: $20.95Dinner: $23.95
4	Salmon nigiri- portion size is HUGE! Crab stick nigiri - very goodHamachi kama - neckbone of yellowtail was REALLY GOOD. one per person only tho. Salmon kama - i liked it. My friend said it was a little dry (he got the worse one hahaha)Seafood salad was probably the best. 5/5. Portion is huge with ginormous chunks of salmon. However, mild spicy was not spicy. Miso soup was salty.They have ice cream and mochi as part of the ayce menu ^-^Service was excellent. Food came very quickly. Con: Hour+ wait.....for a party of 6 on a friday night.
5	An all you can eat sushi restaurant with QUALITY sushi. They had excellent selection of sushi and appetizers (the hamachi Kama was excellent! My mom ordered 3 on top of all the sushi we had!!) What surprised me was the eager service they gave us! Regular restaurants are hard to get the waiters/waitresses' attention. Nope not this one. These people were willing to serve us and continuously came to our table to see if we wanted more.
5	Best sushi in all of Vegas. Price, presentation & flavor are all incredible. My wife and I will drive well out of our way to eat here because the other sushi places we've visited just don't measure up.
5	By far the best sushi you'll find in Vegas and at a good price. The staff is wonderful and everything is fresh!
2	This place is just ewww. The sushi isn't fresh. The rolls have too much sauce. The fish to rice ratio is ok. Although the rice is rather hard. The decor is in need of a serious remodel.  If you know sushi, not Americanized sushi, I would not recommend. I really  can't believe yelpers have rated this place so high.
5	This place has it all. Great food and Great service. The all you can eat model makes it a total bargain for such high quality. This place is awesome! :)
1	http://m.reviewjournal.com/news/las-vegas/las-vegas-sushi-restaurant-owner-gets-house-arrest-tax-evasionThe owner got arrested for not paying tax! I will not eat there no matter how good it is.
5	Great!! The spicy sexy roll and who's your daddy are so good. My mouth is still on fire and I want more!
