4	One of my favorite places to catch the latest flick.  It has lots of food/drink options all around, yet because it's not mall you won't find tons of kids, tween and teens running all over the place all of the time.  Most kids who are there are there to watch a particular movie.  In and out of there.  It's also just a perfect meet spot for folks from different parts of town.  It was almost equal distance for friends from N. Phx, Old town Scottsdale, North Tempe and me in SoMo.  With it's location, you know it has to keep things nice, and it always does.And as a note, something about the place must work to help keep kids calm.  We took a pack of kids (Ok, 3 boys) here to see the first Harry Potter when it came out.  It was awesome.  Got everyone a Starbucks to sip on while waiting in the long line - even though we'd pre bought our tickets we had to get there early to ensure good seats.  And even after an early morning drive that could have made them whiny and a Venti serving of sugar and caffeine - they all behaved perfectly through the entire thing - as did almost all other kids during the whole Harry process.  Dang impressive.
3	This is an OK place to watch a movie.  I like it because it's close by, usually has the films I want to see and it's relatively clean - although the other day I did step on gum in the theater.  Ugh.  Nice selection of corporate pre-date chow in the area, too.Downsides are the film selection and parking layout.The film selection could involve more creativity.  Why are they showing 3 screens of Pirates.  Is that really necessary?   I think AMC could show an indie film or two - I think the Biltmore / Central Phoenix types would really eat it up.   I find the parking set-up to be fine, really.  But for the first-timer used to parking in a flat parking lot and walking straight into the theater it might be a bit confusing - because it's all urban, mixed-used development parking garage and stuff.  The stairs leading out of the garage to the walkway of the theater is REALLY confusing.  I can never remember which alternating staircase I took or which floor I'm on - Gila Monster, or Cactus Wren?  Hmmmm.
3	I like:~the location (close to me)~you can grab a drink after a movie or grab dinner before all in the same area~the theater is traditionally cleaner than mostI hate:~the smell of gas leaking when you walk out of the parking garage after you park~getting stuck in the garage after the movie-- i don't get what the hold up is people???  Have your VALIDATED TICKET in your hot little hand as you approach the exit.  Often times, you can be stuck in the garage for 15 mins.  totally blows.So I gave 3 stars, even though I like the theater itself, it's the parking that deserves zero stars-- so 3 stars it is.
4	The Esplanade is a decent movie theater to go to.  We are currently in a bit of a fight though, as they've decided to stop selling Snickers Popables.  It might not be entirely their fault, maybe more of a corporate decision, but I think I'm going to start sneaking my own treats in after that slap in the face.Besides disagreeing as to acceptable movie snacks (they replaced the Popables with Goldfish crackers), I'll usually choose this theater over others, if only for it's proximity to my house and the mostly civilized crowd.  I find less screaming babies in R-rated movies at this theater than at, say, AMC Arizona Center.  Sometimes you get some annoying, giggly teens and pre-teens, which is why post-city-mandated-curfew shows are great.I never have figured out why they can't seem to solve the problem of the garbage odor though.  It's not always present, but when it is, it's there in full force.  I'm guessing it's the food garbage from the restaurants, but I can't think that their neighbor, the Ritz-Carlton, is a big fan of that stink wafting over.Some tips:* If you want to avoid parking lines, park underground.  (This may only be useful after business hours and on weekends.)  If you come in off 24th Street, the entrance to the underground parking is to the right.  It's kind of creepy, but you can usually park right by the elevators and avoid the reeeeeally long lines that occur when almost all 14 theaters let out at the same time.* If you're afraid to park underground, simply go downstairs and get an ice cream/coffee/pastry/drink at one of the restaurants and bars on the ground level.  By the time you get your food or drink and get back to your car, you've most likely avoided the line.  Don't be too leisurely though, or you'll catch the next exodus and the circle will start all over again.* If you take the stairs, make sure you make note of which side of the stairs you came up.  There are two sets on each side of the theater and if you go down the wrong side, the entrance to your floor will be a non-descript little door rather than the wide open double-doored entrance that you recognize.
4	Never really had a problem here. The crowds aren't awful like the other theaters around me. Annnd it's close to the Gelato Spot, so I can smuggle in some treats. But what's up with the totally rank sewage odor that you have to suffer through while you go up the escalators? You'd think that in such a nice, upscale area as that, they'd want to fix that immediately, but it's been like that as long as I've been a patron.
4	And open letter to the Esplanade Theaters:Dear Mr. or Ms. EsplanadeI enjoy your theaters. They are close to my home. And close to many restaurants and shops. Although I have to say the actual shops and restaurants at the Esplanade. Well, they suck. Except for Houstons. The choices of businesses and the horrible signage sends everyone scurring across the street. Yea, that's right. To the Biltmore. Just thought you should know.Your seats are comfortable and generally pretty dang clean. And your crazy concession prices. I don't even mind. It's like the crazy drink prices at the airport. I always expect it and actually enjoy overspending for some strange reason. Just part of the experience I guess. I really just have one other thing to say Esplanade people:FIX THOSE DAMN ESCALATORS!!!!! IF I WAS LOOKING FOR A FREAKIN HIKE BEFORE AND AFTER MY MOVIE I'D GO TO CAMELBACK MOUNTAIN! Thank you for your time. Most Sincerely,Thomas S.
2	OK, here it is folks....I've been to this theater before and ran into the escalators being broken down and having to use the elevator(way too long a wait!---Not fun)  but the whole idea of the theater's location is a nice one, and yes, the movies seem to be a bit less macabre there and the maturity of the over-all crowd seems to have less crying children than many other theaters.  Last night though, I experienced the rank sewage smell (throughout the complex) with a friend (bad smells are the worst and most offensive to me!), theater #13 was filthy and unkempt, and the parking underground was a mess again!I'm sorry, but if I should decide to go on a date any time soon or to impress a friend, I might have to strongly reconsider my theater choices.  Possibly go to Fashion Square in Snottsdale (Oh well)--At least I know what to expect there!  To me and my friend, the smell was the worst!  Sorry, this theater gets only two stars.
4	I've only been to two theaters since moving to the Valley.  Although I live closer to Harkins at Fashion Square, one experience there was enough for me.I find this theater relatively clean and free of screaming brats.  That's about all I need to be happy.  I've never noticed the gas smell in the parking garage or encountered the broken escalators, but my husband always insists we take the stairs.  As if that's going to counteract the bucket of popcorn and 55-gallon drum of Coke!Getting out of the garage can test your patience, though.  Beware of the lunatics whipping around the corners oblivious to the concept of driving on the right side.  Best time to go is the 10 am showings on Fridays.  Garages are empty, theaters are empty, and it's only $5.  Now you have just enough money to buy a candy bar with the change from your twenty.
5	My favorite movie theater in town.  $5 movies before noon, nice neighborhood and surroundings, and not too many annoying ankle-biting children.  Yes, the escalators should just be made into fixed stairs.  I've had the privilege of riding an escalator one time in dozens of trips.  The smells in the parking garage are sometimes not fun, but it smells like roses compared to the clientele at Harkins AZ Mills.
3	Students pay student prices ONLY on Thursdays.  Otherwise, everyone pays $9.50 per ticket past 6p (seniors may have discounted rate).   $9.50!  Good thing garage parking is validated up to four hours!  On a positive note, in fifteen minutes or more, I get to squeeze in a good workout before catching a movie.  I love climbing up and down those flights of stairs!
3	I love you Man!!! is the movie I went to see last night at this theater.So I go to this place because it is close to my house is really never that crowded, there are two reasons why this place does not get a hirer rating.1. It is usually pretty dirty and could use better clean up  I would even go as far to say I think this place could maybe use a good remodel. Also the men's restroom always smell like some homeless guy pissed on the floor and then the janitor pissed in a bucket and used his piss to mop up the homeless guys piss...to put it plainly it smells like piss...seriously dudes...how hard is it to piss in urinal...take another step closer to the god damn thing for crying out loud!!!!2. I don't think I will ever get over the fact that the price of popcorn or any thing at the theater is marked up 7000% over actual retail. And with the quality of American cinema today just overall ticket prices are fucking ridiculous, I remember when I was a young whippersnapper no one ever walked out of a movie...now I see that shit all the time..because some of the movies suck so bad...you feel dumber after watching them.So this place get three stars...for being close, that fact that it is never uber busy and not all the movies suck.
5	My favorite movie theater. Why? It's clean, the refreshment lines are short, many nearby dining & drinking options (and not just a Sbarro's or Chile's), covered parking (underground), it's a relatively safe neighborhood, and it's not tucked in a shopping mall. Add another plus - customer service. Last night we lingered at Morton's so long that we missed our 7PM show for which we prepurchased tickets. No problem they said, and handed us tickets for the 8PM. Very cool.
5	This is our theater of choice. It's clean, short lines for everything from tickets to refreshments. You can always find a seat. And  those seats are comfortable.  Covered parking. They validate and there is food nearby that is tasty.  They also have $5 dollar movies until 12 PM. So basically matinees are cheap. I enjoy that.
4	We've seen a bunch of movies at this theater over the years, so I am surprised I haven't written a review just yet.  Most recently, we went to see  "The Blind Side."  (Loved it by the way and highly recommend it).  Some of the things I like about this movie theater:*Great movie selection*Comfortable seats*Validated underground parking*Easy access to Biltmore Fashion Mall, True Food, and Houston's*Popcorn and other tasty treats*Clean bathrooms*Very good times compared to other theatersAnd just a few things I've noted during my visits to this theater:-escalators not always dependable-expensive concessions-ticket prices consistent with other theaters but still on the steep side!That being said, I'm sure I'll continue to frequent this theater - keep the customer service, movie selection, etc... coming.  Just do me a favor and keep the prices where they're at.. no need to keep raising ticket prices!  Happy viewing all!
4	I am an AMC MovieWatcher... and I have the card to prove it!I always catch the before-noon shows because they are only $5- even for new releases. The perfect treat for an early morning. The theatre is clean and there is usually a line but I skip right to the self-serve kiosks and get my tickets right away.Also, sign up for the MovieWatchers' club. You can earn points and get discounts on snacks, free popcorn, candy and even movie tickets. I've cashed in on a couple free movie nights already. The concession stand moves slow. I wish sometimes the kids at the counter would just move a bit faster to get our things,especially when there is a long line. However, they are really good about upselling. The butter factory is clean and works! The jalapenos for the nachos are fresh and packed in its separate containers which makes it easy and I don't have to fish around a container of juice and soggy jalapenos for them.The seats are comfortable and leave me with plenty of leg room, not that I need a lot of room but at least I know its there. It is a bit chilly so bring a light sweater. I haven't tried any restaurants nearby because it seems like there isn't any marketing for any. Most people come here just for the movies.Oh yeah and don't forget to validate because if you didn't, the gate guards will make you go back to get it.
3	I usually like AMC, I do.  But it seems that everytime we go here, there is a problem.For example, the other night, we wanted to see Date Night. Both MoviePhone.com and Fandango.com had shows at 8:45 and 9:40.  When we showed up, having missed the 8:45, we wanted to go to the 9:40 show. No one was up front selling tickets, so we had to buy it through the machine. It said it was currently 8:51, and that the only show that night was 8:45.  So we figured with previews we'd be fine, bought the tickets...which then came out of the machine completely smeared and unreadable.Upon entering the theatre, we realize it was way into the movie, so we check out cell phones. It was actually 9:25 -- the machine's clock was off.  We went back to guest services to get a refund, and were told there was no 9:45.  Then I saw his sheet of paper, and pointed out to him that it SAID 9:45 was the next showing.  After a moment of "oh, well, I just didn't see that...and the machine is broken" we asked if we could just go see the 9:45, and were let in.For the outrageous prices for both tickets and food (and the machine sure doesn't help OR give any student discounts), I'm really underwhelmed.  We'll probably look at another theatre.
5	One of the best movie theaters I have been to in a long long time.When its 115 degrees outside, nothing beats sitting in an air conditioned theater.  My buddy and I went here twice during our stay.  We saw Inception and Cyrus.  Both decent flicks by the way.5 stars.  That's right!  Know why?  $5.25 to get in.  That is unheard of.  I worked at a movie theater back in the day and those were the matinee prices THEN.  Here they are still that cheap.  That is awesome!   The theaters were really nice and they had multi levels in them.  We sat in the middle level for both movies.  There is nothing in front of you so you can stretch out your legs if you want.  The seats were comfortable and everyone we encountered was nice and friendly.  They also validate parking too which is awesome!  Overall a great theater!
5	One of my favorite places to see a movie.  Garage parking, nice staff great seats, and mostly empty.  You can have the theatre to yourself sometimes.
3	It's close to me, so I go here, and usually it's pretty empty. You're always assured a seat in air conditioning! They've always got the top movie selections - but the reason why it's not my favorite theaters is the PARKING - oy! What a pain in the butt! You have to park in the retail/restaurant parking garage, walk in the outdoor mall that is the Esplanade, but then you have to remember to get your ticket validated. Once I went and forgot, then gave my ticket to the parking lot guy - he said that they can't take that as validation anymore - $15!!! On top of my movie purchases, it was unreasonable. They should really stress making sure you have your parking taken care of. Either that, or I'm going only with people who promise to remind me to get validation!
5	We love the Esplande 14. In fact, we call it "our" theater and have a hard time going anywhere else. Its clean, great staff complete with tasty movie theater treats. And, its a great theater if you're looking to make a good old fashioned date night this is the place for you... great restaurant and bar options within walking distance to the theater. We often get Stingray for happy hour at the Biltmore and then walk over to the theater.
4	I love how this theatre is close to everything, but you can always find a parking spot and the theatre is never crowded. I just wish they (and all other movie theatres) would show movies at 8pm instead of 7 and 9.
5	Great location, very comfortable/large theatre
4	nice place to watch a movie. clean and very comfortable chairs.
1	The escalators are always broken, the popcorn is reminiscent of stale ass, the floors are sticky, and their customer service is a joke! I took both my kids to the FIRST showing of a CHILDREN'S movie on a Sunday morning during one of the hottest days of the year. The theater was 2/3 empty and we sat up front - about 30 minutes in my little one got antsy so my husband took her out to the arcade area. He tried to bring her back in but was told he couldn't by one of the employees. He decided to wait out the movie in the lobby after being given a refund on his ticket in arcade tokens (WTF?), but was then told he had to leave the premises because my child was being too loud (she was squealing at the games). When he asked them to exchange his game tokens for cash and then told them I had the car keys, wallet, and cell phones, they basically told him too bad and told him he had to wait out the 45 minutes in 100+ degree heat with my small child! If I hadn't thought it was strange that he hadn't returned and gone to see what had happened, I never would have known. We asked for the manager immediately and after my husband pointed out the two girls who had asked him to exit the building, we watched completely appalled as they lied to the manager, saying they had never even seen my husband before and that they had never told him anything like that. To our utter shock she basically turned to us and called US liars, refusing to give a refund. When we asked to speak to a general manager, he wasn't available but called us later in the day. He apologized and said he believed us but had to "back" his managers despite his personal belief. Worst theater experience ever - now we make the extra 30 minute drive up to Cine Capri; Harkins is SO much better AND they have flavored popcorn!
3	Renovations had this theater closed for a time and I recently attended the soft reopening of their dine-in theater dubbed "Fork & Screen". A promotion they sponsored "won" me four tickets to see "The Hangover Part II", though things didn't go quite as planned. While I was promised four tickets via the internet, when I went to print them, only two were available. In addition, while my guest and I arrived early, we were promptly told at the front door that the movie had been sold out. (More on that later.) Disappointed, my guest and I were about to leave when a good Samaritan offered us two tickets to see another move, Limitless. Glad the night wasn't a complete loss, we were happy to wait an additional half hour for the showtime of that particular film. During our wait we sat at what was formerly the concession stand, now renovated into a bar called "MacGuffins". We each drank Blue Moon and while cold, it wasn't the best flavor I've had. I can't quite put my finger on it, but will say they were competitively priced compared to local pubs. While this particular evening was probably a dry run for the staff, as well, I think they need to make an effort to get the table numbers straight. During the 30 or so minutes we sat at a pub table, we were approached by three additional servers (besides our own) bringing food we never ordered. The staff was very friendly and had been well coached on educating the public about the dine-in theater experience (and multiple offers for their version of a prepaid card.) In fact, one of the servers chatted us up so much he eventually offered to show us what the upgraded "suites" looked like. We got a quick peak and saw a theater with limited (reservation only, I believe) seating featuring roomy reclining seats and from what I've been told, will have an expanded suite-only menu available. If memory serves, I believe these seats will be about $2.00 more than seats in standard theaters. (And probably worth it for for quiet factor, alone.)We arrived inside the actual theater and while our Good Samaritan had given us his extra tickets, they were not beside one another and an usher attempted to locate a pair of side-by-side seats.  He was able to accommodate us after a short wait, but I was confused as the theater was half empty and I couldn't understand the fuss.  It made me wonder if the movie we actually had intended to see and were told was sold out might also have been half empty. In the theater where we were seated we found chairs that rock back a bit, but do not fully recline. Frankly, I didn't feel they were the most comfortable. Each seat has its own swing out tray table, a call button and a small light. The light is useless as it is situated about four inches behind where your elbow might rest and isn't bright enough to read a menu or see your food. Our server was friendly and our order arrived promptly and hot, though the food was forgettable. Most of the menu options are similar to pub food. I had Buffalo Chicken Fingers, french fries and a Diet Coke. My guest had the Bacon Cheeseburger, french fries and a Sprite. Neither meal seemed to be anything more than processed food. While it was a promotional evening where the movie tix, entrees and fountain drinks were comped, had I paid for it all myself (nearly $85 with tip) I would have preferred to eat elsewhere.
1	I can say hands down I won't be returning.  We were able to enjoy the preview weekend offered for the new Fork & Screen features, and the best thing I can say about it was I'm glad it was free.  All in all we enjoyed 2 free movie tickets, as well as free dinner and soda.  When we arrived we were helped quickly by a friendly guy who helped us get our tickets and headed to the new bar in the lobby.  I order a pomegranate martini from the menu and was shocked with the $7.99 cost arrived in the smallest martini glass I've ever seen.  In addition to being outrageously priced, which on this instance wasn't too bad since I didn't pay for much else it was terrible.  Even though we'd been told to arrive very early we were unable to actually enter our theater until 30 minutes before show time (even though the theater had been empty for nearly 40 minutes before we were able to be seated).  Once seated we experienced how close together the seats were.  I spent most of my evening being kicked, which isn't the fault of the person behind me I'm guessing she had as much foot room as I did which was none once the seat is reclined back.  Not to mention the highlight I saw on the site was about the age restrictions.  The cinama seats, which are only a few of the theaters are 21+ but the Fork and Dine theaters which I was in are 18+ or with a parent. So we had the joy of a 2 year old squeeling most of the movie which the staff (which was numerous) did nothing about.  When the waiter who was friendly took our order and our food arrived about 20 minutes later.  The food was about on par price and quality wise of what you would get from Applebees or TGI Fridays.  We had the potato skins (it had been FOREVER and I was excited to be able to get them without the bacon), I had the margarita pizza, one of the few vegetarian options, which was very greasy. My husband had the chicken fajita wrap which is served with very plain potato chips.  All of it was alright, nothing terrible and nothing fantastic.  About an hour into the movie, as we'd been told, the waiter brought our check over.  Personally I think this is silly what if someone wants to order something else?  About 10 minutes later he comes by to pick up the check which we had not taken care of yet, after all we're watching a movie. He then told me he'd be back in a few minutes to pick it up then.  Personally this was the low point of the evening.  I handed the check to my husband, he took care of it and we simply left.  I hate being rushed out when eating at a normal restaurant but now you're going to interrupt my movie to pay a check when I could order more, and also you can't flip my table I'm going to be here for another hour watching the movie.  I simply couldn't stand to deal with any of it any longer. Like I said at least it was free, we did the math and our total for the evening would have come to about $70.  Which the experience was no where near worth.  I'm old fashioned I guess, I'll stick to dinner and then a movie.
3	They just switched from a traditional theater to a "dine-In" theater. More food options are available in lobby or during movie via waiter service. Bigger more comfortable, leather chairs in Fork & Dine screens & leather recliners in suites. You will be paying more for these seats as far fewer seats in theaters. Bacon Cheeseburger and Smoked salmon BLT are nothing spectacular, average at best. Burgers not cooked below medium well
3	I had the chance to visit this theater last week as well as yesterday for free screenings of the new "dine and movie" concept. I watched 4 movies- 2 of which were cinema suites (way better) and 2 Fork and screen. Cinema suites is pretty killer. No IPIC but hey you get what you pay for. The seats reclined all the way back they are big leather comfy seats. The menu was very chain-like. I ordered Thai coconut chix tenders that came with fries and a cpl of chili-asian like dipping sauces. Thank God it was free b/c $10 bux is kinda steep. The best meals I ordered were the smoked salmon BLT and Chicken tenders. Pass on the pizza (blech). The Fork and Screen rooms are not comparable at all to the cinema suites. They had hard leather chairs that basically swiveled a little. Go for the Cinema Suites it was roomier and really comfy. Plus you get a complimentary lil cup of the daily gourmet popcorn, hot washcloth and a ghiradelli choc mint candy when you leave.
3	Sound system is good, seats comfy but the "tables" at each seat are a bit small & awkward. Also the theatre is very dark which makes it difficult to see your food & especially difficult to pay your bill.  The movie price was great (cheaper than Ipic or Farreli) and food is decent & priced fairly.  Pet peeve of mine is that AMC doesn't have root beer so I had iced tea.
4	Contrary to everyone else, we really enjoyed our free movie experience.  Super friendly grand opening staff ... almost bordering on Disney-esque enthusiasm. Hope the energy stays on!We definitely would come here again, larger seating, quieter atmosphere due to 18+ age group, and decent dining without scary airport-like pricing (entrees $8.99-12.99)...Food quality is Applebee's level, so set expectations accordingly... Chicken tenders - run of the mill normal strips, no hint of coconut but there was the odd ponzu sauce.Battered shrimp - received 7 large tender (not overcooked) shrimp, better but the ponzu sauce is corn syrup scary.  Allowed me to sub the typical fries for a small side salad (romaine).Chicken fried steak - ok, came w/ hearty portion of mashed red potatoes and snap peas.Smokey salmon sandwich - would order this again, came with chipsTriple berry stack - unmemorableChocolate brownie and ice cream - warm and delicious
3	Let's be honest, here's what you want to know first: How are the drinks?It physically pains me to report that the cocktails at Esplanade's new dinner-and-a-movie theater suck. I guess Spouse and I are spoiled from drinking in gay bars (the gays love a heavy pour) because I could barely taste any booze in the 9 margaritas I devoured. It's also entirely possible my taste buds no longer detect the presence of alcohol in anything other than 190 proof Everclear grain alcohol. It happens.I'm fairly certain the bartenders here are the same folks who used to serve the popcorn prior to the remodel. I guess since it's a movie theater I expected Tom Cruise to be slinging liquor bottles behind the bar. No, they actually use a shot glass to measure their pour. I know some queen reading this at One Lexington just gasped out loud and had to grab hold of her tomato red Hennessy sofa to keep from falling over. (Seriously, the gays love a heavy pour.) As for the rest of our theater experience, the food was better than expected. I was prepared for frozen entrees re-heated and served, but it was at least Applebees quality (check out them high standards). I ate a Chicken Quesadilla that was perfectly spiced and paired nicely with my virgin margaritas, but Spouse was less thrilled about his Lime Chicken Sandwich that he called "just ok" (I'm good with words, he's got the looks). Quick tip #1: Finger foods are the way to go; the woman next to me cutting into a wedge salad probably missed the first 20 minutes of the movie.The seats were plush and comfy with plenty of elbow room. The slightly pricier tickets are worth it alone to avoid knocking elbows with some porny stranger who gets twitchy every time Scarlett Johansson appears on screen. Quick tip #2: If you're going in a big group, have one person buy all the tickets online so you get seats together; reserved seating FTW!Spouse and I love movies so we'll be going back often. Where else are we gonna go, Christown Mall? Oh, the horror. It's just too bad we'll have to continue smuggling in the mini-bar we keep stashed in our glove box.PS: Contagion - probably not the best choice for our first dinner movie experience. I went straight to the bathroom and washed my hands for 25 minutes.
4	saw another movie & this time in the cinema suites theatre.  Wonderful experience.  the chairs recline to almost lie down & you get a free cup of chocolate covered popcorn & a wetnap.  I felt like I was flying first class :)again, I have to mention the sound system- it is really impressive.  Not so impressive was the "limited time only" calamari appetizer - I had to send it back.
5	HOLY CRAP I LOVE THIS PLACE.the chairs are awesome and the servers are great.
1	What started off to be a nice experience quickly fizzled when an hour after leaving the theatre we realized we were given the wrong credit card. We had to go back to the theatre. My husband spoke to the manger and the senior manager about the issue. They were pleasant, apologized, took down his information so if the other girl comes back with our card they will call us. They also sent him off with a bunch of coupons for free appetizers bogo entrees and a few movie passes. That would have been a very kind gesture if they didn't EXPIRE on 10/15/2011 being that today is 10/9/2011. The few movie passes don't expire for a year which is nice.  Those "might" make up for the time it takes for me to cancel my credit card, change my auto pays to a new card etc.Tip for the Esplanade: Please give your servers flashlights so they can give out the right credit card to the right customer. (On a side note: our friends that went with us were given the wrong change and had to let the server know or they would have been short-changed)We will stick with Harkins at Fashion Square.
4	This dine-in, drink-in theater was truly a wild experience. When you walk in and see a full bar in the lobby, you know it is different. As for the food, I will say the bacon, cheeseburger I had was incredible!! I also like the concept that in a lot of the theaters it is age restricted to nobody under 21 which also comes with lazy-boy reclining chairs. You also have assigned seats so it's important to either get there earlier or pay the extra $1 charge to order online so you get good seats (but how they have it spread out really makes most of the seats really good).My only hold back is that this place is not cheap! A large import beer was $7, the burger was $10, small popcorn $7 (with unlimited refills), and my ticket was $12 for a matinee on a Sunday. But this is definitely something that must be experienced.
4	My wife and I had our date night at the Esplanade for the first time since it's renovation.  I was surprised at the changes made to the place.  Gone was the old ticket booth, and the lobby/concession stand area was turned into a bar lounge type atmosphere.  Looked like a cool spot to hang out and wait for your movie if you were early, or even to it and chat, if on a date, after the movie.You can purchase your tickets at the automated machines, or buy/pick them up inside at Guest Services.  The employees were very cordial as we passed them on our way to our seats inside the theater.  We decided on the Cinema Suites, since it was 21&over.  We were impressed with the layout, and the very comfortable seats that recline.  Our server was very nice and informative.  I was surprised when she was entering our order into her pad, the other servers were bring our drinks and appetizers.  WOW!  That's faster and more impressive than a restaurant.  I had the sirloin tips and mashed potato's, and my wife had the fried shrimp with fries.  I can't comment on any mixed drinks, (another reviewer complained of watered down drinks) mainly because we had wine. All in all, it was ok.  Kinda like food at an Applebee's, or Chili's.  Nothing to go crazy about, mediocre, and over priced, but it WAS a MOVIE THEATER.  I mean, It's not a Michelin Star restaurant.  I don't care that it is in the Biltmore area.The thing that annoyed us the most were the 2 pompous couple's we sat between.  They constantly complained about something.  Mostly their refills.  The waitress explains to you, should you need something, PUSH the call button.  They never did.  They expected someone to come by.  The point of the call button is to minimize the wait staff running around disturbing patrons who are watching the movie.  This is the main reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5. They were really annoying. It's like this.......You are at a THEATER that serves food and drinks.  Not at a Fancy restaurant that shows a movie.  You're paying for the comfort and experience of being able to relax, enjoy a drink or dinner, all while watching a movie.Bottom line, Food was ok, a little over priced, so watch what or how much, you order.  If you like to drink, have a beer, wine, or straight drink, if you are so worried of getting it watered down.  The employees from beginning to end were excellent.  And the over all experience was very enjoyable and fun.  We would definitely do it again real soon.
2	Dining experience was well executed, but the quality of the food and price did not do it justice. How do you screw up chicken tenders? I've had better from fast food joints. Seating was clever and practical, just no where to hang a jacket. If you're not from the area, it can be a pain to find the entrance and parking. Didn't help the movie I was dragged to sucked, but the service was actually really good. Crappy food, cumbersome locale and parking, and overpriced.... Eat at a restaurant first, then go to a normal theatre.
4	Pretty fancy re-model, now with leather reclining seats and servers that bring the food to you instead of buying at a snack bar.
4	Just moving to Phoenix a week ago I didn't have any idea this was a dine in theater. I walked in and was asked for my ID. I was like "ummm sure" the ticket dude told me what this place was an my jaw dropped literally!We sat in the cinema suites which all the seats are lazy boy recliner chairs! You can order anything on there dinner menu plus get any type of alcoholic beverage you desire while in the movie theater...Will Definatly go back since I live right down the street but this is not the type of movie theater that I will go every time a decent movie comes out.
4	This is my go to theater since the remodel. I've never been much of a movie goer, not a huge fan of the whole crammed like sardines into a room with a bunch of strangers thing...AMC Esplanade is a game changer. I'm a snob when it comes to almost everything, and hey, now I can be snobby about going to the movies too! The food is actually quite good. A significant step up from traditional bar fare. Offering everything from hot wings to fruit salad to the wonderfully tasty Smoked Salmon BLT. The fries are hot and crispy and the service is quick and friendly.Now, let's talk liquor. When you walk in, the area that used to house popcorn, candy and soda is now a full bar! That's right, a full bar! Better wine and beer selection than I expected and you can still just get some popcorn and a Coke if you so desire. The theaters themselves are comfortable and seating is just how I like it, recliner type seating with a lot of room between you and everyone else. We ordered our tickets online prior to the showing and were able to choose our seats which is a nice touch. Go! Go now!
5	I am OBSESSED with this theater, as it is an escape from reality to curl up in reclined leather bound seats, comfort food, and drinks all while watching a new movie on the big screen. Additionally, as a brand new staff has been well trained and just as excited about the theater itself, the customer service is very welcoming and kind. If you're not on a tight budget, and love movies, drinks, and food as much as I do, this is the place for you!! :)
3	I get it. This is supposed to be really cool - eating and drinking in the theater. Sadly, it wasn't until after I'd purchased my ticket that I realized what I was getting myself into, and at the time I was just looking to see a movie - not have an "experience." I'm going to try really hard not to just be a curmudgeon about the whole thing, but there are a few flaws I'd like to see fixed before I ever go again.1) Figure out some way to make the lights next to the seats optional. I hated having a light on the entire movie. I didn't need it but there was no way to shut it off.2) Get the servers more comfortable with serving. They were a little slow and forgetful. I'm figuring it's just due to the fact that we're in a dark theater and this is a new thing.3) I know that there is a poster talking about how the whole thing works, but I didn't see it. I'm not the type to just go asking for help because I'm stubborn and want to figure most things out myself. (Grumpy Becky is voicing her opinions now, sorry.) That being said, I kinda wish it would have been easier for me to figure out on my own and through a little less trial-and-error. (I sat for about fifteen minutes waiting for service before realizing that I needed to push the service button.) I know, I'm being THAT girl.Also, let it be noted that if you're going in a group of three, be ready for the third wheel to feel even more excluded. The seats are set up perfectly for couples...and that's about it.I will probably try this place at least one more time, but I'll hope to swindle someone into buying my ticket for me.
5	This place is sweet.  It eliminates the sucky parts of going to a theater (finding a seat crammed next to a stranger, needing more popcorn during the movie) and replaces them with wait service, seat assignments, and comfy chairs!!
4	It's hard to go back to a regular theater after this! Just for an additional $2 per ticket you can enjoy Cinema Suites(over 21 only). Drinks, food, extremely comfortable and great customer service.
3	Ok, this is a "Fork & Screen" and "Cinema Suites" AMC (one of 9 in the USA).  Since it is spanking new from the remodel completed in Sep '11, it is clean and shiny.  The comfy and roomy chairs are nice but not sure why they didn't put at least 2 to 3 more inches between them.  Service was fast at first then seemed to slow down.  If you want to drink alcohol while you watch a movie (instead of going to the AA meeting that you should be at), then this is the place.  Else, there are several other movie theaters near by that are just as comfy and a bit cheaper!
4	This theatre needed the remodel, because people started to forget it was there! I went last night to see the Breaking Dawn Premier and was quite impressed.  The tickets are expensive, but you are paying to have no one under 21 in the cinema suites (the theaters with the recliners), unlimited soft drink, coffee, and tea refills.  The food comes out quick, which is good because when they turn off the lights you can't see your food unless you push it way back towards the little lights.  Don't be put off by the prices, the portion sizes are pretty ample.  another drawback is they keep all the theaters SO cold that your food gets cold :(
4	I really enjoyed my last trip to the movies now that this cinema has been revamped. Gone is the concession stand and in it's place is a full bar. There are also a few tables in the lobby where patrons can have cocktails or order an entree from the menu....yup, they serve food and adult beverages.The cinemas themselves have been revamped with wider seats and small tables in between the seats. There is waiter service to bring you food and drinks during the show along with cloth napkins and silverware. The set-up is still stadium seating and there appear to be long tables closer to the screen for larger parties as the tables further up are arranged in groups of two.Prices are less than I expected. Three beers and Parmesan fries was $20. This is not a bargain night out, but still an enjoyable outing and this experience may compel me to go the movies more often. May not be everyone's cup of tea but I for one enjoyed myself.
5	Comparable to the iPic theater in Scottsdale, but more affordable and less pretentious. My new go-to!
5	OMG.. I LOVE what you've done with this place. Saw Twilight - Breaking Dawn here (dont judge me). Service was excellent, food was excellent. Seats were comfy.. love that there is reserved seating...I dont know why you would go anywhere else?
5	Loved this place. I had my doubts because of a prior experience. Years ago I went to Farelli's Cinema Supper Club in Scottsdale and it wasn't great. Bad food, seating wasn't ideal and just not a good experience overall. But wow. As soon as I walked into the newly remodeled AMC 14 I was impressed. A full bar where the concession stand use to be and nice tables and seating filled the lobby. The vibe was much more adult and cool right from the start. My friend pre-purchased tickets for six of us. We had our own row and when I sat down in the super comfy recliner I was in heaven! Great menu selection and the drinks were good. Got a cosmo and it was very good. Not the best I've ever had but really good. I honestly didn't expect the drinks to be drinkable. Not at a movie theater but I was pleasantly surprised.  I got a Swiss mushroom cheeseburger and it was delicious. A few nice touches really made this an extra nice experience: while we waited for our drinks and food, we all got a cup of chocolate covered popcorn and when we left the theater, an employee was holding a tray of mint chocolate Ghiradelli squares. Nice touch. We had a few issues with the credit cards being charged properly and the bills mixed up but the management fixed things right away and gave re-admit passes without question. Nice service. This may not be for everyone if you just want your run of the mill popcorn, soda and movie but it's a fun treat to go here. I highly recommend it and will go back for sure!
5	Ok so lets start this off the right way by saying I was there for the Twilight Breaking Dawn Premier ... you think lot of teen girls screaming there heads off to see the film.  Nope ... 18+ for the whole theater when I walked in and had a seat in one of the lobby chairs I was properly greeted and offered a drink.  Wow that is great! I could even get a ADULT beverage ;) I like.  So I showed up about an hour early just not knowing what to expect and was informed by a greeter that we could go into the theater about thirty minutes early.  We get in the theater and where greeted with a smile by our waitress who took all are information and order and got us drinks with unlimited refills, get that large popcorn get unlimited free refills.  This is great now sure the tickets cost about $10.00 a person, Drinks are about 3.59 But unlimited refills.  Overall I had a great experience and look forward to being back again soon :)
2	Ever see or hear of the movie '50/50'? Well, I would've loved to have seen that movie at the AMC Esplanade 14 Fork & Screen "experience" because that was the "experience" I had there: 50% good and 50% terrible.It all started good - that's the 50%. The waiter Scotty was awesome upfront, the price of the ticket affordable and the food was very good - I had the classic Chicken quesadilla, Parmesan fries and a "supposedly" free-refillable Cherry Coke. The screen and sound were good and so was the idea of having someone come when you needed them by a press of a service button. I'll tell you the truth: I rarely go to the movies these days and it's mostly because of the inconsiderate jerks who use their cell phones, held up as high and bright as possible, to text. Granted, I was literally the only other one in the theatre this time, but I was very prepared to press the button and get anyone kicked out who attempted to ruin yet another good time with their selfish texting.Ok...and here's the 50% bad part: the plastic/barely rocking chairs were uncomfortable after awhile. I ran out of my soda 30 minutes into the showing and I pressed the button. Scotty had not returned. I thought maybe it was broken, so after 10 minutes, I turned it off and on again. Still no Scotty. Finally 30 minutes later he came back with the bill and sternly told me to turn off the button as if it was bothering him the whole time. Uh...#1 it wouldn't be bothering you if you came within, say those first 10 minutes and #2 isn't this the perk of being at this theatre?In addition, he didn't give me a pen to sign the receipt. I wasn't about to use the useless button again, so I just left the merchant copy. Only, I thought it appropriate to tip my waiter and I was going to add it using my card on the little "tip line." Finally, I just put a few dollars I had on me in with the bill. Obviously, he didn't come back to get the receipt, so when I left the theatre when the movie was over, I looked for him. He was gone, wherever. In this economy and for someone working for AMC, you'd think he'd want a couple extra bucks for his efforts. (I say the "working for AMC" part, because I have worked for the company and I know all about minimum wages and abuse from management.)So, I took back the tip money, handed the receipt to the bartender and left disappointed. Heck, they didn't even let me keep the plastic Coke cup nor did they honor the menu they publish online: I really wanted the Sicilian Pizzinis but they didn't have it on their hard-copy menu and Scotty know nothing of a "Pizzinis." Since the "service" button is irrelevant and since I can just as easily eat popcorn or eat at a restaurant before/after, I doubt I'll be driving half-way across the city to come back here any time soon.
5	I don't care how much it costs. I'll never see another movie in anything other than their cinema suites again. Ever.I love their leather recliners! They are just as comfortable as the one at your grandparents house. Plus, you get beer delivered to you at the touch of a button and prices are surprisingly reasonable (4 for a pint of domestic, 5 for imports). Plus, you get a sample of specialty popcorn, a warm towel, and a Ghirardelli chocolate on your way out. It can get crowded in the evenings, so you might want to consider purchasing your tickets ahead of time.Don't go expecting AMC to serve you a gourmet meal unless you think Applebee's is a real treat.
3	the first time i was there service as great, but as the second and third time came the service and staff was poor, the manager and staff just stood there joking and messing around with no intention of asking us if we need any help. The waiter was great food is good but lobby customer service is not all that great younger spike hair manager is kinda rude too.
4	Super comfy chairs.. relaxing... and a good time to get away and just relax. The new bar is always a plus.. and our waiter Phillip was pretty awesome as well. The only down side to our adventure? We sat in the top row and if you put your chair back at all the little wall in front of you cuts off about half of the screen... design flaw much? Other than that.. pretty great.. can't wait for another movie!
4	I've been coming to this theater for a very long time, and the renovations are really impressive. The ticket booth is gone, and instead they have you buy the tickets inside at a machine or the Guest Services (or online). There's a full bar and lounge in the entrance, which was perfect for waiting for our friends to arrive. We couldn't get our tickets right away though, since we wanted to sit with our friends, and the theater does assigned seating. Once we were all together, we were easily able to pay separately but get seats together (on a weekday afternoon).I saw Young Adult in the Cinema Suites (21+ over), so I can't comment on the regular dine-in theaters, but the cinema suites are really comfortable. They're paired in two's. I did notice, however, that when fully reclined, I was missing part of the bottom of the movie (blocked by a little wall that is behind each row), which might be because I'm short. The waitress we had was really friendly and nice. I asked her about turning off the light in between the seats, and she suggested putting the black napkin that comes with the silverware over it, which was brilliant and got rid of most of its annoying glare. We tried the brownie sundae, which was good (hard to get that one wrong). It came out really fast. They brought the check about an hour into the movie, which I think is a bit odd since the movie still had a bit to go.Overall, I like the changes to the theater, but I'm glad I got to spend my high school years going here without all the fuss and restrictions.
5	My wife and went to the show last night at AMC Esplanade 14. This was our 1s visit since the remodel. Wow, what an experience! You can select the Fork & Screen theater, or the suites. We saw a movie in the Fork & Screen theater, but the suite is where its at. Fully reclining leather chairs, and full service bar and food through out the movie. I've also been to iPic, and I think AMC has outdone them here with a better price and service! iPic only offers service for the 1st 15 minutes of the show, whereas AMC offers service for the most of the movie. Also worthy of noting is that the Suite theater's are 21 and over. Check it out - you won't regret it!
5	My wife and I heard about this new cinemasuites thing at a christmas party. So we decided to go check it out. It was totally worth the drive to get there. All guests at the cinemasuites have to be over 21yrs old. The seats are all leather lazy boys with electronic recliners. You have a button to push for service, and there are drink menus and food. Its like being first class on an airplane only better! Movies before Noon are 9$ and movies after noon are 12$. Not too bad for such an experience!!
5	I took my wife there to see we bought a zoo, the movie was great and this place unbelievable. it was the best movie going experience i have ever had. they bring your drinks and food to you and you get to pick your seats before you go in there and it is on a really nice neighborhood too. i totally suggest this place to everyone.
5	I've been there a few times since they reopened, but I wasn't impressed. That was until I saw a movie in their new Cinema Suites. This is it. They got it right! There's a premium but it's worth it
5	Why can't they bring something like this to Tucson!!! Their service is off the charts! Unbelievable! I'd pay these prices for this service any day.
5	Wow! I love the new remodel. It is so nice and clean. I am really surprised with the attention to detail. Of course, you are still watching a movie at a movie theater, but the food was good - fairly priced and they have a bar? Who knew...
5	The new Esplanade provides a nice afternoon or evening out. The price for the regular movies is comparable to 3D movies and much more worth it.  The seats (especially the ones in Cinema Suites, which fully recline!) are comfortable. The wait staff is very friendly and attentive. The refreshments are good, and food and drink prices are not inflated and more reasonable that those at the sports stadiums. An imported beer and unlimited popcorn is $13, not more than most theaters' large combos.  Parking is validated. If you are the ultimate movie fanatic, are not picky about atmosphere, and can go to movies at 10 in the morning, you can find a better deal elsewhere. But if you are a regular Joe, you will enjoy an occasional movie at the Esplanade.
5	Wow, did we enjoy this theater! I live only a few minutes away, and we hadn't been back since they renovated. We are so happy to see someone investing money into the Esplanade, because inept management of the complex has caused some merchants to leave or go out of business (really grungy, scary garage and elevators bothers a lot of people). But now, with AMC updated like this, there could be a resurgence coming to the Esplanade area! It is the most unique theater experience you can find anywhere. We've been to UltraStar and others who serve food and drink and this is far better. They really pulled it off.The "fork and screen" theaters are less expensive and they are just like a traditional show with a somewhat nicer leather seat and a tray with a call button for service. The wait staff is friendly and outgoing (thanks Brittany!). But we enjoyed the "CinemaSuites" section of the theater so much more than the "Fork and Screen" side. In the CinemaSuites section, there are huge screens combined with exotic, electric retractable lounge chairs and dining trays that swing in and out of position. I was literally as comfortable as I would be on my own couch (more so!!) and the service was great. I had a White Chocolate Expresso Blender to drink and a delicious bacon cheeseburger. They brought us a little popcorn snack with chocolate in it that was not ordered, nor charged, and it was delicious. The theater itself has state of the art sound and as I said, a great big screen. It was expensive ($12) but I think very much worth it. There aren't that many seats in the theater because of the amount of room they give you around each seat -- it's really super luxe. Comparing this with an airline, the seats and service are like first class here compared to the tourist/economy seating of a standard show seat like a Harkins. We get it, AMC -- we see what all the fuss is about. This is the way to see movies. The only-average movie we went to see ("The Iron Lady") was made so much better by the comfort and care they gave us. Highly recommended.The only negatives we had is the continued dirty, grungy appearance of the parking area and the elevator. I agree with another poster that there's too much "Security" presence, but they never bothered us or made us uncomfortable.
5	After having tried iPic theater in Scottsdale, this was like going from a Motel 6 to the Four Seasons. WELL worth the expense. We were on the side that served alcohol, not the "Fork and Screen" theater.We started off early getting there before 3pm for a 3:50 showing. Waited in line longer than I would have cared for due to a woman in front of me who had to have the staff person read every summary of every movie showing. To that woman: have some courtesy for others and read it online for yourself or on that cool iPhone you kept looking it. So I found I really waited in line for nothing since if you purchased your tickets online, you could pick them up at the kiosks along the wall. Might have been nice to have a sign conveniently so I (and the others who heard this) wouldn't have had to wait.I got a draft beer and it was served in an iced glass. Nice. I really didn't expect a theater "bar" to pay that much attention to detail especially after iPic. We were supposed to be able to get our seats at 3pm but when we went in, someone was still cleaning and asked if we could wait. Not a big deal. We were in by 3:10.Seats. Amazingly comfortable and didn't have a bar going along the back as they did in iPic. Comfortable throughout the whole movie. Our server was prompt and got us drinks right away as well as an appetizer order. That reminds me...the menu. The menu was great with far more to choose from than the 3 items or so I was given a choice of at iPic. There were server call buttons on each chair unlike the "wave them down if you see them" method of iPic. I used it once to order dinner and again, the server was prompt. Food. Food was hot and very good. Nothing to complain about at all. I had the Chicken Alfredo and my wife had the Mac n Cheese. Both were fantastic and the portions were large. They even ended the movie with a lemon-scented hot towel! Attention to detail is how you do it and they are doing it great. I purchased a loyalty card since I will be back. iPic? iPic who?
3	I like this place. The food is not that great though. I kind of feel like it's pre-made and then heated up for each person. What I like: Nice fancy atmosphere Comfortable chairs Helpful service Plenty of Staff You can drink in the movie What I don't like.. The food.. Don't order the quesadilla, mac and cheese or chicken tenders... The burger is OK... I love going to this theater and I will keep going, but I don't know if I will order food again, unless I'm starving. The theater would be exceptional if the food was more tasty. I also feel like movies are better when  you go there because you don't have to worry about anything. There is plenty of space in your big comfy chair, the wait staff is at the push of a button and you can always get a good seat. They even ran back to get kid sized 3D glasses. I have seen 3 movies here so far and am making plans for girl's night to see more in the future, but like I said, I will most likely only order popcorn and maybe dessert to eat.
5	I thought this would be expensive, and waiters going in and out annoying. This place was AMAZING! The seats were so comfortable, and the way the theater is laid out you don't even notice the waiters. the food and drinks are normal price compared to a restaurant, and not overpriced like I thought it would be (like a normal theater for popcorn/drinks/candy, etc). The bar in the lobby is awesome, and the staff is friendly. We had a problem with our tickets, they split us up (you mainly order ahead of time and get reserved seating). they helped us and got us exactly what we wanted. I cant wait to go back!
3	After hearing about it for a while, we were very excited to try this theater for their food, drinks and movie. We made reservations online and got perfect seats which is a big plus. Front row=I don't go. It's awesome to be able to sit down and order food when you're cutting it close on time for a movie. I was a little disappointed by the menu - it reminded me of a bar menu and nothing really jumped out at me. The waitress took my order before the previews - a chicken wrap and popcorn. The chicken wrap came about 15 minutes later and was decent. The popcorn took 45 MINUTES. When we inquired about the popcorn, we were scolded with "it's not my department" from the waitress. By the time it came we were over it, so the $7/free refill deal is a joke considering the service is so slow. Garage parking is free with validation.I would go again just because the seating is so comfortable, but I would rather eat before!
1	Was served two flat beers, the pizza for my two year old came out cold, along with cold stiff fries.  The salads were fine, the shrimp I served was good.  The service they do have down, the wait staff was gracious and did the best they could.  The back kitchen needs SERIOUS work... SERIOUS work.  I will wait for a long time before I go back again.
4	This definitely makes for a fun date night!I've been here twice now since it reopened as a dine-in theatre and have enjoyed each experience, although customer service was much better the second time around.Both times we've gone, our movies have only been in the Fork & Screen theatres - looking forward to trying the next level up. The last time I was there, we weren't able to make reservations online since we were paying with gift cards. So we got there early, enjoyed a drink around the corner at my fave bar - Merc. And then arrived 10 mins before previews started to order our dinner. It worked out perfectly. I ordered their brisket sandwich concoction - it's not even on the menu yet - and I was quite pleased with it. And my pomegranate martini was delish - a little on the sweet side - but that's what I prefer!The previous time we went, we split their queso blanco dip w/chips and thai coconut chicken skewers. The chicken skewers were pretty good, but the queso dip was horrible. Tasted like your typical concession stand nacho cheese. So i would stay away from that.All in all, I'm a fan and will be back soon!
5	Awesome. The place is well kept and I can't wait to go their again. The prices are good and the service is excellent! Highly recommend!
4	Love this place!  We've done both theaters and although both are nice, the seats in the Cinema Suites can't be beat.  The drinks are tasty and the food is pretty good as well.  The only downside is that because seats are reserved, this is not a good last minute option.  We considered going yesterday but after looking online and realizing there were only 5 seats left and none of them were together, we rescheduled for today.  Make sure you take your garage ticket in with you to get it validated.
5	My all time favorite thing to do lately... make sure you go to a movie in the cinema suites where there are leather lazy -boy recliners, full food and beverage service, and you can call the waiter with the push of a button. I have been here probably 15 times and always had a great experience!
3	It's not a local theater it's a national chain.  I prefer to support my local Harkins.  I do like the new food options and actually the prices are not bad.  If you go here see the movie in the over 21 theaters they serve alcohol and the seats are a little more comfortable.
5	Love these movie theaters with the lay down seats and service while you watch a movie! Saw The Decendants, great movie great theater!
1	Not worth it.  First, we went to a 4pm matinee and it cost $24 ... that is $10 more than seeing a matinee at our usual theater.  Then we ordered some of their Italiano (sausage and pepperoni) pizza.  It tasted like bad frozen pizza and it was $10 per pizza.  The ice tea was $4.50 for unlimited refills, but it didn't taste good and we couldn't even get the server to bring us a glass of ice (since they put hardly any ice in it).  The popcorn was $7.75 with unlimited refills, but I was the only one eating popcorn and didn't need refills.  My usual theater gives me free popcorn if I spend $20 yearly for a t-shirt and $1 drink refills on their souvenir cup.  Our total tab was around $64 including tip.  Thought it was just too much for bad food.  Seats are okay, but I find them uncomfortable since I don't like to lean.  They aren't really any more spacious than a regular theater since you have the moveable tray.   I think I enjoy eating at a restaurant and then seeing a movie; I would spend some time talking to my spouse when I go out.
5	Wow! This theatre has redefined a night out at the movies. They've taken everything we dislike about most movie theatres and replaced it with a new way to cater to America's favorite obsession. Here are some examples (but you've gotta experience this for yourself to fully appreciate it):Typical theatre: Get to the movie early so you can beat the crowds and find a good seat. Esplanade 14: Choose your seat beforehand (all seats same price)Typical theatre: stand in line at the concession stand and give up a better seat or part of your movie and expect major price gouging. Esplanade 14: pay reasonably priced concessions from the comfort of your seat with the help of a server (included). Typical theatre: small, dirty/sticky, cloth seats with little leg roomEsplanade 14: big plush leather seats with a fold out table with so much leg room you should never touch the seat in front of you. And they were thinking large Americans here- No problems for the 300+ pounders. They won't be spilling over into the seat next to them.  These seats rock!...literally Typical theatre: various popcorn sizes and drink sizes all rediculously priced. Esplanade 14: one popcorn size 7.50 (free refills and large enough to feed anyone), one drink size (large with free refills). Not a rip off either. Typical theatre: $10-$11Esplanade 14: $13 and probably should cost more. Only one negative thing to say:I don't like the extra butter for my popcorn on the side in a small plastic cup. I don't know how to put it on like the specially trained concessions staff and it's difficult in the dark. The theatre should complete the preparation of the popcorn before it reaches your seat.
4	Brisket quesadilla very tasty.  Salsa not bad. Considering that it's movie/restaurant the food is surprisingly good.
4	Great atmosphere and customer service. The bartenders are awesome and made my husband and I few really good cocktails while we waited to go in the theater. However, the food is pretty mediocre. Overall, I had a pleasant experience and would return.
5	I could not be more obsessed with the Cinema Suites option at this theater. Plush, comfy leather chairs that completely recline and are reserved in advance so there is no hassle. A mini bowl of complimentary popcorn. Great service. A little chocolate when you leave. It is the absolute best! I wish I could go everyday. And I'm not even a movie person...
5	Best way to watch a movie! Food and drinks were fairly priced and so yummy. Seats were super comfortable. I will defiantly be going back again and again.
5	Since they made these theatres "AMC Dine-In" theatres, it's my favorite place in the Phoenix area to see a movie. It's nice, upscale and you pick your own seats.The stadium theatres are the way to go. They're large, with huge, motorized reclining seats and walls in front of you and behind you. You can't see anyone behind you or in front of you, and you can't really see or hear anyone in your row, save for the person/people next to you. You get a dedicated server who will bring you anything from a soda to movie candy to spinach dip. There is also a full bar, so that's a plus. I haven't had a full meal there, but I've had a dessert (which was good), and service is attentive while being surprisingly unobtrusive. The smaller theatres are still good, just not as secluded. I absolutely hate hearing people talk during movies, and I don't like children in the theatre, so the larger spaces are my favorite, since you can't really see/hear anyone and you have to be 21+ to see a movie in the stadium areas. It's not as swanky as iPic, which feels like a nightclub in Vegas, but it's much cheaper ($12 per ticket for smaller theatres, $15 for stadium), and you get the wait staff here as well.Totally recommend, I know I'll be back soon.
4	This place is great! When my friend I went here, it was my first experience with a dine-in theatre. Our server was so friendly and prompt.I expected bland cafeteria food. I was worried it would taste like it came out of a TV dinner cardboard box but their food is seriously not bad!I had mac and cheese and was very happy with my choice.Only downside, I could barely see my dinner or the menu. Luckily, I am not a messy eater!
3	I know there are a lot of other great reviews on here about this theater and I agree that the dinner theater experience is fantastic. They give free refills on soda and popcorn (although they are awfully slow at it as others have pointed out), and it was wonderful to reserve seats ahead of time. However, the leather chairs were awful! We went twice while I was home and my mom and I both felt the same. The first time we thought it was just because we sat in one of the lower rows, but the 2nd time going (just to give it another chance) was the same. They are not cozy, very stiff, and the lumbar section actually hurt my lower back. Additionally, maybe because I am shorter person (5'3"), I could not put my feet on the ground so my legs were dangling unless I sat Indian-style (criss-cross applesauce for you PC people out there). For me, it is now a search to find a similar type theater with more comfy seats!
5	Second time going here and this time my friends and I accidentally ended up paying for the prime experience with the ability to do a full recline, not seeing the people in front of us because we were on sort of a private row (went to a 3 pm showing and tickets were $12 a piece). We hoped to get there in time for a beer at the bar but ended up needed to go right to the theater but fairly quickly got service and ordered drinks (I had a local San-Tan IPA which was great), along with a veggie platter and an order of hot wings. I find the wings to be great though we were not provided with an extra plate on which to put the detritus of wing eating, the gnawed upon bones but oh well...I was so delighted to find I could make my seat do a full layout that I didn't care and the sound and video quality in the theater house was excellent.As others have mentioned, I love the reserved seating aspect and I'll be certain to come back. Oh, and when you come out they have a group employees greeting you and thanking you for coming and they have a tray of chocolate mints you can take advantage of as you walk out of the theater house, nice touch!
5	Boy oh boy do I like this theater... I must since I've probably dropped over $100 here in the past month between the 25 minute drive, the ticket price, and food; but I've got to say it's worth every penny!  In the past month, the Hubs and I have frequented the AMC Fork and Screen twice and have had the best experiences.  By combining two of my favorite activities, food and movies, AMC has made me one happy girl.  Ever since Farrelli's closed, we've been craving a similar experience.  Now with SMG and Fork and Screen we are set!The service at this theater is great.  I love the fact you press one button and can get anything you want.  The food selection is good - chili's quality, but perfect for the movie and dining experience.  I've liked most everything I've eaten with the exception of the chicken fingers, which really tasted by McDonald's mcnuggets (which I usually like, but wasn't expecting here).  The tacos and pizza were great and overall, can't beat the prices.  The soda price is a little high, but that's ok you can get refills during the movie.  The seats/ atmosphere are awesome and everything is clean and new.I can say without a doubt we'll be back... you can pick your seats in advance and have a no-hassle dinner/movie experience... what more could you want!
4	As a movie theater, 5-stars. The service is excellent (in Cinema Suites, in Fork & Screen not really). The seats are amazing in Cinema Suites. I also LOVE the assigned seating aspect.The food is ok... sweets and milkshakes and candy stuff is much better than normal food. The chicken fingers I had, or wings or whatever, were kinda gross.I also love the "age limit" of the theater. If your under 18, you HAVE to be accompanied by an adult. Makes for a much quieter and enjoyable experience.I also love that there is a FULL bar up front. Beer and a movie - can't pass it up.
5	The new Fork and Screen is awesome! Being able to lounge at the full bar out front and then go in and have dinner...well, it doesn't get better than that! Keep it classy, not trashy, NCM...and they did an awesome job making this my newest obsession!
5	This is the only place I go to watch movies now.... They have a full bar, the food menu is extensive for a movie theater. Drinks are pretty good and you even get a glow stick in some of the specialty cocktails. Servers have always been helpful without being pushy. Appetizer sampler is a good starter... Don't forget you can also get candy and popcorn like a regular movie concession. BTW the order of regular popcorn is HUGE-GANTIC!!! Parmesan Fries are also good and the portion is huge! Don't forget the full bar!! You can meet up before the movies and get a little toasted! HahahaTry to get a theater that has the touch button recliners. They are so comfortable... It makes it feel like you're watching a movie in bed. Don't forget to validate your parking.
4	A good concept to keep what was a dyeing movie theater alive.  The big comfortable reserved seats and no one under 18 without supervision policy make for a nicer viewing experience.  You can see movies in a suite cinema for $3 more, the only point I see in spending more money for a nicer seat is knowing you're in a theater where everyone is over 21.  Not worth it to me.  The full bar in the spot that used to be a concession stand is a nice touch.The food is reasonably priced, but not all that good.  The burger I had was probably on par with something from a cliche american chain restaurant.  Decent, but nothing special.  You can get much better food across the street for similar prices.  I also found it a little difficult to eat my meal.  The big reclining leather seats are nice for movie viewing, but I did not enjoy leaning forward to take a bite and not worry about spilling all over myself.The staff did a nice job of trying to stay transparent during the movie.  You have to press the button for service, but the waiter did quietly ask if I needed anything else when he bused away my empty tray, and dropped off the check.  And to make things better, when the credits started rolling he advised audience members who were getting up to leave to stay until the end because there was a stinger.  The heads up was much appreciated.I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to give this theater a try.  But if you live in the Biltmore or Arcadia areas, this is probably your best option.
3	We've been here at least a half dozen times now since they have revamped the AMC Esplanade.  The seats are great and movies are movies but the service in the cinemas is not all that great.  The first couple of times they brought the food and beverages fast.  The time before last I had to show the server how to open a bottle of wine, which he spilled on me and tonight we were brought the wrong appetizer and then had to wait at least 30 minutes to get the correct one. Our server knew that we also wanted to order something for dinner but he never came back.  We were never asked if we wanted another beverage and we only saw our server when he brought the bill at the end of the movie.  Yes, I am aware  that you can push the button for service which we ended up doing to order another beverage.  By that time, we had decided to go out to dinner after the movie.  Maybe it's been the luck of the draw and the past couple times we haven't gotten great servers, i don't know.  The food has always been good.I do need to add that the lack of experience has been when we were in the Fork & Screen theater, not the Cinema Suites.Still, a good place  to watch a movie and dine at the same time.  Just go with the understanding that the service is not what you will receive in a restaurant.  It is nice to sit in the lounge either before or after the movie and service there was just fine.
5	They have Cinemasuites AND Fork and Screen. I was so skeptical the first time someone told me a dinner theater could actually be a pleasant experience, since usually you go and it's noisy and the food isn't as good as it could be elsewhere, and movie theater food is always suspicious anyways. But AMC actually trained their employees to serve food during a movie without being intrusive, and I've seen three or four movies with dinner and drinks now and had a great time every time. The food is actually good! Regular movie tickets cost enough anyway you might as well make a night of it and have dinner and drinks all at the same place. Speaking of drinks, they don't skimp on the booze either.
4	Chicken fajita wrap was a nice lighter side item to eat tonight.  I left the salsa alone, as it reminded me of salsa that I ate in Minnesota, catsup with a difference.  This theater makes movies better.
3	Overall the experience was a mixed bag, though leaning more on the positive side. FWIW, AMC Esplanade has two styles of seating, both which serve food during the movie: cinema suites and fork and screen. Cinema Suites has a higher price and offers better seating and space. I've been to iPic also and let me tell you the differences:Positives:-Price: Huge price difference, almost 1/2 as a cheap as iPic-Stadium Seating: In the cinema suites, you can't see the people in the rows in front of you or in back of you. iPic theaters don't have this.-Must be over 21: Everyone who attends a movie in the cinema suites must be over 21 (Fork and Screen is 18). At iPic the only age option they have is 18 and can bring kids.-Food Service Throughout the Movie: Can order food / drinks from the 20 minutes before the movie to the end of the movie. At iPic it's only in the first 20 minutes.-On Call Service: Each seat in cinema suites has a button that you can call for waiter / waitress service. At iPic have to wait till your waiter or waitress is in the theatre.Negatives:-Wall Height: As mentioned already, in cinema suites there is stadium seating with huge walls between each row so you can't see the people in front or behind you. However the walls are so high that they come dangerously close to blocking the bottom of the screen when you're sitting upright. I couldn't recline in my chair because it made me go lower and made the bottom of the screen get cut off. I was in the back and I tried moving down a couple of rows and got the same effect. This was a major draw back and probably knocks a full star off my review. They need to fix this. At iPic no visibility issues.-Food: I've only ordered the pizza there and it was very average. Everything I've had at iPic has been solid. Also, wouldn't grab me a redbull from the bar, at iPic they did (though aside from that the service was good and also good at iPic). Also, iPic gives you a free bag of popcorn, AMC does not.-Quality: The overall quality of everything, from the seating materials, ambiance, design, etc is much much nicer at iPic. iPic takes it to another level (and it probably reflects in the very high price). AMC looks like an average movie theater with better seating.-Food Service Throughout the Movie: I listed this as a positive because on the day I went I had the whole row to myself. However, on a Friday night when the movie is packed, I could see this being a distraction. It does help that they do have the rows separated in cinema suites. Also, the servers are iPic are usually hot chicks, where at Esplanade the times I've been there it's been two dudes.In a nut shell iPic is much much nicer but at a much steeper price. AMC is acceptable though.
4	This is the closest theater to my house - and I am digging matinee pricing. I work second shift, so the lunchtime showing of movie plus lunch at the same time makes weekday movies a possibility for me.Is the food fantastic?  Not really. But it's predictable and tasty - the servers I have dealt with are all friendly and well trained not to impede with the movie.Glad it's here - and as long as the quality and cleanliness keeps up, I'll be a regular!
4	This was the best theater I have been to in the Valley that serves food & drinks in the movie. Great lobby, statium seating, clean and friendly service. I'll be back!
5	A Nice Change. Unique Experience. Food & Movie Experience Simultaneously. I sat in Fork & Screen for the matinee (only $6 per person). Other people said they had bad customer service in fork & screen, but I received awesome customer service. I got there before the movie started and placed my order during the previews. My food came out quick and Diner quality (tasty, but probably not awesome quality). Quick Note Regarding Parking: Park behind the movie theatre, by where it says AMC & Shops. The movie theatre will validate your parking for 4 hours of FREE parking. If you are a shopper....You can walk the underground path to the Biltmore mall afterwards for some quick shopping.
2	I want to love this place so bad, but it won't let me. There is some good, but a little more bad. I am honestly surprised at the number of 5 stars. I have been to the Esplanade probably around 6 times, and this is what I have observed....-The ticketing staff is always patient, helpful, and friendly- The bar- ugh. My partner and I have officially given up on the bar. They always seemed understaffed and grumpy. Maybe AMC should have service bartenders that only work the service well? I have had the same bartender the last few times there (can't remember name but her favorite movie is "A Walk to Remember", and she does not smile at all and is not the tiniest bit friendly. While there on Sunday, we had one round and she dropped off the ticket. I had my card sitting on it for 15 mins. (Really, 15, because we were contemplating if we had enough time to go somewhere else before the movie.) Three bartenders walked by repeatedly, not one taking my card. We tried to get eye attention but were avoided. We had to stand up and shuffle around to get the attention of one bartender who had passed us the most. In previous visits, the service was always slow, and typically unfriendly.-Servers- hit or miss, but a lot of misses. In one incident my partner ordered a beer on draft. The server said okay.  Between 15-20 mins later a different server approached us and said they didn't have that particular beer.  Welp, that would've been nice to know. A different beer was ordered. Another 20 mins passed before we got that beer, by that time we were over it and sent it back. That seems pretty typical. Drinks take as long as food. Refills can be difficult to come by. I often see servers running food to the wrong people. Last time, we saw our order whiz past us and then back out the theater. We tried flagging the server down, but it was too late. I certainly wasn't going to chase after her. It took another 3 or 4 mins to get our food. On the bright side, the servers are at least all friendly. (Especially compared to the miserable bartenders)-The atmosphere is fun, the location is ideal, and it's very clean. The theaters are spacious and comfy. AMC has a great concept here, but they definitely have a long way to go! I am not sure if I will give this place another chance or not. Maybe just a matinee where all we want is sodas?
3	So I came here yesterday to see snow white and the huntsmen, everything went good as always, except they are cutting back, for example they no longer sell gourmet popcorn, so no more free sample of the day, no more hot towel to wipe your hands, and no more mint ghiradeli chocolate at the exit. the special touch this theater had is gone. Might as well be a regular theater with nice seats
2	I wasn't very impressed with it at all. All the renovations are nice, and it was nice to be able to sit and have a beer while I watched the movie but everything else sucked. The service sucked. The food sucked.The as to the service, they take your order on a little ipad sort of thing, each person is assigned a seat number...I don't believe they actually record the seat down as the waitress continually brought everything to me. other peoples food and drinks...and checks! Ugh. ALSO she brought my 15 year old cousin a BEER! WTF! We all received our food at the same time, except for my husband...he had ordered a burger and for some reason it took a good 15 minutes to arrive. Drink service was quick. The food itself was sub-par. I got chicken tenders. They did not have the taste or texture of chicken. they were really weird. I would say save your money and don't order dinner here. We will be back, but will only do drinks and light snacks.
2	I think the concept of AMC Esplanade 14 is great and the remodel is definitely looking nice but honestly,  the last thing I want while i'm sharing a room with far too many strangers is the smell of someones Smokehouse Beef and Cheddar lingering from behind me for two hours. Can't we enjoy movies with a drink, Red Vines, and popcorn anymore? Why do you need a New York Strip while you watch Prometheus?  I just don't get it. 3D movie plus a huge meal= vomit. Just saying.Plus, who wants someone (servers) walking back and forth, back and forth, yada yada.. while you are trying to watch a movie? They do a great job of being quiet, courteous, etc.. but over all the service is just ok. We told our server before we ordered that my boyfriend and I were on a separate check from a friend and he still only brought us one check. Super annoying. I say, if you are going to have a menu keep it small. They have tons of drink options that seem like they would be great but again, I doubt I'll down a margarita in a movie theatre. I promise I'm not boring. Hell, maybe I am. I'm sure many people will rave about this and go on and on about how great it is to ring your server 5 times during a movie for more food... god. But this just isn't for me. I'll go and I'll bring my own Milk Duds and Red Vines. Don't tattle.
5	I enjoy going to the Esplanade for the whole movie experience they offer. The food was pretty good, especially the parmesan fries and fried shrimp. I've been to movies in both the Fork and Screen and the Suites, and found seating in both to be very comfortable.
4	One of the things that frustrates me when I want a night out is that the movie I want to see is never playing at the right time to eat dinner out too. You either have to eat dinner way too early to finish in time and make the show or eat after the show but by then it is midnight. lol    So how to solve the issue, go to a dine in theater. I am mad I did not think of this idea myself. Haha! I had heard a lot about this concept this year but had not had the chance to go to one yet. I finally indulged this past Saturday. I had not been to this location since they remodeled so did not know what to expect except the things I had heard, which were all wonderful.   The concept is a bit different from a regular movie. You purchase your seats with a certain seat number ahead of time, kind of like a play or concert. You can choose between the Dine In Theater or the Lounge. The lounge is three dollars extra and has reclining seats. They advertise the lounge as having " A more adult like feel! "  Ok, don't ask me what that means-hahaha! but My friends say it is great.    When I first walked in I noticed the nice lobby lounge chairs and bar. You can order drinks and food outside like in the old days-;0) that's ok too but the great thing here is that your theater chair is actually like a table at a restaurant. No more long lines at the popcorn counter, wow! (People who are late a lot will love it here! Ya hear that certain friends of mine?-lol- You all can run to your seat, get food delivered, and Wah-La the movie starts. brawhahah- sorry I digress) They give you full service right at your seat and even extend it during the movie. There is a button to call the waitress over when you need something but to be honest I never needed to punch the buttons. The servers were all over us the minute we sat down and the minute we needed anything. Actually, the service here was outstanding which prompted me to write a review! I thought it would be a bit distracting but it really was not.   The food was OK not bad but not OMG I am going to die either. The menu was a lot more innovative then I thought it would be so I would go back to try some other things.I just ordered the bread and pretzel basket with red sauce and spicy cheese dip. It was good but how do you go wrong with that? My friend had a burger that she said was good. The Parm fries were tasty.  The thing I liked best is getting refills given to me at my seat. Yahoooo! The simplest things are the smallest blessings.   OK, have to write the negative. You pay for the convenience. The place is very expensive so bring your wallet. The cheapest movie is 12 bucks and the lounge is 15 and the food is over priced. Wow! Shocking you say. Food overpriced at the movies? I am so surprised! But in this case it is really over priced. Well, like I said before you pay for the convenience, I suppose. Sadly, I won't be able to go here all the time but a nice treat every now and again. I suppose when you factor in gas and travel time between a restaurant and a movie house it might be similar.  Check it out. Definitely worth at least a one time visit to see what you think.
3	As far as movies go, this is one of my favorite theaters in the area! You can always find good deals (ie, buy one get one) and regular movie tickets are very reasonably-priced. The seating is luxurious and extremely comfortable. They keep it very clean and neat. While the food is alright, the prices are way too steep for what they offer. Beers are reasonable and the service the three times I've been has been really friendly inside the theater. The bar, however, is a different story. While never totally full, it takes a very long time to be served. Your best bet is just to order something inside the movie!
2	$8 for popcorn.  That is not right.  Seriously I can't order a smaller size.  I would rather go to a regular theater and not be bothered by the inattentive server, the people eating noisily with fork and knife around me, and the light that is so bright next to my side that it is distracting.  Blah!!  I think I am most upset about the popcorn.  The food is average  and over priced and the whole serving people with in a movie is really not a great idea.    I like many other Americans appreciate value and good deals.  The amc esplanade offers neither when it comes to food at least.  If you are going to pay $9 for some potato skins at least make them really good.   They were actually ok but the whole experience leaves a sour taste.
4	Brew and View!!!!! Such an awesome concept. There is not much better on a hot summer's day than an ice cold movie theatre and a frosty beer. Now that the Esplanade has both you can be sure to find me here on a weekly basis. I got a 23oz stella for $7 bucks so I was quite impressed that they did not jack up the prices. They also sell all sorts of burgers, sandwiches, wraps ect.. I haven't actually tried the food so updates to follow.Insider Tip - Theatres 1-5 are the ones with the reclining chairs, the rest only rock... But rocking with a frosty beverage is A-OK. Bring a sweater, it gets really cold inside!
5	My boyfriend and I decided to check out this dine and view theater last weekend for the debut of TED. This AMC was remodeled into a dine and drink type of theater. They have certain theaters that are called "Fork and Screen" and the other "Cinema Suites". Cinema suites have recliner chairs and are 21 and up, less seats.Fork and Screen are cushy seats but no reclining. We went with the Fork and Screen as that was all that was available. We arrived early and had a drink at MacGuffins Bar inside the lobby. Ryan had a PBJ drink that tasted like a PBJ sandwich. I had a Southern Slam - Southern Comfort, Amaretto and Sour Apple Pucker shaken with orange juice. Quite yummy and strong. I may have had several..... We headed into the theater. The seats were setup with 2 4 2 across the theater. We were able to get 2 seats on the right about 3 rows up. They have tables that slide out in front of you for dining. Full silverware setting, side table area for drinks, etc. Our server was quite attentive and wasn't annoying. We never had to press our button to call him. He had water brought immediately. We started with Parmesan Fries which were quite tasty, Deep-fried until crispy and tossed with our seasoned salt, Parmesan cheese blend and Italian flat leaf parsley. Served with ketchup and garlic basil aioli.Ryan ordered the fish and chips meal. He said it was nothing special and was good for what it was. I had the Bruschetta Shrimp Pasta - Pan-seared jumbo shrimp tossed in zesty seasoning with corkscrew pasta and creamy sun dried tomato sauce, and sprinkled with fresh tomato and basil bruschetta. The flavor was great. My only criticism is that I wish it would have had more shrimp. But over all it was a great experience. I want to go back and try other entrees. They are about average as far as costs. Our entrees ran 12-14 dollars each.  I would suggest checking this place out for sure! Great date night or a good girls/guys night out! They have underground parking and do validate.
5	Forget having to schedule your dinner reservations around the movie you're going to see. AMC Esplanade 14 in the Biltmore area of Phoenix underwent major renovations, turning its 14 theaters into chic dine-in auditoriums where viewers reserve their seats and get restaurant-quality service as they fill up on food and drinks while watching the flicks.This is only the ninth AMC dine-in theater in the nation, with the next closest one being all the way in Kansas City. The new theaters' capacities range from 32-136, so each visit is way more intimate that the traditional movie-going experience.The first cool thing about the theater is the MacGuffins bar that greets you when you walk in. It's replaced the concessions stand, with the kitchen behind the bar. I love the drinking-and-movie combination, since a lot of times alcohol can make a mediocre movie that much more fun. It's also a great place to hang out and catch up before the movie or discuss the film afterward, and the bar is fully stocked with everything from beer and wine to mimosas and martinis.There are two types of theaters at the new AMC-nine Fork & Screen theaters and five Cinema Suites theaters. The Fork & Screen have more seats, and they're also the ones that will be showing all-ages movies. They have great comfy chairs with little lights you can push next to them to get a server to come around, and the seats are spread out enough to where nothing feels cramped.While the whole venue is technically 18-and-older throughout, kids younger than 18 can come with someone 21-and-older.The Cinema Suites theater have a more luxurious feel to them in the sense they have less seats and the chairs are absolutely amazing. You can just sink into them and recline almost to the point of lying down. Those theaters are exclusively for people ages 21-and-older, and they have the same set-up where you push a light to get a server's attention.Each seat in the theaters has a menu and silverware next to it, along with a tray that slides out right in front of your seat. It's actually possible to be reclining while eating, which is really cool and makes you feel right at home.The servers try to take your full order, from appetizers and drinks to dessert, all at once, so they keep the disruptions during the film to a minimum. The menus are full of American fare, including burgers and salads to flatbreads and seafood dishes, all served on bamboo plates that eliminate clinking during the film.We tried a lot of food, starting with the Veggie Triple Feature ($7.99) that included jicama, pizza strips, celery and carrot sticks served with hummus and ranch. It was a huge appetizer and really tasty, and I loved that it was such a healthy option.We also ordered the Double Cheese Batons ($7.99), mozzarella sticks topped with parmesan cheese. They were also yummy and a big portion.I had to order the Bistro Mac and Cheese ($10.99) for my entree. I left off the bacon and chicken, and I loved the creaminess of the sauce and the abundance of pasta. It was served with a really great pretzel breadstick, which I thought was a delicious unique touch. I would recommend getting this, for sure.And for dessert, we ordered New York Cheesecake ($6.49). I have to say, for a casual dining menu, both my guest and I freaking loved this cheesecake. It was really soft and creamy, and the strawberries were a perfect accompaniment.I was really impressed with how concerned the wait staff was with making your movie experience enjoyable. Everyone who brought out our food and drinks were really careful not to disturb us, and they were impressive as servers in that they were very knowledgeable about the menu and were accurate with everything. They also spaced out all the courses expertly, preventing you from getting your entree while you're still working on your appetizer. They'll usually drop the check about an hour into the movie, but you can still add on whatever you want. Altogether, it was just a really pleasant and comfortable experience.Tickets for movies range from $6-$15, and prices depend on the film and the theater you see it in. Even if you don't want to eat a full meal there, I think it's great to have the option to drink alcohol while you're watching a movie. For more information, log on to www.amctheatres.com/Esplanade.
2	Got here and every movie is sold out even if seats available.  Make sure to choose your seats or you end up in the front row!!!  Favorite theatre but sucks last two times.
5	Regular movie theaters have been ruined for me. Esplanade is fantastic and while it's a bit of a drive for us, it is a a theater  I will gladly put miles on my car for. Between the two types of theaters, I would recommend the Cinema Suites. These theaters are smaller (less people to annoy you,) no kids allowed,  the cushy seats recline, no one can kick your chair (you're in your own partitioned row,) and best of all you have your very own server in your very own reserved seat.It's in a great part of Phoenix, the Biltmore area has plenty of options should you choose to have dinner outside of the the theater. Make sure if you park in the garage you have the front desk validate your ticket. Also, reserve tickets online before you head out the door. The theaters are small and sell out very quickly. Looking forward to seeing The Dark Knight Rises midnight premier this week and NOT have to wait in line! God bless reserved seating.
5	On Cinema Suites*: If you are of age with no children or in a group full of adults, do yourself a favor and upgrade. Five stars for this experience.With no children, you can eat comfortably and get engrossed in the movie without the unexpected jolt of a baby crying or a parent snapping at a kid to be quiet. The smaller and more intimate setting with fewer seats and better chairs translates to comfort. I loved the fact that you can recline with your feet up and still use the large tray. To those who complain of not being able to eat when reclined, this isn't Rome. Sit up when you eat, and lay back when you're done. It's good for your digestion.*Fork and Screen and Cinema Suites are separated by a wide, wide ocean of class, ambiance, and comfort. This review completely ignores Fork and Screen because of how bad it is.
5	Having been here really makes it difficult to go anywhere else.  The Cinema Suites are so comfortable and were the only way I'd be able to watch The Dark Knight Rises (it breaks my 2 hour movie rule).  The wait staff is great and they actually have decent food.  It's a little pricey but hey, you're at a movie!  Our waiter last night was wonderful about accommodating my request that my fries be in a separate bowl from my sandwich.  Love this place.
3	Not the best of the dining theaters - the food is average and the prices are high for both movie and food.  The portions for the mediocre food is also the smallest I've had at one of these.  The popcorn is the same price as other AMCs so that's not a relief of any sort either.  I probably won't be back to this one..
3	leave it to corporate america to capitalize on a great idea (ipic) and roll it out, steamrolling everyone in the way...--book your seat in advance using the website (fandango's mobile site integration not working at the time of this review)I LOVE LOVE LOVE knowing that my seat is MINE, and if it isn't available, i'll just have to look for another showing--choose from either the exclusive cinema suites (think first class airline seat, and then some), or the more standard and rowdy "fork and screen"--efficient and hardworking servers and food runners.--the concept is excellent, but with declining food quality, it could die off quickly. why would i pay $8 for a (cracked) plastic bowl of popcorn? goddamit!#chicken wings gone south. they're the fatty and mushy "pump-me-full-of-antibiotics-while-i-stand-in-my-own-shit-while-the-steroids-grow-me-bigger-than-my-body-was-ever-going-to-grow-in-90-days-fee-lot-meat" SHIT "chicken"#that means they're cutting other corners too... yikes.#food often arrives "dead" cold. SEND IT BACK.#be careful to be specific when ordering; many items are similar and your server will assume.#effect of dining while you watch has literally put all the nearby restaurants out of business. the esplanade is a ghost townnote to lessees: always put a clause in your contract that competitors in the same property must be approed by you!HINT: push the service button between your seats as soon as you arrive, even if the server stops by to say he'll be right with you. the button starts a timer which sends an "all call" if someone doesn't reach you quickly.
4	The food was fresh, the seats are wonderful, lots of room, all round a great date. But for the drinks guy who kept acting like he really didn't want to be there, this is a five star place. Superb.
5	There is no better way to watch a movie than the Cinema Suites here.  No kids and recliner chairs are the way to go.  Drinks are fine, food menu is better than I would have expected.  It's a bit pricier, but worth it.Side note - if you want to save some bucks, come for a morning matinee show.  Spend what you'd save otherwise on a Bloody Mary at the bar before you go in.  Worth it!
3	Ordered food even though I wasn't hungry just because I could. Nowhere like it in NorCal.
5	What a great way to watch a movie!! We got to do the dinner theater, which cost $12 per ticket. Huge oversized stuffed chairs, great service. They, suprisingly, had a great well rounded menu for food and a full bar. I didn't have any drinks, but I did snag  an order of fish and chips with an ice tea that was perfect while watching a good movie. All in all, super fan!!!
4	Came here for the first time last night - was a little hesitant due to the negative reviews. We saw Batman in the Forks and Screen theater. Loved it! The seats are comfortable (despite what another reviewer said), everything was clean at our seats and our server came by right away like he said he would. We each ordered appetizers and already had drinks from the bar. The food was great! The only negative would be that it's pretty distracting having servers going in and out during the movie. But it's to be expected at a place like this and just something you have to deal with. 4 stars because of price - we had two tickets, two drinks and three apps. It was over $80 - not sure that it's worth that. But good for a once in a while date!
5	If you want to have an outstanding experience at the movie Theater, this is it.  I sat in a reclining chair, couldn't see the row behind or in front of me and had a waitress serve my order. I ordered a glass of wine and a bowl of popcorn. This is what a movie theater experience should be!
4	Our first attempt to see a movie here was an epic fail on my part. Who'd a thunk you have to purchase your tickets in advance which allows you to pick your own cushy seats? What a nifty- brilliant idea, right?I was like, drop me off here and I'll go buy the tickets while you park the car and he was like, you didn't pre-purchase our tickets (white eye stare)? And I was like, seriously, who pre-buys tickets on a Friday night as I exit the almost stopped car?  I high tail it to the counter praying to god and all the saints that there are two fantastic seats available. So I get to the ticket counter ever so confident still thinking I can score us some fantastic seats to a movie during opening week. But got the disingenuous - sorry all sold out instead. I politely but desperately asked her to "check again,' nope sorry. Maybe someone's cancelled?" She was like, no, sorry, still sold out. He shows up - almost out of breath from his post park jog. So, where are the tickets? And I was like...Well, Um, hmmm...and he was like,, Yeah... Pre-Purchase Tickets (white eye stare)! So lesson learn, I pre-purchased our tickets to our follow-up movie and it was a fun experience. Great seats, good food, a couple rounds of cocktails and most importantly, NO CRYING BABIES! Funny thing, we discovered the stow away food trays half way through the movie and we were so excited. They even have movies...IN 3D.We'll go again.
5	I've been here a couple of times with the BF and I've had a great time every time. They have good food and I love how when the armrest is put up it feels like were watching a gigantic tv on our couch in the living room. I love that we get to cuddle up super comfortably and munch on some fries and candy. I learned my lesson about drinking too much before a movie, having no recollection of the movie Immortals, so I have since grown to love the whole movie and (1) drink concept. Love the fact there aren't children and you can reserve your seats. I haven't had any instances of dis-satisfactory service or technical difficulties so I can't give them any less of a rating. The ticket prices are reasonable for all that you get, I definitely think it's worth the extra couple of bucks. It's fairly close to where we live making it more convenient than going to Studio Movie Grill, but I have yet to try UltraStar. Love the french fries here! Will return many times over I'm sure.
4	This is my favorite sunday night movie place. My boyfriend and I only like going to the Cinema Suites theatre. Don't even bother with the Fork and Screen side (it just isn't as good). The flatbread pizza is yummy and the servers are pretty great. I wish the prices were a little better or had a better reward system. Plus I really wish they had $1 sodas like at Harkins... That is my one downfall. But Overall great experience I haven't even tried any of the other dine ins... no reason to
5	Best place to watch a movie!  I'm more of a rent a video at home gal than go out to the movies, but I'll make an exception for this place.  The reclining seats are fabulous.  Order the popcorn - it's seriously the biggest bowl of popcorn I've ever seen.  The only thing I didn't like was the water / soda comes in a ginormous cup with no lid.
1	AMC is now a China owned company and unfortunately I would prefer to support something USA owned or local.   I switched Harkins which is Arizona owned.  I will give up a recliner any day to support locally owned businesses. Peace out AMC.
5	This theater is the best! Great seating and good food. Great place to take a date or a good friend from out of town. Service is extremely friendly.
4	Cocktails and food with little distraction. It's the same price as you would pay regularly, and the food is yummy. It's our new favorite movie experience so far. Great date night!
5	An older theater that's keeping up with the new kids! Comfy, reserved seats with food service with a smile without the astronomical cost found at other luxury theaters. Food was pretty good, or with the great location, you could just go for the show and scope out one of the many nearby restaurants.
1	Won't waste my time coming back here. With nobody around on a Sunday night, the 9:30pm showing of a movie nearly empty, we were refused tickets because I didn't have my ID to prove I was over 21. Really? I'm frickin' old enough to be your mother, kid. Was told we could see another movie on the forks side. For $30? No, thanks. AMC MAJOR FAIL! I'll just spend my money elsewhere.
5	I am in love with the cinema suite! Being able to stretch out your legs on the LazyBoy recliner is the way to enjoy the movie. The chair is spacious and the room is not crowded with viewers.  The foods are at a reasonable price and the server is nice.For movie that are 2+ hours long, watching movie on the recliner is the best experience. Also great place to go on a date :)
5	My husband, kids and I feel this is an absolute staple in our romantic date nights as well as our fun family nights.  Parking is never an issue as there is a three or four story garage, you receive a pass that gets validated for free inside since you are partaking in a movie. Once inside, or online beforehand, not only do you have a choice in movies and times, you also get to choose if you want to be a "Cinema Suites" patron or a "Fork and Spoon " patron.  In the Cinema Suites, thee are absolutely no children under 21, even if they are are there with you, it was last minute, no one can watch the , bah , blah , blah- no getting in!.  For singles, this is a glorious gift from the heavens, no chance of crazy little kids running around everywhere, making noises, etc.  For parents, this kind of sucks if there's a perfect showtime and it's a movie that everyone wants to see, especially when you have older children.  The nice thing is , it kind of forces parents to have a date night sans kids.  Another added bonus aNow once you are in your seat, time to feast.  This food is phenomenal considering it is movie theater food. There's a good selection of appetizers:I recommend the parmesan fries, bread basket, veggie trio, and the hot wings.  There's a lot of sandwiches, I recommend: The Prime Rib Dipper(?), The Lime Chicken Griller (?), The Turkey Sandwich, Now onto the Pizzeta's! Yumm.  Try them all.  The only negative report i Have on the  Esplanade;s Menu are the "Million Dollar Milkshakes"  I've had mine remade only to have to have have same conclusion;it tastes like it was made with water, not milk. Overall, the customer service, the attentiveness of our server and
4	....holy cripes is this place expensive.  I have to say I dig the free parking, plush seating, and great screens/sounds, but at $15 per person for a 3d screening for of Wreck-It-Ralph I don't understand how this place is affordable for a family of four - even for myself that seemed outlandish.
4	Our Favorite Theater ExperienceLove the reclining seats, waiters, are really friendly and helpful. You've must try this place. The only reason I don't give it a 5 star was the food. This was the second time we visited this theater and the second time the food wasn't the high-light. From now on when we go it's drinks and desert. Our thought is if we are going to spend $15 a meal not including drinks we really want to love the food.
5	Now this must be how movie heaven feels like. As a pauper =( having the opportunity to enjoy the experience a couple times a year does it for me. It's first class seats and service for a mere $15 for a movie ticket, then add on drinks and an appetizer, and you end up spending close to $40. Not bad, especially if it's a real big blockbuster movie, then it makes it more worth it. check it out, it's awesome.
4	My favorite theater I've been to since moving here. Super comfortable chairs, good food options, and reasonably priced all around. They validate parking, too!
5	Such a fun evening and a nice treat.  I love the comfy seats and attentive service.
5	AMC Esplanade is by far the most successful navigator of the new "Dinner and a Movie" blue ocean the theater industry is starting to penetrate (that's right, I just referenced Blue Ocean Strategy, get over it).  No, it's not an extremely enlightened idea. I've been sneaking Bacardi into theaters since 2003 so it's about time theaters realize they should probably attempt to turn a profit off of it, but AMC really upped the game by not only providing me the option of purchasing alcoholic beverages from THEM, but also upgraded chairs, and a ton of delicious food (Including the obligatory $4 box of candy which is hilarious sitting next to a $9 burger. Like "Don't mind this $9 full meal over here, we still stand firm that Gummi Bears are worth their weight in gold.")Yes, it's more expensive than a regular ticket. Almost double for the nice seats. But trust me, YOU WANT THOSE SEATS. You will regret not getting the $15 seats if you don't buy the $15 seats so just pony up the cash and delight in the fact that movie theaters are now almost as comfortable as watching a movie in your own home. This theater is so nice it even makes bad movies tolerable. I saw The Master here and probably would have stabbed myself in the eye with my embezzled Bacardi flask if I didn't have a comfy recliner and three glasses of wine to get me through it. I seriously won't go to a movie anywhere else and I guarantee you'll say the same once you go. FIVE STARS.
4	Great way to see a movie.  Pros:Comfortable, assigned seating (buy online in advance) ensures you don't have to rush or wait in line.  Lobby bar is a great place to meet for a drink or three before the movie.Cons:Cocktails seem a bit watered-down on multiple visits.Count on spending at least $50/person if you're talking dinner/movie/drink.
3	Comfortable? Sure.  Drinks are way expensive.  I don't eat dinner at a theater regardless, so can't tell you how good that is.  If you want popcorn, it's "one size fits all" and it's huge!  Way too much for two people, might as well share with the whole row and just pass the bowl.  Service great, and friendly, but in some theaters they can get in the way while watching a movie.  I still prefer iPic.
3	Here's a concept--have a movie theater that serves you dinner at your seat.  Sounds great and I do plan to return here periodically.  However, there are a few dents in the plumbing to bang out.There are two settings here:  Fork and Screen, and Cinema Suites.  Both are similar, but Fork and Screen is suitable for families, while Cinema Suites seats are adults only.  Know the two well, because Fandango for the iPhone may not tell you this if you are booking seats for your family.  I did so, and ended up with a nasty surprise when I arrived at the theater.  Thankfully, we were able to convert the tickets to Fork and Screen about 2 hours after our original booking time, but it was annoying.Service in the theater for dinner?  Friendly.  SLOW.  If you want a drink refill or more food, you push a button near your seat to summon the server.  Then you wait 15 minutes or more for the server to come.  Plus, if you are seeing a movie that goes until after midnight, the kitchen shuts down halfway during the picture and you can't even get a drink refill.  It would have been nice to know that this was going to happen beforehand so we could have gotten a last drink.I like the system and the food is very good, but they need to tighten up their procedures quite a bit.  The food is also, as you would expect from a theater, very expensive.  Snack food and drinks for three cost over $50.  Still fun--good for an occasional movie night.  It's worth having the experience, but know what you are getting yourself into.
4	Since my usual habit is to see movies after work, during the last moments of matinee pricing, the advent of theaters-that-serve-real-dinner is extremely welcome.After years of paying $7 for a small popcorn, I expected real-food prices to be airport-exorbitant... but the dinner menu pricing is roughly comparable to what the same food would cost at a regular restaurant in the neighborhood, possibly even a bit less, since the BIltmore area is muy expensivo. Seating in the Cinema Suites puts your meal on a generous arm rest, rather than on a table in front of you (as at Studio Movie Grill). I like this set-up a little better for keeping things out of my way when I'm done eating; depending on your need to cut food, you may disagree. Seats are sharply terraced, so one's view is not blocked by servers working the rows in front.The menu is less "basic pub food" and more "chi-chi Biltmore grill" than at Studio Movie Grill, though it still sensibly emphasizes food that can be eaten in the dark without undue complications. I've had some sort of panini that was apparently enjoyable but not memorable (with sweet-potato fries, as I think serving sweet-potato fries is required by law in that neighborhood) and then, on another occasion, a lobster pizza that was fabulous. If you can find something to order that strikes you as faintly silly and you wouldn't order it elsewhere, but the price is okay here, that's probably the way to go.Make sure to validate your parking at the front desk, as the complicated and annoying parking garage otherwise charges rather a lot. Fortunately, I have not yet learned this the hard way.
5	Great luxurious movie theater.  The cinema suites are a must do.
5	What a nice way to watch a movie! Big comfy seats,Waiter service and refillable popcorn! It was great!
3	Pros:- Comfortable seats, reasonably good pub-style food. Cons:- Too much ambient light for 3-D films - glare on the glasses. - Teach the servers how to master the billing system - or get a better billing system - there's no reason in this day and age for multiple checks during a single sitting (film).Work out the kinks and this is a very viable business. Farrelli's had better food, but AMC gets points for seating.
5	What a nice way to watch a movie! Big comfy seats,Waiter service and refillable popcorn! It was great! The food was good. I don't think that I can enjoy a normal theatre again.
4	We had problems booking through fandango so I really do recommend just using the amc app if you use any app to buy tickets or try your luck at buying tickets when you get there but just a warning you pick your seats that you buy and they are assigned and go fast so don't show up 10 minutes before on the day a movie is released and expect to sit wherever because that won't happen. My husband and I LOVE the cinema suites because the seats are like sofas so we can cuddle up and be comfortable like we are at home. Cinema suites is 21 and up because you are able to order alcohol and fork and screen is 18 and up. We prefer esplanade over a regular amc because we don't have to worry about younger kids disrupting the movie. (don't get me wrong we love kids and have one but its nice to enjoy a movie without interruption) the food here is actually not bad and its nice to eat and watch the movie but with Biltmore so close by I'd recommend just having a nice dinner at a restaurant because here its overpriced for the quality. All in all we come here for the peace and extremely comfortable seats just make sure you get tickets early and DON'T get them in the back because when sitting in the seats the low wall blocks some of the screen, poor planning on their part. Also if you are 21+ just go to cinema suites not fork and screen because fork and screen seats honestly aren't much better than regular old theater seats and cinema suites are seriously like private couches. Anyway, with all the fancy additions it is more than a regular theater but its only $12 and regular theaters are $9, the seats and privacy are alone well worth the extra $3 not to mention they serve meals and alcohol if you choose to buy any. PLUS if you have the AMC stubs card you rack up points fast here
3	I am torn about this theater. Yes the seats are super huge and comfy but I am not sure if it helps the movie experience. If you are on a date its really hard to be cozy without acting like you are in bed.The food is not very good.
5	I absolutely love the whole dining/movie watching concept. Also the seats are very large and very comfy :)
4	A very cool concept and if I could give a 4.5 star I would. The ONLY downfall is the ledge covers the very bottom of the screen the higher up you sit. The food prices are extremely reasonable for a movie theater.. Great job AMC!
3	My husband and I have been here numerous times. The location is decent - I like that the Biltmore/Union shopping center is right across the street. Plus, Fuego Tacos is down below and tasty. However, there isn't much else in this plaza. A few places to eat, but whenever we visit, everything seems dead. While the parking lot can get pretty full, there's never anyone walking around. It's like a ghost town!My husband and I used to come here more frequently, but when they closed to upgrade to the dining experience, we realized the Desert Ridge location is much closer to us. (We found out they were renovating the hard way. We stopped by one afternoon to find the AMC closed and none of the restaurants were open yet. Again, total ghost town!) Needless to say, we haven't tried the new dining experience but it's on our list. Once we try the new dining experience, look for an updated review!
5	This is the first dine-in theater I've ever been to, and I love it. For one, the big, cushiony chairs are super comfortable. The first time I came to this theater, about a month and a half ago, I did not realize this is a dine-in theater and was a little surprised to find no concession station in the cinema lobby. At first, when I entered the actual theater for the movie and looked at the menu, I was skeptical. My previous experience with theater food, outside of popcorn, nachos, and soft pretzels, told me that the quality of the food would be low, but then I wasn't pleasantly surprised. The first time I ordered the fire-roasted veggie quesadillas and they were excellent, definitely restaurant-quality. A couple of times I ordered their mushroom Swiss burger and it was excellent. My only complaint is that sometimes when I would ask for a refill for my iced tea and was told that it was coming up, the refill would never appear. Other than this, I have enjoyed my film-viewing experiences here. True, it is slightly more expensive than regular theaters, including the price of admission, but it's a nice change from the regular theater experience. Because of the price, however, I don't go here all of the time when a movie I want to see comes out.
3	Living in Austin Texas, i am very familiar with the dining movie experience (Alamo Drafthouse).  So while my wife were in Phoenix on vacation, we decided to see two movies (01/19/2013).  the chair were very comfortable, and the call button is a good idea (just not well executed - more on that later).  I like the idea that you can reserve your seats, and the fold out "tables" worked very well.I don't know how exactly this thing is ran, but my educated guess is that each server has a section in several different screens at the same theater all at the same time.  So it is sort of round robin when you will be helped, as the server has other screens they need to attend to.  I also don't know how the server is alerted when I hit the call button, but the response times were different in my two experiences.  In my early movie (11:30 am on a Saturday) our server was Jackson (at least that is what our receipt said, I thought his name was Nick, but he was a tall/slender black male - great server) and he generally arrived within 5 minutes.  (He was also very on top of it as a server).  Jackson delivered the bill with about an hour left in the movie.  To me, that is really early.  I would have almost rather given him my credit card up front, so that my service could have lasted longer (which by the way - means more sales of booze and food for AMC and Jackson).  Getting my bill an hour before the movie ended probably lost AMC ~$15 in extra sales.  When it came time to deliver the bill, Jackson had them all organized and just walked up the stairs and handed everyone their bill - he knew who's bill was who's before he walked up the stairs.During the evening show that we attended (8:30 pm same day) we had the B-team server: Nick (at least that is what his nametag said - the bill said Graham - which is odd because I wasn't served by a Graham.  Either way, a tall white guy with a Justin Bieber looking haircut).  Nick struggled from the get go.  He was either having a rough day or isn't meant to be a server.  I ordered a beer and some food, and my wife started off with a water.  he asked if we wanted waters for both of us - I said sure.  The food came first (Weird!!!!) then the beer.  Waters never made it.  Nick was a no show, so we asked the runners, who somehow/someway got the message to Nick.  her water (not mine) showed up 30 minutes after we asked for them.  Later she ordered an entree, and it came fine.  After that I ordered another beer and a dessert.  the beer came - not the dessert. Oh yea, it took Nick ~25 minutes after I hit the call button to come answer it.  I almost turned it off... and wish that I did because 10 minutes after that my beer came.  So 35 minutes after I wanted a beer it was delivered to me - I'm sure AMC can do better. Nick came by to hand me the bill and I said that the dessert never came and I wanted to make sure it wasn't on the bill.  he hit himself on the front of his head a la Homer Simpson and said he screwed up and that it wasn't on our bill.  Also, Nick was not organized with his bills - he was in the aisle way sorting out the bills as he was walking up the stairs - disconcerting to the movie goers.  I'm sure AMC has studied this at length, so they can shoot holes through my theory, but why don't they have 1 or 2 servers take care of just one screen at a time?  It seems like the response time would be much faster (thus you sell more food).  Maybe it isn't fair to the servers or something, but who cares - isn't your guests' experience priority #1?In general we enjoyed our experience.  the food is good, if not slightly overpriced.  I thought that the beer prices were reasonable, and free refills on soda and popcorn is A-OK with me.  if they could step up the service they would have a real winner.I also enjoyed that we could reserve our seats ahead of time - very cool.
3	I give these guys a HUGE plus for the seating (be warned make sure and get the cinema suites not the fork and screen for a really comfy movie watching experience). I love having the option to lay out in a huge recliner and catch the newest Harry Potter,  but they really need to work on some of their food items. I have tried 5 different menu items and they all needed some TLC from the chef. However you can't go too hard on the food #1 your eating and getting waited at the movies so WOOHOO, and number #2 you can enjoy your favorite glass (or bottle) of wine maybe even a 23 ounce Blue Moon.
2	Prior to visiting this place I thought the dinner/alcohol/movie concept was a brilliant one....now? Not so much.Pros: -Big Cozy Seats-Alcohol -Food Cons:-The big cozy seats have big huge consoles that make it impossible for one to get cozy w/their movie date (the whole yawn & stretch routine won't fly here fellas)-Higher than normal ticket prices (up to $5 more)-Parking is kind of inconvenient (be sure to bring in your ticket for validation)-Tickets need to be purchased in advance (this cannot be done via gift card)-Food/Alcohol is somewhat pricey/undesirable ($20 pre-tip for faux chicken fingers and soda) My friend even let an alcoholic beverage go to waste..it was that badAll in all, I didn't love it. The theater was nice, our server was sweet, and the movie (Warm Bodies) was bomb diggety, but in the future I think I'll skip the extra cost/ inconvenience and resort back to watching films the good old fashioned (eat a delicious dinner elsewhere) way.
2	Great idea but save yourself $75 and invite yourself over to the house of the buddy who has the nice home theater.  You can bring Chili's takeout since that is about on par with what they serve here.  All told you still save about $30 and you can get by with taking off your shoes and getting really comfortable.
4	Oh I love this movie theater so much. I just wish it was closer to my house. Whenever I have guests come from out of town, I take them here. I do not tell them why we are driving 45 minutes, and look at their faces when we get to the theater. They are always awestruck!I have always had wonderful experiences here. Its fabulous. You need to check out the 21+ suites at least once in your life. It will ruin regular movie theaters though! Once you have this luxury, you cannot go back easily. I love being able to have a drink beforehand. it can be pretty expensive but it is all about the experience. Having a few cocktails before and during the movie just make it more fun. I always order food. It is not the best food around, but again it is about the experience. I love reclining like a queen, and having them serve me food and drink with just a push of a button. I had the thai bang shrimp tacos, I dont recommend them, they were a little chewy. Their pizzettas are really good though. I also like the queso blanco dip, but it can be a little small if you are sharing. My dad said the prime rib sandwich was very tasty. Make sure you make a reservation in advance using fandango so you can pick out your seats. The cinema suites can get packed fast, especially if it is a big movie. This would have been 5 stars, but they took some of the perks away and it made me sad. If I never had the perks before, I would not have known, but I feel a little jipped every time I leave with out my hand towel, mint, and free sample popcorn. Please give me back my perks!
2	I'm from Portland and there are several great neighborhood theaters that have been doing this concept for years.  Normally really like the whole dinner and a movie with drinks and all.  Wasn't a huge fan of the experience here at AMC unfortunately.  Service in the theater for dinner was beyond slow.  You press a button for the server and then wait what seems like an eternity for them to finally come.  If you are dying of thirst, you'll be dead and buried before anyone comes to your rescue.  The food was decent though and overall I still like the concept, I just think this place needs to improve their system.
2	I remember I went to this movie years ago when it was just a regular theater. Then I went back about a year ago and saw the changes, it was awesome! They took the iPic concept which I love! We watched The Vow and reclined and got over prices mediocre tasting food. But I still loved it! So I wanted to have my boyfriend experience it as well since he liked iPic.We went and got tickets for Safe Haven (I'm a total chick, I know) and I didn't care how expensive the tickets were because I knew what to expect for that price...my expectations were shot to tell! We sat in a theater where the chairs didn't recline and were uncomfortable. And it pissed me off even more that they had waiters in there because that's the reason they were over priced. If I'm gonna be in a regular theater, then I have no problem with standing in line at the concession stand. Needless to say, it was disappointing. Do yourself a favor and go to iPic.
4	In credible seats....well worth the the ticket price.  The food is overpriced and some is much better than others.  Nice for going on a date night!
2	I will preface this review by saying that this is our absolute favorite theater and I cannot remember the last time we saw a movie at a different theater.  This past Tuesday night, however, was a bust.  We arrived at the theater 20 minutes early so that we would be able to enjoy the preview and movies with minimal distractions.  We didn't see a server until well into the first preview.  My friend wasn't feeling well and wanted to get a box for her food.  It took 3 requests from 2 different people just to get a box.  It took 2 requests to get a drink refill.  We told the server in the beginning how we wanted the checks divided and that wasn't done as asked either.  Like I said, this is our favorite theater and I hope this was just a bad night and not indicative of how things will be in the future.
4	The dine-in theater at AMC is the PERFECT place to take a date.  With dine-in experiences being 18+ there are no children running around.  The food is the same price as a Chili's and they bring it right to your seat while you enjoy the feature.  I'm definitely going back!
5	LOVE this theatre. Yes, it cost a little more, but the seats are ten times better (although the cinema suites recline and have a leg rest) and you can have lunch/dinner/wine while you enjoy your movie. The screens are huge so any seat you get is going to be good. I usually come to this theatre if I'm watching a movie alone and don't want to be bothered (seats are usually in pairs). I do take my daughter here to watch kid movies (you can only take them in Fork&Dine), but I love it because they have kid's meals and unlike a regular theatre you don't have little kids banging on your seat or screaming. Everyone is rather well behaved. For this, I definitely pay the extra $2 or $3 to watch a movie here.
1	OK, let me start by saying that my preferred Theater is Harkins... I am a very 'thrifty' person and rarely we go out without using a coupon or some kind of promotional prices.I buy Harkins tickets in bulk and I can take a family of 4 to the movies with popcorn and drinks for $30-34.That said, we occasionally go to AMC, and each and every time I cannot believe they can get away with those prices, particularly the concessions, not offering regular student discounts, etc...However, I understand that you get what you pay for, and for some this is the place and environment they want regardless of the price.Back to the actual review : )* Hubby drinks industrial amounts of diet coke, so the small glass cup that we got when we got ther was the first... "what?" It looks and feels like a bar.. (is it a bar?) so it seems appropriate to tip your server, so for more than we were expecting to pay we got a glass full of ice that hubby finished in a couple of sips : P* Once we were seated, it seems it took a long time for a server to come and take our order... perhaps like 30 minutes or so?* I didn't think the menu options were that attractive, someone in a review compared the place to Chili's and I kind of agree with that... I am not a big fan of Chili's though...* We decided to share a chicken/chipotle quesadilla... which was good and the portion was generous. If you ask me, the sauce was a little too sweet, but oh well... It was OK.* It seems to me the dish comes with a side (chips were pictured), and while taking our order our server asked "Chips or fries?", at the end we had an extra charge for choosing fries. I understand if there is a charge, but I believe servers should make you aware at the time you place your order. Something like... "It comes with chips, would you like fries for an additional charge?"Up until this, it would have been 3 stars, but...*I didn't think the seats were that comfortable... they didn't seem to recline and the angle was kind of weird.* Honestly, I thought the place was nasty. The small tables have some metal pieces and are not flat, obviously this makes them tricky to clean but that is not an excuse. They had marks of being poorly wiped, there were crumbs on my area, even garbage and a cherry stem in my cup holder... * Over 30 minutes - Over 30 minutes it took for my husband to get a refill for his drink...* And, my pet peeve... pop corn bags were not full, they were about or more than an inch below the edge or the bag. Argggghhh...* This must have been a very nice and impressive experience when everything was brand new... not now, not for us.Disclaimer - I attended a free screening here, so I did not really get the 'full price paying customer' experience, however, I think that should not make a difference. OR even worse, I would be even more disappointed if I had to pay admission on top of what we spent.On the bright side, this area is very nice to go for a walk after your movie, if you go on the evenings : )
5	I love the esplanade for many reasons. First of all, if you go to a movie before noon the tickets are 6 dollars. That is quite the deal for the amazing service and atmosphere they offer. The seats are as comfortable as they get and the regular priced tickets are still only 12 dollars. The food is not phenomenal but it is good if you are just looking for something to munch on during your movie. I would recommend this place to anyone. I don't think I can go back to a regular theater!
4	Out of all the dine-in theaters we have in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area  I do take preference to this one due to price and service. iPic is awesome but extremely overpriced, and the rest are a dud.  I love having the cinema suites with 21+ only to avoid children and crying babies which is often the culprit of a ruined movie experience.    The drinks are a little expensive, but I wouldn't expect any less at a dine in theater. I've definitely paid more for a cocktail in Old Town,    The food is served in fair portions, but as stated in other reviews the menu is like a Chili's. Their Parmesan fries are ridiculously good!   Service is always fast and attentive, staff overall is great.  We will be back for other movies!
5	My guy is crazy about these upscale theaters and I know why. Dinner and drinks during a movie is an excellent concept and I'm all for it.We chose our seats online, no need to wait in line early to get those perfect seats - just order ahead. The theaters are less crowded and have leather recliner seats with tables. I was completely comfortable.We ordered a seafood appetizer platter that included lobster. This is not your average fare, yet the prices were equal to a restaurant dinner out. I was throughly impressed with our waiter service.I went for the Mango Margarita, while my guy stuck to beer. We decided to switch up our second round and ordered Rum Punch drinks. All in all, these were great drinks that I would have loved anywhere...but in a movie, awesome!So now that I've been to these fancy Dinner Movie theaters, I am really hoping they will open one up close to home.
1	I don't get it.  Why are people so taken with the idea of dining while watching a movie.  I'm supposed to tip on top of the ridiculous prices??????  No way.. not going back ever.  Just to add insult to injury.. I was charged for items I didn't even come close to ordering.... so aggravating!!!  Of course I signed off on it being that I was sitting in a DARK THEATER and couldn't see properly -_-esplanade 1me 0
3	Okay... I reeeeeeally want like this idea. It would probably work if patrons exhibited any shred of common decency. However, seeing as how Mr. & Mrs. Douchebag can't figure out how to get to the theatre on time I guess I shouldn't expect them to whisper their order to the waitress while the movie is running. I also probably shouldn't expect them to not get drunk during the movie either. Since you get both full restaurant & bar treats served directly to your movie seat, rude people easily forget they aren't watching the movie in their home alone. I've gone twice & there was just too much noise for me to relax & enjoy the movie. That having been said, the staff has been really helpful & friendly & the seats are pretty awesome.
4	For all the nay-sayers of AMC, let me make a suggestion: get the Stubs card. It's like $8 for the year. Every time you spend $100, you get a $10 reward. So if you think the Esplanade is too expensive, you're basically getting a 10% discount.  Also: nothing will EVER be as good as what we expect. Suck it up. If you don't like the service, food, or drinks, ask for a manager.I've had a couple of less than perfect experiences here, but when dealing with the general public, you've got to be prepared to cut them a little slack. It doesn't matter where you go.The Strawberry margarita is awesome. Free refills on drinks (soda) AND popcorn. I get the breadstick sampler regularly (swapping alfredo sauce for marinara; tastes better with the pizzetta strips). Decent burger. Quesadillas rock.If you have the choice, Cinema Suites with the full recliner seats are the best!
4	for frequent movie goers this theater might be a different experience. large seats, usually quieter than other AMC's
5	This is the only place I now watch movies. Its clean, good food, great drinks, good service and no screaming babies. It's pricey but I'm willing to pay it so I can enjoy watching the movie instead of wondering when the kid behind me will stop kicking my seat.
5	I loved it here the chairs are sooooooo cozy! They recline and all!!! ahhhhhhhh!!!! The food is pretty decent and the wait staff are like ninjas they just show up at the right time. If I had to have a downside it's that the table in the theatre is slightly awkward and I say that looking for something wrong. The decor is nice love the bar that greats you when you walk in. It is really a great place total bonus if your looking for a date but don't wanna invest the time for dinner and a movie (hey it's like that sometimes lol)!
3	Super busy today (Mother's Day...go figure). Took a while for my server to take my order.Chose the breadstick sampler (2 soft breadsticks and 6 pizzetta strips with queso blanco and marinara which I switch for alfredo sauce).  Got 4 sticks and no pizzetta.  Turns out--no pizzetta.  Ended up just keeping the breadsticks because my movie had already started and I was hungry.Ordered a frozen strawberry margarita (these are so good!), but got it on the rocks.  Sent back.  Took about 25 minutes to get the drink, which was ordered before the food.Again, I get that it was busy for a Sunday night.  But a little heads-up from the kitchen to the wait-staff about the pizzetta would have been helpful.  It's also nice to get your drink BEFORE the food when you have to drive.Still love it here, but I'll be extra-cautious about when I go.
2	$16.20 for an adult ticket and parking is roughly $12.  The theatre is nice, but you can get the same thing at Studio Grill (minus the over priced ticket and inconvenient parking).
5	Great way to see a movie,awesome recliners and great service  ,drinks and dinner should be more of these theaters around!!!!!!!
4	Love this venue. Its in a great location next to the best shopping venues in Scottsdale and the theater is never crowded! You get friendly servers and a descent menu selection. I went here for the first time with some of my girl friends to see Side Effects! Loved the movie very hot and sensual! Its an awesome spot for a date night too. I will definitely be back!
2	Maybe I was just there on an off night, but my experience here was not great. They have the potential to be a great place, but the staff just seemed overwhelmed (or maybe just over worked. We had a couple drinks at the bar, which was fine. Then we went to the theater to see out movie. Nice big comfy seats (so much potential). We put in an order for drinks and an appetizer. The service was slow, there were 2 servers, and I think they were serving multiple theaters. We got our drinks but our appetizer never came. Our appetizer was on the bill, which we had to track down the server to have it removed. At the end of the movie there were many people from our theater standing around waiting on issues to be dealt with (incorrect bills mostly). By the way the drinks and food were a bit overpriced for what you got. Another server also took my parking ticket to be validated, but never returned it ($16 to park with NO ticket). We tracked him down, and he couldn't find it, but he was nice enough to go down to the parking garage and use his employee pass to let us out (shout out to Joe!).I would give the place a second chance, but I would not go out of my way to go there. I hope it was just an off night!
4	Ok so this is how we should watch movies ALL the time! Once you've experienced this theater going back to a regular AMC or Harkins Theater feels like such a downgrade. lol. I've only been here twice but I seriously love it! The fact that you get the whole Dinner AND a movie experience is amazing. You can't go wrong with comfortable reclined seats and your food and drinks being brought to you. I brought my boyfriend for the first time and at first he was pretty iffy about it and upset that I paid so much for our tickets. But once we got in and sat down he changed his mind about it immediately and loved it! lol. Plus I love saying I told you so. =PThe staff is always extremely friendly and quick at serving you. I think the food and drinks are a bit over priced but you really pay for the experience of the theater I think. I got the bacon cheeseburger which I thought was a bit dry and needed some type of sauce to it. I'd liked to try the drinks next time I come. Soo.. if you haven't been here? GO! You might feel differently about going back to Harkins after this experience. =)
3	The theatre itself is great! Comfy seating, and who wouldn't like their food delivered to them during the movie!The food is good - it is rather pricey, but everything I've ordered has been great! The two different pasta bowls (one chicken and one shrimp) are GREAT!! You could also just order drinks and popcorn/candy to keep the bill low.The first two times I went there the staff was VERY nice. They greeted you at the door and offered to help find your seat. The last two times I've been, the service was dreadful! I'm not sure what changed! The first time our waitress was fairly rude and I'm pretty sure they did not get our order in. We were quite a ways into our movie (and everyone else had been served) before our food came - and we had to ask our waitress who assured us it was on it's way (it arrived 15 minutes after that!)Our visit today was the worst! We bought tickets online so we could pick our seats, and we arrived 40 minutes early. We were in our seats 30 minutes before the movie started, and we weren't even offered drinks until 2 minutes before the movie started. Many other people were seated and served, while we waited. We both pushed our buttons, and nothing. The waitress was nice when she came to take our order, but we were pretty put off at that point. It's a real pain to get there so early and be completely ignored! And there were lots of servers just standing around outside which was annoying! It has such good potential, and was great the first couple of times, but seems to have really gone downhill. I hope they get better servers and turn the place back around! We're going to try one of the other dine-in theaters next!
4	We like coming here for dinner and a movie and we sometimes bring family and/or friends. The seating is pre purchased and assigned, and very comfortable. The food is quite good. We share orders of Parmesan fries, and chicken tenders, and bottomless popcorn. The parking is validated, covered, and convenient. Sure you pay a little bit more than you would for fast food and a movie, but the seating, the food and the facility make for a fulfilling experience.
4	It's awesome to have a movie theater with NO KIDS. It's awesome to have a movie theater where the white trash behind you cannot kick your chair. Food: better than any other movie theater around. Chicken tenders are awesome, and when I ask for extra ranch dressing, oh boy do they comply.This is my favorite theater and I cannot say anything better.
4	What a great place!  I've been going here for the past year about twice per week.  The facility is always clean and the staff is friendly.  The concept of this theater is nothing but fun. They have a bar located in the lobby with seating if you choose to have a drink while waiting for friends. You can take your drink with you in the movie if you do not finish it.  There are "2" theater types. Fork N Screen permits children where "Cinema Suites" only permits 21 and over. Both serve the same food & drink menu. The Fork N Screen has more seating but the seats do not recline where the Cinema Suites are far more private and the seats recline. I love the little red help buttons next to each seat if you need service, hit the button and voila... they show up! The food is average, the apps are pretty good, and the drinks are fun. There are really good restaurants located in the Esplande if you choose to have dinner elsewhere and then see a movie.  They also validate for parking for 4 hours!  Overall, this is a great spot for a night alone, date night, girls night, or a family afternoon. AMC also has a stubs program ($12.00 year) I use it to earn points and free dollars to use.
5	Food is insanely good. Would have never expected it at a movie theatre. Have been here a half dozen times, tried different things every time, all amazing. Fork and Screen is nice but the Cinema Suites are fantastic. So comfy and can recline. Service has always been great! Can go wrong with dinner and a movie all at the same time.Oh.......and try the waffle dessert. It is to die for :) Bon Apetit
3	I so wanted to give this theater a higher review, but after three different visits, there are a few reasons I cannot.  First the pros:1.  The staff are all very friendly, helpful, and attentive.  They have done a great job hiring the right people.2.  The chairs are extremely comfortable and perfect for sitting for a few hours watching a movie.3.  There are no little kids crying during the movie like at Christown just down the street.  (It's not their fault their parents bring them to movies that are not at all age-appropriate and they're bored to tears.  Parents need smacked upside the head.)4.  I feel safe parking and walking to the theater from the parking garage if I want to go to the movies alone.5.  Did I mention how awesome the staff is?  They really are *that* good.Okay, now the cons.  This list is shorter.1.  The popcorn here sucks.  I've tried it twice and it was horrible, cold, and I got a couple of bites that tasted like chemicals.  The popcorn should be spectacular at a high-end movie theater - especially when it costs $8.2.  The food is mediocre.  I ordered chicken fingers and fries.  The fries were decent, but the chicken fingers were soggy like they'd been microwaved.  Disgusting.3.  And, last but not least, I've tried a couple of times to drink their iced tea, but it's the worst iced tea I've ever had - and it's $5 for a very large glass of it.  Again, there are just some basic things that have to be great.  I'd think iced tea in the summer in Arizona should be good everywhere.  It's pretty bad when the QT gas station down the street has better iced tea - and for only $1.50.  :-/If AMC can get the quality control sorted out with the food, then this would be an absolutely perfect venue.  It's clean, quaint, and I love the vibe of it very, very much.  I just wish the food and drinks were better quality.
4	Recently my uncle rented out a theatre at this location to celebrate my aunts 55th birthday! This would be this first time I've been to this theatre since they changed it into the dine-in movies. Lets just say I was very impressed! A few family members showed up early to set things up but when we arrived the staff was already on top of it! We requested to play a short video as soon as all the guests arrived and the staff had no problem accommodating that request. As the guests arrived the friendly staff walked around taking drink orders and quickly returned with the beverages and continued to take orders and help out with anything we requested. After a few minuets of greeting each other we sat down in our huge comfy recliners and started our private viewing of Iron man 3. During the beginning of the film the wait staff walked around taking food orders from the guests, we were given a fixed menu to choose our meals from. We had the option on a chicken quesadilla or loaded potato skins to choose from for an appetizer, and for the main course we could choose from four different burgers or a chicken Ceaser wrap (all options came with a choice or house made potato chips or french fries). I ordered the potato skins as my appetizer and the bacon cheese burger with french fries as my main meal. The potato skins were very good... not amazing but defiantly better that what I expected. Burger and fries were average. The bar is pretty expensive... 40+ $ for a bottle of wine? 10+$ for a glass? That's okay if I'm fine dinning but get real... The wine selection wasn't even that great. All in all the service was fantastic and the food was better than expected (but not wonderful)... Ill be back.
4	My hubby heard a few people talking about this movie theater for awhile so for his BDAY I took him there to see "Man of Steel" this past weekend.  The theater is cool but it was getting to and from there through the garage that made the experience a little frustrating.  Those signs are not helpful.  Well, at least, don't do what we did.  We took the elevator through the garage.  I hit the starred button for the first floor and the thing shot up to the sixth floor and just sat there.  After about a minute, we panicked.  We hit a bunch of buttons and still no movement.  Finally we had to call security.  This went on for a good 10 minutes.  Finally, I hit another button and it took us to the basement.  Not sure if security came or not cause when we got out, we ran for it.  Coming back we were able to see our car from where we parked on the Gila Monster level but getting to it was like going through a maze.  It felt like a Twilight Zone episode where the stairs never take you anywhere.  It was like an endless climb.  Like I said, the theater is way cool but the directions need to be more direct.
3	Make sure you double check your bill. Two people in our party had incorrect bills. Great concept but a redbox and a Papa Murphy's pizza is about $80 cheaper.
4	Must say this is the only way I'll be watching movies from now on. What a great experience. Seats are large and comfortable and well spaced. The Cinema Suites are the best, I just wish they had all the theaters like that.Only downside is the food is average. Besides that, I would highly recommend.
5	Alright, I tried this theater one more time and am so glad I did.  It was a very different experience this time so I have to update my review.  I went with my boyfriend to see The Heat (which was awesome, too).The popcorn was spectacular this time!!!  I was so excited and it tasted so good that I ordered a refill.  Woo hoo!!  I did not order the unsweetened tea (which wasn't good the two times I previously ordered it), but instead ordered the sweetened raspberry tea.  It was also very good.  And, just because we were uber hungry, we ordered some of their parmesan fries from the appetizer menu.  They were amazing.  I mean, they were really, really amazing!Everything about this movie experience was wonderful and exactly what I've been wanting all along.  Thank you to AMC for correcting the former issues and making this the 5 Star experience I've been wanting.  I'll be back again and again.
4	Since experiencing dine-in theaters, watching movies isn't the same unless it's dine-in.  You don't have to necessarily order food - but what's so great is that you pretty much pay the same price you would pay at a regular movie theater, only difference is you don't have to rush and look for seats.. you already have a seat assigned to you.
5	I am a huge fan of this idea, it cost about the same as if you went to a movie and dinner at a place like chili's or TGIF.  The food is very good and the seats are so comfy you will never want to go to a regular theater again.
1	I don't know if it is because it's a full moon, or a Monday night or what but tonight it was difficult for me to enjoy my movie because on our right, a couple guys brought their own carrots and on our left, a couple not only brought their own crunchy snacks but also bottled beer...yes bottles of beer! And to top it off, they were smoking off electric cigarettes that each time emitted a blue, LED light and an awful, sickly smoke. REALLY? AMC management really sucks at this location if they are so BLIND and other sensory impaired that they don't see this abuse. And here we are paying all this money not just for tickets but to buy their expensive mediocre food and wine only to be assaulted by this experience. EPIC FAIL AMC.
5	I love this place.the seating is awesome and it really feels like a night out when you can watch a good movie, be comfortable , have tons of leg room and get some amazing mac and cheese all in one place.It is a movie experience thst will make you wonder why all theaters arnt this way ...dine and watch!
4	Great movie house!!I love my movies and nothing is better than being able to lay back in the CINEMA SUITES ordering dinner while you watch a good movie. The service was solid. All servers have always been really helpful and polite. The food options on the menu remind me of and Applebee's menu. Try the fire burger! Also the parm fries are solid! The only downside is when the bill comes. Usually they bring the bill towards the middle end of the movie which is kind of awkward because usually by that time something important is happening in the movie. Other than that its a great place to take a date!
4	I've gone a couple times and always enjoyed myself. They have two types of theaters, one for only over the age of 21 and the other is for over the age of 18 or with an adult's presence. I've only ever gone to the the one for adults only. The seats are very comfortable and the servers do a nice job bringing food and drinks, but still staying out of the way of the viewing audience.The food is really good. I'm a huge fan of the macaroni and cheese. It's got grilled chicken and comes with a piece of pretzel bread that's doughy and perfect to dip in left over cheese sauce. My husband likes the jalepeno burger, jalepenos are diced into the meat and fried jalepenos are served on top of it. There is a bar in the front of the theater and the drinks are really good too.Parking for the Esplanade is validated for up to 4 hours and is easy enough to get in and out of.
5	I am officially in love with AMC Esplanade!  I love the comfort of seeing a moving in a reclining chair.  I have been to this location several times and I have not been disappointed.  The staff are super friendly and are quick to help.  The last time I was in to see Wolverine, my chair would not recline.  A Manager came over and tried to resolve the problem.  Unfortunately the chair could not be fixed but I was given two movie passes for my next visit.  This didn't ruin my movie experience.  AMC Esplanade has a great menu with lots of items to choose from.  They have the usually candy, popcorn and Coke.  But they also have a full menu that includes appetizers, sandwiches, pizzas, desserts and a full bar.  The Thai Bang Shrimp appetizer is a great bit for the movie.  This order has crisped golden shrimp with a zesty Thai bang sauce.  I don't know what this sauce is but it's delicious.  They offer the Thai Bang Shrimp Taco and they come with chips and salsa.  I recommend the Thai Coconut Chicken Tenders and add the Parmesan fries.  The tenders will come several sauces but the Thai coconut red chili glaze was my favorite.  The prices are a little higher than a regular theater but you pay for what you get.  If you want to see a movie in comfort, I highly recommend AMC Esplanade.  The price is worth the comfort.
3	Worst food ever my burger was extremely dry there were kids kicking my seat while i was eating and watching a movie severs were pleasant not what i thought it would be ...
4	VIP Theater the only thing better is iPicI got to go here on the 12th for the first time while visiting for business.  It was pretty nice. Reserve your seat to any movie in advance and the seats are really comfortable.  The rooms are much bigger than iPic so I like the stadium seating you get with a lazy boy leather seat. I was disappointed they didn't recline but I did like that you could call your waiter anytime where as iPic you have to wait till they come back. It's cheaper than iPic for sure.  Over all I had a good experience. It was easy and enjoyable. The best thing about any VIP theater is the ability to pick your seat and get your tickets in advance so even if it's a popular sold out movie,  you know your not only going and when but you also know where you are sitting instead of hoping it's not sold out and hoping you get a good seat. Can't beat that, then to top it off really comfy seats and a great experience. No more missing the movie to run to refill your drink or get more popcorn etc... If you haven't tried a VIP Movie Theater then you've got to experience it at least once!
5	This is the best movie theater ever. We usually go see movies in the cinema suites if available. Basically you get to watch from the comfort of a la-z boy that reclines. It's also great that there are servers who bring you food and booze. My only complaint would be that the food is not spectacular, but who cares. Just fill up on beer. I'm not sure I can ever go back to a regular theater.
4	I love this theatre because it is for adults only. This makes a simple date night into more of pleasant experience because their are NO babies, young kids, crying or screaming!  Man....and they sell angry orchard!  Gluten free alcohol sipping boy I was. I will say if you can avoid the spoon and fork theatre.  The better one is the other theatre because the chairs are bigger and they recline without touching the person behind or in front of you.  Happy viewing!!!
3	Definitely not your average theater and it doesn't have to be expensive if you can figure out when the cheap shows are.  Too bad the website is confusing and it's hard to figure out. I ended up just hovering over the times and saw different prices ranging from $6.75 - $17. Guess it doesn't matter if you've got the cash flow but I'm a student and would save this place for a special night out.  Harkins student tix are always $7. Free 4 hour parking with validation.The theater is very clean and there are large screens, even in the small auditoriums.  The seats are pretty comfortable but are arranged in sets of two. Every 3rd person will feel a bit away from your group because the extra armrest/service-tray thing.  It's a good concept to have food but I found the smell of others eating to be annoying when I wasn't hungry.  The light next to each seat bothered me a lot and I used a menu to cover it up.  Servers coming in and out of the room during the movie was also disruptive for me, especially when they made wrong deliveries and had to find out who ordered what. And there were definitely kids running around the lobby. Kids aren't not allowed; they just need to be with an adult.  If you wan't dinner and a movie, go out somewhere where you can actually see your date and have a conversation. I'll probably be back for the cheapest shows because I like clean theaters... but I don't think it's worth paying extra for.
2	This AMC is not your typical movie theater. This is a dine in while watching movies cinema. It is nestled on the 2nd floor of the Esplande building off of 24th street and Camelback. Perfect location to do some shopping at the Biltmore Fashion park then walk on over to finish the day off with some food and a great flick. The moment you walk in you see a lounge area that is higher class then most movie theaters. There is a full service bar with barstools to eat and drink. There are lounge chairs to chat with friends before the show begins. Besides offering to purchase your tickets online there is a Kiosk are available to avoid the long lines to purchase your tickets if you don't feel like waiting. What is nice is you can choose your seating. They have wheel chair accessibility for those who may need it. The first impression when you come in is always the best but once you walk into your assigned theater room it all goes down from there. To be fair the rooms have comfortable seating. Plenty of room to sit comfortably and move through the theater but the room is not always clean. Every time I have gone to this theater either the floor is dirty or the menus are sticky. I am not always greeted by a waitress either. This restaurant is suppose to be known for serving their patrons this is why patrons pay more to be here but every time excluding once did I have to flag someone down. Last night was the first time I had a great server. I mentioned this to him because I wanted to let him know I was impressed with his service but the food runner who brought our food messed up the whole experience. The first thing was he did not bring out our full order which was two bags of popcorn with butter , one sweet tea and one water. He brought out one bag of popcorn with no butter which he spilled on my friend and the floor. My sweet tea was warm tea with ice in it. The sad thing was he told us he was going to clean it up and she sat the whole movie with popcorn under here feet. Yes, he did apologize for spilling but never came back to clean up. My suggestion for this theater is to work on the service experience. I have an awful experience with the dining portion every time. I believe they get this down the theater will have a better perception to patrons.
3	Comfy seats, good service, below average food. Don't forget to bring your parking pass to get it validated.
4	This was my first upscale, premiere dine-in movie theatre experience. It was fabulous, the seats are so comfortable and the servers serve (okay) food and alcohol! There is nothing better than this as long as you are drinking wine during a Jennifer Aniston movie! The theatre we sat in had la-z-boy recliners which you can fall asleep in at any moment. The previous theatre the last time I was here had regular seats, nothing special and paid extra for the ticket. It seems the type of seats vary per theatre so be aware if you buy tickets for a showing.I don't think I will ever go back to your "typical movie theatre" if I have the option again!
1	Horrible! 8 dollars for popcorn. You kidding me?  Seating is terrible. The self serve machines in the lobby don't work. Very overpriced tickets. Piss poor food. Terrible candy options. Please read what I am writing and trust me...GO TO HARKINS!!!
2	Saw a movie here for the very first time last night. Decided to take my friend for her birthday since it looked spectacular from the website and we wanted to try something different. We usually go to Studio Movie Grill so I expected it to be similar...There were definitely a lot of differences starting with the fact that they don't let you print your tickets from home. You have to pick them up at a kiosk when you arrive which was actually very quick and easy as long as you have the credit card you bought the tickets with on you. Also, they have a specific age rule so that kids under the age of 18 aren't allowed to go there unless they are accompanied by a parent or guardian over the age of 21. What a great rule! There was a pretty good sized bar in the front lobby but not a single person was sitting at it. The bar at SMG has always been packed out every time I've gone, so this should have been a red flag. About 15 minutes before the start of our movie, we headed into our designated theater. I was really excited until we walked in and there was a horrible stench. To be honest, it smelled like Chuck E Cheese. Our seats were great! Smack dab in the center of the room. They were also very comfortable and clean. The problem was it was so dark, we had to squint to read our menus. And this was before the movie! A waiter appeared literally 2 minutes later and asked us what we wanted which was unexpected since I hadn't even pressed the call button yet. We both thought the mac and cheese sounded really good but I ended up ordering a Pizzini which is supposedly one of their "signature items" and she got a bacon cheeseburger. If you get a Pizzini, they charge you 99 cents to upgrade to french fries or else you are stuck with crunchy, loud potato chips. No way was that appropriate for the movie! We also both ordered diet cokes since the alcoholic beverages were way too overpriced and I had already spent $12.75 each on the tickets. The food came out really quickly. Almost too quickly to the point where I started to question how fresh it was. The fries were way too salty and tasted like they were from McDonald's. The Pizzini was very dry and bland. Luckily it came with a special dip that was sort of spicy, but still decent. After eating half of the Pizzini and half of the fries I was extremely full. Decided to focus on the movie and save the rest of my food to take home for later. However, I was unable to do that because THEY DON'T GIVE OUT TO GO BOXES?!  About 20 minutes before the movie ended I pressed the call button to see if I could get one, but nobody ever showed up. At that point there was still one waitress roaming around collecting people's bills, but she didn't even acknowledge me. I can't believe they would have the nerve to charge $12 for an entree and then not even allow us to take any leftovers home. This was a huge disappointment, but mainly because I hate wasting food. On our way out I looked to see if anyone else had received a box, but they hadn't. One of the main reasons why I probably won't go back to this theater was that parking was a huge pain. It's one of those structures where you take a ticket and then when you leave you have to stick it in a machine and pay. At least I was able to get away with not paying since the movie theater validates tickets at the front when you walk in. Just be sure to keep your ticket with you, and not in your car. Overall, I was not impressed. Was expecting a first -class experience, but instead received one that was mediocre. I think I am going to stick with Studio Movie Grill since it is cheaper and the food is much better.
4	my wife and i really like the value proposition ooutIf dinner and a movie in one, and a comfy recliner to eat in.  its way cheaper than the Ipic, and the food is pretty good without being too much.  if the movie isn't any good, just have a few mojitos and you'll feel better about it.  my one gripe in case management is reading this:  they need to clean the menus more often.  They're sticky.  Try the Bistro Mac n Cheese.
4	I dig this place.  I have yet to eat here, but friends who have said its good.  I really like picking out my seats ahead of time and not fighting a crowd on busy weekends.  The popcorn is pricey @ $8.50 for a big bowl with a refill. Come on Explanade, it's popped corn and it costs you 50 cents. You've already got our premium paid for the seat, throw us a bone!
2	While the theater is nice and their Minute Maid Smoothies are amazing, their food is a disappointment. I ordered chicken strips and ended up getting something that tasted like it was microwaved from McDonalds. C'mon. At least hire some real chefs.
5	Best theater out there.  Dine-in, assigned seating, comfortable chairs, and no ghetto teenagers talking throughout the movie.  If you want ghetto, head over to Christown theater...
2	I've been coming to this theater for years and have been a few times since they remodeled and changed concept. Most recently was a few weekends ago to see Gravity... The seats are comfortable enough, and I don't really mind the concept of dine and watch a movie - but then again, maybe I do. I've been to a few other theaters with this format, and I guess I find it kind of distracting and annoying with waiters wandering around. I mean, it has its pluses and minuses. The food here is okay. In no way is it worth the price you pay, but it's also pretty absurd that regular cheap ass candy is just as expensive here as anywhere else (as others have pointed out), and when proposed next to their "fancy" desserts, the price of a box of Dots is ridiculous. So I get that people make mistakes and everyone has a bad day and all that, but while sitting and trying to watch the movie, the waiter carrying a bag of popcorn to someone behind me dumps the entire thing on my lap, and in my drink and all over my pizza. I don't mind so much... I'm just trying to watch Sandra Bullock float in space. However, he apologizes profusely and asks me what I was eating and drinking... I said "pizza and a coke zero." He takes my food and drink away and says he'll bring me replacements. He leaves me covered in popcorn shrapnel.Half an hour later, I get a replacement pizza... still no drink. I ask him again for a Diet Coke or Zero... about 15 minutes later, someone else hands me a Coke. Nope. Then another guy comes by and sweeps around me. All of this is REALLY fucking distracting while trying to watch a film. I ask someone else for a Coke Zero or Diet Coke... eventually, I get it. Then later, the guy bugs me again to give me a bag of popcorn "on the house" - uhh... thanks, but if I wanted popcorn, I would've ordered some in the first place. I get it though - nice gesture. I didn't eat any of it.Then the bill comes and the movie is over. The bill has 2 pizzas on it. I'm like, "WTF!?" I didn't even ask for a replacement pizza! We sit around waiting for someone to come by and nothing... I get up and go to find my waiter guy and he's disappeared. A girl who may have been a manager asks me what's up and I unload on her all of the anger and rage I had apparently stored up combined with all the tension and intensity created by the film I had just watched. She took my bill and said she would remove a pizza... then came back and said to just go ahead and leave without paying because their credit card machines were down. I gave her whatever cash I had on me and split... on the ride home, I decided that was dumb because she probably just pocketed it. Then I figured she probably earned it for listening to me say fuck a bunch of times loudly. Then I went back to wishing I had just left. They should've offered me my ticket(s) back and comped my drink and removed the extra pizza and apologized... or maybe offered passes to another show. They could've handled it way better than they did. I mean, spilling popcorn on me isn't even a big deal at all - they just kept making it worse and worse. As it stands, I probably won't be back.And Gravity was fucking top! It was so amazing, though I probably need to see it again without a bunch of bullshit going on around me.
3	Seats & floor was dirty with popcorn & spilt soda, movie was 30 mins late in starting
4	Now that I have experienced the AMC Dine-in Theatre, movie going will never be the same!I recently saw Gravity 3D in a Cinema Suite, and can say it will be hard to go back to a 'regular' theater: - Cinema Suites are 21 and over - no little kids talking, crying or kicking my seat! - Assigned seats - huge, comfortable reclining chairs even more cushy than my living room furniture.   - Full drink menu - gleefully drinking beer, I felt almost like we were breaking some sort of rule.  Perhaps it was flashbacks to sneaking drinks in to the movies long ago?  :) - Food choices - while not the most extensive or fancy menu, it was pretty cool to have Mac n Cheese at a movie.  And it was Good!  The Bistro Mac n Cheese was a generous portion of cheesy pasta with topped with nicely seasoned chicken breast.   So large I couldn't finish it (and I certainly tried!).Yes, it costs more than a typical movie theater, but it is so very worth it!
3	Last weekend, I went here to see 12 Years A Slave. Figured I might as well be comfortable in a reclining chair while watching a movie that was going to make me feel quite the opposite.PROS:-This movie theater is really nice, which isn't surprising considering the area.-Assigned seating. No having to get to a movie theater ultra early and risk breaking your neck in the front trying to see the screen. -Comfy chairs that recline. It's like being in your own living room!-It's totally okay to drink here, there's a full bar!-Because there's a full bar, it's 21 and over! No screaming children..unless you're just a screaming adult. In that case, stay at home and watch a movie. CONS:-Because it is really nice, tickets are a little pricey.-The upper levels, where I sat, have a railing that is too high. It renders the reclining chair pointless because I had to sit straight up and still struggled to see the entire screen. I mean.. I know I'm like 5'4" but c'mon! -Although there's a full bar, it's expensive and makes sneaking booze in more appealing here than a normal movie theater where you can't drink.-A bowl of popcorn (yes..a bowl, not a bag) is about $8 and only comes in one size. Overall, it was an enjoyable experience despite the cons. It definitely would not be my go-to movie theater, only if it was a movie I was really excited to see. I can imagine this would be a great first date place, especially if you're the type of person who worries about having nothing to talk about during dinner. No talking required if you're eating dinner in a quiet movie theater! And talk about efficient-if the date's bad it'll be over by the closing credits.
5	I just love this theater! It's made going to the movies fun again!!I highly recommend the cinema suites experience if you can swing it... Big reclining chairs coupled with a great theatre food & drink menu, make it the ultimate way to catch the latest flick! (also, the cinema suites are adults only!)I also recommend buying your tickets in advance online.  If you go to see more than a couple of movies a year, I would also consider joining the AMC stubs program, which waves of the online ticket fee, and gives you money back for $$ spent on tickets and concession items.  It costs $12/year to be a member, but I've made way more than that back in the year I've had it!Oh and if you've got a sweet tooth, I would suggest ordering the ice cream waffle sundae with bacon bits... Yum! TIP: Always remember to bring your parking stub from the garage downstairs up to the theater to be validated!
3	The waitress sneaks up on you and scares the crap out of you if you arent paying attention. They are ninjas here, or something. Besides being served food here, its a typical theatre. Nice big chairs which are comfortable to sit in an enjoy.I wish the lights next to each seat would turn off because it gets annoying that they stay on during the movie. I like it more dark.We only went because we had an AMC gift card and this is the closest to us. Otherwise if you dont plan on ordering over priced and visually un-appetizing food, go to another theatre
5	This place is so awesome that I literally can't stand to see movies at any other theater now.  I feel like I'm in international first class when I sit in the higher end "Cinema Suites."  I feel like I'm in my living room recliner with a server when I'm in the "Fork and Screen."  So basically, it's awesome.  Most comfortable theater in the Valley hands down.  The food and drinks are pretty good, and not insanely expensive either.  I can't stop going back.
5	This place was amazing.I was in town for business trip and had a free afternoon. Decided to take the bus down to the AMC. My only complaint, ONLY. No sign to advertise this theater from the ground floor. Me, like an idiot walked around the entire building not knowing the theater was on the third floor of the building. For a non-local it was hard to find.Once I got upstairs, I found they dont have box offices. Just kiosks to buy tickets. Very self explanatory. Easy. Once I purchased my ticket, an really nice guy directed me to my theater. Made chit chat about where I was from. Great service. In the lobby is a gigantic bar. Filled with booze and beer. I'm from Vegas, I like this bar! It felt like home :)I asked the guy where I can get popcorn and a drink. He said you just go in the theater and a waiter will serve you drinks and popcorn. What! 'Thats $&^%^ Awesome!' He replied that it is very awesome.The theater is huge. Very big. it was 4 in the afternoon so nobody was in the theater besides two other people. I ordered wings and a coke zero. Fast service, even got a free refill. Movie sound was great, huge screen. Little chilly in the theater, which is the way it should be :) I'll be back ! Suggesting it to all my traveling friends. Customer for Life !
4	Super large plush reclining chairs. The wall railing cut off like the bottom four inches of the screen unless i sat straight up. I also sat on the very back, so the wall may be taller back there?Service was quick and friendly.Parmesean fries were potent with the parmesean smell and pretty tasty.This place is comparable to the studio movie grill.... But a bit more intimate.
4	Went for a midnight showing... no waiting in line, comfortable seats, it was a great experience. Cinema suites is the way to go!
5	this made going to the movies fun again!very comfortable chairs.. spacious.. decent food.the servers were nice and courteous.  I really enjoyed going here.will definately come again!
4	Why haven't I reviewed this place yet?I've been to about a dozen different movies since Esplanade became a dine-in theater, and every experience has been great. On my most recent visit, the Hunger Games double feature, I was reminded why this place really is a gem: reserved seating. I'd purchased my ticket a month in advance because I'm just that much of a geek.Typically, I only order water and popcorn unless someone else is paying then I'll order a cocktail and entree. The cost for food really isn't that much more than a nice dinner out, and being able to combine dinner and a movie certainly is swell.
5	I love this theater.  I love that you get to reserve your own seat in advance.  No more rushing to the theater hoping to find a good seat.  I also love that you have a choice of a 21 or above only theater or general theater.  I do have to say that even in the general theater I have yet to have seen a child or baby.  It's been adults only so far.  The food and service is good.  At one screening the film start was delayed by 15 minutes and without complaint from anyone the manager came and gave everyone in the theater a pass to come back just for waiting.  Very good customer service.
4	Good! Service might of been a bit slow, but a movie and drinks...sounds good to me!
5	What a wonderful idea to get food and drinks while I watch a movie. If you have not been here then you have to go at least once. I went and watched the hunger games catching fire. The waiter was excellent in getting me what I wanted and didn't bug me through the whole movie, just the boring parts. :) The chairs were comfortable and roomy. I got to choose where I sat. The place was very clean and inviting. Great place to take a date.
4	I have been here several times and with the exception of my last visit, it has been a great experience (hence 4 stars). The difference between the Fork and Dine and the Cinema Suites is like business class vs. first class. Both are great but ones a little more plush. Food is good, service is good, it's comfortable,fun and a nice way to have lunch or dinner, a cocktail and a movie. I will continue to enjoy going here.
5	I've been to IPIC, studio movie grill...the other dine-in locations and this place was good. The food was great and the seats comfortable. The staff was professional and parking was easy. They validate parking at the front.
4	I absolutely love coming here to watch movies. Being able to pick my seat ahead of time and have a cocktail while watching a movie is awesome! The icing on the cake is the 21 and up cinema suites.  The food isn't bad but I normally eat elsewhere before heading here. If you're drinking, go for beer or cocktails, the wine is typically warm and a little overpriced. The beer gets you the most bang for your buck especially if you get a pitcher.
5	I absolutely loved this theater.Assigned very nice seat, full bar and restaurant..They had special Christmas drink and my peppermint snowball was so yummy. It tasted like peppermint and chocolate :)..Food was great too. Enjoyed my dinner.I would love to come back here for a date.
5	WOW!!! It's like every seat is first class! There is a server too that comes to check on you. It may bother some people during the movie, so caution on that. There was a food and drink menu and so I ordered the blue moon and was surprised it was served on draft in a cold glass! That's the stuff!!What I absolutely hated was the parking. It was my first time there and didn't know where to park so I circled around 4-5 times until I parked in the garage. You can have your parking validated at the box office. Once in the garage, it is tough to find the theater entrance. There were no signs and I kept walking toward the amc reflections, but those were reflections! So it was totally the wrong way. I had to ask some strangers where the theater was. But now I know where to go, it'll be a lot more enjoyable experience.
2	Reserving specific seats is nice and the kids serving were polite, but  the rest of the concept and execution doesnt work for me. It's too dark to see menus, trailers are too loud to easily communicate with wait staff (let alone your companion), and  settling tabs during films is inevitably distracting.  I'm told their Cinema Suites format is more spacious than our "Fork & Screen" option,  but when the 400 pound patron in front of me descended into his Playskool-strength theatre seat - and into my knees with the force of a medium speed car accident, that less than luxurious 'impression' evoked something more akin to "Fuck & Scream" -  I literally blurted "Fuck" and screamed at  the bone cracking pain  radiating from both patellas. When I slid over behind fatso's 100+ pound wife, she's banging into me too, so it's not their fault. The seats are just cheap, with lousy springs and they're hard to settle into comfortably.  I was kicked from behind periodically.  All by adults btw.  It's interesting how many yelpers rip kids and seem to feel 'adults only' or food/bev service somehow conveys a first class experience.  To me it felt more like a bad coach flight; cabin lighting's busted and some douchebag's  reclining into your space.
4	A few things I heart about this theater is:1) Ability to purchase tickets online, which allows you to reserve seats & avoid lines so you can show up last minute.2) Comfy seats and some recline...yummy! 3) Having a serverAreas needing improvement:1) The food! Oh gosh, if you're going to sell this place as a dine in theater amp it up AMC! In this case simple is better. Go with the classic movie foods: hotdogs, pretzels, roasted almond. Just amp up the quality to differentiate yourselves from the other movie theaters. Make them gourmet classics. Even Ipic got that right! All in all it's a fun way to watch a movie, convenient & comfortable but the food makes me miss the classic movie theaters.
4	It would be cool if the waiters menu tablets signalized with the call buttons, creates a bit of lag waiting for them if they're not around or see your light right away. Otherwise convenient, comfortable and decent menu. Mac and cheese, chicken tenders, etc., and bottomless popcorn!
3	I don't really see the appeal of this theatre. Yes, you can order food while watching a movie...but the food isn't good, it's over priced, and you have to deal with waiters walking around throughout your movie talking to people and taking orders. Not to mention you have to pay your bill during the last few minutes of the movie...very distracting.  We shared the app trio with fries, jalapeno poppers, and a BLT flatbread....the food all tasted like it could have just as well come out of the freezer, overly salty...nothing special. Additionally, it was awkward to share as I had to reach across the seat to get anything (there's no table between the pair of seats).The seats themselves were fine, but nothing special. My biggest complaint is that the movie ticket price itself is more expensive than other AMC locations....why? To have the ability to order food in the theatre that you also have to pay for? It just seems silly to me. Maybe I'm crazy...but I think it's nice to go to dinner and actually talk to the people you are with before going to the movies and don't think you should have to pay extra to have the option of ordering food.....Anyway, sorry for the rant, if this is something you are interested in doing, I suppose this location is as good as any other, but I wouldn't go again.
2	ok this place is really nice and fancy!me and my friend is been coming to this place 2 or 3 times a week i dont mine spending that much money because i really enjoy coming to this place and its close in my house.but for the past 6 months have raise the price!it was 9.50 each person then.then it became 12.00 each person then on new year it was 13.00 dollars already that is abusing customers and taking advantage the people!we wont be back in this place anymore...they lost us as a customer!
5	Cinema suites! Recliners are the best!  We've gone to a total of 4 movies in the Cinema Suites over 2 visits.  We rarely go to movies when we're home.  The menu is solid.  Every item we ordered (dessert, drinks, entrees) were good.  The tickets for the Cinema Suites are a few dollars more, but the experience is worth the extra money.  You get to choose your seats when you purchase your tickets.  Therefore, you don't have to worry about getting to the theater early to get a good seat.  The commercials and trailers are a bit too long (or maybe I just don't go to enough movies in the theaters).  I'm in the reclined position with a drink in my hand, so I don't mind the extra 15 minutes of trailers.
5	This is absolutely my favorite place to watch a movie.  The comfy Lazy Boy like recliners are awesome!  The menu selection and food is great.  I love the service as well.  If you have never been, you will absolutely love it and return again and again.
5	The only way to watch a movie, this is the best movie theater in Phoenix, little costly but worth it for watching a movie while seating in a reclining lazy-boy and a full bar and the food is pretty good..
3	The place is nice, a little messy, but it is a lot nicer than most dine in movie theaters. The food is overpriced and nothing like what is shown on the menu. Expect fast food quality food for twice the cost.
2	Came for a 2nd time! HORRIBLE HORRIBLE SERVICE! Ordered 3 drinks durning the previews, received them 45 minutes later. The comped the overpriced stale popcorn, so that was....a try. iPic is still the place, but this place gets 1 more shot from me. Sink or swim, its up to them......
4	Very fun experience -- we ordered the white cheese nachos, and they were pretty yummy. I thought the ticket prices were very fair. I'm giving it four stars instead of five because I thought the wine was pretty overpriced. Come on, people, more than fifteen bucks for a glass of Cupcake malbec??Even so, we had a good time. We'll definitely come back if we're in the Phoenix area and want an out-of-the-ordinary movie-watching experience.
3	Love the chairs and the screen experience.Parts I don't like: While at the bar I noticed the bar back drop some clean cups and water pitchers on the floor as he opened a cabinet. I watched to see if they would clean them after, but they didn't. They took them and filled them with water to be used in the movies. This kind of grossed me out. For god sake if it touches the floor it shouldn't touch your mouth! If I were the manager I would have made those kids use a cup I had just put on the dirty floor.Alcoholic drinks are really expensive considering how much ice they put in the cups, food and soda is only slightly expensive considering you are in a movie and soda refills are free. My girlfriends mojito didn't taste good at the bar, but the bar tender agreed to add more syrup to correct the flavor.I would go back, but hope they increase their sanitary standards and lower cocktail prices.
4	Was so glad when I found out about this place because I love the Cinema Suites! It is similar to iPic but way less as expensive and just as good, in it's own way. Love how you press the button for service if you want to order and the great seats that recline. The only downside was that the wall in front of us kind of blocked the screen when you reclined the chair. Other then that, love it! I can't go to a regular theater anymore!
1	Ok so if you sit in the top row you cannot see the whole screen. The wall blocks the bottom 1/3 of the screen and they know it. Poor waiter knows about the problem and did all he could but in the end it's still bs. Premium cost for sub par seats. Be warned this place sucks for watching a movie. Go to arrowhead instead it works.
2	I will inevitably return to this place since it is the closest theater to me, but now I know what to expect for next time. I got an aisle seat and ordered some grub. I picked some coconut tenders, thinking they would be an easy finger food during the movie. At $13 (and another extra $1 for my truffle fries), I was very surprised that the tenders were just like longer versions of chicken mcnuggets and I didn't bother eating them. The truffle fries were pretty good though my waiter didn't seem to care that what I thought of the tenders either. Also, they charge you the regular movie theater price for coke - around $5. I figured at $5, it would come in a big cup like regular movie theaters or whatever. Oh, no, it comes in a restaurant sized coke glass filled to the top with ice and very little soda. They sometimes give you refills. I say sometimes because around 40-50 minutes before the movie ended, my waiter asked me if I wanted a refill. I said sure. 20 minutes later when he brought the check, he said it was "coming soon", but I never got it. I don't mind returning to watch movies, but dinner is another story.
4	had watch Ride Along with my date. Its upscale I get it but even for Upscale its ridiculously high priced. Popcorn is 8? Seriously? Skip it and order food. My shrimps were cooked to perfection. Drinks on the other hand were over priced. Next time ill try the recliners and see what the fuss is about. I really use to like Studio Movie grill until they decided to change their menu and got rid of all the good items. Never going there for sure.
4	We live in Glendale, so this theater isn't exactly our local neighborhood theater. When we go here, it's planned out in advance and not very often. We've been here twice. The first time we used cinema suites and the second time "fork and screen." The first time was amazing, but then again if you're in a recliner drinking wine watching a movie can you find anything bad with it? We went back a second time a few weeks ago, this time we ended up in the fork and screen theater. I was disappointed this theater didn't have recliners, but that was my fault for not checking. In my opinion, I would exclusively use this theater for the cinema suites option. Never doing fork and screen again. We had a family sitting by us with a toddler that seemed to not realize they weren't in their own living room, and allowed the child to make all kinds of noise and ruckus throughout the movie. I'm not sure how the staff didn't hear this, because I sure did, but who knows, maybe they did and they just didn't want to say anything. I know I sure wouldn't in this whole "kiss the customer's ass" world we live in. I emailed the manager after we got home and told him about our experience and he apologized and said he'd talk with the staff about how to handle incidents like that. Either way, if you go to this theater - cinema suites, all the way. They're 21+,  no exceptions which is great if you're like me and it bugs you when people bring kids into not kid appropriate movies.
1	Oh my God, the service is horrible. As I write this, I have been here 20 minutes in a half-filled theatre, and no waiter. I was refused service at the bar, not because I was underaged, but because I was buying a drink for my wife and me, I was supposed to bring her ID along.Do yourself a favor: drive the extra miles to iPic Theaters. Better facilities, better service.
4	Very nice movie theatre. I didn't order any food, but I did order an Angry Orchard Cider on tap which was perfect! Our server was Jason and he was one of the nicest people I've encountered at a movie theatre. He was very prompt and somehow said everything with a smile. The reason I didn't give another star is because the seats were a little uncomfortable. I'm fairly tall with long legs and any time I repositioned myself I would accidentally kick the seat in front of me. I'll pay more attention to where the seats are located to check for more leg room next time.
1	There was no server available at all this is happened three times we were only two people in the whole theater do yourself a favor and go to Harkins instead
4	Love this place - Definitely prefer the Cinema Suites to the Fork and Screen.  At Cinema Suites you get a full on horizontal recliner!  It is an amazing way to watch at movie.  I would definitely recommend buying tickets in advance, sometimes it sells out or you will have trouble getting two together.  The food is pretty good - mostly just regular ole stuff like chicken fingers, salads, burgers, etc.  There is also an alcohol menu.  As I expected, the food and drinks are pretty pricey, but it's worth the splurge when you are going for a big night out to the movies.  Definitely unique and super comfortable way to watch a movie!
5	I love this theatre. The first time my husband took me there as a surprise I was so impressed! The Cinema Suite are amazing. Each person has there own extremely comfortable recliner. I have had many meals here and the food is pretty good. The big bonus about this theatre is that they have alcohol! It is so fun to enjoy a beer or cocktail as you recline and watch a movie :) It is a bit more expensive than other theatres, but so very worth it! Especially for a treat.
4	If I could give separate ratings for the movie theater experience and the restaurant/bar experience, I would give the theater a 4 star rating and the bar/restaurant a 2 or 3 star rating. Here's why:The movie theater is probably my preferred choice in the Phoenix metro area. Christown? No freakin' way. I don't want to get shot on the way to my car. Tempe marketplace? Not unless you want to watch 17-year olds make out in every row. Arizona Center, nope. Not there, either.  The theater is pretty clean, and paying the extra two bucks to sit in giant, reclining chairs, have an assigned seat, not deal with kids talking, etc. is totally worth it, IMO. I can just purchase my tickets online and avoid having to wait in line or the possibility that the showing will be sold out. Genius.Parking is in an attached garage and is free when you remember to validate.Honestly, the only negative thing I really have to say about the theatre itself is that every time I go into a restroom there, the first stall is always out of tp. Always. Sometimes the second, too. The bathrooms seem to be cleaned and maintained regularly, except for this detail, which kind of turns into a big detail when there are twenty women waiting in line for the bathroom when the movie gets out. It must be the Murphy's Law of movie theatre bathrooms. Ugh. The bar/restaurant is mehhh. If it were just a stand alone restaurant, it wouldn't be anywhere I'd frequent for the food itself. Think an above-average Applebee's. But having the option to actually order real food (and DRINKS!) in the theatre is pretty neat. The waitstaff always does a good job of not being disruptive during the movie, and are usually very friendly. Candy/soda/popcorn can also be ordered, at pretty typical movie theatre prices. But again, not having to stand in line with 50 other people for a package of red vines and a sprite makes it SO worth it.Lastly, there are two theatre types. Cinema Suites and Fork & Screen. When you go online to check showtimes/purchase tickets, it shows you what type of theatre every particular showing is in. There's usually some in each type of theatre for each movie. This is where it gets kinda weird-fork and screen is fine, I would still come here if that was the only type of theatre. Still a comfy chair in a way better theatre. But after sitting in the cinema suites, you won't want to go back. Huge seats (that recline! woot!) and way more space in between the groups of seats. Because the last thing you want is to be sitting THIS CLOSE to a stranger who's apparently never eaten a taco before and loves to elbow bump all movie long.
4	You can't really beat this theater for a great movie experience.  Here's what you need to know:1.  You park in the back (I believe its off of 24th st).  Get a ticket from the parking garage and then have it validated before you leave.  The parking is free!2.  If you exit the parking garage on the 1st floor, you need to take the escalator up to the second level.  This threw me off the first time.3.  You can purchase your ticket and reserve your seat head of time!  This is great for opening weekends.4.  There is a full menu and drink list.  I'm still a sucker for the popcorn though!5.  Saturday afternoons are more inexpensive than evening shows - something to keep in mind if you are on a budget!6.  The seats are big & comfy and have a little side table for your food drinks!
2	First of all, the parking is difficult. I've only been to the Esplanade a couple of times before, but there is so much "reserved" parking, that it's difficult to find a visitor space, much less park anywhere near the theater. I do however appreciate that AMC validates for a 4 hour time frame, so that easily covers the movie/dinner experience.We stopped by on Monday, for an 11:15 am showing. Got in pretty fast, got seated, had our meals picked out by 11, pushed the buttons and by 11:10, still no waiter. My husband went out looking for someone, there was no one in sight. Finally, just a minute before the movie was to start, the waitress hurried in and said there were 4 movies starting at the same time and only 2 people in the waitstaff. From there, things didn't get a lot better: they mixed up our drinks (easily solved, we switched). They mixed up our food (in the dark, we never did figure out whose was whose, since we both picked a different quesadilla) but it tasted ok. I tried to get a refill on my iced tea, but that took another 15 minutes. Ultimately the only thing that moved quickly was the bill.My experience with dine-in theaters is limited to Scottsdale's Studio Movie Grill. Their food isn't that great, I would say AMC Esplanade is much better in that regard. Esplanade is also cleaner, but hands down SMG has better service. I might try Esplanade again to see if this is a weekday thing, but I feel that a business should be consistent.
5	I love this place! The customer was amazing for a first time impression for my family & the food was very delicious. I'll be back for my next's movie. Great job!
4	Amazing place. We are from Washington so this was our first AMC experience and it was excellent. Love how you just push a button on your seat and the server brings you everything. The wait on the popcorn was a little long comparative to getting our other food and drinks. They even validated 4hrs of parking from the garage.
1	Absolutely one of the worst experiences I have ever had at a movie theater. My boyfriend and I decided to see a 10PM movie on a Thursday evening. Theater was full and they had one server taking care of all the guests. We are both in the service industry, there for we don't mind having to wait for an order to be taken when we know someone is busy, or when a mistake is made on a bill. However, all we ordered was ONE cherry coke and a water. Hmmm, about $4, that's fine! Get our bill, and we are charged for 3 drinks and a $9 popcorn. Not us, so I asked the waitress to please change it. She comes back and now the cherry coke is taken off, we are still charged with two drinks that we did not order, and the stupid popcorn. A wreck to say the least when everyone is trying to sign their bills and give them to the server who is nowhere to be found. We finally let her know, and she grabs a manager, awesome! Then the 12-year old looking young "manager" comes over to us, "oh ok I'll take those off and your coke will be $4.75" WHY would we pay for a coke when you did not even ask us what was wrong? Very unprofessionally handled by her, although the server did the right thing to grab a manager. We were not happy that we weren't even given the time of day to explain what happened, and still had to pay for a drink that costs the theater probably 10 cents to provide. It is noisy, you hear everyone clinking their plates and forks around, the servers are always in your face with an iPod looking ordering system that has a brightness level of 1000% and obviously the managers could give less than a s*** about any problem you have. Needless to say we will NOT be back.
3	I really enjoy coming to this theater for a little "treat yo' self" as a fun alternative to a regular theater. We like to grab seats in the cinema suites if we can - there's nothing better than feeling like an extra in wall-e as you recline in giant red leather chairs pushing a button for someone to come wait on you as you enjoy fine theatrical entertainment. It is straight up American relaxation. The drinks are pretty delicious - I would suggest the electric lemonade or the southern slammer. I think my only complaint is the food. For $12 chicken fingers, I would expect more than pre-formed frozen chicken strips that I could get in a high school cafeteria. But I will forgive the chicken strips. Because lounging in those comfy chairs instead of praying someone doesn't sit in front of me in a regular theater with a drink in my hand is totally worth the extra $5 in my world.
4	I really like this place, I haven't tried out iPic yet so can't compare.  The food is pretty much higher end bar-style food, which is good.  I've been about a dozen times and only had one experience where the food was pretty mediocre.  Likewise only one experience where the service was sub-par.I would suggest going to the Cinema Suites showings, the seating in the Fork and Screen isn't any better than regular theaters, and you'd be better off having dinner outside the movie if you aren't in the Cinema Suites.  The second comment is they don't tend to show enough variety of films on the Cinema Suites screens.  It has been getting better though.If I had two wishes it would be that they convert more of the theaters into Cinema Suites and drop the Fork and Screens altogether.  Second would be a bit of a bump in the food, as it stands, it's just below Applebee's or Chilli's, which isn't bad,  I just wish the food was good enough to want to go there for the food.Advice:1. Park in the rear, and remember to validate your ticket, do it when you get in the door... it seems like the escalators are down a lot, I'd suggest parking on the 2nd or 3rd floor so you can use the elevator.2. If you are planning on going to a recent movie on Friday or Saturday, get your ticket online ahead of time.3. The price for alcohol drinks is relatively higher than restaurant bars, so be prepared for that. Though it isn't quite twice as much or more like soft drinks.4. I find that the second, and third rows are a bit better for seating... there's a small wall in front of the higher rows that in my opinion isn't as nice, and when reclining I don't like watching through my feet.All in all, I keep coming back, I go to the movies 3-4 times a month, and for the past six months at least half of those have been at this theater.
2	Summary: I am consistently underwhelmed here. For the price, it should be so much better.  The concept is wonderful! And I always have a good time when I go, but the food is only so-so, often cold by the time it gets to my seat, the service is hit or miss, depending on what time and day it is, and it is impossible to get someone on the phone when calling in. Make sure to get reservations a week or so in advance for weekend shows.Food: I have gotten the tenderloin tips a few times, and sometimes they are good, and sometimes they are too salty and the meat is poor quality. The broccoli is delicious though! When I got the fettuccine alfredo with chicken, noodles were clumped together and the sauce was lacking something.  Very bland.  Anything fried comes out cold, including fish or fries.  Salads are okay, heavy on the sauce though.  Popcorn is unlimited, but when they are busy it takes a long time to get refills.  Same with soda.On a particular day, I had bought tickets ahead of time, and needed to change them. I got stuck in this awful loop of automated voices kicking me back and forth from their store to the 800 number over, and over, and over again. It was awful.  I spent 20 mins trying to find some sort of corporate number or something and eventually gave up.  Eventually i found a number for corporate, and they informed me that they don't really have the man power to have someone assigned to the phones at the stores. When I am paying $50 for a movie and dinner for one person, they should have the funds for this.On a particular night where my food didn't come, then it was wrong, and the staff was unsympathetic to my plight, I decided I was done with the theatre.  Then they sent me a survey asking how they did. I filled it out honestly. I received an email with a phone number to the store's manager, so I called.  Guess who answered? That same automated bs loop! I was pissed.  So I wrote Mr. Garcia (the manager handling this) and told him exactly what I thought and that I couldn't call to give him the feedback he wanted.  When he called me back a week later, he seemed stoned or lazy or something. He was passive and unprofessional.  He said he sent me passes for a free show and I never received them.  That was 2 months ago.So, in conclusion, I do not go here any more.
5	Been here 4 times and the food is just great.  Today I had the pizza and it was the best I've ever had. Have not had an avg or bad meal here.  Far better food then most restaurants in town.
4	PROS: Easy parking, love picking my seats online, comfortable seating (I always do the Cinema Suites), don't have to worry about noisy teenagers/kids, drinks & snacks brought to our seats.CONS: Unless you're a group of guys who are all 6ft or taller, don't choose seats in the back row or the bottom 1/4th-1/3rd of the screen will be cut off.  The food isn't bad, but it isn't great either.It's still our #1 date theatre    =o)
4	**Update:Went again, and tried the Fork & Screen. The seats are SO comfortable, and worth the extra money! The people were very friendly, and helpful. Definitely made up for the discrepancies on the past! Added a star! :)The theatre itself is great! Comfy seating, and who wouldn't like their food delivered to them during the movie!The food is good - it is rather pricey, but everything I've ordered has been great! The two different pasta bowls (one chicken and one shrimp) are GREAT!! You could also just order drinks and popcorn/candy to keep the bill low.The first two times I went there the staff was VERY nice. They greeted you at the door and offered to help find your seat. The last two times I've been, the service was dreadful! I'm not sure what changed! The first time our waitress was fairly rude and I'm pretty sure they did not get our order in. We were quite a ways into our movie (and everyone else had been served) before our food came - and we had to ask our waitress who assured us it was on it's way (it arrived 15 minutes after that!)Our visit today was the worst! We bought tickets online so we could pick our seats, and we arrived 40 minutes early. We were in our seats 30 minutes before the movie started, and we weren't even offered drinks until 2 minutes before the movie started. Many other people were seated and served, while we waited. We both pushed our buttons, and nothing. The waitress was nice when she came to take our order, but we were pretty put off at that point. It's a real pain to get there so early and be completely ignored! And there were lots of servers just standing around outside which was annoying! It has such good potential, and was great the first couple of times, but seems to have really gone downhill. I hope they get better servers and turn the place back around! We're going to try one of the other dine-in theaters next!
4	This is def 1 of my Absolute Favor8 places 2 go every opportunity I can & I'd luv 2 give them a Perfect score but unfortun8ly out of the countless Xs I've been there, my 1st experience there doesn't allow 4 that 2 b the case. Guess it's pretty impressive that out of all those Xs since, it's been nothing but an EXCEPTIONAL experience Every single time in service & food (other than WAY 2 much salt on popcorn once), but it still can't take away what wasn't handled as it should have been 4 the 1st impression. Have dined in both the fork & screen & the Cinema Suites (both r Gr8 but our preference is the Suites: b~n roomier & more luxurious)!   My 1st visit was 4 a special occasion 2 celebr8 the birthday of my very special guest.  Unfortun8ly it never fails, there was a crazy lady seated 2 our left in the row behind us.  I'd like 2 think she had tourette's syndrome but found out rather quickly she was a deliber8 instig8or &/or a bitter attention wh*re hag who was trying 2 ruin every1 else's time, not just immedi8ly around her but in the entire theater. 4 whatever reason (in her head) she put most of her focus upon us.     It was well b4 the previews & the server was explaining everything 2 us while taking our initial order of appetizers & drinks.  She kept clearing her throat way 2 loud whenever any1 was ordering anything but when our server came back w/ our drinks, she loudly said "Gonna order anymore b*tch?" right as the noise of the present preview ended.  Every1 including our server looked @ her as she tried 2 play off not saying it while loudly eating her tub of popcorn worse than the cookie monster off Sesamee Street.     We assumed our w8er left 2 notify management but that wasn't the case.  She continued w/ her antics throwing her popcorn & insults all through the final preview & on in2 the start of the movie.  My guest went 2 notify management & 2 c if the w8er was in process of doing so.  I sat there clenching the arm rest trying not 2 turn in2 a She~Hulk while we were missing the opening.    Our w8er was busy tending 2 his orders but confirmed what had happened 2  management which my guest relayed.  Returning, he came back w/ some lady "manager" (using that term very loosely) confronting the lady who immedi8ly burst in2 tears playing the victim & claiming she had a headache & would apologize 2 us after the show (like that was supposed 2 make everything ok/understood).    Then the manager approached me & I told her if that woman didn't like the fact that this was a dine~in cinema she could go 2 a regular theater (as she's still chowin' down on her popcorn like nothing happened~crocodile tears dried) & that we were in no way being loud or disruptive (unlike her).  We were told not 2 talk 2 her & that "she said she'd apologize 2 us after the movie."  We're thinking, What?? So ur not going 2 take care of the problem that the entire theater was having 2 deal w/ & then tell US not 2 talk 2 her when nothing warranted this HARASSMENT of US & some1 trying 2 ruin things 4 others?  Sorry, that's NOT good enough!!    The PROBLEM should have been REMOVED/had 2 LEAVE especially since the w8er confirmed what happened as the entire theater could.  It SHOULD have been CORRECTED even if it meant giving psycho lady off~her~meds a refund!!  Sad part is that doesn't even apply 2 her as everything was so blatantly intentional.  Part of HER PROBLEM trying 2 project on2 others seems 2 b she had an issue w/ others ordering from the menu while she only had popcorn.  And if she wasn't such a nasty miserable being, we might have actually paid anonymously 4 her 2 select something 4 herself.     Shame on that so~called "manager", thus the 4 instead of 5* rating!!  The only apology we got was from our server (we didn't care 2 hear from the wierdo lady who should b gr8ful we're the people we r instead of following her 2 her car or residence) but replied "unfortun8ly we can't control the actions/behavior of others but something can b done when these situ8ions/nuisances present themselves & SOMETHING should have been!"  Then a couple following behind us on the way out of the theater said "oh yeah that crazy lady was Horrible, WE almost left ~ Absolutely NO excuse 4 that!"  Glad 2 know obviously we weren't the only 1s feeling that way...
4	Firstly I want to say that service here was just phenomenal! Alexander served us tonight while we watched captain America and we had a good time.Do expect a large amount of white noise from all the other patrons eating. The servers walk around and deliver food and it all provides for a rather distracting experience. I'm not sure I would go for a movie that I really want to enjoy, but if you're here to drink beer and watch The Expendables, than you are in the right place! Cheers!
5	My roomate has worked at this theater for past 3 years, and let me tell you, this is the best theater I've ever been too. I mean you get to eat great food and watch a movie in recliners! You can even order alcohol if you'd like!Overall, this theater is super friendly, clean, great food, good quality sound and picture, and very comfortable seats.
1	Repulsive food, little better than what you would get on an airplane.  Priced about 10 times more. I swear I just ate McNuggets that cost $15. Bland, obviously frozen. Had to ask twice for my drink, then got billed twice for one drink. Delighted to find that I also paid for the food for the gentleman sitting next to me as well. In their defense the staff was quick to fix the problems. Not rude, just clueless. Main issue is theater full of texting people during the movie. So rude. Wish this state had an Alamo Drafthouse.
4	I was excited to hear that there was a place like this after Farelli's closed. The seating was a bit confusing at first to know what to pick from never being there before. But once we got in and seated we fell in love with the huge cushion recliners. The drinks were fine but a bit pricey. I ordered a type of nacho and it was really good but greasy and hard to find the jalpenos in the dark. My husband had the parm fries and they were awesome! I wsih there was one of these on the west side because I would totally be frequenting it more!
5	This is a Quality over Quantity decision, folks.You pay a premium for these seats, but they are easily 2x as comfortable, you aren't crowded with others, there are no screeming kids in strollers, in general this is a more upscale audience where you are not likely to get in the middle of a gang fight, etc.For me, I made the decision to take my family's usual movie going schedule, and spend 1/2 of those seeing a movie at home with Redbox for $1, and half the time taking my family to this theater, paying $2-5 per ticket premium, and having more fun.The food is Applebees in a theater, basically, with a $3-4 premium per dish for getting served at your seat.  Again, if you were going to an Applebees quality restaurant, pay the premium.  It's fun.  If you wanted upscale, there are lots of restaurants in the complex or across the street (use the tunnel, it's cool!).One thing I recommend is skipping the popcorn.  It's a small bag, isn't as fresh as a usual theater, and runs $8.  No thanks.  If you want to spend $8, spend it on real food or candy.  For me, the difference between watching a movie in a theater like Harkins Christown or in AMC Esplanade is like the difference between First Class and a middle seat in Coach on a 12 hour transoceanic flight.  Yes, it's that big.  But it only costs $2-4 per ticket premium folks.That's money well spent.  I mean, for me, it's a complete, total, no-brainer.By the way, unlike the other reviews, the adults only theaters ARE more comfortable seats, but not THAT much more comfortable.  So if you have an equal choice, go with the adults only theater seats, but if not, don't be scared... still do it.
4	I've been to this theater several times. It is a bit pricey compared to most. I invited a friend to this facility. And OMG! he is still complaining about the admission. That was my fault. I should have given him a heads up. I like the place. You can choose your seating when you purchase your ticket(s). The seating is VERY comfortable...oversized, recycling seats! Don't sit on the very back row...you won't get the full effects of the these seats.Staff come around before the start of the show to take your food and beverage order. However, you can purchased a beverage and/or eat prior to entering the theater. The staff has always been pleasant and knowledgeable of the menu items as well as the what's currently playing.There is plenty of garage parking. Staff will validate your ticket.
5	Love this place! No waiting in line because you have assigned seating that you get to choose, reclining seats, a meal and most of all grown ups only (21 over suites/alcohol available). No one kicking your seat, talking through the movie or phone screens lighting up from texting.  Is the ticket pricey...Yes, but worth every penny!!!
4	Movie time!  We went to see "Chef"  what a great movie!  The food this time however left much to be desired.  I always have the Thai Bang Shrimp Tacos and this time the corn tortillas were old and dried out, and there was almost no shrimp to speak of.  My hubby had the Coconut chicken tenders and he did like those.  The rest of the experience was good as usual and this will not prevent us from coming back.  I just may ask this time if they changed the recipe.
1	My husband and friend went to see "The Other Women" on 5-25 and had a family behind us that had a 10 month old who cried often (of course it was his nap time) and then with his boredom he tipped over glasses and kept pushing the service buttom, The 2 women had their phones on talking out loud. When we complained to the manager he told us that babies/children were allowed in the theatre in the am and afternoons and they weren't allowed to ask families to leave. The manager was extremely arrogant and continued to insult our sensibilities with stupid excuses how children prevailed even though before the movie the rest of us are told to turn our phones off and not to disturb others during the movie. I have never had this experience with Harkin's anywhere in the Valley, and even though this is considered a higher class establishment i would rate it very low. I was told that you have to attend movies where kids aren't welcomed  (theatre's 1-7),  however what if you want to see that peticular movie?  This was by NO means a child's movie much less an appropriate movie for a baby. We purchased our seats and the theatre was full and small so moving wasn't an option. My husband and friend are post cancer patience's so attending a movie at night is difficult for them.  Be aware of this place, know the rules and stay away during the day with theatre's (8-14 ).If there is a movie you want to see don't go there if it's during the day in the movie theatre's allowing babies and children.  They gave us free tickets to come back but after being insulted by the rude manager, I returned them and told him to give them to someone who cares. We will never step back in this place again. I am in Pediatrics and love children, but not all parents are insightful enough to respect others when they go to the movies. And, then again, I guess they knew what they were doing because their poor choices are reinforced by the Management.  Our first 2 times there were very nice but this last time was our last. Good Luck and be very paranoid.
4	My husband and I love going to see movies, so for my birthday he took me here because it was highly recommended. I had such an amazing time! It was so nice to go to a theater where anyone under 18 had to be accompanied by an adult. It cuts down on the obnoxious teenager factor. The service was amazing. I was skeptical at first because I thought that servers walking around was going to disturb the movie but it didn't. The food was great and we loved that you could order food in the lobby while you wait for your movie. I just have 3 complaints: the ticket prices are so expensive, but considering they have to pay wages to the servers, I get why they increase the tickets, but still, $20 is a bit much. They also don't have student discounts to lower those prices. My last complaint is that the movie selection isn't as high as some of the other theaters so it was difficult to find a movie that both my husband and I wanted to see. So 4 stars for me because of the down sides, so an overall good time for me.
5	I went to see "X-men: Days of Future Past" 3D in one of the Cinema Suites. The powered recliners are AWESOME! I was in row D, but in the future will only sit in lower rows as you can't fully recline without cropping out some of the bottom part of the screen. The theater was about 70% full by my estimation (25-30 people) and based on other reviews I was certainly worried about noise from people ordering food, etc. However, I found it to be a non-issue. It was maybe a little noisy for the first 10-15 mins of the movie, but it was so minimal that it's barely remarkable. There's such a drop in height from one row to the next that I think it prevents one from really being bothered by what's going on in rows that are in front/behind them. Also, I didn't feel that it was really any brighter after the movie started than it would be at any other "regular" theater. However, the little call/menu light was reflecting off of the inside of my 3D glasses. So, I took the cloth napkin and had it covering the light for most of the movie. For non-3D movies, I don't think this would be a problem. I ordered the Jalapeno Chipotle Burger with Parmesan Fries and it was HUGE and also pretty tasty. Not the best burger I've ever had, but good.The servers were really attentive, but not annoying. All in all, I was pretty impressed and feel that the $6-7 mark-up over a traditional first-run theater ticket is worth it, even if you don't get anything to eat.
2	SSLLOOOWWW service.Had three different people serving us so no wonder one drink was forgotten till we asked again for it.Had to inquire when food would be delivered, it took so long.Check was handed to us without asking if we wanting anything more.Seats not so comfortable. If I wanted to recline, I'd stay home.Don't go hungry.
3	I reeeeallyyy wanted to love this theater!  Everyone kept raving about it, supposedly the best in Phoenix.  We arrived & were def wowed by the nice lobby & bar.  The seats we definitely not the most comfortable compared to the other AMC theaters & I found it really distracting with the clanging of forks, drinks being dropped on the floor, servers walking back & forth etc.  I know it's the whole experience that's supposed to be neat but I just didn't find it to be my cup of tea.  The sign said the theater we were in was 21 & older but there were tons of loud kids in there which confused me. I also wish there was an option to turn off the light on the side of your seat when you're done eating.  I found it to be pretty bright.Glad we checked it off our list but we probably won't be running back anytime soon.
5	This is pretty much the only theater I go to.  Yes they have increased the prices a little since it first opened up but it's still cheaper than the over rated Ipic in Scottsdale.  The seats are always super comfy and the food is actually really good.  The food is about average price but the drinks can get pricey.  How can you complain though about getting to eat dinner and have a drink while watching a movie! One thing to stay away from though are the milkshakes (might as well be ice cream flavored milk) and the burgers I haven't had much luck with as you can't get them cooked to order.  Just about everything else I've tried has been great though.
1	So last year we came to see a movie. We ordered some burgers... Well there was a hair in my burger, which made it pretty impossible to enjoy the movie after that. They did get me an all new burger which was good and had no hairs but I don't think I will be coming back.
3	Nice seats...pricey over - fluffed menu. Truffle fries? Really?  Got the chicken fingers with thai sauce...was just ok...next time I'll just go for the booze!!
4	So, for $16.50, you can get an oversized, leather reclining chair w/a side table and swivel tray over your lap, and fab view of the picture? I think it's money well spent. It's like flying first class - once you've got a taste of it, it's hard to go back to Coach. I felt like a true baller, I really did.I do, however, wish AMC would consider bumping their OVERLY inflated meal/drink prices. I paid $4.50 for a Coke Zero? That hurt, it did. I didn't eat any food, but my friend's fries smelled heavenly.Oh, and I wld also suggest better signage for parking. I got lost/trapped when parking at Gallagher Kennedy. I shrugged this off and found my way to AMC parking, but hit 2 dead ends in the garage by their loading dock. But, maybe that's just me.
1	If there was a zero star button I would have selected it. Definitely the worse customer service I have ever received my entire life. The guy who gives out tickets is incredibly rude! I have been coming to this theater since 2005 and then stopped going about 2 years ago because of the staff change. This location is literally down the street from my house and I still would 100% rather go to any Harkins (Tempe Marketplace 20-30mins away!) Than to ever go back to amc esplanade again.  I just recently went to try out the dine - in experience and watch a movie. The second I walked up to the ticket counter was when it all went downhill. I'm sure by reading these previous reviews, everyone is talking about the same guy I'm talking about. They really need to reevaluate their staff. Horrible!
4	I have gone back a few times, and received much better service each time! Food and drinks are still a bit pricey for what you get, but I would recommend going.
3	We had no idea how this place worked. The movie we saw was hilarious, and how great to watch it while relaxing in comfort?However, the food was terrible. Save your money. We had the blue cheese wedge salad and lime chicken burger. The wedge salad was three chunks of iceberg lettuce. The menu doesn't cater to people who are trying to eat in a healthy way. Fried this, fried that. Go here if you want to watch a movie in comfort, perhaps having a drink, after you have had dinner somewhere else.
4	I've been wanting to check this place out and I'm so glad we did. This place is awesome! We purchased our tickets online (highly recommend you do this to get the best seating) and were pleased to find out that there was a 4 hour parking validation provided for the garage. We sat in the cinema suites and the chairs and service were amazing. The movie experience was perfect and the prices on foods and drinks were very reasonable. We will definitely return!
4	This AMC is located in the Biltmore area near the Ritz-Carlton and has a parking garage behind it which did not have a fee. The area in which this AMC is in has a lot of shops and the corridors are architecturally detailed. The service was great from entrance to exit especially the waiters during the movie. They came in about twice during the movie even though we didn't ring (press a button for service). The menu is pretty large. Most of the food is of the "American" variety. The desserts were tempting but overall it was a bit pricey for the type of food offered and serving portions. The best part of this theater has to be the giant cherry red recliners. The most comfortable movie theater seats I have ever enjoyed a movie in. The screen and movie display was relatively the same as any AMC, nothing special there.Oh and this theater has a full bar instead of a candy case in the lobby. That has to be an incentive for some people. Candy and popcorn can be found on the menu received when seated for your movie, don't worry.
2	This place has comfortable chairs but I found a few things very irritating....  They started the show half hour late, for that half hour there was nothing being played on the screen... They delayed to deliver ppl's order... Also, during the show, servers were walking up and down to service ppl's request and blocking view of the screen... This totally kills the experience... The ticket is pricier than regular AMC theaters but the experience is worse... I am never coming here again
2	I really want to love this place! I'm afraid I have gone for the last time.  I enjoy the comfortable seats but service will be keeping me away. I have had cold popcorn delivered to me, and red wine when I ordered white. One time I ordered a bottle of wine and received an open bottle with wine missing. Bartenders are overwhelmed easily and the bar is often filthy when any guests are present. The quality of food isn't worthy of the experience. I don't expect much from this place anymore which is sad. They have so much potential if they would take their service seriously.
4	Idk why all the haters , I really enjoyed our experience .  Huge recliners , pretty  decent food , great service , no kids running around , I think our theater held less than 50 or so. During  a great movie I almost fell a sleep I was so relaxed . Ya , $23 for tickets for 2 and we spent $46 for two margaritas and an appetizer and two meals, I'd do it again
1	Place isn't worth it. Went there about a week ago. Thought it was going to be a great time. Well I was wrong! Took 20 mins to just get drinks. Once we ordered we literally did not see our waiter till the last 30 mins of the showing and I had to remind her again that I haven't got anything. Whenever I pressed the button nobody would come. When I found another waiter they said they would be back and never returned. I don't know what's up with this place. We finally got the food literally 15 mins before it ended. Just terrible. Never going back.
4	At last a theater for adults, this place is awesome drinks are great but the food is so so this is the only theater that I go to.
5	Best Theater in the ValleyReserved seats. Good quality food. Good theater viewing and sound. Clean restrooms. These are the things that I'm looking for in a theater and AMC has nailed it.The grilled salmon is surprisingly good (and healthy) for a place like this. I get it without the sauce and they supplement it with lots of nicely cooked, crisp broccoli.Their milk shakes are also awesome (with a burger...not the salmon :-) ). I'm not sure we've had a bad meal and my family has spent a lot of time here.The only suggestion I would have is to improve the checkout process. The servers really do not know how to handle the AMC Stubs accounts properly and often are not readily available as the movie ends.
4	I'm weird & picky about movies, & I realize this. We also go to the movies maybe once every 2 years, only to something we really want to see in theaters (Boyhood this time around), & I usually prefer renting at home. So I find having people walk around and serve you, and eating something savory while watching the screen, kind of strange, but I can see how many human units would like this experience.That said I love being able to reserve seats, makes the experience so much better. I check times a few days in advance, grab the prime seats at a movie I'm excited about, and show up as the previews are rolling out worry free. This time around we actually had to get the usher to kick people out of our prime seats to take theirs way up front, very satisfying!Never experienced anything but Fork & Screen, but this has been good. I'm not a fan of the food they serve, and everything seems pretty expensive ($5 for a soda), but I only get popcorn & soda, and save my appetite for the real food in the area afterward. Movie ticket online was pricey but comparable to modern rates (around $12 each). Service has always been well organized & pleasant, they try to do all the distracting delivery & bill paying during previews & end, but you can order something during the movie if you want. The garage setup was strangely confusing, we took a different entrance & ended up on a lower level, but this worked out to not really be an issue, and they validate with an easy to use card machine-just remember to bring your parking ticket upstairs. So a good experience all around, will check up on it in another 2 years.
1	Terrible Service! Never going back!My girlfriend and I went to see Dawn of the Planet of the Apes here and had quite a poor experience. The tickets were expensive ($13 a person) and when we sat down someone came after about 5 minutes to get our drink order. We ordered two waters and a few minutes later the server came back for our food order. We told her what we wanted (potato skins, two burgers).The appetizer came and we had still not received our waters that we initially ordered. I told the server that we had not received them and asked that she get them for us. We also asked for silverware and napkins. She said she would check on them but the bar was really backed up at this point. What bothered me the most was that the people in front of us ordered their drinks when they got there and received them within 2 minutes. As did everyone else around us. We finished our appetizer and the burgers came out. Still no water... We asked the person delivering the food if she could bring us some water as we had been waiting 45 minutes on our drinks. She said she would check. No water ever came. We finished our burgers waited about 5 more minutes and then asked the next person we saw for water as we had been waiting 70 minutes for two simple waters. 10 minutes later they were brought out. We never received silverware or napkins either. The wait staff constantly got the seats mixed up for people's orders. The movie was very good. The food was above average. Better than I expected. The service.... completely terrible. I will honestly say that I will never visit this theater again because of the service alone.
1	Terribly designed!  This is the worst designed eat and watch luxury theatre I have ever been too.  The ledge is too high, so that if you recline your seat 25% of the movie is cut off!!  I had to sit on the edge of the seat and on my tippie toes to see subtitles.Experience ruined, and couldn't take advantage of all the nice stuff that they did put in there.
5	This is how to watch a movie. Recline, order you meal and wine and enjoy. It's the service and theater experience that we lost. Love it. The 3d movies are excellent. Saw Guardians of the Galaxy in 3d. Awesome!!!! Don't just pick make sure you are in the full service nice  theaters
5	World class place! I've been to a couple dine in theaters and honestly the food is usually sub par with high prices because of convenience. But this place had great food! I would eat at this place if it were just a restaurant. Great service as well! And still one of my favorite concepts, feed me while I recline and watch a movie- ahhhh so relaxing
4	Theatre was great. I had never been there before. The only thing I would say is that they should have a little bit more complex items on their menu. Some of them are big dishes and when they come out it stinks up the theatre. Other than that it was really nice.
5	This AMC theater was outstanding! Went out on a date and we heard they serve wine at your seat so we were all in! We were able to choose the movie, pick our seats and pay all on our smart phone! So easy. The seats are fantastic! They recline to your like and are so plush and comfortable. They have little table that pivot to the side or in front of your seat. I ordered white wine and my date ordered red. We also ordered a brownie a la mode and they asked if we were splitting it. When we got it, it was on two plate! Perfect.Overall great experience and I will definitely be back.
3	I've been three times to experience dine in movies. Seats are super comfy, service is prompt and everyone seems super excited to work here. It's charming to have a bar out front to enjoy a drink prior to the show. Stock up on a huge glass of free water while you're there. Bottles are for sale in the movie theater but why pay for some H2O? :) Bring your parking stub for 4 hour validation.SEATINGThere are some pretty neat seats available. With a last minute decision my brother and I sat row 1 for a 3D movie. (Groot was awesome from Guardians of the Galaxy. I'd probably date him.) Turns out the seats up close *recline*.  For another flick we sat further back. (Boo, those seats did not recline. Not sure if seating varies per theatre.) No complaints as sitting in a recliner with A/C blasting away makes for a perfect August day.Here's where the envy crept in:Behind the front row section is a mini-bar area. You can buy seats that spin! (Seriously, I know how I old I am. Shet it.) I thought it was cool to have a personal table/bar area.Some of the seats could use WD40. Have no fear, you'll be so entranced by the seats a squeak or two is ok. DRINKS & FOODSweet Geezus, the portions are HUGE. I fork tasted the Tenderloin Tips and eyeballed Rick N's sandwich. Both could readily be shared and both parties satiated. What did I eat? Dessert. Yes, I had a chocolate martini. (Thanks Carlos V. for treating! And driving our sorry butts around.)The drink menu is impressive. However, I like things simple. It was easy peasy to order a dirty vodka martini w/o any fluffy stuff.CONCome early. The escalators have been offline the three times I've been there. Elevators exist, however, they are on the small side and fit four people. In case anyone forgot, it's HOT in PHOENIX in AUGUST. [Head shake]Note: Voicemails left with questions about theatre seating may not be returned. Bummer!
3	Very limited selection of movies and seats. To sit at the luxury side to watch a movie was $16.50 plus tax. For this price you basically get an assigned leather plush reclinable couch seat with tray and cup holders. You also have a server who takes your food and drink order. Just push the service button - like the button you push at your seat on a plane. The theatre was cold so the cloth napkin was of great use to cover my lap. Ordered a hot cup of cappuccino for $5 and their only one size popcorn $8.50 come in a large square bowl. It didn't taste as fresh.  Either my hearing is really great or the movie sounds was extra loud - I think might have gotten slightly deaf. Would I come back? Um not so sure. My couch and the comfort of my home would have been a sweeter deal for that moment.
2	Full experience was a 2.5, food however is a one star.  The seats are very comfortable and you can recline all the way down.  The sound system in this theater is really good, creating a better movie watching experience.  On to the food, we got loaded chipotle chicken chips and tenderloin tips.Chipotle chicken chips- All the flavor was there however,  the very first bite COLD, chips not crunchy, cheese had been melted but had already set. As I said all the flavor was there but everything else fell flat.  Tenderloin tips- This came with mashed potatoes and broccoli, I was excited for this dish as it was recommended by our waitress but everything tasted like it came from a microwaved dinner. The tenderloin tips were not tender at all and super chewy, mashed potatoes were starchy (like the ones from a mix) and broccoli cold.I know this isn't a five star restaurant but I expected more from a dine in theater. We went to iPic a couple of weeks ago, the seats and sound were not as amazing but the food was 100X better.  Maybe we ordered the wrong things, maybe it was an off day, we are still in debate to come back a second time or not.
4	One of the coolest places to watch a movie in comfort. Full reclining chairs and the on call food service is a huge plus. The only downside is if you're shorter (like I am), the seats sit too low and the divider walls get in the way of the bottom quarter of the screen. No way to adjust seat height so my wife and I were kind of stuck.Your best bet if you're shorter is to grab one of the side seats (you have to reserve seats) that allow you to see the screen at a bit of an angle to avoid the divider wall.Overall a good experience with the only thing keeping this place from getting a 5 star rating from me was the lack of height adjustment :).
4	This is my favorite theater in the valley.  The reclining seats are great, the food is good, and the service is usually quite nice.  I was prompted to write this as I just refunded my tickets and it was easy and the service person was most pleasant and efficient.  I would be ideal if the process was online, but if one call and a quick resolution is the requirement, I can't complain.And if you ever have to watch a kids movie that doesn't appeal to you, getting a glass of wine in the process is not a bad way to go :-)
5	I love this place!! Their food is pretty good and the seats are super comfortable!! The service is always really great and the staff is very nice. It may seem a little pricey but it is worth it! It's hard to go to a normal theater after going to this one! It's almost like watching a movie at home but your getting waited on! Definitely recommend this theater!!
4	If you compare the total experience here to any other traditional theatre in the valley, it's hands down the best. Reserved Seating:  You can select and reserve your seats online. Sooo if you are dying to see a new movie you can reserve your seat instead of showing up an hour early to stand in line! That is worth any price to me! Jus sayin. Theatre Seats:  The seats themselves both in the Fork n Screen and the Suites are superior over any other theatre seating.  The seats are far enough from strangers that you don't feel uncomfortable or smell their breath! lol  (The Suite side for adults have recliners)Food Service: You have a waiter/waitress. All you have to do is press a button and they come runnin!  Can't get that at any traditional movie theatre!  One experience the waiter brought our food late into the movie, and didn't respond to the button, so the manager took care of the bill. Food: It's bar and grill food. If you're ordering gourmet food and expecting it to taste like Dominicks Steak House, etc., then you're mistaken. Drinks and popcorn: All you can drink soda and popcorn. If you don't like it, have them replace it. The overall experience is positive, especially if you're on a date. The recliners go all the way back...side grin. Oh, and don't get the seats up on top. There's a wall the separates the last seats from the rest and it's in the way of the view.
2	I received a card while the Esplanade14 theater on 8/23/14 to do a survey on my experience at this site. (TELLAMC.com) After filling out the survey, I was given a Survey Validation number to receive a "Free Popcorn" upon returning to another movie.I returned last night and presented the AMC stub with Esplanade Unit 0099 on it, along with the Validation number. The server stated that she would have to ask the manager about this. A few minutes later, the server returned and stated "my manager said that we can't accept this"Long story short, I asked for the manager and they only word he knows is "can't" as well.I phoned the AMC Guest Service Corporate Hotline (877-262-4450) today and they use the same language, "can't", because they have some "small print" on the survey that states they may not be a participating theater. Really? Then don't give me the survey at this theater that I go to. Customer Service is at an all time low!
3	I love coming here for the atmosphere and the comfy reclining seats. However, way too expensive for real poor food. Would not recommend anything on the menu or their over priced wine. Stock up before you go!
2	I'm waiting for return calls on an issue with their survey, that (AMC) asked me to do. They want your $$$$, but don't want your opinion!
4	My first experience at a Dine-in Theater! Such a great idea, like seriously this is the connecting link between purchasing foods at concessions and a dining experience at the theater.I came here with Khoa N. to watch Guardians of the Galaxy and previously booked our tickets online, love how you can choose where your seats are located so you don't have to worry about other people stealing your chair and all that nonsense.Once seated we looked over our menus and got our orders taken. I had an Appletini and we shared a small order of Onion Rings and Buffalo wings. The drink was good, delicious with that alchy kick. Food is decent, think Applebee's or Red Robin's quality. Overpriced? Hell yeah, but it's the novelty of being served food and eating a full on dish inside a movie theater. Only cons were Khoa's beer glass was luke warm and dirty. For a dine-in theater I expected it to be a lot louder during the showtime, but the noise level was pretty quiet. Comfy big chairs and alcohol during a movie? Can I get another hell yeah? The service was good, we were served and brought the bill. The servers weren't too distracting either.If you park in the lot, get your parking ticket validated before you leave it's right by the exit.Esplandade 14 you have ruined me from watching movies at a regular theater, it was totally worth it!
1	FANDANGO online ticket reservation services for this theater is not so practical. I ordered a ticket for the following day, thinking it was showtimes for today. Since it is listed, with showtimes. Then, only after purchasing, it states that there is a "No-Refund" policy on ticket purchases. You cannot change your showtime, nothing. I contact costumer support and they advise me to buy another ticket for the right date. So I did, and that they'll submit to their refund department and I might get a refund in 3-5 business days. 3-5 days after the showing. Why would I take the risk? Why not just sell them to a coworker instead of taking a 50/50 shot at them saying, "sorry, we we're not able to refund your money." Wow. I've attached the chat with the representative for your review. I've never been to a theater who doesn't refund or allow you to change showtimes, EVER. It's really sad. This has really ruined my experience.https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B4iaEyQxw8SAUjlYUUl6UEtVcEk/edit?usp=sharing
4	I love this theater.  First, let me just say, the 21+ theater - BRILLIANT.  I love that I can go to the movies, sit in a recliner, order booze and food delivered directly to me, AND I don't have to deal with screaming children????  (Don't worry - those of you with children they separate the theater into two sides, one for all ages and one for 21+.)  The food is good, not great, but definitely good.  If the food quality was just a bit better I would have rated this place 5 stars.  The set up is fantastic, I can actually see the screen from any seat no matter who sits in front of me and my husband (who is 6'1") no longer has to slouch in his seat out of fear he is blocking the person behind him.  My suggestion, buy the $12 stubs rewards card.  It's worth it.  You avoid the internet ticket purchasing fees, plus earn rewards towards free credits.
2	So I go here allot, not going to review every time I go, but to say the least my experiences are always just OK. This time they lose a star due to the fact that, this place just seem to be getting worse every time I go. First...its dirty, they could use a thorough cleaning. I mean its a movie theater, its generally gross. And it keeps getting dirtier, I feel at least once a month these things need to be cleaned  to the max. they are not. Second...the food quality has gone down hill. I can only assume that the kitchen like the rest of the place is starting to get run down and since the theaters aren't clean, I can only assume the restaurant kitchen isn't either. And it's overpriced. To pay what you ask me to pay, $10 for shrimp that taste like it went bad, and $4.00 for a glass of ice tea. A little much...seriously $4.00 for tea. IT'S TEA. Lastly for as much as they gouge you, the service sucks. Most of the time, you will press your little button and not see a server for 10 minutes, they are either understaffed, but most the time I am there I just see staff hanging on either end of the bar or standing around talking outside the theaters in the hallway.And a final tip, try not to tuck the validater for the valet parking away until everyone leaves, so I don't feel like I am getting looked at like I am robbing the place when I have to go behind the ticket counter to get my parking verified. Please step it up AMC. I do enjoy movies...which is truthfully the only reason this review got 2 stars...but not your business.
5	It was 2013 and we decided to come down for mini-vacation from San Diego to see my folks. My parents gave us the a parent's pass that weekend out and so we decided to give this a try from the traditional theater. It was an amazing experience and to be honest we haven't been to another theater since... Moving forward we decided to move to Phoenix from San Diego Spring of this year and we've been coming here at least 2-3 times a month (gotta love the Stubs Rewards). I mean seriously we can nit pick about this and that but when it comes to enjoying a movie that you paid a pretty penny for the last thing you want is some teeny-boppers obnoxious ass talking next you or smacking on their food... Love the freedom of having to reserve your seat in advance and the food/drinks aren't that bad.
1	Horrible service for gross overpriced food.  Last weekend...we came to see an evening movie.  First...:we sat for over half an hour in the lounge watching lazy staff stand around and chat...not one person even made eye contact to take our bar order.  The server first brought wrong order...we are vegeterian ...we don't want chicken..then we found a long disgusting hair IN our popcorn! Oh, and for the record management....if you read this...we were charged for the awful experience, hair and all!!! We ordered a second beer and the server took the existing glass we were still drinking from after taking our second order!!! Today...came for an early kids movie....again horrible slow service and Yep...again...I had to ask twice for our popcorn...and next...we ordered a second beer...it never came!!!!  This theater used to be classy and nice...now it's a trashy ghetto waste of time and money!!!! When will the owners or investors step in before its run into the ground! This is the Biltmore people! We don't come here for trashy lazy service!!!  Let's see what manager takes the time to address this issue on here...
1	This was our first time. The food was good but the service was horrible. Our server was Imran. He made it a horrible experience. We probably won't go back.
4	If you are looking for a premier movie-watching experience, this place is for you. Plush leather chairs that fully recline AND drink/meal service throughout the screening? Dayummm. Can't go wrong. We even ordered off the menu items and were fully accommodated.
1	I will never come here again.  This place is so terrible I'm not even going to waste my time writing anymore of a review.
1	FOOD POISONINGWe decided to see a 6:30 pm movie at AMC Dine-in Theatres Esplanade 14.My daughter spent the previous 48 hours at her grandmothers, so the only food that my wife (Shawn) and daughter ate together in the last 48 hours was the mac and cheese at the AMC Dine-in Theatres Esplanade 14. We went to see a kids movie with my daughter Kylee and her friend. Tickets for the 4 of us were $42. We justified it because of the comfortable seating and food service in the theater. Sure we could have waited for the movie to hit NetFlix, but we wanted to make the evening special. And boy was it ever!On the way home Kylee  and Shawn talked about how bad the food tasted and we decided to keep it to drinks only in the future because of how poor the food is at the Theater. Little did we know that the food we were complaining about would be coming up again later that night.My wife flew out of the bed at about midnight and made a mad dash for the toilet. She was in a cold sweat and groaning with pain from her abdominal section. She said she was afraid she was going to pass out. We'll pass on describing what was coming out of her body and where. Finally, after about 45 minutes she made it back to bed feeling like Rocky Balboa had been in the ring with her for 12 rounds.I figured that we were past all this now and the family would finally get some much needed rest. We soon entered into REM only to be awoken within the hour. It was my daughter. She was vomiting while sitting on the toilet. Same symptoms that Shawn had. Eventually we all went back to bed. We were worried that Kylee's friend who went to the movie with us was going to be next. Luckily she did not eat the mac. I did not eat at the theater, so I was out of the woods.Conclusion: we didn't mind spending $100+ for a family evening of fun. However, we will not be doing any eating in the AMC Dine-in Theatres Esplanade 14 again. I don't know what goes on in that kitchen behind the scenes, and frankly don't want to know. Recommendation: Watch more movies at home
2	I don't understand why the bar/snack register does not have the candy readily available or on display. The bartender had to leave her station to walk halfway across the theater to get our order making us late for the movie. Then it was quite warm inside the theater, enough to make me uncomfortable throughout the movie.
4	I've had a great experience everytime I've gone here. I just got done reading some bad reviews for this place and want to say that people should get over themselves. I have had food most of the time I have gone and out of about 8 things I have ordered 6 of them were great and two of them were ok or not good.  so.. I think that is a pretty good average for a theatre.  It's nice to have the option of dining and I don't expect the service to be like that of a normal restaurant because i'm there for the movie.  duh so for the whole experience it's absolutely great.  try it everyone and get the burger or the vege plate, it's awesome.  you can't beat an entire burger meal for ten bucks and you can have a cocktail with it as well.  very cool and I'm glad your here, and....if you want the server to kiss your feet, go to a restaurant and pay a hundred bucks for dinner and you'll probably get that, but.. you won't get an awesome movie experience either.  wise up people and stop being so critical, you obviously have never worked in the service business before and if you have...shame on you.
1	Let me start with 4 children.... We always heard Ipic two fold had better service and accommodations that AMC. Due to proximity we attend AMC..bewareEvery Friday, when disney comes out with a new flix, we go!! FAMILY TRADITION!! So that's what??? Over $200 a trip?? Ya!! They love it!So this past experience completely shocked me when Imy friends and I attended AMC to see "dumb and dumber too". It was Dumb and dumber too".    ... Dumb and Dumber....  We were having a good time! Management completely "mis-handled" our situation of having a good time and become very passive aggressive by cutting is off Sorry, but we seem to be struggling with where to spend our money...
5	My husband and I decided to try the AMC Dine in for our Friday nite date nite and it was an awesome experience. The staff was so friendly and fast.  The food was very good.We enjoyed our nite
2	Bought two seats and the one my husband sat in made a squeaky sound every time he moved! He had to sit still throughout movie. Not worth a second visit from me.
1	We have been frequent customers of this theater for many years. This is our adult time to get away and have a parents night or day. I purchased tickets for a movie a week in advance. Which lately has been a hard thing to get away and enjoy because we have a small baby and a toddler at home. We travel at least 45 miles to get to this theater only to find out our recliner seats are not working and when we got our tickets no one could informed us that we were not getting what we paid for. Such a waste.
1	Per usual a disappointing theater. Dirty bar top with un-bussed dishes. Unable to get a drink from inattentive bartenders. "Unkept" bar staff. Sticky theater tables and menus. Probably my last visit
1	Tasteless and bland foods that will send you to an early grave. The food here is so bad that it completely detracts from the romanticism behind the idea of dining out and watching a movie at the same time. The food here is seriously bad and expensive. As if paying for bad food with your wallet wasn't bad enough you will also be paying for this food on the treadmill because just about every dish is within a short range of 1000 calories! Keep a careful eye out for the calorie listings on the menu if you go in. Terrible and unhealthy foods aside, I must say it wouldn't be a bad place to go for a dessert. I would not recommend going here for drinks though, since they are so expensive.Friendly and attentive employees and waitstaff.
4	Great place for dinner and a show. Not quite as nice as the iPic in Scottsdale (but not quite the prices either!)
1	This was without a doubt the worst experience I have ever had at a movie theater. Went to see the hobbit battle of five armies with my girlfriend. Some family decided to bring their 1.5 year old child. For the first hour they were fairly quite but after that it was nonstop crying or laughing or babbling, none of it on the quite side. Listen, I understand kids will be kids but if they are that young do not take them to a theater and ruin everyone's experience. And to top it off the employees there did absolutely nothing about it. Ruined the movie and I sure as hell will never be back.
5	Just went to see the hobbit marathon on mon and I got to say if I spent a whole day at a movie theater it would be at the amc esplanade 14 dine in theater the seats comfortable (even though there not cinema suite seats!) the service was great and super friendly and helpful and the food was even better from the drinks, appetizers, entrees and desserts I love this place I'd go everyday if I could I and would suggest this to anyone who wants a great movie experience.
3	Beautiful environment.  Seats are comfortable.  Movies are a little more expensive but so worth it.  The negatives are the food is lackluster and expensive for how bad it is.  The popcorn is so gnarly!
5	By far my favorite theatre!Pricing- about $10. 00 a ticket.Seating- assigned seating so you don't have to worry about getting to the movie theater early to find a spot for you and/or your party.Snacks- snacks are priced normally but drinks such as Icees  and sodas have  unlimited refills via the self serve machines.Experience- super comfy recliner seats!!! Perfect if you just want to lay back and watch your movie. Tons of leg space, it's almost impossible to kick someone's chair or have your chair kicked by the person behind you.I would say this theatre is on par with iPic theaters minus the server, menu options, and price.
5	Love dine in theatres! I won't go anywhere else!
5	My new go-to theater when I need to lounge and relax while watching a movie in public. I had ordered and paid for our tickets online so there was no waiting while I got our tickets from the machine. We were in theater 3 to watch Interstellar. That's a long movie, but I didn't even notice thanks to the comfortably padded reclining leather seats. No one else sat in our row (and only 5 people total in the theater) so we had privacy...and quiet.The whole experience was so comfortable and positive that I know I'll be back. I ordered the Carne Asada Tacos: Two seasoned beef carne asada tacos with savory applewood-smoked bacon, corn salsa, pico de gallo and a cool avocado-lime crema wrapped in double-layered corn tortillas. Served with fresh tortilla chips and salsa. The pico de gallo was good. I can't believe I ate the whole thing.
