5	The property itself is stunning with its gold glass and palatial lobby. I loved that it is a non-gaming property though I know some folks will disagree. First and foremost, the service was unbelievably good. From the valet to the bellman to the front desk staff to housekeeping... Every single person seemed to sincerely care about ensuring that our stay was as effortless and pleasurable as possible. The only time I have experience service commensurate with that at the Trump Las Vegas was at the Four Seasons in Manhattan. That is really saying something. The suites are gorgeous and reminded me a lot of the suites at the MGM Signature, another non-gaming property and one of my favorite hotels in Las Vegas. Perfectly appointed mini-kitchens (even in the "studio suite") luxurious bathrooms (two full baths in the "one bedroom suite") and 42" HD televisions which I really do consider a requirement these days. The pool was another highlight, surrounded by endless open chaise lounges and circular, semi-tented padded lounges big enough for two. This hotel is definitely geared towards an older, more affluent and international clientele and it showed. The hotel and staff are both first rate and I look forward to staying there again on a future trip to Las Vegas.
5	Well, well..a five-star hotel deserves a five-star yelp rating.I like the fact that it's a non-smoking hotel. One can only take so much of second-hand smoke. The hotel is not bustling with excitement and that's fine with me..there's enough excitement on the strip anyway.The decor is classy and glamourous - shades of gold and sparkling diamonds. Wins a girl's heart over! The cabanas in the pool area are perfect. Order a smoothie, lie in the shade, and tan your legs away! The service = PERFECT. I miss the complimentary Escalade service. No need to ride in taxis with seedy drivers. I miss the doormen who literally RAN to the car to open the doors for us. I miss the chocolates from the maids. The delicious Trump fries. The free sunscreen. Free water. Best of all, we had 7 girls stay in one suite and Trump management never once complained. Amazing!
2	For a five start hotel i was disappointed, better off staying at Wynn or Bellagio.Pluses: Rooms very spacious and very nicely decoratedMinuses:- Staff constantly ignored the do not disturb sign, a pet peeve - especially in a 5 star hotel- LOTS of outside noise from rail line.  clearly no double glazing - Not a lot of hotel amenities- Pool closes at 8- Too far to walk to the strip, and not a safe walk at night, no lighting and no sidewalk for most of it- very limited room service menu (and a little over priced)- no 24 hr room service (again .. this is meant to be a 5 star hotel)
2	Not so fast, Donald Trump - work out the issues before you open your hotels.- No coffee in the room despite a coffee maker (staff said they'd fix that).- No taxis in front of the hotel, so expect to wait. Apparently, it's an ongoing problem, according to the staff.- Rooms are not insulated well from the outside (both on temperature and noise - a train woke us up early in the morning)- Crummy, simple wading pool. - Valet takes forever.- DFJ Restaurant is not worth the price - especially not for breakfast.The good:- Service was very attentive and staff very friendly.- Nice rooms with efficiency kitchen (not that I need that) and really nice bathrooms (a tv embedded in the mirror, jacuzzi tub, giant shower)- Double entry into the room: cuts down on any hallway noise. Very nice.- Clean and quiet hotel. Probably because it's so new.- Location: It's nice to not have to wade through crowds on the casino floor to get to my room. - Nice ambiance in the lobby with classic jazz in the background.- Mall right across the street so the wives could shop while we took naps :-)You can do better at the Bellagio, Wynn or even the Venetian.
5	I looooved every minute of my stay at the Trump International in Las Vegas.   I checked in on a Friday and was immediately upgraded to a one bedroom suite with a beautiful city view.  Service was over the top.  The front desk folks, valet drivers, all of the staff were nice and gave me world class service!  As a non-smoker this hotel was perfect for me!  And I have to say it was right across from the fashion mall and since I'm a shopaholic this was a huge plus!  I highly recommend this hotel to anyone.  Loved every minute of my stay.
4	We stayed here 2 nights.The rooms were exactly what you'd expect for a 5 star, Trump hotel.  Beautiful, elegant and plush.  The bathroom was FANTASTIC!  The bathtub was soooo big, my husband and I could have fit 1 more person in it with us :-p.  Plus it had jets that had 3 settings.  My hubby also REALLY liked the fact that there was a TV in the mirror, he has requested one in our new home, HA, as if!  Only a couple of minor downsides to the bathroom, the glass doors are super heavy and slam easily if your not careful (I though I was going to break them), and the shower head was too small and not enough pressure.  The robes were AWESOME, super soft & only $125 to purchase, not much more than nice robes @ department stores.The loss of a star was for the staff.  They were inattentive and short handed.  In my experience, a hotel with a 5 star rating should have the HIGHEST level of service!  I realize that the hotel is newly opened and therefore working out the "kinks" however, this is not Trump's first hotel and therefore the staff should be prepared before opening.  By 3.5 months into operations, you'd think they'd have it worked out.  There was no taxi line and only 1-2 valets who were running around like chickens with their heads cut off.  People were when they got the valet's attention, not who got there first.The gym was well equipped and we made use of it.  We just walked in & started working out, after a while, a staff person came by to ask if we had signed the waiver before working out, he said when we were done we should sign it & it would also give us full access to the spa facilities.  As we went to sign the waiver, we noticed in small print at the bottom that we would be charged $22 dollars/person.  Since the desk wasn't monitored, we didn't sign & didn't use the spa.One more thing, the pool is not very big but there are lots of lounges & half canopied daybeds.  The cabanas, however, are not finished and will not be done until next year.  The pool also looked a little dirty, due to the construction I'm guessing.We booked on Priceline so we got a great deal.  I would definitely stay there again, for the right price.I forgot to mention that super late at night, we could hear the road noise from the window & we were woken up at 8:30 by the train that honked when it when by.
4	I just got back from a two night stay here and it was grand. The only reason it did not get five stars was because its out of the way location on the North end of the strip. The thing I really appreciate about this place is that its a respite from Vegas. There is no casino and smoking in the hotel. At least for me, its nice to come back to a place after a hard night of partying where I can relax and get away from it all. The rooms are gigantic. I've stayed at many properties on the strip and the standard room is much bigger than anything I've ever been in. The bathroom is equipped with a huge soaking tub and there is even a TV embedded in the mirror so you can be entertained while brushing your teeth. The room only has one bed, so that could be a problem if its being split amongst a group of friends. There is a sofa that can be converted into a bed for extra sleeping space. There is also a kitchen with a stove and microwave, but personally I can't ever imagine anyone using it. I just can't see people going to the grocery store and getting food, and in the process skipping all the great restaurants in Vegas. Lastly, if you love shopping, it is right across the Nordstrom at the Fashion Square Mall. I mean, it's a literal one minute walk from the front door. I love shopping, so that definitely was an extra plus.
5	This five star rating is based on the accommodations that differ from other 5 star hotels that I have been to.  This was a basic room but it came with stove, blender, toaster and microwave.  The cabinets were stocked with dishes, pots, pans and plates and the drawers had all the silverware necessary.  Not only is there an ice chest but also a cocktail shaker.  My favorite unnecessary item was the salad spinner.  I know these things I've listed are not really anything "cool" but my five start rating is based on the fact that this was a basic room with accommodations for food preparations.  Yes it is Vegas and there are plenty of restaurants but its nice to have options.  You can make yourself a protein shake if you'd like or even a salad with the salad spinner or have it your way and go out to dine.  At least you know that you have an empty fridge that is not filled with snacks that will be charged to your room.  I hate it when u can't store your own stuff in the fridge, but not to worry, there no problems here.visit kayak.com for deals, rooms are regularly @ $199. I booked at $171 three days in advance to my check-in.
1	just based on trying to make a reservation via telephone, i give it one star. jesus h christ. trump can afford to stop outsourcing his calls to travelworm. after three attempts, waiting on hold for an hour (collectively) and being told the same thing, agreeing to it then being put on hold, coming back and repeating the same thing, being put on hold then coming back and repeating the same thing... i gave up. they cannot understand you and repeat themselves over and over and over and over and over and over.and over.
4	Nice, quiet hotel located away from the craziness of the strip.  The room reminded me of a (really nice) studio with the kitchen and decor. We had a pretty nice view of the strip and the bathrooms are spacious with a tv in the mirror! Not that I ever used it, or anything in the kitchen, but you gotta appreciate having the option. Service was also wonderful, and when the house car (escalade) is available, they will happily take you wherever you need to go. Personally, I like to be in the heart of all the action when I go to Vegas so this was not the hotel for me.  I basically only used this hotel after all the fun ended. It's a great place for families or maybe people looking for something a bit more quiet.  And don't expect to get a late check-out, it doesn't exist here.
3	[background and mindless chatter]The hotel kind of looks like a single tower Mirage stranded off the strip. The lack of self-parking does define a level of exclusivity above even the best of the on-strip resorts but with the lack of gaming and the awkward access, the place needs as much exclusivity as it can muster.[first impressions]The valet and doormen were polite and accommodating. The lobby was not grand but minimally decorated and finely appointed.  I waited for easily twenty minutes before being checked in (easily a source for minus 1.5 star). Seriously, I started walking laps around the lobby with my garment bag for exercise and distraction.[the room][The rooms were pleasant, not super but still refined enough to exude some luxury. I was impressed by the shared entryway to the rooms. A unique feature in my limited resort-staying experience and definitely something that elevated the sense of luxury.Local and toll free calls were no charge, which seems petty to note, but also demonstrates a sense of class (who charges money for something that is free in the first place?)The bathroom was spacious and the in-mirror television was wonderful, even for a non-TV watching individual such as myself.[Summary]I mostly didn't spend much time in the room. For the most part it was a landing pad and a place to change in-between long bouts of vegas-party-lifestyle and I felt quite accommodated.  It's not faux-style, flashy; it's not trying hard to be part of the strip and with that, the Trump International Tower is a fairly laid-back, luxurious place to arrive and depart, rest your head and recuperate before taking on the vegas scene.[end]
5	I was looking forward to staying at a Trump property and I finally had a chance in Vegas!  I have to say that I was a little surprised to learn that there was no casino.  But, I chose to go anyway.  It's Vegas.  It's Trump.  What the hell.So we got to the hotel and the bellman/valets greeted us in usual fashion.  Walk into the lobby, it smells refreshing (unlike all of the stale smoke in other hotels) and we're greeted by yet another person who directs us to the check-in counter.  We check in swiftly and go up to our one bedroom suite.  You know you're in a nice hotel when they have a double entrance to your room!  This greatly keeps out the hallway noise even though there was none because I think the hotel was pretty empty!  But you get my point.  I've been in a lot of nice hotels, but this is one of the nicest.  Fully stocked kitchen with granite counters, Sub Zero frig, Bosch stove, etc.  We didn't use it, but hey, it's nice ok?   Full size dining room table and huge couch and plasma TV in the living room.  Bedroom is pretty large with another plasma and the bathroom is as large as a one bedroom studio apartment!  2 person shower, jacuzzi bathtub, separate room to drop off the boys at the pool, marble everywhere.   Oh yeh, and the TV in the mirror is a nice touch.  There is also another marbled-out full bathroom off of the living room.   Bed was nice and plush and sheets were lux.  It's located one block off the strip, so that's a minus.  If you're walking back from the Wynn or Venetian or somewhere close at night with wads full of cash, take a cab back!  That one block is pretty dark and feels like you're walking into an ambush!  But that's me. Overall I would definitely stay here again.  5-stars to Donald and Ivanka.
4	I booked a room online midweek for a ridiculous rate (shh...but $168 ridiculous low) and for that price it was easily the best room I could have ever gotten. Valet Parking is ridiculously priced and takes a good amount of time to get your car from the multi-leveled garage but as soon as you walk into the hotel you're greeted by luxury. I definitely pulled a free room upgrade with a $20 between my drivers license and CC so that was even better. The room I had was an exquisite 300sqft gem with super plush sheets, a hot tub with bubbles, martini mixer, refridgerator with mini bar and a full lounge area with flat screen TV. It was exquisite. The bad news is that theres no casino here though that didn't bother me whatsoever - all the rooms are non smoking - again, not an issue for me - but it is definitely a good distance off the strip and too far to walk to the cool clubs..and cabs are expensive. I had a breaker go out in my bathroom with the tub and music going but "Engineering" was up within 15minutes to fix the problem. Rooms ervcie was fast and tasty and they didnt mess up my 4pm wakeup call. Check online for SUPER specials before you book - and enjoy the luxury of Trump.
5	You folks sure know how to make nouveau riche oil trash like my best friend and me feel like princesses.
5	I definitely wouldn't recommend this hotel for those on a budget, families, or first-timers.  This is an excellent hotel to come to at 5:30 am after a long night of gambling, boozing, and dancing.  It's quiet since it's a little bit off the strip and has no casino, and it's nonsmoking.  I think I saw like 2 kids the entire weekend.  The service was great and my girls and I got to ride the in-house Escalade to the Wynn b/c we were too lazy to walk.  Oh, and room service...the Trump burger is excellent.  A bit pricey but worth a try.  There is no self-parking, but valet parking isn't too bad just $14/day.  I've stayed at other hotels where valet is $29/day.  Like I said, this hotel isn't for the stingy but if you must, parking is free directly across the street at the Fashion Mall.  Some of my girls didn't have any clubbing gear but since the mall was directly across the street it was quick and convenient to spruce up their wardrobe without traveling across the strip.  The pool is small but I love the little cabanas outside you can bask in.  The rooms and bathrooms are a decent size, but the comfort deserves an A.  The bed was very comfortable.  Now the jacuzzi tub is the star of the weekend...after clubbing for 5 hours straight I appreciated my stay here.  Getting to relax in a bubbly bath with jets blasting at my tingly toes won me over completely.  And the best part is that I pricelined this hotel for $150/night.  Thanks Trump!
5	Holy cow. Didn't get to explore the hotel outside of the room, much, but after walking into our suite, we immediately knew we'd regret moving to the Bellagio the next day. Every finishing touch you can imagine seemed to have been taken care of, and the bed was incredible. As others have said, priceline search for a 5 star hotel on the strip worked great. Keep in mind: no casino in here, but shuttles and cabs are plentiful, so no biggie.
3	THIS IS THE MOST BEAUTIFUL, LUXURIOUS, PRESTIGIOUS, EXCLUSIVE 5-STAR HOTEL ON THE STRIPOr so the Donald would have you believe.  Too bad it's not on the Strip.  And I'm really not sure it's 5 stars either.  Curse you Priceline!  I'm not sure how they can say this place is on the Strip when it's actually on Fashion Show drive and a surprisingly long walk to the other casinos.  PROs:-Beautiful rooms -Wonderfully comfortable bed and linens-Full kitchen-Bar tools (cocktail shakers, martini glasses, leather coasters, etc.)-Beautiful bathrooms with a TV in the mirror-Great bath robesCONs:-zzzzz.....Boring and quiet-Did I say quiet?  It's NOISY.  You can hear sirens blaring and the damn train whistle all night long.-$13 for parking with no self-park option?  Hells no.-No casino (I thought this would be a positive...it wasn't)-Pool area (nice cabanas, but unfortunately pretty dead)Bottom Line:  If you're young, looking to have a good time, and/or actually like gambling in Vegas, this isn't the place for you.
5	Hands down the best hotel i've ever stayed at.I give a high five and 5 stars to everything. People at the desk, valet, the room, food, the pool, service in general, everything. I couldn't have spent better money else where.Just like the rest of the people said, not having a casino is CLUTCH.
5	Ran into a long stretch of NOTHING between Wynn and Sahara so I ducked into Trump for some more action! NO CASINO! "Mr. Trump prefers it that way" said the girl at the front desk. "If youd like to visit the bar?" SURE!Talked with the bartender, Katherine for a bit until I was joined by Karen just a few seats away. Had great conversation about the US and Australia - her home downunder...She and I had drinks together until she said that she was hoping I would escort her to Wynn for some gaming. Got a cab and off we went! Sat at a great lounge first for a couple glasses of wine and were too messed up to game! I told her, after dropping her back to her hotel that Id like to try again tomorrow...
3	When TRUMP comes into mind, I think of over the top, great service, and absolute perfection. I was wrong! I've experienced better. First the Pros - non-smoking, the staff was friendly and courteous, great view of the strip from our room, rooms are setup nicely. Cons- when you walk into the lobby, we checked in around 7:30pm, the live band was blasting away and you can barely hear yourself and your yelling at the front desk clerk while checking in. VERY ANNOYING!! The furniture is dusty, coffee maker is dirty and hasn't been cleaned. When house keeping cleaned the room, they didn't replace the coffee or even refill the kleenex in the bathroom, and had to call to get a refill (had to wait on hold before speaking with someone when calling the front desk). Now if I'm at a hotel all I want is convenience, since this is a service industry, having to deal with slow service is unacceptable. The TRUMP hotel is nice, but they need to polish up. I wouldn't recommend this to my friends unless they don't care about the small details.
5	Great hotel, classy but not cheesy at all.  My favorite hotel on the strip.  People complaining that it is "not" on the strip are lazy morons, it's a 4 minute walk to the Wynn!  No casino is perfect, I like to go to hotels to sleep and chill and this hotel is great.Surprisingly the restaurant was also excellent!  My friend had the steak and I had the sea bass and both were cooked perfectly.The service throughout the hotel was top notch.  Thanks for putting a hotel in Vegas with smart decor, great food, excellent service and REAL class.
5	Two words only. Top shelf. This is a sublimly first class experience.  I say sublime because the level of good taste and sophistication that oozzes from the joint is beyond most people's comprehension.  From the fragrant lobby to the Le Crueset tea kettle in the kitchen no detail is spared.  And it has just the right amount of bling to remind you that are in a Trump hotel and secondly that you are in Sin City.The staff is exceptionally well trained and again, top shelf. With a level of customer service unsurpassed by Bellagio, Wynn or Palazzo and it shines a bright ligth on how bad customer service is in LA.  They kissed our butts, in a good way though, it was very sincere and friendly.  They made us feel like, well, Donald Trump himself without going over board.  It all just seemed very intimate and natural.I will say that the gal at the desk in the spa didn't seem to be cut from the same cloth but why are spa desk girls so snotty anyway.? Because she didn't even seem to try to make me feel welcomed, I cancelled my appointment.We didn't get to try DJT, the house restaurant because it was closed on Monday.  I recommend the suite, just below the penthouse, on the 45th floor.  It's on the corner and you get breathtaking views of the strip from the living room, the bedroom and the spa-tub.Worth every penny!
3	This was a weird hotel experience. The room was very nicely decorated and all but that's pretty much the end of the good stuff. We're told there is a butler service or something like that but it ends at 6pm or something, so we never had any use of that. When we found out at 10pm there was no cork screw in the room, it took the hotel 40 minutes or so to get us one. There is no 24 hour room service. It ends at midnight or so. And the bar closes too at that time. One restaurant, I think, though we never made use of it. The worst part? I'm a professional software developer and I could not get the Internet service to work. For your information, the nearest hotspot that I could find is at the Starbucks in the far end of the Fashion Show mall across the street.So what is the target group of this hotel? Clearly not party people and there is no gambling. Kids would hate it. I think it targets Trump's peers: people over 60 who want to go gamble at Wynn and then get a nice, good sleep in a quiet room in the golden phallos.Oh, the fitness room was pretty nice though, but I think it cost me extra. And yes there was basic kitchen equipment in the room, which was nice but doesn't add any stars.Thankfully I didn't pay a whole lot for the room on Hotwire.Five stars, my foot.
2	Wonderful.With this experience, I left both Vegas and Trump hating them more than before entering them. Entering the city and the the Trump hotel, not the city and the old pig with a comb over, that is.Got a $159 deal on Hotwire (i.e. not knowing it would be Trump). I was at least expecting Trump in Las Vegas to be as tacky, tasteless and obnoxious as the old fucker is in the rest of the world. Unfortunately, Mr. T. always gets it wrong. This place is unassuming, uninteresting and doesn't live up to the expectation of a 5-star hotel.- Ultra minimum staff: 20 minute wait for valet parking, 1 or 2 at the check-in and check-out counters (with a huge line), passive room cleaning service- Clunky bathroom (noisy doors, no waste basket, weird lighting) with minimum amenities- Stained iron board- Extra Wi-Fi charge- Weird bed frame about 20% bigger than the bed (very comfy bed)
5	We were booked at the Treasure Island on New Years Eve to be close to the party we were going to at Babareeba. When the trump tower showed up on Hotwire for $100 less than we were paying at TI, I had to jump on it!Checkin: Because of their stupid no self parking allowed policy, we did have to wait 15+ minutes for valet. This was probably just because of NYE though. Line to check in was fairly long as well.. but no worries, the staff gave us all champagne to sip while we waited, so I consider my 5 minutes in line well spent when I'm given champagne to drink!Room: We stayed in basically the crappiest room in the place. A studio (vs a 1,2+ bedroom suite), and on almost the lowest floor (floor 18, number starts at 17). Despite this, this room was one of the best I've stayed in in Vegas (and I've stayed in most of them!). The view while non-strip was still good - a side view of the Treasure Island and mountains, etc. The amenities were amazing! Full kitchen (awesome fridge, blender, toaster, Le Creuset kettle), HUGE tub with jets (one of the biggest jet tubs I've had in Vegas), really comfy bed, and gourgues knick-knacks and decor that made the place feel like a million bucks rather than cheesy. While Trump is an ego maniac (for instance he sells his Vodka for $25 more per bottle than Grey Goose... really Mr Trump, your Vodka is better than Grey Goose?), and I've always been turned off by the gaudy gold exterior.. I have to admit, this guy knows how to do luxury right! I can't complain about one thing. Look for this place on Hotwire.. under the 5 star category. It's the only 5 star on center strip with a kitchenette (so you'll know it's the Trump!). You can score some killer deals on this place.
3	There are certain expectations when I stay at a "so called" 5 star hotel.Anything short of calling me "Mr. FoodSlut" would be unsatisfactory.  Sure the rooms are beautiful and the bathroom with the TV built into the mirror is awesome, but service is crucial for a 5 star classification.  I really felt like a nagging father telling my son to do shit.  For example, we requested several things (champagne glasses..wine glasses...) MULTIPLE times before it came.  Kiddin me?  Want to pull up your valet from you room...nope, they're lazy asses.Anyway, don't be fooled by the location.  This isn't actually ON THE STRIP.  BUT, close to STRIP clubs.  If you're into that....Look elsewhere for a 5 star.
2	Mr. Trump, you are a master of the deal.  You described this place as close to the strip.  It was close to the strip CLUBS.  You described this place as five stars.  I could barely get any service after five calls.  Your Italian coffee tasted moldy, your resorts services were subpar and your lobbies smelled like Swisher, the bathroom cleaning service.Mr. Trump, you pitched me a Lexus and sold me a Toyota!
4	I'd have to say that the Trump hotel defied everything I've ever thought about anything "Trump".When I think Trump,  think over-priced: Nah, hotwire hooked me up for super cheap - $129 for weekend nights in September!When I think Trump, I think gaudy and hideous: Nope again, clean, modern rooms with GINORMOUS bathrooms, fantastic amenities, comfy beds and some of the most spacious rooms I've ever encountered without spending a zillion dollars in Vegas.When I think Trump, I think pretentious and snooty: Still no, everyone was courteous, friendly, helpful and polite, from the valets, to check-in clerks, bartenders, to servers. True, this place is about a block off the strip (across from the mall if that cut-through makes you feel like it's less of a stroll) but still just a stone's throw from the Wynn. With no casino or 24 hour restaurant inside, this place isn't the best suggestion for your bachelor party or college reunion. But if you're like me and often make low-stress trips to Vegas with a specific reason for being in town, this is defintiely my new preference in lodging. Well done Trump, looks like your hair piece isn't the only deceiving thing about your image, and apparently that can sometimes be a good thing.
2	For the record, I read all of these review with mixed curiousity when my husband decided to change our hotel from the Luxor to the Trump during our recent trip to Vegas.The hotel is not on the strip as reported by Priceline.  It is, however, directly in front of a multitude of seedy establishments including strip clubs so I can see the potential for confusion there.  The geographic location of the hotel is a tremendous benefit if you enjoy the frequent sounds of police sirens at any given hour.Speaking of sounds....let me tell you how my roommates and I laughed at 4:30 AM when the train repeatedly blew it's whistle as it passed into town.  It was obnoxious albeit, hilarious.  This is a daily event.Beware the 'resort fee'!  As a rule I do not mind paying for things when I know what I am getting.  When I had to sign a piece of paper saying I understood the mandatory $15 per day resort fee, I was told it covered items like my newspaper and valet.  When I mentioned to the gentleman at the desk that I did not need the newspaper, nor did I have a car that would require use of the valet, his response was just, "It's mandatory".Not only was the fee mandatory, but since I had booked through Priceline, they would not let me cancel my reservation to take my business elsewhere.  I could care less about the $15 per day fee but I know it doesn't cover the newspaper which they advertise as being complimentary and I know it doesn't cover valet parking which I read was $14 per day.  So what the hell is it for?Internet fee $12 per day.  Seriously!  Even the two complimentary waters we were given did not take away the shock of that cost considering almost everywhere else we went offered free wifi.The room itself was, for appearances sake, very pleasant.  The king sized bed was very plush and comfortable.  There was no shortage of pillows and the spread was very soft and cozy.  The pull-out couch, however, was a disgrace.  Pity the friend you bring along that gets to sleep on the sofa bed.  The mattress was thin, uncomfortable and unappealing, even after several drinks...ask my roommate!Despite all of that, the bathroom was luxurious.  I took a shower right after I settled in just to test it out.  I was a little disappointed that I forgot conditioner and decided to use the hotel's conditioner instead.  After all, it was right beside me in the shower.....  It left my hair feeling HORRIBLE!  So I get out of the shower disapoointed again and cross to the sink to use my 'complimentary' lotion.  Weird lotion that my skin did not absorb.  Agghhh, I finally figured out the mystery when I put my contacts in, some fool had put the lotion where the condition was supposed to be and vice versa.  Back into the shower to revive my overly limp hair.In summation, I loved the room itself.  In the several interactions I had with service staff, servers and tres unobservant security officers, I was not even once impressed.  The drinks were overpriced at the bar and there was no casino.  No shortage of bells and whistles at this hotel however....from trains and police sirens that is.This will be a do not repeat for me.
5	the rooms  are very nice! they give you water and chocolates every night you stay there. Im not sure if you have the suite though...... hm......i have nothing to write about.....oh well...
4	I have stayed here twice and love it! The beds are so amazing. If you go on there website you can find some steals on certain nights!
2	A friend and I stayed at Trump Hotel over Presidents Day weekend this year. We booked it because it averaged $150/night, which is pretty cheap for what is allegedly a five-star hotel.Note the use of the word "allegedly."First, know that Trump Hotel (actually, Trump International Hotel) was supposed to be a condo tower. Why anyone would want to live in a condo tower on the Strip is beyond me, but hey, to each his own. Unfortunately, not that many units were sold, so the tower was quick-changed into a hotel, as well.Trump is located on Fashion Show Drive, set away from Las Vegas Boulevard, and near the Fashion Show Mall. It is a short walk to the Wynn hotel and casino, which is essentially across the street. Trump itself does not have a casino (!), as they would not give him a gambling license due to the number of times Trump Entertainment has gone bankrupt in the past (as of this writing, it looks like it will happen again, soon).The overall Trump experience was very good: we were treated very respectfully by the staff, who were all very helpful and courteous. Room service -- even though it was burgers and fries -- was especially good, as the waiter came in and placed a tablecloth over our table and set our places for us. But it was the little things that gradually got to us and led us to conclude that we wouldn't stay there again.My friend slept in the spacious bedroom; I slept on the sofa-bed (I figured this was a good arrangement since he would later be coming back to my house and sleeping on my sofa). Upon unfolding the sofa bed, I noticed there were sheets on it. Upon closer inspection, the sheets had not been changed from the previous guest. A pair of socks was stuffed at the foot of the bed. We called housekeeping, and a maid promptly came up and changed the sheets. A similar pair of socks was in the bedroom, draped over a chair.The room was a suite which also had a kitchenette. Upon re-heating some pizza, we discovered a dirty pan still in the oven. Trump charges $17 per day per device for Internet access, whether wired or wireless. This is actually standard for fancy hotels (the more middling Red Roof Inns, Best Westerns, or Motel Sixes actually hardly ever charge for Internet access). Still, though, this is 2009 and the Internet is akin to a public utility. Imagine being charged for electricity and water while you stayed there.The last morning we were there, the fire alarm accidentally went off. It must have gone off on a different floor (I didn't hear it), but the subsequent broadcast apologizing for the malfunction was at least three times louder than the warning sounds that preceded it.All of these things conspired to create an experience that was so-so at best. We were impressed by the robes, free slippers, and two bathrooms, but it's the little things that made us say that we would never stay there again.
3	I'll make this review plain and simpleThe good:Rooms are spacious, decor is cute, jacuzzi and showers are huge and beds are comfy. Quite, no waiting for the elevator. Mall is across the street, you can walk across and go to the food court. No long lines for taxi.The badNo casino, valet can take forever, no nearby casinos, restaurant or bars.  Lobby is pretty empty. The view is boring. You can walk to a next casino, but if your lazy like me, its not fun. Workers seem a bit rude.
5	For a recent trip to Vegas, we decided to use Priceline's "Name Your Own Price" feature. Our bid was accepted by this hotel. At first, we were slightly disappointed.All that changed when we arrived at the hotel. It not not your typical Vegas hotel. It is not on the strip. There is no grand driveway up to the front door, nor is there self-parking. Once you walk into the hotel, you do not have to wind your way through part of the casino floor to reach the check-in desk, nor do you have to wait in a long line to check-in. Once you are checked in, the walk to the elevators and ultimately your room is quick.Our room was AMAZING for the price. We were on an upper floor with an outstanding view of the strip. As a result of the Strip having a slight curve to it and the hotel being off-Strip we had a fabulous view of TI, The Mirage, Paris, Bellagio, etc. We spent hours on the sofa enjoying the view -- both during the day and at night with all the lights.The room was tastefully decorated and luxorious. Likewise, the bathroom was wonderful with an oversized jacuzzi tub and a remote controlled television in the mirror. Service was impeccable.As someone else stated, there was a resort fee. I have encountered that with other hotels when using Priceline. I was surprised that there was no gambling in the hotel. The hotel's restaurant and shopping options are limited compared to other places. They do have an extensive in-room dining options.You will not like this hotel if you are looking for one-stop gambling, eating, shows, and sleeping.We also found that since it is off-Strip, it was easy for cabs to take back roads to get to other hotels. We liked not being stuck sitting in traffic on the Strip.
3	Originally had the premium suite at the back of the hotel but could hear the trains.  Swapped to a standard suite at the front of the hotel (strip view) but could still hear the train....You're not missing much.  Hotel has a very similar layout to the SIG at MGM.  With a $15 resort fee and relatively far walk to the strip, I don't think I'd come here again.
3	I used Priceline to book our trip to Vegas this past weekend and got the Trump Hotel for $93/night. At first I was disappointed, but since we like to try different hotels in Vegas, we saw this as a cool opportunity. Thank goodness we went in with a good attitude!The area between the highway and the hotel is....interesting to say the least. Who knew Vegas had an erotic museum?? As previous reviews have stated, it's valet parking only. I don't mind that, but trying to get the car on Monday morning when we were leaving was a bit frustrating. We tried calling down when we were getting ready to leave to have the car pulled around so that it would be waiting for us, but when we called, we were told they couldn't bring it around until we were downstairs. Seriously?? The explanation given to my husband was that we had to physically hand the valet ticket in before they would go get the car. I thought it was a really lame excuse, but luckily it took only about 10 minutes for us to get our car.Check-in was very quick and friendly. Yes, there is a $15 per day resort fee, but it pays for the parking, use of the pool, and use of the fitness center. The rooms are spacious, but not as impressive as those at the Palazzo. The bathroom is actually the best part about the room - very large shower and a nice jacuzzi tub. There is a TV in the mirror as well. I'll admit that on Sunday morning, I soaked in the tub and watched basketball - it was awesome. Our view completely sucked but that's what we get for using Priceline I bet (don't be jealous but we had views of the highway and the Stratosphere).We don't mind walking, so the fact we were off the Strip didn't bother us. It's about a five minute walk to the Wynn and about 30 minutes to Bally's and Planet Hollywood which are in the center of the Strip. If you want to go to the Strip and have fun, but come back to a quiet hotel with no casino where you don't have to walk a huge distance to get to the room elevators, the Trump is not a bad place to stay. We're glad we tried it out, but we prefer other hotels in LV.
5	Beautiful. I LOVE the scent of the hotel. And I love when at 2am - you're sloshed, walking barefoot carrying your 3 in heels, and they just smile at you as you enter the elevator bank. Only issue is that the pool is plain, and full of old white couples.
4	We pretty much loved this hotel.We booked on Hotwire.com, and saw the "no smoking" and since it's pretty hard to find a nice hotel for cheap in vegas that is also no smoking, we went for it. When we looked at reviews we were a little weary, but we ended up liking it a lot.The rooms are HUGE. The bathroom is almost as big as some motel rooms I've stayed in. You get a jacuuzi bath and a huge shower. In mirror tv, double sinks, just fabulous, oh and nice robes to wear after the awesome bath.The rest of the place was great too, kitchenette with high end appliances, dishes, pots, pans, basically everything you'd need to cook anything you want, if you're not too busy going out to fancy restaurants.The bed was super comfy, and we slept well every night, except for the freaking train that comes by several times a night. After the first night though the train is a lot less noticeable for some reason.There was plenty of seating, had we wanted to have any guests over.This place is about details, you get little bottles of water everyday, and there are funky sculptures on the shelves, and even some art books to look at. Nice flat screen tv with tons of channels of course.Going back to the room was a very relaxing experience, and a nice getaway from all the flashing lights and noise in the casinos and on the strip.I guess the annoying things were that you have to pay $15 a day extra for a "resort fee" but whatever, it's really not that much. Mandatory valet parking was something that took some getting used to, although they were always pretty quick to get our car, so I can't complain too much.We also really did not like the "DJT" restaurant. It was very overpriced for ok food, especially breakfast. Luckily it was being paid for by someone else. For dinner I did not order a starter, but by the time my entree came an hour and a half later, I was practically starving, and although the steak was good, it wasn't worth that much of a wait. Slow and overpriced.We would definitely go here again, given that we found a good deal on hotwire (you can tell which hotel it is because it is the non-smoking 5 star condo on the strip).
5	Other reviews aside...I thought this hotel was great! Great bathroom, great bed, great amenities...No casino means NO SMOKING...If you're like me and come from an allergy infested California, you would appreciate a NO SMOKING environment. The pool was great, and the service was excellent up there, considering how busy it was. Although there could have been a better restaurant/bar area to compensate...its a hotel, you're never there anyway. They provide free shuttle service to the Wynn and Encore hotel, the mall is across the street and the strip is not even a 2 minute walk. There is a lady on here that complains and complains...but I had nothing but good things and a good vibe come from this hotel!
4	Very nice hotel staff. Rooms were also well thought out and include a kitchenette (complete with dishes and pans). Showers are huge, but the one head leaves a lot of wasted space. If you are on the right side of the hotel the view of the strip is unbeatable.You have to walk through the mall or a couple of extra blocks to get to the strip, but there was always a cab waiting out front (middle of the week). The food from the restaurant is not good, so go somewhere else to eat (the food chains at the mall would be better)The pool is nice and quiet and the business center was easy to get into...if you don't walk past it 3 times trying to find it. (though $7 for 15 minutes is a bit pricy).
5	The Beautiful Carin and I had to go to Las Vegas on business a couple of weeks ago. While I think Las Vegas is a fine little city, I don't particularly like the Strip. But, sometimes business calls and you do what you need to do. When you need to be on the Strip, you can do far worse than the Trump. Donald Trump's Hotel...if you have to go to Las Vegas, for me, it's either this one or the Four Seasons (but the Trump is closer to more of the "attractions" of Las Vegas).The Trump is everything The Donald says he wants his hotel to be, luxurious, gold, spectacular, understated, gold, elegant, world class, gold, lavish, sumptuous and of course, gold.I really do like the Trump (I kid because I love). The service is everything you would expect from a 5 star hotel; there is no casino to fight your way through to get to the elevators to your room (although there is a guard in the elevator lobby to make sure that only guests get in, thank you!); the Trump is non-smoking so...kudos!Most importantly, the Trump really is a quality, luxury hotel! They treated us like royalty, from the moment we walked in until the moment we left. They upgraded us to very nice suite, no charge (really nice touch), they remembered our names, they talked to us like people (not walking tip machines), and made us feel welcome and comfortable.First, the room...a beautiful suite with a view out to the strip (the Trump is about 2 blocks off the strip, but a nice view anyway). The suite was decadent. Huge, with a living room, formal dining room and service kitchen, and full master suite for the bedroom (and a steam shower, with multiple shower heads) and in a particularly nice touch, a TV hidden in the bathroom mirror, including a remote that you can use from the huge and luxurious spa/tub. The furnishings are on a par with any very nice home.Next, the ambiance...relaxed, open, friendly and calming (again...no casino...hurrah!). You can have a cocktail in the lobby bar or by the pool and feel both pampered and comfortable at the same time. I will review the restaurants in another review, but they are terrific and by extension, the room service was outstanding.Finally, the service...absolutely first rate! It's deferential, but not cloying or overbearing. Everyone from the general manager to bellmen and room service waiters acknowledged us and called us by name (never "you guys" or anything remotely like it...not allowed as we discovered from one of the pool attendants). They offered free limo's up and down the strip, to get us to dinner's, etc. I felt like a high roller in spite of the fact that I never gamble more then $2-300 when I'm in Las Vegas (do you suppose that's why I never get anything comped?).The Trump is a terrific place to stay in Las Vegas. It is, in a word Trumpulescent.
4	My wife and I stayed there this past weekend for our anniversary. When i called ahead to book the room I explained it was our anniversary and they said they would do their best to upgrade me. When we arrived the front desk was fast, gave me a suite over lookin the strip free of charge and was extremely pleasant. Only two things I didn't like was the pool was very bland...extremely clean and nice but bland for Vegas. Also the hotel was somewhat of a walk from the rest of the strip but very close to the Wynn. AND i got the room for 100 a night on priceline. Def can not beat the price for what we got.
5	I booked the room for a Thursday and Friday night for $89 per night.  This deal also included a $50 SPA credit from hotels .com.  I booked this hotel because it was the cheapest rate for the highest customer rating on hotels .com.After arriving at Trump Hotel, I was also advised of an additional $15 resort fee, which includes parking, pool, and gym.  I liked the fact that there was no smoking and there's no gaudy casino design in the hotel.  The hotel itself can be seen as far south as the touristy Las Vegas sign.  It makes me wonder if Mr Trump picked that location for that fact.  It's the only hotel to be seen from the Las Vegas sign besides Mandalay Bay (but that's at the south end of the strip).The rooms itself were pretty nice for $89 a night.  There is a stove, pots, pans, silverware, plates, cups for the frugal or families.  The bathroom has a jacuzzi with a separate shower & toilet sectioned off behind opaque glass.  I really enjoyed the TV in the mirror.My room had a king size bed.  There is a couch which pulls out into a queen size bed.  Each room gets 2 small bottles of water.The hotel is about a 5 minute walk west from the Wynn hotel.  My friends were staying at the Wynn hotel at a discounted rate, and I still believe my room is better for what I paid versus what she paid for her room.I would definitely return back to this hotel for the price and cleanliness of the hotel.  Thanks!
4	We were quoted $199 on one of those internet hotel search engines (priceline, orbitz, etc).  We called the hotel to check their rates and the lady lowered it to $159 without us even asking!!  That's pretty cool.  Thank you lady....but I wonder...if you lowered it to 159....can't you lower it even more??  Hmmmm. Love that this hotel is a non-smoking hotel.  Decor in the lobby and hotel room is nice.  We had a king-sized bed with a queen-sized pullout.  There's a mini kitchen which I appreciate.  I LOVE the bathroom.  Has a huge jacuzzi with a tv in the mirror and a nice shower/toilet area.  The size of the room is pretty nice.  Another great thing about this hotel is that they offer a 4 pm checkout for free...but you gotta let them know you want that when you check in.I'm an internet-whore so I paid the $11.99/day fee.  Internet stopped working for 2 hours so we got it waived. =)There is no self-parking.  You pay $15 per day for overnight parking and use of the gym/pool.  This is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5.  Oh and our view sucked and we could hear the train at night.  It didn't bother us too much though. There is a Nordstroms across the street from the hotel along with the Fashion mall 2 minutes away.  The Wynn/Encore is also close to this hotel.  Otherwise, you're pretty far from the rest of the strip.  Be prepared to drive or walk a lot.Last but not least...BEWARE OF THE ELEVATOR!!  Omg....the elevators go super fast like a roller coaster.  I had a headache every time I rode it.  You know that feeling when you go straight down really fast?  ugh....I appreciate that the elevators go fast...but come on...you can slow it down just a tad.
5	I must go into detail and raise my rating of this hotel. It is absolutely perfect. The staff is perfect and I have had about 10 stays here and it just gets better and better. The Wynn, The Hotel, and the Four Seasons need to come and take note of what true 5 star quality is. You will not be disappointed.
5	I really was impressed with the job they did on this new property.  I had a room on the 50th floor that gave me a spectacular view of the strip and a lot of breathing room.  The standard size (for the Trump Tower) room was one of the biggest I have stayed in in Vegas.  I didn't use it, but the full kitchen with sub zero fridge could have come in handy if I were staying in town longer.  I thought the place was very tasteful.  I really enjoyed sitting by the pool.  The service was outstanding.  Trump trains his people well.  I also was pleased that there was no extra fee for the well appointed fitness area.  I was pleased with the location it is just a three or four minute walk to the main strip and was kind of nice that it wasn't directly on it.  I usually stay at Planet Hollywood, but the prices this week there were out of this world.  What I could normally get for 89 was over 200.00 there.  We paid around 120.00 plus taxes at Trump and for the room and the view we got it was totally worth it.  I must add that the pina colada I had by the pool after my work out was very tasty.  The vibe is high quality and service oriented here coupled with a New York exclusiveness that felt prosperous and sophisticated without being sophmoricly glitzy or pretentious.
5	This hotel was unbelievably cheap for a 5-star suite. I didn't know what to expect when I walked in but I knew as soon as I stepped through those revolving doors that I had made the right choice. The lobby was elegant and shimmery. They have a lounge area on the other side of reception. The only thing is BEWARE OF THE ELEVATORS!! we were on the 36th floor and we could feel our stomachs everytime we went up or down. They defiantly need to slow down. The guy who checked us in said our room wasn't ready so he upgraded our two rooms to a one bedroom suite, with complete views of the strip. The rooms were amazing!!! we had a full service kitchen with real sized oven, microwave and fridge. This gave us the opportunity to bring our own food (saving us tons of cash). they had a nice size table to eat on and a big couch that turned into a queen size bed. There was also a nice size flat screen in the living room with a bathroom and good size shower.The bedroom was huge! with two closets and drawers. the room and huge windows that faced the strip. great views. then comes the master bath....OMG. the bathroom was as big as some hotel rooms! they had a full on spa that we fit 4 people in jets and everything. and massive sized shower, two sinks and a tv in the mirror. it literally was the highlight of the suite. oh and they has this big window in front of the spa that over looked the strip too, it was awesome.The only thing besides the room I used at this hotel was the pool. It was really nice and they have these awesome couches to lay on. Now that i think about it i actually really loved the pool area. It was really relaxing after a loooong night of hard partying. the only con was the $15 hotel fee and you have no choice but to valet the car and it takes a little while. but other than that it was a really good hotel.I would most defiantly come here again. The rooms were awesome and the guest services were great! we even called in for blankets at like 4 in the morning and they came right away.Oh and Donald Trump does check in on the guest too! He came by the pool Sunday afternoon and asked if we were having a good time :)
5	This place is FAB-U-LOUS!  From the moment I walked in, I knew it was going to be a great stay.  The smell in the lobby was so good that I wanted to ask the concierge where they were getting the lovely scent.  Yes, it does suck that there is a $15 a day resort fee, but I booked the hotel for a weekend stay for $300, so the resort fee really didn't bother me.  I searched high and low for the discount because the website usually has the suites for 200-500 for a junior one. But if you look online, you can find some lovely deals.  The suite was wonderful!  Modern and chic!  The jacuzzi tub was a perfect escape from a hard night of partying and it faced the mirror with the TV built right in, so I had entertainment.  There is a refrigerator, microwave, and stove top for cooking, but I never used it since we were all about the buffets.  There are complimentary water bottles and the Wolfgang Puck coffee was delicious.  The beds were ULTRA comfortable and warm. Another fav are the little switches they have for housekeeping.  You just push a button and a light pops up in front of your suite to tell housekeeping to either clean your room or to not disturb you.  Wonderful!  Your suite also has a doorbell, so people can ring your bell to let you know that they are there. My bf and I worked out at the workout facility and it was nice.  All the cardio machines have TVs built in, so you had something to watch while getting your workout on and  there are free water bottles in the mini fridge.  It overlooked the pool which was nice.  I didn't get to check out the pool because it was super crowded Sunday, but people were having a good time.Yes, the valet does take a while since there were a lot of people in town for the fight, and it was be a total nuisance, but hey...everything else about the hotel was great, so I didn't mind the wait.  And even though we already pay $15 for the resort fee, remember to tip the valet!  I felt bad watching everyone grab their cars without tipping them!  They were all great and attentive!  For the amount of people that were there, they were doing the best they could at getting everyones cars.  I also tipped housekeeping before we left because she was wonderful at getting the room tidy.  She even organized  my makeup in the bathroom! A+++++The best part about this hotel...the 4pm CHECKOUT TIME!  It was as though I was getting another day for free!  DO the express checkout from the comfort of your suite by using your TV so that you can avoid the lines downstairs for people checking out.  I don't know why people didn't do the express checkout.  It shows you your bill, you review it, confirm it, and then you're merry way! It truly is a 5 star hotel and I will definitely be back!
3	Trump doesn't have casino, no self parking, and no two-bed units (although it showed on my hotel-agency website)  If you order two-double-bed units, you will get a king-size bed and a queen-size sleep over, which is NOT comfortable at all.  i stayed in one-bedroom unit with beautiful view facing the strip, especially from the huge window right above the bath tub. The pool was my favorite too.  Trump, Wynn, and Encore are just around you!But when we asked for extra pillows and sheets, it kept us waiting for hours.Overall, i like it, but hopefully they can be more clear about the unit description and improve the speed about their services.
4	We were in town for a concert and planning on staying at a friends.  At the last minute we decided to book a hotel so we could have a pool to use.  I Pricelined a 5 star hotel at the Northend of the strip and got the Trump for $110.  We were kind of bummed at first but everything was great.  We checked in early and were able to upgrade to a suit for $50 more.  The rooms were very nice, clean and the bed was very comfortable.  We had no problem getting the double lounge chair by the pool but the bar/resturant was under staffed and took a while for drinks.. Its a pretty small pool area but was nice bc it was smoke free!! Over all great deal!! and would be good for low keys couples who want to be off the strip and dont gamble and families.
5	Initially, I got a kind of "It's Vegas, it'll be nice" from  my father in law who LOVES the casino, and it not having a Casino would kind of be a downer for him - but it was a UNBLIEVABLE hotel with amazing amenities. Elegant, clean, quiet - they have a Trump Car and if you are lucky you can catch it and they take you wherever you want to go for strictly a tip. Which is perfectly fine by me. It's right across from the Fashion Show mall and close enough to everything - when I heard "off the strip" I was thinking it was OFF THE STRIP! It's about a 3 miniute drive to the Mirage (walking distance if you are feeling adventureous) And yes, you think "TRUMP" and might think austenatious - NOT AT ALL! The rooms are fabulous a HUGE whirlpool tub - LARGE shower, a TV in the mirror in the bathroom (digital); the pool was soooo nice - the yummiest Raspberry Mojito I've ever had. . . the waitress had a little bit of an attitude, but the drink made up for it. I would definitely go back! I would definitely stay there again
4	We got an excellent deal on a one bed room suite on the 49th floor. It was exquisite. Think 3 showers, a jumbo spa tub, 2 bathrooms, a sub zero kitchen and a killer view of the strip.  There were only two reasons for knocking it down a star.1) There was some weird issue with our phone system where the phone light blinked for three days straight. 2) This has got to be the world suckiest pool. Its only 5 feet deep at its highest point and there really isn't anything exciting in its surroundings either. We weren't even allowed to use the patio umbrellas for shade because the staff was afraid that it was too windy to have them up.
4	The Trump hotel is beautiful and the rooms are just fantastic. I have stayed at almost every major strip hotel in Las Vegas (we tend to stay at the Venetian most) and The Trump Hotel beats them all as far as the rooms and the service go. The price for a room is amazing. We had a strip view suite on the 37 floor.It is not on the strip but is easy walking distance to places like the Wynn and Treasure Island. It is also directly across the street from the Fashion Show mall which is nice. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that the pool could be expanded a bit and I like having a casino in the hotel so that I can play until the wee hours and just stroll up to bed.
4	The Trump hotel is a nice hiatus away from the craziness of the strip. It's a peaceful and upscale change from the casinos, loud music, and drunken crowds. Being a non smoking hotel it is truly a breathe of fresh air from the normal strip resort- especially for those of us who don't like to breathe others habits.. The staff were friendly and helpful and it seems they would cater to any need you have. The suites are simply wonderful; with a beautiful kitchen and massive bathroom you feel at home. The one downside is it's location relative to the strip. It is definitely walkable but its a long walk with nothing in between. If the Fashion Show Mall is open, you can walk through Nordstroms and the mall to get to the strip. This isn't too bad but does get old after awhile.
3	Price was great but our experience wasn't that great. So, we settled down in the room, view was the back side which is whatever to me. Didn't really need a view. Anyways, my boyfriend wanted to turn on the tv in the bathroom and realized it was broken! Another problem, while sleeping, it felt like the window was crack open, so my boyfriend went to check and realize the window was broken as well ! So, throughout the night, there was an annoying wind noise which sound a bit creepy and just damn annoying. Next morning, my boyfriend complained, so they sent up someone  to fix the tv, and he said it can't be fixed unless he gets another tv set from another room. And the window was taped to prevent the crack. WOW?? We were a bit furious, so my boyfriend complained and requested to switch rooms, and they said there is no rooms available. Which was weird, because we told the guy that was fixing the tv to get a non-broken tv from another room. SO there were rooms available!!? Never coming back again. I walked to the strip the first night we arrived. It wasn't a long walk, but it was so windy, I ended up eating sand and dirt during my walk. Didn't appreciate that, so I decided to take the taxi after that experience. Oh, there was also a $15 fee each day, which ended up being waived because of our bad bad experience here. Plus, I thought we get newspaper every morning, and I had to call twice to request newspaper!!
5	I love this place!  Trump Hotel really does it right.  It's a break from the hustle and bustle of the usual casino hotel because there's no casino on the first floor, so you don't come out smelling like smoke when you get to your room. On the pool level, there's a fitness center (with complimentary waters) and a chic looking pool surrounded by a gold colored theme, overlooking the encore and wynn towers.  The rooms here are pretty awesome as well...has everything you need - plush down comforters on the bed, microwave/fridge, even a TV built into the mirror.The service here is incredible...probably the best seller.  The front desk was really helpful and friendly, and when I came in stumbling drunk without my room key, they were understandable and helped me out., instead of showing me to the door lol.  If you ever stayed at the MGM signature, I would say this place rivals that hotel.  They both are good hotels.  Nevertheless, trump does a lot of the little things right, which makes it a good place to stay.
5	This was the best hotel I've stayed at in Vegas. My jaws dropped with I saw how gorgeous the suite was. After being out in the heat and having to deal with the shittle from the airport, Julianne L and I were very happy to be at our destination. The lobby was beautiful. Bright, and clean. Since Trump Towers isn't a casino, you don't have to deal with the noise and crowds. It's nice to have a quite place to come back to. After checking in, we went to find out suite. There are two separate banks of elevators. We were staying on the 50th floor and I can tell you that the elevator can be a ride all on its own. Your ears will pop and your stomach would drop a little. Each suite shares a corridor with the adjacent suite. You have to open a set of double doors before you can open the door to your suite.The suite was HUGE!!!! There's a king size bed, and a pull out couch. You can easily fit 6 to 7 people in there, no problem. There's a mini frige and coffee maker and a flatscreen TV. That's pretty standard. There's also a stove, pots and pans, plates, glasses, and utensils too. That's something I've not seen. Oh... and my favorite part, there's a blender!!! We are so pre-partying and bringing our own booze next time. There's also an ice machine in the hall so definitely no worries there. The bathroom was great. There was a whirlpool tub. A shower stall and a toilet stall. There were double sinks and the bathroom was big enough to have 4 to 5 people in there. Did I mention there was a TV in the mirror? The MIRROR!!!! After resting for a little bit, we decided to go to Rio for their amazing seafood buffet. We ask for a taxi at the valet. The guy said that it would be at least $15 for a taxi and since nobody is asking for the free shuttle to Treasure Island, the shuttle can take us to Rio. We can just tip the driver. That was really nice of them. The driver was a wealth of information too. He gave us plenty of Vegas tips. That night we also asked for more towels and toiletries. Room service showed up with a stack of about 6 towels and a plastic bag full of shampoos and conditioners.Julianne Z. found this place on priceline and got the suite for about $120 a night. That's nothing!!! There is a resort fee of $25 when you check out though. I wouldn't hesitate for stay at the Trump Towers again. The experience was amazing. Expensive, tiny casino/hotel resort rooms be damned!!!
2	all I have to say is...HORRIBLE SERVICE! the only reason why this hotel even got two stars is because of the presentation. on the first day, It took three calls and one and a half hour for the front desk to bring up a toothbrush. if we didn't take the effort to call the third time, I don't think they would've brought up the toothbrush. On the second day, we called for some towels, so we waited and waited.....and WAITED... and the towels NEVER showed up! My friend got so fed up with them, he went downstairs to the lobby to get some towels and toliet paper himself, and they told him that the housekeepers would bring it up to the room. about an hour later, the towels came and when we asked about the toliet paper, they said they RAN OUT! ok, seriously...how can a hotel run out of toliet paper? You also have to pay $15 dollars/a day for valet parking if you are staying at the hotel. When I was leaving, I called the valet desk for them to bring my car up front, and they told me they do not offer that service! The two stars has to be for their decor and presentation of the hotel.  it  was nice and the room was big with a really pretty view. The tv in the bathroom was part of the mirror. but the service is just horrible!
5	I stayed here for only one night--as a little private escape before a grueling trade show week.  A lot of hotels claim to be 5-star, but Trump truly is.  (This is coming from a complete hotel snob, by the way.)  The service was impeccable, the rooms were beautiful, the spa was terrific, the room service was delicious, the poolside "couches" were awesome, and the price was amazing.  I wish I could have stayed here the entire time I was in town.  It's hands-down my first choice for my next Vegas trip!
5	Nice place if you aren't trying to be on the strip and in the middle of all the crazy Vegas action.  The hotel staff really does bend over backward to make your stay relaxing and hassle free.  One of the valets even printed out Map Quest instructions for me on how to get to an address I had to drive to in San Diego from LV after I asked him the best way to get to SD.  I thought that was pretty cool....The pool is very chill but you will be disappointed if you're expecting a party scene.  It's more of a siesta scene although there is a DJ....The rooms are awesome.  Lots of space and everything is top of the line......The only downside for me was that the Trump didn't have any clubs or casino in it, but I realize that is the reason a lot of people want to stay there I can't even take off stars for that.
5	We stayed here for two nights last weekend.  I pricelined it for $100 a night (you can find it for $89 a night now though).  It is located one block off the strip.  The walk isn't bad at all because the street is well-lit and it isn't ghetto or anything.  The lobby is beautiful.  Check in was speedy, however, beware of the $15 resort fee each night they tack on...for what? Not sure.  we forgot all about it though when we got to the room... wow.. absolutely gorgeous!  The room is BIG with one entire wall of built in cabinets, drawers, shelves and kitchen stuff.  There was also a nice plasma TV.  Something I appreciated is that there was ZERO noise from neighboring rooms and the hallway.  Thats one thing i really HATE about some hotels and fortunately, this room was super quiet and private.  THANK YOU TRUMPY!The bathroom is HUGE with a big shower, plenty of space for two.. with a big jacuzzi tub and a built in TV in the vanity mirror!  Spotless space with plenty of towels.  They only give you two soap bars, shampoo, conditioner, lotion and a shower cap.  Nothing special.  The bed was big and soft and super comfy.  The kitchenette was well equipped with everything you'd need, except napkins!  Anyhoo, the kitchen comes with pots, pans, silverware, plates, cups, mugs, wine glasses, salad spinner, pot holders, spatulas, place mats.. all sorts of stuff.  One thing I noticed is that they forgot to take the used coffee filter thingy out of the coffee machine.  Minor mistake, no biggie.  They wash your dishes for you everyday.  YEAH!  LOVE IT!  Also, they give you a few bottles of water every day which I appreciated.  We were on kind-of-a budget so we took cereal from home and just bought milk from the walgreens down the road.  It helped to save a few bucks for breakie.  We also brought our leftovers from the restaurants we went to so the fridge and microwave came in handy.  Hey, times are tough! Gotta do, whatcha gotta do, right?We had a city view (39th floor).  We heard the train passing by the first night but only because we were still awake around 2am.  It wasn't that bad though.  If you are a SUPER light sleeper, then just take ear plugs.  Geez.  Possibly my favorite part has to be the robes!  Yes, robes.  They were soft and comfy and just oh so nice!  They sell them for $125 at the spa but I found them online somewhere for $75 each.  We enjoyed the pool one of the days and it was nice.  I enjoyed the nice pool chairs and the music.  I noticed people waiting a bit for their cars at the valet.  But they seemed to only wait 5-10 minutes.  We just walked and took the DEUCE bus everywhere.  It wasn't bad at all but we really like walking so it depends I guess.  Also, something really nice was that they day we checked out, we went downstairs to leave our suitcases with the front desk because our plane didn't leave until 7pm and the front desk guy offered to extend our checkout until 4PM!  At this point it was 11am and we had other things planned but we thought it was a nice gesture!  Next time we'll take them up on it.    I appreciated that it is a non-smoking hotel.  And we don't gamble, so the lack of a casino actually made our stay more enjoyable.  I HIGHLY recommend this place to all.
4	You want a Five Star hotel Donald? 1. Eliminate the 2 star shower head!2. Valet? What valet! You must come down to the valet stand to get your car. That is crazy! I was told that is standard for Vegas. Well, nothing should ever be standard if you want to be a Five Star property!3. In this town, darkness rules, and the drapes in the rooms let in way too much sunshine!4. Skip the private label soaps and go designer (Molton Brown, etc.)5. The Spa is tops! One of the best my wife and I have ever enjoyed! Just the right size...I think the best in this town, and I've been to three of the "best" in Vegas.6. Really nice rooms or I should  say studio suite.
5	This place is absolutely, positively the best hotel I have ever had the pleasure of staying.  I am a VERY seasoned traveler and have stayed at many 5-star properties.Here are some of the highlights I enjoyed, not in any particular order:1.  Bathroom - HUGE, sparkling clean, large whirlpool bath (fits 2 easily), plasma TV actually INSIDE THE MIRROR, WONDERFUL shampoo and conditioner.  Usually hotel shampoo and conditioner is the worst.  If they sold this stuff in the stores, I would pay a premium for it.2.  Elevators - VERY COOL!  They are soooo fast.  You even feel a breeze when you are moving.  I timed it and got from the ground floor to my 51st floor room in exactly 21 seconds.3.  Service - 1st class!  The bellman was extremely friendly and even told us a little history of what used to sit on the property.  By the way, the hotel sits on the old Frontier lot and an empty area to the north and old parking lot was the Stardust.  I see lots of room in the future for expansion. 4.  Speedy check-in and out.5.  Fast and friendly valet.6.  Well-stocked gift shop.  (I had to buy a Trump polo)7.  Kitchette with ALL Quizanart appliances and even a dishwasher.8.  The bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in at a hotel or at home for that matter.9.  Curtains were great and made it VERY dark in the room..10.  Extremely quiet.  I did not hear so much as a peep from anyone or anything.11.  The furniture was like staying at someones really nice home.12.  The $15 "resort fee" is definately charged per day, but that is a VERY common thing if anyone has done any sort of real traveling around the US or world for that matter.  $15 is on the very low end with $25 the norm at most places in this league.13.  NO SMOKE, No "hotel smell," and not so much as a paint chip on the walls.  I know it is a pretty new place, but when the public gets hold of something, it can go downhill fast.  They keep this place PERFECT.14.  Location, location, location!  It is WONDERFUL.  It is across from the Fashion Mall and casinos are literally 5 minutes away... by foot.  The north end of the strip is a really happening place right now with lots of new things being built and improving.  Trump's place is just incredible and raises the real estate values I am sure.I could go on and on forever, but I will close by saying I expected it to be very nice... heck, it is Donald Trump's place.  But what I experienced was so far above and beyond my expectations, I was totally shocked.  I am not someone easily impressed by hotels and resorts.  Anyone that does not like and appreciate this place must be the Beverly Hillbillies.
2	Hmm: Not quite sure what to say.Vacant filthy lots next to the hotel (pics to follow) Train blowing it's horn as we were trying to relax.  Yes people it blew it's horn several times.  The train tracks were located out the side of our hotel.Nice view of the strip clubs across the filthy lot before the train tracks.What??? No casino!!!! Mr. Trump, what's a girl to do? Had to walk on over to The Wynn.The room was nice and the lobby clean (somewhat gaudy)Fashion Mall across the street. (definitely a star)Just want to say to the guy at the information booth: "You rambled on and on for 15 minutes about us being too late to catch our flight.  I was trying to be polite and smile but in my head I was thinking "SHUTUP ALREADY AND GET US A TAXI" All that talking about how you had missed your flight and there was no way we would make ours.  Guess what?? "WE MADE IT" even after you being so negative! That my dear just lost you another star!
3	Awww, I was looking forward to this having a casino but he only had restaurants open to the public. The rest is just rooms for residents and hotel guests. Good thing I asked the taxi guy about the casino.. cause there isn't one! He said it's because of his bankruptcies in the past. Uh Oh! Maybe he should just hand it over to his son and daughter so they can add a casino to it. Hopefully they haven't gone bankrupt yet.Rating it a 3 because it wouldn't be fair to rate it a 1.
4	I was in Vegas for the weekend and booked my hotel stay at the Trump Hotel. Loved it!The gentleman at the front desk was friendly, courteous and helpful. Especially after the HORRID experience I had just had with Budget Car Rental (to be Yelp'd soon!)! I checked in the room and was in love! The room was cozy yet spacious with the following amenities:Full Stainless Steel FridgeFlat top electric stove and ovenDishwasherMicrowave OvenCuisinart Toaster and BlenderWilliams Sonoma UtensilsGlasses and plate settingsSmall Bar area with sinkCounter top with bar stools and seating for 2Large dining table and "L" Shaped sofa with a fold out bed.3 total TV's- a 46" Flat Screen in the living area another approx.27" in the bedroom and a final approx. 12" in the bathroom mirror. 2 Bathrooms- One in the living area with a sink, toilet and shower. The other main bathroom had a dual shower, double sinks, vanity table and a HUGE jacuzzi tub.I could live in this place! I don't mind the lack of casino as I'm not a gambler. When in Vegas my friends and I are usually trying out the many fabulous restaurants, doing some shopping on the strip and at the outlets or trying out a club/lounge. I thought it was a beautiful hotel, no amazing views and yes it is a bit off the strip amongst a lot of undeveloped land. But I'm not in the hotel the majority of the time and I don't sit gazing out of the window for hours on end. While the view doesn't compare to Mandalay Bay's, the room more than made up for it for me. I had also read here that many reviewers heard trains but I never heard one. Perhaps because it was the weekend? It was pretty peaceful. Also to note, we had been out late on Saturday night and when I called on Sunday morning for late checkout they allowed us to check out at 4PM at no additional charge! Awesome! Overall a wonderful experience! I just wished I could've stayed and enjoyed the beautiful room longer! I'll definitely be back!
5	If you're not that interested in the casino-side of vegas and have a car then stay here if you can.  The rooms are incredible as everyone else has been saying (my group and I did the 20 dollar trick and got upgraded into a suite with a ridiculous bathroom) and can surely fit throngs of cheap college students.  The only thing is it's far from the strip and you'll need to either rely on taxi's or drive yourselves to get to the popular nighclubs/casinos.Either way the deals right now seem really great so if you want a really nice room for the price of a regular vegas room and don't mind being off the strip stay here.
4	Stayed here on my last visit to Vegas, where we had a bachelor and bachelorette party going on (separately).  We got this hotel by chance, because we chose it off of Hotwire.My party had two rooms at this place, so we were able to get adjoining rooms.  Actually, to do that, we had to upgrade (they told us most of the rooms were sold out), but the upgrade was only $20 per room per night, and we ended up with a Strip view on the 47th floor.  The view was absolutely terrific.  We fit 9 people into the two rooms, and it was fairly comfortable.  It's a pretty decked out place, and has a kitchen.In contrast to most other Vegas hotels, this hotel does not have any shows, entertainment, or nightlife in the hotel.  It does have a pool and gym facility, which we made use of and enjoyed.  However, the lack of other amenities could be good or bad, depending on your point of view.  On one hand, it was nice to be able to walk into the hotel and not be bombarded with flashing lights, slot machine beeps, and the like (that's my opinion of most other Vegas hotels)  The Trump is peaceful and classy, if a bit flashy (gold trim and chandelier columns in the lobby).However, the lack of nighlife is a bit of a disadvantage in my opinion.  It's so much more convenient to be able to go to a club, restaurants, and even a show in your own hotel.  It's not a huge knock on this hotel, it just depends what you're more interested in.  I'm glad to have tried this place out.  It's conveniently located next to Fashion Show mall, and across the street from the Wynn (with the Venetian and TI a bit further south on the strip).  All in all, this was a good place to stay for a Vegas trip.
5	I really liked the Trump Hotel because it was just a hotel and no casino.  Although I do like to sit and play the slots here and there, I don't think my sinuses appreciate the cigarette smoke.  Our room was really nice with a view of the strip.  All of the staff was super sweet, sometimes as a gay couple you run into some looks or actions by hotel staff but not here, they all were really great.  The clientele however may be a different story.  However, what do you expect - it's Las Vegas.  Overall I would def stay there again, but there are so many hotels to try out I would def want to try out others before coming back.
5	Boyfriend and I don't really gamble (tho, I do occasionally play some Blackjack or Poker), so when we come to Vegas, it's usually for a different reason -- wedding, or, most recently, Boyfriend's show at the Double Down saloon. Thus, we actually PREFER a hotel with no casino in it. I got a Travelzoo rate several months ago for $109/nt for a King Suite with a view.When we arrived, check-in was VERY efficient and speedy. Our room was on the 55th floor and we had a view straight down the Strip. The room was spacious and had a well-equipped kitchenette (including Sub Zero mini fridge, Bosch microwave and Cuisinart toaster and blender). The bathroom had a huge marble shower and separate Jacuzzi bathtub, double marble sinks and a flatscreen TV INSIDE of the mirror! The furnishings are very clean and modern and the room felt luxurious.The best part of the entire room was the bed! It was easily the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in -- IN MY LIFE! The front desk told me they are made by Stearns & Foster specially for Mr. Trump, but that he thinks something similar is available through the company. The sheets were high TC and the pillows and comforter were lofty and plump. The hotel also offers a 4 p.m. late checkout for no additional charge, which was perfect since we were out until 4 a.m. the night before.My complaints are extremely minor: no call-down service for the valet (but the wait was usually only about 10 minutes), no free WiFi ($12/day is a little steep and I felt it should have been included), no additional toiletries like mouthwash or toothpaste and the shampoo/conditioner wasn't very high quality. Boyfriend also thought there should be some sort of rubber mat for the shower, since it was all marble and was very slippery once wet. My only other comment is that the lobby is a little bit gauche (but, it's Vegas...what lobby isn't?!).All in all, I thought this was a FANTASTIC value and, as I said, the best bed I've experienced in my life. I will definitely be back.p.s. in response to those who say it's "off the Strip," it's not. It's on the older part of the Strip (near Circus Circus), but it's not technically "off-Strip."  Also, when it's 110 degrees outside, I don't know who is actually WALKING from casino to casino, anyway!!! Seriously? Doesn't everyone take a cab everywhere?
5	4.5 StarsI wasn't sure what to expect from this hotel because it's not your typical Vegas hotel. No casino, no smoking, a bit off the strip, etc.The bf & I got upgraded to a one bedroom suite. (We only paid $200 night through Expedia) It had a full kitchen, 2 bathrooms, living room, and a dining room. Too big for 2 people but we totally loved it :) The bathtub was ginormous and the shower had TWO showerheads!! (I think that was the most exciting part of the trip.. haha.)We ended up staying in on Saturday night, ordering room service, and watching a movie. We ordered Buffalo Wings, Burger, side of fries, Mussels, and a Bibb Salad and it was probably the best room service we had. Most room service is overpriced, bland, and not delicious but the Trump was worth it. The only reason why I'm taking .5 Stars off is because of the pool. Trump definitely isn't known for its pool but it looked really sad so I had to hop on over to the Encore pool.Despite the lack of casino, we're definitely planning on staying here again. I loved how quiet it was and how I didn't need to walk through smoke and a throng of people to get up to my room. And it's only a $5-6 cab ride from Encore/Wynn/Venetian/Palazzo.
3	The selling point for Trump has to be that there is no casino -- there's already enough casinos in vegas to choose from, and to have a high end hotel to come back to at the end of the night (or morning =P) that doesn't smell of smoke or have slot machines going off with their cheesy music is nice. I love how the lobby actually smells like honeysuckle instead, it was a wonderful scent to come back to.The staff were generally courteous and nice, though some where a bit aloof and cold, we did meet three really nice valet/cab guys during our stay. The rooms are decent sized for suites, and the bed simply AMAZING. I was tempted to steal the mattress and take it home, but it was my friend's credit card info they had downstairs, so I had to resist. But it was definitely one of the most comfortable beds I've slept on. Housekeeping was quick to bring up whatever we requested (extra towels, blanket) and room service was quick, efficient, and courteous. The jets on the tub were awesome, and it was big enough for me to stretch out comfortably too.Some of the things that I didn't like as much, which brings it down to 3 stars:--internet is $12.99 a day. seriously? the Signature at MGM provides complimentary internet, and they're also an all-suite building like Trump. and not quite as far away too.--it is at the end of the strip, off the strip. It is near the newer casinos, ie wynn/encore, but a bit far for walking to caesar/bellagio. and i don't remember if there was an actual sidewalk to walk on towards wynn, but you can go to nordstrom right across the street at the fashion mall. we cabbed everything, which wasn't bad since we were splitting the cost amongst several people. but if you want convenient access to the strip, it may be a bit far for you.--the toiletries are sub par. maybe this is too minuscule  to actually complain about, but this is Trump international. Donald Trump is putting his name on it, and he's gonna provide his guests with cheap no-name shampoo/conditioner? I've received Bvlgari toiletry products from Mandalay Bay, Trump can do better.but probably most importantly --- our hotel room door did not close/lock. anyone could open it without a key, just turn the stupid knob and push. we let housekeeping and concierge downstairs know about it, but no one came up to fix it. it was like this during out entire stay. we weren't offered the option of switching to another room, which any other hotel would have offered if they couldn't fix the problem, cuz i mean, how unsafe is THAT? but nope, nothing was done. thank goodness nothing was stolen, but we made sure to take the important stuff (credit cards, ids, etc) with us when we left the room. and i guess it was some comfort that there was a guy downstairs checking everyone for room keys to enter the elevators....but shame on you Trump! That was one big no-no. I'm guessing this is an isolated incident, since no one else on yelp complained about this, but they should have resolved this matter ASAP, and been a bit more concerned about its patrons' safety.
5	Sick, sick, sick!!I have been traveling quite a bit in the last 3 years, and I only book rooms in 5 stars hotels (London, Paris, Chicago, Tokyo, Beijing, etc...).  This was one of the best room I ever had.  The bathroom was bigger than my apartment in College, including a flat screen TV built-in the mirror so you can relax in the spa bathtub with view on the mountains... Professionally equipped kitchen (sub-zero appliances), quiet room with panoramic views.I will have to agree that the pool is lacking some character, but still very nice. I love the fact that you are away from the strip, and still only one block away from it (Venetian and Wynn).  No smokey casino, just clean and fresh all around.I can live with the empty parking lots around, to me, it's a fabulous hotel. I booked through Priceline for $110/night in the weekend. Nothing to complain about.
5	Beautiful room, great service, nice facilities.  All in all an exceptional value.  For those of us who like Vegas but don't need to be immersed in the casino-horde experience, this is the great alternative.
3	3.8 StarsI really want to give this place a 4, but I can't.  I didn't have a great experience here or a bad experience here. It's just base on personal opinion!! My stay at the trump tower was fine, but nothing to crazy happened here.  Very quite hotel, more older folks stay here and couples.  I just wanted more excitement, but hey that's me, I'm on Vacay there! i want crazy things to happened, things I can talk about when i come back to the reality world the work world ;-\. .  I did not like how there is a guard there checking your room key, so its not like you can have all your friends come down and pre-drink before you head out.  To me this place is for people who want to come relax and chill, but you can get that else where for that why Vegas?? lol The Pool area is ok, nice people got hit up by a girl there so that was cool ahah.  But there music was wack trying to be like Wet Repub and Rehab music, they need a better DJ, and the view from my room to the pool the water looked dirty! Any who I wouldn't mind staying here again, however it wouldn't be my last choice neither my 1st, 2nd or 3rd choice.  Rather spend another $50-100 a night else where.  Hope this helps a party goer like me!
1	I am editting my review upon reflection to my experience there.  It still isn't great but not as harsh as I was initially.  Edit follows:Donald Trump  What are you thinking?  I'm embarrassed for you.  This is not a 5 star, maybe a 4 star.  Even the official website for this hotel is horrible.  I don't have the time to list every single *GASP* moment on my stay here.  I was overall disappointed.  Rooms were loud, lobby uninteresting although smelled nice.  I thought the ridiculous resort fee for your ugly community style pool that even closes at 8PM so I couldn't use it at night. The wifi wasn't complimentary (even nasty Motel 6 has free wifi),  staff was apathetic and ridiculously min-wage snobby.  It was severaly understaffed.  No call down valet.  So I waited and waited on a valet and subsequently was late for my dinner reservation.  Then upon return to the hotel, I was asked by a valet to park the car myself!!!  Can you believe it? No casino down stairs. No other floor plans other than a king bed and very uncomfortable couch bed (which we were told by staff to make up ourselves).  NICE! TRAIN NOISE IS HORRIBLE and I was on the opposite side of the building and on the 52nd floor!! Oh, almost forgot----the jacuzzi tub in the bathroom appeared to be clean so I got in and tried it out (thinking this is the only nice thing I've encountered at this place).  I got out drained the tub and GROSS!!--some nasty blue, green residue was everywhere on the tub and all over me.  YUCK, NASTY!Really, don't stay here.  Go to a real resort.  Nickel-and-dime place, dirty, loud, poor service among so many other things.
1	Good rooms and great view (city or strip). BUT  extremely poor house keeping . TV in bathroom did not work for 2 out of 3 nights.  Room service light did not work, as the result the room was not serviced, the next day service light was fixed, but then bathroom was not cleaned, there were stains in the toilet bowl.  The door bell did not work during our entire stay.  The pots, pans, plates provided by hotel were to be cleaned by house keeping, they did not clean those, these were just left over in the sink.Horrible house keeping and maintainence.  Does not deserve the TRUMP name. This was less than a comfort inn in service.No Free Wi-Fi - in this day and age this is like asking you to pay for towels.  Also beware the way this hotel is made YOUR CELL PHONE and USB WI-FI will not work  till you hang next to the big glass windows.
5	I used priceline to get a room here because we wanted to go to Vegas without staying in a hotel/casino.  I had read that if you "name your own price" and lowball it, you'll almost always get Trump, so I was happy I took this route.We had the studio with the "bad" view because we didn't want to pay to upgrade and weren't savvy enough to try the $20 trick.  Note: if you want to upgrade the traditional way, it's $25/night for a better view and $50/night for a 1 bedroom.  The resort fees were $15/day and while you used to have to pay a $22/day surcharge for gym and $14/day surcharge for overnight parking, both of these are no more.The studio was pretty spacious (mind you, this is my first time going to Vegas so I'm not able to compare it to any other hotels).  Most importantly, it was extremely clean.  When we decided to go away for the weekend, we heard about dirty Vegas hotels and wanted to stay away from these... so we were relieved that everything was spotless.  There was a hot plate and mini-fridge, as well as a microwave and some cookware, but we didn't use any of these.  The bed is really comfy though I think as others pointed out, the mattress is considerably smaller than the bed frame.The bathroom is flipping awesome... maybe it's because I have a cramped bathroom at home, but first off - there's a giant jacuzzi and a giant shower - both of which are separate.  The bathroom is the size of the dorm room I had in college.  And the robes that you can use are really comfy too.The pool is fine - I doubt that it's as flashy as most Vegas pools but it was perfectly okay by us.  Lots of people drinking in there, but also a lot of kids.  This seemed to be one of the more family-friendly hotels, since you don't need to walk through a casino to get to the rooms nor are you inhaling second-hand smoke 24/7.  The smoke-free environment was a big plus for us, as was having no casino.  The location is off the strip, but it was about a 5-minute walk from the Wynn.  There is also a free shuttle to TI that runs every 15 minutes, btu we just walked to the strip and took the bus to get to places like Mandalay Bay.  During the day, you can cut through Fashion Show Mall to get to the strip if the heat/lack of a good pedestrian environment (i.e., sidewalks) gets to you.  There were plenty of cabs at the entrance, but we didn't want to pay an absurd amount to travel in 1/12 mile increments.  The staff was all friendly and accommodating.  We checked in just after noon on Friday and did the 4pm late checkout, which was really nice because we were able to make a few last stops before hitting the road.  If we ever visit Vegas again, we plan on staying here again!
3	Stayed here over Labor day weekend. I used priceline and got the room for $190/night, which was ok for a 5 star hotel for that weekend. The location is ok if you want to go to the mall but it's too far away from any casinos and from the center of the strip. I didn't like paying $15 per day for the resort fee. We ordered a hamburger with room service and one hamburger ended up costing us $30. There were some weird looking people there and the first night someone pulled the fire alarm and we were ordered to evacuate via the stairs from the 29th floor. Would not really want to stay here again.
5	Don't know if maybe they've improved service since some of the bad reviews, but my wife and I had a perfectly, wonderful time at the Trump this past Labor Day.  First, our room was reedonkulus.  They upgraded us for free to a 1 bedroom suite.  Huge, immaculately clean room.  The living room had it's own full bath with shower.  The master bath had a huge jacuzzi bath that was cleaned to a spit shine.  I like cheesiness, so the TV embedded in the mirror got me.  I like the "Cribs" factor.  Also a main reason to go here is that it's completely non-smoking.  The air in most Vegas hotels gives my wife asthma and sets off my allergies bigtime. Here, the air is scented with some nice perfume (not old grandma but more like some kind of faint lavender).  I also like the fact that coming home drunk doesn't instantly guarantee me losing all that's left in my wallet on the casino floor.  I think the fact that they don't have a casino makes them more likely to want you to stay in your room, at the pool, etc.  Anyways, spent quite a few hours by their pool getting mojitos and listening to classic 80s and some hip hop.  Pretty good scene.   For the priceline tag of $150, can't beat it.
2	More concerned about lawsuits than customer's well being.Their doors slam like no doors I have ever seen! The door slammed on my wife's toe and she was bleeding. They didn't want to give her an Advil because it would mean that they admit its their fault!Oh and the resort fee is just irritating!
5	"We're so happy you guys are back!"That's exactly what the our doorman/valet guy told us every time we arrived back to the Trump from going out. This place is legit I tell you when it comes to their service. You are always greeted with a happy door man/ valet guy when you arrive and they are always trying to find you a deal if you ask. Our guy last night found us a cheap deal for a Hummer limo to get to XS (club at Encore) for only $50. My girls and I fell in love with him. My other girl friend got an extremely bad burn from a motorcycle yesterday and we called the front desk to get us some ointment. They sent us a worker who not only gave her ointment and badges at 2:30am , but the guy looked over the burn, gave her basically a diagnosis and prognosis and all at 2:30AM! When we went to the swimming pool, we asked for towels. They sat us down at a row of chairs, which included couch beds, and laid out all of  our towels on our chairs for us. BTW.. try tanning at the pool at the shallow end where the water is only about 2-5 inches deep. It definitely beats and is cooler than sweating your butt off at your lounge chair in 100 degree weather. Besides the service, our room was awesome. You had to enter a door into a small walk area before getting to the bedroom itself. This made sure outside noise in the hall wouldn't bother us while we got our deep sleep. And our deep sleep was a contribution from the thick curtains that made  our room so dark, that we thought it was 3am when it was actually noon. Our cute kitchen, had a skillet, coffee cooker, utensils, fridge and toaster that were helpful when we warmed up our left overs from eating out. And the bed.. boy was it comfy. Soft bed back board, down pillows and blankets to sink into. I felt I was in heaven. And the hotel itself was just clean and gorgeous. This hotel, I mind you, does not have a casino and does not permit smoking. To compensate for that, you get AWESOME and I mean AWESOME customer service. I felt like the Trump was my home to go to after going out on the strip. (Yes, this is basically half a mile or less from the strip, and exactly a 5 minute drive to the Wynn. That was awesome, considering we only partied at the Wynn or Encore any way). And we got a sweet deal on Orbitz for only $250 for two nights!My girlfriends and I just might make the Trump our getaway place from now on when we go to LV.
5	We booked this hotel via Expedia as a Fly/Hotel package deal back in May and stayed September 25-28, 2009.  We booked a regular suite during our original reservations.  However, upon arrival (and after flashing my military ID card) the young lady upgraded us to a one bedroom suite.  Check-in was great.  However, they didn't have our reservation in the system when we arrived which worried us.  We were told that reservations coming in from Expedia weren't actually input right away.  I said, "Uuh yeah but we've had these reservations for months so how would be have been assured of the room we pre-paid?"  She said it happens all the time and no biggy.  After a phone call it was taken care of with no problems.When we arrived in our apartment we just about went crazy!  Absolutely BEAUTIFUL.  The place was HUGE and in all honesty, two of us could have lived here indefinitely. haha!  Huge living room, dining area, full kitchen with Sub-Zero appliances...real/beautiful oven, dishwasher, etc...all stainless.  Granite counters, all utensils, plates, cups, glasses, etc.  There was a full bathroom off the living room.  Flat screen TV and a great sectional.   Then you go into the huge bedroom with a California king bed/featherbed.  Another flat screen, TONS of closets, storage and a safe.   And now the best part...you walk into the master bathroom that is as big as the bedroom...HUGE walk-in 2 shower headed shower (room enough for like 6 people), a jacuzzi tub, a separate water closet, a desk/light (yes in the bathroom), double vanity with a TV built into the mirror...fabulous!!!The service was amazing, the room service (which we had several times) was great, and the bedding/linens were very high end.  We loved it that The Trump does NOT have a casino so they concentrate solely on your hotel stay without the distraction of others coming into the hotel demanding service.  We'll DEFINITELY stay here again when we come to Vegas.  It's DIRECTLY across the street from The Fashion Mall (which is great) and a little off the main strip which we also liked a lot.I can't speak of this place highly enough...stay here, you'll LOVE it!!
5	We stayed here last year for our girls only trip and I must say that the Trump International Hotel had one of THE best customer service ever!It started off with an effortless check-in with Chris, who helped us in obtaining the best room possible! Thank you! I loved our room, which was really similar to The Signature in the one-bedroom suite layout. The best part of this room was the TV inside the mirror!!! SO cool! Staff was super nice and always made sure we were taken care of when obtaining a taxi/limo, opening doors for us, greeting us, the whole work. I felt like VIP here. One late night, three of us wanted to go to the Wynn and tried walking there in the semi-dark night, and the Escalade that worked for Trump saw us and told us it wasn't safe to do so and gave us a free ride there! When you turn on the TV in the living room, it also says "Welcome to Trump International, (insert name here). And they have this cool tic-tac-toe game on the living room coffee table to pass the time. The pool is a little small, but relaxing if you prefer a more chill atmosphere. Right next to Fashion Valley Mall with a quick stroll, which  leads you into Bellagio. No casino here, but there is a fine dining restaurant downstairs by the lobby.Oh, and watch out for those squeaky clean rotating doors... They have been known to cause injuries to intoxicated people. Definitely a hotel to stay at and on par with The Signature. Love.
4	The Trump is a great value. All rooms have kitchens, so you can eat in if you like. The rooms are quite nice, especially the high-quality beds. A really nice interior. As some have said, the pool is poor and there is no casino. As well, it is not an easy walk across the street due to the traffic. These issues aside, this is one of the best values on the Strip.
4	We are currently staying on the 51st floor of Trump International Hotel.  The room is perfect, very well-appointed and luxurious.  However, our room faces away from the strip and there is a train track that runs one block away, all day and night, and it is really loud.  This hotel seems to have no insulation because we can hear the highway and the train at all hours, helicopters flying by, etc.  So it's like a dichotomy here, of absolute luxury tempered with Motel 6-like noise level.  At this very second I can hear a helicopter going by.  When the trains roll through blowing its horn, you almost have to stop talking and wait for it to go by before resuming. The staff here couldn't be nicer though, and the room is gorgeous.  I would prefer to be able to walk more easily to the strip or wherever, but the heavy traffic on Fashion Show Road makes that difficult.  Valet parking-only makes it necessary to wait, and tip, every time you need your car brought around too.We would stay here again if we could get a room facing the strip rather than the train tracks.
4	This is definitely not a five star resort but I will add you get what you pay for. If you are there for the spa, pool and food and are ready to drop some serious coin, I can see how someone could have a great experience there. If you get the $80 special from priceline...well you deserve to hear the train blow at night. As for me.....priceline special. I definitely heard the train but only when I was awake. It never woke me up. The bathroom was phenomenal, room nice enough. What I hated is that you could not get a coke anywhere other than room service after the gift shop closes. I don't mind the occasional $5.00 soda but room service would have run me over $12 for the soda. If you are in Vegas for gambling...I would rate this place 2 stars. It is a pain to get back and forth to other casinos besides the Wynn. If you are there for shopping....this place get 5 stars as it is next to one of the best malls I have ever been in, in Las Vegas I hope I have confused you enough. Happy stays
4	Yes. Kitchen with full-sized Frigidaire (or was it Sub-Zero?) appliances. Dining area with breakfast table. Full living room with sectional couch and flat TV, and a small bathroom that includes a shower. Bedroom has a flat TV and two almost-walk-in closets. Bedroom also has a ginormous bathroom with a separate bathtub, shower, separate turlet, and that flat TV embedded in the mirror that everyone keeps raving about. We got this enormous room for $80 a night on a WEEKEND. I doubt it's always this inexpensive. Minus one star for the teeny swimming pool and substandard fitness facilities.
2	I'm a weekend road worrior/traveler to say the least.  I like nice hotels and comfy beds and service with a smile but in the same turn pretty low mantainence.  With that said, I stayed at the "new" Trump Hotel in Las Vegas (which I visit about 3-4 times a year) September 25-27, 2009Having stayed at many 4 and 5-star hotels I've become quite familiar with the type of services that should be included or give an added touch.  While the Trump great decor and incredibly fast room service, I think they have some kinks to work out before being given a 5-star rating.Cons: 1. though central, the hotel is pretty isolated2. The pool is incredibly small as is the surrounding pool area3. No food or drink was allowed at the pool area - WHAT?!4. The work out room was incredibly small (though had some good machines)5. No dvd player6. Minimal dishes, no pots and pans7. they don't have tea with the in-room coffee - you have to ORDER it with a fat service charge from room service8. decor was nice but very "cold"9. turn down service for the pull-out never came10. Doors were heavy and often slammed - which is a pain considering you share a suite enterance with your neighbor11. Signage to find your way around (like restrooms) need to be re-evaluated12. hotel bar was incredibly small ESPECIALLY since there is no casino13. No in-suite bar (snacks, drinks etc.)It felt like a retirement home vs. a luxury stay in Vegas.  Next time I will keep make another reservation at the Signature.Pros: it was pretty quiet - - no drunkin' "just turned 21" year olds running around.  Room service was quick but the food was "ok" (did the trick for midnight munchies but cost $60 :) The Lobby Decor is pretty exceptional.
4	Beautiful hotel.... I loved that there wasn't a casino in it or tons ofcrazed smokers. This hotel was super elegant with comfortableeverything. I was in the lap of luxury.My favorite feature was the LCD inside the bathroom mirror, so youcould brush your teeth and watch t.v. at the same time. Although, thenovelty of it washed away quickly, the deep bathtub (that can mostcertainly fit 2) was just as great. Ahhhhhh.......Also, every morning we ordered breakfast to the room. Not only was it absolutely delicious, but the service was phenomenal!If you're looking for an elegant time in Las Vegas, Trump Hotel is the way to go!
4	When I first checked in, I was greeted with not the most friendliest front desk clerks. She was very condescending and short with her comments. Fortunately, my stay there was nothing but spectacular from then on. This hotel has by far exceeded any other hotel I've stayed in when it comes to customer service. The concierge compiled a list of clubs for my girlfriends & I to enjoy for the night and suggested a few shows that were must sees on the strip. I wanted to eat at Olives restaurant, but when I arrived there I was told that it was reservation only. I called the concierge and let her know the situation. She not only remembered who I was from hours prior, but she placed me on hold, called Olives and was able to book me a reservation within 15 minutes. The valet/bell service was amazing as well. Completely professional and prompt when it came to picking up my bags and getting my car. They even held my bags after I had checked out so I could enjoy the spa. One of them had even noticed that 2 of my friends were following me to my room, so they called and asked if I wanted robes & slippers delivered so that my guests could be more comfortable. During my stay, I also had a spa treatment. I couldn't resist considering I only paid $100 for the room and was given a $50 spa credit. The spa staff was very attentive, and made sure I was completely calm, relaxed & void of any stressors. When I checked out, the bell staff did one more amazing thing....they personally drove me in a complimentary SUV to the airport. Their reasoning was because I can't come out of the spa relaxed, to sit in a cramped, smelly cab to the airport.The rooms were averaged size suites, with a kitchen, large bathroom (complete with an embedded TV in the mirror) and pull out bed sofa. The pool is small and private which is nice in comparison to the Palazzo where you have to fight for a spot on the weekends.I've already booked my next stay in December & can't wait to enjoy another spa day after my half marathon run.
1	Never staying in this Hotel again... In fact, I will never trust any Trump product anymore... He is fired from my list!!!!! The staff needs to take a "customer service 101" class with pre-requisite if needed. Just smile guys/gals!!! There is extra charge for everything!!! Never heard before in my life "Pool fee - $15"!!!  What if I don't use the pool??? Do I get that $15 back??? WTF??? We had to change my room 3 times!!! The carpet was all wet in the different areas on the first room. The second room had no buth tub (LOL!!!). In the morning I was taking shower, the water just shut down!!! I was sooooooo upset, called the front desk, and they spoke to me as if "What's the big deal" (LOL!!!). Then the water came in after 45 mins... all dirty!!! I actually brought some sample of that water to send it to a lab!!! May be I just had a bad weekend over there, but you be the judge... how should I rate this hotel when I experienced all of the above??? :-)
3	While this hotel was decent, I will not stay here again.Pros:-Smells great-Good clientele--no young kids-TV in the bathroom-Got a good deal on hotels.comCons:-Sheets were stained -Windows were dirty-Customer service (or lack there of!!!)-Used coffee grounds in coffee maker when we arrived-Shower door was broken-Salt shaker in restaurant was cracked-Hair dryer was thrown in cabinet when we arrived (not put away correctly)-Shower water took forever to heat upBasically, there is a lack of detail to attention at this hotel.  There is no excuse for dirty sheets or trash left in the room.  I was probably just spoiled from my three night stay at the Ritz prior to arriving at the Trump but, I will definitely find a different place to stay next time.  This hotel is off the beaten path so, if I am going to have to pay for cab rides everywhere, the hotel better be perfect!!Trump was great for the price but definitely NOT a five star or even a four star hotel.  If you want great service and a perfect hotel, stay at the Ritz Carlton in Lake Las Vegas.
4	I wish that I could pack up that freaking huge bathroom and bring it back home with me, but alas, I think the front desk staff might notice.  That tub was obscene and fantastic, two elements I like in my tubs.The room was really nice, and the fact that it was off of the strip slightly was a bonus in my book (really, it wasn't a bad walk at all and there were sidewalks... we never felt unsafe).  The front desk staff was nice, and we never had to wait more than a few minutes for the valet.Yes there was a resort fee, I didn't mind because I got a really good rate on the room, had I payed full price I might have been more put out by it.I would stay here again for sure when I go back to Vegas, after all it is within walking distance to Nordstrom and the Erotic Heritage Museum, you can't go wrong with those two!
4	This was my second time at the Trump and I am please again. I appreciate that this hotel is simply a hotel and not a casino. ...  My stay was quiet, smoke-free, and restful. The prices are so reasonable! The walk from valet to the lobby check-in to the elevator is accessible and not a journey through a casino or to the other side of the hotel. If you're ready to go out on the town and need a taxi, the bell boy will happily and quickly hail one for you immediately. The rooms are amazing! Each room is fully furnished with modern furniture, the beds are so comfortable I did not want to get out of bed, and the bathrooms are unbelievable - marble showers, a TV in the mirror, a full jet spa tub - amazing! The pool is great, too. Nice and relaxing with no loud groups of frat boys being idiots or little kids splashing in the pool. There is also a restaurant (DJT) and bar in the lobby with a live piano player at nights. There are a few bad things about the hotel: location. Sort of off the strip and the other side of the street is strip club row. Then, there is only one restaurant in the hotel which has hours from 6-11 and 5-9:30 or something. They were always closed when we were hungry so we opted for the one and only other cafe at the pool (read my H2eau review on Yelp). Finally, there is a train nearby that woke me up at 7am. Really, Trump, you couldn't get some sound-proof windows??Would stay here again for the great amenities and prices but would go for a room away from the train!
4	very nice accommodations. while it is off the strip, it's close to the hot spots (XS, Tao) and very very convenient. cab ride is no more than $10. love the two bathrooms! perfect when rooming with girls. also liked that it was easy in/out. no getting lost with multiple entrances. quite a roomy and affordable hotel with a high level of service.
1	PLEASE BE ADVISED:  They only have rooms with 1 King sized bed and the other bed is a Queen SOFA bed.Also, it's suppose to be quite far from the strip... out by the Palms and Luxor.I booked through Priceline and they will not refund me for an off strip room for 1... despite my parameters being the opposite.
4	We spent a very nice two nights at Trump in October 2009.  Service was friendly and attentive, especially the valets.  Our "studio" room was up to date, clean and modern.  Stall shower was larger than my master bath (just kidding, but almost...).  This is a "hotel only" property with no casino.  Experience for us was relaxing.  Pool area was beautiful, but not as flashy as a casino.  On its merits, Trump is a fine hotel; we simply prefer a more centrally-located property with a casino, which we selected when we booked through hotwire.   Two issues keep us out of "five star" territory:First, the $15.00 pp "resort fee" is a hidden (i.e., "fine print" not included in in the rate quote) per night cost that adds up.  I don't mind paying $15.00/day for parking, but not an unexpected $30.00/day for two people.  It is non-negotiable, regardless of whether you use the pool, or parking, or the very nice gym.  If this is not a hidden cost, and everyone is charged this amount, then it should be built into the rate of the room, so no one is surprised.  If I want a customer to return to my business, I don't spring hidden costs on them.  There can be no other motivation for structuring the price this way.Second, location.  More centrally located and I could give Trump five stars.  As it is, I booked our room for two through hotwire and don't intend to use hotwire again as it advertised this hotel as being "Central Strip," which it isn't.  Evidently, we neglected to read map in advance showing "Central Strip" as being a large, expansive area that includes this hotel on the corner of Fashion Show Drive and Industrial Avenue.  It is 2000' off Las Vegas Blvd. behind the old Frontier property and at least 20 minutes' or so brisk walking from Caesar's Palace.  We asked hotwire to allow us to rebook immediately and they pointed me to the fine print.  Hotwire is correct that "a deal is a deal," and I won't be "deal" -ing with hotwire any longer.
4	I was originally blown away by the Trump, but then I went back... This time I had a studio, nice and all, but some details really bothered me.  Our room neighbors had lunch in their room and left their tray around 3pm... the tray was still laying in the hallway when we came back at midnight!!One of our pillow cover had a gigantic pink stain, and the other had a big hole.The toilet paper is as good as you expect... from an airport maybe?The shower was clogged and draining.Anyway, still a great hotel, just not as perfect as I originally thought.
4	My absolute favorite hotel to stay at when in Las Vegas for business.  It is easy to get homesick when on a biz trip, especially for an extended stay, which makes it crucial to find a hotel which represents a pseudo home away from home.Bottom line: luxurious room + respectable rate + no casino + no obnoxious tourist crowds + no smoking = a content Burrito.
4	The 4 stars are for 2 things; the ginormous jacuzzi tub (I took 2 baths, but go easy on the bubbles or they'll rise up over your head!) and THE best blow dryer I have ever used (I am a blow dryer connoisseur). My hair has never been better and I can't wait to get my hands on one...it puts my T3 to shame.   This was a Priceline deal, $117 a night to celebrate my sister's 40th bday.  We went to see Bette Midler and relax and play some penny slots.  The Trump hotel was all I expected it to be with gold here and sparkles there and random horse head statue on the desk in the room....  The resort fee is nothing short of majorly lame....but considering that you can probably get a really cheap rate for the room, you can just add it to the cost and still have a decent price per night.  The funky crowd at the pool is proof of the bargain rates.....but this gal likes a bargain too so I can't fault anyone else now, can I? :)
1	Okay, so Trump is supposed to be a 5 star. It's nice inside BUT the hot water doesn't work until 2 or 3 am. If you take a shower in the normal times that most people do, it only gets to be warm..not hot. The toilet paper was soooo CHEAP for a 5 star. I mean, really? They couldn't pay a couple extra bucks for good toilet paper?!?  No shampoo was put into our bathroom any of the times the room had been cleaned. I thought it was the norm to have shampoo in the bathroom. Maybe it was forgotten but details should be remembered when running a 5 star. Especially if you're traveling out of state and don't want to pay for a taxi to get to a store to buy shampoo. They also have a loud train that comes by in the morning....SUPER loud. We were even on the 39th floor so we "wouldn't have to hear the train." Not so good when you are trying to recover from the night before.The BIG thing that sent me over the edge is the maid service. I still feel sick just thinking about it. Well, Trump hotel has a 4pm late checkout time. Our flight wasn't until 8:30 later that night. So, we decided to get our things together so we could go do some more sight seeing before leaving Vegas and have a quicker checkout. I made sure all my things were in my closet so nothing was left out. We had been gone for about 4 hours, came back to checkout and have our bags held so we could go finish up our last hours in Vegas. Well, to our surprise, the room had been cleaned BEFORE we had even checked out, my things were crammed into my suitcase...including my sequined dress and MY $200 FLAT IRON WAS STOLEN!!!!!! It's been about over 3 weeks now and they haven't done anything about it! They told us it would be "4-7 days to investigate". They haven't returned our calls and messages or even answered any calls. I'm so upset and I feel so violated. I will never stay there AGAIN...EVER! If anything good comes from this, I will update my review. Until then, I am furious with them.
4	Viva La Trump!!This hotel was perfect for our group of 3 and had plenty of room when the gang of + 6 came over to drink before going out. I loved how huge the bathroom was meaning 4 girls could get ready at one time without being in each other's way. I couldn't hear any hall noise thanks to the extra door on the outside of our suite and for the couple of hours I did get to sleep, the bed was really comfortable. I would do it again!
3	Pros:1. The suites are sweet.2. TV in the bathroom is cool.3. The price wasn't too shabby.4.  Lovely pool area, lovely music.Cons:1.  The lobby smells like old, overly perfumed ladies.  Please tone down the scented air conditioning.  It made me want to yak.2.  The service kinda sucks.  It took over an hour for housekeeping to bring extra glasses to our room.  I called the front desk to report that our alarm clock/stereo did not work and was told that I might not be able to get it replaced with a working one...wtf?  We were charged extra for our service fees.  3. The hotel restaurant is OVERPRICED for the food.  Seriously, the eggs benny was not very tasty and it was $20.All in all, I probably will not come back here unless they are offering a steal of a deal.
4	the trump intl is an awesome hotel to stay at... just spent halloween weekend there and we had a great time... the suite had a king size bed, pull out sofa bed, flat screen tv, modular cabinetry pieces, and a kitchenette (with a full size sink, 2 burners, microwave, and a dorm size sub zero fridge)... the bathroom had a jacuzzi tub, large shower enclosure (that could probably fit 3 or 4 people), and a tv built into the mirror... had brunch at their cafe/bar at the pool & spa level, and had a really good chicken caesar salad... they also make a really good bloody mary also... they also brew illi coffee which helps in the morning from the previous night engagements...  there are 2 flatscreen tvs at the bar to catch a game and another tv just by the cafe...  the pool area is spacious and there is plenty of room to layout and tan... they had a dj there spinning music during our weekend stay...  the gym is a decent size...  they had eliptical machines, tread mills, and weight machines there...the trump intl is a non-gaming casino but that doesn't take anything away from this fine establishment... the wynn and encore is only a 5 to 10 minute walk away for those who want to gamble and place a bet... the trump intl is technically not on the strip but it's not that far off the strip either... it's a simple walk across the street into nordstrom and you can walk through fashion mall to reach the strip... it's not far at all... it would be nice if someone would paint a cross walk for the trump patrons crossing the street to the mall though... i would definitely stay here again on my next visit to LV... h-100...
4	This place is amazing! Got a great deal on Priceline for $130 per night. At first I was disappointed because I didn't know too much about it, but I was floored when we arrived. It's gorgeous!! The lobby is true to Trump with all the gold, but it wasn't over the top obnoxious. I love that there wasn't a casino with all the loud obnoxious sounds. I loved the smell of the hotel with a hint of floral freshness instead of disgusting smoke that all the other hotels have. The service was exceptional. We were always greated with a friendly smile and treated impecably. The door man remembered us and I found that very impressive. My friend and I were laying out (both of us females) and our cockatil waitress immediately came over to help us out. She was very attractive and I was really hoping she wouldn't give us an attitude since she couldn't flirt with us... SERIOUSLY I can't tell you how often that happens. We had the perfect hangover remedy and indulged on bloody marys (veggies) and their bowl of refreshing berries and fruit. I was so impressed by her service. She kept our spicy bloody marys full (which are amazing by the way), brought us some much needed H20 and gave our water extra scoops of ice to keep it refreshed. She wasn't too pushy, but didn' t forget us either. We hooked her up with a nice tip! The rooms are very spacious! They had a stove, tea kettle, Ipod alarm clock, tons of drawers and cabinets. The tub was HUGE and the bathroom even had a tv in it. They have 2 luxurious robes that you can take home for the bargain price of "$125"... yeah we didn't keep ours, but if you really wanted to, you could.The Wynn is a short walk away and Nordstroms is litterally across the street and is your closest enterance to Fashion Mall. What's not to love about that?! I would be back in heart beat. Excellent value, excellent quality!!!
4	Pros:- Amazing room, Wolf/Sub-Zero appliances, HUGE bathroom, great furniture, luxurious bed- Price was right (would be double anywhere but Vegas)- Staff were very polite, friendly and helpfulCons:- Location. At the bottom of the strip, so expect to cab it pretty much anywhere- Food.  Eggs Benedict were ok at best and cost $20Would definitely stay here again.
4	4 stars for the ambiance, bathrooms and style of the decor.The room service was timely yet priceyThe workout facilities were very goodBusiness Center was available to print out boarding passes, complimentaryIf your a shopper, it is a great location!
1	This is not a five star hotel !!!  I checked in and the desk agent said she would give me a high floor suite for the noise level. I was on the 53rd floor and the train horn was so loud I could hear it in bed. It woke me out of my sleep. The room was nicely designed but there was a major lack in the attention to detail. The carpet had two huge stains. The bathroom tv was not working. The worst part was the bed. The mattress was so sunken in on one side of the bed it was like sleeping on a ski slope. Terrible nights sleep.   My dining experience was very average. Both for dinner and breakfast they were very understaffed and the service was spotty. timing for the food was extremely slow and the dishes all came out barely warm.   The part that really upset me is when I complained to the front desk upon check out about my experience. The agent brushed it aside and basically cut me off. She couldn't have made it more obvious that she just wanted to get me out of there. After this experience I would never stay at another Trump Hotel.  the trump was no better than a Marriott in my book. When in Vegas stay at the Encore. There you will experience five star service.
2	Ok,where to start. We stayed for 3 nights Nov19-21 and each night we had a different room, why you ask, because of the faulty switches in the spa tubs. The first handicap room we were placed in had a tub shower combo, the tub did not work at all, the shower head literally came up to our waist. (when I have stayed in other hotels and been placed in an accessible room, the staff has always had the courtesty to ask if this was ok). The tub in this room did not work at all. The next room we moved to the tub worked for about 5 minutes before it was obvious that water was in the switch, not wanting to move again, I thought I will just try again later, maybe the switch will dry out. It did not. We called the front desk and they sent maintenance up who told us they ran out of switches about a week ago??? Finally the third room we got to had an operable unit, but also a cracked swtich so I doubt it will work for the lucky party that gets the room next. Also, there was blue contractors tape in the room, highlighting where things needed to be touched up. The bell stfaf who gave us the keys to this room literally played door bell ditch, handing us the keys and trying to run off without giving us the room number. Several other notes, the parking is valet only which is great expect you get your car back with bird poop all over it. Also I asked the bell staff for champage glasses after our first room move. I tipped him and he said no problem, guess what, never got any glasses. This is a beautiful hotel and my mom and I stayed when they first opened and the service was immpecable. I realize the economy is bad and they have had too do some downgrades, (rooms stocked with less equipment, no water at check in or from valet, no more truffles at night, personal letters or slippers in the room, but you can't be a 5 star without the service. Again, the rooms a beautiful and  you can beat the value, but the service sucks, and moving to a new room daily...not so relaxing. On our final night, at about 1020pm, we srpung out of bed to an alarm from security , with a man on loudspeakers directly into the room announcing everything was all clear, this announcement went off another time about 20 mins later , a little alarming considering we didn't get any previous announcements stating a problem. Was there a fire in the building and we should have already been downstairs, were there armed gunman in the hallways. I know this sounds a bit dramatic  but we honestly wondered these things based on the announcement and when we finally got thru to the hotel operator (phones were jammed) she said nothing other that everything was fine now. Maybe I should be thankful I got out alive.
4	The Trump International is located right across the street from the Fashion Show Mall about a block from the strip.  You may appreciate this if you want a more private and secluded hotel to stay in.  You may hate this if you're into the busy action on the strip and nightlife.  Personally, I liked how it was sort of "exclusive" and secluded from the strip and having the mall right across the street during Black Friday was super convenient.Since the Trump International was supposed to be a condo tower, there is no casino and public parking structure... which means it's super quiet in the hotel at night (which can be good or bad, depending on your preference again) and nightly valet parking.  Personally, I don't like strangers driving my car 'cause they mess with the radio, rear view mirrors, and so on.  I don't care if I'm as wealthy as Paris Hilton, I'm pretty sure I will always prefer to park my own car.  Therefore, I didn't dig handing over the car whenever we wanted to go into our room and waiting at least 10 minutes for valet to retrieve our car.Now onto the thing I REALLY enjoyed:The room we were given was huge.  There was mini kitchen (fridge, stove, pots, pans, food, sinks, etc.), a dining table, a living room area with a pull-out couch/bed, a bedroom with one Queen-sized bed, and two complete bathrooms.  Of course the one in the living room was smaller but completely usable with a sink, toilet, and decent sized shower.  The "master" bath, however, was insane.  I think it was probably bigger than my own bedroom at home...  The shower was AMAZING with dual shower heads and big enough to fit 4-5 people!  There was also a television in the mirror.  BEST BATHROOM IN A HOTEL EVER, I must say.  Our room could easily accommodate 15-20 comfortably.Speaking of rooms, if safety and security is a big issue with you, you'll love the Trump.  In order to get to your room, you have to enter a card key into one door, which will take you into a little foyer with two doors (you and your neighbor).  Then you'll have to enter your card key in your designated room.  I felt super safe and I really appreciated it... though I'm pretty sure the only reason they did that was because this was supposed to be a condo, but whatever.If you want to stay in a luxe, private, quiet hotel, then this is definitely your spot.
5	Loved my stay here - the room is spacious with excellent and tasteful amenities. The bed is extremely comfortable and the bathroom is very nice. Service was impeccable - everyone we met (from the valet staff to front desk to housekeeping) was friendly and helpful. Location is not bad either. This hotel will be my first choice when I come back to Vegas again!
4	This hotel is good for the price ($120 per night), they gave us a free upgrade to strip view suite, because we're first time guests.  Pros:The room is great, bed is very conformable, bathroom is amazing, it is very quite (because there is no gambling area in the hotel, i guess there are less people), smoke free facility, service is good and fast.Cons: There is a mandatory resort fee $15 per day (I think), which is kind of rip off, I wish Priceline can filter these kind of fees out.this place is valet only, but the problem is the location is off the strip (about a 6 mins walk to Wynn), so if you want to walk around at night on the strip you can either walk, call a taxi or take the valet out, just not so convenient.  And the valet speed is slow (up to 18 mins to get my car) when busy.Over all if you are paying less the $140 per night for this hotel then it's worth it.
4	one New Year's resolution is to write more Yelp reviews, so here goes...Overall solid luxury hotel value bargain with good service provided by all from the doorman to housekeeping. Stayed at Trump on NYE. Like many other reviews, booked by Priceline & got a great rate considering rates anywhere in Vegas on NYE. The room was super nice, well appointed with vast storage space, fabulous bathroom with a great jacuzzi tub which the girlfriend loved, equipped with a fully functional mini kitchen, and just plain big. Great place to stay just off the Strip near the Wynn/ Encore. Not too far from Treasure Island, Palazzo, Venetian, Mirage, & Caesar's Palace, but far enough to be quiet & restful when you actually want to sleep.There are 2 complaints, however: valet only parking & a crazy fee for internet in the room. Really? There's numerous roach motels with free wifi, but not the Trump. Oh well, all things considered, I'd likely stay again. I just don't understand how luxury does not include internet.
5	If you're of the party crowd, pass on. If you're looking a casino hotel, pass on. If you're looking the best hotel location, pass on. Us: a mid/late twenties couples that booked a 4-star through priceline NYOP and got a two night stay at the Trump for $80 with taxes. At first, we were upset because the hotel is slightly north of all the action, and a block west of las vegas boulevard. But then, we realized all the extras that we'd get:- a very quiet environment without a casino- great service- a jaccuzi in every room (easily fits two)- a KITCHEN- lots of bling, of course.We used the classic $20 sandwich trick (a $20 folded between driver license and credit card) and were upgraded from a city-view studio to a strip-view high-floor large studio. We also requested a late checkout, and were granted our request without a charge.The room was extremely spacious, and it was heavenly to relax in the bed for a couple of mornings. The kitchen was useful, and the cleaning of the dishes was done by the maids every day. There were plenty of complimentary water bottles and coffee provided to us every day. The bathroom was the best hotel bathroom I've ever seen (better than westin and hilton's), as evidenced by the many pictures all of the others have posted.The walk to the strip wasn't bad at all. Come on, let's not be this lazy.Also, be sure to expect:- the $15+tax daily resort fee- the $12 extra daily fee access to the sauna at the spa- the mandatory valet parking (no self-park)- noise from the train throughout the night (on the strip-view side, it's not loud enough to wake you up).I wouldn't hesitate staying there again at all, especially for the price.Don't forget about the sandwich trick!!!! $20 seems to go a long way at the Trump.
1	So I'm providing an update for my poor review on Trump International Hotel. They still suck in my opinion however there is FINALLY closure to all the drama. My boyfriend was sweet enough to find another number to call besides the one the Hotel told us to call and finally got someone else to talk to. We explained to the guy on the phone how we were ignored for TWO MONTHS and not one person has contacted us nor returned our messages and e-mails. He sent us a check for the exact amount of my new flat iron (which I originally had paid way more for the first one). We got it a week later than when he said we would get it. We also contacted the BBB and complained to them about the situation. Apparently the guy who never returned our calls or e-mails before told the BBB that he could never reach us. WHAT A LIE! We never got any missed calls nor responses to the e-mails we sent to him! I'm sad that they are just as much liars as they are thieves. Incredible. I'm glad they finally did something and stopped wasting our time. I'm disappointed that they never tried to go above and beyond expectations to live up to their so called "5 Star Hotel" rating. I would think they would try to make a good reputation for themselves...especially in this economy. Even if they offered us free nights at their hotel, I'd refuse it in a heartbeat. Thank God it's over....I now feel like I can breathe.
3	I stayed here recently during the CES conference and had a "meh" experience. Let's start with the good stuff: I had a "studio suite" which consists of a large bedroom/living area that's equipped with a fridge and hot plate - handy if you plan on staying for an extended period. The rooms are beautifully appointed and I absolutely love the deep marble tubs. Plush robes and fluffy towels are a huge bonus and the beds are wonderfully comfortable. Now on to the not so good: the room service is insanely expensive and the food I had was not good. I ordered french onion soup for lunch one day and it was totally inedible. Far too salty and served lukewarm for the INSANE total cost of $20. Breakfast wasn't good either - the only decent items we had from room service was the coffee and a fruit plate. We didn't try the restaurant here in the hotel, so I can't say if it's any good or not. It's important to point out that Trump isn't on the strip so you have to walk about 7 minutes to the nearest restaurant.The other downer is that there's no casino at Trump, so if you're into gambling, you definitely won't want to stay here.And finally, for the totally unacceptable: communication with the outside world while staying at the Trump is next to impossible. We learned that this is due to the fact that the building is plated in 24K gold. Luxurious perhaps, but totally stupid move - being here on business and having no cell service is simply unacceptable. And don't even try to use the land line in your room - just opening up a line costs $12, then 50 cents per minute thereafter! The wireless internet was horrendous as well. It costs $12 per day and for the most part, I couldn't even get it to work. Props to the front desk - they reimbursed me for the 3 days I had paid for. In short, it was totally impossible for me to get any work done here.Sorry Donald, I have to say...when it comes to your Vegas hotel, you're fired.
5	I stayed here last year in '09 during the Memorial Day weekend with my boyfriend and parents, but keep forgetting to Yelp it!I got to stay at the Trump Hotel through Priceline after bidding on it.  I think I paid about $150 per room.  It was my first time spending so much money on a hotel, but it really was worth it.  This hotel was by far the best hotel experience for me and I'm still trying to find a hotel that will be just as good or even better. The Trump Hotel is off-strip, but not too far from it.  It's actually not too far of a walk to get to the strip, so you don't need a taxi if you're up for a little walk.  The Trump Hotel is everything Trump is ..basically meaning  lavished with gold. Gold is EVERYWHERE.  I had the studio suite and it was really spacious.  It consisted of a king size bed (omg, SO comfortable and plushy), a flat screen tv, a living room area with a couch and table, and a small kitchen with a fridge and stove.  The bathroom was AMAZING.  Separate jacuzzi tub and shower and a small flat screen tv in the mirror in front of his and her sinks.  I would have been okay just being in Vegas and staying in the hotel room all throughout the trip. =)The lobby has a very distinctive smell.  Don't get me wrong, it smelled really good!  We stayed when the temperature was so high (100+ degrees), so each time we walked into the lobby, we were greeted with air conditioning and a nice smell..much better than the hot weather and smoke from cigarettes everywhere outside on the strip.The employees were very professional and nice.  They addressed everyone in my party "Mr." or "Ma'am".  You HAVE to pay for valet parking no matter what, but I was okay with it because we went in and out A LOT.  The valet parking guys were very nice, but we had to wait awhile for our car to arrive..it was okay, since we figured it was due to the Memorial Day weekend and the hotel was crowded).  The bellhop was great - he brought our luggage up right away and placed it wherever we asked in our room without any hesitations.  On our second and final night there, I asked the concierge for suggestions on events taking place.  She was very informative and suggested a lot of great places.  They also have an employee outside the elevator in front of the lobby to make sure only Trump hotel guests were allowed in for safety precautions at night.Overall, a GREAT experience.  The Trump Hotel definitely shows other hotels what great customer service is all about.
5	Stayed at the Trump a couple of weeks ago. Must say it was one of the best hotels I have stayed at in Las Vegas or anywhere as a matter of fact. Service was excellent. All the staff were accomodating, professional and very nice. Got a complimentary upgrade to a one bedroom corner suite which was a plus!!! Even got complimentary late check out till 6 PM the day we left, another added plus!!!The suite came with two full bathrooms, a living room area, a full kitchen and a huge bedroom with a comfy king size bed. The bathroom connected to bedroom had a large jacuzzi tub, a large stand up shower, a separate room with the toilet and double vanity sinks with a TV inside the mirrors. It was a beautiful suite!!! The hotel is a little off the strip...right across the street from the Fashion Show Mall which was kind of nice because you are away from all the hustle and bustle. And if you like shopping like I do...it is great to just walk across the street and go shopping. The hotel has no casino. I actually enjoyed not having a casino, you don't hear all the noisy machines when you are walking up to your room and are not as tempted to go gamble all the time. Another added bonus was that this is a non-smoking hotel so it was nice to not smell smoke everywhere you go. Absolutely loved my stay at the Trump. Awesome customer service and the best hotel we have stayed at by far :0).
5	The hubby and I stayed at the Trump on our mini-honeymoon for 3 nights in October 2009, and we absolutely LOVED it.  I loved it so much I want to BUY one of the units.  (Didn't I hear one of the towers is comprised of units for sale?!)Trying to save cash, we opted for a city view studio. $120/night with a $50 spa credit.  The spa credit was supposed to be for one night only, but I flirted with the guy at the desk and he credited us twice!!  (It's cool, the hub's OK with it... he's a cheapskate.  Anything to save a couple $$.)  Oh, AND we got complimentary late check-out til 4pm.The bed, amazing.  Not too soft, not too firm.  But that's objective.The bathroom: INCREDIBLE.  Marble, floor to ceiling.  14" TV screen seamlessly embedded in the GIANT mirror.  Huge spa tub with 3 jet settings. (Which somehow, when you fill it, turns the water blue-ish...nice touch.)  There are separate toilet & shower 'stalls' with floor-to-ceiling glass doors, too. LOVE THIS BATHROOM.  Did I mention it's just a smidge larger than MY BEDROOM at home?!?!Customer service in the lobby was mediocre, except for my exceptional desk service ;)   Valet and bell service was friendly.  Pool service was GREAT.  Those pool girls work hard taking orders, mingling with the grey-chest-haired, uber fried (I mean, tanned) creepers, and serving up all the refreshing drinks and yummy food... all in bikini tops and Juicy pants!  Speaking of the pool, it's a bummer that it's so small.  And just watch out for the reflective glare of the gold windows... it's like a second sun!!About the location... it's directly across from the Wynn, and for 26-year old normal, healthy young adults, the walk from the front door to the Strip was only 3 minutes.  During the daytime, you could even take a shortcut through Nordstrom and cut another minute off (or, if you're like me, add 30 minutes to the walk by shopping......)Anyway - I LOVE Vegas and next time I go with the hubster, we will definitely return to the Trump!!
4	I've stayed in Trump during Thanksgiving 2009. The overall experiences with them were pleasant. Below are some of the Pros & Cons. Pros:---------------------Grand, Clean & smoke-free lobby:Because the hotel does not have a casino, so you don't have to go through the maze-like casino full of tobacco smell just to get to the elevator. Room:For standard guest room, you get:Kitchen with Microwave, kitchen sink, stove. Bathroom with Jacuzzi hot tubSeparate glass door shower areaSeparate glass door toilet areaMirror got build-in TVRoom (cont):The design of the hotel is that beside the door of your room, you share another outter door with the room next to you. So you got a little common area to share with the room next door, an upscale apartment design I guess. It will be nice if you are staying there with a larger group that you occupied both rooms. Hotel view:You get a really nice view since the hotel is one of the tallest building on strip. Price: We got $90/night vs. $150+ in Wynn or Bellagio. Cons:---------------------Location:Although the hotel is considered on strip. But it is actually on Dio Dr. and about roughly 1000 feet from Las Vegas Blvd. You can always walk from the Norstrom (Which just cross the street of Trump) entrance through the Fashion Show Mall to get to the Strip. But the Mall close at 10 I believe. Then if you, like us were taking the Deuce (Public bus that go back & forth of the Strip) then you will have to walk back to the hotel. Or you will have no choice but to take the cab. Mandatory expenses: The hotel charge additional $15/night resort fee for the amenities which does not include Internet Access (which, I really need)I think they charge you on parking but I am not sure since I didn't drive, and they only allow valet parking, which you need to tip the valet person every time you need your car. Now consider the location of the hotel, you pretty much always need your car to go out, that's a lot of additional spending. Train horn:Because there is a railroad next to the hotel, and it seems pretty busy.  You will hear the train's horn quite often during day time.  This can get quite annoying. I think this only apply to rooms that face the track. Conclusion: Again, I think this hotel is really nice, and if you're like me that plan to "try out" hotels each time to Vegas, Trump should definitely on the list.  Also the location downside will be less significant once the Montreux completed next to Trump (On the former "New Frontier Hotel" site), then there should be complete link from Trump to LV Blvd.
5	Some things to consider if you're thinking of booking a room at Trump:Pros:- no cigarette smell- crazy nice rooms that are actually condos that have a kitchen!Cons:- no casino- somewhat off strip but easy walk to the stripMy experience was overall really positive.  The lobby is blinging with all the crystal chandeliers and smells like flowers everytime you walk in.  SUPER GREAT front desk service who upgraded my room to a 1 bedroom suite!  The actual room was probably the nicest room I've ever stayed in.  Clean and modern furnishings.  The kitchen had a stove, microwave, dishwasher, and oven!  I didn't actually see anything to cook with besides a tea kettle (pots, pans, cooking utencils) so if you're planning on putting the kitchen to full use you might have to supply your own stuff.  In a one-bedroom suite there are two bathrooms!  The vanity in the master bath was definately put to good use and the jetted tub was awesome after a night of partying.  I definately appreciated all the little details.  A light turned on when you opened a closet door, the insane amount of towels in the bathroom, and complimentary water bottles that were restocked everyday.  There is a daily resort fee but I didn't take advantage of any of the amenities (heated pool, gym, etc).Overall quite happy with the Trump.
4	We pricelined this hotel. Asked for a 5 star hotel and low balled it and got the trump, which I heard almost always happens. We were hoping for the Palazzo or the Wynn but oh well. The pros about the trump is that that the rooms are spacious and there's even a frig (cleared out to store all my alcohol) and a mini kitchen inside with a nice flat screen tv. The bathroom is awesome! Most girls spend more than half their time in the bathroom when it comes to Vegas so the huge bathroom was a plus. There is even a tv in the mirror and a spa bathtub. The trump is just a resort so there isn't a casino, that means no second hand smoke.  If you prefer more of a quiet atmosphere and the convenience of not having to cross a casino to get to the elevator to your room, this is a good option. If you like gambling, the drunkies and all the craziness that usually goes on in Vegas, this is not the place for you. Believe me, you will hate it. Now, onto the cons. The trump is slightly off strip. It's a stand alone resort across from the Wynn and the fashion mall. It takes about 10 minutes to walk to the Wynn which can be kind of annoying when you head out to a party late at night and back. The cool thing is that they have a driver at night to chauffeur you around without calling a taxi. I heard about the hotel smelling like flowers when you enter the lobby and it really does. Shit is strong! I was sick and had a stuffed up nose and was still able to take a whiff of that floral smell. Thank goodness that same smell wasn't in our room too! Overall, there arent too many cons at all besides the fact it takes 10 minutes to walk to where all the fun is. Thats just my laziness talking.
5	Got an amazing deal on Orbitz for Trump a month before our trip ($118.15/nt with a 20% off coupon.. recommend retailmenot.com for coupon codes) and it was non-refundable so there was no going back...Altho there's no casino/lounges/restaurants like other hotels on the strip, the rooms alone make up for it.  PLUS, no cigarette stink cause the entire hotel is non-smoking!  We got upgraded to a one-bedroom suite and it was abso-freaking-lutely amazing.  - FULL Kitchen- Living room with L-shaped couch and dining table- Large bedroom with the most comfortable bed ever (fluffiest and softest blankets and pillows... makes you really feel like you're on vacation)- Bathroom.... jetted tub, shower with two shower heads, makeup table with magnified makeup mirror, and the electric mirror with TV was sooo luxurious.  (The bathroom TV has a 5 sec~ lag compared to the bedroom/living room TV's)- Softest, heavenly robes....(kinda heavy tho ... or I'm just puny)Second night, we ordered room service... $55 for 2 entrees (burger/fries and chicken strips/fries) .... I obviously placed the order with beer goggles on... but it was delicious and HUGE portions.  (never ordering room service ever again, though....)Customer service was EXCELLENT ~ so friendly and helpful.  Before we left, they asked if we enjoyed our stay and if there was anything they could have done to make it more enjoyable.  Who does that anymore?  See my video of the room here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4iCYzCEioEHIGHLY recommend the Trump Hotel and will definitely stay here again.
4	My friends and I all in our mid-20's stayed here a little bit ago when my friend found a good deal on the internet.  Honestly this hotel is one of the nicest I have ever stayed at.  Everything felt new and clean.  A full kitchen is in every room with a lot of living space as well.  The king sized bed was probably one of the nicest I've ever laid in but my boyfriend and I got demoted to the pull out full size bed.  Honestly it actually wasn't that bad and housekeeping will set the bed up for you if you like.  The bathroom was amazing as well with a tv in there for you as you get ready. haha... Two sinks, a bathtub, shower, and a separate area for the toilet.  It was rather amazing and definitely did a good job of accommodating a pack of girls that needed to get ready for a night out.For as beautiful as this hotel is the real downside to the entire experience was the fact that it was a bit off the strip.  The strip was about a 10 minute walk which wasn't so bad but in the desert heat I can imagine that feeling a lot longer.  Although it did offer a tram ride to and from the Treasure Island that service stopped around 10 or midnight i believe.  While I'm a fan of not smelling like cigarettes when I walk into a hotel lobby the fact of the matter is that there wasn't really anywhere to go if you got bored except for the mall since there is no casino.  But for people in Vegas who just got back from clubbing at 3 AM the mall isn't really an option.  While this room was incredibly amazing I don't recommend it for people out to fully enjoy everything Vegas has to offer and who just want to party.  I'd have to say this is more for if you wanna go to Vegas and relax with someone special maybe.
4	Found this place on Priceline after my fiance goofed with our MGM reservations. Pros:Very elegant and classyNo casinoRooms were hugeKitchen area with small fridgeWe had a great view of Treasure IslandAcross the street from the mall (just in case there was a wardrobe malfunction)Cons: No casinoNo self-parking (had to valet the car each time which meant tipping each time)Hot water did not work most of the timeOff the strip (not good for a girl in heels)Overall, I really liked this hotel. I felt like such a baller staying there, but I did not like how they forced valet on us. We parked at the mall across the street a few times because we knew we were going to be in and out. The valet takes forever during peak times.
3	The boyfriend and I stayed here last fall. We liked that it was just a hotel, not a hotel/casino.The hotel is beautiful.  The rooms are beautiful.When we got to our room, one of the bedside lamps didn't work.  That evening, I took a shower and noticed that the shower door closed the wrong way.  This sounds weird, but it's annoying.  It was opening into the shower, but when you look at the "door frame" of the shower, it's easy to see that it was supposed to open out. Also, the wrong-way thing made the door hard to open.  So the next morning, I asked the front desk to have someone attend to these things.  No problem, they said.  Thank you, I said.Their showers clearly aren't designed for the weight of the door. Someone fixed the door, but as soon as I closed it, it swung inward, past the little plastic stopper part.  A few days in, we realize that the door to our room doesn't actually lock properly.  If you shut it normally, you can push open the door.  It only locked if you threw all your weight against it.  Props to maintenance for fixing it though!Everyone seems to have received a free room upgrade, but not so for me and boyfriend. Free upgrades are delightful if you get them, but for those who don't, it just makes us feel like we're not good enough.  I didn't mind being off the strip, as the walk really wasn't that bad.  You're also right across the street from the mall, so you can do a lot of your walk in delightful air conditioning.  Pool was also a little sad, and there was glass on the bottom of the pool.Our stay was decent overall, but I probably wouldn't stay there again.
5	I love the Trump.  I stayed there the first weekend of the year and had an experience that probably can not be topped.  Everything was perfect to a T. After check in, the bell boy very promptly brought my bags up to the room, and since it was my first time there showed me all the nifty features of the room - like the in-mirror TV screen, how to use the jacuzzi tub, how to operate the safe, all the kitchen utensils and supplies available, etc.  I was very impressed by the room.  Not only this, he went the extra mile and asked if I had any questions about my stay in Vegas.  I asked about nightclubs around.  (I usually go to XS but wanted to try a different place.)  He let me know that the Bell Desk could take care of all my nighttime arrangements....which they did - more on that later. Room service - perfection.  The food was nice and hot, very nicely presented, and they accommodated my picky eating habits (light dressing on the side, no cheese, no butter, you know, all the LA stuff).Beds were so comfortable I wanted to lay there forever.  OK, so back to the night I went out.  Me and my girls (there were 6 of us) dressed to the nines, trounce down to the Bell Desk for our night out.  Dwight, I think that was his name, gives me a cell phone number to text for our reservation at Tao (so that we don't have to wait in line - we didn't have to wait later that night).  Not only this, they chauffeur all 6 of us over to Tao.  For free. We even got a number to call at the end of the night to get a ride back.   Seriously.  Now that's what I call great service.  Only possible downside of the Trump is that there is no casino.  I actually liked this fact because it made me feel like I was coming home to a peaceful environment.  So for me, it was a bonus. Anyway, Trump is my new go-to hotel in Vegas.
5	Every time I come to Vegas I like to stay some where different. I was gonna stay  @ Aria but I didn't read good reviews so I said I'll try Trump for now.Glad I decided to try it. Trump has everthing I would ever want in a hotel room...H3ll, it's everything I want in MY got damn room ! Nice little living area with a couch bed - mini kitchen with sub-zero frig, stove, microwave and cabinents - extra comfy bed - flat screen tv & I had to save the BEST for last *DRUM ROLLS PLEASE* (U R SUPPOSED TO BE IMAGING THIS IN SLOW MOTION) when u walk inside the bathroom there is a jaccuzzi tub to fit two comfortably with 3 jet settings, frosted glass shower and toilet doors (i know ur like WHAT to the toilet part but it's cute) two sinks and best of all It has a flat screen tv built into the mirror. So perfect to watch from the tub or to watch while brushing the pearly whites.I kind of like stayin in a hotel that did not have a casino. It's like go out and have your fun but only come back here to really relax. I also kind of liked no parking garage... valet only. Shopaholics like myself (brace yourself) FASHION SHOW MALL directly across the street !!!The staff is wonderful. NO complaints here. I knew this place would be the spot. It starts with the letter "T". Anything that starts with the letter T is perfect :-)
5	I love this hotel.  When you have a TV in the bathroom mirror and a view of the strip.  You appreciate those moments you take for granted.   When you walk into the lobby.  You see the trump signature "a touch of gold" and beautiful open luxurious lobby.   One very important item was the employees there.   They made us feel welcome.  There is a vibe I get from that hotel that I love.  A smile on every employees face.   They take care of their customers.  Wow!
5	I didn't stay at Trump, but I did cover a designer trunk show event, which gave me access to a suite on the 64th floor. You should know there is no self-parking, but the valet team is wonderfully kind and friendly. They're not snotty at all. However, if you wish to avoid constant valet tipping, simply park across the street at Fashion Show and walk. There's also no casino, which I thoroughly enjoyed. The lobby is utterly decadent, luxurious, elegant and classy. The decor is posh and lavish without being gaudy and over-the-top. The suite I visited was beyond gorgeous and was the perfect setting for a designer trunk show. It was beautifully decorated with muted tones and contemporary and comfortable furnishings. I was highly impressed with the Trump Hotel, and as a local, I often have to keep in mind places to stay for those all-night festivities where it's best not to drive home. And, I'm definitely keeping Trump on my hotel radar.
5	Upon visiting the Trump Hotel in January of '09 I was a bit hesistant to book the room, it didn't seem like a good idea to be paying for a hotel room when I could have simply just asked my parents to book their time share. I was not disappointed! The Trump was beyond fabulous. It reminded me of a Willy Wonka Bar wrapped in a golden ticket! And so, me breaking into song, "I GOTTA GOLDEN TICKET" whenever I would see the hotel began LOL, it must have been so annoying to my man by the third day. I stayed here with my boyfriend and damn did we have a good time, at one point we were enthralled to return to the room they made us feel like VIP patrons, I really liked that.Their robes were complimentary and we even asked their room service to bring us fresh ones, which they gave to us at no charge! Oh man it did not get any better than what they did when our TV wasnt working, help was their promptly and the guy was very nice about it, it must have been really awkward for him to realize two guys were sharing the bed LOL hahaThe location is within walking distance of The Venetian, The Palazzo, The Mall across the street. An overall great experience, although our next venture to Las Vegas wont be to stay here if ever in the future we are able too I for sure will not hesistate.
4	Great price for a 5 star hotel, adequate location, and gorgeous room. We were so impressed by the size of the room, service (front desk, housekeeping, and concierge) and free afternoon checkout at 4PM. But, keep in mind that the discounted price you pay for a 5 star hotel is for a reason. You are far from the main part of the strip and it is a LONG walk from the Bellagio to the hotel.The pool and hot tubs are fun but nothing to write home about. The pool is big enough to swim laps and the hot tubs were a good temperature.All-in-all, 4 star experience in the hotel, 3 star for being far from the "hot spots" and not providing complimentary shuttles to the strip or to the airport.Note: It is very close to Wynn and Encore but it does affect your overall experience to not have a casino or buffet directly in your hotel. Also, you'll be doing lots of walking if you stay here since taxi's really aren't cheap!
1	The wife and I got a good deal on Priceline. Very short on patience with the extra fees and lack of helpfulness. Pros: 1. Rooms and bathrooms were beautiful! 2. Climate control never got too hot or too cold 3. Doors to rooms are shared with 1 neighbor, which was cool Cons: 1. View was of a variety of sex shops 2. We were charged almost $30 for a 20second phone call. 3. After 2 nights we ended up spending half the cost of the room in fees. (and we didn't do anything but sleep there!) 4. The bed felt like a motel 6 mattress with a nice pillow top. 5. My wife called the front desk to ask them to refill our shampoo on the second night, An angry Asian man showed up and hour later and all but threw a bag of soaps at my wife! Places like this are almost as bad as bait and switch with the fees! Next time around I will spend a little bit more to know that the place I am staying is charging me what they advertise!
5	I fell in love the moment I checked in, but made myself wait until check-out to rave on Yelp...assuming something would surely go wrong. Right?After 3 luxurious nights at the Trump, I am still smitten. The decor is classy, with crystal chandeliers and huge orchid bouquets in the lobby, so you feel like your living the Donald lifestyle. And the staff are expertly trained to make you feel special but not bombarded. In fact, it seemed like everyone was trying their darndest to avoid those 2 words..."You're Fired". The D-man would be proud.I booked a Studio room for $99/nt (Travelzoo promo), but it was more like an apartment...with kitchen, huge bathroom with jacuzzi tub and big marble shower. Quite a steal! And my hair really liked the Trump Spa toiletries, too. Always a bonus.You pay a $15 resort fee, but it includes free valet parking which is totally worth it. The fitness center is huge, which looks out onto the swanky pool area with the oh-so-inviting outdoor beds and chaises. We ate at the DJT Lounge 2 nights and still...no complaints. Our waitress was super-professional but friendly, and the tapas menu is pretty authentic...gazpacho was a fave. They have an awesome happy hour, which we didn't even know about until the bill came. Cha-ching!If you're a business traveler, you can't go wrong here. It is slightly off the strip (but still across from Fashion Show!), with NO casino inside (phew), and great rooms for a crazy-good price. I wouldn't think of staying anywhere else when I come back for business. Give Trump a try!
5	In my opinion the Trump Hotel is one of the best places to stay while in Vegas. They are often the hotel you will land if you choose a five star in the North Strip area on Priceline and you can often get rooms in the $100/night range when other places are charging well over twice that amount. The front desk staff has the ability to upgrade you, remove charges, and basically hook you up if you are nice to them. Rooms are awesome looking and as functional as they are comfortable. They come equipped with a stove, fridge, and sink for your convenience. The hotel has no self-parking so you must rely on the valet to retrieve your car. Make sure you allow enough time for them to run back and forth with it. Already planning our 2nd trip back to the Trump...it is that nice!
5	My love affair with Priceline continues...Priceline name your own price, William rolled out the Shatastic price of $134 ($159 with all taxes and fees included) for - you guessed it - The Trump International Hotel. I made this reservation on Friday before we went for a last minute Vegas trip on Saturday.All rooms boast a king sized bed and a queen pullout, but I wanted to see if there were any upgrades available. Upon arrival, I was told I could upgrade to a 1br suite for 50 bucks more. Um, yes please.Three minutes and 57 floors later, we were in our McMansion of a room, corner suite, so the king sized bedroom was floor to ceiling windows on two sides of the room. The alarm clock has an iPod player with a great sound system, so you can blast your pre-club party music to get you all in the mood.The master bathroom is big enough to live in, you could put a dining room table in it. Oh, and hello excess, there's a TV IN the bathroom mirror. Even the bathroom has a huge window in it with a strip view. There is a full kitchen with all of the accoutrements of your kitchen back home, so if you wanted to make dinner here, you certainly could. Two full bathrooms (2 showers) in this one bedroom suite really make this place a better deal than the one bedroom suite at The Signature at the MGM Grand.The only con here was the pullout bed - it was REVOLTING. I've seen better mattresses shown in the slum in Slumdog Millionaire. We didn't even end up using the mattress, they just laid the amazing sheets over the couch and called down for an extra comforter, which came up right away.If you are looking for walking proximity to casino/bars/clubs/food, you'll have to go somewhere else. But if you don't mind cabbing it, you should not stay at any other place. The deal and the delivery on the deal are just too great to pass up.Good to know: they have a $15 resort fee here, so factor that in when you Priceline it. But, the resort fee means (among other things) you can drink the bottled water in your rooms. Come Sunday morning, that water is a little bottle from heaven and totally worth the fee.
5	Had my first trip to trump last month, the rooms are amazing and the lobby is nice but has that overly gold look that trump likes so much. but was pleasantly surprised buy the over all look and feel of the hotel.
5	I love this place. It is away from strip but not so far you cannot get to the heart of crazy-town.  You won't feel like you are competing with all the other tourists or visitors for parking space or best rates, etc.  You certainly won't see too many short skirts high heeled low top wanna-be clubbers party hoppers around here.  You will feel some sort of sophistication when you enter this hotel.  I think many business people use this place.  The lobby area is small compared to bellagio, wynn, etc, the larger ones catering to visitors. But the lobby is so beautiful and you can feel that trump uses good if not best materials.  The front desk clerk is SO helpful, professional,. friendly. This particular one we had was so fluid in her words we just cannot help but just kept asking questions just so we can hear her continue speaking. It is almost as though they are trained so well to cater to customers that no offense would go unforgiven.I love the room, especially the cooking area. Everything is thought of...the dishwares, pots, pans, utensils, table settings, etc.  I just imagined cooking (yea right i can't even do that) and thought if i decided to do it, it is doable with all the things provided.  The one thing though....i would not even cook since it is too close to the bed and i hate linen smelling like food.  I am not certain the exhaust is powerful enough.The RR has tv on screen, unique, but i did not like the quality.  It is just a WOW, cool factor to add another star to this review. The bath though was so great with the spa like feel and powerful jets that will give temp cure to any aching muscles.The bed was AMAZING. I think we slept in 2 days. Did not want to move away from it.  Waking up to wolfgang starbucks was also a wonderful treat this hotel gives you.  Creamers and pretty much endless refill of your coffee, decaf or not.  Simply wonderful experience. It is my go-to hotel from now on.
4	When I learned this is what my five star hotel on the North Strip Priceline bid got me, I was pissed. Really pissed. I assumed it would be the Venetian. What the hell was I going to do in a hotel without a casino?But dammit, I ended up really liking the place. The rooms are gorgeous. I had a basic room and it was a full-on suite with a whirlpool tub, ample seating and a lovely kitchenette. What Vegas hotel rooms have refrigerators, coffee pots, and free bottled water? This one does. As much as I love casinos, it was nice to leave some of that behind on the strip and not have to walk miles back to your room through a labyrinth of smoking gamblers, noisy slot machines, and cocktail servers. Trump has a zen-like, peaceful quality about it. You can walk to Fashion Show Mall (Nordstrom entrance) in less than a minute once you leave the front lobby. The walk to the strip isn't bad, either - five to ten minutes depending on traffic lights. You lose a few of the amenities from the big players on the strip (Trump has very limited dining choices), but I think it's a fair tradeoff. I wouldn't stay there every Vegas trip, but I definitely see mixing it into the rotation.
4	Both times I used Priceline to bid on a 5-star hotel, I ended up getting the Trump.  So it seems that it is the least expensive 5-star hotel on the strip.I have never stayed at another 5-star, so I have nothing to compare it to.  But the rooms are beautiful, clean, and they come with everything you need.Some people are complaining that it is too far of a walk from the strip... I don't think so.  It is at the very end of the strip, but it only takes about 5-6 minutes to get across the street to the Wynn.
4	Prior to my stay at this place my only thought was its in an odd location. However, upon walking into the lobby and our Suite I did a complete 180.The good:-Room was big and spacious-Has a kitchenette -2 bathrooms-Living room area with pull out couchThe bad:-No CasinoI would love to stay here again,- as the room was gorgeous. - Within walking distance of Wynn/Encore and Venetian (where the hottest clubs are.)Stay here and you won't be dissapointed! Rates were great too. Stayed here for 3 nights and it was a total of $600 with the usage of internet multiple times and computers and room service!Staff super friendly and accomodating!Seriously, cannot go wrong at the Trump.
4	First thing's first: thank you Priceline. A bid of $110 per night for an on-Strip 5-star hotel landed us at the Trump. Judging by other reviews, it looks like if you go the Priceline route, expect that you are essentially bidding on the Trump. Be happy! The Trump was a good experience!The hotel is impressive looking. It's set about 1/3 of a mile off the strip (which can make for a long walk when your date has 4-inch heels). But the hotel runs a free shuttle back and forth between the hotel and the Strip itself. Plus, once the surrounding drive is developed, the hotel will definitely have a more "on Strip" feel.The hotel is shooting for less young-and-trendy, and going heavy on the luxury image. The valets, bell staff, and front desk staff really kiss your butt, which feels nice. They fill the lobby with a very pleasant smelling perfume of some kind, but it is almost a bit too strong. There is no casino, giving the place a more "resort" feel. And best of all: NO SMOKING!On check in, we handed the desk clerk $20 when we handed over our credit card, and he gave us a "complimentary upgrade" to a corner suite on the 50th floor! Good lord the rooms are nice, and the views are drop-dead incredible from up that high! And for $110 per night!  Best $20 we spent all weekend! I could truly rave about our room for pages on end!The breakfast buffet was sub-par. The spa was nice, and its staff was friendly. They were able to take me as a walk-in for a massage one morning.Next trip to Vegas will be booked through Priceline, and if we get the Trump again, I will be quite fine with that.
5	If you're going to Las Vegas on business OR plan to spend a lot of time more time in your room than most OR don't smoke (or at least don't mind going all the way downstairs to smoke), stay at the Trump.The only thing I found irksome about the hotel was the reminder that this was the structure with the tacky gold exterior that served as an eyesore every single other time I've been to Vegas and had a room with a view of the hotel (four too many times). However, once we were inside our room (or suite, really), we were pleased to find out the kitschy facade was a byproduct of Trump's infamous ego that didn't affect the interior design team's personal taste. The rooms are incredible - and SO complete... kitchen's equipped with a microwave, stove, fridge, china, pots/pans, and silverware. You can request complimentary bubble bath and sea salts and indulge in a nice long bath with the LCD on if you'd like.. It's definitely the perfect long-stay hotel. However, if you're in Vegas to smoke, party, and gamble.... I'm not sure if you're aware but the entire hotel is smoke-free (you're going to have to step outside to smoke), there's no casino on-site (you'd have to walk 15 minutes to get to the Wynn), and the only thing to eat in the building is either room service or DJT. (I'm not sure how DJT made it into the '09 Michelin Guide with it being permanently empty and having so many awful reviews......)My husband and I stayed there on the day we eloped, so it was the perfect hotel for us. ;-)
2	We stayed here only because we got a deal on priceline. Thought we'd be able to deal with the not having a casino and long walk to the strip, but after a couple days, it gets old!The hotel is at the end of a long alley-like street, a block or two removed from the strip. At night, this is the worst! the sidewalk cuts out halfway down too; and with a vacant lot on one side, your hoping just to make it back to the hotel without being mugged. You can't park your own car, you MUST use valet. This gets old, and expensive in tips. On our last night, we took our car out, not knowing that the valet had turned on the headlights for whatever reason (it was day). We parked at the Wynn for about 8 or so hours, and came back to a dead battery. We told the Trump's valet, thinking they would want to fix this, after all they did cause it. The valet refused to help us in ANY way, telling us to go ask the Wynn's valet people!The rooms are nice, sure, but you can tell where they skimped. The bed's mattress was super cheap, and actually lopsided, I'm assuming the previous guest was a bit large. Also, the LG's televisions used in the room had no inputs to hook up a laptop or game system.All in all, I guess stay here if you have to for a business trip or something. Don't stay here if you actually want to have a good time in Vegas.
3	The trump is a gorgeous, tastefully decorated, and sleek hotel. It has tons of space, smells like sweet flowers, and the service is wonderful. Needless to say, you wouldn't even know you were in Vegas until you looked out of your window! The one bedroom suite was fab though the pull out bed was crap but the mansion size master bathroom makes up for it all.Sounds good so far doesn't it? DOESN'T IT?! Well here's the downside, I would not stay here again. Why? Well, my friends and I are in our 20's so we come to Vegas to be IN THE ACTION. In other words, we WANT a goddamn casino in our hotel, we WANT to step out of our hotel and be on the strip, anddd we WANT our hotel to be where the party's at! Sooo.. all this elegance that the Trump offers just isn't our style. So what if I got this room for $80/night on Priceline? I got the Mirage for $60/night on Priceline a few months before and guess what? WE WERE RIGHT SMACKDAD IN THE ACCION :)
5	After getting a great deal on a room through Priceline, I decided to stay at the Trump during a business trip.  It is advertised as 5 Star, and it is all the way!The staff was on point from check-in to check-out.Stop by and see Marcus downstairs at The DJT, he understands what customer service is all about!The rooms are all suites.  They are beautiful and spacious with very comfortable beds (if you are allergic to down, you might want to give them a heads up). Bathroom has a flush-mounted tv in the mirror to watch from the jacuzzi tub.  The toilet and shower have glass privacy doors.  The room is also equipped with a safe to keep your jewelry and game winning under wraps.Ask for the strip view! I was on the 51st floor and was able to watch the fountains at the Bellagio and see the fireworks at Treasure Island.The Trump doesnt have a casino.  I am an avid poker player, but I have to admit that I liked that the absence of gaming in the hotel.  Getting in and out is easy as you dont have a never ending maze of slots to navigate.  I spent my time playing at the Wynn, which is a very short walk from the Trump.Next time I am in Vegas, The Trump will have my business again... assuming I can get another good deal on a room.I didnt have a car there, but I heard someone mention that it costs $30 to valet.  If that is true, you can just park in the Fashion Show Mall's garage for free (it is directly across the street).
4	Across the street from Fashion Island.I felt it was a Great Deal.No Casino.  Remember that.  I didnt know that.  BUT, it was very nice to come in LATE LATE night and not have to trudge through a Casino to go to bed.The rooms were nice.  Two Rooms in a One Suite.  You get one room, and you will have a neighbor.  So it's not the greatest for privacy.You get a fridge and a stove.  That's good.   I liked the Trump.  But I didn't want to buy a You're Fired shirt for $26.
5	Swanky but not over the top or gaughty. Loved the crystals that hung all over the place and the dozen's different chandeliers. Lobby is very welcoming. It's odd staying in a hotel in Vegas without a casino, but as our friend had told us, it's actually really nice! No smoking filled breaths, no loud annoying machines ding-ding-dinging on your way to and from your room. Simple, calm lobby. Very nice. Now onto our room - wow! We had just the 'basic' room, no upgrades or extras and were thrilled with what we got! A kitchenette, a couch and sitting area, a huge room, King size super comfy bed, 2 closets, dressers, stand up shower, giant tub with jets, TV in the screen of the mirror and a wet closet (seperate toilet area from rest room). Very nice accomodations, made me wish we were staying for a week or more. The pool isn't the lively pool party one would normally want whne going to vegas - but if all you want is some sunshine and drinks - you are all set because it'skind of nice that you can go outside without having to wait for an hour to find a lounge chair, and also have a cocktail waitress pretty much at your beckon call. Our friends upgraded.... WoW! We're not talking the normal 'suites' I'm talking, top of the building, pent house, multiple rooms, extraordinarly decorated, large kitchen, walk in closest, mulitple bathrooms, dining room, giant living room, floor to ceiling windows that spanned the entire suite. We could have easily had a party of 50+ people here. It was amazing, and the cost to upgrade? A mere $100. Incredible.Great service, great experience. Will definitely come back and recommend to anyone looking for a classy place to stay.
1	I signed up for Yelp specifically to give this review.  If I could give zero stars, I would.I've had the opportunity to stay in many luxury hotels in the past, and although there's been a fair share of hotels that have not lived up to their name/hype, Trump definitely takes the cake as far as crappy service and hideous accomodations.I stayed there for 2 nights with three other girls to celebrate a bachelorette party.  My friend had booked 2 adjoining suites through www.hotels.com and since I was flying in 2 hours earlier, she called the hotel and put my name on the reservation.  Needless to say, when I got there, my name was nowhere to be found.  When a manager was called over, he said that my friend was suppose have called www.hotels.com instead.  What the hell?  Why shouldn't you be able to call the hotel directly?I sat in the lounge for 2 hours, waiting for my friends to arrive.  When they finally did and we went to check in together, guess what?  My name had miraculously appeared on the reservations.  Of course, the SAME GIRL who tried to check me in a couple hours prior was the same one we had to deal with - and she never bothered to tell me that my name finally appeared on the confirmed reservations even though she knew I was waiting in the lounge.Other front desk nightmares: there were no adjoining rooms left but when I started to complain (loudly), suddenly one opened up.  It took the girl 20 MINUTES to check us in.  No joke - I was timing it!  When we checked out, they messed up on BOTH our bills.  And charged us a RESORT FEE PLUS TAX for each room, each night we stayed.On to the rooms.  Talk about run-down and disgusting.  Let me just list a FEW things that were broken: alarm clock didn't work, closet door wouldn't open, remote control was broken, mattress was too small for the bed frame so our comforter kept sliding down into the huge gap at our feet, and our padlock didn't even work!  The best thing is, we got one king-size bed instead of two beds in each room.  Umm, hello?!?!  There were four of us checking in!!!!The "best" part of the stay?  Complaining (in a VERY long email) to the general manager and having her offer us a "good rate" at our next stay and refunding only our resort fees.  Please!  Like I would ever stay at your poor excuse for an establishment again.
4	This review is for my buddy 'o pal "The Donald".  You've done an excellent job with this hotel and I can't ask for anything more.  The only real complaint I have is that this hotel is situated on the outskirts of the strip which really defeats the purpose of going to Vegas.  If you're there for a weekend getaway and you're not really looking for the Vegas adventure.  This hotel is perfect for you.  So if you're looking to gamble you're out of luck because this hotel is only a resort and not a casino.  You'd have to travel to the Wynn or Encore which is the closest Casinos to satisfy your gambling needs.  For entertainment and shopping, there's the fashion mall which is located right across the street from the hotel lobby.  The rooms are fit enough to house a king and his queen.  The customer service is friendly and helpful so you wouldn't have to worry about difficulties that you might run into.  As a word of advice to future patrons...this hotel isn't surrounded by the robust excitement of vegas life.  To get the vegas feel you'd have to travel a short distance to the strip and other entertainment venus.  The Donald has done it again with this hotel!  Cheers!
2	I stayed at the Trump Hotel for 2 nights this week for work, and was incredibly disappointed at the lack of transparency surrounding phone charges.  I was taking meetings all morning today.  My phone died late morning, and I had to use the hotel room phone to complete my calls.   When I went to check out, I learned I'd been charged $164 for 47 min spent on the room phone.  The price for calls wasn't listed anywhere on the phone, as is generally done at respectable hotels, and while I knew it wouldn't be free, would've completely rescheduled my meetings had I known I'd be charged so excessively.When I brought this up to the desk clerk - who appeared to be about 21 yrs old - he said that was just the policy and at check-in should've been told that only local calls were included.  I was never told that, and asked if I could speak to a manager.  He went back to retreive a manager, but instead came back and offered to take half off one of the 2 charges.  I didn't have time to haggle, so just accepted it and went to the airport.I am incredibly disappointed at the lack of transparency, and then the lack of responding to the issue I raised professionally.  The manager couldn't even come out to the front desk to speak with me personally?  I assumed the Trump organization would have more professional staff employed.Even with 50% removed from one of the charges, I was still charged $102.48 for 47 min of talk time.  I don't think I should be charged anything considering a) lack of phone information clearly displayed or explained, and b) lack of professional demeanor in handling my conflict.The only reason I gave 2 stars instead of 1 here is because a) the hotel and room were beaufiful, and b) Nathan, one of the valets, was extremely nice and helpful every time I had a question re: directions.PS - also negative?  NO casino!!
5	5 Stars for a 5 star hotel!!!I stayed here for my 21st birthday trip and was so happy with this facility. Here are my pros and cons if you are looking to stay here:Pro:GREAT PRICE...(found on Hotwire.com) $124 per night on a weekend.Premium rooms with all the bells and whistles. (including full kitchen)I would compare to its luxury to the Bellagio or Venetian.The most comfortable bed I have slept in!Con: NOT AS CLOSE TO THE STRIP AS YOU THINK...It looks closer than it is, but that walk will will you. Its about 1/4 mi block from encore, and then to go down the strip is even more walking...then you have to walk back! Pool wasnt spectacular.No casino.Overall this is a great place to stay that is 5 star for faaaar less money than other 5 star hotels.
2	Really?  Upon check in the fun began.  Spent a good thirty minutes at the front desk as they could not find our reservations.  The only thing this scene was missing was a bright, white strobe light placed over my face.  Almost eluded that I never made a reservation.For our troubles, we were given a $50.00 per night allowance towards any hotel accommodations, cool!Guess what?  Once again, argued with at the front desk at check-out that it was just for one night.Forget staying there again, as if they care.Nice enough, but I would have reconsidered ordering at $25.00 cheese tray with five pieces of cheese.
5	Again, we have to thank TravelZoo for another awesome deal. I think we paid about $100/night and had a beautiful suite. The room was very nice, the bathroom had awesome features (flat screen tv in the huge mirror, huge glass partitions between the shower and toilet and rest of bathroom) and the jacuzzi bath tub kicked butt. The robes they have inside the room are probably the most comfortable I've ever worn. The whole place was just top-notch, especially for the price. We had the feeling of luxury the entire time.Lots of gold colored everything in and outside the hotel which adds to the visual appeal of the hotel. When you go out to the pool and it's sunny you're blinded by gold lol. It's also north-centrally located off the Strip, near the Wynn, and right across the street from Fashion Show Mall. Easy access getting in and out of the hotel but valet only.This is a hotel only so no casino floor or anything to gamble. I actually liked this since it gives you a nice break from all the hustle and bustle of smokers and slot machines.They have: large lobby with a bar, a restaurant, fitness room, pool and a pool-side eatery. I think they had a spa too but we missed that.We had dinner at the restaurant and it was very good. I'd recommend the steak.
4	OK you've read the reviews and you're not sure if this is for you. There isn't a casino and you have to pay a resort fee of $19.00 which now includes wireless internet. You have to use the valet but tips are optional. When you check in you have an option to upgrade to a bigger room from $20-$40. You get a good rest and depending on your upgrade you can either get a strip view along with the strip joint next door or if you get a standard room you get a strip joint view. Facilities are great and the service is superior as it should be with a name like Trump. They also have a shuttle to Caesar's Palace during the day. Expect no casino and valet service only. If you can live with this then stay here and give yourself a treat.
4	We visited some friends who were staying at the Penthouse suite on the 64th floor here. As soon as you walk in, the smell of "mango mist" hits you and you're in scent heaven. We noticed there were alot of security walking around and wanted to know what the commotion's all about and well, I know why after Donald Trump, himself, walked across the lobby towards his personal elevator. LOL A bit starstrucked, indeed. TV does not do him any justice. The digs are nice, contemporary and modern. Loved the layout of the ginormous suite. The view was breathtaking as well as the bathrooms! Trump had figured it out. There isn't a casino inside the Trump tower but that's fine, as it should be. I would like to stay here. It's walking distance to the Wynn where we grabbed some drinks.
5	Cant beat the Trump for the deals that you can usually get it for a night. i always see it for around 100 bucks a nite. its hella nice in there, why would you pay the same price to stay at a lessor hotel?
5	I can't think of anything to complain about. We had a penthouse suite with two walk in closets, huge jacuzzi, with A VIEW! Crystals everywhere, good service, great food, no smoking. Life is good!
5	I had a great time at the Trump Hotel for the Memorial Day weekend. We used priceline.com to purchase the hotel rooms. Considering that the Memorial Day weekend is expensive, the Trump Hotel had reasonable costs. I really like the suite! The mini fridge, stove, and the safe box gave nice touches to the room. It was also impressive to see a TV in the bathroom. The bed was extremely comfortable. I didn't want to get out of bed in the mornings.The $20/night resort fee is a bit high since you get 2 bottles of water, free wifi internet access, complimentary valet parking, and a couple other amenities. If you are using valet, just allot yourself and additional 10-15 minutes to receive your car during the busy times. The hotel isn't that far from the main strip area, but you do need to walk. We just went through the Fashion Show Mall and other hotels to get to the main attractions on the Strip.I would highly recommend this hotel to everyone. The hotel is 2-3 years old, and has great customer service.
3	Four nights in Vegas is a little long for moi. If you are staying more than a couple of nights you need a comfy hotel. Trump was nice--had its pros and cons. Pros: --Gorgeous decor --Spacious suites --a bathroom one could live in, complete with a tub that would fit about five (not that I tried--or did I??) --full kitchen in suite --very kind staff (excluding the front desk staff who are a bit cranky) Cons: --no casino (not a con for me but probably is for most) --lame pool area-very small and terrible poolside service (I'm assuming looking cute in a bikini is the only requirement for hire) --no clubs or on site entertainment --dining is sub par (shame on you Donald!) See my forthcoming review for DJT restaurant --little problems here and there which made the hotel look sloppy, such as: -stopper in sink perpetually stuck in the closed position -closet door stuck shut -two extra pillows but only one extra pillowcase -missing remote control for television -room service implements not removed from room for more than two days And finally, upon checking out we find out there is a $20/day amenities fee which we were not told about upon arrival. Apparently this is to cover the WiFi, use of business center and workout room. We did not use any of those things during our stay but were charged anyway. Boo. This made what appeared to be a sweet deal not so sweet. The place is nice but since it is not so convenient to the action (main strip) I would probably stay somewhere else.
5	I hate Las Vegas but I LOVED this hotel!It's entirely non smoking with NO casino, situated off the main strip.We could feel ourselves decompress as the noise and crowds of the strip faded away the closer we got to the hotel.The studio room has a small kitchen, fabulous jacuzzi tub (very large!), huge shower, and a super comfy bed.Highly recommended if you have to be in Vegas but don't want to be there.
5	This was a great hotel,  (if you are looking for just a room and not a Vegas experience - no casino etc.). The lobby was very beautifully decorated and always smelled amazing! We booked through priceline.com and then ended up opting for a $50 dollar 1 bedroom suite upgrade. Do it if you have the chance. TV's everywhere, even in the bathroom vanity mirror. Two full bathrooms. Large bathtub with jets that just happens to be next to a window with gorgeous view of the north strip. Bed was super comfy. Little touches throughout  made the room feel special - leather holder for remote. Bedroom was lined with two walls of windows. Never really used the hotel facilities. My friend actually had a 1 bedroom suite at Bellagio, and we thought ours was much nicer  ( minus the view, we had a great view, but he had a better one). They also have a shuttle running to and from Caesar's as well.  And the staff was super friendly ( Morgan at front desk, doorman Ronnie, this kid from Hawaii who operated the shuttle.  Have already recommended it to friends and wil stay there again!
4	Truly an amazing hotel.We were lucky enough to get a 1 bedroom suite overlooking The Strip and it was gorgeous.The hotel staff is incredibly friendly and professionalAs mentioned already there's no casino and no smoking in the lobby.So I'll go over some things that are fresh in my mind.Pool - pretty standard rectangular pool, gets pretty crowded on Fridays and Saturdays but we (group of 4) were always able to find something when we went down (later in the afternoon/early evening).The wait staff is very pleasant for service at the pool, only qualms is that it closes at 8 pm during the summer.Valet is free but they do expect tips.  Not bad if it's a once in a while thing (especially if you're driving other people and will split it)Otherwise there is parking across the street.The main lobby is generally open/not crowded.  Check in on Saturday took about 10 minutes, Check out on Monday took about the same time.The 1 bedroom suite had a incredible bedroom with an incredible bathroom.  It had a spacious dual head shower and a incredibly large jacuzzi bathtub that was able to fit 2 small/medium adults comfortably.  The different jet settings were lovely.There are 2 free shuttles from the hotelOne goes to the fashion mall which is nice if you want to go there (it saves you a 5-10 minute walk, but other than that seems somewhat odd)  There's also a shuttle that goes further out, but it's only once an hour and we never seemed to be heading out when it was.The suite had a full kitchen although we didn't really bring back anything to cook.Overall the hotel is incredibly relaxing and a nice "vacation" from the Strip when you want it.
4	Nice hotel with friendly service as well as decent rooms. Love the mini TV embedded in the bathroom mirror and the shuttle services to the strip. Got a decent deal from vegas.com for a three night stay during the 4th of July weekend. The only downside for me was having a broken dnd light in the room which resulted in the housekeeper knocking on our door three to four times while we were sleeping and we therefore missed our housecleaning for the day. Other than that, definitely worth another visit if good deals pop up in the future.
4	I only stayed here for one night after finding a fabulous deal at Travelzoo.com. $93 for a Friday night during 4th of July weekend? I pounced on that deal like Lindsay Lohan pounces on lines of coke that "mysteriously" appear on the table. Yes, it was THAT good!Upon entering the lobby, I was enveloped with such pleasant scents and a cool and calm environment. If only all Vegas hotels were smoke-free. You felt like you weren't in Vegas anymore. There are no annoying slot machine sounds or douchebags that look like they came from The Jersey Shore. There is actually a major sense of normalcy here. I like.Our room was one of the studio rooms that make up the majority of the rooms at this hotel. Our view was less that spectacular...unless a view of the Erotic Heritage Museum across the street is your cup of tea. I should have taken up that $50 upgrade for a better room from the person at the front desk. Ah well. Our room was very clean and actually pretty spacious. The TV incorporated in the mirror of the bathroom was a very nice touch. The shower is gigantic! You can easily fit 4 people in that thing. Much like the lobby, you get a relaxed state of mind in your room. I likey.Yes, there's a mandatory resort fee at about $20. I got a chance to use the pool, but not the fitness center. The pool was pretty standard. There were a lot of kids roaming in and out of the pool, but I wasn't surprised with the type of crowd for this hotel. I must say though that the waitresses at the pool were very appealing to one's eyes. I likey a lot.The Trump is a very good alternative if you don't want to deal with the hustle and bustle of other busy hotels. I would strongly consider coming back here again.
5	TIH is a solid 5 star all suite hotel.  Without a casino on the premises, the hotel is a true oasis.  It is walking distance to Wynn and the shopping center across the street.  The free shuttle will take you to Caesar Palace on the strip.  The staff we encountered are all courteous.  For the price and location, we will definitely be back!
5	I had a wonderful stay here this past weekend! It was conveniently located near everything we went to: TAO, TAO Beach, Surrender, XS. It may seem like it's far off the strip, but it really isn't. We usually paid around $5-$7 cabbing it to places we needed to be at. And it's right across the mall! We had 12 girls in a Suite on the 23rd flr. We all slept comfortably all weekend. The sofa in the sitting area has a pull out bed in it too. The two bathrooms in the suite was a definite PLUS! You can only image how hectic it would have been having 12 girls get ready with one bathroom. The bathroom in the bedroom was ginormous! There was also a full kitchen. Only thing that was a downer was that the stove took forever to heat up! Staff was exceptionally friendly! Shout out to JULIUS! Two nights in a row, he was able to take the girls in the Shuttle to our destination. On our last day there, we wanted to walk the strip, and they offered to take us in their house car to wherever we wanted to go. Trump International definitely has exceptional customer service! Felt like we had VIP treatment from the staff all weekend!For three nights we paid around $700-$800 total for the suite. It's a great deal! The hotel also isn't as hectic as the other ones, where there are a lot of people roaming around, going in and out. It was very relaxing! I definitely recommend staying at Trump International the next time you're in Vegas!
4	I spent a weekend there with my fiance and these are some things you should know...** There is a $20 daily resort fee that will be charged to your stay daily on top of your room rate. There is no way out of this.** Ask for a room away from the train tracks! The train rolls by several times throughout the night blowing the horn all the way, they're glad to accommodate if you ask for a room away from the tracks.**The do not disturb sign is ignored.At least it was for us, twice! **There is no free self-parking, valet only** The hotel is a good 5 minute walk through blazing hot Las Vegas sun to the nether reaches of the north strip. They have a shuttle that drops you off near the Wynn that is complimentary a la your resort fee.************On the bright side...** The rooms are SWEET. They come equipped with a full kitchen and whirlpool tub...nice :) Very luxurious. I booked through Priceline.com for $80/night...I don't feel like I got a deal, but just about what I paid for.** The pool is great and the pool side service is excellent.Summary...Next time I'm going to stay closer to the strip. But if you want a luxurious room away from the strip...this is a great option.
4	The service here is the absolute best service I've ever had at any hotel.  The entire staff is friendly and helpful.  They really all go above and beyond to make you feel welcome and comfortable..... except for maybe the valet staff.The rooms.... WOW, amazing!!  Very luxurious and sophisticated feel.  The beds are super comfy, and there is plenty of space to stretch out and lounge around.  The bathroom has a TV built into the mirror, which was pretty cool.  The bathtub is HUGE!!  You can very easily fit 2 adults in there comfortably.Some things I did not like were the valet staff, not very friendly or helpful.  I did not like paying the $20/nt resort fee which I was not informed of until check-in.  However, I did like that the resort fee included internet, shuttle service, shoe shine, etc.  No casino was kind of a downside, but the peace and quiet was a good trade off.Yes, this place is a little off the strip, but its not too bad.  5min walk to Wynn.  Plus there is a free shuttle that takes you to the corner of Wynn & Las Vegas Blvd. and there is another shuttle that takes you to Caesar's so you're pretty much in decent walking distance to everything.  The shuttle saved us over $20/day on cab fare anyway so it balances out.Overall, I would definitely stay here again.  Nice and quiet environment, great for families or a quiet getaway.
5	The whole hotel is non-smoking!!!!! And it was nice and quiet. Love the location, staff nice, and kitchenettes in room. Decor very nice. I am defintely staying here again!!!
5	Stayed here this past weekend for the first time. It was an absolutely amazing experience! I heard so many great reviews and my bf's sister and her husband stayed here once and we got to see their rooms. The rooms at the trump are fantastical! My group of 3 just got the regular room but I believe it was still larger than most typical rooms on the strip! The room was spacious, clean, and there was plenty of closet/storage space! The bed was the BEST bed I've ever slept in! SOO COMFY! I just wanted to sleep all day and all night! but, who goes to vegas to do that?! lol! Another plus was the sofa was a pull out couch, so my friend got his own bed as well. The bathroom is awesome too! I have a thing about small shower stalls but this one was great! Enough room to move around and not touch any walls, which i like! There is also a very large tub/jacuzzi which I unfortunately didnt get the chance to try out. I will definitely go in it next time around though! Like all the other reviews mentioned, there is a tv implemented into the mirror. It was Its not a new thing haha. The service at the hotel is great, too. The check-in line wasnt too long and the lady that helped me was really friendly. She tried to offer an upgrade for 40 bucks to a one bedroom suite but I didnt  take it. Valet and the door man service were excellent too. Each time I brought my car up, there was someone to take down my information right away. The first night there, we tried to hook up our ipods to the iLove they provide in the room, but it was broken. We called the front desk and they quickly sent someone up to replace it. The only downfall I encountered was that both nights I stayed there, I tried to ask room service for an extra blanket for my friend on the pull out couch. Both nights they ran out of blankets. Really? They ran out? Weird. But oh well. They did provide us with the regular sheets though.
3	If they could fix the valet situation I think it would be a great spot to stay. I just don't understand why they don't have good tea in the room and the iced tea at the pool was rough. For a place like this they need to spend alittle on the beverages. Facilities are top notch and spa is beautiful I have had one massage there and it was nothing short of excellent. Just need some help on the amenities to bring up to the level of the physical property
3	A great Hotel for those who want to go to Vegas, but can't stand the casinos and the smell of smoke
5	Oh Donald Trump, you sure know how to make your hotels glamorous, fabulous, and classy.  I give this place 4.5 stars because it's still no Encore.  However, I rounded it up to 5 because of great customer service. Booking a hotel for an all girl trip to Vegas was a lot easier than I thought.  Thanks to Travel Zoo's amazing deal, we booked Friday-Sunday for $99/night for a Studio Suite.  It usually costs around $150/night for these bad boy suites.  Keep in mind they have the annoying $20 "convenience fees"  each night!  Regardless, it was still a steal!  Boy, I love Vegas.   The Hotel: When we arrived, they only offer free valet service, no self parking.  What a great way to roll into Vegas.  We walked straight to the lobby and avoided walking through a parade of smokers and casino players unlike other hotels.  The lobby is absolutely gorgeous with glitzy lights, gold colors, and it smelled so good there...like potpourri.  They have a nice luxurious lounging area where people can wine and dine as well.  Yes, it is non-smoking and they have no casino. I actually prefer this just because of the quick easy access to the rooms and quietness after a night out in Vegas. The suite:  We got the suite room which comes with a King sized bed and a pull-out queen bed couch.  It came with a European style kitchen so it had a mini fridge, stove, microwave, sink, and some dishes.  It was very spacious and the perfect amount of room for 5 gals.  The bed was comfortable but nothing like them Encore bed/sheets ya know what I'm sayin?  They give two small complimentary water bottles but each additional one is $1.The bathroom was HUGE. It came with a big shower area, toilet area, and a few amenities.  The only thing about the showers is it's slightly see-through. Hence, you can see blurry naked bodies if someone is showering or taking a poop. What a tease!  Highlights of the bathroom:  big tub/jacuzzi and a cool snazzy tv in the mirror.  Never seen anything like that so kudos, Mr. Trump.   We made good use of the tub, it was extremely relaxing!  My girls and I slipped into our jammies, ordered pizza delivery, and soaked our poor feet after a night of dancing in painful heels. That's how we roll after a night of debauchery. Swimming Pool: This is probably the only downside to the hotel.  It was just a regular rectangular sized pool but it had nice lounging sofas and chairs out with waitresses serving drinks.  One perk is they have a gym and spa right next to it.  Free gym access for hotel residents! (That's where part of your convenience fee goes towards fyi.) Location:  We made use of their free shuttle service to the Encore/Wynn and Caesar's Palace.  Taxi cabs would cost around $8-12 depending on traffic as well, but split that between us girls it was definitely worth it.  It's also literally right across the Fashion Mall, haaaay! Very convenient for last minute clubbing outfits or to grab a quick bite to eat.Customer Service:  Excellent service.  I called and complained about a minor incident with my friend who had an encounter with security because her hotel key didn't work late night and they gave her a tough time since the room was under my name.  So security had to come up to our room at 5am to check my id.  Situation with security could've been handled better but I understand they are doing it for security reasons.   However, I called them up and a nice manager named Gerald was extremely helpful and offered an upgrade to a One Bedroom Corner Premium Suite next time I book with them. That's the way to do business! Downsides:Only downside was you may have to wait awhile for valet and shuttle services to come around.  Also, we called room service for extra blankets, pillows, towels.  But they ran out of blankets! The hell? So my friends slept in the comfy bathrobe with the sheets.  At least they hooked us with tons of pillows and towels. I will definitely be back at the Trump Hotel, frolicking in a bathrobe in my upgrade corner suite next time!
5	Best hotel room on the Strip without breaking the bank, but a longer walk to the heart of the strip.  No real food options in the hotel, but the huge rooms come with a kitchenette.  SUPER stylish and comfy room.  If you come here to Vegas and don't gamble, and real luxury to spend all day in the room and just order room service.  A tip: Get a burger/fries special at Stripburger just down the block and bring into the room before heading back out for clubbing.
3	The rooms are nice but the outside noise is terrible. We're on the 55th floor and can hear the UPRR train whistle every 4hrs as it goes by. The pool is small. Would not stay here again due to the noise.
4	Stayed here for 2 nights on Dec 18, 2008.  Yea, it was a while ago, but it was such a positive experience, and I'm doing my Vegas reviews right now, so I wanted to share my recollection (as I simultaneously browse through pics of that weekend)I'm gonna do bullet points for this review:- Lobby = quietly elegant, and there is a grand piano at the lounge area- Bed = comfy, but the details elude me- Room = soft yellow/gold tones, spacious, and with a kitchenette that includes a microwave. Oh, and there's a couch your leech of a buddy can sleep on too.- View = decent one of the strip, though you are actually a block away from the center, so it's not the best- Bathroom = there's a TV built into the mirror! And the shower was, at the time, the biggest I've ever been in -- I remember I could imagine myself in it with 4 more girls easily!  Unfortunately, in reality, I had myself a nice shower before soaking in a bubble bath.I'd definitely stay here again if I was aiming for a nice, quiet getaway in Vegas.  It's close enough to all the action on the strip, but don't try walking back to the hotel from TAO -- it's farther than it looks.  Another reason it's so quiet is because there's no casino.  If you want to be where all the young, loud, drunkenly crazy, and hopefully half naked girls are, don't stay here.
5	A top-notch, quality, hotel experience. The building is decked in gold and totally ornate. The bathrooms have a jacuzzi tub, shower, and TV in the mirror, the floors are decked in marble. I had a great experience making some coffee, filling up the tub, and just watching TV relaxing. The robes including in the room were amazing quality as well.It's a bit off the strip, you have to take a cab to get anywhere, but that's not too much of a problem. I enjoy the fact that it's just a regular hotel without a casino and tacky slotmachines everywhere.
5	Great hotel overall. Perks include... no smell of smoke once you enter. Fresh, clean and friendly. Rooms are superb - large, clean, fresh, packed with luxury items. Stayed in a suite - two FULL bathrooms, FULL kitchen with xtra large fridge, FREE wifi even for multiple computers (love that feature when you wind up with two devices that require internet). Dog friendly, off the beaten path of the Strip. Four Seasons used to be my #1 and this has officially taken over.
5	This place was amazing!  We stayed here when we went to Vegas without any planning, and they were able to get us a room, even if it was a holiday weekend.When we came to check in, they automatically upgraded us to VIP.  Then, we went to a separate office to have a personal concierge who takes care of our entire stay.  Our room was upgraded to a City View Suite, (we only paid about $100 a night) and was greeted everytime we walked in and went back to our room.About 10 minutes after we checked in and was personally seen to our room by the concierge, we got a phone call from the manager making sure that everything was ok.  Our room was HUGE and we didn't expect it to be that big.  We were amazed once we walked in.It had a kitchen, living room with pullout couch overlooking the strip, plasma tvs, two bathrooms (one for any additional guests and one for us).  The bedroom had a king-size bed with down comforter and pillows, robes, and a couch.  The closets were pretty spacious and were separate for his and hers.  In addition, there was an iHome in the room so we can listen to our iPods and iPhone when we woke up.The master bathroom was huge; it had two showers, a separate toilet room, a vanity desk for makeup, a jacuzzi whirlpool tub, his and her sinks, and even a TV in the bathroom mirror.  It was bigger than the bedroom itself!  I recommend this place to anybody.  There isn't a casino and the hotel is completely non-smoking, so you can breathe easy when you walk in!  The entire hotel smells SO good and they really make you feel special. This is my gem in Las Vegas and by far the most favorite hotel we've stayed at. :)
4	The Trump Hotel is a great crash pad when you're in Vegas. It being a holiday weekend, most resort/casinos on the strip were priced pretty high. However, I was able to find a great deal at Trump on Expedia for $109/night. We got a great room on the 57th floor facing the strip. The rooms are nicely appointed. All rooms have two doors to get through so you are away from the hallway and it's extremely quiet. There is a kitchenette that is fully stocked with a stove, microwave, fridge, toaster, blender, utensils, pots, pans, plates, pasta strainer, martini shaker and more. You can cook all your meals right inside your room, but there really isn't a grocery store nearby, so it's pretty unlikely that you will. Each room has a comfy king bed and a sofa bed so you can sleep up to 4. The bathroom has a huge jacuzzi tub and separate shower, and a tv right in the mirror. There is plenty of closet space. And there's also free wi-fi.The staff is very friendly and accommodating, and you'll receive top notch service as you would expect from a luxury hotel. And that's all it really is. It is NOT a resort/casino. There are only two restaurants, one bar, a pool, spa and gift shop. Which means you'll be spending most of your time being entertained at other places. While it's located across the street from Encore/Wynn and next to the mall, it is set back from the strip, and you will end up taking taxis everywhere you go. So, on one hand, it's nice that you don't have to walk 20 minutes through a casino to get to your room, but if you're there to gamble, this is not the hotel for you.4 stars for the value and the great customer service. Plus, they allowed early check-in and late check-out. But if you want to go all out, I'd suggest Palazzo or Encore.
3	Me and my mom stayed here for 2 nights during this past labor day weekend. We had a good experience here with this hotel but it wasn't as the way I expected it would be.After reading all the great reviews here I chose Trump for our stay.  It's well known for the quiteness away from the casino/nightclub scene of the strip. However, my experience was not in agreement with this.Our room was on the 22nd floor with a view of the strip facing the fashion show mall. The pool was on the same side as our room on the lower floors. The minute I stepped inside the room, I heard loud dance/hip hop music coming from outside. It was soooo loud (especially the bass) I couldn't get a good afternoon nap after a long drive. I thought it was suppose to be super quite, but it wasn't. Along with the music, there were also loud train whistle noises coming from i dunno where.I didn't wanna share a bed with my mom so I slept on the sofa bed. Although everything else in the room was super clean, the sofa bed was not. It had crumbs of food left over on the mattress from before. The housekeeping staff came in to prepare my sofa bed, but the sheets weren't that clean either. Other than this, everything else was great! I loved the free shuttle to and from Wynn, that made everything convenient. and It's right across from the mall, so that was great too!I wish we had a room on the other side of the hotel away from the pool, that would probably make my experience much better
5	If I could stay at Trump every time I'm in Vegas, I'd be happy.  It's a non-smoking hotel and casino free so there's this moment of relief when you walk in the doors.  No need to snake your way through a crowded, smokey casino floor to get to your room.  Because it's brand new, it's absolutely gorgeous, clean and the staff are super friendly.  There's an extra layer of privacy for rooms because you have to enter a hallway door to gain access to your actual room door (the entry-way is shared with another room) so it feels like an apartment.  Each room comes equipped with a small kitchenette so there's a fridge for alcohol, a microwave for those 2a.m. burritos and a Wolf range in case you're really ambitious and want to make ramen.  The pool is small but it works for people that are looking to have a relaxing, enjoyable time in the water. It doesn't jive with folks that go to the pool wearing heels, all skanked out, and looking for a wet t-shirt contest to win. It's no Tao beach.  Just the way I like it. It's a little off the strip but that's ok -- just a quick trip through the fashion mall and Trump is on the other side. Gives you a reason to go shopping. :)
4	The Trump had decent rates for the Labor Day weekend, so when my boyfriend won yet another poker tournament, we decided to vacate our Go Room at the Flamingo and extend our stay by one night in the Trump Tower. We felt the difference as soon as we walked in. No long check-in lines filled with tourists sporting Disney shirts and fanny packs. Everyone was dressed to the nines here, ready to impress and boast (oh yeah, there was a lot of boasting by the pool area). When our bell boy arrived at our spacious suite, we suddenly heard a train rattle so loudly I thought we were right on the train tracks. The front desk was called immediately, they apologized and moved us to a suite that was facing away from train tracks - phew, no waking up at 6am!The suite itself was great. It was equipped like a studio apartment, there was a kitchenette with burners, a sub-zero fridge, a microwave and all sorts of kitchen utensils. My favorite was the bathroom. My eyes popped when I saw the massive jacuzzi tub. It was deep enough that my uber-tall boyfriend could actually fit in it and have his knees submerged in the water. The shower was also very spacious and I loved the fact that we had two sinks.You definitely understand why people buy suites or stay for extended times at the Trump when you see their state-of-the-art gym. I expected a couple of cardio machines and a weight rack. Wrong! There were about 50 pieces of equipment and the gym looked out onto the pool area. You can run your miles on the treadmill while checking out all the hunky men at the pool, need I say more?! My one complaint to Donald is the food that is served at the Trump. Whether it is the pool-side sandwiches and salads from their pool restaurant H2Eau or their dine-in room food. It is sub-par. The 6am pizza was probably only edible because I was starved and drunk. The meat on that pizza tasted like a blob of grease. Yuck! Next time I stay here I will get a burger at the Flamingo diner in the early morning hours before I retreat back to this otherwise impeccable hotel.Note: There is no casino in this hotel, nor is smoking allowed anywhere on the property. So stay here if you want to avoid the chain-smoking, slot-machine addicted crowd and soak in some air of exclusivity!
5	Absolutely beautiful.This is what all hotels should be.. flippin' huge tubs, fancy shmancy tv installed into the mirror of the bathroom. huge comfy bed. full kitchen (although there aren't any pots, pans or utensils for you to use on that stove), and super friendly staff. No casino here, thank god! No smokers puffing clouds of nicotine smoke all over the air. A little off the strip, but right across the street from  Fashion Mall.
5	Really a fantastic hotel for the price! (about 150 per night) (how could you go wrong with the name and reputation that follows Trump?) Sure, there is no casino, but this makes this hotel perfect for the non-partying Vegas goer (do they exist or am i the only one?). Even if you do party, there are courtesy shuttles that will take you directly to the strip. The rooms are nicely designed (jacuzzi tubs!) and make for a very comfortable stay. It is located off the strip, which in my opinion, is great because there isn't any problem with pedestrians that do not obey the "do not walk" sign, who yell at you for proceeding at your green light while they are in the middle of the intersection.   Another great thing about Trump was that I checked out to hotel hop over to excalibur hoping to save $100 on a night in vegas. I got there and there was a lovely bed bug on my pillow waiting to greet me. I immediately packed my bags and left, went back to Trump and told them I had nowhere to go. They offered me a room at 20% off and let me stay at the snap of a finger. FANTASTIC!con: valet parking only = 2-5 tips every time (you don't have to but you just feel bad for the people running around, and it's just common courtesy :-) RECOMMEND!
4	This is one of the nicest hotels I've ever experienced and I'd recommend it to anyone staying in Vegas. Bottom line: killer value! I stayed here for $109 a night on the weekend and for what you get, it could have easily been $200+ anywhere else. The lobby entrance is fancy but not over-the-top, with a large space but pretty straight forward design between the front desk, lounge, and restaurant areas. The pool is just alright, nothing special, but does the job if poolside isn't going to be one of your main destinations while in Vegas. Our room was one of the basic spaces offered, but it had plenty of amenities and was beyond comfortable. I'd say the highlights are, the huge bathroom with large vanity, shower, and separate jacuzzi tub, and the kitchenette that allows you to have all the functionality of a small apartment even for just a weekend stay. I've found myself wishing at EVERY nice hotel I've stayed at since that they had that kitchen. The bed and seating provided are all comfortable and the room was very spacious. The only reason I'm giving the Trump a four star rating is because of it's location. This is Vegas after all and it's at the end of the strip, so taxis, and a bit more walking were in order. The hotel is a five in my book though, and if you don't mind the location, then it's well worth it.
4	Great hotel. Rooms are huge. The bathroom is about the size of the room. Huge spa bath tub, shower and private toilet. There is even a TV in the mirror. Your stay includeds complimentary wifi and bottles of water. Yes, the bottles of water are free in your room.The pool is on the second floor with the gym and it's nothing special. Just a long rectangle pool with lounge chairs. There is a guy grillin burgers and chicken next to the pool if you're hungry. I didn't try it, but it smelled good. The only disappointing part of the hotel is that it is about a 5-10 minute (girls in high heels tend to walk slower) walk to the strip. Once you get there, you can walk across the street to the Wynn or a block down is the Palazzo or TI. It is nice that the mall is literally across the street. Walk into Nordstroms and you're there.
5	Great Hotel, I'll make this simple.5 Months, 5 Vegas HotelsThis is the winner.No Casino, you can relaxNo Smoking AnywhereGreat room with everything you need to set up camp     Stove, Refrigerator, sitting area, WiFiResort Fee includes WiFi, only one of the five hotels that did that!Right Across from the Fashion Show CenterYou want to live and party like a Rock Star? a cheap cab ride will take you across the street to Wynn for shows, casino, shopping and night life.
4	Trump Hotel is very nice.  Their suites are more like studio apartments because it has a kitchen, living room area where you can lounge or use the pull out sofa, and a jacuzzi tub.  I love staying here, only thing is there is no casino downstairs.
2	Booked via Hotwire. 5 stars. North on the strip. Excellent deal. Condo.Alrighty, where should I start this review. Stayed here from Thursday night - Saturday afternoon. Basic Info -No casino. A resort. Mini stock kitchen ( stove, fridge, pots, pans, salad tosser, glasses, you name it). Grand luxurious bathroom with a jacuzzi. Comfortable bed and warm cozy sheets. Sofa easily converted to a pull-out bed. Right behind Palazzo and Venetian.Service -When it came to delivering hotels and glasses, it was definietly lacking. Waited 5 hours for some glasses. Waited 1 hour for towels. Along with numerous follow-up and reminder phone calls. Definetly disappointed.Security -BIG MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT. Friend #1 got super wasted and did not have the key to get into the room, so calls Friend #2 to call the front desk and ask for security to open the door. Friend #2 does not know who's name the hotel is booked under or any information such as credit card info, address, etc. After numerous attempts on guessing the address and slowly reading my cell phone number off her phone, front desk allows Friend #1 to enter the room. Granted that it was my friend and they were staying with us, you guys really need to enforce security and ensure the safety of your guests. It should be much more difficult, if not impossible, for anyone to be allowed into your room without the actual check-in person's consent. Had it been a complete stranger or someone else entering our room, you guys would've been in MAJOR TROUBLE. Extremley disappointed, Trump.
5	Ah the Trump... the big gold beacon in lovely Las Vegas! We stayed here by chance. We had booked at Treasure Island, but when we arrived around 2 am on Saturday morning, they were overbooked and sent us to the Trump for a complimentary stay. I was exhausted from working all day and driving all night. I didn't care, just point me to a bed, and boy did they. I was impressed by how beautiful the Trump was. The bed was AMAZING, like sleeping on a cloud. The bathroom had a jacuzzi tub big enough for two people. It was the ultimate place to relax and unwind. The Trump is right off the strip. We stayed on the 56th floor and the view was mind blowing. My boyfriend hated that it didn't have a casino, but I think that it was great because you didn't have to walk through all the cha-chings of the slots to get outside. It was very classy. Its obviously a high end hotel, and what impressed me most is that even though they knew they weren't getting a dime from me (since TI comp'd us the night), they didn't treat us any different from the people in suits paying a lot of money to stay there. I would LOVE to go back and recommend it to everyone!
5	My friend booked the room and when I found out it was the Trump, and that it was not centrally located on the strip I had my doubts. Those worries melted away the minute I arrived. The valet service was excellent, checking on us and making sure to be at our fingertips for any assistance we might have needed prior to checking in. It put as at ease that they were well dressed, easy going, and seemed happy to be there. When we declined help with our baggage but then changed our minds they promptly got us the service we needed. Walking into the hotel the decor was very upscale and made you feel like a high roller even when strolling in with priceline fees. It was also nice that there was no casino attached to the hotel because I don't have to look at cracked out seniors, with glassy eyes pulling at a lever with a cup of jack&coke accompanying their jar of coins, the image hazy with cigarette smoke and the sound of "DING DING DING" ringing in my ears. The room was beautifully decorated and spacious with a mini kitchen, small living area, and a separate bedroom. It had 2 bathrooms which was AMAZING for a weekend with a predominately female crowd itching to go clubbing. We had a mini kitchen which we used to full advantage to cool our liquor, and it came with a little ice machine which was great because that meant no late night/early morning jaunts to get ice for our alcoholic binges (this was shown to us by the guy who came up with our bags, he even offered to get our ice started for us). The main bathroom came with a jacuzzi tub, a full shower, his&her sinks, and a separate small room for the toilet. The 1/2 bath came with a sink, shower, and toilet. Not only did the main bathroom have a large mirror with a tv to keep you entertained as you slap on some makeup for the night, there was also a large full body mirror close to the door. Again things females notice and appreciate, especially when fighting for some mirror space among your friends, haha. The main bed was super comfortable and was a dream to sleep on after a hard night of working it on the dance floor. It was also nice that they had a pullout bed in the couches for the guys to sleep on. The valet was helpful when we were leaving to party because he mentioned to us that a limo would be only $30 for our party of 7 which was much better than splitting us up into two cabs. Albeit it took a little time for the limo to arrive but it was nice that he noticed the size of our party and helped us out.Overall one of the best customer service oriented hotels on the vegas strip that I've stayed at so far having been to treasure island, flamingo, paris, and the venetian. I would definitely recommend it and I would certainly come back. No complaints here!
4	Luxury and class without the spoils of midnight gaming and hookers.  Very nice stay and overlooked one of the neighborhood strip joints from the 57th floor.
5	After reading many poor reviews of this property I was very worried my family and I would be miserable.  I tried to back out of my reservation and book the hotel I normally stay in.  I was reassured by the reservation manager and I decided to stay at Trump.  I have stayed all over the world at some of the nicest places you could imagine. I won't name drop but Trump was one of the best.  We stayed for four nights and I have all positives to share for the services Trump offers.  For my family the location was great.  Easy to get in and out of the hotel.  It was nice to be able to walk across the street to a mall, which we did several times. Room service was good even at 2 am.  All of the employees were cordial.  Our suite was well appointed and spacious.  We enjoyed the kitchen area and both bathrooms were beautiful.  We would stay at Trump Intl. again without hesitation.
5	Love, love, love this place as my Vegas lodging.  It's close to the Sands Expo center, close to shopping and eats at the mall and doesn't have the smoky, impossible to navigate casino on the ground floor, blocking easy access to the great outdoors.  Their gym and pool area is very nice and the rooms are very well equipped and beautiful.
3	3.5 starsWe stayed here for the weekend and it reminded me of The Signature Suites at MGM.  At least the layout was similar.   Obviously Signature is nicer in every aspect and the rooms are larger but for the price Trump is a nice place to stay.Room service was quick and I was happy with initial cleanliness of the rooms.So I gave it a 3.5 star because:  I've stayed at a lot of the hotels in Vegas and this wasn't Wynn quality (5 star), Aria (4 star), TI etc (3 star), Luxor (2 star).Bottom line:  Would recommend!
5	I travel a lot and stay at some very nice hotels..the Trump is one of the nicest I have stayed at.  Negatives;No late night foodThat's about it!Positives;Yes it's off the strip but that's what I wantedEasy taxi accessclose to the mall & the WynnNice 1 bedroom roomsbeautiful bathroomstop notch all around
5	Went to Vegas for a wedding this past weekend and we stayed at the Penthouse.  It is absolutely marvelous in every regard!  Love the full-size Sub-Zero fridge in the kitchen area.  The master bath area has a tv screen in the mirror, a nice techy feature.  The living area is hugely spacious and super comfortable, makes you want to actually stay in your room the whole time there.  We ordered room service for breakfast (gotta try the sausages, they are the BEST!) and for late-night snack (hummus = delicious!) and both showed up within the time frame they promised.  This hotel is non-smoking, which is wonderful when you come back to your room after walking around smoky casinos earlier.  Will definitely be coming back again.
4	I booked this hotel on a discount site, using ''SECRET HOTEL' feature.  I chose a 4-star on the strip.  I got the Trump.While the hotel is not truly on the strip, it had a good location.  However:  there is not a well-lit full side walk to the strip.  I did manage, though.I really like this property.  The room was well appointed and had everything I needed...including a garbage disposal??I loved the bathroom, the hot tub, the over sized shower.  The staff at every turn was cordial, informative, helpful, and caring.
4	Oh, Trump...What a place to be especially when you're in need of a good sobering atmosphere in void of all the loud slot machine clinks and hustle and bustle of the inebriated crowd. Based on the previous experience I've had here a while ago, I decided to stay at the posh Trump International Hotel again for another round of my vegas trip. Overall, I am satisfied with the familiar sight of luxurious decor and the soothing feel of the soft bed. The hot tub surely deserves a skyrocketing thumbs up from me since it has different speed functions and MAN was it relaxing to just soak and snore. If you have a chance, try to just kick back and chill out in that tub with the TV on within the mirror. Ahhh...can you say zen moment?Aside from my general commendation, I do, however, have some criticism to make about one particular thing: the housekeeping service.For some reason or another, they didn't come and clean my room after the first night that I was there regardless of the fact that I made sure to turn on the light that requests for a housekeeping service before going out and about. It took two calls to the front desk before a maid finally made her way up and rid the room of the used towels and touched up on the things that needed the necessary service. It wasn't that part that got to me however.At around 4 AM, one of the peeps in my room started to snore. Being a light sleeper that I am and knowing that I'd have to rise up at the crack of dawn to get ready for a friend's wedding, I called the front desk to request for a pair of ear plugs. The lady on the line told me she'd forward the request on to the housekeeping department and that they'd bring a pair up right away. I patiently waited for about half an hour without the slightest hint that anyone was gonna bring me anything. I called the housekeeping again and was given the same message. Another 10 minutes passed by when the phone suddenly rang and woke everyone up. After picking up the phone, the person on the other line told me, in a tone similar to what you'd probably hear on the X-files episode "I don't know who you talked to before, but there is no earplug". Esqueeze moi? You have to actually call me to say that after two phonecalls instead of just telling me right away?Pushing that aside, I acknowledged to her of the fact and tried to put my sleep through the old way of counting cows, sheeps, or whatever the hell other things are that jump over the imaginative fence. Five minutes later, someone rang the doorbell and disturbed everyone's peaceful slumber once again. To my surprise, the earplugs DO exist. I do admit that I am to blame for my friends' semi-lack of a good night rest, but I must share part of the guilt-pie with the housekeeping department since they should've informed the earplug detective that they DO have earplugs so that the unneccessary phone call and door bell would've been prevented.Another thing that I wish would exist there is the concept of double-occupancy. Despite the availability of the convertible sofa-bed, who would want to sleep on that when coming to this hotel? But perhaps I missed the objective of this place. Maybe it's only intended for couples who want to stay there and cook things together instead of a group of people who are there for the vegas experience? Who knows? You be the judge. As for me, I'd give it a 4-solid stars for not have double beds and slow housekeeping service.
4	Definitely not mad at this place.  We stayed here for our last Vegas trip.  My friends specifically chose this place because it's a non-smoking hotel and they brought their baby.  We stayed in two connected one bedroom suites.  I walked into the hotel and the first thing that I noticed was how good it smells.  Can't quite put my finger on what it smells like but I know it ain't no glade air freshener. lol!My best friend's brother: DAAAAAMN HOMIE, this hotel is the shit! This is wassup! Gangstaaaa!English translation: Dang man, this hotel is exquisite. It's so nice in here. Cool beans. Our rooms were on the 37th floor.  The rooms were nice.  I mean there wasn't anything that really stood out to me but it was a comfortable stay.  The beds were comfortable.  We had a kitchen in each room, both fully stocked with cooking appliances and utensils.  This was great since there weren't any late night restaurants in the hotel.  We had the liberty to cook our own spam and rice. (gheeeettttttoooooo) hahah. The fridge was is a good size.  Big enough to fit a liter of Greygoose and my Jameson of course.  The bathroom was nice.  A lot of room for people to take a bath, shower, and use the toilet all at the same time.  (not that this happened.............) The last day of waking up here I woke up laying on my back with a bowl of Cheeze-Itz on my tummy, a wrapped cigar next to my head, a missing tooth,  one shoe on,  a tiger in the bathroom,  and there was also a crying baby in the closet. (jk about the baby)I didn't give them 5 stars because we barely had any cell phone reception.  What if your Vegas hook-up was trying to call you to come up to your room?!!?! hahahah kidding once again..............
3	When I first checked in, the front desk staffer wrote the wrong room number down--something on the 18th floor--so I had to come back down and find that they put me on an even lower floor, 16. No apology, just a "oh the last person wrote the wrong room number down." I was literally on the lowest floor possible, which rather sucked considering the place had 64 floors and was definitely not fully booked when I was there mid-week. The mandatory resort charge was also confusing--does having an outdoor pool these days automatically make one a "resort"? Methinks not.But overall I liked that it was located just a bit off the Strip but close enough for me to walk to in 5 minutes, no casino or associated crowds, decent pool (what is with the max. 4 ft. depth though?), and rooms are all very nice. Price I got was pretty good, too--less than $300 for a 2-night stay.
3	For a five-star hotel, the Trump was definately lacking in credability.[Pros:]- Beautiful Hotel: The lobby, pool, rooms were all gorgeous.- TV in the bathroom? For sure!- Studio Suites have a very smart layout: Simplistic to have 4+ people in a room and get ready without inconveniencing one other.- Room Service: Saturday morning breakfast was quite tasty![Cons:]- Bloody mary was like an over peppered watered down cocktail. Absolutely disgusting.- Room service took over an hour to prepare, I almost forgot we ordered it.- House keeping failed! We asked them to clean up, they barely even fixed the bed.- My cousin asked for blankets over 3 times and they ultimately failed to provide him with them.- My bed had ripped sheets in it. RIPPED SHEETS in a five star hotel? You must be joking...Verdict: I had fun, but there were way too many things that had to be fixed about this hotel experience. I would consider staying here again only if I were guaranteed with a five-star experience...
5	Most beautiful, accommodating, plush hotel I have ever stayed at! I love that they don't have a casino.Smells like gardenias when you walk in!
5	[Reviewed by Kel]Before I write this review, let me say that I:- don't smoke- don't gamble- love to shop- don't really party- have a husband that is pretty darn frugal- like to sleep inOn the basis of that description, the Trump Hotel was the PERFECT Las Vegas hotel for me because it:- is completely non smoking- does not have a noisy casino inside- is directly across the street from the Nordstrom entrance to the Fashion Show Mall- does not have any rowdy clubs inside- is CHEAP compared to other strip hotels that are less stars ($125/night on a holiday weekend!)- has a late checkoutThe bed and bedding at this hotel are simply divine, like sleeping on clouds and sadly better than the bedding I have at home. The towels are plush and soft. And the pullout bed in the sofa is pretty comfortable. $125/night for a five-star hotel, booked last minute on Labor Day weekend... what a steal!The only drawbacks are: no affordable food on premise and bit of a walk to the strip (but you can walk through the Fashion Show Mall during the day). Also, a $20/day resort fee kind of blows. But many hotels in Vegas have a resort fee, so this isn't out of the norm.Trump, I will definitely be back!
3	Comfy and quiet.  But it would be great if they could offer free wi-fi.
4	"Drop the 4am train whistle, you've got 5 stars!!"*IF YOU ARE LOOKING AT THESE YELP REVIEWS TO MAKE A DECISION ON WHERE TO STAY IN VEGAS; READ  ALL OF THE REVIEWS AND LOOK AT THE PIC'S! GREAT INFO!!*OK, We haven't been to Vegas in years!! Ended up at Trump's due to a work function..Nice Choice!! Excellent check-in service, Great Bell Desk and Front Greeters that hail Cabs for you- we never waited over a few minutes to get transportation.. AND we had a group of 6 - 8 every time! Nice Location- Mild walk / few minutes from the Wynn and Encore, Healthy walk to MGM and south end of the strip.OK- Nuts and bolts: Great Rooms, nice single door entry into a Fourier area where your door is..Classy! Nicely laid out rooms- Kitchenette area, small Fridge VERY Comfy bed! Supper bathroom with whirlpool tub; big enough for two! Two large closets- enough space of two peopleTake a look at the Pic's everyone has posted- there are some good shots. PROS- Non-smoking; I smoke Cigars and didn't mind not smoking at the bar.Always transportation available- At ALL hours!Clean, Quiet Hotel No CasinoElizabeth brought us up some Muffins and fruit for breakfast- very nice, classy.CONS-No Casino..I KNOW I KNOW.. listed this twice! But as the "King of ADD" it was nice to be able to walk straight up to the room!The F*^%$#@K'n train that went by at 4am and 6am with Horns blaring!The 'iLuv' Room radio didn't support iPod 5G unit.. all others worked fine!No Tea Bags in the room! There was a Tea Pot, there was coffee but NO TEA??!! (But you could get it for $6 from room service!) No Additional Luggage stand- 1 luggage stand But 2 closets?NUTSHELL- I would stay there again without question!
4	Pros: Free upgrade, free shuttle, good location, non-smoking/non-gaming, 4pm checkoutCons: Minor booboos, free shuttle, no doorman or taxi personIf i could, I'd actually give this hotel an extra .5 stars.  I booked this hotel through priceline and actually got ripped off, so I wouldn't recommend that.  BUT, I booked another night through bookit.com as a "5 star mystery hotel" and got a great deal!! The hotel is located slightly off the strip (a quick and easy walk, even in the cold and in heels), right across from Fashion Show Mall (Nordstrom and the ginormous Forever 21).  There is also a complimentary shuttle that takes you to Caesars Palace and Encore (which is pointless bc it is just down the street)...but I can't complain, it's free.  The hotel is BEAUTIFUL!  Very glamorous and over the top with crystal chandeliers and gold accents...very Trump.    To top it off, the hotel smells like lotion and is quiet....It is completely non-smoking and non-gaming...a nice little retreat from all the chaos on the strip.  A downfall, though, is that there was no doorman at the front or person directing taxis/traffic.  I think this should be standard for ALL 5 star hotels...especially anything with the Trump name.Also...We were lucky to score a free upgrade!  Instead of a studio, we were upgraded to a 1 bedroom/2 full bathroom suite.  The master bath is HUGE with a separate shower/tub and vanity. I believe all rooms have a full kitchen, lounge area and dining table.  HOWEVER, there were minor problems in our room...No TV in the bathroom mirror (but the cables were still there) and 1 of our closet doors would not open.  But, again, since our upgrade was free, we can't really complain.Overall, I had a great experience here and would definitely stay here, again!
4	Great Hotel and Great Location....Pros: Too many to mention.Cons:  Housekeeping left a lot to be desired.  Not consistent.
2	Let me say we were initially excited to stay here for two reasons.  The first is that they do not have a casino on site which means no smoke filled areas or loud crazy noises.  The second is that they were dog friendly (under 25 pounds).  We got both but that was pretty much it.Upon check in the check in desk was friendly and greeted us well.  The room (a 1 bedroom suite which we paid for...we were not upgraded) was very spacious and the master bathroom was way bigger and better than expected.  The problem started from there though.  There were no paper towels or any towels in the kitchen (for the first two days), no soap or sponge to wash any dishes with, no Q-tips or cotton balls in the bath.  We expected more for this level of hotel.  Then when we pulled out the sofa bed, wow, you couldn't get more of an uncomfortable mattress.  We called downstairs and they brought up a feather bed but it was clear that although they could make the bed for us, they really didn't want to (2 males brought up the feather bed and extra blanket).  That unfortunately became a recurrent theme to this hotel, the staff would say "what can we do to help" but did not actually want to help...here are just a few examples:1.  When down at the pool, we wanted to get a shaded umbrella for our 3 year old while she was eating her meal near the pool.  When we asked, the three people who were attending the pool acting like it was an inconvenience to them and they almost acting like the patrons weren't even there as they just conversed amongst themselves (I will say that the female that was down there was the one who eventually got our umbrella while the other two guys just stood there looking "pretty")2.  When carrying my little one in my arms out of the pool area, NO attendant even attempted to open the double doors for us as we left the pool area back into the building, not on one occasion but both times that we left the area with our hands full.3.  We had already packed and on our visit to the pool area one last time, I forgot that I had already packed the sunblock away.  When we got to the pool, I noticed that there was a rolling cart with clean towels that had 4 or so tubes of sunblock.  I asked the attendant if it was possible to borrow just a squirt to put on my daughter's face and he looked at me like I was an idiot and said "We sell sunblock in the shop over there".  Okay, note to self, the staff at the pool is absolutely useless and not helpful at all.4.  I went down to the business center to print out my boarding pass.  Another guest was trying to do the same.  After about 10 minutes she looked at me and said, "I keep sending the pass to the printer but it won't print".  So I went upstairs and went to the concierge to ask them to print our boarding pass.  She looked at me and said "you can do it downstairs".  I told her about the previous guest and she signed and went ahead and got my info to acquire the boarding passes.  So sorry to bother you from doing you job!5.  We left the hotel to fill up with gas and upon our return we told the Valet that we had run an errand and were ready to check out and were just going upstairs to get our daughter and our luggage and would be back in 10-15 minutes.  He said "it shouldn't be a problem" rather than "oh, no problem".  When we came back downstairs in 15 minutes with my daughter in my arms (she had just woken from a nap), they had moved our car to the furthest area away from the hotel.  What the heck.  Didn't we just tell them that we would be right back?  Now we have to walk even further with our luggage and my daughter once again in my arms.  There wasn't a back upof cars in the Valet area.  Our car was just an inconvenience to them.In summary....we stayed here and when we had to deal with the staff, it was an inconvenience to them to do anything whether it was their job or any slight thing above and beyond.  I will not stay again with so many other choices in Vegas.If you have kids and a dog like I did, please take my advice and stay at the Four Seasons.  We have stayed at the Four Seasons before and it was the absolute opposite of our experience at Trump.  We should have paid more and stayed somewhere where the kids are not a nuisance and are actually catered to and where the staff seems genuinely glad to see us, to help us and to give us anything that makes our stay more positively memorable.
5	I was impressed with Trump International from the minute I arrived.  The woman at the desk arranged for me to check-in before noon and accomodated my request for a late check-out due to a late flight.  The hotel was beautiful and smelled great - something pretty unique in Las Vegas.  The lack of casino and smoking in this hotel was a welcomed releif.The hotel lobby bar was a great place to meet before heading out.  The bartenders were outgoing and knowledgable.  Bartender Sam was able to get me a last minute reservation at Mon Ami Gabi where I was taken care of inspite of the huge lines and long wait times.  HIs recommendation was excellent and perfectly matched the experience I was looking for.The suite was clean, spacious, and modern.  Comfortable robes and bedding were great to come home to after long trade-show hours.  I would absolutely stay at this hotel again.  The locaiton is quiet and access to the strip was easy.
4	I wish I could give this hotel 4.5 stars... The hotel smells so wonderful because it is non-smoking and non-gambling.  Awesome!  We checked in after getting lost looking for the self-parking garage (there is none... it's all valet).  The room was huge!  Mini kitchenette included two electric stove burners, microwave, mini fridge, sink with food disposal, and all the utensils, plates, pans, etc.  The view on the 26th floor was awesome.  Every sunset turned the sky orange.  I have to say, though, that the best part of this hotel was the huge bathroom.  Double vanity sinks, separate private toilet, huge standing shower, and HUGE soaking jetted tub.  It was awesome!  We went for SEMA, so soaking in the tub after walking so many miles was the best remedy.  Also, BONUS TV in the bathroom mirror that you can watch while soaking in the tub.  The shampoo and conditioner they provide is the best I've ever had at a hotel.  My bf loved the conditioner and threatened to use it all himself.  I also loved the hair dryer, which is probably better than the one I use at home.One minus:  stupid train the goes off every morning at like 3am!
5	Huge nice rooms you can purchase, Full of amenities, Non smoking, and No Casino!  Plus they have complimentary Escalade service around town which is pretty awesome.  The pool deck is very relaxing and the little cabanas are great.Each time in Vegas this is where I spend the night.
1	I was going to give this place two stars but then I got trapped in an elevator.  I've ridden in a lot of elevators and never once have they turned into the tower of terror with abrupt stops.  Not exactly luxury, more like ghetto fabulous.  The staff was nice but not exactly intelligent.  There is only one food choice in the hotel.  The pool looks like it was built with 80's construction technology, the hot tub already had cracks in the plaster.  The one good thing is there is no smoking in this hotel.  Better options elsewhere, won't be returning.
4	I have spent a couple weeks here in total. Its a great hotel off the strip. The room rates are affordable and rooms are clean and roomy. For the price, the smallest room is quite roomy. I got my room for 95 plus the resort fee. Thats a good deal for an upscale hotel.
5	When I walked into the Trump International, I was really impressed. For some reason, the lobby looked extra sparkly. You know those moments you get... chandeliers playing in the background and a voice going "ahhhh". The good ahh of course. Haha ok back to the hotel. The front desk agents were really nice and attentive. Check in was a breeze. When my friends and I opened the door to our room we were quite happy because it was spacious. The room was modern and clean! Just the way I like it! We had a good stay and I probably would stay here again :)
5	Anyone who gave this place less than 4 stars has incredibly unrealistic expectations.  We stayed at the Trump over Veterans Day weekend and had a marvelous time!  The staff greeting us were friendly and accomodating, the lobby smelled great and was impeccibly clean, even the lobby restrooms looked like they had been cleaned moments before I walked in.  Even the toilet paper was folded in little points.  It was just a fantastic experience.  I had requested champagne and roses in the room upon arrival, but they were not.  When I called the conceirge, they were brought to our room within 10 minutes, $100 comped to the room and an order of chocolate covered strawberries were sent up (on the house) after dinner.  It was just a really thoughtful and I really appreciated that everyone was so friendly.True, it is located a bit further down the strip than some of the others, but to get away from the smoke and gambling, I thought it was perfect.And then there was the spa.  Oh the spa.  It was heaven!  I could not have asked for a more amazing therapist than Roxanne.  She gave me probably the best massage I've ever had.  My husband and I got a couples hot stone massage and it was so relaxing and absolutely perfect.  I'd go back again in a heartbeat.  Absolutely no complaints.
3	the rooms and prices - 5 starsthe food and restaraunt - 2 starsThe rooms are enormous, with great care and final touches and artful decor. The bathrooms are really nice with a jet batch tub that could fit 2-3 people. The bathroom is also fully stashed with towels galore and plenty of super soft and comfy robes. There is also a tv in my room with a water proof remote.  A must have in any civilized bathroom. Our room even has a small electric stove and microwave and coffee maker. Not that we've used it, but its handy and good to have the option. Now, on to the food. Its pretty bad sometimes. For breakfast I saw only 2 options to have my eggs in an omelette form. EIther a skillet or Omelette. I don't really like either and asked for a Scramble. The woman and I danced around the semtantics of what a scramble really is and then told me that I would have to get a skillet option and then stir everything up on my plate. wonderful. it was like i was having a Larry David moment. She only filled my water glass half full while filling my husbands to the brim, then she took my saucer while i had a cup of hot cocoa in my hand, forgot to bring bread. Either she was drunk at 8 am or she hated me. not sure which. Anyway, i ended up getting the skillet because apparently they can't just scramble eggs. onions on the bottom of a greasy skillet, with a hashbrown, then eggs and tomatoes. It was a hot mess, and not in a good way. Greasy and gross. Then i ordered room service. The chicken soup was bland and would have been better out of a can. The chicken strips were pretty good tho. and the BLTA i had today was good.
4	Wadda mean there's no self-parking?This is Vegas - parking is plentiful and a God-given right.  Fortunately, having to valet my car is my only complain with this joint.  I gotta give 'em credit, considering my computers, wallet and watch were still in the vehicle when I picked it up.Caveat: I didn't stay here overnight.  I spent the day with a client in the Executive Suite on the 64th Floor.  The view of the west valley was phenomenal.  If only I wasn't there on business, I'd have snapped a ton of pics.The room was huge.  I only got to see the kitchen, living and dining areas and one of the bathrooms, but it was BIG.  The odd thing is that I would have expected the place to be far more, um, ostentatious, considering it's a "Trump" property.  I guess I was expecting something more along the lines of his Taj Mahal or even the Trump Towers in NYC.  Instead, the room was very understated (that's not a complaint).  Service was above average and everyone I came into contact was surprisingly (by Vegas standards) friendly and helpful.  There were three employees in the room and I have no idea what their functions or titles were, but they were pretty much waiting on my client's every word.  If I were booking a Vegas vacay, I'd definitely consider this place.
1	OMG I am so grossed out, there were BED BUGS in my room and when I wen to complain they apologized and said there was an Indian family in my room and they moved me to the highest floor suite and comped my entire weekend. THIS IS BRIBERY this is a hotel that has the TRUMP name which attracts lots of internationals that bring the bugs in so DO NO STAY HERE, (unless you want company!)
3	The price for a 5 star hotel was good, cheaper than other places, but there is no casino. Sorry, did not know that it was just suites. Went to our room and thought that the room was nice with a small kitchenette and a pull out sofa-bed, where 4 people could sleep easily in the room. Bathroom was nice with a tv of course.Ordered breakfast which was delicious except for the bloody mary's which was way too peppered.Only reason for three stars is because House keeping is a failure!!! The air-conditioners in the rooms were controllable, but the room was really cold, even though we had turned off the AC.Called housekeeping to ask for some blankets, they sent us thin sheets- called and told them we got thin sheets- they said we should've asked for a thick blanket. So we told them to send us the thick blanket and it didn't show up at all. We called them up probably 10 times but it never showed up. Every time the same answer saying we are sending it BUT IT NEVER DID!!!
5	The only place I visited in Vegas that I'd like to buy a condo.  The staff here... unbeleivable.A short story... WHile waiting in the lobby for a vendor to join me for dinner a guest and his yappy dog came in the front door walking towards the elevator.As soon as the dog hit the (presumably very expensive) carpet it drug his face the whole way.Where as I would have hung the dog by his collar the bellhop and receptionist smiled accomodatingly.Lots of kids and pets in the 20 minutes or so I was there.The bar tender was more interested in talking with the attractive female staff though.Oh, the gift shop has very cool things and they aren't over priced (which shocked me).
4	After searching for weeks for a pretty nice hotel to stay at for my partner in crimes birthday trip I figured this would be the best place for him. I wanted him to experience Vegas in a less party atmosphere. This place is stunning with its gold and marble features as you walk in through the lobby. The staff was super cool and the girl at the front desk upgraded our room to a one bedroom suite. What a nice thing to do for my boyfriend's birthday celebration. Everyone was super nice at this hotel. We even hung out at the hotel bar one night and already tipsy ordered some very good and a bit pricey tequila BUT it was worth it. Location of hotel is great. It's walking distance to the strip and literally across the street from the mall! Great stay!
5	A real five star hotel that is friendly to your wallet. The studio suite, which is their standard room, is huge and luxurious.  There's a tv in the bathroom mirror which i thought was so cool.  Wireless internet is included in the $20 resort fee.   Walking distance to Wynn and Encore, and just across the street from the Fashion Show mall.  Free continuous shuttle to Wynn and to Caesars Palace in the strip. Oh and the lobby smells so good - flowery fresh.  Zero smoke which is a big plus.
2	Gorgeous and clean. Very decently priced.  BUT.. ..we stayed over Thanksgiving, and I guess the housekeeping staff thought they deserved a vacation from doing their job because it was a holiday. I called housekeeping at 1230 at night to ask for another duvet (because the rooms were freezing and the don't give you an extra blanket - WTF?).  I waited 45 minutes - no duvet. Called the front desk, and they told me it was 'on it's way'. The girl at the front desk literally said I didn't have the duvet yet 'because of the weather', and offered no further explanation. When I asked to speak to the manager, she assured me she would 'track one down' and promised to call me right back. She NEVER did. Another 45 minutes laters, someone knocked on our door and handed my husband a duvet (minus duvet cover) still in the plastic shrink wrap. Listen, I grew up on a farm in Iowa. My expectations really aren't that high. I just wanted a blanket. RIDICULOUS. Especially, when a 'manager' assures you she will call you back and never does. PS- Her name was Catherine, and she owes me an hour and a half of sleep.
4	A nonsmoking hotel, non-casino hotel, non-on the strip-hotel, and only valet parking hotel. Say what?! Trump Hotel definitely caters to an entirely different kind of group of people. It's basically just a hotel, so it's not rowdy with casino machines, kids screaming and slutty girls. Why would Trump want to ruin his image?...Hotel was great.  There's this random horse head structure inside the room, but everything else was well-designed and classy. The bathroom mirror was crazy! This little plasma TV is just embedded into the mirror! Who can beat that? The small kitchen had this cool microwave that had like a thousand features in it too. Like many other hotels, there's a divider separating the toilet area and the shower, but Trump has this one that was sort of see-through.The only thing bad is that there's a resort fee of $19.95 per night (pricey!). This includes two bottled waters, newspaper, gym, pool, shuttle & internet. Come to think of it, we never got the chance to take advantage of the fee, because after all, we are paying for it...and we never received any water OR the newspaper.I don't advise people staying at Trump if they don't like the fact that it's just a hotel, and that it's off the strip (you'll have to walk more and plan your traveling more).
3	there is a fabulous smell, you will see everyone remarks on it....and no smoke. nice rooms, but horrible, extremely cheap fold out bed. great bathroom, really nice towels. everyone remarks on the tv in the bathroom...nice but our sound didn't work. we even told our bell man before he left....and it didn't get fixed.decided to try the 3 course meal in the hotel, and stopped for a drink in the lobby before the restaurant opened. there were people at the bar, and in the lobby, but it was not busy. bar waiter had to be the worst waiter in the world. he came to help us pretty quick, but was clueless on what tequilas they had. i then told him what i wanted, my friend ordered vodka on the rocks, and after almot 10 minutes and no drinks, we gave up. he then greeted us in the restarant, where we told him to bring the drinks to our table. great restaurant waiter, but even he had no answer to why we didn't have drinks. he came back then said the bar is busy...we could see the bar, very quiet. drinks took close to 25 minutes. great meal in the restaurant.took the complimentary shuttle to the wynn. we got into an almost full shuttle (one seat left). the driver ran off saying he'd be right back. after an eternity, another person in the van got out and requested some help from the valets. a driver jumped in immediately and apologized for the driver..change of shifts....ok, but to leave a full van of people sitting for over 10 minutes.at then end of the night, we came to our room, and the fold out was not made up, as requested when we first checked in. it took 3 calls to get the bed made up....and then it was the worst mattress ever. i had just stayed at a place in chicago that had an infaltable matress in the fold out bed....that was a good bed. this was probably the cheapest fold out couch i have seen in a long time. if any of the drivers, house keeping staff, coctail waiter, or bartender were on his show, all i can say is fired! or maybe the lack of follow through comes from the top....
4	The place is great if you are looking to not be in a casino. The valet is great, the rooms are very comfortable and the location is fine. It would for sure be better if there were a coffee shop closer as the walk is about 1/2 mile. We ate at the hotel resturant and it was very good. I will for sure return. Thanks
4	Scheduled to stay here for a 48-hr sessions of meetings that were taking place in their Hudson conference room on the 64th floor. This hotel is very, very nice. Originally built to be residences at the peak of the real estate market, they were quickly turned into hotel rooms after the market crashed. The style of the decor reminded of a throwback 40's design, which I very much like. The staff was very attentive, the catering was outstanding and the room was very nice. I love the fact there is no casino in the hotel - it totally changes the vibe of Vegas. You can always walk to the Wynn if you want a casino and they run a very frequent shuttle service. The Fashion Show Mall is a short 9-iron away with great stores within. My one criticism about the hotel are the train tracks that run by the hotel. From the 58th floor I was awoken every couple of hours by a very loud train whistle - it was ridiculous. I have a south facing room with an awesome view of the strip, but that train really bummed me out.
4	My family stayed here on a Sat during July & we loved it! The interior was very plush & elegant! I have to mention the most amazing deal we received was on Priceline ( eventhough I hate Priceline now, because of a second booking we were screwed!!! Beware... Priceline has No Mercy!!! ) The staff was all so professional & helpful! I found out the hard way that they only Valet when a guy came racing after me as I tried to park my car myself... Somehow they missed me & I just followed the access to the garage!! A positive, if you have your own car, is that this resort  is away from the strip and had no casino. They do have a shuttle but you are at their mercy and the shuttle does not have late hours when we were there! We loved the pool area... No problem finding lounge chairs & pool was not too crowded for the extremely hot month of July! I didnt like that the pool was only about 4& 1/2 feet deep through out. The kids and I love to swim so this pool was a little boring! I also loved the free sample drinks some hostesses brought around . Overall this is a chic place I would visit again if I could find the excellent online deals!!
5	Delicious. Stayed there with the ladies this summer and very much enjoyed our stay. Much less ostentatious than Trump himself, and service is impeccable. We asked concierge to hand deliver our bill to us by hand while we spooned each other in bed (holla, Alejandro!). Pick up and drop off service by the house Escalade, little extras here and there from the bellmen, and the dish pickup homie provided endless entertainment (like your tie, Mike). Very satisfying.
5	I've always noticed the rates for this hotel are always fair to really good and thought there might be a catch, but the only catch I could think of were that it was behind the fashion show mall and it had no casino. I'm over the casino scene so that wasn't a big deal to me. It's what I imagine living in a New York high rise apartment would be like.I stayed here for the 1/2 marathon and my cousin was also staying here for a UFC event. I saw her room and pretty much it's what a studio apartment in New York might look like. Huge bed, huge closets, couch are, fridge and stove, jacuzzi tub, sexy shower, and absolutely gorgeous views. My room was similar to a one bed room apartment. I got upgraded to a suite and my jaw literally dropped when I walked in. Full kitchen, dining area, living room with L-shaped couch, one bathroom out front with shower and another bathroom inside the master bedroom which looked like Mariah Carrey's bathroom. The robes were to-die-for and the jacuzzi tub was heaven and the jets came in handy after the marathon. There are two shuttles that take you either to Caesar's Palace or the Wynn. The shuttles were nice and clean and the drivers were always courteous. The staff from the door men, to the front desk, to housekeeping were all very professional and courteous. This is definitely my new hotel of choice!
5	Great hotel, good location.  Krista checked us in and was very nice, even walked us to our elevator which is only a couple yards from the desk.  Shuttle drivers were nice, room service was nice, every time I stay here I'm treated like someone special.  Its nice to be special and not have to wear my helmet.  They even let us check out a 5pm no additional charge!  Never a line to check in, never a line for the elevators..It's quiet there and relaxing.
1	Overall physically a nice hotel, no casino so you don't get the strip riff raff passing through.  Rooms are nice sized and clean.  The shuttles to the Wynn and Ceasars ran as stated.MAJOR CON:  If your room is on the side of the hotel facing the 15 FWY, you are going to hear train horns ALL NIGHT LONG.  If you get a really really good price on a room, beware, you will be woken up 2-4 a night from the train horn.  There is a car crossing point that has gates that come down that apparently require the train to honk it's horn as it approaches.  Mr. Trump, your FIRED.  Next time we'll spend the extra $$$ and stay at the The Cosmopolitan.
1	You would think that a man like Donald Trump would understand the term location location location.  this is a loonngg walk to anywhere on the strip.  There is railroad right next to hotel and it is as bad as having a roaster crowing all night long and we were on the 30th floor. Our housekeeping was non-existent. When we returned to our room at 2am, it had not been touched.  No fresh towels, the bed was not made etc but we did have to show our room key to get to the elevators which we didn't have to do the night before  You would think they'd build that into the elevator instead of hiring what looked like a bouncer from the strip clubs from around the corner.  Add to this the 25 minute wait you have just drop car off at valet parking, it doesn't add up to it's supposed 5 star rating on the travel sites. Oh, the resort fee, $22 a day including tax, is a jjoke.  For this you get free "sloooowwww" valet parking, 2 bottles of water, the use of the pool (great for wintertime fun) and free local calls (so you don't have use your cell phone. Save some money and stay at a 4 star on the strip or downtown.
5	Great Rooms!
4	Great experience at this hotel.  The hotel is very tastefully decorated throughout from the rooms to the lobby.  It's very stylish with clean modern lines. I feel as though Trump just put his name on this hotel but had no real input...because there is nothing gawdy or tacky about it.  The rooms are very spacious and the bathroom is fantastic.  Large shower and huge tub. Loved the TV in the mirror feature.  The one detail that caught my attention right away was the wonderful aromas as you enter the lobby.  The soap and shampoo in your room is the same scent.  It's so lovely.  There is a shuttle that will take you to and from the Wynn and Caesars Palace that is really helpful.  Of course there is no casino but I honestly didn't miss it.  It's not on the strip but you're so close to the strip that it never posed a problem for us.  Also, everyone from the front desk to the valet were incredibly polite and nice and helpful.  I will definitely stay here again.
3	Kida disappointed wth the FIVE star hotel. I just recently stayed at Trump on 12/26~28/2010.. The place is clean. However, I lived on the 23rd floor,  I couldn't fall asleep because of the loud train horn and the police siren all night. The view of my roon is strip clubs and train track. The more ridiculous part is that there's a $19.95 extra charge per day for Ressort fee????;P Wha a hidden charge!
5	All the good things reviewed about this hotel are true. I might add I had a fabulous experience with the sales staff as they helped me plan a conference for business owners. They made me look brilliant at the end!In addition to comments about resort fee's, from what I understand most, if not all, hotels have resort fees, some just include them in their rate. And the 12% room tax, that goes to the city and allows us to keep visiting.
5	Rates for this hotel are very reasonable for the room that you get.  Service is excellent.  Nordstrom at the Fashion Show Mall is conveniently right across the street.  There is no smoking and no casino at this hotel.  I could not ask anything more from a hotel that is on the strip.  There is valet only though.  I always try to stay here whenever we are in town.Pros: kitchenette, microwave, safe, jetted tub, no casino, no smoking, 5 star hospitalityCons: valet is mandatory, further from busy side of strip
4	Summary: Trump in Vegas has its plusses and minuses.  Above average value overall for Vegas, but has a few issues preventing it from being a recommendable Vegas hotel.Update: I've been to more hotels in Vegas since this was written.  It doesn't deserve a 4, but it's closer to that than a 3.  3.5Pluses:  * Staff very good and friendly;  * I had the base room, and it's big.  All tile bathroom with a bathtub/hottub combo...nice!  Room, bed, sheets look and feel clean;  * Gym included in the "resort fee";  * internet access (wired and wireless) included in the "resort fee";  * Reasonable price per night by Vegas standards;Plus or minus, depending on the person:  * non-smoking hotel;  * No casino in the hotel;  * valet parking only;Minuses:  * A little off the strip (some might not view that as a minus).  About a 10-15 minute walk outside the Trump before you get to the Strip;  * Next to numerous lower-end strip-clubs (some might not view that as a minus, either :) );   * My T-Mobile service was very poor in my room.  I've never run into that as an issue in any other Vegas hotel;  * I was stunned to find out that room service would not charge my room for room service!  I ordered a meal and had to use my credit card instead of charging my room.  Not a biggie, but I've never run into that before, either;  * subjective, but the lobby gives a "tasteful by 1970s standards" vibe.  A little too much gold, ever-so slightly tacky.  Plain yet tries a bit too hard to look expensive (I know, sounds contradictory.  You'd have to see it).  This is just the lobby, though; the room itself is fine;  * mattress is...OK.  Not bad but I've been on better.  Sheets could use more fabric softener;   The place is fine, but for my money (or my employers) I've been in nicer in better locations on the Strip for less money, if you look around (FWIW, Planet Hollywood Westgate is usually a little cheaper and the rooms and hotel are a little better).However, if you want an entirely smoke-free hotel (the casino-hotels don't do that for obvious reasons) and/or want to be away from the casinos, this is your place.
5	Just visited LV for a conference with my boyfriend.  The conference was at the Wynn, but since they had increased their prices to $500+ a night for the conference, we went Trump.  The room was $119/night on Orbitz.  When we arrived, the front desk offered an upgrade to a 1 bedroom suite with a view of the Strip for $50 more a night.  We took the upgrade.  Honestly, I was expecting to walk into a gold plated tacky room, but it was very classy and pretty.  The whole hotel was quiet and laid back.  The room was big (I'd guess around 800-900 sf?) with a full kitchen, dining area, living room, bedroom, and 2 full bathrooms.  The bathroom had one of the new tv's that is built into the mirror....very cool!  The shower was huge with double showerheads.  It turned out nice to have the separate living area because my boyfriend ended up staying out late every night and I went to sleep and got up earlier.  I had a place to relax and watch tv while he slept in.  The staff was very friendly.  The hotel had a free shuttle that left about every 5 minutes for the Wynn so that saved us a bunch in taxi fees.  The lobby had gorgeous light fixtures and a chill bar/seating area.  We never waited more than 1 minute for an elevator.  The best thing, though, was that our flight was leaving at 5:45 and we really had nothing to do between checkout at 11am and our flight.  We asked for a late checkout expecting to get noon or MAYBE one o'clock.  To my surprise, they gave us a 4pm checkout without any extra fees!  Really great service!  This was an awesome value and definitely one of the best places to stay in the city, especially if you are looking for a place that is a little more relaxed (besides, it's still a 2 minute cab ride to all the craziness!).  We will definitely stay here again!  Thanks Trump!
4	I found the Trump Hotel in Vegas rather unusual but in a good way. Its the only large Hotel without a Casino and completely smoke free. Service was impeccable and I was there during CES 2011 which is a complete mad house for Vegas. I didn't venture to the pool bar area but will next time I stay there.
3	My stay at Trump was aight. That's not even a word, but it's fitting because Trump isn't even really a Las Vegas hotel.Granted, that's kind of what I wanted. I don't gamble (gasp!) so Trump appealed to me as a place where I could get away from the madness. The lobby is beautiful and I had a high floor room with a nice view of the mountains. Whatever, I paid $75 for the room so I wasn't expecting the Strip view. One weird thing was that I shared a foyer with another room: you accessed the door to the foyer with your key, then you accessed one of the two room doors again. I shared the foyer with a group of dudes getting their party on but luckily there wasn't too much noise. I didn't exactly feel unsafe but it was just an odd configuration.Parts of the room, like the mattress that was 8 inches too short for the bed, were totally half-assed. Yeah, I work in the industry so I probably notice cheap carpet or unfinished elements before other people but only the most cracked out of guests (or the person who signed off on the furniture order) would miss the Grand Canyon at the end of the bed.The empty lot next to the hotel is sketchy at times... As we were walking the 5 minutes from the Strip to the hotel at 10PM one night I remarked to my companion that this was the perfect place to get mugged. I was fine in the daytime but take a cab after dark.The night of my arrival I was starved after not eating for 12 hours so I ordered a $20 burger from room service. It was terrible and I would have been better off eating that squished granola bar in my carry-on bag.All staff was friendly - no attitudes here.Super fast WiFi - probably the fastest I've ever experienced in a hotel - but it better be fast since that was basically the only amenity that I used that was covered by the $20/night resort fee.All in all a decent stay as long as you know what you're getting into.
4	I stayed at Trump last Thanksgiving weekend and it was nice.  I usually try to stay at a hotel with a kitchen so that we can cook up something late at night when all the restaurants are closed.  I usually stay at the Signature MGM but a friend of mine recommended I try the Trump.  I have to admit, it was a nice suite with an excellent view of the strip.  I also liked the little TV they had inside of the bathroom mirror.The downfall was that the walk to the strip or casino was just too far of a walk from the hotel.  In warm weather, I guess it wouldn't be an issue but it was raining and freezing cold.  Even thought Wynn was just down the street, you know Las Vegas had long blocks and we suffered.  Hotel was 5 star but location was 3 at best.  I'm going to try Vdera next time I go.
3	Housekeeping department needs attention. I did not get my coffee today!
4	I love this hotel because the place is spacious and it gives an elegant vibe. The smell isnt like any typical hotel with smoke and old people gambling. This place is bright and luxurious and clean. The store had incredible Trump clothing and expensive wines. I liked how it was simple and not to confusing to pass through.
5	The result of a $100 priceline gamble. Called in for a free upgrade to a suite and a late check out at 4 PM!!!! Is that even a real check out time?The rooms were beautiful, with a great view of Las Vegas. The beds and couches were comfortable and the hotel service was top notch. The bathroom had a TV embedded into the mirror. Two facet showers, tubs, flat screens in every room. 2 complimentary bottles of water and free wifi.Bar downstairs turned out weak drinks. Crystal and gold plated everything in the hotel lobby. Shuttles to Ceasar's palace and the Wynn. Slow valet.Their pizza via room service was delicious, though we were all starving.For the bang for your buck, this place is legit. The average cab cost to PH/City Center is $12-14.Would definitely stay here again.
5	Glitz done rightBeautiful hotel, plush rooms, and amazing service.
5	I definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is traveling with a family. I went to Vegas for my annual girls trip, but this year was different since I had to bring my man and my 3 month old! The trump appealed to us because it is a non-smoking property, so we didn't have to worry about the baby being exposed to anything. We got into the city a little earlier than expected so I called in and they said I could come in anytime I was ready. Our room was amazing. I loved the shower, the amazing tub, and the TV in the bathroom mirror. My body just melted into the bed, and I loved the robes! Having the kitchen was nice so we could cool our drinks and heat up bottles for our little man. When we needed wine glasses and a bottle opener, they were at our door in no time, and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The next day we asked for a late checkout and they let us pick what time we wanted to leave! Crazy!The only downside was our noisy neighbors who decided to have a little hotel party before going out. I don't know why these mid 30's idiots couldn't go to the strip and act like morons there instead of making noise in their rooms till 2 in the morning. But it's not the hotel's fault for dumb guests!Anyways, I really enjoyed my stay! I will definitely return Mr. Trump!
5	CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN. This hotel is spotless. I am THE PICKIEST when it comes to a hotel room being clean. I have walked out of SO many hotels (money back or not) and found somewhere else to stay that is cleaner. Room service was great, very quick. Fantastic location if you want to be near the strip, but not completely in the chaos of it. You can walk to just about anywhere on the strip, or take their courtesy shuttle that goes about half way down the strip. Nordstroms is literally RIGHT across the street, big plus. It is a breath of fresh air to be able to come back to this glitzy, beautiful, NON SMOKING/NO CASINO after you've been out all night (or all day). If you are staying in Vegas for the first time, let them know and they may bump you up to a strip view - that's what they did for us.
4	The Trump is a great alternative to staying in a Las Vegas casino. It is a non-smoking hotel; no gambling what-so-ever! Originally built to be condos, each room has a full cooking area complete with dishes. The bathroom has a flat panel tv built into the mirror (!) and a jacuzzi bathtub. The bed was heavenly comfortable. Their gym has quality equipment. The city view isn't great. It is slightly off the strip, behind Fashion Show Mall.  The only reason it is getting 4 stars instead of 5 is because they have mandatory valet parking. I prefer self parking and that wasn't an option.
5	This hotel is a perfect retreat for anyone looking for a non-smoking and non-casino hotel.  I booked it for my husband and I during our stay for the Rugby 7s tournament this past weekend.The hotel is located just off the strip close to the Wynn, and offers a complimentary shuttle to the Wynn as well as the Forum shops at Caesar's Palace.  Taxis are of course in plentiful supply.The rooms are beautiful with comfortable beds, amazing spa bath tubs built for two (but don't forget to bring your own bubbles or salts), and great views of either the strip or the mountains in the background.The service is excellent, but be sure to dress to impress to get the best experience.  We received two completely different responses when we asked for help with a car.  The first time, we were dressed in jeans and jerseys from the rugby match and told that it was a VIP service only.  The second time, we asked the same person, the same question, just 45 minutes later than the first but this time we were dressed in a nice dress for me and a suit for my husband and told it would be just a moment.  Alas, my lesson is that if you want great service you need to look like you deserve it - for better or worse.My one nit, which I'm not sure it would be different at other hotels, is that there are rail tracks that go right by the hotel and a freight train that was very loud at 5 am both nights that we stayed there. Also, don't be surprised by the $19.95 resort fee per room per night.  It's stated most places that you purchase the room, but it still surprises people.  It covers access to the fitness center, free wifi, etc.  Parking is add'l (probably best to not have a car anyway).
4	The rooms were nice with an empty fridge (SubZero!) to put whatever you want in with no overpriced mini bar, a Wolf two burner range, free wifi  & coffee maker with good coffee to boot all included in the price. This is a non-casino and no smoking establishment and I love them for that. It was a quick walk down to the strip. The bar is small but great service.
1	If I could give this place ZERO stars, I would! Nobody warns you that there are trains which begin sounding their horns at the crack of 5am everyday! After finally falling back asleep, we were woke up again at roughly 7am, this time by the fire alarms. They continued for a while and then were followed by the most obnoxious in-room announcement which was made over a loud speaker telling everyone there was NO alarm. After our long day at a tradeshow, we went to the room to attempt a nap. But the trains again were sounding their horns! The next morning, we hoped to get some more sleep thinking that the alarm issue was resolved. WRONG! They starting going off again and they made another announcement over the speaker advising it was a Test. So BOTH mornings we were awoken in the worst possible way and only received but a generic apology. The cell service SUCKED at best, It was almost impossible to catch a signal anywhere in our room! The TV was a flat screen but it continuously glitched out, froze, and even turned itself off! Although this is a non-smoking property, our floor wreaked like animal urine, GROSS! I will NEVER stay here or any other Trump establishment again!
4	Almost all hotels in Vegas are the same - dim, loud, smoky, casino floors with people yelling, but the Trump Hotel is quite different. The minute I stepped into the Trump Hotel, I was quite shocked. It's elegant and classy. There's no casino and it's bright with lots of glass and gold. It had a clean scent - no trace of cigarette smoke - and a friendly environment.This hotel is definitely a place for people who want to come to vegas and enjoy a weekend, but don't want to be suffocated with the bad air and company. It's so classy, it makes me forget that I'm even in vegas. The rooms are nice and spacious. Each room is equipped with a kitchenette with a fridge/freezer, stove, microwave, sink and dish washer, as well as dishes and glassware for your convenience. For an additional $50 a night, my party was upgraded to a bigger suite in which the bedroom was separated from the living room and there were 2 full (shower, sink, toilet) bathrooms (a master bath and one in the living room area). The perks? Free bottles of water in the lobby - just ask! And a shuttle that runs to Caesar's Palace every half hr and one to Wynn continuously until midnight. The downsides:- valet parking only (it's free for guests, but you have to tip and it takes awhile to get your car)- not much around - there's the restaurant and bar by the lobby, and a little giftshop, but there isn't really much else. You can walk across the street to the Fashion Mall though. Overall, a nice place to stay, but not the party hotel for college kids. This is, however, a great place for a more quiet vegas weekend for a couple looking for a romantic getaway or a family with kids.
3	We recently returned from a 4 day trip to Vegas for a combo business trip (for a trade show) and a bit of recreation exploring Red Rocks outside of the city. We initially choose Trump from the great rate we got through our show's travel agency. There were many things we LOVED about the Trump. #1, it's a non-casino hotel which was very welcome after a long day of being inside the other hotels for the trade shows. No cigarette smoke or continual beeping of the slot machines. The smaller footprint of the property is another big perk. You can actually get from your room to the bar, pool, fitness facility or entrance in a few short minutes compared with over 15 minutes in other hotels. We also had great interactions with all employees of the hotel, from the front desk staff, the concierge, the valets, the server in the bar area and the assistant manager. They were are genuinely friendly and interested in what we needed assistance with.What was not so great about the Trump was the mysteriously horrible housekeeping of our room. And I can't imagine it was just our room that was having virtually no housekeeping done during our stay. We were just one room of many within the hotel, our guess is that the housekeeping staff were either short staffed or lacked supervision to basic duties in each room. When we checked in we had 3 obvious lightbulbs burned out - and one seemed to have exploded with broken glass from the bulb on the counter underneath it and an electrical filament buzzing: 1 of only 2 lamps on the mirror in the bathroom. Hard to overlook. We also had only 2 hangers and our TV remotes didn't worked. When we went to hang the robe on the back of the door the hook fell off onto the floor. Ha! All not biggies, but combined it did require a call to housekeeping to get more hangers, new remote and lightbulbs replaced. Then on day #2 we returned to the room to discover that our room was only half cleaned. One of the three garbage cans were emptied, Our dirty dished in the kitchen were taken away, but not replaced and nothing was done in the bathroom at all - dirty glasses were still on sink, towels on floor, garbage can full. Again - we called housekeeping to get some glasses to use for the evening & morning.Day #3 brought absolutely no housekeeping at all. We returned to the room at 3pm and the room hadn't been cleaned. We were trying to grab a quick catnap, but if housekeeping was coming by, we thought we'd wait. We called housekeeping, they apologized and said they'd be right up immediately. We took a book to the pool and 2 hours later returned to the room. Still no housekeeping. We needed towels, glasses, etc. Went down to the concierge, who called the manager on duty. He profusely apologized and gave us a bar credit. We only had a single night remaining, so that was the end of that. But all in all, for a hotel like the Trump to not be able to make up a room with basic necessities just seemed strange.Without this experience we would have given this hotel 5 stars as the staff we interacted with were excellent and we liked the layout of the hotel. We've frequently stayed at much lesser level hotels, and housekeeping always seems to be able to empty garbage cans, replace towels and bring in new water glasses. This was the Trump. Very wierd, we did laugh as in the scheme of things it wasn't a biggie but unsure if we would return.
5	Trump is one of my favorite hotels to stay at in LV (along with the Cosmopolitan and Encore). I recently stayed here for an extended trip and the Trump Hotel served as my "home away from home" for quite some time. I stayed in a one-bedroom corner suite with a strip view on the 44th floor and it's definitely better than the standard suites and one-bedroom suites because it's more spacious and it has a magnificent view of the strip. Just a note, make sure to request a room that is closer to the Encore hotel, if you are staying on the other side near Industrial Road you will be hearing the extremely loud train horns throughout the night! Overall I was very satisfied with my stay here, except for the 19.99 resort fee (per day) that definitely adds up when you calculate that into your daily rate. One of the major pluses is that they allow small dogs here. I brought my dog Harvey along and he was treated like royalty! They do charge a $200 pet fee per stay but they waived $100 off without my asking. That's cheaper than most hotels charge for pets and in my opinion is very reasonable. The charge also includes a memory foam pet bed and a fancy water and food dish set that your furry friend gets to take home. They also have a designated area right outside the hotel for bathroom breaks for the furry ones. As for the room itself, it was very spacious and clean. There's a separate entrance for each room away from the hallway, making this one of the quietest hotel rooms I've ever stayed in. My corner suite room included a living room and separate bedroom. It also comes with a full kitchen with all the goodies: stove, refrigerator, sink, microwave, dishwasher, etc. There are two bathrooms, which both have showers. All the rooms have one king size bed only so if you have extra people staying in the room they'll have to sleep on the sofabed in the living room, which didn't look too comfortable. My favorite though had to be the bathroom! It was HUGE!!! It was probably equal to the size of the bedroom and had a separate area for the toilet and the shower and everything was mainly marble. There is also a large jacuzzi with a large window overlooking the strip. I loved the tv in the mirror!! It was so fun getting ready and watching tv at the same time.The staff here was amazing. I've read many complaints about housekeeping but I had no such problems, in fact my experience was just the opposite. Our housekeeper came by everyday, even when we didn't light the housekeeping green light to see if we needed our room cleaned. She was so sweet and very diligent and always made our room spotless. Along with her, the other employee that really stood out to me was Lamont. He's the doorman out front and was always so helpful and every time I ran into him he would strike up a conversation with me and always remembered our names! More hotels need to hire great staff like that! Parking is valet only. It's also right across from the Fashion Show Mall and a very short 5-minute walk to the strip. I will definitely stay here again, especially if Harvey comes along again.
2	My husband and I normally stay at Encore or Wynn when we are in Vegas.  However, we came to Vegas for a trade show, and didn't want to spend our company's money on anything too expensive.  My husband and I just had our wedding at the Trump National Golf Course in Palos Verdes last year, which was beautiful-so we expected the something similar to the golf course-great service, cleanliness, and great ambiance.  BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!  The first night we got back to our room from the trade show, we ordered room service because we were too tired to go out and eat.  Eck!  The spaghetti and bolognese was the blandest pasta we have ever tried.  There literally was no taste of salt or the tomato sauce in the pasta.  Even when you add a bit of salt, it still tasted extremely bland.  Secondly, I had ordered cranberry juice.  Be aware-this isn't your normal cranberry cocktail that you get at bars or anywhere else.  This is actually a thick squeezed cranberry juice.  What I was expecting when I put that drink in my mouth was some sort of sweet juice, but got a sour thick concoction instead.  Gross!Ok-so nighttime falls, and my husband and I are getting ready to go to bed.  We start placing some of the pillows on the lower end of our bed.  We then realize there are scuff marks on 2 of our pillows-almost like someone stepped on our pillows.  Disgusting.  Good thing, they gave you 4 pillows so that we at least got to get one pillow each.  So, we started to try to go to sleep.  While I was trying to get some sleep, I kept hearing the noise of the streets of Vegas and trains.  I woke my husband up at midnight because I wanted him to see if there was some sort of window that was opened.  Well, on the window sill, they have some sort of sliding thing where you could open it slightly for air.  HOWEVER, in our room, it was broken so that we couldn't close it.  So, because my husband was tired and didn't want to go through the trouble of changing rooms in the middle of the night, he got towels, and covered up the holes where there was air and noise coming in.The next day, we head out to our trade show, and when it ended, we came back to the room to rest a bit.  Even though our housekeeper did come into the room, I noticed that she didn't really tidy up any of my toiletries in the restroom.  Usually when I stay at Wynn or Encore, my toiletries are all lined up in a neat order when we get back to the room.  Overall, my husband and I would never come back to Trump ever again!  We now know we would rather fork out the extra $50 to $100 ourselves to stay at Wynn or Encore than to stay at Trump.
5	AZ Road Trip Stop #4A Taste of what Luxury Condo Living is like.Beautiful Hotel that excels in personal service.No smoking No Gaming gave the Trump the perfect vibe to break away from the hot mess that Vegas is made up of...starting with the Doormen welcoming you...Good Evening Sir as the door opens without breaking stride...and Good Eveining Miss Calee as she headed for the grassy area to take her pee.$200 non refundable pet deposit but you catch the 'its only money attitude' without effort because it's got IT.Booked a winter promo rate.
5	we got a 1 bed room corner suite on an upper floor for 150 a night.We are the type of couple that loves to go "out" to be entertained.. not really that likes to have the entertainment at the house.. We loved the room and the hotel. the Valet.. was a little slow at times. which is something i really think they need to staff better for since they only do 100 percent valet.. (no self parking). but the room and the staff were great. Our room would have easily costs us 2k a night at the belligio.. with the only real benefit being the location. When we wanted to spend time on the strip we drove to the place we needed to go. or for exploring the whole strip we would park at a hotel midway... you could walk.. but we are way to lazy for that.. trump does offer shuttles to ceasars every hour as well.. awesome value great hotel..oh yeah. i was a little disappointed that there werent robes... but that was it really.
5	Absolutely gorgeous.My friend got a deal off of travelzoo for only 133.00 a night. On a Saturday night. WHAT?! No way.  And needless to say, on Valentine's Day weekend??? Yep, twas true.Trump, you do your hotel well. It was so spacious walking in, as I pulled that 'T" on the door (and tried to envision what it would look like with a "N", and went up to our room.Walked in and was blown away. Super spacious, complete with a small sofa, and new stove, refrigerator, microwave, the works. The view from our room was great as well.And the BATHROOM. The tv screen was actually flat pressed with the mirror...being inside the mirror. Oh my. It was quite pretty...and so cheap! Trump needs to open some type of venue in his hotel... it would be the new place to be in Vegas. Five stars, gorgeous hotel.
4	5 stars for the room and facilities1 star for the valet servicePrice is moderate for Vegas standardsThe Trump is what Bellagio tried to be, but couldn't.  See, the Bellagio is there to make itself look good.  Trump is there to make you feel good.We got a deal on Trump over Priceline, for a Saturday night during NASCAR weekend, about an hour before we took off from Camarillo Airport for McCarran Int'l.  For $169,  I wasn't expecting much.  BTW, If you're a fly-in pilot, don't be intimidated by McCarran.  Its controllers are very helpful and Signature Air Support was as nice to me in my Cherokee, as they were to the Citation pilots.Approaching the hotel from the "back", we drove to the Valet area.  We didn't see any self-parking and it turns out there isn't any.  We left our car with the friendly valet. One of the first things we noticed on entering the lobby, was openness and no signs.   And it was quiet.  No DING-DING-DING CLANG-CLANG-CLANG.  No slots, and no smoke.  I almost forgot I was in Vegas.... except for the women in sequined mini-dresses and men in blond wigs wearing pink skirts.  There was something that resembled a check-in desk, so we headed for that.  The pleasant agent gave us our choice of rooms from what was available, asked if we'd like to upgrade, and if we needed any other assistance.  Wow, that was way different from most indifferent receptions at the casino hotels.There are two elevator banks, one for the bottom half of the tower, the other for the top half.  The elevators were fast and clean, transporting us to our floor with ear-popping speed.When we approached our room, we were a bit confused.  One door for two rooms... Oh!  No wonder the room was so cheap.  We're sharing it!  Just kidding.  We opened the door to find a marble vestibule and two doors behind it.  We inserted our card key into our door and it clicked without having to swipe it a zillion times.We entered the room and... wow.  Big, light, bright, modern, quiet and tasteful.  An empty (yay!) Sub Zero refrigerator was under the granite counter. Above was a cook-top, prep-sink, microwave, coffee maker, and toaster.   The bathroom had two obscured glass enclosures -- one for the walk-in shower, the other for the toilet.  At  the lower center of the bathroom mirror an un-silvered square housed a TV behind it.  On the counter sat a remote.  Unfortunately we couldn't get the TV's sound to work.  Oh well.  We weren't there to watch TV.  To the right of the counter was a jetted tub, large enough for two.  With the exception of the mirror TV, everything worked.We immediately hooked up with the WiFi.  For guests it is free.  We got a full signal and fast response.Initially, we were in the room just long enough to change and go back out to dinner, which we needed to drive to.   We correctly identified the valet desk (no sign), handed them our ticket and waited about 20 minutes for our car.  By that time we were a little grumpy but shrugged it off.After dinner we dropped off our car and went on up to our room to relax.  The bed was comfortable -- my only complaint is the flat sheets both top and bottom.  They tuck-in the top sheet under the bottom sheet so when you pull the top sheet out to get in, it pulls the bottom sheet out from under the mattress.  I had to make the bed again which is a little tough since the mattress is down in a platform.  A small frustration -- I wish they'd use fitted sheets or an elastic fastener.The next morning we went downstairs for breakfast at DJT Restaurant.  The buffet was $20 and was pretty OK.  The coffee (Starbucks on tap) was good, and the bacon was lean and well smoked.  There was a chef making omelettes; they looked and smelled good.  I had lox and bagelsAfter breakfast we decided to check out the pool / spa.  The pool was OK; decent size, nothing fancy.  The weight-room was well appointed.  We asked for a menu of spa services.  OMG. An hour massage starts at $150.  No thanks.We checked-out over the TV in our room and left without a hitch.... except for getting our car.  This time, we waited for 40 minutes.  When we saw another couple come out, give their ticket at the stand, then receive their car 10 minutes later, we asked what the F was going on.  Whoops, maybe your request didn't get in our system.  Are you kidding me?  About 10 minutes later, our car appeared.  Grrr!Even with the valet annoyance, we'll be back... but we'll self-park at the Nordstrom's parking structure across the street.
4	I had a fantastic time at the Trump Hotel with my Girlfriend Lily. We started by having breakfast with my family, going to F21 (the largest one ever), throwing on our new dresses, buying nail polish at the spa, hanging out by the pool, then making lasagna in my room.I enjoyed staying at the Trump. The room is beautiful and located across from the giant Fashion Show Mall, all valet hotel, the service was a little slow. I think they were a bit understaffed, with that said, the staff was always friendly. We had an issue with the movie channels and engineering came up and fixed it right away. Housekeeping was also on hand with I was cooking the lasagnas. We did have to call them three times to come up, again, I think that is a staffing issue.Tip: Since this is an all valet hotel call valet prior to going downstairs so that they can bring your car up. Also, strip facing views are amazing... we stayed in Penthouse 6000. It is not a casino so keep that in mind if you plan on booking and I didn't think the restaurant there was that great either. So, I guess what I am saying is I loved the view, the location, and the gorgeous room with full kitchen for my lasagna making...pictures on my blog
3	So difficult and kind of unfair to have to review every aspect of this hotel in one shot.Service : 3 starsValet: 5 starsOverall: don't stay here if you want to experience Vegas as a twenty-something. I have stayed at a lot of hotels on the strip and figured that the Trump would still be pretty convenient...I was kind of wrong. just a little bit. The hotel itself is beautiful--the lobby is clean and doesn't stink of smoke. I even had a glass of wine at the bar down there---but they stop serving at midnight?!?!?! WHO does that in vegas...it's bizarre. The rooms were clean and had good views, but my friend and I had adjoining rooms and would loved to have had doorstops to keep our doors open so we could talk to eachother. What's also weird was that compared to the Aria, where our friends were staying, we had like NO toiletries. Come on....At one point, my tv wouldn't work and at a different point, hers didn't. All in all, it's a good thing we barely spent any time in the actual room. I will say though one great impression I had about the hotel was that the valet guys were amazing and so helpful. They offered to drive us places, and made sure that we always had a ride. The shuttle to the Wynn and Caesars was always available and pretty convenient. Sure, I might suggest my parents who don't drink or gamble come stay at the Trump, but i know my girls and I will not be heading back here on our bi-annual Vegas trips.
3	Stayed here recently or a Bachelor weekend. Nice hotel in general with all the standard amenities: Cafe downstairs, cab service, gift shops, gym, spa and pool, plus free shuttles to the Wynn and other locations nearby! Room service was prompt, valets could have used a little more work, but the front desk was very nice.Clean and hospitable place, big plus for having Sub Zero fridges! Our view was directly over the strip so it was a highlight at night!The price was not too bad once you consider a single room is enough to fit 4 people. The gym was decent, mostly cardio/elliptical  stuff (bring you iPod b/c they have direct link-ups for them), weighted machines, light free weights (nothing heavy than 50 lbs). Plus for having ice chilled towels and ice water on tap w/ lime or lemons. Two hot tubs and plenty of basking area, only bad side was the weather didn't permit much during the visit.One major thing was a downside is that reception for anyone with AT&T is outta luck when in the hotel. The entire building is gold mirrored on the outside so you literally wont get any signal unless your outside or right next to the window if your lucky (Trust me I had to do me some searching).
4	Stayed here one night and loved the view, hospatility and the convenience to the Wynn and Encore as well as the shopping mall across the street. The hotel has a lot of amenities to offer but beware, you will be charged 19.95 for it, so use it....Great view of the strip depending where you are in the hotel. The Trump sits alone but they do have a shuttle that takes you to the Wynn and Encore which you can then catch the public bus transportation all over the strip or the metro rail...All in all, great stay!
5	I spend a lot of time in Vegas and I've stayed at every major resort hotel at least twice, but my personal favorite is the Trump International Hotel!I have a total Love/Hate relationship with Las Vegas.  I love the scene, the restaurants, the shopping and the food, but I HATE the cigarette smoke!  The Trump is a non-smoking hotel with no casino (I love that).  The rooms are spacious, clean and well laid out.  The service is excellent and the staff is extremely helpful and hospitable.Through my business, I've never had to pay for a room here out of pocket, but through consolidator sites such as Expedia, Hotwire, & Hotels.com, you can get really great deals in the $100 range depending on your travel dates!  For that price, there is no reason that you shouldn't indulge in affordable luxury!
5	My most favorite place to stay in Vegas!  You'll feel like ya ballin'!!!! But don't get frightened by the name Trump, our room was $90 a night. Exceptional service upon arrival.. bell hops will learn your name within a day of your stay, and always greet you "Welcome home Ms. _____". I love anything that makes me feel like I have my own staff. We got upgraded to a one-bedroom suite which included fully stocked kitchen & 2 bathrooms.  The huge Jacuzzi tub was amazing, and I honestly thought about never leaving the bed because it was so comfortable.  I got my hair and makeup did at the on site salon-- turned out fabulous!  This hotel IS my vacation.  The rest of Vegas is just a bonus.
5	This is an excellent luxury hotel and I recommend it for business travelers or anyone who would rather not be at a mega resort that has multiple restaurants, bars, and a casino. Not to mention it is non-smoking as well. The rooms are nothing less than fantastic.  The staff at this hotel is great as well with excellent service and attitude.  The room (Included a very nice Jacuzzi tub), pool, lobby, gym, ect are all top notch here.  There is a large mall just across the street and all other strip hotels are near which was nice too.  Keep in mind that this review is only for the hotel.  The restaurant has very high prices for the quality of food you get.  Eat elsewhere and you won't be disappointed.  Besides that, this is an excellent hotel and the per night costs are very well priced.
5	Extremely satisfied.  This hotel is truly unique for Las Vegas.  Not because it doesn't have a casino, not because it doesn't have any nightclubs or cool lounges.  What makes this hotel unique is the service with a smile attitude that EVERY staff member we spoke with has.  The staff at this place are totally professional and very friendly.  Free bottles of water, free shuttle service and a beautiful pool where you can actually find a pool chair also make this place special.  It also doesn't feel like thousands of people are staying there.  It has a very intimate feel.  The location is pretty cool even if it's not on the strip.  It's across the street from the mall and only minutes from the Wynn.  The rooms are also in another class.  They are spotless, big, and have cool features that make it feel nice.  We'll definitely be going back to this place as long as the price stays reasonable.
5	The best service standards ever encountered. I stayed @ Trump for only 2 days and wish it were for longer. Upon check-in, I was served by Victor at the front desk. I was concerened because I paid through a third party provider, but all was in order. Victor went through all the Hotels perks ie. Free bottled water, free wireless internet, free use of the gym, etc. As he explained that a free Las vegas local paper was included, I guess that I casually mentioned that I prefer USA Today. Not really meaning anything about it at the time. Wouldn't you know it, on my front door were two papers the local Vegas paper and a copy of USA Today!  WOW! That blew my mind, how thoughtfull that little act was. I am hooked for life. In addition he upgraded me to a suite also w/o any prodding. OMG!   Also Louie, who ran the shuttle service from Trump over to Wynn and Ceasers Palace made an impression on me. ALL the staff were professional and accomadating.     The room itself #4505 had a view of the strip and full of great features ie. Sub-Zero fridge, Bosch microwave, in mirror TV in bathroom, Jucuzzi soaking tub, 42" plasma interactive TV and a 4 PM check out time......who does that these days. Also. I arrived early at 11AM on my check-in and was in my room by 11:15AM never had to wait for  a room to open up.   The pool was a good size and never had an issue getting a lounge chair. Also they were made of wicker and didn't heat up as other metal, plastic chair materials do. They also offer free a sofa type half circle lounge, very comfotable. They give you great large towels along with iced down bottled water, all free. Great pool side bar service was evident as well.   The hotel never seemed crowded as the upper floors had its own elevator to speed things along. Interesting enough they do except dogs to stay as well. The valet knew my name after the first visit as there is no self parking allowed. I think the longest it took to get my car was about 6 minutes from valet.  All in all a fantastic experience and will definetly return. Keep up the good work guys!
5	Got this deal through hotwire for like..$305 for Friday and Saturday night. Great deal considering that the Trump is a 5 star resort complete with kitchen amenities, a huge CA King size bed, pull out sleeper sofa, and marble bathtub and shower.They don't have a casino in the hotel, but hey its less of a walk from the front door to the guest elevators. No more running around the hotel following confusing signs for where the elevators are.Another good thing is that they only have valet (which is complimentary, but please tip because the valet guys are really really nice), and so you dont have to worry about parking and lugging your suitcase all around.All the staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and I would definitely consider staying here.Oh yeah, they have a free shuttle to the Wynn every day! I think its like..9am-3am everyday. Yeah even though Trump isn't on the strip, its literally right off of it. Behind Treasure Island.Bottom line, loved the hotel. Will definitely consider staying again!
2	I  was disappointed about my stay here at Trump International Hotel.  I'm surprised that there's a 4 star rating out of 5 here on Yelp.  My rating here is solely based on the quality of the room and hotel.  I pricelined this hotel under the category  "5 star hotels and resorts" and got a great deal.  When I arrived via Taxi (which was about $26 from the airport) there were not enough valets to help with my bags.  The lady who checked me in though was very nice and explained the resort fee to me (wifi, unlimited water, etc is included in the resort fee so the "free wifi" description is deceiving).  Now for the hotel itself... on the way to the elevators there's a vestibule in front of the gift shop.  On the wall opposite the gift shop was a mirror that had water spots or something all over like it needed a polish or something..  my first impression.. what's going on?  In the hallways to the rooms (I had a friend staying on the 26th floor) there was stuff like crumbs/ trash all over the carpet and this stayed there all day.  In fact some of the carpet was "stretched" creating rolls on the floor which can be dangerous because someone can trip and fall on these "rolls".On to the room... I stayed in room 2312. When I walked in the room I noticed that it is similar to the MGM signature and various other hotels on the strip with a little kitchenette.  After I started to look around, I noticed that the shelf under the tv was split. In the bathroom the frame of the large mirror right above the sinks were filled with old toothpaste spatter and some other random things in the crevices which made it kinda gross to stare at while washing my face and brushing my teeth.  What was ultra weird was when I went to take a shower there was a crumbled ALMOND.. yes, the almond nut that you eat, at the edge of the shower floor right below the door.  I left the almond there to see if housekeeping would clean it the next day.. but nope... the almond was still there the next time I took a shower.  The hot water the first night took about 15 minutes to get warm. The shower handle was loose so if you pulled a little bit,  the handle would disengaged from the gears and you couldn't turn on the water.  For the two nights I stayed there I never once had even ONE bathroom floor mat.. while my friend had two in his room.  When I got into bed that first night and moved the decorative pillow I noticed on the back side had a huge hole near the bottom of the european pillow case. Also, the first night some idiot rang my doorbell for 15 mins at 1 am.  Because of the two door system, I was afraid to go outside the door of my room into the tiny vestibule to look out the peephole to see who was the a-hole, because I knew that they would hear me come out of that room and might create a scene if I didn't open the outer door.  I guess I could have called the front desk and had them send someone up to see what was going on but at this point I really didn't want to move out of my bed.  The only redeeming thing about this place was getting a discount on priceline.. however, I hope since theTrump staff knew I was a patron who got a room via a third party payer that was NOT the reason I was in such a crappy room with crappy housekeeping.  Unfortunately, I have no plans to stay here ever again.  To me and now to my friends, this place will be affectionately known as the Trump Dump.
4	Loved, loved that this is a non-smoking hotel!  It smelled so clean and decorated nicely! The staff was very helpful. Rooms were clean with a kitchen stocked with pans, silverware, etc. There is a big lap pool and a hot tubs. Great location=walk right across to the mall! :)Would of gotten 5 stars, but there is only 1 restaurant.
5	Wow!  This is by far the best hotel I have ever stayed at in my life!  This was my second time in Vegas (my first time sucked!) and part of that was the hotel.  WE came to Vegas to see The Strokes play at the Cosmoplitan.  We got to The Trump around 11pm.  The Valet was great, we checked in, they offered us an upgrade but I said naa we'll be ok.  I booked the room on bookit.com and got a really good deal for 2 nights in a suite.  Everything is beautiful yet simple, I loved it!  When we got to our room I was blown away!  And the bathroom omg to die for........ The bathtub....ooh i fell in love with it.  Everything was just perfect, comfortable beautiful view, the bed amazing, the robes amazing, the bathroom amazing.  I would totally stay here again.  Now imagine if I would have upgraded??? Probably would of fainted with delight!
5	This is a really nice place to stay if you want to be close to the strip but away from all the noise of the casinos. The quality of the room is really up there. The room I had was spotless. Clean sheets, surfaces, towels, everything.  They are also very hospitable. I had a broken ironing board and they came up with one in 10 minutes.The food is not bad but i only had a salad with roasted chicken. The chicken was very well seasoned. Not just plain salt and pepper. Salad was dressed just right and not drenched or too dry.I wouldn't mind staying here again.
5	I will give it 5 stars.... after all... it IS a 5 star hotel.... When my Wife and I walked into the Lobby for the first time, I stopped, and told my wife... "Listen....." and she said "What?... I don't hear anything..." and I said "EXACTLY".... This Hotel is a Non-Gambling Hotel.... so, you don't hear all the Bing's and bongs of all those one-armed-bandits. Not to mention, the AIR in the Lobby of the Hotel is fragrant, very Pleasant to say the least. The whole experience we had there was WONDERFUL to say the least. From the Garden Tub in the HUGE bathroom, with the TV monitor in the Bathroom Mirror (and remote control) to the Very comfy bed we had the pleasure to sleep in. Whenever we are in a strange city, we are always thinking how nice it will be to get back home to our own comfortable bed.... This place was the exception. The staff was very nice and help full, and all the amenities were outstanding. We were on the 64th floor (if I remember right) and had a great view. What was even better was, I booked the room on Priceline for a great Price, also. There were added costs, however, but that is to be expected. (valet parking ONLY).
4	I ended up booking here after reading the positive reviews here on Yelp. I was very happy that I did my research as well as with my stay here. My upgraded strip view room was clean and neat. Pros- Professional, polite, friendly staff- Clean, spacious room. Plenty of room to spread out.- Shuttle service to Wynn and Ceasars Palace- Pool and hot tubs were not crowed, no deep end however- The reception desk isn't on a smoky casino floorCons- The on-site restaurant was a bit pricey, breakfast was about $50 for 2 - Other than the Fashion Mall, everything is a little bit of a walk- That damn train that goes by at 5am!I would stay here again in a heartbeat!
1	Stayed here last year and was not very impressed. The rooms were very nice, but the location is terrible. You are deceivingly farther off the strip than you think. The pool closes very early and was nothing to brag about compared to its competition.
5	Through Expedia our checkout was not until 4pm.Stayed on the 49th floor (pretty good view of the strip). The suite was definitely nice, the first thing we checked in and got into our room. I got so excited, I had to call my mom and tell her how beautiful our room was. Enjoyed our little kitchenette (mini fridge) we loved our big 'ol jacuzzi bath tube.  Pros: -friendly staff-room service (food were good portion)-TV in the bathroom -Shuttle to Wynn (every 15min)  and Caesars Palace (every hour)Wished they serve complimentary breakfast. Considered they didn't have a casino downstairs  Will definitely stay here again. its away from the strip so its much more quite and its only a few minute walk to the mall..its right across the street from Nordstrom
2	My friends and I stayed at the Trump International Hotel from 4/29/11 to 5/1/11. We had a bad experience from the moment we arrived.  The valet who unloaded our car opened the back of the van hastily and several of our bags fell out, he picked the bags up without apologizing placed them on the bellhop cart and as he pushed them away our bags fell off the cart again.  When we walked into the Lobby we were extremely impressed, it was gorgeous!  They pump in floral scents and there are chandeliers and gold everywhere.  But, that was where it ended for us.  The hotel claimed to not have our reservation even though there was a hold placed on my friends credit card.  When they found our reservation they said they would not be able to place us in adjoining suites.  When we argued with the girl she suddenly found two suites for us.  We entered the suites and began looking around.  At first sight the suite was beautiful, then we noticed a weird hissing sound coming from the windows, when we asked the bellhop about it he explained that sometimes the window system that allows fresh air in will break and we might be unable to close it, but he suggested we call the maintenance staff and they would bring us some duct tape to tape over the vent.  Really?  The TV in the living room area did not work and we had to call maintenance to come and fix the TV.  The TV in the bathroom did not work either.  The beds were made, but the carpet was filthy, and there was dirt on the sofas.  There were no extra towels (one bath towel and one hand towel per bathroom in both suites), no extra toilet paper or tissue, and one pillow per pullout sofa.  As we were unpacking one of the housekeeping workers came to the room to apologize for the room being unfinished, she complained to us that it was because "they called me and told me to stop cleaning".  I found it unprofessional she would complain to us.  The man who came to clean the carpet (yes, it was bad enough they had to shampoo the carpet) apologized for the room and said it was unacceptable that we were given a room like that.  When one friend who did not drive with us arrived, the valet lost her key.  She handed it to him, he somehow dropped it and he approached her as she checked in and accused her of not giving him the key.  When she was unable to find it in her purse they told her that because SHE lost the key they would need to tow her car at her expense.  They called her a few minutes later in the room to tell us that they found her key on the ground under her car.  Again, no apology for being rude.  The only staff we had contact with that were friendly were the room service staff.  Although we did find it odd that they never once rang the doorbell, they just entered the room.  The good things about the hotel were the lobby, the roomservice (reasonable prices and delicious food), and the free shuttle service.  I also liked that it is the only pet friendly luxury hotel in the area.  They even sold pet "gifts" in the gift shop.  But, I will not stay at this hotel again.
1	"pet friendly" hotel locked us out of room in the middle of the night because we had our two dogs.  Apparently, the site through which we booked did not send the information that we were traveling with our two small dogs to the Trump hotel.  Their solution, instead of calling my cell phone or just charging the pet fee to my card on file, they lock the doors in the middle of the night.  Then the manager lectures/argues with you for 45 minutes when you ask to get into your room.  What a waste of time!
2	I'm not really picky with hotels so I thought I would be giving this place an easy 5 star review. Boy was I wrong. These are the things that I liked about the hotel:1.)It was clean2.)Location is good3.)Price was decent4.)Shuttle to the Wynn was handy since I had friends that were staying there5.) The manager, Caroline was very sympathetic and accommodating. 6.) The room was nice and the bed might have been the most comfortable I've ever slept in. What Went Wrong During My Stay at the Trump International Hotel, LV: 1.) Came back after a long day and night of walking around town. Waited at least 35 min for the tub to fill up only to find out that the jets were broken. TOTAL BUMMER! 2.) Ironing board with no cover: makes it kinda hard to iron. We asked for another one twice. The first time, we received a ripped cover, the second time a little, mini, doll house sized board that would make Ironing one of the many dresses I brought with me a chore. 3.) Several lights were broken. One in the closet, one table lamp. 4.) I signed a contract that stated I would be charged a maximum of $100/ night for incidentals. Fine. Then I received another random charge that no one could explain or reverse. 5.) Manager, Glenn was really icy when he told me that "all hotels charge random incidental fees".... even after I showed him a copy of the the signed Trump Document document which stated that I would only be charged $100/night upon check in. 6.) My friends who were staying at the Wynn tried to take the shuttle over to Trump to meet me for a drink but unfortunately, the driver drove right by them....even as they attempted to chase him down. During one of my shuttle rides, I overheard a couple complaining about the same thing. Guess the driver only stops if he feels like it?  7.) Ordered a Mimosa to go from the bar. Bartender just gave me champagne at first, then when I corrected him, he ended up putting more OJ then there was bubbly! Their rookie bartenders don't even know how to make a simple drink. 8.) Breakfast buffet - Was the cheap continental kind you get for free but they charged $20. Do yourself a favor and pay $15 more and eat at the Wynn. 9.) Little to no cell reception. That could be ATT's fault. But my phone worked in other hotels for the most part. I think that's it. I wont stay here again and I will strongly advise all of my friends and family not to either!
3	If you can ignore the fact that a miniscule percentage of your hard earned cash will be going to the world's worst carnival barker this is a decent place to stay. Slightly off strip, no storm und drang of a casino in the lobby, and if there are a few of you they will give you a decent rate and possibly an upgrade.I was al ittle miffed that there were no towels in my room when i checked in and some other guys underpants were still lying in the bathroom floor.
2	How you like this hotel, depends on what part of the building you stay on. If you stay on the strip side I rate this place a 4 star Hotel. However, if you stay on the train track side, yes TRAIN TRACK side I rate this place 2 stars. The first night I was on the train track side, meaning the tracks are visible within 40 feet of the hotel. Yes, what a dumbass Trump is for picking such a location, or at least not equipting it with sound proof windows. I heard the horn every hour or therabouts and could not sleep. The following morning I complained and received an upgrade to the strip side, and it was fabulous. Very spacious rooms, extra large bathroom, with walk in shower. The best thing about the hotel is the fact that it is smoke free. But the train track side is an unbelievable oversight!
3	Rooms are large, clean and quiet. The pool area is the least attractive area of the hotel and the music they play precludes a restful experience. Awful. Breakfast in the lobby was great with wonderful service. Dinner in the on-site restaurant was below average with snooty staff. Front desk was more than helpful, very courteous.
4	If you do not want a casino or acts in your hotel, then I highly recommend Trump.  He may be a jackass in politics, but he can build a swank hotel.  This palce was originally supposed to be condos, but they did not sell.  Now they are pimped out hotel rooms with some added amenities.  Every room has a big bath tub, glass showers, a phone next to the toilet, tv in the mirror of the bathroom, big flatscreen tv in room, and kitchenette.  Not bad for a cheap Vegas price.  Easy walk to the Fashion Mall and Wynn.
2	Where to start, where to start ???I suppose I'll start upon checking in.  Here's the story.  Checked in with a lovely red head at midnight.  Went up to our room.  I was very eager to get squared away and get some shut eye, only to find other peoples belongings still inside of our room!  A notebook, some change, lip balm, open soap in the bathroom.  Uhhh I don't think so, this cannot be our room.  Called the front desk from the room, waited for about 5 minutes for someone to pick up only to find out that we needed to be transferred to someone else and waited for another 5 minutes for that person to answer.  Explained the situation, and was told to come back to the lobby for an upgrade.  Krista? I believe, was very apologetic over the phone, met us at the front desk and got us an upgrade.  Excellent!  Went up to the 58th floor, one bedroom suite, strip view... NICE!   Only things were the x of the tic tac toe game was broken in half (better not charge us for an incidental) and no iron in the room.Next morning tried calling concierge to get us some tickets and reservations.  Called about 3 times - phone kept ringing.  Went down to the concierge, ONE person at the concierge helping a group of people.  Ok this is going to take a while, we'll try again later!  Later came, same story ONE employee at the concierge desk already helping someone.  I booked my tickets myself, online and quickly.  Understaffed?!  I think so!  This hotel is VALET ONLY.  If that's so- please hire MORE VALET STAFF so we dont have to wait 10+ minutes for our car!!!  Also, valet staff sucks!  What ever happened to opening the doors for your guests?  Guess that goes out the window when you're understaffed.  That does not explain why we were waiting 15 minutes in our car for the valet only to see in the rear view mirror, valet guy servicing the car in back of us first!  "Are you kidding me?" were the words coming out of the hubby's mouth directed to the only valet working.  He opened his own door, mind you!  Valet guy said he was sorry (not really!)  - well there goes your tip buddy!  Other than that, the hotel is really nice...ly decorated and for the most part clean.  They DO charge a resort fee that includes free wi-fi, $20/night.  Room service was ok.  I guess the bottom line is - we liked the Signature @ MGM better and probably wont stay at the Trump again unless its free.
4	Positively the best hotel I have ever stayed in. It was very accommodating and spacious. I really loved everything about the room. I nearly gasmed when I saw it.The only downside is, let the hotel know when you check in, that you only want to run one deposit of $100. Otherwise you'll find out the hard way like I did, that the hotel charges a deposit fee for each day you stay there. That's $100 a day. That was the only thing about the hotel that pissed me off. Especially being on vacation and finding out you now have no money to spend... in Vegas... Maybe that's how Donald Trump is planning on fixing that deficit if people actually vote for him next election. We'll just bill the bastards to death.
5	I'm in a suite on the 32nd floor of Trump Int. Hotel writing this review. I stayed up till 4am partying last night and we're recovering from last night's action. Fortunately, we extended the checkout time to 4pm... then extended it to 5pm! What other hotel on the strip will do this for you? Aside from a rude managing parking attendant, Trump's Vegas staff are fantastic. They go out of their way to help you, whether you're looking to learn more about late night venues or trying to get good rates on your stay. We were bumped up to a suite (1000+ sq ft) for the price of a normal deluxe room. This was on a hot Saturday night... when every other hotel on the Vegas strip was SOLD OUT. Our room at Trump was amazing. It was a VIP experience that you shouldn't miss out on, especially if you come to Vegas without reservations--I've gotten the BEST rooms doing this. My advice: Don't book anything online. Talk to people on the phone or in person, whether you're booking a room at a hotel like Trump or even a show. You'll get the best rates, the best rooms, and the best seats in the house!More about the suite we booked: the jacuzzi is deep and relaxing (the jets are pretty powerful), the room is beautiful with granite throughout, the bathroom is fantastic, the bed is very comfortable and the overall room seems very new/modern/sophisticated. And did I mention the 5pm checkout? Very good job, Trump!We had an excellent stay. Thanks!
5	The best part of it is no smoky casino to walk through and no noisy lobby. Trump is the true 5 star hotel in LV. If you check on travel websites you will find many run down casinos rated 4-5 stars but they are really far from the 5 star service you get at Trump. I am not a fan of Mr. Trump but this place is managed well, the rooms are top notch, the service is attentive and not intimidating. I say this because in some of the real high end places sometimes not everyone feels comfortable. I love that every room has a jacuzzi, and a kitchenette if not more. The lobby smells of fresh floral scent. I take a deep breath each time I enter the lobby. There is no self parking here and like all the other valet parking in this town, they are strictly tip only. My coworkers who are used to quiet nights didn't like being able to hear the train just behind the building 2:30am. They were on 32th and 51st floor so it doesn't seem to matter which floor you are on. I did eventually hear the train but it didn't really bother me. As long as I can afford it I will definitely return.
5	I would stay here over and over again!!From the time we checked in to the lady upgrading our room just because it was our first time there, was red carpet all the way!WoW!!! The pool side restaurant was the best with service and food.The restaurant on the main floor was also an A++ when it came to service and food.Trump even has his own water!!! It taste better than any other bottled water I've ever tasted and I'm really picky when it comes to that stuff.The room itself was just the best and the bed, don't even get me started on how comfortable it was and how I couldn't even feel my partner toss and turn as I do on the one we have at home...lol Shhhh, don't tell her I said that.Book your travel hotel destination here and you won't regret it.P.S. what a ride when you get on the elevator, Super Fast. (not a fan of heights)Enjoy!!
4	This place is so clean! If you have kids and just want to take it easy in Vegas, not only this hotel feel luxurious they play disney music at the pool! It's nice every now and then to be in vegas without walking through a cloud of smoke or the noisiness of slot machines. But, that's why most of us go to vegas...the consume second hand smoke, and the ding ding ding sound of slot machine makes us feel alive!!!! Trump IS for chillin' and slowin' down in this crazy sinful city!
5	Based on a quick check of the five star hotels in Vegas right before Memorial Day weekend, the Trump was the cheapest option, so away I went.  The hotel, and the rooms, are beautiful. It's described as "off the strip", but it's not far.  It was a 5 minute walk or so to the Wynn, and probably 10-15  to the Palazzo or Venitian.  Where it is right across from, however, is the Fashion Show Mall, which may or may not be a plus.  What is a plus to me, maybe not to others, is the fact that this hotel doesn't have a casino.  This property was a failed condominium project that almost went under and was converted to a hotel when the real estate market dropped after 2007.  It has a small pool area, a so-so spa, a nice fitness center, a tiny bar, and a small restaurant.  The rooms, as mentioned, are gorgeous, and the bathrooms are huge. (I was expecting a tacky gold gilding and mirrors look from Trump).  Definitely a location to relax at while you're in the room, and cab or hoof it when you want to go out on the town.Donald, you're hired.
5	The Trump deserves its stripes  or shall i say stars. Great 5 star hotel at a decent rate, I have stayed here probably multiple occasions and I would like to say they were almost near perfect. There were a couple times where the hot tub/jacuzzi wasn't working or the valet took 45 minutes to look for our tahoe at 2am in the morning with nobody in line that we were unhappy with but the staff took care of us by reimbursing the resort fees. They have condo rooms which are all nice, but an upgrade to the 1 room condo for a special occasion will be an investment you will not be disappointed with. It comes with a big couch, full kitchen, washer/dryer, and larger restroom. I need to find where they sell those pillows because I have the best sleep in Vegas haha! who sleeps in Vegas? I do only at the Trump lol
5	first ever casino-less hotel in vegas!! you're a very smart man mr trump!!stayed here for my friend's bday weekend in vegas. the rooms in this place are all suites. we got  connecting rooms with a one bedroom suite and a studio. the bathrooms are huuuge! trust the bathroom in the one bedroom was enormous enough to fit 6 GIRLS getting ready AT THE SAME TIME! no joke! shower was big enough with 2 shower heads. toilet was separated with a door. literally shits n giggles with your girls while their getting ready! LOLthe hotel always smelled soooo good since no casino and no smokers around. but they do have a smoking area across the entrance. so no worries for you smokers like me!the hotel is located off the strip close to the fashion show mall. it's about a 15 min walk to the Wynn and Encore depending how high your shoes are. LOLill definitely be coming back to stay at mr trump's hotel!
2	Sorry but not impressed with the Donald's place. It's a decent enough hotel, but could be a decent enough hotel anywhere. In Las Vegas I've come to expect a bit more, and this isn't a bit more. It seems to think it's a 4 star hotel, but I found it to be little more than a LaQuinta with a minibar. I ordered two coffees in the restaurant and was charged $30 for Starbuck's coffee that sells for $5 in their stores. The food at the restaurant was okay, but of medium quality. The room was small by Vegas standards. Overall, it's essentially a LaQuinta, with a Denny's, but at 4 star prices.
4	It's great there's no casino to trek through with all your luggage & there aren't a bunch of drunk weirdos hanging around. The rooms are large have a nice little kitchen & great jet bath tub with TV in bathroom mirror. The rooms are quiet on the top floors away from the outdoor pool where you can hear music from. The maids were very loud & yelled up & down the hall even though there is a vestibule between the rooms & hallway they prop the doors open with their carts & are not considerate of guests sleeping. Unfortunately this is typical in hotels. There's a train that runs by the hotel all night every couple hours blowing it's horn! I downloaded a white noise app on my iPod the second night & slept much better! The beds are comfortable & the complimentary water & coffee were great. The valet parking is free but tips are strongly suggested & expected which adds up quick!! You aren't allowed to park yourself & it'd be great if you could in the parking structure. Call ahead to have them bring your car.
5	Love it love it!I went with my family of 4 adults plus 2 kids,with tax and fee we paid approx $250 a night to have a corner studio (fit for all 6 of us) on 51st floor. OMG the VIEW with all the huge windows, amazing!  The studio has 2 bathrooms, the master bathroom is really nice with TV and large Jacuzzi.  I think similar room at Bellagio or Venetian would probably cost you $300-400 a night or even more!  Customer service was excellent.  I used to love walking on the strip and visiting hotels in LV but this time I spent a lot of time staying in this beautiful studio and used their swimming pool.  Free frequent shuttle btw Wynn and Trump.  Very convenient.For the price I paid I would gave them even 6 stars if I can!  Highly recommended if you go to LV for a family trip or romantic one.  No casino so I guess not for gamblers.  : )  P.S. The pull out sofa is very thin, need to ask for more pad and blanket to support before you use it!
5	I am so IN LOVE with the Trump. It is my favorite hotel for numerous reasons:1) This is weird, but the aroma. The minute I walk in, I feel relaxed, comfortable, at home, and peaceful. Seriously, it smells THAT good. So good that it's actually/weirdly one of the reasons why I stay here.  If I could buy an airfreshener resembling Trump... I'd be all on that. 2) NO CASINO. No hassle of walking miles and miles to get to the elevator.3) KITCHEN! Cup of noodles all day everyday for the nasty hangovers. And a fridge to hold your gatorade, snacks, and alcohol! 4) Friendliest staff ever :) Horrible hangover? Staff always comes to the rescue with unlimited bottles of water.  5) IPOD dock (which is a must when getting ready/drinking in the room)6) Good size, comfortably fits 6 girls7) Affordable8) Ample mirror space!9) Across the street from Fashion Show Mall10) WALKING DISTANCE (we don't walk though, but yay for cheaper cab fair) to XS, Marquee, Surrender, Tao... :)What's not to LOVE...
5	So I read the reviews and based upon those I would have to agree with people who had issues with no casino or accessibility to the strip. Walking to the strip would be cumbersome. Not an issue for us since we brought a car.No casino again since I am not a big gambler. My wife doesn't like gambling so it's rare if ever that I play.Right across the street from the fashion show mall so if shopping is your thing it's perfect.Right now the world series of poker is in town and this is the cheapest 5 star resort. I saw many 3 star resorts selling for just as much if not more.We upgraded our suite to a 1000 sq ft suite for an additional $50 per night. The room is amazing. With a bathroom as big as a football field and a tub to put the team in during half time. From now on me & the Don are tight.
5	Wonderful experience here! Booked a room on priceline for $120 (plus fees $148 or so). The entire hotel was lovely and our room was amazing. The entrance to our room was actually sealed away from the main hall with another door with a weird entry area shared with the neighboring room. The room was extremely spacious with tons of attention to detail. Lots of shelf space for example, filled with random decorations like coral and ceramics. The kitchen had a La Creuset tea pot, a salad spinner, and other stuff from Williams Sonoma. There was also a lot of closet space! Very luxurious. The bathroom was huge and, as other people have mentioned, has a TV in the mirror. The jacuzzi bathtub was a dream come true! I just wished I'd saved more time to soak in it. Also, I didn't realize there were three different settings for the jets till after I'd gotten out. Doh.We had two couples in our group so we made use of the queen sized pullout bed. At first we were going to just use the one comforter (no sheet) and pillow we found in the closet but it was very thin and springy. We called down and a guy came and made the bed up with a nice fluffy pad and two layers of comforters and sheets, etc. It was almost as good as a real bed. The fridge was so cold it actually froze our bottled water, and they charge a $20 "resort fee" for the valet parking, Internet, coffee, etc. But I didn't mind at all; it was totally worth it. Would love to come back again and make better use of the tub, try out the pool, etc. Also, they have a courtesy shuttle to the Wynn (which is really close to walk anyway), which makes the lack of a casino a minor detail.
5	5 star. My favorite hotel in LV, easy. It is beautiful, clean, and most importantly, no cigarette's! Evian mist and fresh Mango poolside. I had a very pleasant experience and I definitely recommend it to you.
5	I hadn't been in Vegas for several years; booked this hotel and was I impressed!  From the moment I walked in to the lobby; it's as though there is a fragrance that lingers from the lobby through out the entire hotel ~ it is a slice of heaven.  Rooms were private and spacious and even a bigger fan of Mr Trump than I was before!  Book this hotel ~ it is AMAZING.
5	5 stars for value. It's really not that expensive. The rooms are tastefully decorated (with wonderful books on the shelf), spacious, include a small kitchenette, clean and comfortable. And FREE wireless. Thank you Mr. Trump. And because there are no slot machines or a casino at the hotel it is relatively relaxing and quiet. The lobby includes a quiet bar and a smal restaurant. There is also a nice fitness center and pool.   The ONY downside is that it is not really walking distance to anything - at least not when it is 100+ temperature. But cabs are easily accessible and they offer a free shuttle to most casinos. I'd definitely return.
5	OMG this place is great. My friends booked their room here and I was privileged to unexpectedly crash on their sofa for a night. What makes it so great?? First off, it's complimentary valet (tip!!). Second, you walk thru the spacious lobby straight to the elevators. No annoying convoluted trek thru a loud smelly casino to get to your room. Third, pseudo double doors suite that made it extra private and sound proof. You couldn't even ring the door bell if it was "do not disturb" status. This might suck if you lost your key and was trying to knock on the door, cuz you wouldn't be able to hear anything. Fourth, the kitchenette (mini fridge, stove range, blender, sink, microwave, coffee maker, 1 plate). Fifth, the bathroom (double sink, crystallized walls separating the toilet and shower, and tub). Sixth, it's right across from Fashion Show Mall. I would definitely look into booking a room here for my future Vegas trips.
2	This place would have gotten a better review except for two things.1) it took 15 min... MINIMUM to get our car, we were waiting for a half hour wtf is that?2) we told them our TV wasn't working and they said they were going to send in a tech... as you can probably tell that never happened.Not that I smoke but my friends that did had to leave the room, get in the elevator, walk through the lobby, and through the front doors before they could smoke. Most people probably wont care about that, but I'm sticking with either the Cosmo, or Palazzo. This hotel doesn't feel like Vegas. Sorry Trump, the fact that you didn't have a casino should have told me something.
5	Had my second stay at the Trump Hotel in Las Vegas. The accomodations, food and service was out of this world. Big shout out to Greg & Nick in the dining room who helped make my son's 21st birthday party totally perfect AND got my husband and I out the door in time to make our show on the strip.Olga was a very sweet and wonderful housekeeping attendant making sure our room was spotless.Thanks Trump Hotel we will be back.Best location, best price and best people on the Strip.
5	I would definitely not say no to staying here againPros:-The best thing about the Trump is that it's not a casino. So it automatically feels more classy and clean. -Our check-in and -out processes were painless. The staff were super nice and polite during our whole visit.-We were upgraded to a suite which, honestly, the most luxurious hotel room I've ever been in. The bathrooms got me speechless. Huge bath/hot tube, huge shower, and a make up table. What else could I ask for?-It wasn't very busy at the pool when we were there.-Booked through AA vacation and got a really good deal, for a 5-star hotel.Cons:-It's kinda far from the center of the strip. It takes a 10 minute walk to get to the Wynn and Encore (i walk slow) or $8 cab to get to Ceasar Palace. They do have shuttles that run to these two areas but you have to wait quite a bit, and the service stops at early hours (before midnight).-The pool is sort of boring (compared to other Vegas pools). The little hot tub next to the pool is a bit yucky, they should just cover that thing up.
3	My first time staying at the Trump Hotel and I really wanted to enjoy every moment of it but alas, there were setbacks.The Good:The hotel is immaculate.  The room we had was gorgeous (layout is very similar to The Signature Suites at MGM.  It was a corner 1bdr suite on the 58th floor with a spectacular south facing view of the strip. There's an iPod docking station with an add'tl USB slot... perfect for charging multiple devices.  The hotel amenities were clean, peaceful, and easy to navigate to.  Beautiful pool, that thankfully wasn't over-crowded especially since it was J4th weekend.  A nice sized fitness center... there were plenty of treadmills and equipment... I never found myself waiting to use anything.  The spa was had a steam room and sauna that I was able to enjoy after booking a massage. There's a $20 resort fee added on to your bill but in my opinion is well worth it for what you get... 2 complementary bottled waters w/every housekeeping visit... or you can call and request more water.  Complimentary drop off & pick up shuttle service to/from the Wynn or Caesar's Palace.  Access to Pool, Spa, & Fitness Center.  FREE WI-FI.Shuttle service came in handy and saved on cab fare (which means more gambling money!).  However, the shuttle to Caesar's ends at 11pm, so if you plan on staying out late, save a couple bucks for cab fare.The Bad:Our beautiful corner suite developed a horrible odor coming from the master bathroom... smelled like mildew.  We called front desk nearly every day to send someone up to take a look.  Turns out there was a leak in the laundry room which is locked off and only available for the owner(s) of the suite.  Maint. came to fix the leak and had to come again to run a wash cycle to get rid of the stale water left in the washer.  However, the smell never left the bathroom.  To prevent it from stinking up the suite, we kept the bathroom door closed and used the second bathroom in the living room to shower and get ready.  It was terrible that we couldn't make use of that huge master bathroom and spa tub.  Unfortunately, no one offered to have switch rooms until the night before we were checking out.  Secondly, there's a train that passes by on the West side of the hotel near the 15 fwy that you can hear very clearly even from the 58th floor!!  We were in early one night and awoke at 3:30 am to a train passing by blowing his horn!  Rude awakening.Other things I thought that might be good to know.... Pillows are way too soft for me,  your head literally sinks to through... but the bed was comfy.  There is NO CASINO in this hotel... this may be good or bad depending on what you're in LV for.  For the most part, not having a casino downstairs was great for our trip... it was less crowded (especially on J4th weekend) and peaceful.  There was one night I did regret it when I awoke at 4am (thanks train!) and could not get back to sleep.... then would have been a great time to have a casino conveniently located downstairs.  Nonetheless, figure out what you want out of your hotel during your trip before you book a non-casino resort.  Also, not sure if it was just our room, but the volume on the TVs were super super low.  I had to max out the volume just to hear anything.  Kitchenette and full Kitchens have a microwave & stove with dishware & utensils.... so if you wanna save some $$ on grub... walk across the street to the ABC Store inside Fashionshow Mall and buy some pre-made sandwiches, salads, etc... they even sell alcohol and you can store that in the fridge in the room!Overall, I had a decent experience at Trump.  I'd be willing to give them a second chance to make my experience more happily memorable.
4	Wifi is included in the resort fee! Too bad I didn't know that beforehand, or I would have brought my netbook.Place feels very elegant and classy. Lobby is very spacious.It's pretty quiet, which is nice. It's different. I don't even gamble, but I guess I just expect to walk into a vegas hotel and see a casino. Just adds to the Sin City atmosphere :) Depends on one's mood, I guess.Valet service is convenient. The bellboy took a little while to appear after we requested help with our bags, but he was very friendly.
5	My experience mirrors Mimi C's. I'm like the no casino/no smoking part aspect of the hotel. The no casino makes getting to your room from the front door painless. I agree with all her pro's. As far as the cons go, I think you will be hard-pressed to find a resort without a resort fee in Vegas. -- The main area of the strip is a bit far away, but you can take to shuttle to Ceasar Forum which puts you right about at the middle of the strip. I paid the same amount $79/night for a weeknight. I plan to stay at the Trump again next time I'm in Vegas.
4	My first time staying in just a hotel in Vegas, not a hotel/casino. It was really quite nice and different, no loud groups coming in and out and non-smoking. I thought we'd have the city view suite, but I think we were facing the other side and man, that train passing through. Definitely a downside to this location. Bathroom is HUGE, and score for having a TV and a combination washer/dryer as well. Added plus to not charging for bottled water which they restocked every day. We decided to eat in their restaurant on the last day before we left. Server said it would be 15 minutes to seat us, because they were full. When we got seated, it was weird, there was only one other group there. Hmm...food took forever to come out, and it's not like we ordered anything fancy, club sandwiches and salads. An extra tip, if you guys will be using carts to take away the dirty dishes, please invest in some carts that don't squeak. The clanking of the dishes combined with the squeaky wheels make for such loud and unnecessary noise. It is a little far from the main strip, so cab rides are a bit more expensive. Oh and another very important thing, horrible cell phone service. I could barely get one bar of service.
1	I chose the Trump international because of the laid back atmosphere and the non-smoking. Boy, DID I MAKE A MISTAKE!I checked in yesterday after a hellish commute to Vegas that started with 10 hours of delays at the airport, babies crying and little kids kicking my seat and bad turbulence. Continued with a fight with US air about having my baggage damaged and 2 hour wait at Hertz. Finally checked in and got a light dinner and some gambling and crashed exhausted at 11pm.Woke up at 2:30am to the sound of the loudest horn on the train. Another train's horn at 3am and the last one at 4am. Went to the front desk and they moved me to other side at a higher floor. Just heard another train fly by with their horn at full blast at 5am and another at 6m. I slept for about 3 hours. Never been more exhausted in my life. I hate to think what a regular night's sleep (or lack thereof) will be like tonight!Looks like I won't be sleeping this week. I've lived in NYC, near NYU/VA/Bellevue hospitals during 9/11 with all the sirens but these trains take the cake. Just really pissed that I spent all this money and I'm on vacation and I WON'T BE ABLE TO SLEEP. PISSED OFF THAT I STILL HAVE 6 MORE NIGHTS OF THIS GARBAGE. STAY AWAY!I didn't mention about the used condom package in my drawer or the 3 bugs that i killed next to the bed or the fact that the bed is so cushioney and has too much give.
5	This hotel was amazing!  Their service was excellent and the room was the nicest I think I've ever stayed in. The bathroom was absolutely huge with marble tile floors and walls (very slippery when wet) with a ginormous jet tub and a television above the sink that's flush with the mirror. Also a phone next to the commode (why you might want to talk to someone while on the john is beyond me). The bed was absolutely the most comfortable one I've slept in. And to top it off, there's a small fridge, sink with a garbag disposal, a range for cooking AND cookware in the cupboards!  Oh, and getting into your room, you enter into a little area shared by one other room, so you aren't directly off the hallway, which made me feel safer and cuts down on noise from outside. Amazing place to stay!!
1	I will never stay here again. First of all I grew up in las vegas and now live in san diego but still enjoy some weekends on the strip. I came here for my bachelorette party. I was treated like I had the plague the entire stay. Their pool sucks, Phoebe at the front desk is the rudest person by far, then there is the fat old broad in the gift shop who yells at you bc you wont pay 90 dollars for a 30 dollar bottle of kettle one. Customer service was horrible and I paid 500 bucks to be treated like a 3rd class citizen for 2 days. P.s. don't eat the chicken noodle soup from room service they bring you rocks in water heated up.never again!
5	Well, we found our new go-to family hotel for Vegas!! A couple weeks before we arrived I sent the hotel a message on their facebook wall asking them about a bed for my daughter and sure enough when we showed up for our reservations the sofa bed was already made up in our room. The room we had was not on the strip side and my 4 year-old LOVES looking out the windows on our trips. All our time spent in the room sounds like this " Mommy, what do you see from up here? I see a helicopter and a hotel and a pool and another hotel and a big building and an airplane" etc etc etc. They switched our room no problem and had a new bed made up for her in 15 minutes!The hotel is so quiet, and smoke free and perfect for family travel! We've stayed at Luxor, Mirage and Venetian with our little one and I prefer the Trump over any of those by a long shot! We spent about 6 hours at the pool over the course of the weekend and she was in heaven! Housekeeping was great, they came in twice a day and were always smiling. Valet also was great, I forgot her stroller in the car and they had it out to me in 2 minutes, not an easy thing to run through a parking garage with, trust me!I went to the gym twice while I was there and the first time, around 5:30pm was almost empty, it was myself and 3 others, the second day I went at 10:00 am and it was packed! I didn't have to wait for a machine though even with the gym being full which was great but I would suggest going in the early evening instead of the morning!The one thing that was off was the darn train, but I can hardly fault the Trump for this, it's not like they built the tracks!Even the location was great, right across the street from the Fashion Show Mall, it was a quick walk through the mall to the strip. We like to walk when on vacation so didn't mind the extra 100 yards to get to the strip, got to work off all those pina coladas somehow! The hotel really seems to cater to families and that is so hard to come by in this city. Kids menu at the pool cafe, kids pool toys on sale and every employee we came across fawned over our daughter, her being the ham she is soaked it all up! We will definitely be coming back to the Trump whenever we travel to Vegas with our little one in tow!
4	Beautiful decor, gracious staff, well appointed rooms.  Super comfy beds and love the tv in the bathroom mirror.  Spent a great couple of days by the pool, low key relaxation.
5	My favorite hotel in Las Vegas!  I have stayed here twice & would definitely come back again when I'm in Vegas. It's an affordable deal for $99 a night, a spacious room that comes with a King size bed & a sofa pull out, full kitchen, shower, jet bathtub, full length mirrors, great decor both inside the rooms & through the hotel. Friendly & convenient service staffNo smoking/casino's inside the hotelRight across from the Fashion MallEncore/Wynn is around the cornerFree Shuttle serviceGreat room serviceGood size pool area/lounge Extended check-out time until 4pm
2	our floor maid checked in our suite while we were still in the living/ kitchen area, and asked if she could just punch in. then she didnt come back to clean our suite.
2	I picked this hotel because I was running the Rock n' Roll Marathon and I needed a quiet, nonsmoking room, with a kitchenette to cook a pre race meal, and a large tub to soak in post race.The Trump is beautiful from lobby to room to view to spa to pool, but their service is beyond lacking. I know service, good, bad, and indifferent. I've dealt with the full range of customers from happy to abusive and unreasonable for 12 years. Accidents happen, but how problems are resolved makes the difference between a positive and negative experience. The room was beautiful and well decorated. The TV in the bathroom mirror was a nice touch, ended up switching rooms and it didn't work in the second room but you couldn't see it from the tub anyway. The whirlpool tub was by far the best part of the room. It was huge. My boyfriend is 6'4" and was able to stretch out in it. The towels and robes were soft and thick and didn't leave any lint after bathing. The view of the Wynn/Encore and Fashion Mall was stunning especially at night. The Spa is amazing; spacious, luxurious treatment rooms, showers, and a wonderful lounge area with teas and water. On the down side, neither of our cell phones had use-able signal beyond the lobby (AT&T and T-mobile), the bathroom floor was sticky. The bell/doormen were friendly, welcoming, and recognized me after the first day. The spa staff was professional and met my expectations. Where things went wrong began with housekeeping and ends with management.We checked in and unpacked putting most of out items in drawers and left do some shopping before dinner reservations for our anniversary. When we returned to our room three hours after checking in, housekeeping (I'm assuming) threw out all our toiletries and the food I brought to cook (I didn't notice the food until we switched rooms, and by that point I felt like I was such an inconvenience to them I just let it go). After filling out security paperwork, management offered to refund the mandatory resort fee, a whopping $15. The desk manager did call our restaurant for us, at my request, and we were given a ride in the house car to the restaurant, unfortunately I felt like we were lucky to get that instead of having to take a taxi, or the nice leisurely stroll up the Strip as we had planned.Security was professional and accommodating in trying to resolve the situation, but the desk manager made us feel like "problem guests" and that everything being done was above and beyond excellent customer care.The GM did not sit down with us face to face, we had to argue over the phone about what had happened and what they could do for us. Eventually, the GM agreed to a room upgrade and a late check out. We were satisfied with that and just wanted to put it all behind us. The late check out we were begrudgingly promised didn't go smoothly either. We packed in the morning, left for lunch and some gambling,  we returned to checkout and were locked out of out room. After sorting that out I got the bill and the resort fees that were supposed to be refunded were still on the bill. All in all, it was just a big hassle.
5	This hotel is AWESOME! We decided to stay here for my 25th birthday trip and we loved it! We arrived around noon and not only did they have a room ready for us, but we received a free upgrade to a 1 bedroom suite for my birthday! The room was huge! It had 2 bathrooms, a full size kitchen, and a jacuzzi tub....I seriously didn't wanna leave! Everyone who worked here was very professional and helpful (even when we stumbled in from partying at 4am). The pool was really nice too! Nothing special, but it's quiet and they have great poolside service. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you want to be close to the strip but don't want to deal with loud casinos and cigarette smoke 24/7!
5	5 stars all the way.We stayed in their one bedroom suites and it was seriously an amazing experience.  You literally feel as if you have your own one bedroom apartment, with its own kitchen, own living room with a huge Lshaped sofa, and a decent sized bedroom with a huge full bathroom (with bathtub with jets)the only downside (depending on how you look at it) - there is no casino. it really is a hotel located a little bit off the strip.
5	Three-night weekend stay from Friday night to Monday morning. First thing I should point out is that it is valet only. The wife and I drove past the hotel twice looking for the self-parking signs only to find out it was valet only when we drove into the valet. Good thing we happened to have cash on us.The front desk and the valet employees were very helpful and courteous. Check-in was quick, smooth, and painless. Walking into the room made you feel like it was going to be a good vacation. We actually set our bags down when we walked in so we could take a look at;          - nice city/mountain view from the window          - the comfortable sofa that pulls out to a bed          - coffee table with extra chairs and a desk          - kitchen area with flat electric stovetop, microwave, and fridge          - hot tub in the bathroom          - LCD TV in the room          - small LCD TV in the mirror in the restroomWent out onto the strip after getting ready. Getting to the strip takes about 10-15 minutes of walking. I guess a nice thing is that you get to walk through the air-conditioned mall. The crappy thing is that the mall closes at 9pm.TIP: The shuttle from the Forum Shoppes to Trump is on the lower level. Take the escalator down that is in the middle of the Shoppes.The Spa at the Trump was awesome, and highly suggest it. The staff was very polite and professional,The gym was in great condition and had a good amount of weights, medicine balls, core balls, and even a BOSU.The swimming pool is nothing too special. The one cool thing it had was a little lip at the edge of both sides of the pool where you could lay out, but also be halfway in the water. About a half foot deep and extends maybe 12 feet out.Overall great stay for a hotel pretty much off the strip, and with no casino.
5	This isn't a Hotel and Casino, if you want to go down to the lobby and gamble stay elsewhere. But If  you hate the smokey hotel smell and not in Vegas to lose an arm, this is the place for you.Possibly the cleanest hotel I have been to. Enter and you'll notice the amazing aroma in the lobby, they don't sell the fragrance at the gift shop, I already asked =(Standard room comes equip with kitchenette, dish and sink.,Wolfgang Puck coffee and of course its very clean. Quality service with a press of a button. I highly recommend this hotel
5	Really a 4.5 in my eyes, but I will round up to a 5 b/c Trump has badass room service.  Got a deal through HotWire and paid a decent price for 2 nights (Friday/Saturday).  This hotel is sliiiightly off the strip, but is still directly across a small side street from Fashion Show Mall.  It made it very convenient for us to get breakfast at one of two Starbucks inside the mall.  Mmmm...Also, because of its location, when taxis came to pick us up, the drivers took Industrial Blvd, which was waaaay less crowded than Las Vegas Blvd.  This saved us a lot of time and cab fare!  HOOORAY!There is no self-parking lot here, so be ready with some cash to tip the valet people.  They are all very friendly and will signal for a cab for you 24/7.  Trump also has shuttles going to Caesar's Palace and Wynn every day.  I can't recall the hours exactly, but I think for CP, the shuttle service ends at midnight every night.All rooms come with a King-sized bed and a Queen-sized couch bed.  There is even a kitchenette and roomy fridge for those who want to make their own meals/snacks.  Be sure to save room for the delicious fries and tiramisu from room service though!  Trust me!  You won't be disappointed.All in all, I was quite pleased with this hotel.  I highly recommend it for anyone who wants to stay at a hotel that doesn't have a casino (GASP!)and is 100% non-smoking.  You are charged a little less than $23/day for resort fees, which allows you to use the pool, internet, gym, and a few other ammenities.  So people, use their stuff!!!Oh yes, be sure to lounge around by the family-friendly poolside (nothing fancy, but a good place to relax and cool off).  Free towels, lounge chairs, and umbrellas.  Cabanas can be reserved as well (not sure if it costs anything).
4	I get thrown in here quite a bit. Always a good time. If it's not a suite the normal rooms seem to be nice and spacious. Awesome bathtubs. Found myself sleepin in it the last time!
5	Been here twice and have to say top of the line. The service is second to none anywhere in Vegas. clean rooms, affordable prices and the service from the staff is unreal
5	My husband and I just stayed here for 3 nights and we were so happy that we stayed here! It is so nice that after a full day of noise, smoke, and crowds in the other casinos that we could come back here to a peaceful luxurious retreat. The rooms were perfect, the staff was absolutely amazing. I had read the other reviews before we went and thought that it was funny that people commented on how nice this place smelled but it was totally true! The place smelled so nice, I even asked if they sold a candle. Everyone that worked here from the doorman, the concierge, to the pool staff, everyone was so nice and helpful and seemed genuinely happy to be working there. The hotels location really shouldn't be an issue because it is only about a 5 minute walk to Las Vegas Blvd and during the day there are two shuttles that run every 15 minutes. I loved that even the standard rooms had kitchenettes and that we were provided with free bottled water, coffee, and chocolates during our turndown service. I can't wait to come back to the Trump the next time we come to Vegas.
5	6 best friends+ Las Vegas+ Trump International Hotel=Best weekend evarrrrr!The Trump is my favorite place to stay in Vegas thus far. My girlfriends and I stayed in a suite this past weekend and while I'm sure pleasing six ready-to-drink-and-party, friends-since-high-school girls isn't too difficult, we really enjoyed every minute of our visit.It's not directly on the strip but RIGHT off of it, behind the Fashion Show Mall. It also doesn't have a casino! This was a plus for me, because Vegas isn't a place you spend a lot of time in your hotel room, but when you do, you need some calm and quiet. I hate walking through loud and smokey casinos at 5 in the morning after a night of drinking, dancing, and all around debauchery, and all I want is to rest my head against something and close my eyes.The suites are fairly large, with a little kitchen and a pull out couch. The bathrooms are awesome - they have a huge shower, a phone next to the crapper and a TV built into the mirror. MTV cribs status. Definitely felt like I was ballin' outta control.We had a view of the pool, which was never crowded at all. I didn't use it myself because I'm a vampire, but my girlfriends enjoyed it. It's huge and there is plenty of seating. There was none of this beach club craziness with empty beer bottles and an island of puke floating around in the deep end. Although, there was a mermaid swimming around in it on Saturday. Yeah, a mermaid, with a tail and everything. Don't ask me.We ordered room service on Saturday and the food came up quickly, within about 20 minutes just like they said. And it wasn't ridiculously priced, which was a plus. The valet and housekeeping staff were were all very nice as well. I would definitely stay here again. +1 for the Donald!
3	When I was in Vegas, we used the Trump's pool because TI's wasn't open yet. It's actually pretty cool how the gold panels heat it up. So let's say I give the pool 3 stars.
2	Is trump really considered a 5 star? Cuz if it is then it really fell in expectation..Walking into the room there was this weird gas stench that stayed in the room for our whole 3 night stay. We figured the smell would go away, but it didn't. The room itself was nice.. Really spacious, nice furniture, kitchennette, dining and living room with one bedroom. The space is what we really got the room for since we were saying with about 6 people. Checking the bathrooms out I found a dirty wet towel in the shower. EW seriously for a five star that's really missing attention to detail. The TVs didn't work and the jets in the bath didn't work. We called the front desk letting them know what was missing in our room but of course no one came or did anything about the problem. Housekeeping didn't do their job either, while I admit the first day it was my friends who shooed away housekeeping the next day when we called for them they didn't really clean. The most they did was wipe down the table top and give us extra towels. They didn't even take out trash or even take away that naassttyyy dirt towel.valet parking is complimentary which is cool but my friends that drove complained that valet was really slow at bringing their car back to them. Overall an unsatisfactory experience, trump we will not be back.
2	Great Hotel...But the service was AWFUL! If I was rating just on the hotel, it would be five stars...but the service was SO bad, I would never stay there again and neither will my friends.Upon arrival, it was unclear that there was no self-parking. We mistakenly turned in to employee parking  (but realized it right away) and in our attempts to turn around we were chased down by an ornery security guard who talked to us like we were criminals. He then followed us out to the valet area and made references to our 'inability to follow directions' to the valet. I also did not appreciate the valet's mocking and sarcastic tone as he joined in the insults. I was ready to cancel my reservation right there.Our experience checking in was great. The front desk staff was cheerful, friendly and fast! ....my mood changed. And, our room was beautiful-no complaints here. Headed to the pool...and BAD service. I waited in line for nearly 15 minutes to pay for a bottle of Snapple in the cafe. Although there were at least ten staff members behind the counter, no one would help me. When I finally flagged down a waitress, she acted annoyed that she had to ring me up. We were at the pool for about three hours and not ONCE did a waitress ask if we wanted to order drinks or food--we tried flagging someone down, but we were always told they'd 'be right back' and never returned. We were thirsty and hungry and had to walk across the street to the mall to get some service.Its really disappointing...this could be such a great hotel--but they need to invest some SERIOUS resources in training their staff. When you pay that much money, you expect at least decent customer experience.... This was really poor.
3	stayed in their suite. it's ok. come with kitchen but who's going to cook when you are in Vegas? (good )the bathroom in the master bedroom is huge. very pretty.  nice vanity (bad )there's a dirty spot, seem like gum inside the shower floor. a bit gross. house keeper is definitely not doing a good job.(good) view is very pretty, I can see almost the whole strip.(bad) no gambling in the hotel(bad) had to wait for 20 minutes for them to get the room ready.
4	Hotel is very clean and the rooms are spacious. Nobody warned us about the noise from the early morning train.
3	Now that I am getting older, I tend to do "Vegas" a bit differently. I like staying at the non-gaming, non-smoking hotels because I feel more relaxed after the trip and I don't go home reeking of smoke or coughing. That said, that was one of the reason's I enjoyed the Trump hotel. The lobby is beautiful, the rooms were nice & spacious and it was right across the street from Fashion Show Mall. We could walk to the Wynn and Treasure Island, no problem and the hotel offered a shuttle to Ceasar's. Now, time for the not so nice: They have a small restaurant and bar in the lobby, but  lacking a small coffee shop. A girl needs her latte in the mornings! I stayed at the Vdara which is similar in concept and they had a little snack/coffee shop in the lobby which was the perfect place to grab a coffee or quick bite. We had an odd relationship with housekeeping & room service. We called down for cups numerous times. We NEVER got them, however someone brought up two robes up to us TWICE and we never asked for them. I don't know how you confuse cups with robes??? Secondly, we asked housekeeping to clean our room before we left for the night. They came and made up the bed, left the sofa bed unmade and the bathroom uncleaned. We were very confused. Then, they left us a voicemail saying they were sorry they couldn't clean our room. My friends and I were slightly confused....... I am still confused. We booked on hotwiire, and didn't know the name of our hotel until we paid for it. Overall, we had a good time.. I wouldn't mind staying there again, as long as they put in a coffee shop. :)
5	My visit to Trump LV was unique...to say the least. We were a group of 11 staying at the PH Westgate Towers in a relatively huge suite w/ common suite amenities (large fridge, bar area w/ chairs, sink, dishes, etc. etc.). Regardless, I like to have a bed when I am in Vegas. I don't want to sleep on a pull-out, or on the floor, or on a chair. No thanks. Cutting to the chase. A friend and I get back to our suite at PH Towers (3:30AM).... beds, pull-outs, and couches are taken. Fuck this. I make my friend get her shit and start calling other hotels. I remember seeing a good rate at Trump a few weeks back and call their 800 number. (On a side note, how bad is AT&T service in Las Vegas?? This almost sabotaged our night.) We call up the Trump and they offer us a solid rate. Much better than the $269 from Bellagio.. Quick and fast cab ride around the strip....Enter valet of Trump. Huge chandeliers line the gold ceiling above. To tell you the truth, everything I remember seeing was gold. Obviously over the top but not tacky at all. It was really one of the nicest entrances I've seen in LV. Not too crowded (day or night) and great service. Speaking of service.Did I mention that we were greeted with chilled water bottles at check in? At 4 in the morning? The woman who checked us in also escorted us to the elevators, gave us a detailed description of breakfast options, and explained to us the amenities at our disposal. We get put on floor 25. Awesome room. Awesome view of the strip. Very tasteful decor, huge king bed, big couch area, small kitchenette including sink, mini-fridge, standard utensils, small stove, oven...quite nice. Bathroom was huge with TV in mirror and gigantic bathtub. The shower was extremely spacious and the bath products were great smelling (much better than the crap at PH). Really enjoyed the size of the room but I think Trump suffers because they don't have any rooms with two queen beds!!! This is a must. Overall, I was extremely impressed with the rate, service, cleanliness, and roominess of the hotel. The building itself is stunning (coated with real gold) and the rooms are impressive. A great decision for the night... A full weekend next time.
4	We booked this hotel on hotwire for a good price, although we were expecting to get something closer to the strip with a casino.  Everything turned out great though and it was actually really nice to not have to walk 5 minutes just to get to the hotel elevator and constantly inhale second hand smoke.  The location's not too far off the strip and the hotel offers courtesy shuttles to/from the wynn (until 2 am) and ceasars palace forum shops.  The hotel staff were all friendly, courteous, and helpful.  The room was spacious and came with a mini kitchen which included an electric stove, microwave, and kitchenware.  The bed was a little too soft for my taste, but we hadn't made any special requests before.  I liked the design of the restroom because it had a separate toilet area, shower and jacuzzi bathtub.  Our blowdryer and tv didn't work, but the staff quickly replaced the blowdryer when we called for another one (we didn't bother to mention the tv because who watches tv in Vegas).  Definitely would consider staying here again!
2	I used to travel to Vegas for business often, back then, I'd always stay at the Trump.  It was new, fancy, modern, the service was great and the property was well cared for.  It was perfect for the business woman - no casino, therefore no long ass walk to the car, crowds or cigarette smoke.  I wouldn't stay anywhere else!Staying here after being away for 18 months, I can definitely say things have gone downhill.  There is noticeable wear and tear everywhere.  They nickel and dimed us like crazy - i.e. in addition to the $20(+tax)/night resort fee, they wanted $1/bottle of water outside of the complimentary 2 bottles you get per day.  WIFI is included in the resort fee, but after hooking the ipad up to WIFI, service was so slow that it was unusable.  Cell service was also spotty.  Furthermore, I would hardly call the Trump a "resort".  Just because you have a pool, doesn't mean you are a resort.Next time we're staying somewhere in the City Center...If I gotta pay a resort fee anyway, I might as stay where there is a real resort!
1	Stay here if you want a quiet, serene hotel that's slightly lacking in amenities and away from the rigors of city hustle-and-bustle.In other words, stay at the Trump Las Vegas if you don't want to be in Las Vegas.
1	Horrible customer service.  When there are so many wonderful places to stay in vegas with excellent customer service, why stay at Trump?
4	Cheap rooms, super clean, and a quiet spot to go back to just off the strip. Other benefits include being just across the street from the Fashion Show Mall. complementary shuttle service too and from several of the casinos on the strip, efficient valet considering there is no self-parking service, and the staff are all polite.The decor is mostly clean, and dare I say spartan, and doesn't bombard you with ornamental tack left, right and center. That doesn't necessarily mean it succeeds in this classy modern look the Donald like to portray himself, or rather likes to think he portrays himself with, but it does show he must have taken great care as far as the image of the hotel goes.That being said, the rooms we got were mondo spacious, and the bathrooms were radical. The deep hot-tub bath works wonders as far as taking away the soreness of spending a long day walking in the blistering heat.
4	Very chic Trump! I can see why he's got the $$$$$$$$I honestly liked this hotel for being a non-casino (hence no smoking) hotel. I know people come to Vegas to gamble, but nope - I don't. The room comes with a kitchen with refrigerator, dishes & everything! A huge bathroom (shower/tub) and the pool is HUGE. It didn't feel as dirty as the over-crowded pool we had gone to at the other hotel.It is located across the Fashion Show Mall. Perfect location for some shopping!!!I can only guess that this is what it's like to live like Trump, even if it was for one night.
5	Right up my alley! New, Non smoking, and Luxury!This place is right off the strip across the street from the mall. The lobby is very open and spacious with a restaurant and bar. The breakfast at the restaurant was great! The singers performing live in the lobby bar were a great addition. I stayed in a studio 1bedroom with a cozy King bed. I enjoyed a great view of All Of The Lights. The jacuzzi tub and TV built into the mirror in the bathroom were on point.I think my favorite feature was the wall of built in shelves for books and storage. Just nice! So Nice!
4	I stayed there with 2 other girls 2 weeks ago and it was fabulous!  It was a very last minute booking but without trouble.  I really liked it being a non-smoking hotel but not boring!  No cigarette smell in the room=in my suitcase!  Upon arrival, friendly valet boy came rush to us to take our car.  There's no self-parking, only valet (5-star from the start).  Lobby was nice and gilding everywhere (in a classy way) = luxury.  We got a room on the 55th floor = vip (I honestly felt important).  It was crazy HIGH but the elevator ride was about or under 35 seconds!  The room was very nice.  Bathroom had a insert tv to the mirror.  It was great for music because the sound system was nice and could be heard throughout the room.  Big double sink, we each girl didn't have to fight for the countertop space!  Plenty of storage also, open shelves and 2 closets.  The bed was clean and seriously comfy.  It was a shame that I only got to sleep in it for 3 hours (It's vegas afterall, nobody should sleep more than 5 hours a day.)  But the best thing to me was the 4o'clock late check out!  It was very thoughtful of the hotel.  I didn't have to get up early to pack and get ready.  The only downside to me was the extra door for very 2 rooms which means you need to open 2 doors to get into your room.  While it is a good idea to block out all the noise from the hallway, however if your neighbor (next room) is hyper/drunk or has the need to get in and out 10 times a day.  The automatic shutting door (a.k.a. slamming) is really annoying.  Mr. Trump should have spent extra money to get a silencer for every door.  That would have been 5-star all the way!
5	So we went to Surrender at Encore and were trying to catch a cab but the line was ridiculous so we decide to walk across the street to the little strip mall...bad idea no cabs...trump is the next closest so we proceed on our journey mean while the trump shuttle busts a U and says are you guys going to the Trump.  Why yes we say who doesnt love a free ride.  We get there he hooks us up with a suburban and drives up back to our hotel all for free.  We tipped him about $40 for his help but u cant beat that service.  I think the shuttle driver gave him the impression we were staying there and we didnt confirm nor deny.  But talk about service. Will def consider staying here next time!!
3	Well decorated modern and spacious rooms with kitchenettes and views of the strip. We booked this place through our favorite name-your-own-price website for $80 which made our stay sweeter. The pool was great for my kids. The hotel is right across the street from the Fashion Show Mall. Overall the hotel was nice, but not at rack rate. I'd much rather stay elsewhere.
5	Stayed here for the last day of my Birthday Weekend and was made a fan! The hotel is very elegant and super chic!  - Check in was lovely, and Camille at the front desk was lovelier! We had just rushed checked out of ARIA and was looking a hot mess practically fresh from bed head and Camille was so sweet, courteous, and friendly! Even offering us a 4pm late check out before we even asked due to us telling her about ARIA's 12:30 late check out. - Lobby was beautiful and smelled amazingly fragrant! Kudos to the Donald (as my handsome love would say) and I want those Chandeliers! - Rooms were super spacious and very tastefully done! Loved the subtle colors and beige tones. - Bathroom was the best bathroom ever. Super big and those Jacuzzi tubs?????? My fella did not want to get out! practically fell asleep in it!   - Room service was yummy too! Thanks Tita Alma!- It's a little off strip unless you cut through the Fashion Show Mall but that place closes and if your walking back... goodluck! You're going to have to walk through some "deserted like" roads to access the hotel. there's always a TAXI tho. Overall great place to stay... looking forward to staying again!
5	The junior suite was what I would've imagine my New York posh loft to look like.  It was an amazing room, and if taking the whole bed was free, I would've loaded the car with it right away.I was at the contemporary suites at the MGM the night before and Trump blows it out of the water.  Not having a casino definitely changes the atmosphere, made it I guess, luxurious.
1	Fortunately for non-gamblers, Las Vegas has hotels with no casinos.  However this is not the hotel that I would recommend.  My understanding is that the hotel is a financial flop -- gaming license rejected, real estate market crushed plans for more towers and time share sales.Thus, the hotel is left with an insufficient budget. Don't expect to get any form of accommodations from this hotel.  I suspect that the staff was not able to get jobs at the true 4-star hotels.  The clientele is low-class.My experience included a drunk guest who rang the door bell to my suite at 3:00 a.m. claiming that his girlfriend was in my room.  After having to physically escort him to the front desk, he returned to my room less than 15 minutes later looking for his girlfriend again.  After a brief scuffle and again escorting the drunk guest to the front desk, I was greeted by 2 security thugs at my room accusing me of "beating up" another guest.The next day, my son and I fell ill to food poisoning (no kidding...you can't make this stuff up!)  I suspect is was from the previous night's room service.Note to the Trump..."YOU'RE FIRED!"
2	The stove was broken in our room. We had two rooms reserved, but the hotel couldn't even put us in the same suite unit. The front desk was slow and didn't know how to break a large bill. I guess I just expected a little more from the Trump Hotel but was let down. There were some positive points about this place such as the smoke-free environment and the TV on the bathroom mirror. But I don't know if I would stay here again if I come back to Vegas.
2	my husband and i wanted to get away and spend a night in las vegas... we'd never been to trump hotel so we wanted to see what it was like.i have to say, i was a bit disappointed.there are a few pros to the hotel: non-smoking, no casino (if you want a quiet environment), mini kitchenette, bottled water, nice bathroom w/bathtub and cool t.v. in mirror.otherwise, the room itself didn't meet my expectations.  when i had booked it online, i thought i was getting a "city view" of the strip.  and that was the name of the room when i had reserved it.  unfortunately, when we had checked in, i was told to get the actual city view, it would be an additional $20.  huh??  so we also heard that stupid train during the night..... ugh!the kitchenette was nice and convenient.  only... our fridge was never cold and the coffee maker was broken.  on top of which, one of the bedside lamp switches were broken too.  bummer.  i called the front desk and told them about the problems in the room.  but no one ever came while we were there... granted, it was only one night.  the bed itself was a little too soft and cramped for my taste.  if you have a bad back like me, the soft bed mattress cover isn't for you.  and the outdoor pool was a little bit smaller than i expected.  if we had a choice, i probably wouldn't go back.  i thoroughly liked the encore hotel a lot better.  sorry, mr. trump.   :T
4	So from arriving to the hotel to leaving I had the best service and experience. I was upgraded to a one bedroom suite when I arrived because they were full... NICE!...and I like that when you pay the resort fee you get free bottles of water, shuttle service, wi-fi, and use of the spa to exercise. Usually you have to pay for all of these separately plus the resort fee, but not here. Hey, if they are going to charge you for it, might as well see what your paying for. The rooms still looked like they opened yesterday, very clean. Bathroom was huge and both bathrooms had showers, very nice. If my kids were with me, this would have saved a lot of time and arguments. The only bad thing I can comment on is that the hot water wasn't very hot, in fact one morning it was only luke warm. Not what you would expect from a big hotel. Be advised this hotel has no Casino and is non-smoking, which I didn't care about because I don't smoke and didn't miss the casino with the Wynn right down the street. In fact the shuttle will take you right to it's front door or to the Caesars Palace Forum Shops. Makes getting around to the strip easier because the Trump Towers are not on the strip, they are about two blocks west of the main strip and next to the Fashion Mall. Taxi to the airport will cost you $17.00, one to Monte Carlo or Aria will cost you about $10. Hope this helps and I would definitely recommend staying here...
5	Pleasantly surprised! This review is based off getting the room through one of those discount websites (Priceline I think?), so we didn't pay full price for the room - which I hear is... well... a lot.Even though it's a bit removed from the strip (just a bit) it wasn't so far that we had to cab it anywhere. And honestly, it was nice to be a little removed from all the noise and people (hi, I'm 80). Also happy there was no casino and no smoking. Props Mr. Trump!The entrance was pretty, check in was seamless, and the room was NICE. I wasn't expecting a whole little kitchen area, but there it was - full of fancy, tiny appliances (Sub Zero, Wolf, William Sonoma...). And get this - there was a TV IN THE BATHROOM MIRROR. Come on, that's pretty swank. We were only there for one night, so I didn't get to fully enjoy the jetted tub, or the kitchenette, or the pool.  I would definitely stay there again though (but only at a discount). Nice decor. Nice staff. Good location. The Apprentice.
5	great staff all around. only exception was at the pool this am. poor service,took an hour to flag down the waitress. maybe just a bad day for her. all else great. perfect place to come back to after a long night out. Good to have a place to wash the of the dirt smut of the strip. Full of class and a considerate staff. Great jacuzzi tub, a place with class amongst a places with little class. Very nice hotel simple and  very upscale.
5	My husband and I stayed here for our 2nd anniversary. We loved this place! Luckily they were offering a travelzoo promotion where it was $89/week night and $110/weekend night, otherwise, based on price alone, we would have never considered staying here. We like the fact that there is no casino on the premises. No annoying cigarette smoke and having to walk past slot machine after slot machine to get to the elevators. Instead, the hotel lobby was shiny, spacious and glamourous. There's a piano player in the lobby and a nice quiet restaurant. The hotel staff that checked us in were very accomodating. We took a flight that arrived at 8:30am in to Vegas and my husband and I were prepared to just ditch our luggage at the hotel and wander the strip until they let us check it (figuring it wouldn't be until about 4pm); however, Janet* was wonderful and was able to check us in at 9am! They also upgraded us to a strip view from city view for free after we mentioned that it was our anniversary. What a great start to our little vacation! We got to take a little nap and get a head start on our anniversary activities =). The bed was so comfortable, I never wanted to leave. There's a little kitchenette in each room that almost makes you imagine for a second that you might want to live there. All the furniture is modern and the colors are very elegants and tastefully selected. The bathroom was very spacious although I wish we had more time to use the jacuzzi tub. They have gym that is never crowded. I think the 3 times I was there during our stay there were only 2 other people there at the same time. The spa was excellent and very private. I think we must have gone on weekend that wasn't busy because I felt like I had the whole spa to myself! The sauna and steam room were completely empty for the 3 hours I spent there. Roxanne was a great massage therapist and was so kind to listen to me vent about my stresses back at home. oh fyi, if you book a service, just pay for it at the spa because if you charge it to the room, they tack on an extra 18% for the convenience fee. The hotel offers free shuttles to Ceasars and the Wynn. I think they stop running to Ceasars at midnight and the the Wynn at 2am but they are both within walking distance. And to end on a good note, on our last day there, they allowed us a late check out at 4pm when it's usually 11am, no questions asked. Just a great place to stay.
4	Honestly, the hotel is GORGEOUS. And I was extraordinarily surprised at the basic studio room. It's probably the only hotel I've ever stayed at where the online pictures actually reflect reality.The staff is extremely friendly, and DJT is devine (especially the $20 breakfast buffet -- AMAZING!).Very close to the Strip and has free shuttles to Caesar's Forum Shoppes and the Wynn (very convenient!). It is a GREAT hotel to stay at if you want to spend less and get more. I am not the type to attend huge pool parties and I hate walking through casinos, though I do love the Vegas nightlife (and this hotel is perfect if you're like me).One sidenote: use caution when it comes to upgrades and fees. Vegas is notorious for resort fees, and this hotel is no different. If you want to upgrade your room (say from a city view to a strip view), beware about additional fees. The staff might tell you one thing, but your card may be charged extra. Just make sure you understand ALL of the expenditure up front before you try booking through the hotel directly.
4	Check in was quick and easy, some casino/hotels the wait can be horrendous. It's a no-smoking facility so the brief wait to check in was fine. Curbside service, through check in was great. The bellman who brought my luggage, however, was not appreciative of my tip. Getting the car in/out of valet was smooth and easy.The room was well appointed, but not quite as well designed as The Signature, which is my benchmark for the Vegas Strip. The bathroom is huge and beautiful, but the glassed in "water closet" seems a bit hazardous if one uses it in the middle of the night. A shuttle to Cesars and Encore make it convenient, even if it's off the strip a block.I would stay here again.
4	We stayed at The Trump in August 2011.  I don't even know where to begin with how much we loved this hotel!  We chose Trump because we have children and didn't want to be in a casino hotel.  This was far enough from the strip, but not too far.  It turned out to be the perfect location for us.Everyone at Trump was extremely friendly and accomodating.  From the moment we pulled up, until it was time for check-out we were greeted with professional, smiling staff.  The room was clean and comfortable.We had birthday cookies and a pitcher of cold milk sent to our room for our daughter and they were big, warm, and DELICIOUS!The bed was so comfortable I layed down and was instantly asleep.  I think that's the first time I've slept without tossing and turning in years!While the main bed was fantastic, the pull-out sofa bed was horrible.  That thing was super uncomfortable, even for the kids!  That's the only improvement they could make to the room and if you aren't using the sofa bed, you're going to love it there!
5	i have stayed in many of the hotels on the strip. this is one of my favorites PERIOD. I love gambling, but I love coming back to an 4-5 star hotel after a long night of gambling/partying/shopping  that has no slot machines/tables and is also smoke free.their bell service is phenominal along with their front desk. check in was very quick. after my girl and I checked in, we immediately got a call from the front desk if we had found our accomodations to our liking and to let them know if we had any problems.it's convenient that there's also a shuttle from TRUMP to wynn/caesars throughout the daynight.even their standard rooms have a stove, fridge, microwave, coffee maker, full size closets, beautiful bathroom/shower.cons: theres a loud train that comes by late at night. nothing you can do about it.
5	I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel a couple months back. The rooms are really nice, and the front desk reserved adjacent rooms for my group, which made it really convenient for us. The two rooms have their own private entrance. The room was very comfortable, and had plenty of amenities to keep your stay enjoyable. We did have a blonde moment on how to turn on the stove, so we had to call the operator to figure out how to make it functional. I found the tub/shower a little difficult to get in and out of. Our friends had a walk-in shower in their room, but we didnt. Odd. Other than that, pleasant service, free valet + tip, free shuttle service to Encore/Wynn, and overall a nice experience. The strip is just one block away, so you could easily walk to Las Vegas Blvd without feeling winded.
4	The facility is great.  We notified the front desk that it was my birthday and they upgraded our room for free.  A BEAUTIFUL suite!  2 bathrooms, a full kitchen, a huge living room, and a spacious bedroom. The master bathroom was HUGE!  A TV inside the mirror, there was a stand in shower big enough to hold 4 people, a jacuzzi big enough for multiple people and a toilet with a closing door.The only reason I won't give it a 5 star rating is because there is no self parking.  It's strictly valet, and it's annoying to shell out money tipping the attendants every time you need your car.But considering the upgrade for free, I can't complain considering that we booked it through Hotwire.com and got a great price.If you like tranquillity, this is your place.  It's off the strip, so there isn't much foot traffic. There's no casino attached, so you don't have to get plumes of cigarette smoke hitting you as you're walking through the lobby.Easily my all-time favorite place to stay in Vegas!
4	We have stayed here twice; like it for location near Fashion Square and shuttle to Caesar's and Wynn. Gym is great; pool is clean. The studios are spacious with plenty of storage space. Includes a galley kitchen if you so desire to bring in your own food. Happy hour deals at the bar are a great deal; decent wines and beer for great price. Staff is friendly and accommodating. One complaint - our room was not cleaned the last day we were there, even when we called while heading out for the evening. No service recovery, except an apology e-mail. Hmmm - disappointing for a Trump property. Ask for the strip view room - much better view. Overall - great place to stay if you like non-smoking and don't mind no casino! Great deal for business trip!!
1	The Trump International Hotel was a sheer disappointment.  This place left a bad taste in my mouth and I'm not sure if I will ever stay at a Trump hotel again.  This was the first time, to my knowledge, that I have stayed at a Trump Hotel and I had high expectations.  They claim to be a five star establishment and I strongly disagree.  If you are in Las Vegas for the sole purpose of business, then maybe it will satisfy you.  If you are coming to Vegas for Vegas, then stay away from this place.  There is no casino, no night club, and no smoking.  TRANSLATION: The place is dead and boring!  The room was okay, I would compare it to one of the better hotel chains like the Doubletree or Hilton.  In comparison to most high-end Casino/Hotel rooms like the Palazzo, the room accomodations here look like a cheap Motel 6 room.  Their standard rooms only come with one king bed, and a very uncomfortable sofa pullout bed.  We asked the front desk if we could get an upgraded room with two beds, since I am male and I don't like sleeping with my male friend.  Hotwire books you the room without a bed preference.  They said the only rooms that had more than one bed were their penthouses and they are reserved.  They were really snobby about it too.THIS PLACE IS NOT ON THE STRIP, ALTHOUGH HOTWIRE WILL SELL YOU A ROOM THERE AND SAY ITS ON THE NORTH END OF THE STRIP.  IF YOU WANT TO VISIT THE STRIP, EXPECT TO DRIVE, , TAKE A LONG WALK, PAY FOR A CAB, OR ATTEMPT TO GET ON THEIR RIDICULOUS SHUTTLE.  There is one pool and one jacuzzi for the entire hotel.  The pool/jacuzzi is open from something like 8am-5pm which is utterly ridiculous.  The service, from the housekeeping to the front desk, was terrible!  There was no bedding for the pull out bed and we had to make repeated phone calls for about 45 minutes (seriously) to get the bedding.  This happened at the end of the night when we were ready to sleep.  We had to make a few other calls regarding problems with the room and went through the same thing.  There is no self parking, therefore forcing you to valet your vehicle and pay every time you get it in or out.  The resort fee is crazy!  How is this a resort?  Maybe because they give you two complimentary bottled waters and they have an expensive spa? There is a complimentary shuttle, which is actually a mini-van, that will transport you to The Wynn or the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace.  This "shuttle" runs from 9am-midnight.  The line is always long and you will never know how long you will have to wait.  If the shuttle fills up, you have to wait for the next one.  Also, keep in mind, the Forum Shops entrance is all the way at the back of Caesars Palace and the Wynn is not on the strip either.  SO ANNOYING!    I WILL NEVER, NEVER, NEVER, GO BACK TO THIS HOTEL AGAIN.  I visit Las Vegas on a regular basis and I will actually be afraid to use Hotwire again for fear I will get this hotel.
4	Las Vegas is my least favorite destination, however, this hotel offers NO SMOKING and NO CASINO which sold me.  Very classy, very friendly staff,large beautiful rooms, My only complaint is the obnoxious resort fees that most hotels charge these days.  Wanted to go sit in the steam room, they informed me it would cost $12, even though they charge $25 per day resort fees , no thanks... thought the " fees" cover that.
4	I did my research and wanted to stay at a Hotel that had no casino, no smoking, a gym, pool, spa, and really comfy beds. The Trump International Hotel had all this and more. Room service was good, not great, but good enough. Breakfast was always quick and service was really good. The rooms were kept clean and the little kitchen area gave you the option to prepare your own food, if you wished. The bathrooms are one of the best parts. We had two in our room. The master being an awesome room that included a huge jacuzzi tub, a separate giant glass enclosed shower, his and her sinks, as well as a commode with a privacy door. The giant mirror that stretches across the bathroom sinks wall had a TV in the middle of it. Everything worked out great. Towels towels and more towels for every part of your body. The robes were also a really nice touch. We had 2 separate his and hers closets in our room, and also a dresser and two night tables. Not to mention the bed was so comfy, it made it hard to ever want to get up. I don't know how many geese were used to make this bed set they had, but it was worth every feather. I could have slept for days in that thing. Made me change the way I looked at my bed in my apartment when I returned home. The pool deck had a indoor bar and table area. They had big screen TVs with the games on during lunch. Check for pool times during the day, I know they are closed sometimes for cleaning. This Hotel is great, it's located right across from a mall, where you can shop or grab food. It's literally right around the corner from the strip. They have shuttles that go to the Wynn. We loved the local spots around us and would have this on the top of our list for next time we return.
5	LOVE this place, we own two units in the building and its perfect for every time that we are in Vegas. I LOVE the level of service that the Trump has and enjoy it every time I'm in town. Our units are corner units on the 50&51st floor, when we wake up and see the beautiful Vegas mountains it feels sooo nice! The fact that there are two bathrooms in each room is PERFECT, for when i want to get ready and the husband wants to take a dump haha. The Trump is luxery all the way. Wish we had one in Orlando so that I could live there!!
5	Best hotel I've ever been in. Ever! The Trump is just a hotel. No restaurants or casinos and its not on the strip but I would stay here again for many other reasons.I got a deal from Travelzoo, so we paid $300 for two nights. That's including fees and everything. For the price I didn't expect much, I knew it was a nice hotel because it was new... but I was quite surprised. IT'S BEAUTIFUL. The bathrooms and the rooms itself are huge, very spacious. The studio itself can probably fit five people COMFORTABLY. With A LOT of room to wiggle.Our studio had a kitchenette in it, everyday we get two free water bottles and coffee. (I heard some places had to pay for their coffee, RIDIC!)FREE VALET!!!! For however long you want. We drove down from Cali, so this was a PLUS!Although not on the strip, the Trump offers a FREE shuttle to the strip. Takes about five minutes to get there.Concierge told us the shuttles come about every 10-15 minutes, but whenever I had to catch it, I never waited more than a minute. If you REALLY wanted to You could walk, it'd take about 15-20 minutes. I did it one night.Unless the price changes dramatically, this will be the go to place whenever I come to Vegas now!
4	We stayed here for two nights (Fri and Sat) in mid-August.  The room we stayed in was the City View Studio on the 19th floor.  I priceline-bid the rooms for $150 each and requested them to be adjacent to each other - the customer service rep was very helpful in ensuring that our two rooms were next to each other.  Our group was a younger crowd, and since the only clubs we were thinking about going to were in the Encore, the location of the Trump worked out to our advantage.  The walking distance to the Wynn/Encore was not bad at all (about 3 blocks) and there was also a shuttle that conveniently took you to the Wynn and other hotels along the Strip. The service throughout the weekend was great for the most part, with a couple mishaps.  After our first night I requested that we have the rooms cleaned (because we had the do not disturb sign on throughout the morning) but when we got back from browsing the strip that evening nothing had been cleaned.  On top of that, we ordered some pizza one night and never actually received it (good thing I ordered to pay with cash!).  This was mainly because 1) the Trump does not allow delivery people into the hotel and 2) there was such bad cell phone reception inside/throughout the hotel that the delivery guy was never able to reach me.  As a result we had to head over to Peppermill towards the north Strip to eat late night diner food.Another thing that sucked was the valet parking, which was "complimentary" and required.  Nevertheless, the wait was on average 20-25 minutes, which was pretty horrible sometimes in the hot weather and only semi-shaded seating areas they got there.  One last downside was the fact that there was no casino in the hotel.  This is more an issue of preference, but since a good amount of people from our group wanted to gamble the distance plus the long wait for valet made it somewhat difficult to get to casinos in a timely manner.  Overall, the Trump was definitely worth it for the price - the studio rooms are nicely furnished with a kitchenette, a fold-out queen sofabed and a very comfortable king size bed.  The bathroom had spacious shower and sink areas with small plasma TVs in the mirrors - a nice touch to the rest of the studio.  The attendants are all very friendly and helpful as well.  I would definitely recommend this hotel to families and couples that are looking to stay at a clean, relaxing place close to the Strip, but less so to larger groups or anyone that wants to enjoy more of what the Strip has to offer.
5	We were booked four (Thur-Sunday) nights, originally in a regular room.  We lucked out on a luxury suite with a strip view on the 58th floor by being upgraded free for my birthday.   That definitely made the entire first-time experience in Vegas worth it!  The hotel has a pool deck with a cafe/restaurant H2eau, fitness center, which we didn't not utilize but was nice to have.  The pool area is very very nice, the pool is kind of small for a large hotel this size but the seating and lay-out areas were plenty to catch some sun.  We also didn't get to use this feature due to chilly weather in November.  Our suite had a small kitchenette, microwave, and fridge stocked with two bottles of water, and large enough to put our own drinks or food in.  The closets light up automatically and have two doors per closet... (yes two closets!)  Plenty of drawer space to put away clothes and belongings.  I was a bit disappointed that our cocktail shaker didn't have a top and that our room was missing bath robes and slippers.  No big, the staff was always very friendly and courteous in helping us get what we needed.  The shuttles only go to the Whynn Hotel Resort and to the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops.  However, if planned correctly you can always go to the Caesar's and walk on to the Bellagio or Planet Hollywood areas.  If not, you have to hop a cab from one of the resorts on the strip.  I recommend using Bell Trans shuttle for transport to and from the airport.  If you have questions, you can also ask your shuttle drivers at the Trump about destinations on the strip.  Oh, not to mention the bathrooms in the suites have a jacuzzi!!!!!!  Nice plus to help you relax and rub down your sore feet after a night out on the town.  I would definitely come to the Trump Las Vegas again, where there is value and luxury environment.  It's also directly across the street from the Fashion Show mall, so you're a hop, and a skip away from great shopping nearby.  A taxi from the airport will be approximately around $18-20 going locally, not on the highway.  The best way to get around from here is to take the shuttles and walk or hail a cab.  Just depends if you're willing to go for a stroll and see the sights or not.I would have loved to have tried their breakfast/ brunch near the main lobby.  I hear they have buffets set up on certain busy days.  We never quite got up early enough for this.
4	We just had a very nice stay at Trump, thanks to Priceline.  I confess we got this hotel due to an error in bidding on my part.  I accidentally added in the North Condo zone, and had an absolute hissy fit when I realized what I had done.   That being said there are some real pluses to staying here, and the price for a 5-star was pretty darn good, especially since it included a Saturday night.    Plus 1:  Much easier for a cab driver to get there and drop you off than a strip hotel.  We arrived on a very busy Saturday and the cab line looked like a popular Disney World ride queue.  Traffic was busy, yet we arrived quickly.   Plus 2:  Fast fast fast check-in.  NO wait at a prime afternoon check-in time. Friendly too, with no snooty attitude that one can sometimes encounter when checking in prepaid via Priceline.   Plus 3:  EASY, SHORT walk to your room.  A rarity in Vegas.  Save the miles for strip-walking.  (we sure did plenty of that, so being able to quickly get to our room when we got back each day was nice!)   Plus 4:  Rooms are two per suite area, so you have the added security of an extra door.  Plus  5:  JACUZZI.  Not just a boring big tub.  (let bubble bath search commence...but remember to only use a TEENY bit).   Plus 6:   Fridge (and other kitchen things that would only be a plus imho if we were staying longer than 3 nights).    Plus7:  Buttons by door that you can use to indicate privacy or housekeeping.  Very classy and worked like a charm.  Plus 8:  Room service.  Top-notch.  Friendly.  Quick.  And surprisingly less expensive than I've seen in hotels in Vegas and other cities. We ordered a burger one night and it was good, with waffle fries, came with cute little bottles of mustard, ketchup and a teeny tiny Tabasco!  We had them bring up a corkscrew also, which we were surprised wasn't already in the room.   Plus 9:  Courtesy Shuttle.  We NEVER had to wait more than 2 minutes for it.  Drivers were very friendly.  Took us to either the Encore or a very convenient location at the Forum Shoppes.  (underground, with an escalator that comes out right in front of Spago). Never ever had such quick, friendly shuttle service at a hotel anywhere before!  Plus 10:  Location isn't bad anyway.  Cross the street (be careful) and you are in the Fashion Mall  and on your way to wherever you want to go.  Note that there is an ABC store in the mall that has wine, munchies, sparkling water...pretty much anything you might need. Also note that when you come out of the mall on Las Vegas Blvd, that is where the Tix 4 Tonite booth is so you can see if you want any discount tix or meal discounts.  We bought Absinthe tix there, saved money on it, and the show was very entertaining!   Plus 11:  Housekeeping...excellent!  Bless their hearts (see minuses 2-10 below)    Minus 1:  No robes in room.  (easily rectified by a call to the front desk, also had extra towels brought up in anticipation of jacuzzi usage).  Minus 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10:  The TOILET.  We HATED this toilet.  You can't tell me that Donald Trump or anyone in his family have ever used this toilet or one like it.  Heck our old ones here at home are considerably better.  It was the WORST toilet we have EVER had to deal with.  Now even though it was supposed to be Trump opulence, we didn't expect a golden throne or anything, but this porcelain puny had a plastic lid (no big deal, but unexpected in a 5-star).... the PROBLEM was that it would barely flush.  I realize the idea is to save energy, water, etc., but how much of a savings is it when you have to flush 3 times (waiting in between each time for the tank to fill up)?  Not only was the suckage power non-existent, but there was no water that would go around the basin, making flushing fairly useless, beyond frustrating and flat-out embarrassing at times.  God help Housekeeping here!  (Hope everyone believes in tipping Housekeeping like we do).   Minus 11:  The view. If you get "city view" like we did, it means a view of the Erotic Heritage Museum (which doesn't seem to get any traffic), and other such lovely landmarks.  Not a biggie to us as we didn't spend much time in the room, but if it's important to you ask for a different view.    Minus 12:  The train.  I'm only putting this as a minus because I know it would bother a lot of folks.  To us having spent a year and a half dealing with downtown DC noises, it was no big deal.  But yes it would wake us up several times each night.   Overall impressions...this hotel feels more like 4 stars than 5. Whereas service was definitely 5-star in all regards (front desk, housekeeping, shuttle drivers, room service, security guard in lobby)... furniture, bedding, etc. was more 4-star than 5.  Toilet alone makes it impossible to rate it a 5.  It feels like a 4-star hotel that could be in any city anywhere.  There's nothing that cries out VEGAS RESORT.  And THAT is a plus or minus depending on how you look at it.
4	Nice roomy bathrooms, good for families, absolutely no AT&T service here but I didn't mind. It gets old quickly constantly being asked for your trump card to get to your room. Nice place. Will stay he again. Service of th people here is great.
5	Just stayed at the nicest room ever in Vegas.  Everything was top notch.  Our suite had a kitchen, two bathrooms (one small bathroom and one huge master bathroom-TV in mirror and jacuzzi tub), large comfortable king sized bed, big living room/dining area.  The room had it all.  Close to the main strip but not too close.  The hotel is about half a block from Las Vegas Blvd.  Take note.  The hotel does not have gaming.  The good thing about that is there wasn't any riff raff hanging around.The view from our room was cool.  We had a corner room on the 21st floor.  We could see the pool area, the main strip and seedier parts of Vegas (ie. strip clubs) If I can manage it.  I will stay here every time.  Period.  Trump does it right.
4	Just spent the weekend at The Trump, and yes The Don's signature is all over it. From the bright gold windows that cast a glow over the neighboring mall to the upper management with thick New York accents. At the moment the doormen (another East Coast thing) open the doors for you, you are hit with a distinct, but pleasant aroma that soon becomes familiar. Although some Vegas hotels have enormous check-in lines, we were assisted immediately by extremely friendly staff members. I booked the room at a very friendly 119 dollar/night rate on Expedia and was hoping I could get a free upgrade to a Strip view room, but was politely informed that that kind of upgrade on a busy weekend would run 25 extra bucks per night. I'm sure if I slipped her 20 bucks I might have gotten some results, but I tend to feel entitled to things like that. Despite the mandatory resort fee of 19.95 per night, I went for it anyways and was glad I did. Our view from the 48th floor was intoxicating. The standard studio is large and well furnished. The rooms include a kitchenette, with a fridge, microwave, stovetop, and sink. A small amount of dishes and utensils are also supplied. There is space enough for a small living room  and full size desk beside the king bed and flat screen. The bathroom is also large, highlighted by a gigantic jacuzzi tub and a tv in the mirror. I've heard some people complain about the mandatory resort fee. The 20 bucks goes toward free bottled water in the room, internet access, pool and gym, and free shuttles to either the Wynn or The Forum Shops at Caesar's. I'm sure it includes more, but worth it for 20 bucks. If I can lock a decent price again I will definitely be back. I Look forward to trying the restaurant and the pool. Who cares if it doesn't have a casino.
5	Still one of my favorite places to stay.  I stayed here last year for my birthday and got a free upgrade to a strip view.  This year, I wasn't so lucky even though it was my birthday, however, their service was wonderful.  Trump has this elegant classiness that makes it feel luxurious to stay here.  ...I felt bad that I had to continually asking for more and more towels, water, blankets, pillows and toilet paper (We had four girls in the room!).  But each time, the service was prompt and wonderful.  The doormen were always courteous and smiled every time they opened the door for us.  I just felt it was funny that they only replenish two bottles of water daily when we pay for the resort fee when they also know there are four people in the room.
5	I'm not sure what they pump in the vents at Trump...but it freaking smells AMAZING. A mixture of flowers and heaven. We speculate it has to do with the fact that there isn't a casino there...i.e. no gamblers sweating it out 24/7, no cigar/cigarette smoke, etc.The decor is simple and elegant and love the big crystal columns in the lobby. The beds are really comfortable, especially if you're hungover, or if you're Valerie G., the chair will suffice as well.Seriously Donald, you outdid yourself with this one.
5	Best place to stay in Las Vegas if you are searching for a classy place with great views and wonderful service. Outstanding!
1	For my trip to Vegas, I made hotel reservations through Hotwire and paid for a 5 star hotel.  The hotel "selected" for me was the Trump Tower.  Let me tell you, I will not be using Hotwire ever again.  Below is my experience.  And yes, Donald...YOUR FIRED!Day 1Requested and paid for an upgrade to one bedroom apartment.  Upon entering, the first thing we noticed was Ikea quality cabinetry and furniture.  There was a small, nicked up dining table and chairs.  One chair's leg was two inches shorter than the other three, so it wobbled to the point of being useless.Large carpet stain by the entrance.Day 2Pressed the "Do Not Disturb" button.  That didn't do much good.  Housekeeping knocked on the door at about 10:00 AM.  Ran water in the kitchen sink.  A foul smell seeped out from the drain.Day 3Pressed the "Do Not Disturb" button again.  Same results.  My wife shampooed her hair.  No hair dryer.  Called the front desk requesting one.  15 minutes later, called again.  Finally, someone showed up.Day 4Tested and checked the "Do Not Disturb" light outside the room.  It wasn't working, so I pointed out the problem to housekeeping.  No one came by to fix it.Day 5Ran the sink water again.  Same foul smell.  This time I tried to run the garbage disposal, which didn't work.  I found the reset button on the bottom of the disposal unit and reset it.  Tried to run it, but it was jammed and tripped the circuit breaker again.Went out for the day.  Came back at midnight.  Did NOT press the Do Not Disturb button.  This time, housekeeping didn't show up at all!  Checkout dayThe woman at the front desk asked if we had a nice stay and I told her that it was not nice at all and I informed her of everything that went wrong.  She then told me that had I reported these things, they would have been taken care of.  I replied that I had in fact let housekeeping know that the Do Not Disturb light did not work, and that didn't get fixed.  I also mentioned to her that she didn't write down anything that I just told her, so I doubt the hotel would do anything about the issues.She then said she would see if the hotel manager would waive the $20 per day "resort fee" (nice hidden tax that isn't mentioned by Hotwire).  So after talking to the manager, she said he'd take of $50 from our bill.  At that point, I told her I would never be staying at a Trump property again, and she replied, "Do you still want us to take off the $50?"Trump hinted he could run the United States.  He can't handle running a hotel.
5	Loved my stay here. In the future, I hope I can always stay here instead of on the Strip (if I can afford it :)). It's definitely a nice retreat after a day out on the bustling strip. In my opinion, the free valet parking, free wifi, and bottles of water make it REALLY stand out as a hotel that emphasizes on a pleasant experience for the customer. The fitness center was well-equipped and clean, and I was glad that complimentary earphones are provided for watching TV on the machines since I hadn't thought to bring mine. The pull-out sofa beds are also a huge plus if you are there with a group. I used their tea kettle (Le Creuset!) to heat up water in the morning and the fridge kept our leftovers fresh.Little things here and there weren't perfect - no robes in the room, no newspaper on the first morning, and lights in closets didn't work - but they were all extremely minor things that I didn't care about enough to call. The positives definitely outweigh and it was a great experience.
4	Great suite. Great service. Loved the Valet crew. Across from Fashion show shopping mall. Fresh flowers everywhere and the hotel smells great at every turn.Great for kids because no casino, no smoking and low occupancy rate.What's up with the single 24-in TV at the bar? What are you thinking Donald?
5	I booked 2 rooms at this hotel on a Thursday night for $80 through Priceline and when we arrived I felt like a genius. To backtrack, my mother and father are not gamblers, are in fact contemptuous of Las Vegas -- they were merely in Las Vegas to gather their wits to fly home, after spending a few days prior at Death Valley. The front desk service was great, they upgraded us to Strip views. No charge; we merely mentioned we were exhausted. And the rooms were far and above the usual rooms (MGM, Planet Holleywood, Mandalay Bay, not to mention the lesser hotels such as Luxor). Great, plush furniture; coffee in the room; fantastic views; and a flat-screen television. The kicker though: A TV in the mirror in the bathroom! Finally the treatment I deserve; a man's lavatory should be his castle. Yes, you can't gamble at the Trump. (In Las Vegas, does anything say class than not being able to gamble at your own hotel?)You also feel safe there -- like a twenty-something jackass with a brazen handle of Jack Daniel's wouldn't make it 10 paces into the place, hotel card-key or not. Trump charges a resort fee; so does every other hotel/casino in Las Vegas.
4	Clean, good service and best of all it's a non smoking hotel!!! It's doesn't have a casino which is not bad bc there is one across the rd. Rooms are huge and bathrooms are nice! Would def go back
1	I enjoyed a recent stay at the Vdara and was hoping that Trump would feel the same way!  Too bad I was wrong about that. Let me start of with the positive things about the hotel: the rooms were spacious, clean and nice and the food was good. The bathrooms were large!  On the negative side:  This hotel left me wondering if it was really a five star hotel. There are no robes in the room.  The pool closes at 5pm. When you press the room service button on the phone the front desk responds (leaving me feeling like the hotel is understaffed since this happened on more than one time). There is almost no cell service and the t.v barely works.  However, I give this hotel only one star for the poor location and lack of amenities in the hotel alone (there is only one lobby hotel that sells trump t-shirts).  This hotel requires you to take a taxi almost anywhere you are going In fact, even if you want to walk to the Wynn you realize that you have to walk on the street to do so since there are no side walks.  The hotel is quiet but too quiet really. You kinda feel like you thought that you were going to Vegas but ended up somewhere else instead. If you wanna go to Vegas to sit in your room for much of your stay (or take taxis everywhere you go...which gets expensive) this may be the place for you. However, if you wanna feel like you are in the action  than this not for you.  Plus, the shuttles between Wynn and Trump stop running at midnight during the week (wait....we are in Vegas still right?). This place may be ideal for a business traveler.  But for now...all that I can say is: Donald you're fired!  I would prefer to spend my money somewhere else.
5	It was a nice experience to be here the first night in Vegas.  Very beautiful lobby, no casino I think makes it relaxing. The room had double doors to enter then had a private hallway entrance sharing it with another room. made it very quiet. had view of Fashion show mall and a ton of palm trees. I decided to veg out the night I stayed there and not go out on the town had a marathon race the next day to. Very comfortable studio suite living area kitchen, big bathroom shower. Very modern and clean Marble in bathroom, giant jaccuzzi, tv in mirror good sound. Very relaxing. Ordered the potroast was very hearty and plenty, had a chicken noodle soup very tasty and a ice cream sundae was great to. when I come back to Vegas I will be sure to come back. they charge a 20 dollar a day resort fee for internet and health club and parking.
5	After my penthouse suite (and site of my wedding on 11/11//11) at THEhotel was given away to Manny Pacquiao & his entourage 8hrs before the ceremony, my awesome friends booked a penthouse here instead w/ 4hrs to spare.  62nd floor (your ears popped going up the elevator), 3000sqft, seperate wings, fully functional kitchen, library, and a master suite to die for- this was SO much better than what I was supposed to have at THEhotel. Everything was impeccable: service, decor, feel, comfort, function, cleanliness.  Donald Trump knows how to make you feel like a million bucks.  Worth every penny and am forever grateful to them for saving my wedding day!
5	Trump is now my new go-to place for Vegas accommodations for the following reasons:1.) The entrance is literally directly across from Nordstrom at the Fashion Show mall. I spent more time shopping than at the gaming tables, somehow that feels wrong for a Vegas vacation.2.) The doors to the rooms consist of a double entry system: The 1st door opens into a small foyer connecting to 2 individual suites. Keeps the noise out and my precious Panda from barking at every elevator ding and random passerbyer.3.) Pet friendly! Although the rate is a bit steep ($200 per stay, max 2 dogs / 50lbs each) but since Panda is such a sweet tempered and tiny little thing, we negotiated the rate down to $100. Pet amenities included, such as doggie bowls, treats and bed.4.) 4pm checkout affords an after-lunch nap while avoiding the LA-bound traffic jam at noon. 5.) The lobby is delightfully fragranced with some sort of heavenly scent, I'm guessing a jasmine / lychee blend. If only my house smelled like this.6.) Non-gaming and most importantly...Smoke free! Now my coats can go back in my closet rather than straight to the drycleaner.7.) The view from our room was fantastic. The elevator was lightning fast, and I kept getting small bouts of motion sickness after each ride but I suppose that's a small price to pay for having such a fabulous view of the city lights.I love this place, I probably would not consider staying anywhere else from now on.
5	HaaahaaaaI had my very own Hangover moments here and from what I remembered, I had a fricken great time! lolHad our annual Christmas party slash birthday party for a homie in one of their suites 2 floors from the top.DENG, that suite was SWEEEET!!!!! Full kitchen. 2 bedrooms, 2 huuuge baths! The bathroom alone was bigger than my room. Their closets were bigger than my closets.Super soft beds and comforters! They has stand up showers and hot tub. AND the best part of big bathrooms: FREE TOILETRIES! (I like to stock up on these for travel).The only downfall of the hotel was the lack of parking structure. Valet only.
2	Charges charges charges! Please do not stay here! from tipping the lady to make ur pull out bed because they don't have double beds in the hotel room to tipping for valet because the don't have self parking to paying extra everyday to get on the strip because it's not on the strip to paying for a ridiculous resort fee of $20 per day. I have stayed at hotels in las Vegas that were on the strip that had better atmosphere amenities and best of all price even though they might not be 5 stars! Trump is basically trying to act like a 5 star hotel but they don't have the structure to back it up except for they provide all these services to you that they make u do. For example, they give u a $25 credit to their spa as part of their $20 resort fee a day, which means I probably have to spend a hundred dollars worth more in the spa just to  get my money's worth for being charged a resort fee. Furthermore, the pull out sofa bed is not 5 stars. It is very uncomfortable! Although I have to say my sister's bed which is the reg king size bed in the room is not that bad. Both me and my sisters woke up to a train this morning at 7am sat. I read this in the other reviews but one reviewer assured me this was not the case. Yes, the train does come and it is loud enough to hear it! It is loud,  but is gone in a couple of seconds, but I assure that u will wake up! Furthermore it is very close to a highway which is currently my 24 hour background noise. I can still sleep through it but its trying to fall asleep which is the problem. My advice is play it safe and stay at a hotel on the strip. If u aren't rich, but just want to have fun with ur family in Vegas this place is definitely not the place to splurge. FYI, the finishes in the room is nice and luxurious but even though this place just opened, u can see that some areas especially the tables and couches r beginning to worn out.
5	Here is my outlook on the Trump International Hotel:PRO: -Comfy ass bed complete with thick memory foam. Oh baby.-Kitchen in suite! That includes a stove and a fridge! Pretty snazzy.-Art books on the shelves to read and interesting art sculptures. CON: -NO casino. The friends that I went with wanted to stay in a hotel without a casino because of the smoke. The hotel was cool because it didnt smell like cigs, but no casino? :[ I was a sad panda. What is this asian girl supposed to do when its 3am and you cant sleep? Le sigh!-While there was a full kitchen, the toaster in our room was broken (RIP my poptart).Definitely a clean hotel and the service was great. The rooms were very spacious and well taken care of. While this is not usually my go to place when I go to vegas, it is not bad for the price. There is also a complimentary shuttle that takes you to Caesars Palace for shopping or Wynn for some gambling or clubbing.
5	Got a great deal from Travelzoo, $79/night plus $20 resort fee.  Valet was efficient, just the cost of a tip.  Check in excellent.  Room was large, with a little kitchen, and large and beautiful bathroom.  Free and fast internet, free daily newspaper delivery, and free in room coffee.  All things that are normally unheard of for that price per night.
4	To echo the positive feedback from others: The absence of a casino was refreshing - no noise or smoke; the bed was SPECTACULAR; the tub was huge; and the kitchen was a nice convenience. Also, the costumer service was exceptional. There was no wait when I checked in. The front desk person pointed out the extra costs we should expect on our bill, the amenities, and even walked us to the elevator.Echoing the negatives: Trump Tower is a fifteen-minute walk away from the strip. It was annoying at night, but during the day when the Fashion show mall was open it wasn't that bad (Monday - Saturday from 9am - 10pm and Sunday from 11am to 7pm). The Nordstrom's entrance is directly across from the hotel's lobby, providing a decent short cut.Continuing on negatives, I'm surprised I didn't read more about the following:The Internet connection was hit or miss - sometimes it worked, but more often it didn't, especially on my phone.Cell phone reception was poor. This isn't necessarily the hotel's fault, but if you have AT&T and want to depend on your phone you may want to seek other accommodations.The 'extra' bathroom door was weird. Once inside the bathroom, there was a second, frosted-glass enclosure for the toilet. It was confusing - Is it for people who are comfortable sharing the bathroom and hearing but not quite seeing everything? The glass door would loudly slam shut too if you didn't pay attention to it. Finally, the TV was small, less than 30 inches. A minor issue, I suppose, but is this expected from a five star hotel?These negatives, especially the poor Internet access, led to my three star review. Since there are so many high-quality hotel options on the strip, I'll seek another during my next Vegas trip.EDIT: When I checked out, I mentioned the internet issues and the staff comped the $20 a day charge. Smooth move. Maybe I'm fickle, but surprise savings are my weakness. I've upped my three stars to four.
4	This place is gorgeous! It's got a clean, classic, yet modern look. The room was clean when we got there. They accommodated us even thought we got to the hotel before the indicated arrival time. The staff was also friendly and formal with us. The only downside is that you have to walk on a weird unpaved sidewalk (or mall loading docks on the other side of the street) to get to the strip. You can always catch a courtesy ride from hotel transportation people for free to Caesar's.
4	Las Vegas hidden gem... great place to stay.
5	The Donald sure does know how to make you feel like a million bucks!  This hotel is amazing and I love how there is no casino inside!! The staff was very friendly and attentive from check in till check out! The pool and spa are nice as hell too! If you book on hotels.com you can find some cool reasonable rates and surprisingly get some serious bang for your buck... So yea, I'll definitely be staying at the Trump again when I'm Vegas!
2	Ok, short but sweet.  The place was really nice.  Mandatory Valet kinda inconvenient but OK.  Mall across was nice.  Not a lot for the kids to do otherwise unless you drove into town.  If I had known it was pet friendly I would have had my dog.  BUT(and it's a big BUT) How come nobody here has complained about the continuous train horn blowing at 11:00 PM, 12 AM 1 AM 2AM 4AM and 6AM until you wanted to just scream WTF!  It was horrible.  45 floors up and it was just like someone left the tv on full blast right by your head.  No wonder they couldn't sell condos and had to make this a hotel.  Nobody could live there!  Maybe if you had a strip side room it wasn't so bad, but jeez, 2 nights there and I was definitely ready to go.I will never stay there again -- thank you hotwire for giving this place a 5 star and ruining the North Strip 5-Star Wynn/Encore listing -- NOT.  There's a reason Hotwire won't let you post reviews about this place on their site.
5	Unbelievable. We were offered a strip view upgrade room when we checked in and thought: What the heck. So we wound up on the 57th floor with a full on view of the strip and all of the hotels. Million dollar view. Room was just as fantastic. Jaccuzi soaking tub, Italian walk in shower, basic kitchenette, comfortable bed. About as good as it gets. We hung out at the pool on New Years eve. The hotel put on a nice party. But we wound up ordering pizza to the room to watch the fireworks and passed on partying with 500,000 our best friends on the strip. Big plus for us was no casino in the hotel so we could skip the smoke and noise. Downside is it is a 15 minute walk to the Palazzo and Venetian the nearest casino's. Diane just said; "One of the best places we have ever stayed. Donald would be pleased."
5	This hotel is nice. The staff is quite attentive, rooms were top-shelf, and it's right across the street from Fashion Show Mall.
5	I really love this hotel. One of my all-time favorites in Vegas. Best hotel that is strictly a hotel in Vegas. No Casino.  4 PM CHECKOUT People!Wynn is right across from it, less than a mile, walk so it's not so bad if you want to gamble.  Can't believe people knock it just for that...come on people don't be lazy!!! Rooms.-Rooms are all Suites, with kitchenette fully stocked, stove, dishes, fridge, Flat Screen TVs, good TV channels, nice little iPod stereo, and kept up well.  -Comfortable Bed and couches to sit in.-There is even a TV in the bathroom mirror. Yes..flush against the mirror right in the middle. -Bathroom has double sinks and is bright so when getting ready you can actually see yourself. -Have a vanity mirror. Important for getting ready. -This is a perfect hotel for the regulars and business peeps that have a system down for their Vegas experience.Other Top Reasons why.1) Customer service is exceptional2) Best smelling hotel ever. So fresh...so clean. 3) As with all hotels in Vegas, valet is free, but since it is not crazy big..wait isn't as long for the car.4) Location is right across from Fashion Show Mall...so during the day it's a quick walk over. 5) If you drive like most LA peeps and use your car to get around during the day, skip the hassle with parking valet for quick returns to the room and park in the carport across at the mall, run across to your room, do what you have to do, then walk back and quickly get into your car. Kind of convenient for the impatient people like myself.6) Starbucks, Teavana, and last minute deal tickets booth right across at Fashion Show Mall.7) Close to all the hottest clubs in Vegas. 4PM CHECKOUT!That's it...the lucky seven. Have fun people...good luck!
1	I stayed at the Trump on 1/14/12 for two nights, this hotel is overrated, I thought it was far from the strip and did not have a casino. The service was terrible, especially at the Valet (This casino is Valet only), we did not get help with our luggage when checking in, my room did not have a remore control for the TV. The decor is 80's style, this casino is definitely in a different league than Aria or Cosmopolitan.
5	The rooms are epic....the view from floor .52 corner suite will leave a memory unfetched
5	I really, really liked this hotel.  No casino and NO SMOKING!  Loooooove that after having to chew the air in places like Mirage and Harrah's.  I like this it's close enough to the Strip; Wynn is right across the street...an easy walk, or take the free Trump shuttle there.  Very nice...I really like our room; very comfy, up on the 57th floor overlooking the Encore and Wynn and looking towards the Stratosphere; the bed was totally comfy; the kitchenette w/fridge was handy; we each had our own lit closet; the bathroom was huge with a tv in the mirror.This place was awesome and we would most definitely stay there again :)BTW, I only heard the train whistle once, very muted, on only the first night.
5	We like to gamble and party pretty well in Vegas, but we loved that this place was peaceful and a close walk to wynn/venetian/ti. terrific rooms and ameneties. special shout out to the fact that i left my purse in the hotel room, which they fed ex'd back to me. where else in vegas would you get your belongings returned within a week. great customer service!
4	Disclaimer: I'm not a Vegas guy.  Not a big gambler, not a seen-and-be-seen kind of person.  View my review through that lens.Great room.  I completely prefer rooms with a kitchenette or at least a fridge.  And since I was here for 4 nights, the set up at the trump was key.  Fridge, sink, stove top if you want it and microwave.  Beyond that the room is also a nice space, with a comfortable bed and good work area.  As mentioned by at least one other reviewer, the shower door situation is a little funky.  That probably could have been designed better.Great fitness center.  There are a number of treadmills facing the pool area and a decent assortment of machines, too.  Super convenient to be across from that mall.  Walk through Nordstrom and you've got yourself a Chipotle no more than 300 yards from front door of the hotel.  Short walk to El Segundo Sol and StripBurger.Short taxi lines.  I was here 4 nights and in and out multiple times per day.  Never had to wait more than 2 minutes for a taxi.  During CES.  Only issue I had was upon check in.  I made my reservation through Booking.com and had adjusted the original reservation by adding a day.   Even though I'd done this at least four or five days before my arrival it wasn't picked up in 'their system'.  So I had to stand there while the desk guy called and faxed (yes, faxed) someone a copy of my booking.com confirmation.  Kind of a drag after flying across the country, but in the end it all got sorted.
4	No casino, no smoking, no self-parking (complimentary valet).Off the strip, but I think the lower prices really justify what you get. Even though it's considered off the strip, it's still walking distance to XS/Wynn/Palazzo/Venetian, there's a free shuttle to Wynn and another free shuttle to Caesar's, and that huge Fashion Show Mall is across the street (Nordstrom's entrance). Maybe in 10 years, it'll be in the dead middle of the Strip.Service is great. We didn't get room service, but we ordered extra towels and a hair dryer and they were really quick about it.And there's none of those obese families who are in Vegas for the nascar convention and spend all their time eating buffets and smoking and playing slots. So yay about that.The bar downstairs has some pretty good cocktails and good beer for $5 a pop during happy hour, 5PM to 7PM. Pretty great, considering it's downstairs, it's pretty relaxed atmosphere, service is great. Oh and Nordstrom's Cafe is across the street (literally). It might as well be part of the hotel! Affordable delicious food! Steak Chimichurri for $13. And the tomato soup and grilled cheese kids' meal for $5. Anyways I'd definitely stay here again. I don't really like the shampoo though!
4	The Trump is a newer hotel just off the strip, adjacent to the Fashion Show Mall and a 5 minute walk to the Wynn. No-smoking and no casino were big plusses for me; you can still stay out partying until the wee hours of the night, only here you're pretty much guaranteed a quiet and comfortable night's (or day's) sleep. Here's the breakdown:Room: 5 stars. We had a corner suite on the 40th floor with gorgeous views of the strip in two directions. The bathroom was bigger than my bedroom in Chicago with a huge shower, separate jacuzzi tub, and yes, even a TV embedded in the mirror. There was also a separate living room with a full 2nd bathroom and a kitchen that is absolutely nicer than mine at home. I would move in today if I could.Service: 4.5 stars. Very friendly and accommodating staff. The desk staff was very accommodating about a late checkout, the bartenders were friendly and knowledgeable, and the free shuttle to the Wynn and Caesar's was a nice perk. Perhaps it can be blamed on how soundproof our room was, but we did have housekeeping enter once without our hearing a knock which shouldn't have happened. The friends we were staying with had the same thing happen so this comment is not in isolation.Amenities/Other: 4.0 stars. Did not use the pool or spa so can't comment, other than to say the pool area by looks alone would have been pretty cool. The bar and bartenders were great, if pricey (but hey, its a 5-star hotel in Vegas that isn't subsidized by an on-site casino).Food (DJT Restaurant): 2 stars. The real downside was the on-site DJT restaurant. Did not eat dinner there but did go twice for breakfast (fool me twice, I know, lesson learned). No hostess there to greet or seat us either time, waited at least 10 minutes after being seated for a waiter, and had several issues receiving the wrong order. My suggestion: eat breakfast elsewhere to end your night, sleep it off in your awesome room, and grab a drink at the bar before heading out to do it all over again!
4	This was my first stay at Trump although I've been to Vegas many times. I must say I enjoyed my stay at Trump. The room was really nice. It was nicely appointed and the bed was fantastic. The rooms are quite large and I stayed in the smallest room. The bathrooms are HUGE and nice and has a jacuzzi tub. The hotel is non-smoking and quiet. There is no casino and really only one restaurant which is pretty good with some private dining areas. The lobby was unremarkable.I was worried that the hotel is a bit isolated but it is right near the Wynn hotel which I love. It's also by the Fashion Show Mall which is a lot of fun and they have shuttles to Wynn and Cesears. My complaints with the hotel are that the pool deck closes at 5! At least when I was there this winter. The lobby was almost too fragrant with flowers. Also, you can sometimes hear train noise.
5	Beautiful hotel. The room was spacious, gorgeous, and well cleaned out. The service was impeccable. I very much enjoy the fact that there is no casino in the hotel, so it definitely seems a lot different from other hotels in Vegas. Granted, it is a little bit off the strip, but it's definitely nice to walk into a hotel without all the loud ringing. I am definitely coming back, and next time with my dog. They have separate pet services in this hotel! YES!
4	Cons: the gold (shock!) is incredibly tacky & off-putting and the gift shop is basically a shrine to Trump and his family.Neutral (pro or con dependent on who you are): children everywhere (esp in the pool and jacuzzi); pet-friendly; no casino.  Pros:  the rooms were comfy & large (included a kitchentee); free-bottled water in the room; staff was friendly and approachable; no crazy cab line out front; the hotel was a stone's throw away  from the Fashion Show Mall and the Wynn; affordable when compared to other like hotels on the Strip; "healthy" options cafe on-site.
4	I've only been to Vegas once and we stayed @ the Trump so we could be off-strip. It was absolutely lovely to go out and play and come home to the solitude and cleanliness of the Trump. I highly recommend taking advantage of the amenities. Order some delicious pancakes for breakfast in their soft pillowy beds, luxuriate all day in the plushest robe ever or grab a whirlpool bath while watching the am news. Just an absolutely wonderful treat at a really bargain price. Our package included a $50 spa credit and it was one the best massages I've ever had in my life. Replete with the most well appointed locker rooms and deluge showers. I could have spent all weekend in the hotel.Great pool and hot tub and a small fitness center to round out all the best things...and Neiman Marcus is right across the street!
4	Great hotel, and I love the fact that it is smoke-free and the rooms are quite large.The only downside is the hotel shuttle tends to get full quickly...which means it's either a cab ride or a nice walk to any hotels on Mid-Strip or further south.
4	Pros: Clean, smoke-free, quiet, fast elevators, super nice staff, near fashion mall, awesome rooms and great facilities.Cons: only one-we could not get wi-fi or 4G access on our iphones. Staff said that some rooms don't but I couldn't get access anywhere on the property. Luckily, I brought my laptop and, although it was slow, we could get wi-fi then. Inconvenient, but not a show-stopper. The Donald runs a tight ship. We will definitely stay here again.
5	This hotel was perfect for a recent bachelorette party.  I had booked the hotel through Hotwire, and was initially disappointed that we did not get a hotel on the Strip, and that there was no casino.  Though not often willing to admit it, I was totally wrong!  The location was GREAT (5 minute walk to the strip), and the lack of casino was a blessing, given that I probably wouldn't have had enough money to get my car out of the airport parking lot had a casino been readily available. The real stars here were:1. The service - the hotel car service was WONDERFUL for those 4 AM pick-ups, and they even took us to the airport.  Cabs will top out at 5 people per ride, but their service could accomdate all 7 of us in one ride.  Cesar, Vince and Tommy all took excellent care of us, and tolerated our banter - and singing - remarkably well.  2. The room size - they are HUGE and have kitchenettes.   We opted for a one bedroom upgrade, plus a standard studio.  The one-bedroom has an extra bathroom (with a shower), which was clutch.3. Check out time - 4:00 PM.  Need I say more?  I have never seen a standard check-out time this late.  Note - this is not a published time, but if you ask for it when you check in, it will be granted. In short, I would definitely stay at this hotel again.
4	Stayed at the Trump for the 2nd time.  First time we stayed we payed $84 per night.  Must have been a slow week for Vegas, this time we paid $145 plus $20 per day resort fee.  Trump has Valet parking only so be prepared for the tips.  Hotel is very pet friendly.  The hotel was initially selling the rooms as apartments/condos so they are very nice, live-in worthy suites.  Small kitchen area, large soft beds and the restroom is huge.  Flat screen TV in the room and even a TV built into the mirror in the bathroom.  Showers are huge and there is a huge jacuzzi tub as well.  Hotel staff is very friendly and gracious.  There is no casino and no smoking so its a great hotel if you are wanting to take a deep breath while visiting Vegas.  Its a quiet hotel and off the beaten path a little.  Trump sits directly behind the Fashion Show mall, so its an easy walk (2 blocks) to some inexpensive food and shopping.  Ivanka and her husband and baby were there while we were there.  Saw he while they were going for a walk and wanted to ask for a picture but decided not to bother them.  We will continue to stay at the Trump as long as service continues to be above average.
4	The best part about this hotel was that it was 100% smoke free and had no casino!!!  It was a nice escape from the craziness of the casino floors.  Unfortunately it was tucked back a little off the strip behind the Fashion Show Mall.  We often cut through Nordstroms and exited through Bloomingdales and made our way out to the strip.  The hotel itself is gorgeous!  The rooms are spacious and even the non-strip view rooms have great views.  The pool is heated and the deck is great in the morning with the sunlight directly on it!  Staff was kind and helpful!There's no shuttle service to and from the airport, but there is a shuttle that runs to the Wynn and Caesars.  It runs regularly and makes for a quick trip.  Purchased the rooms on hotwire for $125/night.  Another negative is that there is a resort fee that you pay upon check out.  Probably not really necessary at all.
3	I may be a little unfair about the 3-star but let me explain.  The rooms are gorgeous and big and new.  We were on the 36th floor with a fantastic view.  The lobby is beautiful and there is a shuttle to the Wynn and Caesar's Palace every 15 minutes, which is helpful because the hotel itself is tucked away behind Fashion Square Mall.  It was a $15 cab ride to the Bellagio, which was a shame because that's where we spent the majority of our time.  Another negative is that there is a train thing that goes through the hotel somewhere .... not very descriptive but I could hear a train whistle all night - LOUDLY.  If you're going with kids, this is a good option because there is no casino at the hotel ..... good in some ways, bad in the other.  It would be great if we had closer options to a casino but if you're with a group and some want to go home and some want to continue gambling, you're out alone or you're stuck going back with your group.  There is also a $20/day resort fee, which is extremely unncessary considering there is no casino and, except for the pool, nothing free that would warrant that required fee.  The 3-star from me comes from being far from the good parts of the strip, no casino, the loud train whistle and the required resort fee.  If you're not looking to be within walking distance to the busy parts of the Strip or you're not looking to gamble, you may feel this is the place for you.
5	This hotel is beyond luxury! Nestled about a mile and a half away from the Wynn and the famous fun filled Strip and directly across the street from Fashion Show Mall is the beautiful luxurious Trump Hotel and a place that I was excited to call home for 3 nights and 4 fun filled days!!Not knowing where we were staying, I was a bit confused on where we were going after we exited the highway. Took a couple of turns here, a turn there and came upon the biggest tower I have seen (well outside of the city center hotels). There sparking in the night sky was our hotel! Note to guests staying here: There is no self-parking, only valet parking. The Valet staff was beyond professional each time we were there, and did not keep us waiting long for our car.After handing over our keys, we gathered our things and went into the lobby to check in. The door attendant held the door open for us and said Good Evening and Welcome! Wow, a girl could sure get use to this kind of service! Walking into their grand lobby (no joke this was huge... huge as in I could do multiple cartwheels without running into anything).Big beautiful and bright chandeliers hung high above and the scent of jasmine filled the lobby (as well as the hallways). The front desk attendant was sweet she also welcomed us and asked how our trip was. After checking us in she gave us free bottles of water, explained that there is a resort fee that is charged each day that will allow us to use the internet, have free bottles of water and covered the valet parking as well as access to their fitness area. We were told we would be on the 24th floor in a Suite; she then took the time to come away from her desk and show us where our elevator was. This hotel has a swanky looking bar but no casino, which is nice not to inhale the second hand smoke each time you enter or leave.Now onto our humble suite: We were towards the end of the hall, which was nice and we did not have any neighbors to the left or the right of us either! Entering into our suite, we had a private entry into the first door, a mini hallway, then our door and our neighbor's door to the right of us.Walking into our suite: I do not know what hit the ground first, my jaw, my eyes or ummmm ummm never mind! This place was perfect and fit for a cupcake princess!It had a living roomAn oversize comfortable looking bed with fluffy pillowsA full kitchen with high-end appliances.Sub Zero Fridge Big closetsHi def TVs in the bedroom, and even a TV in the incredibly huge bathroom (make that a TV in the mirror).The bathroom had marble floors and was oversizedShower could host a huge party. The first night we took showers, it took about 15mins for the hot water to kick in...A nice deep whirlpool tub in the bathroom that could fit two or more!This suite was immaculate!No complaints about this hotel, we would totally stay here again! Only thing that happened was around 4:30-7:00am there is a train that passes through and the horn is loud, how loud you ask? Loud enough to wake the dead or the passed out drunk party people!  By night 2, I slept through it. Just be prepared is all!
5	This is where you want to be if you want a piece of paradise in the city of sin - no casino, no smoking. Rest assured your weave won't smell like an ashtray! They also have Scent Air Green Bamboo oozing through the vents so it smells like heaven as soon as you walk in. I've stayed at this hotel a few times and always refer my friends and family. The service is ALWAYS an A++++ and pricing is usually comparable. 24-hour room service (food, although pricey is worth every penny), spa on site, gym and pool are all added bonuses. The rooms - talk about SPACIOUS, suites with fully stocked kitchens, 2 full bathrooms (yes, ladies you don't have to worry about a shower schedule!) the decor is modern with a touch of luxury and class. King sized beds that you melt in. Extra bonus for the ladies: The lighting is also really good  and mirrors are plentiful so when you're getting dolled up for the night you know your face and your hair is definitely going to be on point. Wifi and bottled water are also included with the resort fee. This classic hotel is also across from the Fashion Show Mall so if you need some last minute items or just want to splurge on a shopping spree its just outside your doorstep. A definite recommendation from me especially for those necessary ladies trips or romantic getaways. Ps. Nerlie Walters has to be the best host at the hotel- if you're lucky to get her tell her I referred you.
5	My boyfriend and I stayed here for the St. Patrick's day weekend.  We had a one bedroom suite facing the strip.  It had a kitchen with stainless steel fridge; dishwasher; microwave; and an electric stove.  This hotel doesn't have a casino.  There's a barely traceable citrus scent that lingers throughout the hotel lobby.  I didn't appreciate this until I returned from walking through casinos with stench of cigars and cigarettes.  Trump International Hotel is truly a first class hotel with attention to details.  Take for instance the hair-dryer...  It was high powered, light-weight, with a long extension cord.  There was a lighted make up mirror in the bathroom and a wash cloth in the shower.  The closets have lights that automatically turn on when you open them.  There are dual shower heads in the master shower, and there's a t.v. embedded in the bathroom mirror.Service was impeccable.  Kimberly at the front desk was especially personable and helpful.  Free wifi and complimentary water bottles in the room.  Cell phone reception is patchy.
3	I have to take away one star off the top because we were heading out for a St. Patty's party weekend and booked the room off Priceline which listed this as a 5 star ON the strip.  I will admit, my bottom lip quivered and tears surfaced when I found out we were staying at a place that was sans casino and off the strip.  Some of the other reviews noted it was walking distance to the strip, but 1) It's not walking distance when it's Vegas Cold or Vegas Hot 2) It's not walking distance for a girl that likes to wear big heels 3) It's not walking distance for someone that doesn't have a Karate Black Belt or their bodyguard with them.  They do have a free shuttle to the Wynn or Caesar's Forum which we used once on our way out, but the final pick up times are far before we are done for the night.  Cab rides to Rio or Paris area were under $10 before tip.On to the good points:I agree with all the good comments listed on the reviews here.  Great service, beautiful and smells good in the lobby. We never waited long for the elevators because they split them up so you will go to one elevator entrance if you're on the top third, another if you're on the middle third, etc..  Very nice front desk and valet peeps.  She offered a discount on an upgraded suite and my friend said he only takes free upgrades.  I'm not sure if he charmed her or they were short on rooms, but we got the free upgrade to the one bedroom suite and it was SWEET!  Full kitchen, huge living room, huge room, ginormous bathroom.  If my hubby was with me it would've been better, but I let my friend take the bedroom since he put the reservation on his CC hoping we could swap the next night, but he's not as nice as me, so warning to you shmucks like me, the sofa bed is not heavenly and if you share with someone, they should pay more if they take the bed. Luckily, I drink heavily in Vegas, so I got over it as soon as my head hit the nice pillow. We called housekeeping at 5am to ask where the sheets were, and they came down and actually made the bed for me. Bring your drinks and snacks if you stay here because they they do not have vending machines to stagger to in the early morning hours if you are waking up craving some carbonation.  They do have a small shop with a moshposh of stuff from $300 shoes to $5 can of Pringles, but again, it closes long before I'm heading back to the room. The stuff that was "eh":1- No casino.  Did I mention that already?2- Resort fee $22 per night.  This was lame because it wasn't pool season (in fact they closed it early due to wind and storms) and I didn't need the business center or use the workout room.  So if you calculate your bang for your buck, factor this in.3-The "city view" was the other side of Vegas, as in the scary side, including a nice shot of The Erotic Heritage Museum, an abandoned hotel development, an old cheezy not-so-gentlemen's club and a not far but not walking distance to the side entrance to Circus Circus.4- The 2nd night our key got deactivated and we had to go back down and to get it reactivated.I would only stay here again for comfort and pampering or if I was on a business trip.  It would be a good place if I brought my teenage kids and my dogs. Yes, they're dog friendly! The place and the rooms are very nice.  Yes, you can hear the train every once in a while, which is bizarre, but I found it amusing. Those that love coming back to no ding ding ding and no bright lights and no lingering smoke, I get it, but when I come to Vegas, I'm all for all the BS that comes with it.
4	Very nice hotel. No smoking or Casino. However, the train.....passing by overnight a time or two, between the hotel and the interstate. And the next door property between the hotel and the strip, which is vacant land but with the remnants of the previous hotel or whatever was there. A little tacky. Trump is literally an "island". Shuttle should be larger to accommodate more guests. We liked it, in fact cancelled reservation and changed to Trump for our June visit.
2	The Trump hotel is valet only and when you walk inside there is the check in area and you can head straight to the hotel. As for the actual hotel, you have a main door which opens and there are two separate hotels after you open the first door. Not sure why it is that way. The rooms are very spacious but my friends tell me that room service sucks. It is far from the strip so you have to taxi to the strip unless you don't want to drink that night. There are better rooms for your money ON the strip!
5	My wife and I loved the Trump Hotel. We didn't want to leave. We've visited Las Vegas 39 times so we've stayed in many of the hotels. We upgraded to a large corner suite on the 47th floor. We thought we would miss having a casino. However, we didn't. It was nice to be in a non-smoking building away from the casino. We enjoyed the pool and tried the restaruant. They were both nice. The location was across the street from the mall and down the street from the Wynn. We spent sometime in both. We'll definately stay at the Trump Hotel again.
4	Great service...sometimes a little slower than would be expected but you won't otherwise be disappointed with it.  Late check-out is 4pm!!  This place does "walk-the-walk" when it comes to Trump's gospel.  The rooms are well appointed.  There is a decent restaurant option on-site, a good spa, and a great benefit, in my opinion, of not having a casino on the ground floor. Also you are located close to fashion show mall, which can be convenient for various reasons.Speaking of location this is located at the North end of the strip, but if you're in Vegas you're going to do your share of walking anyway.  There is a frequent shuttle to Ceasar's, so you can start your journey from there.  When I go back this will be in my list of top options of places to stay.
5	I use to love staying at the Palazzo, until we stayed at the Trump International.  My hubby decided I needed a nice little weekend getaway and one of our favorite spots is Vegas.  We found a nice deal on Travel Zoo and stayed for two nights on Friday 3/2/12 and Saturday 3/3/12 in their One Bedroom, Premium Corner Suites with a view of the Strip.  LOVED OUR SUITE!!!  We were on the 47th floor and our living room and bedroom windows sat facing the Palazzo, Wynn and Encore!  Some of the things I loved about the Trump that separates itself from the other 5 Star Hotels in Vegas is that their suites offer more privacy, peace and quiet.  In order for you to get to your suite, you have to go through double doors, which lead you to a small hallway, that leads you to the door to your suite, thus ensuring that you do not hear people slamming their doors, or walking/talking up and down the hallways etc. etc.  I love that each suite has doorbells, so that you don't have to deal with people knocking on your door.  Also, as opposed to the old school style way of placing a sign on your door to show when your room is ready for housekeeping or if  you want privacy, the Trump goes high tech.  In each suite, there is a key pad that you simply press when you need housekeeping or want privacy.  This in turn is reflected on your room number out in the hallway.  (Please see my pic for reference).  Our one bedroom corner suite totally rocked.  It had a really nice kitchen equipped with a Sub Zero fridge, dishwasher, stove, tea kettle, coffee maker, complimentary bottle water, martini shaker, blender, microwave and toaster!  All the comforts of home in a 5 star hotel I tell you.  I loved that we had a roomy living room with a comfy couch and flat screen TV.  Our suite also had two bathrooms (with showers in each).  The master bathroom was AWESOME!!!  HUGE!  With a nice window facing downtown Vegas from the jacuzzi tub!  The jacuzzi tub btw, was huge and could easily fit two adults!  :) Perfect to have after spending a night on the town!  The TV in the  bathroom mirror was a nice touch by the way.  Double sinks, huge shower that can fit like 4 people.  The bedroom had lighted double closets and a large, super comfy king sized bed and a sitting area.  I loved how the bedroom had windows that wrapped around the room where we nice views of the Strip and downtown too.  Service was friendly, but slow at times (especially valet).   The gym was small, but efficient, clean and well kept.  The hotel itself is non-gaming, non smoking and the  air is perfumed.   Another plus is that the hotel is located directly across the street from the Nordstom's entrance of the mall.  :)Would I recommend?  YES!Would I stay again?  Without a doubt!Does it compare with the Palazzo?  It "trumps" the Palazzo!
5	Across the street from a shopping area, walking distance from Wynn buffet and XS, smoke-free, no casino in the lobby, new, clean... what more can you ask for?  The bf found an amazing deal for the Trump tower online for $89 a night (excluding resort fees and taxes).  When we arrived at the front desk, the woman who was checking us in offered us a complimentary upgrade to a suite with a strip view.  What a great way to start off the weekend!  Bf generously tipped her $20 and she seemed really happy. :)  Our room on the 43rd floor was spacious, clean, and had a great view of Encore and Wynn.  We had a mini-kitchen with an electric stove, a microwave, a mini-fridge, sink and basic utensils.  We didn't cook, but it was nice in case we wanted to boil some water or heat up our food.  Our bathroom was large with a separated section for the shower and the toilet.  The best part was the jet tub which came in handy after a long night in heels!  The service was great.  I loved that there was a button you could push for maid service or privacy because I always forget to put that paper on the door knob.  At first, my bf had a gripe against the extra $20 resort fee, but when he found out that price included a shoe shine, he didn't seem to mind.  My only complaint about our room was the bed.  It was WAY too soft for me.  The middle part of my body just sank and i felt awkward when I laid down.
2	As soon as we arrived, we were charged $20 for services???? We are a family of four. There were three towels in the room. I can go on and on - its never just one thing. Bottomline - the service was sloppy and we were unimpressed with the whole experience.
4	Perfect location! No casino, and no smoke= awesome! Perfect for the family! Very spacious studio room but I love the one bedroom penthouse with floor to ceiling wall glass! I wish the depth of the swimming pool with be deeper. 4 feet is too short and made swimming a little bit difficult. The gym is ok.
1	First off, let me start by saying that my reason for the 1 star review is based on the fact that their valet service (valet service is not optional at this hotel) scratched my car - it's more of a gouge, really. We reported it to their security department and have been very patient. It's been almost a month and they have not given us an answer (mind you, we have been the ones who have had to call, call, call to get any sort of "update") as to whether they are going to do anything to fix our car. We finally went through our insurance instead.**Had they not effed up our car, this hotel would have merited a 3.5 to 4 star review**The hotel itself is quite nice. The rooms are spacious and well appointed. The bathroom had a whirlpool tub - very nice indeed. The housekeeping department does a nice job of keeping the rooms clean. They are, in fact, cleaner than a lot of other high-end resorts on the strip.Our biggest complaint was the bed. It was not very comfortable at all. My side was a little lopsided and the hubs found it to be lumpy or something...he couldn't quite find the right way to describe it. All in all, they need new mattresses, stat. Good thing we were always too pooped to really care.The location is pretty good as well. While not on the strip, they are right by the Fashion Show Mall and offer shuttle service to other hotels if you don't feel like walking or driving. Valet parking is included with your stay - but, do so at your own peril...
4	I've stayed here for the first time with my cousin to celebrate her graduation from nursing school.  It is a bit off of the strip but it had shuttles readily available to take us to the strips throughout our stay.  The room was nice, simple and clean. I did like the kitchen and fridge that came with the room.  We tried the breakfast in the lobby and it was yummy and Vegas priced.  One thing that I didn't enjoy was the walk from the strip back to the hotel after spending the night hanging out at the nightclub, the walk felt long and hard.  Other then that, it was a good stay.
2	Came here for a weekend with the gf and was pumped for nights out in Vegas.  I would have given this place 4 stars given the location, room, and pool, but the front desk girl was inept. Our first room wasn't up to par and the second room she placed us in had a family with little kids right next to us!What twenty-something-year-olds want to hear the complaining of kids in the room next door?! Seriously, this was a dumb move on Trump hotel's part. Obviously, we weren't here to hear spongebob and veggie tales...Anyway, I'd only stay here if you're looking for emotionally UN-intelligent front desk workers who don't know the meaning of customer service.
4	Great hotel as others mentioned. No casino Didnt try the restaurant. Staff is good. The only drawback is the train noise at 540 am as it crosses directly by the hotel is very loud. We asked to be moved the next night and they did to a room with a strip view.
3	Having read the solid reviews, I was looking forward to staying at the Trump for a girls weekend Vegas trip.Here is the good and bad:Good - Lobby was swanky, quiet and smelled like delicious flowers! (not disgusting smoke like 99% of the other hotels)- We were given water bottles while standing in line to check-in (even though there were only 2-3 people ahead of us)- The DOUBLE SHOWERS and ginormous bathroom for the one bedroom suite- Fully stocked kitchen that we sadly did not get to take advantage of- Great service throughout the hotel- BEST ROBES ever! So velvety and soft :)Bad - Cheap/thin glass windows. All of us could hear the damned freight train every single morning at 8 AM. We could also hear the sirens from an ambulance and music starting at 8 AM as well. UGH! Thank goodness I brought my ear plugs because I've read many reviews about the noise level. - Frayed carpet and dirty smudges in the front entrance area. For a 5-star hotel, I would expect better up-keeping than that.- SEE THRU bathroom doors. Seriously? Do I need to see my friends take a pee?!- Not so comfy beds. The sheets and pillows were nice but the bed was pretty firm/hard. I was expecting a more luxurious bed.  All in all, the Trump is a decent stay to stay if you don't mind hearing train sirens at 8 AM and being off the strip. I was hoping to give it a higher rating but unfortunately I didn't find the hotel that exceptional. For my next trip, I plan on staying on the strip so things are more accessible and I'm far away from the damned train.
3	Rooms are very nice, but the reason I gave this 3 vs. 4 stars was the inconvenience of being off the strip (10-12 min walk), not having a casino, and very limited food options in the lobby.  The room rate is crazy good when compared to other hotels on the strip, so, if you're willing to deal with a less than 100 percent Vegas experience, it's worth a shot.
5	Fantastic Location, close to shopping (Forever 21, topshop, starbucks, etc....), we upgraded ourselves to a Suite, and I recommend doing it if you get the option.  The Suite is 1000 sq ft (vs. 550+ for a room), comes with s Sub-Zero fridge for your frosty beverages, a jacuzzi in the bathroom, and one way mirrors so you can run by the windows in various states of undress.  On top of that, they have a shuttle or you can walk to the Wynn (right around the corner) so if you feel like going for a nicer buffet, placing some sports bets, or getting to the strip, it's not a problem.  I would definitely recommend the Trump to any of my other friends that go and feel like it holds good for the "go-out" for the wild time (in close proximity) but keep the hotel a bastion of peace in the chaos that is Vegas.  The pool is good (not amazing) but the service is great and everyone did a good job of making us feel welcome.
2	If you stay a place off the strip, expect it to be dead. If you want any late night bites or drinks, be prepared to leave the hotel because nothing is happening here. If you go to the pool, don't expect an infinity pool, a wave pool, or a river pool. You get a rectangular community center pool. The rooms, however, are pretty nice and come with a kitchenette. And a stove. They really shouldn't have given us a stove. The third day of our stay, I woke up drowsily in the morning to the smell of roasting chestnuts, reminding me simultaneously of Christmas and chestnuts sold on the streets in Hong Kong. Pleasant. It looked hazy in the room. I must've been really tired; this is a sign to sleep some more. I half wake again. Chestnuts going strong. Hazier now. Smoky, really. I sit up. The room looks like we hotboxed for 8 hours. Long story short, a towel burned in a pot throughout the night and we got charged $200 for smoke damage. Nuts.
5	STAY HERE! The boyfriend and I stayed here for one night, we got a king size strip view room & it was definitely worth the small upgrade fee. The view was ridiculous! I'm so sad I didn't take a pic :( The employees were very attentive, at check-in our guy made sure to give us a high level room for the best view. The bed was super comfy, the fridge came in handy, the robe is like wearing a blanket, & the spa tub was super relaxing (i brought my own bubble bath) ;) one draw back.... i found a used pantie liner in the toilet but the hotel waived my resort fee for this disgusting over-site. All in all the robe & tub would make me stay here again! ooohhhh ya and free wifi
4	Do not stay here if you:- wanna stumble down to a smoky casino at 3AM- need to be on the Strip- have to have 24 hour food options, a party pool, and nightlife in your hotel- can't tolerate loud trains rumbling by at all hours of the dayDo stay here if you:- wanna save a little money while still getting some luxury- don't mind walking through Fashion Show Mall to get to the Strip- would prefer to stay in a non-smoking hotel- like huge jacuzzi tubs that can fit two people- wanna tell your friends that you watched TV in the mirror while brushing your teeth- want to cook in your room: even the most basic rooms have a kitchenette- like fast elevators and a pretty-smelling lobby- want crazy fast wi-fi included in the resort fee- just want something a little more calm and slower-paced than the Strip hotels
1	Reasons to not stay here:Thin windows means the train wakes you up early in the morning.  Broken TV that had no volume and wouldn't turn off.  Broken doorbell and two sets of doors so you can't open the door for friends.  Poor cell reception. Uncomfortable (bag of rocks style) pull out couch mattress.  Weird bites from the bed.  NO HOT WATER on upper floors/corner rooms.  Bad coffee maker. Valet only system means it can take half an hour to get your car.Front desk service unresponsive to problems.  Have a service button which if you don't push your room doesn't get cleaned. No nightlife.Off the strip with shuttle service that gets into car accidents and shuts down.  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.  Worst "5-star" hotel in Vegas.
4	Two of my girlfriends and I stayed here for 2 nights last weekend. Overall we had a great stay for the price that we paid. We were upgraded to a complimentary one bedroom suite. I loved the hotel ambiance and the staff were very friendly. If you are expecting a hotel that has a casino, then you should avoid booking this hotel. The one thing I liked about this hotel that it offered a free shuttle to the Wynn til 2am as well as Caesars. Fashion show mall is right across the street. The downside to the hotel is there is no self parking. Its great to have valet parking, however, having to sit there and wait for your car each time (took 15-20 min just to get your car from valet) was the downside.
4	It's becoming a bit of a tradition for my friend and I to gamble on our Vegas hotel rooms ... after all, what better way to book a place to stay when headed to the gambling capitol of the world?So when we discovered we'd be staying at the Trump International Hotel after finalizing our Hotwire payments, we were stoked.  I mean, it's Donald Trump, right?Three reasons this hotel's awesome:1.  Smoke-free.  Yep, it smells more like expensive-perfumey sunscreen instead.  A welcome change, for sure.2.  No casino.  If gambling in Vegas doesn't appeal to you, it's nice not to have to walk past all the dinging slot machines and people slumped over card tables every time you wanna get to your room.3.  The mall.  Head out the front of the hotel and straight into Nordstrom.  Chipotle, a pizza place, and Johnny Rockets are also right there if you're hungry for cheap eats.  And trek to the other end of this monster mall and say hello to one of the largest Forever 21s I've personally ever been to.  Great (and dangerous) for buying new outfits if you're not crazy about the ones you brought with you.  Topshop is also nearby, which I had no idea existed across the pond.  And when you're walking back through Nordstrom on your way "home," and if you're willing to spend $30 on makeup, they'll do your face for you ... great reason to have a cocktail before getting ready to go out!Our "studio suite" had a full kitchen, TV in the bathroom, and a sofa sleeper in addition to the queen bed.  Every staff member we came into contact with was extremely nice and helpful (one who looked like Adrian Grenier even made several trips to bring us lots of extra toiletries), and the view from the 42nd floor was pretty sweet, especially at night.A courtesy shuttle will take you to Ceasar's if you wanna get to the strip without walking or cabbing.  And Encore (great for a daytime pool party) and Wynn are just down the street, making for an easy walk to going-out destinations.Overall, I highly recommend this place.  It's especially great for Vegas-goers who would rather shop and not choke on smoke while they're there ;)
4	The Good:-Smoke-free, clean, classy hotel-1 bedroom suites are very spacious, huge bathroom with a jacuzzi and two sinks-Can usually get an upgrade for $50 from a normal room to a suite at check-in-8 minute walk to the wynn / 5 minutes to the mall-Slightly cheaper than the other hotels on the strip-Concierge was helpful-There was a shuttle to Caesars but it was slow to arrive; it did run late which was niceThe Bad:-You pay a resort fee despite the fact that there are few amenities compared to the other resorts-Pool is small and not enough umbrellas, we were baking in the sun; it also took 45 minutes for us to get our drinks and food was eh-King bed in bedroom was great but the pull out couch had an extremely uncomfortable mattress and a maximum of 2 people can fit on it-There is no nightlife, great restaurants or pool party
4	Definitely a fan of the Trump Hotel in Vegas. Classy, clean, and just plain nice.  Everything in the room is nice.  Even the coasters on the tables were made out of some kind of alligator or something...the bathrooms with showers are really modern and nice too.  I guess thats just how Donald Trump rolls.  Pros: Fashion mall is literally across the street (good for my wife who likes to shop and not gamble).  Clean, and good customer service.Cons: no casino floor. Valet parking only.Tip: Check out earlier than usual because otherwise you'll be stuck in the long valet lines.
4	Its a nice place if you don't like smoke and the smell of stank and death  you find in a lot of hotels with casinos in Vegas. They are generally nice there and its clean and smells nice in the lobby. The only issues we could see; no self park, a train that comes through every morning at 5 or 6 am and you can hear it blow its horn every day even from the 53 floor on the side facing the strip we had to upgrade the room for this view. There is 25 dollar per day resort fee  for news paper, and two coffee pouches and two small waters they leave. We found a few times they forget to leave the water and coffee and the newspaper or all three. Just have to go get it. We had a a small stove and fridge in the room.  When we used the dishes or utensils we found they took them and didn't give them back. Not sure why? The pool is small compared to other hotels and there is aways a life guard on duty. I would bring drinks down to the pool ordering them is expensive.  Fun thing to do is go to the bar downstairs and if Josh is working keep saying, "The Donald said I can have free drinks all night". He said you would  be surprised how many people try to do this to him.  The Donald could have done better at locating his hotel closer to the strip and not near the train tracks. I guess he got screwed on that deal for this hotel.  Over all not that bad and no stank just have to walk further and or take a taxi to go down to the strip. I would get it 3 stars but I don't want to piss the Donald off and get fired.
4	Trump is nice if you're able to get a good deal off of hotels.com I love the bathroom! It's huge! I do not like that it is way far away from all the other hotels on the strip... Lots of walking
3	Non smoking hotel, the main reason we decided to stay there. A bit of drama staying there, we will get to that later....One bedroom corner suite, private foyer entrance, living room is fairly spacious, with full kitchen, dining table, full guest bathroom with shower, comfy sofa, couch seating, in room safe, floor to ceiling windows. It just there is NO refreshments and snacks in the fridge, just 2 bottle waters??? Why? We drove in late and I was thirsty, I needed some drinks, room service was our only choice, at least the food and drinks were delicious. Service was good too cause they already charge service fee in the bill. $25 resort fee each day was not worth it, we tipped housekeeping nicely to get more bottle waters and lotions. Bedroom is good, comfy bed, floor to ceiling windows with beautiful views, the bathroom is huge, with oversized jet jacuzzi and nice shower. It's supposed to be a great experience with a bathroom like that, they have TV in there too. BUT.... Beware of the glass door in the restroom! The bottom of the glass is really sharp, hurt my food pretty bad! I cut two of my toes, and I was bleeding so bad! Had to call security to take a look at it, they were pretty nice though, asked if I wanted to go to the emergency room, brought me band aids, first male security called in a female one to help me take care of my wound, filed a report, gave us a number to call if it gets infected later. And they put me on a wheelchair to get me out of hotel to my car, we were about to check out when I hurt my foot, they told us not to worry about check out time, just rest long and comfortable enough to leave. What an accident! I was in so much pain, but everybody was very nice and helpful, got me calm enough to leave the hotel. I loved the service and staffs of this hotel, the suite is OK, not much of my style, and the restroom door is extremely dangerous! I am so surprised nobody has ever hurt their feet from it??? Not going back to stay for a vey very long time. :(
3	Loved the rooms, loved the smell when you walk in, loved the classy vibe but HATED the car service. If you are going to run an establishment of esteem and class with the branding of TRUMP which is opulence, you should not have valet that ignore you as you pull up, wait forever to get you situated or take forever to get your car. This was not a one time fluke folks. This was EVERYTIME i brought my car in or went to pick it up. I was miserable waiting on these guys! WTF. Its a clusterfuck and honestly, someone needs to tighten up ship here, create landed that are visible and not creating a bottleneck of chaos. Thats my only downside to this place and lets face it, what you see when you first arrive should not be chaos in such a nice place so first impressions were meh.
1	this is an expensive hotel.with valet parking. we have a rental car that we drove straight from the airport to the hotel. we had checked the car with 3 people for scratches etc. none found. next day, when we got the car back from the valet; a big scratch. they are now "investigating" whether it happened because of them.we had to wait for ages in the lobby, and the guy helping us was unfriendly.today, on the 2nd day of our stay we come back after a long day in the desert just to find that our room has not been made up. no new towels, anything. also, the carpet in the room was full of stains. i was surprised to learn that this hotel is only 4 years old. the view was not the best; an abandoned parking lot. but the sunrise in the morning was amazing! (and for free, haha)they pretend to be classy, but its just a bad hotel. the bed and pillows were awful; the bed is much too soft and with springs. we stayed there 3 nights and each night i woke up multiple times, with a terribly back pain. (later during our holiday we slept on an air mattress and that was a relief, compared to the horrible trump-bed! can you imagine!)oh, and the lobby is extremely smelly. like a lady that sprayed too much perfume on her before going out. it hurts your nose!will never go here again, thats for sure.
4	I love the Trump!  From the gold exterior to the gold interior, I became a fan.  I liked the very spacious lobby.  Everyone there was very helpful.  We stayed here on a Saturday night because we had a good deal on hotwire.com.  Then we stayed at the MGM on Sunday and Monday because we wanted to be closer to the "action."  I wished we stayed at the Trump all three days, because moving over to the MGM was definitely a downgrade.There were only a couple of things that I didn't like about the hotel.  The pool was pretty small.  It was not very impressive at all.  And the water pressure in this place is pretty bad, but I'll get to that later.I liked our room a lot.  It was very spacious and clean.  We got updated to a strip view room, but we were so far away that the view didn't really amount to much.  Still, an upgrade is an upgrade, and it was nice of them to offer it to us.  The bathroom was a good size, with a huge area for the toilet and the shower.  The problem with the shower, and I noticed it a to a lower extent at the MGM, is the water pressure.  It was way to weak.  The shower area was large, but I felt like we had to run around to get wet.  It was pretty sad.The size of the room was great!  We had a little kitchenette, which included a microwave, refrigerator and stove top.  We also had a nice area with a sofa and desk.  There was definitely enough space to make us feel comfortable.  The MGM on the other hand was similar in price, but the room was smaller and we had no view at all.  And this was the newer remodeled King Room.I would definitely go back to the Trump.  I loved how everyone was very helpful.  I loved that there was a shuttle to Caesars and The Wynn every 20 minutes.  I loved that there wasn't any smoke smell, probably because there is no casino on property.  And I loved that when we asked for a late check-out, they let us leave at 4pm!  That is 5 hours from the normal check-out time of 11am!  Now that is service!
4	We stayed there for my boyfriend's birthday. We brought our two dogs along because we have seperation anxiety with our babies. The staff treated our dogs kindly. The room was beautiful but not the best I have seen in Vegas.I love the gym and the pool because it's not too fancy. The gym is very clean and there is water provided. Free wi-fi.Everyone was very friendly and all in all, we had a great trip. The only reason why I am not giving 5 stars is that they skimp on the bottled water they give us. Only two small bottles of water per day and when I called to get more, they wouldn't give us more.
1	Last three times my family and I have come to Vegas, we've stayed at the Trump and it's been great. This time it's been a joke for the following reasons:1. Checked in at 4 and they said my room wasn't ready but they would upgrade me to a corner suite, it will be inspected in 20 minutes and they will call me.  After roaming around Vegas for TWO HOURS, no call.  I return to the hotel to inquire and they tell me the room hasn't been cleaned yet.. Then they offer me my old room back. 2. Nothing works here. Remote controls, in room telephones, everything is broken.3. Valet.  When you take a taxi from the MGM to the Trump the fare is about $11 which goes to $15 because you end up sitting there waiting in a cab for 10 minutes for the valets to clear the driveway.  4. It's filthy. Rooms are starting to look worn out, carpets are stained. 5. Clientele.  Trump seems to be a haven for groups of thugs that, because the rooms are large, can pile 5 to 8 people in a single suite and have room parties with cases of beer and coolers.Major shame, used to love staying here but I'll be finding a new place to stay.
2	I would have given this place 1 star if not for the service from the front desk.  I checked in on Saturday during memorial day weekend, waited 30 minutes to try to valet park my car and failed to get on the porte cochere due to mismanagement and understaffed valet crew.  There is no excuse for that kind of thing at a hotel especially where there is no self park option.  Ended up parking across the street at the mall to check in, ridonkulous.The service at the front desk was good to great, they were apologetic about the valet and whenever I called down for my car (once I was able to valet my car), they fought to have my car ready by the time I got down.  Accommodations are decent, nice big jet tubs, good sized rooms and a mini kitchenette in the studios to boot because these are condotel units.  The location, despite being off strip, is workable because you're walking distance to the Wynn and directly across the street from Fashion Show.  If you're staying here, you probably don't want a casino and so being next to fashion show is a plus.  I can't stress how understaffed this hotel seemed to be and so I probably won't stay here again if I'm paying the same price as a on-strip 4star hotel.  I was able to book at a $100 discount to other comparable hotels with a casino though so something to keep in mind.
4	Smellsssssss soooooooo nice. After bathing in cigarette smoke from other hotels and casinos, coming back to the hotel was like a breath of fresh air, except it smells expensive. When you first walk in, you'll feel like a bum walking in some fancy shmacy hotel, but every staff member is glad to see you and treats everyone ever so nice. From cleaning maids, doormen, and shuttle drivers. All very cool people.Some tips: *Free shuttle takes you to Wynn or Cesar's Palace, runs until midnight, and later on weekends.*You can checkout using your hotel tv.*Call the valet to have your car pulled out before you head downstairs, because it can take a while.You wont regret staying here.
2	The Trump is a fine hotel that's clean and nice, but for the price, you can get much, much, much better.First the positives.  The rooms are huge--the Trump was originally built to be condos, not a hotel--and have nice amenities like a hot tub with jets and a stove and microwave.  The staff was also friendly and helpful.But there are too many negatives to recommend this hotel.  -- The parking situation is wretched.  The Trump only does valet (no self-parking) and they are horribly understaffed.  We waited over 20 minutes just to drop off our car, and nearly missed our show.-- The $25 resort fee borders on outrageous.  I know it's a new "trend" for hotels to tack on a mandatory fee for Internet and gym use, but I've never seen more than $10/day at even the nicest hotels.  $25/day is pretty insane.-- The pool is really weak.  One small rectangular pool surrounded by chairs is all you get.  We ended up schlepping to another hotel to use their pool.-- Certain things in the room were broken.  The main TV in the room was tilted off center, and the TV in the bathroom wouldn't turn off.  We ended up just muting it.-- There's a freight train that runs a block away from the hotel and it's LOUD.  Trains only come by maybe 3-4 times a day, but just one train at 3 AM is all you need to ruin your night.-- The bed was one of the more uncomfortable ones I've ever slept on at a hotel.  Way too soft, with weak, flaccid pillows.  I spent much of my weekend groggy and came home with a sore back--and not for the usual Vegas reasons.A new 5-star hotel opens in Vegas every month.  Pick one of those instead.
4	Love the fresh scent in  the lobby and a calmer atmosphere compared to large casino hotels. Great pool scene, easy music and casual crowd, not a partier myself and great for a good tan and rest.
4	We stayed over the Memorial Day weekend. Lovely hotel, service and accomodations. Easy to use online reservation process and rates were reasonable. The rooms were spacious and clean and the staff was very friendly as well.Here are some good and bad things about our stay. Please keep in mind my wife has been working for the Four Seasons for over 18 years, and I'm basing our experience and expectations from this perspective.The good: Very big rooms and bathrooms. We had a corner one bedroom. Eddie from housekeeping helped us set up the pullout sofabed and brought us an extra duvet and pillow top bed cover and put it all together for us. What a great help! The kids loved the TV and the jacuzzi tub in the main bathroom.We were on the train side, on the 33rd floor and it wasn't bad at all. The mini kitchen was also very convenient. The pool, while small, was very well kept and nice. We rented a cabana for the day (well worth the money) over the busy weekend. The cabana rental includes a reserved circular bed and a lounge chair - keep in mind by 1pm all the chairs in the pool area were already taken. Kevin, our attendant, was absolutely fantastic. He was there whenever we needed something and kept our mini fridge well stocked. The AC and TV were very nice as the day heated up and you needed a break from the sun. This was definately one of the nicest appointed cabanas we've used.The bad: Parking. I can live with the fact that it's valet only. However, the lines were out the driveway and we experienced a wait time of at least 10-15 minutes to get into the hotel, and a 15-20 minute wait to pick up our car from the valet.Taxi cabs couldn't even get into the property. If this hotel has aspirations of reaching a AAA Five Diamond status, this just will not work. Tommy, one of the valet supervisors was trying his best and putting forth great effort, but he was obviously too short handed to handle the volume. I would hope the hotel management takes time to review this, and I would make this recommendation. The Four Seasons has a process in place to handle these situations - it's called a crunch. It doesn't matter if you're a member of the planning committee, director, manager, or hourly employee,but  when a crunch is called it's "all hands on deck" to that department that is being overwhelmed. My wife who works in Sales and Marketing, has had to park cars, turn rooms, do room inspections, assist in the banquet kitchen, just to make sure the customer experience is never compromised at the property. I hope the Trump hotel will keep in mind that valet parking is their customer's first and last personal experience of the hotel.
5	I LOVE the Trump! Right before you walk in, it already smells of jasmines, or something, but it DEFINITELY smells good! This is probably one of my favorite hotels of all time in Las Vegas. I've never had a problem!They make the pull out couch so comfy too! They put an extra comforter on top, which makes you feel like you're just sleeping on the bed. That's a plus for the ones that get the pull out! The BEST part is, if you ask early enough, and if the hotel isn't booked, you have 4pm check out! Free of charge too. I highly recommend the Trump!
1	What an utter disappointment this hotel turned out to be. And I never even made it into the lobby. I booked rooms here for my family when first planning our trip to Vegas. I did this just based on the name Trump and assuming it would be top class and the best of the best. Wow was I wrong. The first problem I ran into was when I tried to look up my reservation on their website. It kept saying it was not found. I thought ok, it will just take a week or two to show up. After a good month I contact customer service wondering what the problem was. I was told there was no problem and that it was just too bad essentially that I could not find my reservation on their website. This took me by surprise. I have gotten better customer service at my local McDonalds.The reason I was looking up the reservation was to possibly upgrade my room. After more thought and by the surprising "customer service" we decided to split and go for a different hotel. So to my surprise when I told a customer rep that I wished to cancel my bookings A MONTH, yes a month  in advance. They said Oh ok no problem. Shortly followed by you have been charged the full price of your stay. Thank you have a great day.WOW! This place is shoddy people. Mr Trump needs to keep a closer eye on his properties and how they are reflecting his name. I do NOT expect this kind of horrible treatment from a hotel with the Trump name. Needless to say I will NEVER go to a trump Hotel EVER. And I would suggest you look elsewhere. Still shocked and appalled at the treatment of their customers. You all should be ashamed.
4	I really enjoyed staying at Trump. The one thing hotels.com failed to mention when I searched for dog friendly hotels is that they charge an extra $100 per night for dogs. Luckily they only charged me $50 since our little Toy Poodle qualifies for half of a half of a dog anyway. They chose a bad beige color for the carpets...it shows everything so the carpets were kinda stained which takes away from the "5 Star" appeal...though the hotel is nice, I wouldn't call it 5 stars...maybe 4 stars.Aside from that, everything was great. They gave Ziggy doggy treats and a doggy bed. The room was very spacious with a huge jacuzzi tub which I didn't get to use! Loved the pool--they seat you like a restaurant or something. That was new and I think it is a great idea. They didn't have much to choose from on the menu though what they had was good. Not great, but good. The pool wasn't too crazy either which I personally like but they had a DJ who played good music, there were a few families but it was mostly adults.The hotel is literally across the street from Fashion Show mall...love that! The staff were all very friendly as well. I would absolutely stay here again.
2	Not really my cuppa tea. The hotel was nice enough, the staff were super friendly...it's just that, well, it's not convenient. I would suggest it for those traveling on business or for families. But not for a Vegas vacation. Would not stay here again based on the distance from everything as well as lack of accomodations. The pool was ok but while we are enjoying the water, the evacuate due to someone "puking." Literally, this was the language used!Anyway, I will look much more closely when booking on hotwire or priceline. Look for the casino symbol (I believe it's a deck of cards) If that is not there, then don't bid! Great not having the mess of smoke in the hotel, but I like to gamble and then head up to bed at leisure. Maybe it sounds trivial, but this is what myself and my companions all felt.
5	rooms are very spacious and all offer plenty of room to sleep and futons. oh and the shuttle is great too
4	This is a beautiful hotel. I loved the jacuzzi tub in the bathroom. I thought a room was really a breath of fresh air after being in some of the smokey casinos on the strip. The only downside was that the valet parking took forever. We waited for about half an hour for them to take our car. I mean I understand that memorial weekend is a busy time to come to vegas but they should seriously consider having a better system or maybe even self parking would be better.
2	The rooms were nicely decorated once, but they're not kept up. A burned out light bulb is really no big deal, but chipped countertops and gouged furniture were not what I expected from a five star hotel.The staff were polite, always. However, it was very apparent that the politeness wasn't always genuine, and became more genuine depending on the apparent value of one's attire.Trump's location is just awful. They have a shuttles, but awful is still the best word for it because sometimes you don't want to wait for a shuttle - or wait for the next shuttle when one is full. All parking is valet, so keep plenty of small cash for that if you have a vehicle.I'll sum up pricing with this: Including tip, I paid $20 for a Sapphire martini at the lobby bar. I expected it to be high, but even I didn't think they'd charge for a small bottle of Sapphire to make one regular-sized martini.The clientele seemed to comprise mainly Jersey Shore rejects and guys trying to impress girlfriends / new wives with their vast ability to accumulate debt. I suppose it gets a star just for the people watching value.
3	Luxurious atmosphere, however breakfast choices are limited and service not great.   Would benefit from having daily menu specials...
3	I like this hotel but I don't love it as my stay was nice but I don't think I'd stay here again. Not that there's anything particularly wrong with this Trump hotel, it just doesn't feel like it should be in Las Vegas.The location is a couple of blocks off the Strip which can be a good or a bad thing, depending on what you want from your stay in Vegas. Its easy to drive elsewhere if you have a car, and a cab ride will cost $15-20 to the farthest reaches of the strip like the Mandalay Bay, and much less for hotels that are closer. For those with a car this hotel has valet only, although it is free (included in the resort fee). The valet staff was hard-working and was always friendly and professional on both drop-off and pickup.This is also a non-smoking resort, although there were a few people smoking in the pool area (wtf). The pool was OK but nothing to write home about. Lounge chairs were plentiful and comfortable, but the pool only went 4ft. deep, kinda lame for someone well over 6ft. tall. There were also two hot tubs, one on either side of the pool, but they close at 6pm (another wtf). The final wtf is for them playing loud, annoying, radio music over speakers that are placed so far apart that it sounds like you are listening to the same song twice, only one of them is playing a half second after the other. For me pools are for relaxing, not for partying, but I could see others differing form my opinion.There is only one restaurant in this hotel and I didn't have a chance to try it. The menu looked like standard American hotel cuisine (boring) so I ventured out to other hotels and also away from the Strip to satisfy my culinary urges. The lounge next to the restaurant is only open until Midnight on Sundays. Not sure about other days.Finally, the rooms were very good but with a few downsides. I stayed in the basic room (forget the actual name of the suite but it was the lowest priced room). It was indeed huge and well appointed with a well-sized water closet (walk-in shower), separated toilet closet, dual-vanity sink, and large jacuzzi tub. Everything in the bathroom was great except the shower head had some crust on it and could have used a second shower head, or just a better shower head that had a bigger coverage area (again, I'm a large human and so I prefer a shower that covers more than a few square inches of my body at a time).The bed was comfortable but not super comfortable (could have been softer). It creaked a bit as I imagine thousands of people have already had sex in it, with thousands more to do so in the future (hey, its Las Vegas). There were also a few chips on the wood bed frame and the mattress was a few inches too short for the frame. The pillows were super soft and collapsed just how I like. The sheets were also very soft.The AC worked fine but there was a large paint chip on the exhaust grill. The view of the strip was great, but be warned, you can still hear car traffic and police/ ambulance sirens form the street, even way up on the 59th floor. The windows were double pained but were not at all completely sound-proof like they should have or could have been. Its obvious that they cut corners when designing and/ or building this tower,Additionally, some airplanes taking off from the McCarren turn and fly directly overhead Trump which may or may not bother you.Room entrances are side by side sharing a common entrance, so its like having two doors to your room. This is a nice touch and means you can't hear any noise from the elevator or hallways. However, the doors are very heavy and SLAM shut super loud, which can be annoying. Wi-fi is included in the resort fee. There are no safes in the room. The mini kitchen is nice too with a mini fridge that is empty and not stocked with overpriced hotel crap.My final analyses is that this hotel is more suited to a regular city like New York or Chicago and that I would prefer to stay somewhere else next time I am in Las Vegas. The hotel is nice but is in no way perfect and lacks the dining variety of a Belaggio, Mandalay Bay, Venetian, etc. Oh ya, and there is no casino at this hotel.
4	Overall, great first impression when I stepped through the doors. Everyone was smiling, helpful and friendly. Something you don't see in San Diego a lot is a 24 hour concierge! From the bellman to the house keepers, cleaners and managers, everyone was absolutely friendly. Ran into a lady who kind of ridiculed my boyfriend when he called in suite dining. Tip was already included in the bill and he was wondering if he could just tip them in cash so they could have cash by the end of the night, girl on the phone laughed and said no. Didn't really like that. She probably was thinking we'd cheap the server out of their tip but in actuality, we were looking out for them. Definitely try the trump burger when staying here. The fries, the burger and even the pickle was delicious. The best burger and fries I've ever had. Only if there as a Trump Hotel in San Diego... *sighUpon checking out, ran into a problem however the manager dealt with it professionally and in a timely fashion. Most likely will stay here again! Thumbs up!
1	Had a nightmare experience here. The rooms I paid more for and had reserved with a confirmation number had been overbooked and unavailable upon arrival!!! 5 stars?????!!! They did nothing to make it up either!!!Like  .Raul Ovalles, William Arriola and 2 others like this..Trump International Hotel Las Vegas Armando - we are very sorry the room you reserved was not available upon your arrival. We hope you will give us another chance to provide you an exceptional experience.7 hours ago  Like.Armando Rojo I would've if they didn't mess up the next day as well. Gave us the run around about putting us in the right room. We had our bags packed until about 6pm we were moved, kept getting told someone was on their way to the room. The fact that we were waiting around til then to get the room which I paid more for was ridiculous and insult to injury. It wasted our whole day since we were at a standstill. The least you guys could've done is compped a night for us. A meal credit was insufficient. A discount for an additional night was insufficient as wouldn't have felt like I needed to stay an extra day to make up to my family the nightmare you guys provided. Then I get home to find out you guys had 2 unaccounted for charges to my atm, which finally were cleared. You guys didn't care to make this right when you had the chance. You truly showed no care for customer satisfaction! 5 stars? Not at all6 hours ago via mobile  Like  4Jason Crowder That's all you can say to him? You won't even offer him a free meal???? Pretty lame5 hours ago  Unlike  2.Sonjia Shaw Wow that's horrible we were thinking of staying there 5 hours ago via mobile  Unlike  2.Armando Rojo It was bad, I was shocked to be honest! We had reservation/confirmation still didn't matter and they said they were very busy that weekend5 hours ago via mobile  Like  2.Vanessa Ralon Martinez Wow that's terrible!5 hours ago via mobile  Unlike  1.Raul Ovalles Wow!! I would definitely not stay there after reading your experience4 hours ago via mobile  Unlike  1.Julio Lopez It's all about motel 6 babe baby!3 hours ago via mobile  Unlike  1.Lorenzo Lopez I guess I know where we won't be staying next time we go to Vegas :(32 minutes ago via mobile  Unlike  1.Darryl Mayberry All's I gotta say is......YELP!!! Company Executives see Yelp reviews, and it will let the people who care & can make changes know they have issues....It'll also let people know to stay away if they get too many negative reviews.....6 minutes ago  Like.
3	Great hotel...However, somewhat disappointing...Pros: Convenient location, literally walking distance across the street to the mall from the lobby, not a big fan of walking through a hotel casino? Then this is a great place to stay, fast elevators, clean hotel ambiance and rooms, nice large pool, great, big jet bubble bathtub, good service and convenient valet parking, check out at 4pm was among all the best bonus.Cons: when booking strip view at a cheap price, view faces the strip, but you cannot see the strip because you will be place at a lower level unless you pay additional fees, the shower took a very long time (10 minutes) to finally get hot water and sometimes there is no hot water, train passes by every 2-3 minutes and sounds like a muffled noise of an underground roller coaster, a number of light bulbs were burnt out in the lamps and 1 closet, and we could not find the remote control to the tv.However, I would like to give this hotel another try.
4	Great hotel without a casino in the lobby.  Well appointed rooms, and a good sized pool for the size of the hotel.  Automatic drapes and large suites.  Strip is about a 10 minute walk, or even shorted through the mall.  Would definitely stay here again.
4	A golden hotel without a casino. You think Trump would have built an elevated golden sidewalk to lead his masses from the hotel to at least Fashion Show, but sadly no... A bit of jay walking, dodge that taxi and loffers in the dirt get you to the strip. On the bright side, the 49th floor standard room has a GREAT view of the strip, is super spacious, has free Wi-Fi, kitchenette & a WHIRLPOOL Tub! Well worth the Jay Walking ;D
2	My husband and his company were in town for InfoComm and my daughter and I tagged along.First, the good stuff:Pros:The hotel is beautiful and most of the staff were very accommodating and friendly. The rooms are a good size and have kitchenettes in them.Housekeeping was AMAZING. They worked around our schedule (we have a 1 year old) and when we called them to clean they came right down and quickly cleaned before nap time:-)The people at the bell stand inside were very nice and helpful!!!Non-gaming and non-smoking~WONDERFUL. This is why we initially stayed here. We normally stay at the Vdara, but since this hotel is closer to the Las Vegas Convention Center we decided to try it. My husband was in town for InfoComm.Cons:We were told by the concierge that outgoing calls were complimentary...NOT THE CASE. Only local calls are complimentary. When we checked out we had a $150.00 charge for 9 calls that were made! I was given incorrect information and I think that these charges should have been waived because of it. Had I know that I would have been charged for the calls I would have used my cellphone instead. Management should have stood behind their staff's information and taken the situation up with them. It's so disappointing because we thought that we had found a new Las Vegas hotel to stay at. Beside management refusing to waive these charges our experience was great, but when something like that happens it leaves you with a bad last impression.  I also called and left a message for the manager Brian and my call was not returned. I requested a mangers email address so I could sort out the situation and I was told that they cannot give out this information.
1	we stayed at the trump now more than a month ago (may 22-24). the valet scratched our car. when we noticed this, we immediately told them, and they "started an investigation". upon checking out (2 days later), they still hadnt concluded this "investigation", but they would contact us. nothing.we emailed. no reply.we called, got transferred to voicemail. never a call back.they scratched our car!! damaged it and just ignore us. unbelievable.we contacted the better business bureau and hope to resolve this issue that way.im utterly disappointed, but wont give up so easily...
4	We weren't disappointed! This non-gaming hotel is absolutely beautiful with plenty of wonderful amenities. The Strip itself is about a 7-minute walk away, which is great but it was a bit challenging in the heat. On-site restaurants were "okay" but we ate elsewhere on The Strip most times. There's also a free (hotel) shuttle that takes you to a couple of the other resorts but I can't recall which ones specifically at the moment. Keep in mind it's a good idea to either get a room as high as possible or facing the south end of The Strip due to the simple fact that the hotel is located near a set of railroad tracks. We never heard the train (supposedly at 6am daily) because our room was on the 34th floor. Would definitely stay here again!
5	Stayed at the trump on memorial day weekend and really like this hotel even though there is no casino. It is a well designed hotel, smells great, well appointed lobby and non smoking . I have to say the service is excellent, very clean and spacious rooms with top quality beds and appliances. Cleaning service available at your request, nice gym, nice pool, free shuttle to Ceasars or Wynn. Best of all, they gave me a room complimentary upgrade.
2	Good hotel over all. plus: smoke free. No casinoCons: Got food poisoned eating dinner at DJT RESTAURANT. The appetizer I ate was Rock shrimp tempura ( appetizer), it ruined my stayit  can get noisy due to train tracks proximity. These trains go at all hours at night and you can hear them
5	I love this hotel.. Great service, great rooms, great views and an incredible bathtub! I stay here almost every time I'm in Vegas depending on the price and have never had a bad experience. They usually upgrade me to a nicer room and the staff is always prompt and friendly. The bathroom is great and the bed is more comfortable then most! I also appreciate the lack of a casino. The only down side is the doors to the room are heavy and noisy so you can hear when your neighbor comes in and out but it could be worse! They also have a great radio/iPod dock so you can listen to your favorite jams while you get ready for the night. The moderately sized fridge and mini kitchen are also great for pre-partying as is the seating area so everyone can come over. The taxi to/from the airport isn't cheep but sometimes they will offer you the house car and it was much less expensive for the 6 of us rather then getting 2 taxis.. A great value and great hotel!
5	This hotel absolutely exceeded my expectations! First of all, the service is amazing, starting the valet guys, concierge, housekeeping...everyone is so professional, firendly and so nice. We got promt service in our room, at the cabana, they even gave us a courtesy ride in a hotel car to a restaurant off the strip. The thing that is different, but I thought good about this hotel is that there is no casino, which to me only means a shorter walk to the elevator and up to the room while i'm drunk :) It is generally quieter and more relaxed than other hotels on the strip, the pool is small but still nice, not super loud or crazy crowded like the venetian pool, for example. Also, a slight downside is the distance it is from the strip, but it is super close to the Wynn and they have a shuttle that goes there as well as Cesar's palace so it really was not as bad as I expected. And parking is valet only. Would
5	This was by far the nicest hotel we have ever stayed in. We came to Vegas for our 1 year anniversary. What's nice about the Trump is that it is extremely close to the strip, but not on the strip. There is no casino, so it is quiet and the rooms are super nice. We paid $89/night for a comfortable bed (and I am picky with my beds), a kitchenette with pots, pans, a stove, fridge, and microwave over. A JACUZZI TUB! with a separate large shower and toilet. A TV embedded in the bathroom mirror, which in my opinion was a waste although it was cool. A thing to be aware of is that there is a mandatory resort fee of $25/night which includes WiFi and a free shuttle to the Wynn and Cesars Palace. They also have free valet.This hotel also has a large pool, a kids pool area, and 2 jacuzzis outside.
5	What can I say this pace is something different. No casino which is great, next to the mall (which my wife loves). The rooms are amazing, great service from the moment you walk in! If I'm not staying at a relatives house I definitely try to stay here.
1	One of the worst check ins. Guess that Trump sucks. No matter the rest of the experience not much can redeem when it starts off poorly. Immediately I'd choose somewhere else when next in Vegas. Not like there's no choice in this city.There's no casino, no smoke and the bathroom has a Jacuzzi which was big and the main plus point. From there it goes downhill.Valet parking would be nice if it wasn't 15-20mins from giving your ticket stub to getting your car. It just doesn't work. Thankfully the mall is just across the road so that's somewhere you can park if you are more in a hurry.The lobby wasn't bad and there's a nice semi corridor to get to your room. But when you look at the room (perhaps that's not expected) you notice all sorts of wear and tear and you can tell corners have been cut as this alleged 5 star hotel. Gouges in furniture, scratches, wires dangling. Not great.If you are facing towards Circus Circus then you have another double whammy. The windows are not sound proof enough. You will hear freight trains go by who blast their horns. Then when you want to lie in, the pool music (assuming this is where the noise comes from) also drifts upward and into the room.Disappointing. Very disappointing. CP much better considering it's "lower quality".You have been warned.
5	Never went into the rooms, but the pool was awesome. I went with some friends who have a boss that was staying there and had rented out 2 cabanas, which was SO MUCH FUN!!! Poolside service was great. Aneisha was our waitress and she was so accommodating and such a sweetheart. The fruit bowls are expensive, but delicious and a great mix (pineapple, cantaloupe, honeydew melon, watermelon, blueberries, strawberries, raspberries, and one other type of berry I can't remember but it resembles a raspberries but a blueish color). Sandwiches were SO simple, yet tasty (BLT!!!). Pina Coladas weren't bad either :)
5	LOVE this place.....for me it was a relief since there is NO smoking anywhere in the building.....AMEN! The room had plenty of space with a mini kitchen - fridge you can use at no charge and free water!  The bathroom is amazing...I enjoy taking a bubble bath while watching TV!Only con: it is a walk! We always crossed through the mall to get to the strip, it wasn't bad at all. It really is just 1 block off the strip and has so many other things going for it!
4	The Trump is pretty rad.Pros: -Beautiful rooms with kitchenette, fridge, jacuzzi tub, 24 hour room service-Free shuttles to Wynn and Caesars palace that we never waited more than 5 minutes for-Fashion show mall across the street is awesome-Cheap for a five star hotel- "Free" wifi included in the resort fee- Quiet and smoke free-free 4pm checkout time if you call the desk! Loved this.Cons:-No casino for those who do care-pool is dead, go to Wynn for a real pool!-Cost us 6 bucks to use the business center Internet...-Limited restaurant choices ... I.e. there is like, one really expensive one-Since it is off the strip views are kind of weird in most rooms.The Trump is a great hotel for those looking for a luxury experience without a big price tag. We spent most of our time at the Wynn /encore anyway so the shuttle was perfect. Would recommend for sure especially cause I don't really gamble. Not gonna lie pool was disappointing though! Oh well..
5	I can remember last year fondly, albeit a little vaguely due to my constant alcohol induced mind. I decided that I wanted to savor life, and enjoy each and every waking moment, which meant one thing of course: to visit a little oasis in the midst of the desert that is aptly named "Sin City." Last year, I decided to pay a visit to this gem of a town not once, not twice, but a whopping THREE times.My friend from California decided to visit me in Arizona, and since he exudes innocence, I decided that I should corrupt him with epileptic lights, and casinos that reek of cigarettes and regret. However, I decided to mix in a little spontaneity and instead of booking directly on a casino website, I decided to gamble on Hotwire and see what hotel I would get as a result. After careful sleuthing, especially with the disclaimer that it indeed was NOT a casino, I knew we were going to be spending one luxurious night at the Trump. I was ecstatic, and so was my friend. After gently prodding my roommate to accompany us, we were ready to proceed with our whirlwind trip.Five hours later, we arrived. We had a bellhop generously help us with our luggage, and had our doors held for us as we entered. Strangely enough, I felt like Kevin Mcallister when he entered the Plaza Hotel. After being offered an upgrade for an additional fifty dollar charge, we kindly rejected the offer and went up to our room. And my, what a room it was! It was like our own mini studio apartment. The bathroom was to die for. There was a shower for some sexy time, a bath tub with jets, and a mandatory toilet for....well, you know. After playing some sleazy drinking games, we decided to head towards the strip. The whole night was a blur. I vaguely remember my friend saying that he was sleepy so he decided to end the night early, and I decided to drink celebratory shots for no apparent reason with my roommate. At two in the morning, we briefly ate and then spent our night soaking our hurting feet in the tub.The next morning is when all the trouble began. I was extremely hungover, and my friends were hungry so we utilized the free shuttle to Caesar's palace, and ate. My stomach was churning, my head was throbbing, so I didn't savor my food so I left my friends there and took the shuttle back. Thankfully, I didn't have to wait long. The next couple of hours were sheer agony for me. I was indebted with gratitude that they let me do a late check-out, and by the time I actually could function, it was  four thirty in the afternoon. They did not try to charge us, or reject my plea for late checkout.All in all, I loooooved this hotel. I will stay again. You do get what you pay for. Fortunately, I didn't have to cleanse my life savings out of my wallet out for a night's stay due to Hotwire! I will stay again. However, my liver has thoroughly suffered my Vegas craze of 2011, so I will not be paying another visit for quite some time. Hopefully the world doesn't end by then. (*insert sarcasm.*)
5	What a nice hotel! My husband and I were lucky to score a really good deal on a room via hotwire.com and it was our first time staying on the northside of the Strip. We got a strip-view room on the 49th (eep!) floor, and we were immediately impressed as soon as we walked through the door. Everything is plush, from the bathroom to the bed to the closets. One of my favorite things was the TV built into the mirror in the bathroom (I kinda want to get one at home now, it was awesome to be able to watch the news while I got dressed!) The bed was exceptionally comfortable and I loved how all of the bathroom products smelled. One thing to keep in mind if you're planning to stay here is that there is no casino in this hotel, but they do have free shuttles to the Wynn and Caesar's Palace. My husband and I just walked across the street to the Wynn ourselves, but for those who don't want to venture far to hit the slots, the shuttle is the way to go. I highly recommend this hotel to those who want a bit of luxury while staying in Vegas. The Donald runs a fancy place!
1	Stay away from the Trump hotel!!  This is not a 5 star hotel.  It is at most a 4 star.  My friend booked this place using Hotwire for four people and they gave us 1 King bed and a Queen sofa pullout.  Hotwire charged us $404 for two nights to sleep on a couch.  This place is a SCAM!!! Do not stay here at all cost.  Do anything you can to stay away.  They are running a SCAM!!!  On top of that they charged a bogus resort fee when there is no resort, and the shuttles stops at 2 am on the weekends.  You are 0.5 miles away from the strip or any near casinos.  The place is cheaply built and by the railroad tracks.  Donald Trump should be ashamed to put his name on this.  He must of got scammed building this hotel and is just passing the buck to the public.  Quality is nowhere to be found.  You are left with an empty wallet, and a sore back from the sofa .  I'm never using Hotwire or going to the Trump ever again.  Pass the word on.
4	The place is awesome and adjacent to the mall and Wynn Hotel.  In fact, the mall is right across street.  My room and the bathroom are huge.  You can fit two people in the jacuzzi tub!  Service is awesome too.  Only thing annoying is the resort fee, but the mandatory valet parking is part of the resort fee.  I definitely would come back again.  I really appreciate the smoke free and gambling free atmosphere at the Trump Hotel.
2	I used to love this hotel until my second or third visit when I heard that blaring train horn...UGHH!!  This hotel is situated near a railroad crossing.  It woke me up every night despite being situated on the 52nd floor AND on the opposite end of the hotel.  So much for sound proofing.  I could even hear the puny fireworks from the The Siren show at Treasure Island.This hotel is not connected to anything (i.e., no casino or shops), although there is a nice restaurant and bar in the lobby that serves Starbucks coffee.  Crossing a small street in 100+-degree weather to access the mall became annoying after a while.  Other 5-star hotels on the strip (e.g., Wynn, TheHotel, Bellagio) are interconnected to other hotels and/or shops and a plethora of restaurants, thus allowing one to remain completely indoors if one so chooses.  For me, that's almost a necessity in a city that experiences weather extremes.It's a shame.  In all fairness it really is a nice luxurious hotel with home-like amenities and awesome city/mountain views.  I was treated well on every visit.  Unfortunately, a return visit will not be likely.
5	4.5 stars. -0.5 for the loud train that passes by early morning hours. Yes, the train is quite loud but its Vegas! Chances are you will sleep right through it. But that one aspect aside, the Trump International is a great place to stay. The building is gorgeous, and the interior ambiance and decor is gorgeous! You are always happy when you step into the Lobby because it smells like Chanel perfume-so refreshing in Vegas! The staff is great and very helpful. Even housekeeping provided excellent service. We didn't get a chance to visit the pool or restaurants, but the rooms alone are convincing enough for staying. All the rooms are extremely specious and there's so many places for storage. The jacuzzi is huge and so is the shower! And the beds are highly comfortable-like sleeping on a cloud. Overall, my stay has been absolutely amazing and worry free. You also get free shuttle to the WYNN and CAESARS which is very convenient. Yes, you do pay $25/a day resort fee and $86 upon leaving but your stay will be very enjoyable.
3	I recently stayed at the Trump Tower in a One-Bedroom City View Suite. Check in was a breeze; the girl was very nice and provided a lot of information about the hotel services. The room was located on the 49th floor and had a great view of the city. I loved that the room had two bathrooms; a television in the mirror; and a high-end kitchenette. The bed was amazing and the hotel air was so fresh!And now the not so nice: The sofa was awful; I preferred sitting on a dining room chair. The walls had a few scuff marks and chips from past guests. The valet would take a long time and is mandatory. One of the "new" bottles of water was half consumed by a previous guest. I could hear the train but only once or twice.
4	Next time i book a vegas trip WILL NOT USE HOTEL.COM  WHY - I booked this hotel through hotels.com .. they represented it as being on the Strip and it is not ... yes it is not so far but if you want the strip this is not it ...  normally not staying anywhere near a Trump property don't like Donald and we dont share our taste sensitivities  So Back to the Trump  Pros & Cons Cons : The Donald .. I simply don't like that guy or care for his taste The Rooms :  ok to nice .. but rather bland non committing design  nothing spectacular not swanky or outstandingly elegant...  Simply ok Hotels.com Sells you this place as a hotel on the strip but it is not .......So why would i give it a 4 star in a city like Vegas ?One reason  - Service !  let me say it again ... Service .... experience here is more personalized in a city with huge properties where you are another piece of meat in the grind ... personalized service here stood out
4	Got this place off Hotwire!  Loved the fact that there was no cigarette smell, and no casino in the hotel.  It gave us a more relaxed experience that didn't involve following shuffling masses through a loud, smoky casino to get to our elevator.  I definitely enjoyed that aspect.  The room itself was huge and super nice, the bed very comfortable (it took a LOT to actually drag ourselves out of it).  There was a huge bathroom (with jacuzzi tub, which you probably don't want to use because you KNOW they can't fully clean those...I actually went in the one in our room at the Trump and when we turned the jets on something that looked like skin CAME OUT OF THE JET, needless to say, I won't do that every again) and a little kitchenette area.  The pool was very relaxed, didn't really get a party atmosphere (though they try with some house music that starts around 1pm).  The day beds run $75 for the day, you get a fruit bowl and two mimosas included in the price...however the service can be SLOW.  Anyway, a mostly great stay.My only complaints:  the maids came in only once during our day stay.  They completely missed Saturday.  Lame.  Also, the hotel is kind of far from the strip.  You can get a shuttle to Wynn or Caesars Palace, but the closest hotel is a good walk away (about ten-fifteen minutes to Treasure Island, same for the Wynn).  Also, everyone is definitely correct about that damn train!  Why the hell do you need a horn at 3am?  Seriously?
5	Stayed one night, not my choice. Paid $109. Great deal. Check in easy and very friendly. Hotel clean and no casino noise and slime and no ciggy smoke. Room big and beautiful. Lots of bonuses: bottled water, decent free coffee, big clean bathroom, comfortable bed, fridge and even a range and kitchen supplies. Forgot toothpaste, delivered right away. Tv not working: friendly staff there to fix and given free movie for inconvenience. Great staff here.  Really nice place here.  However, Donald Trump makes me gag.
5	My favorite place to stay in Vegas when I want to be away from the casinos. Free wifi, gym, and pool. The spa is wonderful as well as the staff and the restaurant.  Not to mention each room has a kitchenette along with plenty of closet space. Definitely highly recommended!
4	I'm as laid back as it gets, so I'll start with the only miniscule, meaningless gripe I had with the Trump International Las Vegas.I had booked a 2 BR Strip View Suite and decided to head over at 2 PM despite getting into McCarren at 10 AM.  They have you check in at the VIP area just off the main registration desk and, upon my arrival, the room was cleaned and ready to go.  The only hold-up was that a 'higher up' needs to inspect that room prior to checking in and I waited 40 minutes until someone inspected it.I didn't really care at all aside from wanting to get out of the clothes I traveled in and to get the room situated, but my feeling was that a 'VIP' should get priority over the little people in the world (like, say, the people who booked a regular room or even a 1 BR).  This room wasn't cheap and it was degrading seeing the other people carrying their bags to their hotel room before me.I was totally kidding about that last bit, so give me a break.All I can say about this place is that it's hard to get a Five Stars for anything.  'Robocop' is Five Stars.  Many 'Gin's' are Five Stars.  I don't know what a hotel would have to do to get it, but I can say that I've been going to Las Vegas three + times a year for nearly two decades and this was the nicest room I'd ever stayed in.64th Fl, smack-dab looking south down the middle of Las Vegas Blvd.  Aside from not having a CD player or a MP3 player that could connect to the newest generation of ipod, it had every amenity and so much space.  Probably too much space for a couple of drunkard college buddies, but I'd look to book this room every time I'm back in town.The hotel is immaculate and the employees across the board couldn't be better, nicer or more accommodating.The closest casino is the Wynn/Encore, but I walked/stumbled to and from as far south as Paris without issue.  You're in Vegas, you're going to walk (they have courtesy shuttles to Wynn and to Caesars).  The Riviera and the Gold Standard of trashy casinos, Circus Circus, is just a quick skip north.I highly recommend this place.  I've read some reviews and people have spoke of trains (never heard one although I wasn't on the side of the hotel I believe that affects) and the valet service not being fast enough 9didn't have a car)...but I think people are just high maintenance.Can't wait to stay here again.
4	My boyfriend booked this hotel through hotwire as one of those "you don't know which 5 star hotel you're gonna get" deals. This hotel is definitely worth it for its price. The room is very nice and big. There are free shuttles that run to wynn (til 2 am) and the forum shops at caesars palace (til 12 am). This hotel is a bit far away from the strip but the shuttles make that okay. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.
5	I've stayed at a lot of hotels in Vegas.  I go on a regular basis since I live in SLC.  I LOVE The TRUMP.  The price is awesome.  The staff is great.  The rooms are wonderful.  There was only one time we had a minor hiccup where they got my husband a handicapped room.  He hated he had to duck down for the shower head.  He just wanted a room change and they upgraded us to a beautiful one bedroom suite at no extra cost.  I LOVE their 4pm checkout because it gives us plenty of time to rest before we hit the road back.
5	I'm a bit biased as I used to own a unit here. But, it is a great hotel.- No smoking anywhere. No small thing for a Vegas hotel.- Easy access to rooms from Lobby. Most large Vegas hotels have a casino maze that you are forced to find your way through.- All the rooms have kitchenettes and are pretty large for a hotel room.- Clean, classy and quiet.- Next to Wynn and Encore -- tip: Wynn has a great buffet- Next to the mall Avoid rooms on the West side of the hotel. North side gives you mountain views (I like them personally), South side is pool and strip views (the prime views), East side is a view of the Encore and mountains. The pool area is relatively small and there is no self parking and the annoying resort fee that most Vegas hotels have these days. But otherwise a great hotel. I don't recommend purchasing a unit here though - they simply make no $, better to just rent a night when you want it than to "own".
4	Great hotel everything here is awesome same goes for the service. Other then that only thing that keeps me from not giving it a 5 star is that there is no casino, signal from phone is always bad when im in my room ... DAM AT&T haha might not be the trumps fault on that one.
5	If you are looking for a classy, luxurious, upscale, and quiet getaway in the heart of Las Vegas, the Trump is your best bet. The location is a couple blocks off the strip, but they offer shuttle buses which take you to the Wynn and Caesars Palace that run every 15 minutes. The Trump is right across the street from the fashion mall if you want to get some shopping done. Not to mention, NO CASINOS and NO SMOKING. Yippee!This place deserves its five star rating. When you first get there, you notice the spectacular service right away with the valet. They are professional and courteous. As you walk into the lobby, you thank Donald Trump for his thought and attention to detail. Lights, chandeliers, upscale fixtures and beautiful furniture. My boyfriend and I stayed there for three nights in a 1 bedroom suite. The room was huge and spacious, with a kitchenette. I wonder how many people actually use the kitchen... Why would you cook at Vegas??? The bed was the most comfortable bed we have ever stayed in, and you find it hard to pull yourself out of bed in the morning. The bathroom is spacious with a double vanity sinks and a tv screen in the mirror. And the view is absolutely amazing. Hint: the higher up your room is, the greater the view of the strip. We were too busy to visit the spa or jump into the pool, but both amenities looked very nice. What really makes the Trump so memorable is the great service you get here that is nonexistent anywhere else.  I highly recommend the Trump to everyone.
4	Beautiful property.Large room included kitchen, couch & chairs, etc.   Huge bathroom.   Gave a $20 to the person at the desk and she upgraded us to a strip view room.  It's the north end of the strip, and a block off  LVB.   Shuttles run every 10min to Ceasar's and Wynn.   At the moment, the space adjacent to the hotel is an undeveloped, dirt lot, so it's an ugly  view next door.Pool was kind of boring.
4	Located a little further down the strip near the Fashion Mall, the Trump hotel is more about luxury than partying.  There is no casino, so the atmosphere isn't as crazy or wild, but up-scale and classy.  After a 5-hour plane ride, a nice relaxing soak in the stand-alone gorgeous and huge bath tub left me totally refreshed and re-energized.Little touches like the ultra-soft and decadent bath-robes make you feel extra special.
5	Had a blast in Vegas .THE ROOMS ROCKED  !!! Bathroom was beautiful and so close to the new big mall .I would stay there again it feels like Vegas and it doesn't smell like Vegas lol !!Stay at the trump it is awesome ;) PS: they don't bug you at all it felt like it was my place lol
3	Got an awesome deal through Expedia for a 4 night stay. Service was great. No complaints there. The room itself I wouldn't consider it to be a 5 star hotel. I think the rooms at other hotels on the strip are nicer and in better shape. The mattress wasn't big enough for the frame that left a weird gap at the foot of the bed, the night stands were chipped and had been attacked by a pen and were really scratched up. And the closet door was broken. The shower head had calcium on it.  We didn't trust the cleanliness of the tub, so we bought some bleach and cleaned it ourselves. So, would I stay there again? Only if I can get it for really cheap again. Maybe.
3	My boyfriend wanted to stay in a nice room for his spring break from a school on the east coast. I applaud his efforts, as the hotel seems swanky upon arriving. So swanky, in fact, when we booked the hotel the site we booked through forgot to declare the $100 per night incidentals fee, to be charged UP FRONT, and to be refunded on check out. Sadly we both didn't have enough to cover that after booking the hotel, flights, and factoring in meals, etc. We had quite the hour of waiting in the lobby as we contacted the booking provider. After a lot of uncertainty the hotel was willing to waive the fee after the booking provider made a phone call to the Trump Management. I felt very relieved and just wanted to begin to enjoy our vacation in luxury. Our room was beautiful, spacious, and had a killer Jacuzzi tub. The view was decent, but the hotel is near a lot of undeveloped areas, so I kept looking to the distance of the pretty mountains.We made a trip to a local store for some food to prepare in our awesome little kitchen in our room. Then quite possibly the second worst part of the stay was discovering a used condom wrapper in our SILVERWARE organizer. Now one would think after a guest checks out, the silverware, plates, pots, and glasses are all REPLACED or at least inspected for cleanliness. I am curious how the empty condom wrapper from some young lovers heated night before our stay, ended up getting left in our silverware drawer, not to mention touching our silverware. It took the staff a little while to bring us dish soap and robes, but we are thankful they brought them for our convenience. The bed made for a divine sleep, and we didn't spend too much time away from our room. Location isn't terrible, nothing you can't pump some blood and get a good exercise out of. I would honestly rate my particular stay 2 1/2 stars. I gave it 3 because the comfort of the rooms was superb.
4	Two stays in the one bedroom strip-view suite within 2 years.Highlights:* 2 restrooms* 3 boxes of tissues! 2 in the large bathroom, 1 in the small... my sniffly nose was very happy* Across the street from Nordstroms, which is connected to the Fashion Mall* Full kitchen, with utensils* complimentary shuttle service to Wynn, Caesar's Palace, and a few more destinations on the Strip* The lobby smells like the Perfume section in a department storeLowlights:* Slightly north of and isolated from the center of the Strip* Only valet parking, which can be time-consuming if you always wanna drive your own carAs much as I enjoy staying at this decadent all-suite hotel every time, I do have other more affordable all-suite hotel preferences in mind (e.g. Westgate Flamingo Bay, the Platinum, Palms Place). But since this place is such a hit with my friends, I will be making plenty more visits here.
5	We stayed at this hotel for three nights because we got a great price on the rooms.  There is a resort fee that is charged above and beyond the room fee.  Long check in line but they did serve ice cold bottles of water and offered 5 minute chair massages.  Nice touch.  Check in time is 3PM (we got to the front desk at 3:15PM).  Check out time is 4PM... thus our suite was not ready.  We had to sit in the lobby for 30 minutes and wait for our room to be ready.  We had to get back on the line to get room keys.  The second person who helped us upgraded us to a corner suite.  Beautiful room.  We met the housekeeper on the way to the room - truly wonderful lady!!  Room was neat and clean and HUGE! The three young men in the room next to us were causing minor problems (nothing too bad by Vegas standards) but Trump took guest complaints very seriously!!!  Two security guards and one manager showed up quickly and the problem folks were removed from the hotel.  No casino, no real restaurant (few seats in "living room style" atmosphere), no real commotion - nice quiet luxury hotel.  We visited the bar once - great signature martini's and nice service.  They do provide shuttle service to the Wynn and Ceasars.  Right across the street from restaurants and shopping.  Room service was pricey but that's a given in Vegas.  They do allow dogs!  This is a non-smoking hotel.
4	Overall, the hotel experience was good. However, after not having been here for two years you forget how much a hotel can get run down in that time. The hotel was still nice but, they clearly need to do a remodel sometime in the near future to keep up with other 5-star hotels in Las Vegas.Only compliment while staying here was a lousy valet attendant who was rude. Other than that The Trump was great.
4	II visit Las Vegas pretty often because my boyfriend's family lives out there, so we are always looking for a nice hotel at a reasonable cost when we travel to LV.  Besides getting a great rate on the room, I was very pleased when I walked into the Hotel.  The hotel lobby had a very sophisticated style.   When I stay at hotels, I usually go for a modern look and cleanliness.  The bathroom is very large with a Jacuzzi bathtub in addition to a shower which is separate from the tub.  Also, there was a TV. embedded into the mirror which I really liked. The rooms are fairly large and have a business, but yet a classy look.    There are no casinos at this hotel, however there are many hotels located nearby that has casinos galore.  If you like to go shopping, the mall is literally within walking distance.  I definitely recommend this place.
4	We had a beautiful view of Las Vegas from our hotel room and it was well worth the stay. It was appropriately priced and the staff was very friendly. You're right across the street from a mall and a block away from the strip which has a constant flow of shuttles/cabs from the hotel. I loved the fact that it was a smoke free environment unlike most of the stinky hotels in Las Vegas. The rooms were luxuriously furnished and what you'd come to expect from a nice hotel at really good prices. When I think of what I want in a hotel I often compare it to this one when in the higher range of hotels. You'll find televisions in the bathroom mirrors, and all the usual high end tech. The VIP staff was also very friendly. Apparently, many celebrities stay there if that's your sort of thing.
3	I give this place a 3 stars because of the atmosphere. Other than that the wifi doesn't work as well so your cell phone has poor signal. I tried to call concierge to book a cabana for the pool and no one answered the phone. Plus in addition there's no casino in the hotel. But you do get free newspaper, bottle waters, coffee & teas. We booked a cabana for the whole day and came down and was told they gave our cabana to someone else.
4	I'd give it 4.5 stars if I could.  Pros: beautiful, clean rooms, great views, great pool, full kitchen, two bathrooms, very clean lobby (and not smoky), quiet enough to sleep at night, yet close to the strip, shuttle service to hotels, attentive staff, fast elevators.  The room itself is 5 stars all the way.Cons: AT&T iPhone didn't get very good service in the rooms (ok in lobby) and wi-fi was spotty.  I didn't have problems with my cell service elsewhere in Vegas, so I wonder if a construction material partially blocks the signal (some do).  The concierge wasn't the most knowledgeable - when asked about non-chain casual restaurants, she recommended the California Pizza Kitchen (!).  They didn't mention that the $25 spa credit we got was only for services greater than $150 - I was a bit irritated to find that out after my $100 treatment.
5	I was here with my husband over the weekend. We ABSOLUTELY love this hotel. We are never staying anywhere else. The hotel is clean and the rooms are sooo nice and well kept. Service is also great! The pool is nice and the crowd is decent. Thanks trump for another memorable weekend with you. You made our trip even more special.
1	Really remote, and bare bones.If you think you might stock some juice or milk in the refrigerator, forget it.  There's no place anywhere near this hotel where you can buy any groceries.The room service menu is useless.  They really don't expect anyone to use it.  Your best bet might be to run to the nearest shopping mall and buy some awful pizza during the mall hours.The gym is so small, that you need to figure out where you can stand without getting into someone else's way.My last two days I couldn't get housekeeping to clean up my room.  Lots of apologies, but even a day after the apologies... NO HOUSEKEEPINGI've stayed at much better places around LV for the same or less money.  And I didn't have to walk as far to get to the attractions from those other places.
1	UPDATE:  Apparently this Trump Hotel is not truly associated with the others, or All Trump Hotels are all losing their Five Star touch.  For the Las Vegas branch: I like what Thomas F. said; "Trump, the dump"!If you have the opportunity to stay somewhere else, do so.This is the response I received after 8 months of communications.Good Evening..., My apologies that you were unhappy with the offer to credit back your previous stay. It was not our intention for you in any way to feel that it was a dismissal. I did look into the option of offering a credit at one of the other properties in our hotel collection, but unfortunately we are not able to do so. I credited the charges that I offered on the day that I emailed you, but if you prefer I can certainly offer a future credit at the Trump International Hotel Las Vegas for the amount instead. It would be our pleasure to have the opportunity to serve you again. The Trump Family, although affiliated with our hotel, does not handle correspondences with our hotel guests. Our team of management has been appointed to handle the customer care of our guests.  We do certainly apologize for the challenges during your previous stay, and wish to have the continued opportunity to assist you. We value your feedback regarding your stay and are grateful for the time you have taken to detail your experience with us. I can assure you that we take careful consideration of how to improve our daily operations based on the feedback of our guests. Please let me know if you would prefer the credit to go to a future visit at Trump International Hotel Las Vegas, or if you would like for the credit that was placed on the card provided to remain. If you wish to return I will personally arrange your future visit, and I am confident that you will have an experience that meets the standards that you have come to expect from a Trump property. I truly hope that we are able to offer something that will work best for you. Please let me know what you think would be best. Sincerely,This is the worst hotel.  It took 7 months to get a reply, and then it was never delivered to Trump Headquarters as requested.Mr. Trump, this place is such a poor representation of your quality hotels, that you should remove your name from it, or clean it out and up regarding the building and the staff.  A lot of fishy stuff going on behind your back.  Don't know who is managing, but funny how I never heard from headquarters when I wrote the 3 page letter and then only heard back from the actual hotel 5 months after I wrote, and only because I chased them down.Think you should call and check into it.
4	Trump Las Vegas was a really nice hotel to stay at. The ONLY downfall is that I spent most of my time trying to get to the middle of the strip. The hotel is located across the street from Nordstroms at the Fashion Show shops. I spent a lot of my time at the Wynn, Caesar's, and Palazzo. You think it's just across the street but when you actually do the walk in the Vegas heat it seems like miles. The shuttle service was really nice, but only took us to Wynn and the back of Caesar's Palace shops. I actually liked the fact that this hotel didn't have a casino. The hotels with casinos all smelled like cigarettes, especially Harrah's. It was nice to go back to a clean and smoke free hotel. The pool area is a bit small but it didn't bother me so much. My one complaint is that there are limited umbrellas. So, if you want to relax without the sun blazing on you, you have to grab the umbrellas fast. However, I did like how cold the pool was. I was expecting a luke warm pool because of the heat but was surprised that the water was actually pretty cold!I was in a spacious one bedroom city-view suite but the "city-view" just means the view of the liquor store and construction. This might bother you if you're into getting the "good view". So try to avoid "city-view" and try and get the "strip-view".I probably won't stay here again because I want to be literally ON the strip so that I don't need a shuttle or taxi. But, I would recommend it for people who don't mind taking the shuttle or taxi to get to the middle of the strip. It was clean and the staff was very friendly.
4	No casino and smoke free! Went here two years ago and was impressed with how spacious a standard-sized room is. It was just my husband and me but the room can easily accomodate 4 as it has a fold-out sofabed.  Rooms are tastefully and simply decorated. The off thing about the room was that the bathroom wasn't cleaned well enough as the floor around the toilet was a bit sticky and smelly - housekeeping issues there. I was ecstatic to have a stovetop but it didn't work when I tested it out.The happy hour in the lounge / dining area near the lobby has good deals on drinks and tasty apps. Recommended if you don't mind a bit of a stroll or wait for their free shuttle to the strip. It was really hot when I went so the walk to the strip felt very long and was inconvenient in the heat. It's a bit of a hassle to catch the shuttle too and they stop after a certain time. I'm going back to Vegas in two weeks but trying a differrent hotel that's more on the strip. I'd still consider Trump for future stays though if there's a really enticing rate. It's a a reallly nice place to relaxe and although it's not ON the strip, you can get some nice views of the strip.
5	What a great hotel! It was probably the nicest hotel I have ever stayed at. Very fancy shmancy! I appreciated the fact that there wasn't a casino in the hotel like most of the other hotels is Vegas. It was a nice place to come back to after a night of gambling, clubbing, drinking, and whatever other shenanigans the strip had to offer. The room was gorgeous! It felt like a condo. The bathroom was huge! It had a large walk in shower and tub. Both could easily fit 4 people! There was a little kitchen area, complete with microwave, dishwasher, stove top, and dishes and utensils. The bed was super plush and comfortable. However, I slept on the pull out sofa bed most of my stay there and it was actually pretty comfortable. Just don't try to fit another person in the bed; it's not so comfortable at that point. There's a shuttle to the Wynn and Caesar's Palace. My friends and I took full advantage of the shuttle service. All the drivers were so kind and friendly. My friends and I chatted up all of them and asked for advice and recommendations. Not only were the drivers really nice, the entire staff at the Trump were great! We were always greeted with a smile. One evening we were heading to the Rio for dinner and one of the managers called one of their cars for us instead of a cab. It seemed like such a small gesture but truly appreciated. Last but not least, the pool. It was a very quiet pool with more families than party people. It was actually relaxing to sit by or in the pool instead of worrying about how I looked or if everyone was judging me. I definitely do not need a Vegas-style pool party. I would most definitely stay at the Trump again!
5	Dude, this place was PIMP!   The room itself was HUGE and easily bigger than most apartments out there.  There was a full kitchen, complete with an oven.  I guess you just never know when the urge to bake something will strike ;)  Anyway, there's a dining area, a living room with a large sectional sofa and a chair.  One side of the place had floor to ceiling windows.  One full "guest bath" (complete with a tub and shower) and then into the master suite.  Ahhhhhh so nice!  Big room, big bed, big bathroom, big windows, big mirrors!  BIG EVERYTHING!  It's like I stepped into the land of the fancy giants!  There was a tv in the mirror, but my favorite thing was the shower with dual shower heads.  F- YEAH!  I already miss it!   The staff was also super nice and very accommodating.  We arrived at the crack of dawn and they found us a room so we could check in early.  Otherwise, we would have had about 6 hours before the typical check in time.side note: This hotel does not have a casino and doesn't allow smoking, which didn't bother me at all but to some people it might.  The pool is nice too, but it's filled with a more....ummmm "distinguished" crowd, which isn't surprising bc it's Trump's Hotel.  So, if you're looking for a fist pumping pool experience, this isn't the place for you.The only odd part was the seating at the restaurant downstairs.  It's set up sort of like a living room with some bistro tables scattered about.  So, if you want to eat an awkward meal leaning over a coffee table, while sitting on the couch, this is the place.  We were lucky enough to snag one of the few tables though.  :)  In short....a big yes!
1	Smells like cigarettes.
1	Unbelievable. That's the best word I can use to sum up our experience at the Trump Hotel. And I don't mean it in a good way. We had such an unbelievably bad experience that I can't even begin to comprehend how things could have been this ridiculous. It was so terrible that we never even made it to a room and thus this review is based purely on our attempted check-in experience.We arrived at the Trump around 12:45 a.m. on a Friday night. After sitting in two hours of barely moving traffic en route from San Diego, making our five hour drive a seven hour drive, we were exhausted. All I wanted was to relax in a nice, comfortable bed and regroup for the next day. Instead, we end up sitting in the lobby for not one, not two, but THREE hours! Here's the story:We check in at 12:45 and the front desk says it will be 15 to 30 minutes until our room is ready. This in itself seems ridiculous. In a hotel with over a thousand rooms, how do they not have a single room ready for check in? Plus, we had booked our room in advance. Check in is around 4 p.m. It should have been ready hours ago! But we decide to take it all in stride and go to the bar for a drink. An hour goes by. We go back to talk to the man at front desk. He apologizes and assures us that our room will be ready shortly. He says that we are fourth in line and the cleaner was in our room at the moment. He offers us $25 to use at the bar and an additional $50 on our room key once we receive it. He also says that he would upgrade our room to a suite at no charge.At this point, it's closing in on 2 a.m. By the time we get to the bar, it was closing (didn't realize bars closed in Vegas) and the bartender offered us free beer for all the hassle. We continue to sit in the lobby, along with several other groups of people, and time continues to tick by. Around 3 a.m. we go to the front desk again. The line takes about 30 minutes, as there are already several complaints in front of ours. We finally find out that there was a "situation" and our room is still not ready. They can't tell us what the "situation" is or explain how a single "situation" could cause us to wait for a room for three hours. We finally were offered a room at the Palazzo. The Trump arranged for a car to drive us to the hotel, which is a couple long Vegas blocks away. But before we could leave, we had to reclaim our baggage, which had been loaded on a cart to take to our room. When we asked for our baggage, the girl instead brought our car, which we were going to pick up the next day. Eventually, after 4 a.m., we were dropped off at the Palazzo and were able to check in and be in bed by 4:30 a.m.I have no idea how a hotel can be so incredibly disorganized and deceitful. We didn't appreciate being lied to on several occasions about when our room would be ready and it was absolutely ridiculous how they didn't have a single room ready. Needless to say, we won't be returning to the Trump Hotel.
1	Having worked in the hotel and service industry for over 10 years I would have never believed the review for which I am about to write regarding a 5-star hotel in Las Vegas.  We had made reservations at the Las Vegas Trump Hotel for the weekend.  After a 7 hour trip from San Diego we finally get to the Trump around midnight, a little tired from our longer than usual car ride.  We are greeted very nicely and everything was nice and clean.  We go to the front desk to check in and that is when our nightmare begins. When we got to the counter, they let us know that our room wasn't quite ready. We weren't too thrilled to hear about the delay considering we booked our room two months prior and were tired from the drive, but said okay and they told us it would be only a half an hour wait.  We went to the lounge and had a couple drinks at the bar, where the bartenders were very friendly and accommodating. We returned to the counter after 45 minutes of waiting and politely asked the status of room. They said they were cleaning our room and it would be ready soon. They were sorry and they would upgrade our room for free. Still, we were kind of blown away because when we asked what was going on, they said they have a "situation." Now being in the hotel service industry I know that when a hotel goofs or a "situation" arises the hotel should do its best to try accommodate.  The only thing we got was a sorry and it would be another half an hour.  So it's now 1:45 am  and we are getting a little pissed, so we went up to the lobby manager and requested an explanation.  All she gave us is "there is still a situation upstairs."  Trying to please us, the manager gave us a $25.00 voucher for the bar.  The only problem is that the bar closes at 2:00 am and so when we went to use the voucher the bar had closed.  So now it is 2:30 am and we had no where to stay and didn't want to walk anywhere else, since the Trump is off the strip and the only parking they have is valet.     Finally at 3:30ish in the morning I had enough and let them know that this was unacceptable and enough is enough.  I wasn't furious about the room not being available, I was furious about them lying to me for three hours.  After I had called them out on it and they saw how upset I was getting, they finally got us a room at the Palazzo.  After it was all said and done it was 4:00 am on Friday before I was able to get into a room. Needless to say I had a crappy start to my Saturday where I was going to meet up with some friends for brunch and drinks at the pool.  But that was ruined because I finally woke up around 11:00, still tired and pissed from my experience at the Trump.  I don't  know if it was new managers on the floor or inexperienced staff, but if you have a situation where a guest is not going to have a room for the night that they paid for, you should do your best to accommodate. Not make up stories and try to buy time.  This is a five star hotel and very little was done to accommodate us and make a enjoyable stay.  I know when our hotel had a "situation" we offered free meals, free night stays, or vouchers to other places to enjoy the town.  The Trump front desk was a complete let down.  The management had no ethics or integrity nor did they have any interest to try to make it up to me.  This is why regretfully give this place a 1 star, which saddens me because I had heard nothing but great things about this place.
5	Checking into Trump Towers was an impeccably perfect experience. The valet parking was smooth sailing, the check in hostess was friendly, charming and extremely accomodating and walked us to the elevators upon checkin.We were given a lovely room on the 47th floor with 180 degree views of the Las Vegas Strip. THe suite contained 2 bathrooms with marble walls and floors, 3 flat screens and separate showers. I loved the his and hers sinks and loved the opulence of the kitchen with the stainless steel frigerators and large plush L shaped sofa which I melted in when I sat. THe view was breathtaking. Everytime i called the valet for my car or assistance with bath crystals or towels, they were extremely responsive and friendly which i found quite refreshing. This will be my #1 spot in Las Vegas. The hotel caters to upscale individuals looking for clean refreshing and airy rooms with charm and stunning views. No smoke filled air in this hotel. Although the pool is modest, this caters to families or business travelers looking for a home away from home feeling. I thoroughly enjoyed this fabulous getaway. Donald Trump is a genius.
5	I travel to Vegas for work 2-3 a year. I always opt to pay extra for a 5 star hotel. I have stayed at both the Trump & the Aria and prefer the Trump. (Mainly because it's non-smoking) The staff are very nice and never stuck up as you might expect at a Trump Hotel. Highly Recommended !!
2	Trump, the dump is a good nickname :)The basic deal is that the Trump is a 5 star hotel. Now, 5 stars makes one think fancy. Though, to get stars a hotel only seems to have to offer certain services, like room services etc. It doesn't have to be fancy.The Trump is pretty much a Holiday Inn, only the bed is firmer at the holiday Inn and the TV larger. The TV was the size of my laptop screen at the Trump. They have a stove and sink, which the Holiday Inn doesn't have.The evil trick that got me here is Priceline. I bid on Priceline half of what all the other 5 star hotels (the real 5 star hotels) charge. Priceline put me in the Trump, which charges half of what the other 5 star hotels charge for a good reason.The room is an orchestra. The steal ropes of the elevator sing as they catapult people up dozens of floors in seconds. The air conditioning hisses. The refrigerator rumbles. And, everything gets drowned out by the passing fright trains. They don't honk their horn. They lean on it like someone was on the track and the operator in mad panic tried to get the person to move out of the way.A nice touch is that the Trump gives away wifi and two small water bottles for free. I know Holiday Inn gives you free wifi as well. Though, every other Vegas hotel will nickel and dime you for every little thing (more like $20 bills). The gym is free. Though, it's not great.I'm not the right target demographic. If you are looking for a place to put grand pa, it's perfect. It's quiet (= no Vegas party, what everyone comes for). There are no casinos, clubs, or pool party. Behind the hotel are two strip clubs. We know grand pa likes those. By day, he votes to restrict women's rights and sexual freedom. At night, he sneaks out to get what he outlawed. Oh, Dick Cheney stayed here a few times. I told you grand pa likes it here.Service, supposedly service is what makes the Trump outstanding. The receptionist walked me to my elevator. I guess that's what extra service looks like. I would have been fine walking by myself instead of having someone say empty platitudes next to me.The dead bolt on the room was broken. When I called, they said that they would send security up. An hour later, house cleaning arrived with an clothes iron. I guess, the thought was to iron out the wrinkle in my stays. A while later, finally a handy man shows up.He was a nice guy. He worked really hard. He had to disassemble the whole door. Some of the screws were stripped. Some where jammed in so hard that he couldn't get them loose.He kept beeping. Yes, after having given staff Blackberries for a while, management realized that some people were making personal calls. So, they took them away and gave people pagers. Don't you just love it, when companies try to save pennies by taking away the tools that employees need to do great work?I have stayed at the Wynn across the street. That's a great Vegas experience. I have stayed at the Rumor hotel. That's an off strip hotel for when you want to save money. It looks like it's a converted apartment building. Yet, it has hip stuff, like crazy furniture and sexy photography in the room, you know Vegas. And, my absolute favorite is Cosmopolitan. That is super awesome. When I stayed there, I barely left the hotel, because the room was awesome, there was party 24 hours, great club, great pool, great fitness center.
1	Sad that I cannot give 0 stars.Our experience: a Trump valet driver backed our rental car into a pole or something. The damage is significant. We reported it and also reported it to the rental company. The rental guys have been very friendly and understanding and said they would get in touch with the hotel regarding the repair bill. It's now almost 2 weeks and after many phone calls to the security team as well as the front counter managers - the rental company and us have left a number of messages and asked for conformation that someone will confirm they are looking into the issue - NO reply! The security team is rude and every time we call, there is no one there who can tell us anything. The front desk managers are friendly but useless! As it stands now, we will have to pay for the damage (a few $1000 worth) - even though it was the valet driver who damaged the car!! The service is absolutely terrible and the valet drivers are obviously not the best either! NEVER will we stay at the TRUMP again but we would still really appreciate if someone could return our calls and messages!!!
3	We got an incredible deal on this hotel through Hotwire, which is how we ended up staying there. I would have never normally picked this place (I didn't even really know where it was), and for it to be labeled as a Strip hotel is a little bit of an exaggeration. It's tucked away behind the mall -- not on the Strip at all. No casino or cool lobby bar inside. It's just a hotel. The rooms are pretty luxe (marble everything in the bathroom, TV in the bathroom mirror, comfy bed, etc.), but some of the rooms face the train tracks and can get pretty noisy. I was little disappointed when we got our room. I had spoken with an agent beforehand to let her know we were celebrating our engagement and requested a room (specifically) not near the train tracks and wanted to see if we could upgrade to a Strip view. She worked with me and assured me both of those things would happen. Neither of them did. Instead, we got a noisy room with a view of the freeway and strip clubs.There's a shuttle that goes to the Wynn and to Caesar's, which is useful if you make it before they stop running (2AM and 12AM, respectively). The service was nice enough, but all in all, I wouldn't consider this a 5* hotel. I was very disappointed with the fact that I got this place after booking a 5* on the Strip; had I purchased insurance, I would have cancelled it and booked elsewhere. There's a $25 resort fee per day, too, which includes internet, pool, spa access, shuttle service, etc. If you're looking for a quiet getaway, this could be the place for you. A pretty nice pool, luxe amenities and a pretty glitzy interior. If you're looking for a Vegas getaway -- on the Strip, a fun environment with lots of entertainment on-site, stay away. Even at the rate we got ($108/night + resort fee), I would reconsider booking here. Might be worth to spend a little more and get a hotel on the Strip!
5	Holy crap. Since staying here... I really feel like I cannot stay anywhere else. I stayed at their standard room and OMG. It was HEAVEN. If I were a celebrity living in a hotel - THIS would be my choice hotel. It may be off the strip... but SO worth it.WIN: No smoking, no casino, all classyThis is for the NON gamblers and really the people who want to relax. I'm not much of a party person or gambler. This was perfect for my "just get away from it all" weekends. STANDARD ROOM: -Resort fee - $25 - includes wifi, pool, gym etc. Like a TINY NY Studio ApartmentMini kitchen - fridge, microwave, counters, stoveMini living room - couch, chairs, tableBed - lots of pillows and plushness - LOVE, TVLots of closet spaceBATHROOM:There's a TV in the bathroom! Eek! I love it! Jet stream tubseparate glass (be careful) doorway to the toilet and also a showerCONDIMENTS: The shampoo and conditioner stuff was nice. Very good selection - as an Asian - I look at that sh*t. :) Very good quality stuff too.Free bottled waterBREAKFAST:We ordered room service - they came in and they set the whole thing up for you in the living room space. They place a table cloth over the table and provide everything for you. And the room service was delicious!PARKING:Valet parkingMy fiance has a sports car that he loves and the valet guy and him were so nice about it that he let my fiance part the car in front of the hotel and he said he'd watch it for us the whole time. Nice guy. Really awesome parking experience. SERVICE:Easy and just awesome. We got in and out and done. Nice chat with the front desk and seriously, just a perfect experience.OVERALL: I love this hotel. Trump... good job.
4	Not the usual Vegas experience, as this hotel has no Casino or other activities. A great SPA, pool and gym, but for the traditional Vegas action, you will have to take a drive to the Strip.Great option if traveling with kids, and would like to avoid the Casino mess/smoke/noise.Would have preferred to have self parking option, as Valet, although free of charge, is too time consuming for my taste.I really dislike the Vegas resort fees, but they are very difficult to avoid, lately. Expect $25 per room per night,
2	This is my first hotel review. I will never stay at Trump International again. We stayed in a beautiful modern suite on the 57th floor.  The room was amazing! The bathroom, awesome.. especially the tub!  However, the suite we were in (5722)... the sheets were dirty and the towels were dirty...the light bulb was out, the tv was out, the iron didn't work, the cabinet hinge was broken, the coffee pot filter was dirty - even after 4 times of putting the water through....  but all of that i can let slide... The worst part about staying here was the noise at night.. no not noise from your neighbors.. It appears that Donald did not have his hotel sound proofed so even on the 57th floor you can hear the train down the street, sirens and cars... not to mention that the trains blow their horn 3-4 times when passing by... A train goes by every 2 hours or so, so good luck sleeping at night.. (even my ear plugs did not work)...  overall, it is a beautiful looking hotel with a great addition that there is no casino and night life. it's quiet and you don't have to breathe in second hand smoke... but our room experience was so bad that we will never stay here again.
5	"Angela?""Yes.""I'm looking at you on the camera." - Trump International Hotel Las Vegas Security Officer Giel called after searching for me in the surveillance video for 1.5 hours and, at my request, another 15 minutes to finally spot me. It sounded creepy if there was no context, but I grinned from the inside with the new hope to be a step closer to the search for the camera I had left behind in a cab I got on."You were with a skinny guy in light blue shirt right?""Uh... I call him fat."Officer laughed.The night was too dark and the video was too blurry for Officer Giel to help me spot the cab number (so I can find the camera I left behind), but he was able to give me the cab colors(!!!) and two cab companies to track down.Who would've thought hotel security would go through such troubles for customers?Kudos to Trump's Security! Thank you Mr. Officer Giel! =)----------------------On another note, the printer in the business center jammed when we were printing our tickets for the night, and Manager Calvin offered to let us print from his computer and offered to refund us not only the internet/printing fee, but the resort fee as well!  How nice of him/Trump!----------------------I know things happen one way or another, it's how the businesses choose to deal with them that make the difference! =)
5	Love this hotel! The only thing is I did not like all of the Dogs that was there! Upscale hotel with dog urine stains on carpet! However it had been steamed and smelled very fresh.
5	Was referred to stay a night here by a friend, and although I hesitated I am glad I followed her recommendation. Upon arriving the valet staff greeted us with big smiles and welcoming gestures, directing us to check in as another employee opened doors for ariving/departing guests (something you'll see throughout Vegas). At the check in desk a gentleman by the name of James approached us to check us in. As he initiated the process there was a problem with our reservation as someone failed to inter the information. I presented our confirmation info and explained that we had not only reserved a room but paid in advance as well. It took sometime to get this taken care of but James thanked us for our patience and provided service recovery that was pretty amazing. We met several other great workers at the Trump throughout our stay, all of who said they enjoyed working there and showed us they did through their actions. I would not only come back to this hotel again but recommend it to anyone who is looking for a great place to stay with great service!
5	Nothing more to say but it's absolutely gorgeous here. I recommend this to everyone!
5	The evening manager, Krista, went above and  beyond to make our stay 100%.  Our corner room was immaculate, luxurious and spacious.  By far the nicest bathroom in a hotel anywhere.  The Trump is located across from great shopping and within easy walking distance to the strip.  The off strip location offers great views, without all the noise of the hustle and bustle along the main.  We will certainly stay here again and would recommend it to our friends.  If you have any concerns while you are there, ask for Krista, you could not be in better hands!
3	Currenty on our third day of our stay at the Trump in Vegas. At  check in we opted to upgrade to a corner one bedroom suite at a cost. When we walked into the room, it was clear it wasnt cleaned prior to our arrival and several things were overlooked. The carpets we very dirty, the phone were not working, and no hot water. It was too late to change rooms for the night. I called downstairs the next morning and they immediately addressed our issues. They had the carpets shampooed, phones were fixed, and was told there was nothing they could do about the luke warm water saying it "must have been a busy time for showers"Will try a different hotel next time i am in town.
5	Wow, I almost didn't want to leave the room.....unfortunately it is a block away from the strip. This is a very nice hotel, wait more like a luxury condo!!
4	We stayed at the Trump International in September of this year. We had booked our stay with vegas.com, and when we went to check in they did not have our reservation. We were told that they had been having trouble with people who had made reservations through vegas.com, but they managed to find my reservation, luckily. While checking in they were having trouble getting all my information to log, and had to swipe my credit card three times. This all sounds like a nightmare of a check-in, but the pain was alleviated by our outstanding service from Sonia. Because of all the trouble we had at check in, Sonia upgraded our room to a deluxe suite from a standard suite at no extra cost. She also gave us vouchers for a free gift at the spa, as we had reservations the next day. At check out, I again had Sonia helping me. She was so sincere and I really appreciated everything she did for me and my fiancee. Although check-in was a bit of a pain, the spa was fantastic, and the location to the mall was unbeatable. If Sonia ever reads this, I hope that she knows she really made our stay memorable!
5	Excellent service, great rooms and room amenities. A little off the beaten path, but its perfect for a person who's not a huge partier -- and not a fan of casino smoke/noise. Right across the street from the mall, which is nice, and shuttles to the Wynn and the Forum Shops at Caesar's. That just seals the deal for me.Half the price of Planet Hollywood for a Saturday night. And believe me, not even a close comparison.
5	Stayed here for my birthday vegas vacay and loved it!! Everybody that works here is really nice and they just do things the right way. Nothing seems skimped on!Little tip: the shopping mall across the street has a food court with quick cheap eats!Although I lost my ass on the strip, this place made the trip awesome!!!!Will definitely be back!!!
4	Prior to arriving in Vegas, I did all the usual checking of the TripAdvisor and Yelp reviews and I couldn't quite reconcile some of the less than glowing ones with the majority rave reviews. After staying three nights, I can only conclude that some people are just high maintenance.The hotel and its interior are very gold! Oddly, I'm normally quite disparaging of this aesthetic but in this case, I really liked it! The building has a white strip around the top which really works with the gold tint. Lots of marble too - great!Unlike many of the other places in Vegas, this is a hotel - not a casino with a hotel attached. As such, it doesn't suffer from the stink of second-hand smoke and the generally noisy and zoo-like environment. The moment you walk into the bright, (naturally) lit, spacious lobby, you realize that it's an oasis from the strip.Some mention has been made of its distance from the strip. Firstly, it's a 5 min walk, 10 tops. Secondly, it's through an air-conditioned mall, with Nordstrom, plenty of other shopping and cheap eats and coffee on your doorstep. If you're physically capable of a 5 min walk, I can only surmise that to complain about it means you're fat and lazy. Let me repeat that - fat and lazy. If you're one of these people, don't travel to any European city, as you'll be whining just to get to the end of the street.Mention has also been made of a perfume that's piped into the AC of the lobby. True - and it's smells nice! I understand that it can bother those with a very sensitive nose but for the vast majority, it just helps make a nice environment (while we're on the subject of smells, the lotions and soaps provided in the rooms smell lovely).Service was excellent. So many great individual interactions with staff who just excel at their roles and are super friendly. The room condition was excellent. Spacious ( very ), big beds and well furnished. Love the huge bathroom with double sinks, big tub and shower. Don't really know why the kitchenettes are there but not an issue. A TV in the bathroom mirror was just fun for its own sake. Odd design issue - couldn't find a single, central switch for all the lights. My personal highlight was the massage jets in the bathtub - if you stay here, you must try them out!The resort fees seems to be the norm in Vegas and the general ethos in America. As a European, I prefer the price to be the price, taxes and all included. This extends to the valet-only parking, which is just an annoyance and not a luxury (i.e. valet in general is a silly American concept - if I'm driving a car, I can bloody well park it myself or I shouldn't be driving in the first place. And if I have a really nice car, why the hell would I let some stranger with limited education drive and potentially damage it?). Don't get me started on tipping which is just a way to degrade the working class to the status of plebs but I digress. I would definitely take note of the fact that parking at the adjacent mall is free, so is a faster option if you just want to pop in and out.Used the gym - lovely and everything was in excellent condition with hand towels provided. The pool wasn't a party type of place, just a really nice luxury hotel pool.My only issue, and one that might be unfair, is that when traveling in Europe, hotels always include breakfast. Doesn't seem to be the case here but if no-one else is doing it, then it's unfair to pick on any one hotel.My companions mentioned that they can hear the train horn at various times during the night, so that can be an issue if you're a light sleeper. It's funny though - some reviews complain about the train noise but want to be on the strip, which surely generates much more noise at all hours!?4 pm checkout also helped us maximize the value of our time in Vegas, though, again there's the mall parking as an option.Another reviewer noted the weak water pressure from the shower. That bothered me too but I'm not sure why it exists - it makes sense from a water conservation perspective ( I'm all for that ) and that the Kohler fittings are water-efficient but then the bath water pressure is higher and taking baths is far more water-inefficient than showers. Odd.The other clientele are middle to upper class, often professionals and well-travelled foreigners. Not to sound too much like a snob but birds of a feather...The hotel bar closes way too early. Hotel bars are a great way to meet people, whether at the start of the evening or late night for one last drink. Bottom line : While in Vegas, I will ONLY stay at The Trump Hotel... but maybe not dine at the hotel restaurant until there's new management, as it seems to have some well publicized issues!
4	The upgrade to a strip view suite is worth it. Room service food is nothing to write home about. Very helpful & friendly staff.  Stay here if you want a quiet, non-gaming, smoke free environment.
1	Hey health nuts - resist the urge for a fancy colonic.  Instead, dine at Trump's restaurant.  They were temporarily shut down for 51 health code violations (don't ask about the black bean chili).  I believe they have since been reopened after throwing away a great deal of the items in their refrigerators and freezers.  So maybe you will get lucky!  Maybe not.  How do you know when caviar has gone bad?  Ask one of the fine servers - they know now!  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/11/16/trump-steakhouse-inspection_n_2146571.html?ncid=edlinkusaolp00000003
5	Excellent hotel! We got an upgrade to a one-bedroom suite with kitchen, two bathrooms (with jacuzzi) and bedroom. Very clean, modern, luxurious room. There is a shuttle bs to the Caesar's Palace, as the hotel is near the end of the Strip. I would definitely return to this hotel.
4	This is the place to stay if you want to avoid the noise, traffic and characters of the strip. Just a short walk from the strip (about 5 minutes), this hotel offers good service, really spacious rooms, and a quiet environment. It does not have a  casino so you don't have to deal with smoke or a chaotic lobby. Since the hotel is fairly new, everything is in great condition. Resort fee includes wifi.
2	It's a very nice Hotel and the Staff is very friendly and always helpful. The rooms are beautiful and we got a free upgade to a room with view. The first thing I noticed was that one of the light swiches in the room was broken but I thought maybe they just haven't seen it to fix it. The next thing we noticed was that the toilet didn't flush right and when we went to the pool the spa was cold and there was no sign that it was out of order. Fortunately there was a second spa that worked. i was really dissapointed that the Pool closed at already 6pm and the last shuttle from cesars Palace back to the Hotel goes at 12am. For paying so much and being a 5 Star Hotel i was very dissapointed in the things it offered at that time. I'd say skip this one and spend that kind of money on a Hotel on the strip.
4	WOW!This place is amazing!! I stayed here with a girlfriend during a trip to Vegas and was extremely pleased with how nice this hotel was (although, I guess that should have been expected since its a Trump Hotel).  The room I stayed in had a King bed with a pullout bed in the couch.  The bathroom was the size of my bedroom at home and I seriously could have slept in the tub, it was that big,  The room was modern with a small kitchenette and was well furnished with simple, yet elegant furniture.  What I liked most about this hotel was the fact that it didn't have any casinos or nightclubs in it, which helped add to the feeling of luxury and exclusivity,  The only thing I didn't like that much was the fast that the shower and toilet were separated by glass window panes.  I didn't like feeling like I was on display if someone walked into the bathroom, but considering I shared the room with another girl, I guess it was okay.  Furthermore, something else I've never experienced before were staff members asking to see my room key to make sure I stayed at the hotel.  Obviously, its not a problem since I had my room key on me at all times, but it definitely felt a bit intimidating.I love my trips to Vegas and can't wait to come back again, but the Trump was a bit too pricey to use on a regular basis.  I'd rather stay at a cheaper hotel on the strip, but wouldn't mind staying at the Trump again if I won the lottery.
5	Period of Stay: 10/20-10/22/12City View Studio, Room 5123I booked through Hotwire, which guaranteed me a 5-star/luxury hotel on the north end of the Strip. I weighed my chances---it would be either The Venetian (which I don't like), The Wynn, The Encore, or Trump. I was excited that I got Trump because it's non-gaming, meaning it's smoke-free.I don't agree with Donald Trump's political agenda, but we are on the same page in terms of customer service and expectations. Trump belongs to the class of hotel that showcases a subdued luxury. You don't see anything gaudy or flamboyant, nothing chic or rustic, just grandeur and elegance. Gold is the theme here.The front desk staff was professional, friendly, and warm. He accommodated us early, since we got there at around 10. The room was not yet ready, but we were checked in, and baggage safely stored with the concierge. About 15 minutes into breakfast on the strip, the front desk called and informed me that the room was ready and I could just pick up the keys.We were put up in Room 5123 on the 51st floor. Since it was a Hotwire deal for $105 a night, I didn't expect to be upgraded to the Strip View Studio. The room is spacious, and clean, with a kitchenette full of cookware and flatware.(+) beautiful rooms(+) Italian marble floor in bathroom(+) Jacuzzi tub + shower stall(+) TV embedded in mirror in the bathroom(+) bathrobe(+) 400-count thread bedding(+) two upholstered chairs and a three-seater couch(+) 37" flat screen TV(+) fast wi-fi connection (with resort fee)(+) complimentary shuttle service to Wynn and Caesar Palace(+) nice pool on the 6th floor terrace(-) limited dining choices(-) shuttles discontinue at 12 midnight(-) expensive drinks at H2Eau, the pool-side barI heard people complain how inconvenient location is. True that Trump is not on the Strip but it's just an easy 5-minute walk. You can go across the street to Nordstrom and walk through Fashion Mall and be at the strip in 10 minutes tops. Service here is top-notch. I never had to push open the doors here at the lobby. Doormen are efficient and polite. That the hotel is non-gaming means it's smoke free and free of casino foot traffic. Trump is truly the home away from home in Vegas. I will definitely come back to stay here. If you want quietness, and minus all the hustle and bustle of the strip but atleast close enough to the actions, this place is it.
2	My girlfriend just turned 40 and we thought it would be fun to celebrate by going to Vegas and get married (After a 15 year engagement and 1 child). We got a great deal on Hotels.com and they upgraded us to a one bedroom suite after finding out it was her birthday (Classy move, one of the few experienced). For the most part, the staff is excellent, the bar staff is very friendly and serves up some great drinks (Marcus is the best). We did have some issues with the shuttle service they offer. The driver told us he picks up every fifteen minutes at the location he dropped us off at. We sat there for almost 45 minutes before we finally gave up and took a cab...only to find him flirting with one of the female valets. The cleaning lady arrived to clean the room very late (almost 4 in the afternoon) while we were getting ready to go to the chapel to get married. Now onto the room...This hotel actually is a perfect metaphor for the man who's last name is on the top of the building....on the exterior, it is classy and posh and exudes wealth, but underneath the surface is just tacky and cheap. We entered our suite and found a large stain on the carpet (In fact, most Best Western rooms have cleaner carpets), most of the cupboards and drawers in the master bath had loose hinges (to the point where they wouldn't close properly), the frame around the mirror was caked with dust and old crusty toothpaste, many of the light switches didn't work, laminate in many places was lifting up. The large king size bed was the most uncomfortable thing I have ever slept on. It would actually have been softer if they just put a sheet over a piece of plywood. The location is horrible. It's off the strip and is a decent walk (which is not a bad thing when you are sober...but when you have been at the tables for awhile and have a bit of a buzz it can be annoying) away. You are right by a ton of strip clubs which is just kinda nasty. Also, there is a train crossing nearby, so a loud train horn would wake us up around 4 every morning.I will definitely avoid the Trump International on my next visit to Vegas
4	This hotel was awesome! Quick and easy check in with complimentary water bottles!!! Room was on a great floor with clear signage. I booked through hotwire for a great deal - $180 for two nights (Sat - Mon).The room:+ TV INSIDE the bathroom mirror!+ Jacuzzi jet hot tub - we fit 3 girls in there (it was too windy for the outside hot tub)+ Nice shower - water pressure, temperature, size+ Kitchen with pots, pans, blender, stove, fridge, microwave, coffee maker+ Queen bed & queen sofa pull out bed-- none of the non suites have 2 double beds-- our view was lots of strip cubs, not the kinda STRIP we were looking for. If you want a better view, it costs more for a view of the actual Vegas strip-- A train goes by every hour or so. I don't believe it comes at night, but if you like to sleep in, bring ear plugs or drink so much that you pass out and sleep through it.The hotel:+ Directly across from the mall with every store imaginable. Great location+ Free shuttle to Wynn or Caeser's was extremely convenient. We hardly took a taxi. From the Wynn drop off, you can walk to Encore, Venetian, etc... From Caeser's drop off you can walk to Harrahs, Bally's, Paris, Planet Hollywood, Bellagio-- The hotel has Direct TV, so I could not watch the 49ers game
5	Off the strip but close enough to the Wynn and Encore that it almost doesn't matter. Everything here is top notch and for the price The Trump simply can't be beat (especially if you book through Priceline or Hotwire). Its also worth noting that there is a $25 resort fee that is charged upon arrival so keep that in mind, but it does provide you with wifi, gym access, and some other random amenities that I'm sure are pretty coolIn my opinion its the perfect place to stay, especially if you're partying at XS, Tryst, or Surrender because you can avoid the awful hour long taxi line and walk your butt back home and watch the sunrise from your balcony.  Also since its an all suite hotel you also have a mini kitchen, a refrigerator, and a little lounge area for you to watch TV and relax. The bathrooms are pretty badass too!  There's a TV in the mirror and its fucking HUGE (bigger than most bedrooms)!And that's not even the best part!  Aside from everything that I mentioned above The Trump is the only place that offers a complimentary 4pm checkout, which is a huge plus for all you party animals out there that need to catch a few Z's after partying all night (morning) long. Trust me, it a great feeling to know that you can take a nap after lunch or breakfast in my case before making the 4+ hour journey back to LA! I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
4	stayed there over a weekendservice and accommodations were top notchsmoke free hotel is awesome in vegasthe only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was the noise factor from the street and railroad even though I stayed on the 56th floorstudio size room is your average size hotel room
5	4pm check out time, at no additional cost. In Vegas? Yes, it does exist, and it exists at Trump. It's an excellent buffer after going all night long, because the thought of getting up at 10 or 11 is just plain awful. The bathroom is huge and includes a shower large enough to fit a party of four people (if that's your kind of thing) and a bathtub deep enough to store all your winnings. And there's a TV in the mirror in the event you want to bathe in your money and catch some prime time.The rooms are spacious and though there's no casino to amuse you, it's walking distance from some of the more desirable entertainment locations of the strip.Your nose will also appreciate the distinct (and pleasant) smells in the lobby and elevator.
5	While I am not a huge fan of The Donald, he has done a great job with this hotel. The rooms are spacious and well appointed.  The beds are extremely comfortable. The bathrooms are large, but the use of space is very interesting.I was glad to be in a casino free, smoke free environment. I was also happily surprised to see how dog friendly the hotel is. As a dog lover, it was great to see soo many pooches parading their stuff through the lobby. We had dinner here one night. The entrees were ok, but the dessert was great. The banana spring roll was delicate and not too sweet.Breakfast was a knockout. I highly recommend the Heuvos Ranchos. The wait staff is particular about the coffee and I greatly appreciated that. If you prefer a quit breakfast, I recommend the dining room. The lobby eating area is very loud and not conducive to conversation.
5	The Trump is my new favorite place to stay in Vegas! Aside from having spacious and nicely appointed rooms with a kitchenette and a roomy bathroom, the main draw for me is their complimentary 4 pm check out. That's unheard of anywhere! And it comes in especially handy in Vegas, where you'll be super grateful for it (and the blackout curtains) after a night of partying hard. I've also been able to find great rates through Hotwire, although resort fee ends up being $28 extra but includes wifi and 2 small bottles of water per night (and I'm sure other things I didn't take advantage of like fitness center access etc).Although there is no casino on site, that's actually preferable to me because it's quieter and I don't have to deal with cigarette smoke. They do offer a free shuttle to the Wynn/Encore and the rest of the strip is a short cab ride away. The Fashion Show mall is also right across the street if you're in a shopping mood.Side note: If you're going with friends and need two rooms, ask for adjoining rooms. They're not actually connected but share a small lobby area (vestibule? I'm sure there's a specialized term for this). I think I heard that they only have king beds (sooo comfy btw!) at the Trump, but each room has a pullout queen sofa, so you can comfortably fit 4 people in a standard room.
1	stayed here on my bday earlier in the year...the one star is for the fact that the hotel is really pretty & our room was huge.  BUT I WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN!  we got the room on hotwire so i cant complain about the original price.... but then when we got there we were informed that they only have valet parking that you have to pay for.  so there's another 50$ for 2 nights.  EVERY other hotel in Vegas has free self parking....this place is in the middle of nothing ---they could make a parking lot!  then they also charge a resort fee of like 30$ per day....  i wouldn't consider this place a "resort"  the staff at the hotel were snobbyThey have only one extremely expensive restaurant to choose from .  But the BEST part was when my boyfriend and I ordered room service in the middle of night.  We noticed that the menu stated that gratuity was added to the bill, no problem!  When the woman arrived to deliver the food, she handed me the bill to sign and i left the tip line blank and mentioned to her that it was bc the tip is already on the bill.... she then said that she doesn't get any of that tip and usually people tip her too.  SO YOU WANT ME TO PAY YOU 2 TIPS?  AKA 40% of the ridiculously expensive cobb salad etc.  Then she stayed around for a while talking about how the they don't let her have the tips & how she is a single mother struggling to make ends meet....... IS THIS SOME SORT OF SICK JOKE is what I was thinking.  I'm sorry but this was my birthday and not her pity party!  Not to sound rude but it was definitely weird! I have stayed at a wide variety of hotels in vegas (including the Cosmopolitan, treasure island, hard rock, planet hollywood, NYNY, the Wynn, Mandalay bay, THEhotel, stratosphere,  and this is by far the worst of them all.  I would take the stratospheres 3 stars  over this  supposed "5 star" hotel any day!
4	HOTEL: BEAUTIFULROOM: I had a suite with kitchenette and a roomy bathroom with TV and jaccuzi. AWESOME!ROOM Service: excellentLOCATION: excellent. Close from the strip and the mall.CHECK OUT: 4pm Great!Only 4 stars because of the small pool, the trucks noises in the morning and the valet who dont always bring your car in front of you, he sometimes park it in the other side and you have to go get it.I will still go back there for sure.They have no casino. I really appreciate that!
1	We arrived here yesterday. The rooms are very nice, but the beds are awful!!!! We took 3 separate rooms and all of them had the same problem. It seems like these mattresses had been used forever.... Also, the doors are so heavy that we are constantly concern about our kids fingers; even for an adult its hard to open them. I would not recommend this hotel. Never coming back... We looked for a nice hotel w out cigaret smoke and casino, but this experience is not worth it....
3	Stayed here for our annual Christmas family vacation. We typically stay at The Mirage but hubby wanted to try something new. The Trump Hotel was very nice but it is not for us. We stayed on the 49th floor with a strip view...beautiful! Upon arrival, We we were checked in at their VIP Registration area by a "Wilbur". He was great! A complimentary bottle of wine awaited us in our room (nice touch). This hotel would be great for family with small children who want to stay away from casinos. Room (1 bedroom suite) had a kitchen, with oven, fridge, stove, dishwasher, cofee maker (rare in Vegas anymore), toaster, came with dishes and all a family would need. Hotel is dog friend too!  It is off the strip but they provide a convinient shuttle to Ceasars and Wynn. Our driver was very entertaining! My complaint would be the water in our bathroom. It took FOREVER to get warm water in the shower! I am talking about a good 10 minutes, no exageration! And when the water finally got warm, it would not stay at a consistent temperature. My parents complained of the same issue in their room as well. My other complaint is we had lunch their restaurant and although our waitress was very friendly, the service was not great. Took a very long time to get our drink order and as we ate she did not check on us until I flagged her down and requested a refill on my water. Food was great but because of the poor service, we were not impressed.  All in all this hotel is very nice and has a lot of nice touches and ammenities and great for a family with children or someone out on business. If you want more of the "Vegas" lifestyle, stay elsewhere.
3	The hotel is amazing with all the amenities in the room including a full functional kitchen (which of course you won't use).  Very spacious and extremely clean.  On the downside, it's at the end of the strip so it's a bit inconvenient unless you have a car.  They have shuttles to some hotels such as Ceasars.  The pool is decent in size but nothing to boast about.  All in all, it wasn't the best resort (yes you will need to pay a resort fee) I've ever stayed but it wasn't horrific either.  Would probably choose a central hotel next time.
4	This hotel deserves 4-stars (one step above a Marriott, but one step below a 4 Seasons) for its a) attentive but not invasive service, b) superb room layout, c) but slightly off-strip location. Stayed here for a week during New Years. The staff is attentive but not invasive. Service staff kept a professional, but light tone with me during check in. I noticed some subtle things: they really know how to treat their Asian guests. They weren't overt or abrasive about it (if they said Ni Hao I would have laughed) but they always handed me things with two hands; had crisp dollar bills whenever I asked for change; and somehow never intruded in my personal space, yet kept me happy the entire time I was there. No idea how they did that. Oh, and they employ house elves because I never once saw a housekeeping cart or staff, yet my bed was always made. Awesome. The room was excellent, with a fully stocked kitchen (you can call ahead and have it stocked with food if you'd like), large shower and jacuzzi tub (that can fit more than a couple of people inside), and large living space/king size bed/study area. This is the studio that I've been looking for to live in on a regular basis. We watched the fireworks in my room after the Strip got too crazy. I had a perfect view of the 8 minute fireworks show from my room; what a great way to ring in the new year. The slightly off-strip location is a bit annoying for me. The shuttle ends at midnight on weekdays and 2AM on Fridays and Saturdays. I usually tip shuttle drivers well and ask for their cell phone numbers so that I don't have to pay for taxis. That strategy didn't work for New Years since the traffic was so intense after the police closed the strip. On the other days, the shuttle is fine but they rotate the shuttle drivers a lot so its hard to maintain contact with any one particular driver. The shuttle drives you to Encore or to the back of the Forum Shops (where all the fancy shops are, in the back of Caesar's Palace). Its a long walk to any where you are going on the Strip. One other thing: you'll pay a $25 resort fee, but its worth it. You get free wireless access (really fast connection, about 1Mbps download) and access to fitness center. Their room service isn't too expensive either. I bought a couple of bottles of wine with me but there's a liquor store that has a decent selection nearby. Bottom line: if you enjoy a "nice" hotel that's slightly off the strip and away from the center of activity and action, you'll enjoy Trump. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.
4	The first time that I have stayed here, it was a great hotel, the only bummer is that it's a bit off the beaten path.  The service was excellent.
5	This hotel is amazing!! The service is what is going to bring me back to this hotel! I have stayed at other hotels in the area which are a little over the top but this hotel's service is superb!!  The staff is attentive to all of your needs!  Oh and the bed is amazing as I would lay down and be asleep in minutes!I booked a two week stay on hotels.com and got an amazing detail and even though you add the extra 25 bucks a day resort fee it was still awesome! with that you get free valet, fitness center, free wireless etc! I never saw the housekeeping staff but room was always beautiful! I loved being able to call the valet team ahead of time and have my car waiting for me. When I am in the area for work again soon you better believe I am coming back to this beautiful hotel!
5	1st time here. Very nice. Pop my ears when I took the elevator down to the lobby. Hard to Pisa normal way, afraid to mess up the pretty toilet.
1	The 4 star Yelp reviews are way off from my experience, there are some low rating reviews here and I had almost the same exact experience as they referenced.We booked a last minute room at the Trump towers to arrive at the CES show a day early (we previously had reservations for Thursday & Friday at The Mirage but there were no rooms available for Wed. night).  We paid $404 for a 1,000 sq. foot room for the 1 night.  I was impressed with the non-smoking policy, as we were bringing our son.  I always stay at the Hard Rock Hotel but changed gears when the Trump room had 1,000 sq. ft. compared to the 400 sq. ft HRH was offering, boy was I mistaken to cheat on my HRH (sad face).Our room stunk like cigarettes and we were too exhausted to complain and relocate to another room.  We arrived at 8:30 pm, dropped off our bags noticed the smell but left to have dinner and returned at 11:30 pm for sleepy time.Some items to consider - or areas that through me off.Parking - is only Valet Parking, this is a hastlle when you need to use your car to drive to and from places with children.Dining -  one fine dining restaurant and 1 adult lounge (not child friendly)Location- hotel is located near strip clubs but there is a Nordstrom entrance right across the street.Hallways- the carpet is buckling, as we walked to our room, floor 48 was hurting to the eyes. Rooms- they are reconfigured condos, run down. I could not believe all the scruff marks on the walls in the white closets.  The bathroom was very plain although it is completely made of granite, the glass shower doors make a huge bang when they close -  it sounds like they are going to shatter in a million pieces. The ironing board was a cheap white metal model and the iron was a low brand you would find at walmart. They offer complimentary coffee, I thought they would have a keurig but it was a mini machine with self brewing (just very out dated).Sound - the windows are not sound proof and you can hear a train sound its' horns at the intersection near the hotel (I am assuming there is one) in the wee morning hours every couple hours or so.Housekeeping- our sheets had lipstick on them (not mine)Sofa bed- was a thin sad springy mattress, the one blanket that was meant for this living room sofa bed was rough from being burned.  I'm assuming it was fire retardant as it did not have any holes but one corner was hard and crispy. My son actually complained, he never complains.Nice amenitiesKitchens in every room2 complimentary water bottlesFree newspaper in the morningFree shuttles to Wynn and Cesares Palace - the driver will come every 15 minutes for pick ups to and from the Trump tower until 12 am.Hotel check in area is very impressive.I will not be returning to the Trump towers but am glad that I did get the chance to experience it.  I'm actually dumbfounded as Donald hasn't fired the management staff at this place.  I imaginarily ranked his attention to details as a Steve Wynn type but this hotel reflects a lower end hotel chain.
4	BF and I got a pretty great deal on HOTWIRE for this Hotel.  He had previously heard good things from a close friend who also scored this same deal a few weeks before.Before our FINAL PURCHASE I consulted with trusty fellow YELPERS to get the REAL low down scoop. I definitely CONCUR this place is pretty bomb.  It was a LOT busier than we expected and when we first arrived the line to check in kind of gave me a nervous stomach.  I was pleasantly surprised at how fast it moved and how kind the staff was.  They were SO accommodating. We arrived there early (before noon) and were crossing our fingers that they'd let us check in early.  They were unable to get us our room right away but gave us complimentary spa passes so we could get ready and freshen up for our day of debauchery awaiting us at Encore Beach Club. The Spa was LOVELY.  They gave us flip flops, our own lockers, and a PLUSH robe. It's everything a spa is supposed to be, serene, clean, calm and fresh.  There are private dressing rooms fully stocked with high end hair spray (alterna) hair ties, combs, brushes, curling irons, blow dryer, etc.  And there are public vanities as well.  I was unable to get into the hot tubs and pools, however I can imagine they were WONDERFUL because everything else was.  The showers were rain down showers and all of the products smelled amazing. Our room was quite nice.  It had a kitchen with two stove top burners, a microwave, a fridge and a toaster.  We were disappointed that we didn't pack some ego waffles and hot pockets for the late night munchies. :) The king size bed was LOVELY and we also had a sofabed that turned into a queen.  The bathroom was great.  There was a large tub, this excited us immensely as my 6'4" boyfriend doesn't fit well in typical tubs so a bath is ALWAYS out of the question.  This tub was HUGE and it was a spa tub with 3 different settings.  It was SO relaxing.  The shower was HUGE (fit 2 VERY well) too and the actual toilet area was separate from both, such a nice touch!They had excellent service, they feature an express room service 24 hours a day.  Everything comes within 15minutes of ordering.  It's pricey but ALL room service is.  Place is nice but I can say that we WON'T Continue going because Trump is an idiot.
5	The Trump is great - went to Vegas recently for my sister-in-law's wedding and one of my co-workers recommended The Trump.  It had been about 5 years since my last trip to Vegas.  We went in early December (weekend of the Pacquaio fight) and I got a non-strip view basic room for $118 - plus the $25 resort fee, we were in for less than $150 per night on a weekend.  Room was great - bathroom was cool with the giant shower and enormous jacuzzi tub.  I think I took two jacuzzi baths over a couple of days.  I like how there is no casino, so you get out of your car (free valet) ,or taxi and you can be at the elevators in less than a minute.  The entire property is smoke free too, which was a plus - don't worry, smokers can just go smoke out front.  Elevators are the fastest I've ever been in - amazing.  Service among the employees was outstanding.  Here's a tip - call valet before you go down,and your car will be ready when you get there. My brother in law upgraded to a corner suite and it was awesome... giant window with a view of the strip above the bathtub, and also came with a full size refrigerator.  We all decided to just grab a few 30-packs after the wedding and chill there rather than piss away more money gambling.  Restaurant left a little to be desired, so eat elsewhere, but I know from now on, when I go to Vegas, I'll be staying at the Trump!
1	This place was a joke! There was NO casino. Maybe they have good restaurants at this hotel, but other than that, it was a waste of time to see it.
4	They upgraded us to a bigger suite and it was beautiful. Close to the clubs we wanted to go to, isnt as far off the strip as we expected, its actually practically on the strip. The only thing about Trump is that there arent any clubs inside the hotel nor are there pool parties here at their pool
5	Beautiful hotel that's small, no smoking, no casino. But you certainly welcome the sweet jasmine fresh air after 4 days in Vegas. Goodbye for now!
2	I'm not sure what happened.  I read the reviews here before we went, and maybe that got my expectations too high?  We went for our friends' wedding.  They had a 3-bedroom suite & held the ceremony there.  That suite was beautiful with a spectacular view of the strip.  We, however, reserved a studio suite on the strip side (to avoid the noisy trains as indicated by other yelpers).  We arrived at 4:30.  First they asked me if I wanted to pay $50/night to upgrade to a 1-bedroom.  No thanks I said.  then They informed me that they didn't have any studio's available for me.  So they were going to put me in a 1-bedroom for free (great!); but it was on the mountain-view side of the hotel (boo!).  But she PROMISED me this was still the "quiet" part of the hotel.  So we took it.  It was on the 16th floor, but since I don't spend a lot of time staring out the window, who cares?  We walk in & the suite is beautiful (on the surface).  High end stainless steel appliances (that I'd never use on a weekend in Vegas).  But, as we used the room to get ready, wake up, etc., the blemishes began to show.  They didn't empty the trash (from the previous guest) in the kitchen.  Didn't restock the robes.  No cotton balls or Q-tips. Long black hair in the tub, on the floor and in the sink of the master bath.  The door to the toilet in the master bath was just a shower door that banged shut so loudly, I had to use the other bathroom in the night so as not to wake my husband.  We tried to log into the "free" wi-fi (part of the $25/night resort fee) so we could facetime our kids before they went to bed, but the wi-fi signal was so poor the whole time, we couldn't use it (this was true for our other friends staying in the hotel too). So, we went out for the evening and came back.  Then Housekeeping brought us robes (which were the most comfortable hotel robes I've ever used!).  Went to bed and heard the dang trains.  So much for the quiet side! In the morning, we made our "free in-room coffee", and it was your typical crappy packaged coffee out of a crappy coffee maker.  Why put those high end appliances in, which most people won't use, and then provide a crappy coffee maker which most people will use? Now, if we were in a regular Vegas hotel, we could just go downstairs and find a coffee shop and grab a good cup of coffee and some pastry and get past it.  But Trump doesn't offer that.  It's either really expensive room service ($9.00 for a small pot of coffee plus $3 delivery fee, plus 18% gratuity), or get showered & dressed & head down to the restaurant or 3-block walk to the strip.  I'm a coffee addict - gotta have it to get going, so to not have easy access to drinkable coffee is pretty rough on me.  The bathrooms were also lacking places to hang robes and hand towels. No hooks or racks other than on the shower door.  Not a big deal to just put my towel on the counter, but it's just another detail that Trump has lost in exchange for the "pow" of the first impression.  My husband did speak to them about our disappointments, and they readily gave us a $75 credit on our bill which was good.  But for about the same price or just a little bit more, we've stayed at the Venetian, the Palazzo, and Mandalay Bay with similar rooms and much, MUCH better amenities.  This is not the hotel for us.  We won't be back.
5	Ever felt like a fish out of water? I was mesmerized by the place when my family came here for our last 2 night stay in Vegas. This is the TRUMP hotel - of course it's fancy! My family and I booked this place since we wanted to do a little splurge and stay at a really nice place. Oh, and believe me - this place is VERY NICE.The concierge is very professional and friendly. The interior of the lobby room was gorgeous. It's spacious and fancy! When you arrive here, you will notice that there is no self-parking. Everything is done by valet. SWEET!Oh, I felt like a princess when I stayed here. This is a 64-floor hotel and my family decided to stay in a really nice suite. There's your cute little kitchen, a spacious living room, and the master bedroom. The bathroom is very fancy too. There's a built-in TV screen in your bathroom mirror, so you can watch your favorite show while you brush your teeth! What a great thing to wake up to!And don't get me started on the bathtub. It's huge. And you can have yourself a nice bubble bath and jacuzzi! Yup, this is the place to feel pampered!The view of the Strip is gorgeous at night from our window. I really recommend anyone to stay here at least once in Vegas.One little set-back about this place: It's only a hotel. For those who would like to gamble, would need to drive OR take the provided shuttle to the nearest casino. The shuttle arrives every 15-20 minutes, which is nice.Oh, I would really love to come here again! :)
4	Trump redeemed itself, but not without its grand issues beforehand.We arrived in Las Vegas around 3:00pm and after picking up our luggage and packing into a taxi, we arrived at Trump around 4:00pm. The problem? Our room hadn't been cleaned and was not ready.. not would it be ready for another few hours. After a flight with six ladies pumped up for a weekend of shenanigans in Vegas for a bachelorette party, a wait for the room on account of management's fault is extremely inconveniencing.If it wasn't for the complaining and negotiating skills of one of the girls in our party, we would have never gotten Trump to properly apologize for the inconvenience. Thanks to her, we were offered a round of drinks in the lounge and dinner via room-service later on that night, all on the house as an apology for the situation.When we walked into our two bedroom suite on one of the top-most floors facing the strip, it was simply a beautiful sight. Logistics: six females, three pull-out couches, two king beds, a kitchen and 3 full bathrooms? You could definitely say it was going to be a good weekend.The best part of it? We paid a great price for our stay.. I'd say, but a woman shouldn't boast about her deal-finding skills.Not bad, Trump... We had to really be inconvenienced by them to get our money's worth, but the end result wasn't bad.. not too shabby at all.
3	My family and I spent Christmas in Vegas and decided to stay at the Trump because they were pet friendly and had a flat $200 pet fee no matter how many days you stay here. My mom is convinced that the lobby smells like dog pee, but I'm pretty sure it's just the sickly sweet smell of the flowers in the middle of the lobby. There's not very much grass in the immediate area surrounding the hotel, but if you exit the lobby and walk to the left, you'll find a little faux grass area with doggy bags.Pros:- No casino, no smoke!- Suite style rooms with kitchen area (stove, utensils, pots, plates, etc.)- Pet friendly!- Across the street from Fashion Show Mall- Shuttle to Wynn and Caesar'sCons: - Valet parking only-- this makes the turnaround area in front of the hotel super crowded and difficult to access. Protip: Just park at the Fashion Show Mall parking lot across the street and walk...- Not directly on the strip, but this can be a pro and con, depending on your interests. Plus, the shuttle does help.- So many problems with our bill:We noticed a random charge on our bill when we were checking out, so we talked to the front desk about it and they took it off. Got home, looked at credit card statement, saw that we were STILL charged more than what our bill had said. Called Trump customer service and were told that they added a charge back on because they had to tax our pet fee? And they also charged us for an extra day?? But they said they would give us credits for the next time we stay at Trump and that they would confirm this by sending us an e-mail. Three or four days go by and still no e-mail, so we call again and finally figure things out. Way more hassle than it should have been. BUT all the staff who we met at the actual hotel very lovely people.tl;dr: Nice hotel, decent rooms, no smoke filling the lobby (yay!), location is ok, depending on how close to the strip you actually want to be, but customer service by phone could be better
5	I travel quite often and have stayed at resorts similar to the Trump Hotel.  After readings the reviews, I was shocked.  The entire experience for my husband and I was amazing.  The rooms are pristine with amazing views, lovely bedding, a huge tub with jacuzzi jets and a television in the restroom (built into the mirror).  Trump has done his legwork in terms of amenities.  Yes, there is a resort fee.  Internet, water and even complimentary headphones (upon request) are included.  Parking is free.  The staff really is welcoming and friendly with a professionalism of service unheard of in these days of attitudes and arrogance.  I love a hotel that has five star rooms and service yet strives to make every guest feel at home.  One negative, the service at the restaurant was sporadic but kind.  I waited for fifteen minutes for my coffee but I can forgive this as the server apologized and fixed the issue as soon as I reminded her.  The omelette was delicious but I could only eat half of it.    The hotel is close enough to walk to the strip (around a mile).  There is also a shuttle to the Wynn and Forum shops.The price of my bubble bath  at the Trump gift shop seemed high ($27.00) until I used it.  Quality item and I loved the Trump ties I saw there too but will look for them on sale!
3	My 3 day 2 nights in Vegas  were ruined as soon as Hotwire spit out the Trump hotel as our hotel for the weekend. I tried everything I could do to get out of the damn reservation, but I couldn't. So I decided even though it was off the strip, no casino, and only one small restaurant, I'd have to make the best of it. The hotel is beautiful. As soon as you pull up you are greeted by multiple valets/ bellhops who are more than eager to work for their tips by opening your door for you, grabbing your luggage and wheeling it away for you. Check in was a little bit of a wait, small front desk with only 4-5 employees to check in everyone. But try had a little beverage station to quench your thirst while waiting. They employee checked us in, and walked us to our elevator. Btw hidden hotel fees suck. I'm never using Hotwire, Priceline.. Again. $56 dollars later... We headed to our room. Which was kind of confusing because it had two numbers for one set of doors. Well there were two doors inside the first set of doors. We get in our room, and it was fabulous. Nothing too over the top. Huuuuge tub!! Oh my goodness. Best part of the entire room. They told us we had a city view. Opened the curtains... Yes it was a city view. Las Vegas city. Not the strip.. Lol oh well. It was still pretty. Kitchenette was nice, but I went to vegas to vacation.. I was not about to cook. Anyways. We had an issue with our tv, it wouldn't turn off, they sent someone ASAP.The robes are so soft and comfy. Room service was good. Kind of pricey, but isn't it always? Housekeeping was very thorough. The train passing by sucked... But I was awake already when it passed.No casino. No smoking. One bar. Mediocre food. Pool outdoor, closed at 5, super crowded full of kids. I give it a 3Wouldn't stay there again. It is nice though and the service is great
5	There really isn't much to add here given that there are nearly 700 reviews, but seriously one of the best hotels in Vegas.  Since my folks live here, I am in town a lot, and I've had my share of Vegas hotels.Well, this was a GEM!!  Highlights:*Scored an AHMAZINNGGG Hotwire deal with the Trump Hotel, less than $100 per night, and when we checked in, we scored an even more AMAZING upgrade for less than $30 more per night.*Awesome view of the strip*Right next to the mall (hellooo shoppers!!)*The tub.  I mean.....you can't much better than that jacuzzi tub!!!*The bed was huge and comfy*TONS of storage space for all your crap*Wifi and valet parking included with your resort fee*Away from all the hustle and bustle of the strip, super quiet.Now I won't even take away a star for this, but they seriously need more people working that front check in.  There is ALWAYS a long line, and after a long flight, we were so not in the mood for standing in line for 20+ minutes.But really, so worth it!!!!
5	I'd never thought to stay at the Trump on my past trips to Vegas because I thought it would be boring, having no casino, no clubs, and being slightly off the strip. Little did I know that this actually is what makes the Trump incredible! You can party all night and stumble into this classy, peaceful hotel without the scent of smoke and skanky drunks and old gamblers, then slip into your suite (they're all suites there), with its elegant decor, mini kitchen, and ginormous bathroom, and soak your night away in the huge jacuzzi bathtub or huge marble shower. Each room has a pull out bed, as well, so you can actually fit a lot of people in there. And I was so impressed by the closet space! The best part about the Trump is that it includes a 4pm checkout time all the time, at no extra charge. I can't stress how important that is after a night out in Vegas! There seem to be some great deals for this place if you check it out online, so I'll definitely make sure to look out for this as an option for my next wild Vegas trip!
2	I was lucky number.... not!!! I took my chances and went with Hotwire with the booking and to my disappointment, I got the Trump Hotel.  I figured, this can't be that bad... well, it sorta is.Trump Hotel:-Away from the strip, believe me it's a long walk to the general area-Resort fee ($25/night) for all the necessary inclusions like wifi, free shuttle to Wynn and Caesars, shoe shine (only for BLACK shoes! no cognac or brown),-No casino here-Restaurant below is disappointing-Stuck us in the handicap room... who does that?!-No housekeeping for 2 nights?! C'mon, get your act togetherAll in all, it's was a pretty bad experience for me and I would consider spending your dime elsewhere.  Extra thumbs down for no housekeeping. =(Meh...
4	This hotel's not on the strip but it sure is convenient.  Located right across Wynn and having free shuttle transportation, this hotel is a great place to stay at if you love cooking.  Most rooms have a small kitchenette with two burners.  The place is furnished with pretty much everything you need, including your regular juice glasses and champagne glasses.  They also have the latest late check out in the area -at 4PM!  And that's with no additional charge.  How could you not be pleased with that?  The only reason why I'd give this place a 4 stars instead of a 5 is that there is no casino downstairs, the bar closes at 12pm, and there are no restaurants downstairs/nearby opened 24 hours, and the bed's (and pillows) aren't as comfy as some of the better hotels like the Wynn.
5	I'm a little late on my review, but better late than never.  I visited Trump Towers in November, on Veteran's Day Weekend, which happens to be my significant others birthday as well as him being a veteran.  When I called in to reserve the room, the agent was amazing.  She asked the occasion and I told her to celebrate a birthday, but also he was a veteran.  I was booking a regular 1 bd suite.  She immediately asked me to thank him for his 11 years of service and upgrade us to a 1bd corner suite.  She also stated she would make sure there was a special gift in the room for him as well.  Upon arrival the staff was courteous.  And when we walked in the room, they had a bottle of champagne on ice awaiting.  And I have to say the corner suite view was AMAZING.  There were 2 bathrooms, and the bathroom inside the bedroom was incredible.  The over sized spa tub, with the large glass door shower could make for quite the erotic scene (if you're not too much of a square :-) ).  The second bathroom was great because as a lady, I had my make and hair products everywhere, so this way the nice bathroom stayed free of my girlie products.  The bed was also very comfy.  The overall experience was great.  I would definitely stay here again without any hesitation.  The only minor set back is that it's not on the strip, but they do offer shuttle service back and forth, so that remedies that slight set back.
5	I wanted to celebrate my 30th birthday in Vegas and after finding a great deal on bookit.com chose to give this hotel a try. It was a great experience and I would definitely recommend anyone to stay here. The room was big and clean, in room dining was yummy(cheese tortellini) and the very staff helpful. The location is pretty central in the strip. Oh yes the 4pm checkout is a great perk. They offer shuttle service to  Caesars Palace and Bellagio which is very helpful since taxi drivers expect you to walk to what they consider "close". Bottom line I would recommend and would stay again.
4	If you have the money and want to get away from the strip and all those pesky tourists and gambling and such, then trump maybe for you! Pros: extremely attentive and courteous staff. They will come up to you and ask for any help.Spacious suites, we were in suite 6400, right under the Trump sign. Amazing views of Vegas and Nevada! TV's in the mirrors of the bathroom. Comfy chairs. Negatives: no general parking, everything is valet. May take awhile on Friday/Saturday night.Pool is too shallow and nothing amazing. TV is complicated! Couldn't figure how to use or turn off. Left it running. Also wish they had an auxiliary cable to connect to surround sound, wanted to connect my laptop/iphone to play some jams.
4	In a word.....beautiful!I only visited this hotel for a business meeting and I really wished I would have stayed there. Although there is no casino on the property they Wynn is a quick walk (without heels!) down the block. When I first walked into the lobby there was an incredible scent and the surroundings were soft and inviting. I quite literally felt transported elsewhere. The room that I saw was very nice with a mini kitchen area and lovely decor.I'd stay here in a heartbeat!
5	The best hotel me and my wife have ever stayed at.  Great service and clean rooms and always greeted at the front door with a warm smile:).  If your going to stay In LV you need to stay here
3	Mr. Trump didn't have very good taste, but the service is good and the pool nice so not much to complain about.
4	This was a decent place to stay, if what you're looking for is a solid luxury room.  If you want a casino on site, no.  It's a bit of a walk to everything, and they have a couple of complimentary shuttles, but they don't run often enough.The staff is fantastic however.  The lady who took care of our room was amazingly nice, and quite attentive to our needs.Would I stay here again? No, I'd rather be a bit closer to the action.  But for a solid room and great hospitality, it was pretty good.
5	Been there many many many times...so...If you want to go to Vegas to spend some time relaxing, without the noise, smoke & casino this is the place to stay. Rooms are excellent, very clean. Valet parking is absolutely great and convenient. Shuttles are usually on time. Room service is nice and quick. Bathrooms are huge and jet-tub equipped. I can't say I didn't have some problems during all the stays there, but issues were always properly resolved. 5 stars all the way.
3	Great corner suite room for great price but it's far from everything except the shopping center across the street. Room service was not good served Hawaiian rolls from Von's.  One of the TVs didn't work and the front desk couldn't figure it out. Would I stay here again, no.
4	Obviously, Trump has the reputation of being one of the nicer hotels in the city. For the most part, it didn't disappoint! You don't realize how pervasive cigarette smoke is here until you get to spend time in a smoke-free hotel. The whole place smells wonderful! Check-in was a breeze. The agent was hell-bent on finding us a better room than the one we originally had. We went from a mountain-view room to a strip-view, considerably higher up in the building. Since Trump offers free late check out (4 pm!), there may be a small wait until your room is ready. After rocketing up to the 47th floor (holy moly, those elevators are speedy!), we headed to the room. A tip: there will be one set of double doors with two room numbers on it. They lead to a foyer, with separate doors for each room. We were thrown for a minute, not wanting to walk into someone else's room, but no worries. The room (a one bed studio) was very nice. Comparable to Caesars or the Venetian. As with a lot of these places, you find chips and scratches in most of the furniture (I ended up with a splinter because of that, so watch it!). Maybe I have a weird obsession, but the bathroom was definitely the best part! Gorgeous and very well-appointed. The tub...oh goodness. Enough room for you and 3 of your friends, with jets! FYI, it takes forever to fill. There is a separate, glass enclosed shower, which will also accommodate the friends ;) The TV in the mirror is a nice touch!Each room has a kitchenette, complete with pots, pans, utensils, a blender, glasses, etc. Two downsides during our stay: First, they provide down pillows, which, as far as I'm concerned, come straight from Satan. Miserable. Second, there is no self-park, which is fine. In its place, the hotel provides valet, again fine. Except the whole situation is so poorly organized. There's no order, so cars are sitting around willy nilly. Because of this, it takes quite a while for your car to get to you. It would make much more sense to have designated lanes for taxis, incoming cars, outgoing cars and a through lane. Instead, there are no lanes, so it can be a mess. A 20 minute wait for your car is not abnormal.
4	Best experience ever!! The spa it's great they have a full gym also pool is great and jacuzzi too! Drinks are fine!! Our room it was amazing they have everything you need and nice view too! In the room they all have a bath tube w turbo jets! Also a shower too then they also have microwave  fridge it's like a mini apartment furnish! They don't have a casino and they are a nonsmoking hotel!! For me it's a 5-star hotel all the way!
4	For my first Vegas trip, I had a great time staying at the Trump Hotel! It's very nice, on the inside and out, the pool was great too! Service was very friendly. I'd definitely stay here again. Only downside was that it is slightly off the strip, and a couple of times the line for the shuttle to Ceasar's Palace was quite long. They should definitely let the shuttle to the Wynn take passengers to Ceasar's if there isn't anyone in line for the Wynn!
5	I loved my stay at trump!  If you are looking for a hotel that doesn't have the congestion of gambling visitors and smoke, then this hotel is for you.  The staff was very friendly and the Hotel extremely clean!  I am over 6 Ft tall and the tub was long and deep with jets.  I was able to really enjoy a relaxing soak after a night of partying.  I will be back at Trump International for my next trip to Vegas.  Also there is a shopping mall across the street from the Hotel.
2	Have you ever had the desire to listen to a train blasting its horn at 2am, 4am and 5am? What about constant honking from the congested valet parking area? Or, have always wanted to turn on a TV and enjoy the crackle of completely blown speakers?  What about...taking a mildly warm shower with only one of the shower heads pumping out warm water and the other producing cold? Then the Trump is the place for you! We've stayed at numerous hotels in Las Vegas. We do not spend a ton of time in the room... it's Vegas of course and you are there to have fun.  But, with that being said, your room should be a place you can retreat too when it's time to rest from all the fun. We tried the Trump and after reading some reviews about the train I was a little concerned. In the end we booked with them and took a chance.  I let the front desk know during checking it was our first time at the hotel and I was a little concerned about the train. The staff were very professional and courteous. The guy who checked us in mentioned we shouldn't hear anything as the building was designed very well and if so, let them know and they would accommodate us.  We were up on the 34th floor.  Upon entering the room, it was clean but a little worn looking. I turned on the TV to rest from the days travel and the speakers were blown as mentioned. TV #2 in the bedroom worked and I just pressed on ... we were not going to watch a lot of TV while there but... the set needed to be fixed at some point.. if not for us.. some other guests. Even up on the 34th floor you could hear a lot of honking going on below.  The way the hotel is setup.. the valet area is very small and it gets congested quick. The staff work hard to keep it moving but they get overwhelmed. So, this causes frustrations for people trying to leave, trying to merge on the the street and for the traffic on the street. Poor setup and flow. The hotel offers a shuttle service to the Bellagio and Caesar's.  it's a cattle call and the typical wait time is about 30 min.  It's just easier to catch a cab and move on. Again.. the staff/valet were nice/professional.  After a fun night out on the town... as I mentioned... the showers were luke warm at best and cold most of the time. Maybe we just got a room with issues? But, it just wasn't what we expected. I knew after being able to hear the cars below.... if the train did blast its horn... we would hear it... again... even up on the 34th floor.   Well... 2am rolls around... HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORN BLAAAAAAAAAST!   I just had to laugh.  This hotel is lauded for being so great when it was just average at best. The train sounded off again at 4 and 5.  I can't even imagine what the people on the first few floors must have heard. All in all... the Trump did not live up to what I have read in the glowing reviews on Yelp.  The place looked  worn, had noise problems and several other issues.  We will not be going back and we will not recommend others to stay there. Frank
5	What a Hotel !!!! Best Ever !!!Here are the highlights:1. Valet Parking2. Luggage drop-off and pick up service3. Smoke Free4. Smells Great5. Huge rooms6. Come with all possible amenities - Hot Plates, Toaster, Microwave, Fridge, Cuttleries and Crockeries, coffee machine, 2 complimentary water bottles everyday7. Jaccuzi tub8. T.V. in the bathroom mirror9. Morning news-paper10. Complimentary drop-off to and pick-up from Ceaser Palace and Wynn12. At a 5 to 15 min walking distance from Wynn, Encore, T.I., Mirage, Venetian, yet a little off from the noise, smelly and smokey strip hustle and bustle. 13. Free wi-fi14. Flat Screen T.V.15. Iron board and Iron box.Hands-down my first and only choice going forward.
5	I am not a fan of Donald Trump so I was shocked when the Trump came up as the hotel I booked on one of those sites that won't reveal the name until you book. Anyways, I could not cancel it so the Trump it was going to be.  We stayed here for one night and  I really liked it.  It is one of the most, if not the most, luxurious room I have ever stayed at.  We were offered an upgrade for $75 more at check in and I said "ok why not you only live once."  It was worth it.  We had 2 bathrooms and a separate living room as well as a full kitchen.  I could not ask for more.  Marble throughout and an all stainless steel kitchen.  The room was clean and our bellman walked us through the amenities. Also had a great view of the strip.  Only bad thing was hearing the train and being woken up at 3am. Also, the shuttle service was very slow and we ended up just walking. There were a lot of smokers outside which made it very uncomfortable to breathe. It was also nice not to have to walk through a casino to get to your room.  We have kids so this was a hassle at other hotels.
5	I'm not a big fan of the trumpeter himself but his hotel was more than I expected. First off, the venue fare for each night is as competitive to any other hotel. The big difference? No casino, no smoke, no maze to walk to the strip. What made this place stand out are their regular rooms. Each has a kitchenette which has plates, utensils, fridge, oven. Everything you possibly need to make you feel at home. Seriously if you have kids, this hotel is haven.
5	My GF and I came to Vegas for a week vacation. She had been to Vegas couple times and I went to school here so I conceder myself a local. Have been too been to several hotels around town and the Trump is by FAR the best in VegasTo start, the Trump is reasonably prices (for a 5 star) the guest services are very nice and treat you well as you come in the door. The Lobby is clean, well laid out and beautifully appointed. Big plus for me was that this hotel does not try and nickel and dime you, Internet, paper, pool and much more are part of the room fee.  Hell I have seen hotels try and charge you bottled water but not here.All rooms as suites and we got the city view which is what really made the stay the best. So here is the break downPROs:1.) Clean and beautifully done hotel 2.) Friendly Staff who are quick to respond to each request and with a smile3.) Great rooms with stocked kitchen (for 2)4.) Great Views5.) One if the best beds I have "slept" on. 6.) Huge/ deep jet Tub7.) TV in the Bathroom mirror (Basically a bathroom you want to hang out in )8.) Pool is great and again staff is helpful. CONs:1.) TV sucks, (Freezes, delay in channel change limited channels) Then again who goes to Vegas to watch to TV!!2.) Train noise is unavoidable, no matter what room you are in you will hear it. I think it just blends with the city noise.Final: Not only will we be coming back, but this makes us want to travel to the other hotels in the chain.
5	Nicest hotel I've ever been to.Vegas is a place to splurge -- that goes without saying. I know of people who are willing to spend up to $500/night on top-notch hotels. I found a deal for a 5-star hotel for $133/night on Hotwire on the North Strip fully aware it was probably going to be the Trump -- I doubt the Wynn would offer a room at that price. What I would get was worth every penny.The service is absolutely incredible. Everybody was super friendly and helpful. I had a bottle of alcohol spill in my suitcase and they told me what I needed to do.The Donald had this hotel covered in I believe 18-carat gold. That's right, he covered the exterior of this high-rise hotel in gold. It's a bit much, if you ask me, but the Donald does not fool around. He means business.There's no casino attached to the hotel, so everything is nice and quiet.The rooms are palatial. They come with a microwave, fridge, complimentary bottled water, and a large bathroom. I sunk right into the bed in my room. Easily the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in.The views from the hotel are absolutely breathtaking, too.My only complaint is the location. It's off the strip about 1/4 mile across from the Fashion Show Mall, but they have complimentary shuttles to the Wynn and the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace to eliminate a lot of the walking you'll do.
3	I really expected more from 'Donald'....the service was everything I expected!  The rooms were clean although not as 'classy' as I would expect from Trump.  We upgraded to a nicer room, although still not as 'new and fresh' as other hotels we have visited in the past.No casino in the building was a plus because they have a shuttle every 10 min. Going to several other nearby hotel casinos...this made it less crowded and no smoke inside!Tip: if you like to enjoy a nice pool, this may not be the best choice...the pool is too  small and over-crowded on a warm day!  The hotel gym rates a 5 on a 1-10 scale...The room service is great and we were also pleased with the dining room.Positives: the mall is right across the street.  Negatives: the train was load and even on the 45th floor, we still heard it a few times a night!I give his experience 3 1/2 stars!
5	Hands down, the BEST hotel I have stayed in in Vegas. Possibly anywhere. If I could give it more than 5 stars, I would.First, the only parking is complimentary valet parking. Which is awesome. And makes you feel pretty legit, especially when you're not swanky enough to usually valet park your car. The girl that checked us in was very nice and very helpful. She made light conversation with us and was very polite. All of the staff that we came in contact with were the same way. And I really appreciated when we came in late one night, that they were checking everyone's room keys before they could get on the elevators. The hotel lobby was beautiful and well-kept. I really appreciated that there wasn't a casino attached because it made everything look that much classier and nicer. We just got the standard room but it was HUGE. King-sized bed, more closets than I have in my house, a kitchenette with a sink, mini-fridge, toaster, etc., and a sitting area with a couch and two chairs. And the BATHROOM. I have never in my life seen a bigger hotel room bathroom. A shower that could have easily fit ten people, a walled off area for the toilet, double sinks, a HUGE jetted tub, and a TV IN THE MIRROR. I felt like a queen. The only problem we had was the reception on the TV. About every three minutes, the picture would freeze and would stay that way for another minute or two. But when you're in Vegas, you don't spend much time laying around watching TV, so it wasn't a huge deal. I fully plan on returning to this hotel whenever I'm in Vegas. And I HIGHLY recommend staying here.
4	Good! They don't have self-parking, but valet is pretty fast. Internet is very good. Microwave, refrigerator, stove look like brand new. We really like that there is no casino here and it's quiet, not like in other hotels.
4	I must say, this is one of the best hotels I've stayed at. So lets just jump right into it: 1) Very nice and helpful staff. Great customer service. 2) LOVED the late check out - And I don't mean 12pm.. Their late check out is 4pm! Totally loved it. 3) This hotel is not a casino, but they did have a store downstairs to purchase pills, water, etc. 4) Since the hotel is not located directly on the strip they have a free shuttle service to the strip. Although it's not right on the strip it is right across the street from the mall. 5) They also have a shuttle service to the airport for a fee.  Now for the room: We got a simple king size bedroom, but I was impressed by it. The room was equipped with a small kitchenette with stovetop and mini fridge. Stocked with cups, plates, and utensils, which came in handy. There was also a pull out bed. The restroom was pretty large, with dual sinks and a tv in the mirror. Although I didn't get to use the jet tub, it was large enough for 2 people. One thing I didn't like about the restroom was the shower. The shower head was in the huge jet tub. It was awkward because jet tubs are deep with a higher and thicker ledge. The shower head also didn't have enough pressure. The only reason I didn't give this hotel 5 stars is because of the location and the shower situation. I wish they would have made a separate shower, the restroom was certainly big enough for it.
5	This is our Vegas place to stay!  5 star all the way. Service, cleanliness, one bedroom suite is awesome,  smoke free and right off the strip. Valet parking that is very fast and courteous. The Trump treats you like you a VIP!   They offer free shuttle to and from The Wynn and Caesars Palace that we use all the time.  We cant wait to go back again.
5	Now I know why there are so many good reviews of this hotel!  I LOVED staying here for 3 nights in Vegas this past weekend.  I'm going to list all of the hotel's awesome qualities just like some other ppl below are doing.-The staff was amazing!  Soooo nice!  From the man who opens car doors, to the girl at the check-in counter and the man who brought our room service order at 2am, every single person was likeable and extra friendly.-The room was fantastic!  It was just my friend and I staying, so for just 2 people the room was enormous, but it made the experience so fun and relaxing.  There is a full kitchen in each room which I wasn't expecting, but it's not one of those lame kitchens that they have in those extended stay dumps, this was a beautiful little kitchenette that wasn't even noticeable.  There was a large tub with strong jets, plus a separate shower and toilet room.  The living room area of our room was great!  2 big chairs, and a very cozy couch.  I was just extremely impressed with the room.-There are 2 free shuttles, one for the Wynn (essential if you're planning on partying at Tryst, XS or Surrender or Encore Beach), and one that drops you off at Caesar's palace (perfect spot for anything else on the strip).  We used both shuttles and barely had to wait at all to pick them up.-4pm check out man.... they spoil us!!  Warning though, they will soon be discontinuing the 4pm late check out because there is not enough time for the staff to clean the rooms for incoming customers.... sorry....but they still have it going on for a little longer so you can always ask.The above things were what made our hotel stay amazing.  The fact that it's not exactly on the strip was a non-factor for us, especially because of the free shuttles.  Also, it was so nice not to walk into a smelly casino every time we entered our hotel.  I am a picky girl, but I would highly recommend this hotel and I will be staying there again.One more thing that's a little negative:  They charge $25/night "resort fee".  Included in this fee are the shuttles, $25 in spa services and free wi-fi.  I hate paying these hidden resort fees, but it seems like it's standard for vegas hotels now a days.  At LEAST Wi-Fi is included.  But I'd still recommend this hotel, just factor in the extra $25/day.
5	The Trump deserves 5 stars because.....1. I love the full kitchen. We went shopping once we got into town and got food and alcohol.  The fridge had an ice maker too! So, we saved so much money!! It was awesome to make pizza after a long night and then to have eggs and hash browns in the morning!!! 2. I like that the hotel is a lil far away from the strip. Its quiet and peaceful. 3. I like the simplicity: no casino downstairs, no maze to get to your room. 4. Our room was gorgeous and luxury.5. Service was awesome. 6. I loved the gym too! I can't believe I actually worked out everyday I was there!!!!????7. They have a free shuttle service to Caeser's Palace.We said on our first day..."let's not stay anywhere else from now on"The only negative thing I can say is...there's a train that goes right by the Trump very early in the morning. I never heard it cuz I had ear plugs. But my boyfriend was woken up every morning by the train. So, yeah....bring the ear plugs.
5	Amazing stay at Trump Las Vegas.  I arrived at 11:30pm on a Thursday and surprisingly there were 3 agents ready for late comers.  The agent immediately greeted me and asked how my flight was. I like the fact that he walked me to the elevator just to show the way. They put me in the 57th floor with city / mountain view. I love the fresh fragrance as soon as you walk in the hotel. Here are the goods (See my pics)1) Love the double door entrance that reveals 2 separate doors to rooms.2) The common areas / hallways are immaculate. Fresh smell everywhere!3) Enormous bedroom with king bed, 2 closets, shelves, stove, micro, LCD, fridge, drawers/ storage galore, utensils, plates, book shelves.4) Writing desk, separate living area with couch and 2 love seats.5) Free internet is super fast (included with resort fee)6) Bathroom is almost the size of a NY efficiency :) Double sinks, marble everywhere, jacuzzi tub (with 3 jet settings...we had fun with this one), separate shower, toilet, and the best is the built in LCD in the mirror (see pic)7) Had a view of Stratoshpere and mountains...Gorgeous!8) Love the electronic "Do Not Disturb" / "Housekeeping" button switches cause I always tend to misplace or put the wrong side of the plastic hanging ones...lol9) Free valet (included with resort fee). It takes only about 5 minutes to get your car. Its just east to leave the car, get out, walk to elevator and be in your room compared to getting lost in the casino and looking up for signs and taking the wrong side of the elevator (I have clearly done this inebriated). There's also plenty of parking across (Fashion Mall) few steps away if you don't want to use valet.10) Free shuttle to major hotels (City Center, Ceasars, MGM) but you can cut through Fashion Mall and go to Treasure Island , Mirage, take bridge to Palazzo and walking distance to Encore & Wynn.11) The hotel was hosting a convention but it never felt congested compared to gaming hotels.12) The pool...wow..love the bar / drinks, people and the gym. It's perfect for a quick dip on a hot dessert weather :)I visit Las Vegas 2x a year not just to gamble, but for the shows and to hang with friends from Cali. I've always stayed at different hotels but this by far is my favorite in my case. For the good deal I paid, they have exceeded my expectations and will stay here again.  Almost forgot, their check out is at 4PM...Yeah!
5	In one of my frequent trips to Vegas, I had the pleasure of staying at Trump and it was LOVELY. My room was EXCELLENT and the view of the mountains was superb.  It's located off of the strip but still convenient to the strip and there is a shopping center right across the street. I have only good things to say about the establishment too bad I don't have kind words for the owner.
4	Of all our past trips to Vegas, this was the first time ever that we stayed off the Strip. In fact, the Trump is probably the "farthest" we will stay off the Strip since it's only less than a 10-min walk to the Strip.The building was originally built as a residence but was converted to a hotel. We originally reserved a studio but thanks to my husband who decided to add in an extra treat for my birthday, he decided to upgrade our reservation to a 1-bedroom suite. There was a kitchen (fitted with a fridge, oven, microwave, electric stove, kettle, toaster, silverware, plates), and a large enough living room with an L-section couch and a 4-seater dining table. The master bedroom has an attached bathroom that is huge enough to fit 2 sinks, a dressing table, a jacuzzi, a shower stall, and a separate area for the toilet bowl. There was a second bathroom in the living room area. It's definitely big enough if our family joined us. The room amenities made our stay very convenient and we were able to eat something quick in the morning our suite before heading to the pool.The decor is alright. I'm not sure if "dated" is the right word but it was of the classic type and definitely not contemporary like the Encore at the Wynn where we've stayed during our last two trips. The hallways at the Trump is beige and maybe a little dull... again, not sure if "dated" is the right word because the hotel clearly isn't old, but it's just a little too mundane.This hotel is not really a resort-type of hotel so the pool area is just your rectangular shaped pool and guests surround the pool to tan. Again, if I were to compare the Trump with the Wynn and the Encore, the pool over there is almost like a sprawling area in itself. As for the pool area at the Trump, what you see in front of you is all there is to it. Pretty small area but it does its job if you're just there to lay by the pool but be sure to get there early as the chairs get taken up before lunch time.There's no casino at the Trump and it's also non-smoking. Literally right across the street is Nordstrom which is part of the Fashion Show Mall. So you can either get to the Strip by walking through Fashion Show Mall if you want to escape the heat, or you can just walk outside along the sidewalk from the Trump to the Strip. For an off-the-strip hotel, the location is very convenient and easily accessible. Overall, it's a very good choice of hotel but again, it lacks the hip and modern factor that Vegas is all about. Not a big deal but my heart still has a special place at the Encore at the Wynn :)
5	Being that this hotel has the word Trump in it, I didn't want to book it and I didn't want to like.  However, hard as I try I can't find any reason not to give it a 5 star.  We did book through a travelzoo deal and expected to get 2nd hand treatment similar to other bookings I've had through hotwire; however, it was anything but the case.  The hotel is located a little bit to the side of the strip right across from the Mall with Nordstorm and about a 8 minute walk from the new Wyn towers.  There are no casinos in the hotel and was exactly what I wanted.  The smoke of stale cigarettes and beer is not what I want to smell right before bed.   There is a shuttle that takes you to either Ceasar's palace or the Wyn every 10-15 minutes.There is only valet parking - Good because you don't have to walk back through the heat of lots to your hotel, bad because its really annoying to call up a valet each time you forget something like say beer in the car.The room we had was HUGE.  We had a king size bed, a love seat, a little couch, a kitchen area with a tea pot, coffee maker, one of those European two burner stoves, a mini fridge, and drawer with utensils, can opener, bottle opener, etc waiting for you to move in.  And the bathroom had a shower, two sinks, a toilet area, and a hot tub and a TV! Very cool to watch the news while brushing my teeth.  The beds were comfy and I never heard any of the noise from the side-rooms which I was surprised to learned had like 20 kids in there, or the hallway.  So good internal soundproofing.  HOWEVER, the room we were in faced a train stop or something where in the middle of the night there were one or two (maybe three) loud train honks.  I heard one at night, but I once I'm asleep, it didn't bother me.  It did bother my bf whose a very light sleeper, so you might want to ask about that before checking in to get to the other side.I mentioned the trains as a sidenote about my boyfriend when I checked out and said it didn't bother me at all since I slept through it all.  The guy said our hotel stay is pre-payed already but he waived all our charges such as the resort fee without a second comment.  I didn't think the train was that bad (BF did) but I can't say no to free stuff and no resort fee for a few days.  The resort fees I think are $25 per day.There's a pool area with very comfy chairs.My only real complaint is the gym! The gym was nice, had wet towels, dry towels, 10 treadmills or so, a few ellipticals, weights, water and everything a gym needs but it was like 75 or 80 degrees there! I know people who sit and walk in a gym like it warm, but those of us who try to run are dying! Might as well just run outside, that's hot hot it was in there!  Really a shame because it was one of the nicer hotel gyms I've been too, just wish they lowered the temperature there a bit more.However, after camping for a week in a small tent on the ground, life couldn't get any better than our stay at Trump tower vegas.
4	I just went downstairs to the front desk with my computer and asked for a 15 page document to be printed out. Morgan Esle, the receptionist asked me to email him and he printed it quickly. He didn't even charge me anything, he just gave it to me paperclipped and delightfully wished me a good evening. Great staff and friendly service!
5	This hotel is located across from Fashion Show mall. It's a little further from the strip but there are two free shuttles that take you to and from the Wynn and Caesars Palace until midnight. The decor is really classy and pretty with plenty of chandeliers in the lobby. The room was really spacious, the shower was giant, the bed was comfy, and I felt like I was at home. I also loved that there was complimentary bottled water and wifi. The gym had plenty of treadmills and the outdoor pool and jacuzzi were nice. I would recommend using Priceline when booking your hotel.
2	Is it me or does it seem like Trump spent the majority of his budget on the exterior golden windows and lobby. Guestrooms were NOT impressive enough, after walking through the amazing lobby and  front desk area. Very dissapointed. For looking like a gold brick from the outside, the guestrooms are dull and lifeless.After staying at Wynn and Encore, Trump tower seems like a slight downgrade. I mean its probably fine if im a 65 yr old woman. Service here is seriously BELOW average. The Valet failed at washing my car, when they PROMISED to do so. They expected me to roll around Las Vegas Blvd in my dusty vehicle, dirty from my 9 hour drive!! super pissed!! At least they offered me a free towncar to and from The Strip. And later that night, they finally detailed our suv.Also......One of the girls at the poolside cafe, accidently, charged my boyfriend $200 for suntan lotion instead of $20. So glad he noticed and had the manager refund the 180$ (which took over 25 minutes of valuable tanning time.)Some good things i liked about Trump was the food at the Poolside cafe. yummy. The gym was very nice too! I had a great workout.I also Loved the decor.... in the LOBBY.. ONLY... Prob wont be back to the Trump International... unless i have a free offer. Encore is my HOME
1	I arrived at the trump to hear that they over booked and want to refund my money and put me up in another hotel. So why not right. I didn't know that the manager that promised me that really didnt intend on refunding me my money. Basically I had to talk to an array of people to even attempt to get my money back. In the end all they wanted to do is give me another night stay. I had to call my bank to get my money back. Worst experience in a long time. I will never stay at the trump.
4	The staff was very nice, cool room. We booked through hotwire which is great.  It had a refrigerator and free coffee which is good.  It was $100 dollars for the room, but then you have to add on the stupid $25 dollar resort fee.  Unfortunately that is what hotel's are charging now  a day in Reno and worst in Las Vegas.  It was very good, free shuttle service to Caesar's Palace which was good and to the airport.  They do upgrades, but $50 dollars a night was probably not worth it, but they did give us a room on the 59th floor which was cool.
3	I gave it a 3 star because overall the hotel was just ok, I did expect It to be better..  First time at the Trump hotel and found mold food in the refrigerator!! Customer service is not that great..Housekeeping took forever to clean my room, I did call early in the morning to inform them I need housekeeping which was provided but finish around 3pm... The hotel is away from the strip..we have to take taxi to and from Caesars Palace even though there was shuttle provided because we have to wait at least more then 25 min. Shuttle does stop at midnight which sucks because we can't enjoy ourselves just worrying the shuttle will stop soon and that's why we have to take taxi which charge us $20 plus tips and taxi driver doesn't want just $1 tip, they want more....It's best to stay on the strip so no more taxi or shuttle rides !!Pros:Quiet, luxurious, doesn't smell, kitchen in the suites, luxurious bathroomCons:just a few minor things. The shuttles stop way too early and it take a long time to pick you up. It's far away from the strip if you were to walk..there's really nothing to do at the hotel..it's just a basic hotel with a pool and a gym..
4	On any given day, I would not give Trump the steam off my piss. But going to Vegas for a bachelor party,  the deal the Trump was offering was hard to resist. The building fits into the Vegas landscape, "in your face, brash all gold everything". After a brief kerfuffle with the check in lady, who nonetheless,  kept her polite countenance throughout, I got the key card to my room on the 54th floor. Massive  1 bedroom suite, with a kitchen and , cooking utensils and cutlery (silverware for my American friends), floor to ceiling glass windows. The bathroom is gigantic, TV in the bathroom mirror, phone in the toilet, hot-tub large enough to fit a small family, massage shower, free wi-fi.. this could be fun, i was saying to myself. Everything was spotless, the flatscreen TV in the room was on the smaller side, with rather limited number of channels, but i guess who goes to Vegas to watch TV? Downside to the hotel, it is off the strip, though there is a shuttle to the Wynn and there is no casino, personally i couldn't be bothered.A major plus, is the $10 non-stop shuttle to the airport. Check out was a breeze, staff most polite and graceful.
4	They are getting better in some ways and other ways not so much. we have stayed here 6-8 times. They are increasing the room amenities like adding sugar scrub for the bath, bath salts, loofah, mouthwash, shave kits, toothbrushes, slippers, etc...which are nice touchesLove that this location is so close to the Wynn and fashion mall. I also love their nonstop shuttles to the Wynn and forum shops. It's easy to take the free shuttle to and from forum shops then head out further south from there instead of taking a cab or walking.The pool area I think could be nicer... I feel the hot tubs are only ok and kinda smelled weird around them last time we were there. Also the bar used to do an awesome happy hour (still do happy hour but it's not awesome)... U were able to get any specialty cocktail for 5$ ... Now just well drinks. Boo. The one bedroom suites come with a very high end little kitchen which is great if u are gonna buy drinks or have leftovers to microwave up or store in the fridge.  We once were craving making blinis and having caviar and champagne to live the high life so we went to the store to buy stuff and made it in the room....For cheap instead of spending 100s on the strip. Super convenient.The tv in the mirror of the bathroom is a little gimmicky to me as its not that big or clear so we never use it. Utilized the spa for the amenities but didn't have a service, it's a pretty basic bare bones spa.. No soaking tubs just sauna and steam room. All and all a solid hotel but doesn't have the whimsy or Vegas charm that other casino-hotels have. .... It smells really nice in  the lobby though...
3	I had always wanted to stay here, but I was expecting the very best and didn't find it.  The rooms are very well designed and decorated, but the furniture was banged up, stained and scratched.  Upon arrival I had no hangers, one bathroom faucet wasn't working, both wardrobe/closet lights were broken, and the clock-radio was simply missing.  When a clock-radio was finally delivered, it had no antenna, so I gave up on music.  The towels were also very hard and scratchy.  I was also disappointed to find that this hotel is not actually "on" the strip but rather almost a full block off (misleading), and too far to walk when it is very hot outside.  There is only 1 true restaurant in the hotel, plus a tiny disappointing cafe by the pool.  And when I asked the concierge where I could enjoy breakfast outside, I was told nowhere.  I was told that you cannot take food and drink to the pool area!  Unheard of!  I was told I could go get my food at the bar and take it to the sundeck...which turns out to be a barren concrete area with no tables or shade (or people).  They wouldn't even deliver food to the deck.  Overall, this hotel is very limited and lacks a lot of things, and services, I expected to find in a Trump property.  Certainly not a 5-star hotel.  I will not return.
4	El Hubby Cakes and I love Trump Hotel!!! It smells so nice and sweet when you walk in the lobby because there's no casino. Love that! The staff are extremely friendly and helpful, it's ridiculous ( in a good away, of course).We stayed for the weekend and we got a nice suite with a beautiful view of the strip, large and spacious bathroom with TV in the mirror, which was pretty cool. It had a modern yet homey feel to itI just didn't like how the RECEPTION WAS VERY POOR! I had to stand by the window just to txt and get a txt. We also had to charge our phones by the window or else it would take forever to charge because our phones were constantly trying to find signal.Other than that, it's a great hotel to stay in!
5	I'm giving the Trump 5 stars with the caveat that I didn't eat here, only slept and hung out at the bar.  I really liked the Trump - it was nothing like I expected.  Guess I figured it would be over the top/gauche  but it was tastefully appointed, no casino (which I loved) and even better NO SMOKE!!  The rooms had a little stove and subzero so would nice for staying in...best part?  ACROSS FROM NORDSTROM! I used the mall to cut through to the strip and was able to walk every where.  Also a little tip, there is a Nordstrom cafe on the third floor of the store with great food (you would have paid 2x+ at the hotel).
2	Well.  I really wish I had a better review.  We really didnt have a good experience and wont be back.  The service is really, really lacking.  Something is wrong with housekeeping.Our room didnt have a luggage rack (waited 20 minutes to unpack)  Discovered the next morning that I didnt have a hairdryer (waited 30 minutes for them to bring one)  Housekeeping never came when we requested, however they were in our room at 3pm when we came back from shopping.  This hotel, even though its a non gaming, is not without trash.  Dont think you are getting anything extra special.  What you are getting is a hotel that really far away from the strip, very poor service disguised by a good name.  We will not be back,
4	I loved the Trump for many reasons:1. It's quiet. I needed some sleep, stat.2. Jet tubs + TV's in the mirror.3. No smoking, no casino, no screens flashing all around you.4. Service was almost as good as the Four SeasonsWhy they don't get 5 stars:1. They don't have enough umbrellas or shade by the pool. This is Vegas. I'm pale. And it's hot. My pool time was cut short because of this. Not cool. 2. The room was void of robes and they ran out of the wine I ordered. However, they did refund my resort fee when I mentioned how I wasn't completely relaxed because of this. 3. The free wifi was slow. I hate slow Internet. I think it's a great hotel if you prefer somewhere a bit off the strip, expect great service and don't want the noise and smell of a casino.
1	This is the second time that we've stayed at the Trump. It's been a few years but I have to say that my second time will be the last time.  Upon arrival, we got into our room quickly. As we settled in, we turned the TV on. Or tried....it didn't work. We called downstairs and within 10 minutes, maintenance came up. It was a quick fix with a circuit breaker issue and he was on his way. We then went downstairs for a drink in the lounge. When we got back upstairs, we then saw that the garbage can near the desk had not been emptied. There were dirty q-tips on the floor near the garbage can, and it was filled with empty coffee creamer, orange seeds, etc. After inspecting the rest of the room, I realized that the bathroom tub wasn't all that clean. Not feeling all that confident that the room had been thoroughly cleaned, I called down and asked for a room switch. I was told that they would send somebody up with new room keys and escort us to our new room. That took about 25 minutes. Now we were on a time crunch to get showered and ready for dinner. Upon entering the new room, my husband tried the TV. Guess what? It didn't work! Surprise, surprise. At this point, we had to leave for dinner so we called down to let them know that the second room's TV didn't work either. In a rush to make our reservation, we left the room and realized we forgot something, so we ran back to the room. The new keys didn't work! Sigh....we decided to wait until we got home later that evening to deal with it. Later we got back to the hotel and talked with the front desk. We explained our situation and politely expressed our annoyances with what had happened since check-in. The person working the desk said he needed to check on something for us. When he came back, he told us that he "wanted us to go and settle in our room and enjoy yourselves" and that he would be "sending a bottle of champagne up to the room for you." But he kept repeating that he wanted us to "enjoy ourselves", which was a little creepy to me.   It was 2:30 am by the time we got to the room and I was ready to go to bed. We waited and waited and finally I fell asleep. About 40 minutes later, the bottle of champagne was brought up to our room. As the weekend progressed, there were more things that were disappointing. The second TV in the bathroom never worked, there was a light out in the bathroom and the toilet barely flushed. However, we just let it go because we thought we'd just get another bottle of champagne...whoo-hoo! I'm not even a champagne drinker, so that "reward" meant nothing for the inconvenience. We've stayed at several wonderful 5 star hotels in Vegas....the Wynn, Mandarin Oriental, Cosmopolitan...and the Trump has a long way to go if it wants to be compared to these hotels! Aside from the decent bed/pillows, there wasn't much that excited me about this time at the Trump. I think we'll pass next time.
4	Just got back from Vegas with the hub and our two Chi's.  Yes, the dogs went to Vegas! We got looks from "oh so cute" to "what the..." Hey, can't leave home without them.  But back to the TIH.  We were most impressed.  I love the fact that there is NO Casino upon entering the premises like at the TI or Wynn.  And the fact that it's a bit off the Strip was not a deal breaker. Really, it's a five minute walk if you quicken your steps. And, of course, we enjoyed having the kichenette in our studio and the TV in the bathroom mirror...wow!The service was impeccable.  We felt like VIPs and this all happened by the luck of the draw on Hotwire.  We had no idea where we were staying until after we made payment.  When I realized it was Trump, I frowned.  I have my issues with the Donald but I like his stamp on the hotel.The thing I didn't like the most was all the fees! There's a $3.00 fee on the $25 resort fee. There's a fee on the fee.  There's also a room tax of $24. Oh please! Then there were other things like when we called for salt and pepper to add taste to our homemade breakfast, they charged $3.90 for delivery. Guess what? They are sitting pretty on my kitchen counter now. And the Wi-Fi did not work the whole time we were there.  Yet part of the resort fee covers it.  So, we paid for nothing.  If you have T-Mobile, you can only make emergency phone calls on your phone.  But they work great when you're outside.  Talk about 'can you hear me now?'For those of you who travel with your pets.  They charge $200 not refundable fee and provide a water bowl and complimentary snack.  My snobby Chi's did not like the snack.  Because they spent most of the time in the room, we could not get housekeeping. And we were fine with that.
3	Overall rating...3.5.  Now that this has been established, the hotel itself is very nice!  I am not a big gambler and smoker so this hotel is perfect!  It is a little far off the strip but it is right next to the mall!  Upon arrival, we did valet (only option) and our bags were loaded on and ready to go.  Called before hand to see if we could check in (3pm check-in) but they said we had to do it at 3.  When we got there (around 2:30), we were able to check in and swim!  The pool was nice.  Not too crowded like other places where you can barely move anywhere!  Drinks were pricey too!  The hotel is super nice.  Big bathroom with a shower, toilet, jet tub, and a TV built into the mirror.  Loved watching TV while doing some business ;)  First night, had a great night sleeping in the most comfortable beds ever!! Onto the 3 star review...after swimming at the pool on our second day, we decided to use the jet tub in the bathroom.  Turned on the water until it was full and turned on the jets.  Slowly getting in, it felt so good until something started spewing out of the jets.  Some kind of green foamy algae vommity type substance.... (GROSS!).  Maybe it was just something that was in the drain so my bf and i started scooping it out and throwing it on the bathroom towel that was on the floor....5 minutes of scooping was ridiculous so we decided to call the front desk and tell them about our problem.  Long story short, it took about 45 minutes to resolve this thing with waiting and talking and waiting and talking...etc.  This substance has never been seen before and we were in a hurry to get somewhere else.  They said they would put some tablets in there but I really needed to shower and go somewhere!  They SHOULD have offered an alternative such as giving us another room to shower or SOMETHING!  To solve this problem, they offered free breakfast, day spa passes, or  $75 credit. We really couldn't use the spa passes since we were leaving the next day, so they were nice enough to deduct our resort fee for 2 rooms that we booked.Also, our remote didn't work in the bathroom.  We turned on the tv and that worked but later, around 12:00am, it wouldn't turn off.  My bf tried to switch the batteries from the outside room to the bathroom but still, we couldn't turn off the tv and it was blasting really loud!  Called the desk and they said they would send someone right up.  10 minutes later, a guy comes up and ask...."uh do you want me to get someone for you?"  UH YEAH!!! that's why we called!!!  "UH what do you want me to do?"  "Do anything you can to turn off this damn TV!"  Wow.....Overall good hotel, except for that incident.  If that hadn't happened along with slow service, I might come back.NOTE:-kitchen included-jet tub-valet-shuttle to wynn and caesar's palace-can hear the train at night while sleeping-free wi-fi-free slippers (upon request)-no casino
1	Not only was our two night stay ruined by overbooking and having to move the one morning we were supposed to get to sleep in only to get back to the trump to no room for over three hours. They left us by the pool and never offered us so much as a free water while we waited. On the 37th floor street noise was still a problem. And expect to be awoken by the train at least twice during the nite as it blasts its horn when it goes by the hotel. The service was lacking, took three phone calls and two hours to have a dinner reservation made. And after all that I wrote in to the acting G.M. And Vice President to let him know how disappointed we were and he never even bothered to respond to my directly emailing him, very nicely telling him of our experience. So very unprofessional. Apparently the lack of concern for their guests starts at the top and works it's way down. Too bad because we had such high expectations going to the Trump. We really thought that meant we were going to get a top notch stay. Not so. So disappointing!
3	This is supposed to be a 5 star facility and although nice, clean, and well maintained, I give it a lower rating because it does not compare as a 5 star facility.  if they said that this was a 4 star facility, I would give it 4 stars.  But for the overselling of the star rating, I must decrease my rating accordingly.Rooms:  The suites (which were an upgrade) have a kitchen (nice), but no cookware, glasses, or utensils. So what good is a kitchen without any of the amenities.The suite itself was a great hotel room.It is slightly off strip directly across from the mall.  So it is refreshing to not have the smoke of a casino.  But strangely, I missed the casino vibe.The pool was like a regular hotel pool.  Not like the typical extravagent vegas pools.The gym was ok.  barely enough weight machines and weights.  Nothing to write home about.
5	This hotel is pretty nice. I wasn't expecting it to be so roomy and the rate I got ($77) was unbeatable. I actually liked the fact that it is non-smoking and if going for work this hotel is definitely worth it.Valet only but it is complimentary. The Wifi is pretty decent but if you want VPN access it will cost an additional $3. The gym was pretty nice and most of the machines had a TV. The pool in my opinion is just ok compared to other vegas hotels. They also have complimentary bottled water and a kitchenette. Overall great rate and I would definitely stay again.
4	My boyfriend and I came here for my birthday, can't say enough how we enjoyed our stay here. Very classy, rooms suite style with a little kitchen... Complimentary wifi, water, coffee, and shuttle.... The robes  t.v. and jacuzzi in the restroom are a plus. All rooms have a 2 door entrance, so you don't hear noise from the hallway.... Would defiantly be back...
3	Only 3 stars? Well....it was suppose to be a five star Hotel...NOT!! The staff was extremely nice. The facility was nice and well maintained...but, nothing stood out. I mean..it was DA DONALD TRUMP!! They lost my reservations. Luckily, I had it on my smart phone. The Wi-Fi sucked! It was sooo slow, even the staff complained about how slow it was. There are no slot machines, which is a plus, since I do not gamble.  However, the hotel didn't offer anything that made you want to stay there exclusively. Rooms:  I was in a suite which was equipped with a stove, refrigerator and microwave. They even provided cookware, glasses, plates and utensils. The jet tub was huge! No vanity mirrors. I like the little wall mounted makeup mirrors. The ones that are magnified like 8x's. I expected  Da DONALD Suites to have one. Check this out!..the TV was built into the bathroom mirror. Now that's a first!  Unfortunately, the TV didn't work..I informed the front desk staff and it was repaired the following day...but again..DA DONALD TRUMP?..come on..Extras:   none....the pool was basic..It closed at 8 pm....8 pm? in Vegas? Seriously?!.The gym...basicWhy I gave the Da Donald Trump 3 stars:1) The mall is right across the street..walking distance2)  Complimentary shuttle to strip3)  Smoke free4)  Nice staff5)  Free Wi-Fi and newspaper6)  No machinesWhy I only gave three stars:1) Lost my reservations2) Only one restaurant and bar3) The pool, gym and room was plain(for Las Vegas)4)  No entertainment or showWould I stay at DA DONALD again?..No--he's FIRED!!
5	I love this hotel more than I expected. The lobby is small and whatever but the room is pretty nice for the price. I love the little things like complimentary water, the stove, microwave, non-smoking, fridge, sink, his and her closet, his and her sink, tub + spacious shower. I did not the glass doors in the bathroom because they made noise. Service here is impeccable comparing to other hotels I've been to. Love it Trump!
5	The best part about this hotel is that it is just a hotel, no casino and no smoking. But this also means that there are limited food options, namely the main restaurant with Trump's initials DJT, and a crappy poolside cafe.Like a lot of Vegas hotels, this place charges for everything where they can: The resort fee is $25 a day, to rent a poolside chaise with umbrella its $75. Although I didn't take a service, the spa looked nice and well run (I asked for a tour). The gym had high end workout equipment and was well stocked with clean towels and chilled bottled water. Speaking of bottled water, every room has freebies that are restocked every day.I stayed in their lowest room, the studio suite. Even so, the furnishings were nice. The bed was wonderfully comfortable and the bed sheets so smooth. There is a full kitchenette equipped with pots, pans, plates, cups, cutlery, toaster, coffee maker, tea pot and even a small 2-ring cooktop, and Sub-Zero refrigerator.The flat screen TV was big enough for the room, though the remote was frustrating to use, difficult to just watch TV without scrolling through marketing channels.The bathroom was immaculate with polished marble everywhere.. which you would think was a good thing, but taking a shower on it, or trying to walk from the shower to the sink it could have been dangerous. There is a whirlpool tub enough for 2 large adults, but the water has a definite green tinge to it.. not quite sure why, but it didnt smell and I was assured it was perfectly safe to use. The lighting in the bathroom was okay, but there was no good setting if you wanted to have mood lighting, plus there were no nightlights in there either, which made navigating the glass door to the toilet a little unnerving. The coolest thing about the bathroom is the TV located behind the mirror, but for some reason the remote didnt work when i tried to watch the playoff games, so had to settle for the plush sofa instead.I took the advice of other Yelpers, and asked for a room away from the train tracks, happy to say that I didn't hear any noise from that. One funky feature at this hotel is that they have shared vestibules into each pair of rooms. Apparently, the neighbors tonight is a family of 4 with young kids. So their room door is opening/closing/slamming, along with the shared front door. Fun, fun, fun!THe hotel has a free shuttle to both the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace, as well as to the Wynn across the Strip-- a mere 500' away. The Fashion Show mall is across the street, with plenty of shopping and food options. Overall, a decent choice for hotel, I would certainly stay here again.
5	I was really impressed by the service I got at the Trump, the staff was very polite and helpful ! Our room with one king bed and a sleeper sofa was a good choice for the three of us. I slept on the sofa and it was surprisingly comfortable. The bathroom was nice and spacious and had a jet tub. Overall, the room was very clean and comfortable. For me, the best part about this hotel is that there is NO CASINO and it is a NO-SMOKING hotel. In addition, it is right across the street from the Fashion Show mall which has LOTS of GREAT SHOPPING and restaurants. I also had an amazing massage at the spa with Nakisha (highly recommend!). This hotel is also very close to the Wynn, which is a big plus for me (if you are too lazy to walk, there is a free shuttle that runs to the strip every 15 min). WiFi did not work well, and the pool was just OK. Still, for $150 a night, I think it was a very good choice, and my girlfriends and I are definitely staying there next time !
4	We reserved this room through the direct site after seeing a pretty good deal for it for Mother's Day weekend.  We were coming here for my dad's birthday and wanted him to show him what Vegas was all about as he had not been there for 5+ years.  The hotel is located across the street from the mall, so if you need to make a quick trip to Nordstrom, it was a very convenient location, though a bit off-strip.  They do have a shuttle that goes to Caesar's Palace, but it's operated during limited hours.  When we arrived we were pleasantly greeted by the Front Desk and offered an upgrade for $50 per night due to a major cancellation.  It was for a one bedroom suite with a view of the pool.  It sounded like a great deal, so we decided to go with it.  Wow, glad we did!  This room was amazing!  My dad was very happy and we really enjoyed our stay here.  The room was very spacious and came with a king sized bed in the bedroom, a couch, and a very uncomfortable sofa bed.  There were even two full bathrooms, one of which the showers could have fit 2 people.  The bathroom was absolutely gorgeous and decorated with a modern touch.  There were 2 flat screen TVs and a table we used for eating and drinking, as well as a little kitchen and full-sized refrigerator.  This room was perfect for pre-partying and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves here.  The pool was average.  The pool itself was very hot and was heated like a hot tub almost, so it wasn't very refreshing to be in on a hot day.  The only other downside was that the phone signal in our room was poor or non-existent, but the hotel did make that up to us by comp'ing the resort fee.  Overall, classy hotel at a great value.
3	Three friends and I visited here a few weeks ago at the beginning of June. The interior is amazing, and the part I liked best about this hotel was that it is not a casino hotel, so there is not the constant beeping and blaring of noises and lights from the obnoxious slot machines. It is very quiet, calm and serene as soon as you walk in the lobby.The staff are very nice and friendly, as well as helpful. The rooms are beautiful and luxurious.So why the 3 star rating? Well, every time we called down for something - extra towels, a hair dryer (which should have been in the room in the first place), sewing kit, etc - we had to call down twice. Additionally, the pull out bed is probably the most uncomfortable bed I've ever slept on. Definitely not what I'd expect from a Trump Hotel.Having said that, the front desk staff did comp me two days of daily service charges because of having to call down twice about everything and the shuttle drivers are extremely friendly and helpful.Wish this were a bit closer to the strip, but hey, it was a good deal. I'd go again in the off season.
4	I am very satisfied with the quality of this hotel. Pros:- complimentary shuttle service to Caesar and Wynn- friendly staff- very clean- no need to walk through a casino to get to your room- right across from the fashion show mall- free bottled water each night you stay- clean, comfortable rooms- spaciousCons:- pool is not very impressive, just a normal rectangular pool with chairs all around- fitness center is not particularly huge- odd location off the strip (although not far)- mandatory valet parking (get some 1's ready)- if you reserve 1 room for 4 people, do not expect to get two real beds. You will get 1 queen bed and a sofa pull-out bed that feels awful
4	The bellman TODD was our first impression & might I add he was EXTREMELY courteous, friendly, helpful & AWESOME!  Pros:-Shuttle service to Wynn hotel & Caesars both of the shuttle drivers were super cool! :)-Customer service is AWESOME-Big huge bathroom & room-Awesome views either on or off strip-CLEAN ROOMS-Room cleaning service around the clock-free valet-no casino in hotel-connected to mall & food places Cons:-Insuite Dining prices are a bit pricey, the 24hour dining menu didn't have enough options-$100 a day charge to stay in hotel not including your room rate plus-$25 resort fee +$3 convenience charge -Pool closes at 8pm-valet can get a bit busy & took forever to get our car to us on 4th of July. Maybe the holiday had something to do with it-$75 cabana rental :( the umbrella you are "guaranteed" to have didn't keep you out of the sunOverall we loved it here. Well done Trump international... Wouldn't come back because we want to stay at other hotels as well.... But this is on our "recommendation" list :)
3	Period of Stay: 7/3-7/6/13  City View Studio, Room 3320Returning to Trump but disappointed to find its service subpar for a luxury-class hotel. Maybe my last visit set the bar too high. Well, I was impressed with trump's high level of comfort and service last night and hoped it will stay that way. Not really.** "Highlights" ***Room 3320 was a city view suite. The room was comfortable and cozy just like last time. But the faucet of the jacuzzi came loose like a rocket when I turned on hot water. Since I was not in a hurry to use the jacuzzi, and it was almost midnight (we checked in at 11pm), I decided to leave a note for the maid the next day. Faucet was promptly fixed but the jacuzzi itself didn't turn on. It was broken. So that was that.*Trump charges a $25 resort fee per day for pool/fitness facility, free wifi, bottled water and other room amenities. On our last full day stay, that was July 5th, neither our bottled water nor the coffee were replenished.*Trump has a nice pool, not too big, but decent enough. I decided to reserve a day bed for two. For $75 you have the day-bed, which is a wicker round bed thingy with cushion, a fruit tray, and iced bottled water. We found the day bed some of the most uncomfortable thing to sit or lay on. The umbrella didn't block you completely from the sun. It looks like perfect for two people but no. So the pool manager transferred us to the FREE chaise lounge on the other size of the pool and refunded the $75. So skip the day bed and don't waste your money. They just don't have enough umbrellas for everyone. So my pool time is cut short. When it gets slightly gusty, they put down the umbrellas and you just sit in the sun like rotisserie chicken.*The overall service is nothing like my last visit. No door man opening the door. The front pick-up/loading area is completely chaotic with at least 15 cars parked. I had to walked out to hail a cab. Their free shuttle to Wynn/Caesar Palace always had a huge line and there was never one waiting there.*My impression is that Trump is not prepared to handle the huge volume of guests arriving during the 4th of July weekend. There were people hounding all over the lobby and main entrance. I am impressed with the staff that I have interacted with during the stay. They are friendly and courteous. The pool staff and the crew at the H2(Eau) are very attentive and professional, always striving to make us comfortable. The housekeeping staff always greet us with a smile.Overall I'm not impressed this time because everything that impressed me last time was no more. The hotel is still non-gaming so there is no cigarette here which is still a plus. But with this degradation of service it no longer separates itself as the hotel to be. I booked this trip through United Vacations and the hotel room came to $170 a night (which is actually more than last time with much better service). Next time I would consider Wynn instead.
5	I'm surprised this place gets four stars on Yelp.  People complain it's a bit off the strip, but that's the point.  It's NOT a casino hotel.  It's 0.3 miles or a 5-min walk according to Google Maps.  Perhaps they should have an overhead walkway to the FAshion Mall.  They have shuttles every 15-min to Wynn and 30-min to Caesar's, plus you either have a rental car or cab everywhere in Vegas.  In 100+ temp. who walks?  I'd agree this is a 5-star hotel with the one odd exception that the towels are 4-star.  I mean 5-star towels are fluffy soft and you want to steal them, because they're better than your towels at home.  Everything else from the service and room size is decor is 5-star.  I think you must be complaining about this place, because you have no idea what 5-star means and you just want to sound cool.  I mean seriously.  If you had the same price and choice between TI, Paris, Planet Hollywood, NY NY, Tropicana or this place, which would you take?  If you choose this place, then it's a 5-star, bc all those other places are 4-stars.  You can't call this a 4-star if it beats every 4-star in town.  So the pool's not super-huge, that doesn't make it a 4-star.  Super-huge pools are for casino hotels not hotel hotels.  Perhaps the only problem here is that this place can't compete as well with Cosmo and Aria since they have casinos and they're right on the strip in the middle of the action so they reduce their rates and attract people who have to bitch and whine but couldn't afford Cosmo or Aria even at half their rates.  I also highly appreciate the fact that they have EMPTY refrigerators and two complimentary bottles of water.  There's also a small kitchenette with a stove top and microwave and dishes.  It's basically like an upscale studio apartment.
5	My Favorite place to stay in Vegas.  We stay for a full week so its good to A.  Not have a casino, B. No Smoking place.  I just love the service and rooms are the tops.  Its living the life of luxery.  Pack your own drinks and snacks and just chill there.  Just a great place for a vacation while still being in vegas and virtually on strip for all the "vegas" stuff too.WOuld not be my prime spot for just 1-2 days.  Great for Longer stays though.Great workout room....Room service wings are LEGIT! Vallet and everyone is real polite.  Food is good but can be overpriced..Concierge is the best.   Train at nighttime is STUPID LOUD and Chopper tours are loud in the cross fire.
5	I was presently surprised at the Trump hotel.  I usually avoid this hotel because it is located off the strip.  This trip, I had friends staying here so we spent some time at the casino and at the pool.  I was very impressed with the decor of the Trump.  The pool had a great lay out and was not overly crowded.  The pool had a very shallow section so you could sun bath in the water. It also had a section around the perimeter that you could sit and wade in the water.  My friends and I rented a great lounge bed right on the side of the pool.  The wait staff was friendly and attentive.  You could be served in the pool, by the pool or at the bar.  **I did not stay here over night but I did spend a good couple of hours a the Trump.
4	classy vegas hotel, no gaming
5	I stayed here with my family. The staff was the best part of our stay. They were very helpful and accommodating to all of us. The bed was very comfortable and the room was spacious. We will definitely be back.
2	After staying at the Trump hotel in Honolulu, we thought we'd give this location as try for my bday weekend.it was such a disappointment!-Dirty hotel room - dust on the tables, huge stain by the kitchenette, holes in the sheets and towels and a blood stain on the blanket.Room service food was terrible!Small for Las Vegas standards+Nice front desk staff who upgraded us to a strip viewShuttle that takes you to Ceasar forum shops & the Wynn hotelNext time I'll stick to my faves: Palazzo & Encore.
5	First time staying at Trump, love the jacuzzi tub, separated by glass doors from shower and toilet, much nicer feel than many jacuzzi tub in other hotels where it is near to the toilet (ill...!). TV embedded in mirror in the bathroom, awesome! Nice service, very clean! Guards at the door and elevator. Valet parking only. A bit off Strip, but it's actually more convenient since we can hop on the freeway or bypass certain section of Flamingo blvd to get to other hotels, save time!
4	We usually like to stay a little closer to the Strip. This one is not that far, walking distance. But still, it hasn't drawn us in the past. However, this time around, the price was right, especially for a Saturday night in Vegas.On the surface, it is a very impressive hotel. There are a lot of features that make it very nice. The jet tub was awesome, and the television in the bathroom mirror was unique.However, once I looked past the initial glitz, it lost some flare for me. For example, the wallpaper in the bathroom was poorly put on. It was bubbling and peeling, particularly in the corners. Yes, this doesn't impact the overall experience. You just expect a little more from a luxury hotel like this.The pool as nice, at least for families and entertaining. It is small and rectangular. But there is a large shallow entryway on both ends, plus a seating bench that goes along the entire perimeter. And it was already starting to get busy, even at 9am!Like many of these hotels, valet is required. It was included with our reservation. However, you still need to have tips available for the staff. Unfortunately, I really had to work to get some money one time. The store inside did not allow cash back, so I had to take money out of the ATM inside (which charges a large fee) and then have the store break the $20.With a family, it is nice to find hotels in Vegas that do not have casinos. I don't mind walking through the casinos. But what we have found is that the lack of a casino greatly reduces the number of people just "visiting" the hotel. It cuts down on the traffic inside and around the hotel, which is nice.We would stay there again, if we could get another bargain price.
5	Amazing amazing hotel. Convenient location on the backside of Fashion Show. The best service on the strip to ALL customers. Huge rooms with a stove, fridge, microwave, pull out couch bed... Tv in the bathroom mirror. One of my fave hotels in the area and for an amazing deal too! Resort fee charged but it includes bottled water daily, Internet, and a $25 spa credit.
4	Very nice hotel and courteous personnel !
5	Classy! My second time staying here! Love it. TV in the bathroom (mirror) is always my favorite part of the ginormous chic bathroom. Comfortable beds. Love the kitchen setup in the room with the refrigerator. Makes it super convenient to bring food or bring back leftovers. Love the non-smoking or gaming atmosphere! Will be back again. Looking to try the Cosmopolitan or Aria next.
1	Absolutely terrible experience at the Trump Hotel.  Room was dirty and loud.  Was woken very late at night by someone who identified themselves as Security pounding on our door and demanding that we open to him.  My husband kept asking why...no logical response was given. BUT he said that he has a pass-key and could open our door even if we wouldn't. (!) Mind you...he had already opened the door to the hallway, so he clearly DOES have a key.  If we hadn't had the swing-arm latch on: he would have broken in while we were asleep. When we reported this to the manager all we received was a (horrified) apology and promise of an investigation.  Oh, and he removed the ridiculous $25 'resort fee" and our food bill off of the Happy Hour menu!  Thanks a bunch!  Still may file a police report....They either have a delusional Security officer on staff, or someone posing as one who has a master key!  Would NEVER stay there again...we checked out immediately.
4	Very nice hotel. Staff is attentive and helpful. I dont like paying $75 for a non cabana area but I like how its not to overcrowded like most the pools on the strip. No gambling in hotel is also a plus!
4	Unlike a majority of hotels in the area, there isn't a casino or retail shops in this hotel and they don't allow smoking - all of which are a plus. It's a little off the strip but they have a shuttle to the Wynn & Caeser's Palace that runs until midnight and you can cut through the mall across the street to get to Las Vegas Blvd. when they're open.Staying here allowed my girlfriend and I to be able to escape the commotion of Vegas at two very important times of the day - first thing in the morning and later at night when we just wanted to sleep without loud noise, bright lights and the wonderful aroma of stale tobacco - none of which to be found here!They gave us two bottles of water daily and had coffee in the rooms (also replenished daily). The small refrigerator, stove, sink, microwave, glasses, paper towels, mugs, silverware, dishes, drink mixer, closet space, small couch, coffee table and desk area gave the room more of an apartment feeling. The king size bed was also very comfortable - didn't sleep on the pullout so I can't say how that was. The fitness room is above average for a hotel and the pool area is nice but I refuse to pay $75 for a cushioned pool chair with pillows that can fit two.The room was nice but could use a better dusting job. When we got there, our toilet wouldn't flush but they came and fixed it right away. The only real problem was that we had a problem with our door lock / handle which was fixed after a couple of complaints. As a result, the manager was very apologetic and refunded the resort fee which was nice. The bar, in-room dining menu and spa are pricey so we didn't indulge in any of that - the best way Trump seems to live up to his name is with prices.All in all, I would recommend this hotel and would stay here again.
3	I tried Hotwire for the first time and got setup with Trump. It's off the strip, but right across the street from the mall which is convenient. It really isn't far away from everything. I appreciated the price I paid, which was $110/night, and for last weekend, it was a steal compared to everywhere else, but the saying "you get what you pay for" came into play after my Vegas trip came to an end.I'll go ahead and say that the rooms are plenty big for a couple. The best example I could think of is it being the size of an Elara suite, just one of it's king size bedrooms. It comes with a hot tub which is HANDY for long days of walking & clubbing. The door entrances are separated from another door outside which allows for privacy. These were good things I found worked for this hotel.There were definitely more dislikes however then there were ikes.One thing I disliked about this hotel was that there was no self parking. You have to valet it, and I don't trust how people drive my car. When we left, someone's car got hit, and they were doing paper work for it. It's just an example of ish that could happen and if you want to drive it around you have to tip the driver just to be courteous.Another thing was that the hotel was close to the train track. How about investing on some sound proof windows? The train horn can be heard every time it passes by, and over the weekend at night it happened at least 2-3 times. Very annoying.You also will be charged a $25/resort-fee + $3 service charge I think. Why? I don't know. Hotwire tells you after you purchase which is BS. They say it's so you get free access to the WIFI, the workout center, and you get free water.The pillows were also too soft for my liking. They would get to flat once your head laid on it. Having two just raised your neck waiting to be woken up to a cramp.It was a gamble that I took, and in the end, it was a lousy one. My girlfriend and I were able to live with it, but I had high expectations because of the TRUMP name.
2	I too purchased this hotel through Hotwire. It was $141/night which is good if you get what they advertise, which I did not. I was charged a $28 per day resort fee, which I understand a resort fee in Vegas, but not $28 and not each day. They advertise high speed wi-fi which was the worst wi-fi and connection of all time in Vegas. No service anywhere in the hotel. I expected this because of the previous reviews. The hotel lobby was pretty and the shuttle was convenient but all in all it was not a five star hotel, more like a three star at best. Bathroom was beautiful, well done. Hotel service to deliver shampoo took 28 minutes. Not impressed. I will never stay at a Trump property again. Sorry Donald, I thought you were high class and fancy but your hotel in Vegas is subpar.
3	Can't give this place 5 stars.  On top of the room fee, they charge a $28 daily resort fee... their pool is ordinary, the gym is nice, the room is very nice but that's all... nothing extraordinary.  Two cups of nasty coffee are provided in the room, after which you have to get a $6 cup of coffee take-out from the lobby restaurant.  No robes in the closet.  Yes, there's a TV built into the mirror in the bathroom, but it doesn't have speakers (so what's the point?).  I had a $55 pedicure in the spa, and my toes looks good - but my toes look good after a $22 visit to Happy Nails.
1	Just one kingsize bed per room! Couch could be converted into a second bed, but it is very uncomfortable. It's the worst I ever slept on! Also a fixed fee of about 25$ per day for internet and pool is by far too much!
5	We've been here about a dozen times and it's the only hotel we like staying at while in Vegas. The service and location is Awesome.Here's what I like about this hotel; It's Beautiful Non-smoking and Non-gambling hotel.It's Not on the strip but right off the strip and across from Nordstrom.
5	Was initially slightly dreading the trump due to a spate of bad reviews below...as you may know, the trump is often featured on Hotwire and Priceline as a fairly affordable 5-star hotel (on the secret hot rate/name your own price, respectively). Overall, pleasantly surprised by the following observations:Hotel shampoo smells good. Spacious, clean room. Kitchenette. Free bottled water. Fast and dependable wireless. No wading through casino smoke. Cons:Valet only (albeit free)--no self park. Not easy to find (turn on fashion show drive).
5	Huge rooms.    Big bathrooms.   Very nice.  No casino.  No shops or anything like the hotel on the strip but there's also no smoke smell and its much  more relaxing. I liked ur ALOT and will be back.  Very nice.  Great service.
4	We have two young kids and they LOVE staying here. It's close enough to the action and the strip that you feel a part of everything, but the casino-free, smoke-free environment is GREAT for us. The pool is fun, the rooms have most everything we need when we pack in our breakfasts (nice size too), and the staff is always very accommodating and friendly. If we had any complaints, it would be that there's not a coffee shop at the Trump (as far as we know) and the in-room coffee makers are only 1 serving per. We've been 3 years in a row, and we'll continue to come back.
5	GREAT place to stay in Vegas!! Catch a good deal on Hotel's, and it is sooo worth it.  Rooms are AWESOME, best customer service ever! Close to so much, with shuttles to get you closer!!
4	Still my go to spot on the strip, but since they they've changed their policy regarding 4pm check out and have only reserved this for guests who book on their site only I might have to start entertaining some other options.  Either way The Trump is still one badass hotel and offers a lot of bang for you buck!Also my apologies to everyone who was accosted by a big asian man at the pool the weekend of August 24-26 2013.  My friends told me we were going to a day club and I was simply acting the part.  Actually I just got way to drunk and turned into a living breathing human hurricane destroying everything in my path.#vegasproblems #noragrets #sorrynotsorry
3	No more 4 pm checkout. :( Sad because that was the main draw for me here.Also, last time we were missing the bathroom scale from our room and our friends who were in the adjoining room had a scale but were missing the ipod/iphone dock.It still smells good (yay for no smoke/casino) and service is still accommodating (except when it comes to late checkout), but I'm going to explore other options the next time I'm in Vegas. This may be the end of #trumplivin for me.
4	My wife and I stayed 5 nights in Vegas at the Trump Intntl.  My wife is from Brazil and had never seen such a beautiful hotel.  In fact, we were both very impressed.  The room was big and the view of the mountains in the morning was exquisite.  The staff at the hotel was excellent.  I found the food at the hotel only a little bit better than average and it was a little "pricey".  However, since you are 10 minutes away from the strip, your meal choices are limited even with the shuttle that takes you to the Wynn or to the Caesar's.  I loved the pool and my wife loved the spa.  We both appreciated the quietness and classy feeling that this hotel offers.  I would recommend this hotel and I would definitely go back on my next trip to Vegas.
5	Great place - clean and no smoking and no CasinoExcellent service
3	It's a bummer that something with the Trump name skips on so many of the little details. At first glance, our room was magnificent. Great in size, free upgrade to a one bedroom suite with a separate living room, kitchenette and a guest bathroom instead of a studio.. It seemed like the perfect weekend getaway! The bed in the bedroom was extremely comfortable. But the pull out couch in the living room was missing springs so my cousins in there fell below the frame of the bed if they stretched out close to the foot of the bed. Once everyone was quiet and settled, we could hear the loud roar of the passing train and traffic outside. Our small ventilation window didn't close all the way because of the broken latch. Next was the spa jetted tub. After being woken up by the passing trains I decided to take a bath, but to my surprise the jets were super low in the tub and massaged almost nothing. On the bright side the staff was extremely courteous. Valet even upgraded our parking spot because they felt "we waited too long," to receive our car because of the Labor Day chaos.. Our bed was extremely comfortable, the pool and gym are awesome.. But we'll be back.. After-all its staff made it deserving of a second chance.
4	Got free room upgrade to bigger suite! Too bad the front desk counter was too busy flirting with co-worker and looked annoyed when I inquired about late check out, in which she said that no late check out because I didn't booked directly with the hotel (BS).  Next day, my wife asked the front desk again and this time they allowed us to check out at 12:30 PM instead 11 AM.  That is why they only get 4 stars.
5	After two nights of raging and partying a la Miley Cyrus, someone in our group was bound to leave a thing or two behind,  and that we did.  Lucky for us the honest people at Trump Las Vegas had our backs and mailed our once thought to be lost valuables back to us.  Now if that ain't service I don't know what is. #trumplivin
4	I did not jump for joy when I had won a bid from Priceline to stay at the Trump International Hotel due to the fact that I haven't heard much about the hotel. But my stay here turned out to be pleasant, and I wouldn't mind returning in the future.+ Friendly staff. We received a call from the front desk after we entered our room to see if we are happy with everything.+ Walking distance to the fashion mall. If shopping is your thing, then you've come to the right place. The entrance to Nordstrom is a crosswalk away.+ Complimentary shuttle to Caesar's Palace. Runs every 15 minutes until midnight, but I wish they would extend this by an hour or two.+ Spacious room and great in room amenities. Love the huge Jacuzzi tub in the bathroom!+ Gym is clean and smells really nice! Seven to eight treadmills! They even offer yoga class in the morning for $12. Wish I had known about it earlier to take advantage of this.= Free valet. My feeling on this is neutral since I'm not a big fan of valet because why pay/tip someone to park when you can do it yourself? I kind of got used to this idea towards the end of my stay. But I still prefer to park my own car. The driveway to this hotel can get a little hectic with people dropping off their cars, waiting for the cars, shuttles, and taxis. This area can definitely be improved.= Some Yelpers complained about the noise from the train tracks. I actually heard the noise too on my first night. But it didn't affect my sleep at all, and I didn't hear anything on my second night.- No magnifying mirror in the bathroom. I really like having those in the bathrooms. And was bummed when I didn't see one. It makes looking at myself a lot harder when I'm practically blind without my contacts- No casino. Some would see this as a plus, especially if you don't gamble. I don't consider myself to be a gambler at all, but would still prefer to play a game or two here and there.- Resort fee of $28. Well, they say it's $25 per night, but they bill you another $3 for resort fee tax. - Terrible phone reception. I had little to no reception in my room on the 24th floor. As you can see, the good definitely outweighs the bad. And as I mentioned in the beginning, I wouldn't mind returning in the future.
4	I have the BEST bridal party EVER! My bachlorette party was legit!!  I knew I was going to Vegas with a handful of my favorite girls, but other than that I had no clue where we were staying or the days events.When we landed, I thought I heard a gf tell the taxi cab to go to Tropicana.  When we pulled up to the Trump Tower I was blown away!!The Good:*  The hotel does not have a casino so you don't have to inhale second hand smoke.* No casino means no crazy vibe.  It's the first time I've been to Vegas and was able to unwind and relax!*  The lobby was very chic with chandeliers and a clean scent.*  Staff was very accommodating with any/all our needs for the weekend.Better:*  We received VIP service and was able to use the Trump vehicle to get to our destination.*  The hotel is located across from the mall which houses some of my favorite shops:  Nordstrom, Zara, Topshop, etc.* Cab rides were inexpensive.  Maybe about $10 to get to the strip.The BEST:*  We were on the 46th floor.  So high that my ears popped when getting to the room.  Which also means that we were so high that we didn't hear the train that other people are complaining about.* The two bedroom suite was AMAZING!!!!  So huge that we had a foyer!!! Each bedroom came equipped with a kitchenette with sleek stainless steel appliances.  AND we had 3 bathrooms for 9 girls.  No problems getting ready at all!!!*  The pool was very chic and had cabanas available.I would definitely stay here again.  It was such a great experience.My only qualm is the fact that one of the rooms smelled like someone lit and smoked a cigarette in it.  We called the front desk and they were able to get staff to spray down the room and to eliminate our resort fees for putting up with it.  Great customer service!
5	I wouldn't typically pick this hotel to stay at for a normal weekend in Vegas, but I stayed in a suite with my girlfriends for EDC.  Hands down the smartest decision I've ever made.  I LOVED that there was no casino, it is non smoking, there are no clubs... it was the perfect hotel to just sleep and relax in after dancing for 11 hours straight.  Other pluses?  Nordstrom and the Fashion Show shopping center are right across the street.   I will be staying here every year for EDC.
5	This place is just lovely, both in quality & service.  I was a little dubious about staying off-strip with no casino (I'm not a gambler, but I love to wander the strip & the casinos & watch other people get over-served & squander their money).  In retrospect, staying here was absolutely a great move! We arrived at 10 AM, & despite the early hour (at which one would typically be informed that no check-in would be available until afternoon), the super nice staff were completely accommodating.  They not only provided us a room for immediate occupancy, but upgraded us to a suite with a killer view of the strip from the jacuzzi & a corner bedroom with 2 walls of windows, one overlooking the strip & one looking out at the mountains - gorgeous!  Very clean room, comfy bed, & all the amenities one could ask for - top of the line appliances (Wolf stove & oven, Sub Zero fridge, Bosch dishwasher - not that you'd want to cook or wash dishes in Vegas, but just in case), a HUGE bathroom with TV & telephone, separate toilet room in support of your dignity, a full second bathroom off the dining room, in-room safe, free wifi, free local calls, in-room coffeemaker, lighted his & hers closets, & the sweetest, plushest bathrobes EVER for lounging around between sexy times :)As to the location, it really could not have been better.  The Trump is on a quieter side street but within easy walking distance of The Wynn and others for breakfast (Wynn breakfast buffet was really good) & casino action if you're inclined.  It's also right across the street from Nordstrom & Fashion Show Mall - super convenient for shopping & other retail needs during your stay.There were only a couple of glitches during our stay, but nothing that ended up being a real problem for us:First, there is a train track running right past the building, & even 50 floors up the train horn is REALLY loud. We are somewhat early risers, so not a horrible problem for us, but given jet lag & the late-night-first-day-in-Vegas-who-needs-sleep push of being awake almost 24 hours, I would have used my earplugs had I known.  After the first morning we were used to it, I suppose, because we slept right through it every other morning!Second, & more randomly, after being awakened by the train on our first morning, we decided to take advantage of the tub with the great view. Once we were done with our soak, I had difficulty turning the spa off - the switch seemed out of sync with the power.  After several tries, the pump finally turned off & I opened the drain & moved on.  In the midst of our shower, which was adjacent to the tub, the pump suddenly turned itself back on &, because the water now level with the jets, the jets began shooting COPIOUS amounts of water onto the shower stall wall, the window, the opposite wall, the bathroom floor, our PHONES (which were on the shelf next to the tub & which we retrieved & slung out of the room before diving back into the tub, wrestling the nozzles to a downward position, & scrambling to try to turn off the pump).  After several failed attempts to turn the pump off, it finally went silent & the flooding stopped. There we stood in an inch of water, totally shell-shocked, half laughing, but still seriously worried about our phones, when the tub turned itself back on a THIRD time - thankfully the water was all drained out or distributed into the room at this point, so no further soaking occurred, but now the pump wouldn't turn off. We ended up calling the front desk for a third time (we had managed to place one call after each malfunction) to let them know that now they were in danger of having the pump burn out in addition to the flooding, & shortly thereafter maintenance arrived to break the circuit.  Housekeeping was right on the heels of maintenance & quickly cleaned up the mess, & the front desk said they were sending security to file a report in case our phones were damaged.  Our morning was wasted & we were hungry & wanted breakfast, so when security didn't show after housekeeping finished, we sought them out on our way to what was now lunch.  We were perplexed that we had not seen a manager yet, given the severity of the problem & the fact that it hamstrung our entire morning.  We had to be very proactive in getting a manager's attention, but the manager's representative did contact us by phone that afternoon.  She acknowledged the problem & very fairly compensated us for having to deal with such a messy morning, & we were totally satisfied with how the situation was ultimately handled.  Thankfully, our phones seem none the worse for wear so far, as we had excellent case coverage in place on both devices.Overall, our stay was super pleasant, the room was lovely, the location was optimal, we never missed the smoky presence of an on-site casino, & we would DEFINITELY choose to stay here again in the future!
4	I stayed here this past weekend and I really enjoyed my stay. The staff were very friendly and resourceful. When I had a question they didn't have to go searching for an answer they had one immediately. I LOVE that this a smoke free hotel so I got to enjoy Vegas without a headache from all the cigarette smoke. I also liked that there is no casino, which means it's not rowdy, but it is very elegant. One thing I didn't like was when I needed bedding for the pull out bed it took hours for it to come. But overall I can't wait to stay here again.
1	Not only was our two night stay ruined by overbooking and having to move the one morning we were supposed to get to sleep in only to get back to the trump to no room for over three hours. They left us by the pool and never offered us so much as a free water while we waited. On the 37th floor street noise was still a problem. And expect to be awoken by the train at least twice during the nite as it blasts its horn when it goes by the hotel. The service was lacking, took three phone calls and two hours to have a dinner reservation made. And after all that I wrote in to the acting G.M. And Vice President to let him know how disappointed we were and he never even bothered to respond to my directly emailing him, very nicely telling him of our experience. So very unprofessional. Apparently the lack of concern for their guests starts at the top and works it's way down. Too bad because we had such high expectations going to the Trump. We really thought that meant we were going to get a top notch stay. Not so. So disappointing!
1	I was looking for a 5 Star Hotel in Las Vegas and decided to book a "secret" 5 star hotel on Expedia and I got the Trump Hotel.  I would never consider a hotel in Las Vegas a 5 star hotel if it does not have a casino. It was very obviously a condominium building turned into a hotel. I was disappointed. I am warning all of you out there.
4	3rd time staying at the Trump. Great service from when you pull up complimentary valet parking and easy check in. No smoking and loud casino machines-- Very FAMILY FRIENDLY if you have kids. Rooms are the best 5 Star value you can get on the strip! Tons of service and amenities this hotel offers! Late check out at 4pm!!The CONS:-Rush hour valet waiting times suck. Expect 15-30 mins- if your room is towards Palace Station, you'll hear a train coming 3-4 times (blowing horn) while you're sleeping. It sounds like it's really outside your window! Really!- resort fees here are $28 per night-room service prices and meals are $$$
3	I stayed here for a few days during a recent trip to Vegas.  It was my first time staying in the hotel.  Here's a breakdown of my experience:Pros+ The rooms are awesome...spacious, comfortable beds, quality linens & toiletries, kitchenette.+ Free WiFi.+ Lobby Bar is a great place to unwind for a drink or three.+ Customer service was great during out trip.  Kudos to the front desk, bartenders, and bellmen who assisted us.+ Great views.  You can see the Strip from one side of the tower and the Vegas Valley from the other side.Cons- The biggest negative was the fact that after 7 am or so, the freakin' trains start to run through the city and blast their horns at all of the train crossings.....there's at least 3 or 4 crossings in Vegas and you can hear that train through the windows and walls of your room.  If you're a light sleeper or bothered by this kind of noise, you can forget about sleeping in.- The valet parking is inadequate.  The waiting area outside to pick up your car was not meant for a full blown hotel.  It was meant for a condo tower....so it's not made to handle the constant in/out volume of a large Vegas hotel.  It also doesn't handle the cabs, limos, and shuttles very well either.  So you end up waiting for your car inside the lobby and try to see through the lanes of other cars to pick yours up when it's ready.The 2 negative items are big ones for me and that's why this place gets 3 Stars in my opinion....otherwise, it could've earned 4 Stars.There's also no casino at this hotel....which can be a positive or a negative to some people.  I'm indifferent.Return Factor - 50%
2	If you are not used to better you will like this place, BUT if you are used to better, you won't.I have had better experiences at the JW Marriott.This place looks nice, but it kind of sucks. Our room was on the side adjacent to train tracks, so every 2 to 3 hours (all through the night) we heard the train whistle. NOT RELAXING.I asked the woman that checked us in JANET, where I could get my nails done, for a wedding the next day. She insisted that she knew a few places and would leave a message on my phone. She NEVER did. I was forced to go to the spa. I tried the spa services, and was not happy either. I got a mani-pedi, and the gel nails came off within two weeks. I paid $ 162.00 for this. They included the gratuity of course, whether I liked it or not, I HAD to leave a tip.The worse part came when I checked out. I forgot a pair of shoes in my room. Housekeeping was right outside as we where leaving so I figured that they would be in lost and found. I called back on Monday, and spoke to THE RUDEST security officer (Ofc. Holder), he told me that the "Officer" in charge of lost and found was off until Wednesday, so call back then. WHAT?!? He didn't even want to take a message or write down information or NOTHING. I was insistent that he at least put me through to her voicemail, which he begrudgingly did. I left two messages, and waited. On Wednesday, i called back, and after speaking to several other security officers, I finally got ahold of Ofc Green, who insisted that she had left me a message. When I pressed her to confirm the number that she had called back, she had transposed the numbers and left the message on someone else's VM. She said she would call me the following day. It has now been 1 1.2 weeks, and I have not heard a word from them.The hospitality business, is ALL ABOUT good customer service. The Trump Las Vegas, is lacking.The only reason I am giving it 2 stars, is because the room was pretty. But pretty does not outshine bad customer service.
4	The Trump was amazing. I like that there is no smoking and no casino within the hotel.  However, I give it 4/5 because for some reason, there is no T-mobile service within the hotel at all. Seriously. None. My sister has Verizon and she didn't seem to have the same problem. The free WiFi was tricky too. And to top it all off the train goes by at all hours of the night. I've stayed up and down the Strip and this has never been a problem at any other hotel. I couldn't believe how loud it was considering we were on the 38th floor. I know some of these things aren't directly the hotel's fault, but just some cons to consider. The staff was very friendly and their kindness didn't seem forced at all. This hotel is valet only. I thought this would be a problem because I hate having to wait for my car to be pulled around, but the service was actually very quick. I never had to wait more than 5 minutes for my car, even when it was busy. Overall I'm very pleased with this hotel.
1	My daughter's bear was missing after the second day at this hotel. This bear has been with my children for 14 years. I assumed that the housekeeper accidentally grab it along with the sheets as it is very small. We have tried calling the housekeeping, lost and found and the front manager. Every time we call them, either we do not get a response or nobody seems to know what were talking about even though we have spoken to many people from the hotel. I am very frustrated for the lack of customer service from this hotel.  I will include my e-mail to Tracy on this review, ( her business card was given to us from the front desk, she's supposed to be a manager and I did not even get a response from her. I understand that Trump might not care for yelp reviews, but this hotel is ideal for those that have children. I hope that my review will help those families or anyone and make sure that you check all your belongings or you might not see it ever again.------------------Here's my email to a manager at Trump:Hi Tracy, My name is-------, we stayed at your hotel last weekend ( 10/03/13 to 10/06/13) on room 4419. When we got back to our hotel room on Saturday night, my daughter's bear is not in the room. I called the housekeeping immediately to inform them that the bear was missing and I was told that someone will call me back, around midnight and nobody had called. My husband then decided to go to the front desk and spoke to Magid (I'm not sure if I spelled his name right). He told my husband that process of where the linen goes after the housekeeper clean the room and told him that he will check on it and will personally call us the next day.  True to his word, he did called us and let us know that he contacted the housekeeping and where the linens are being sent and they don't have the bear.My daughter has been crying and refuse to leave your hotel without her bear she named "Poppy". This bear was originally my eldest who is 14, and she gave it to her sister when she she was born. It is not a souvenir toy, it is a raggedy bear with only one eye. But my daughters loves this bear, and this toy travels with us everywhere we go. My daughter asked me today if the people from the hotel cares to find her bear, and I promised her that you guys are looking for Poppy. My daughter is extremely sad without her bear.  I am writing you an e-mail not to get any of the staff in trouble, but to please help us find Poppy. This is not about money or any other type of compensation, we just want our stuffed toy back.Thank you so much for taking the time to read my e-mail and I am hoping that you can help us,---------
4	Great valet service, fast check-in on Friday night, and spacious room. Relaxing jacuzzi and small kitchenette.That plus smoke free environment! Can't get any better
5	Absolutely a Great stay. Will be back. Best stay till date in Vegas. Valet guys were fast and smiling.Check-in desk was amazing, personalized service, that is why it may take a bit longer. I was offered the 2 bed suite for just a $150 upgrade at check-in. Best 2 bed Suite I have ever seen and I have traveled the world.Just a class apart. I was walked by the Check In specialist to my Elevators that led me to the Suites. This hotel was smack opposite the Fashion Show Mall. They also run a shuttle from the hotel to Caesar's Palace every 15 min till 2 am on weekends and till 12 am everyday. Just Valet your car and enjoy.  Strip views were spectacular. Plus all the Airplanes taking off from McCarran Fly right by you, Beautiful. Tip: Ask for an upgrade on check in, its much cheaper than going thru their website ( subject to availability)Tip: Take Shuttle to the strip ( see above)Tip: $25 resort fee includes Wi-Fi and 2 bottles of water. Full Kitchenette.Tip: No casino, Smoke free, Happy hour at DTJ restaurant was good. My Business clients enjoyed.
4	Stayed at Trump International this past weekend for a couple of days of R&R. The room was much better than expected, nicely appointed and the decor was elegant and spacious. Hot water on demand, large shower and great water pressure. The staff was VERY helpful and courteous, a real plus. Only a couple of minor issues: train noise, shuttle convenience & DJT (their fine dining restaurant). First, I'm a heavy sleeper so the train wasn't an issue for me, we had a "city view" on the 39th floor. But for my girlfriend who is a light sleeper it awoke her several times a night. Second, the Trump is nice enough to provide a shuttle to both the Wynn and the Forum Shops at Ceasar's. The shuttle to the Wynn was easy but the one to Ceasar's was a bit of a hassle due to the demand and lack of organization. The shuttle would stop at different locations, the demand was high and people were taken onto the shuttle regardless of arrival time. Also, there is no access to the tram anywhere near Trump International. Lastly, we went to the DJT lounge for a cocktail Friday night. Elegant decor, nice atmosphere with the grave exception of a DJ playing loud music that was totally out of sync with the atmosphere and clientele. It actually caused us to choose a different restaurant for dinner and to leave early after one drink. Could hardly hear the waitress and visa versa. No dance floor but for some reason dance music. I like dance music at an after hours "lounge," been to XS at the Wynn and had a great time but the classic elegance of DJT lounge and the pre-dinner hour timing was really questionable. Would have been great if they had a jazz trio or the like. Would I recommend the hotel, yes if you are aware of and ok with the things I've mentioned. The pool is a nice relaxing spot as well and I almost forgot one of my favorite attributes, no smoke filled casino to navigate every time one enters or exits.
5	I checked into a one bedroom suite yesterday and was blown away. The bathroom is super large, as a matter of fact there are two full baths. The decor is excellent. The pool is like a garden oasis. The lifeguard was very attentive and came over and adjusted our umbrella for us. This was so nice.This is a valet only property but they are pretty fast. I think they could improve by making specific lanes for valet, taxis, and shuttles. Also the housekeepers need to tighten up a bit. There was an Advil on our floor when we arrived. Also a travel size bottle of something on the floor under the sink in the bathroom. Hopefully it won't be there when you check in.But beyond that A++ from me.Best 19th anniversary ever!Don't believe the negative comments, they must be crazy!
5	Wonderful way to stay in Vegas! Everything was clean and new. The staff was very attentive and pleasant. Our room was clean, the bathroom was very large, and the beds and linens were comfortable. The room had a small kitchenette, refrigerator, and in room coffee from Starbucks. Room service was prompt and food was decent. The bar downstairs had a nice atmosphere and good service. They also offer a free shuttle to the Wynn or Caesars, which worked out great for us. I would prefer to stay at a hotel without a casino because you don't have the busy hustle and bustle all night long downstairs and when you come and go you don't have every stitch of clothes you own smelling like a cigarette! Would definitely stay here again!
5	Me and a friend went to Vegas for the first time, and we chose to stay at the Trump for those five days. Frist og all, this hotel is not on the strip, nor does it have a casino. But it have frequent shuttles going to Caesars Palace and Wynn, so there's no problem getting to the Strip. It's also just a ten minute walk from the strip. The service we received at the Trump was out of the ordinary. The employees remembered us and went out of their normal routines to help us. Housekeeping was brilliant, they returned every day at the same time. What we really like about Trump is that it doesn't have a casino. It made it a quiet place to withdraw from the huge mess on the strip. It was clean and classy, so the perfect place to take a girl :) The spa and the pool area was amazing!All I can say is that I would definitely chose the Trump again if I'm going back to Vegas :)
5	Went here last weekend to bachelor's party and before getting there I had an idea of what was in store but I really had no idea what was awaiting!  We get there and unlike most of the other properties of this scale there was no casino so most of the people here were not crazy gamblers..  We were met by the bellman who gave us the number to our personal conciere service in addition to an assortment of VIP passes!  As we went up to the suite on the 40th floor it was like taking off in an air plan.  We stayed for 3 nights and I don't think there was a reason to leave the suite at all.  The layout in the room was like a royal palace and the bathrooms were of the finest marble I have ever seen.  This place was beyond elegant and highly decorated.  The room service was best I had ever seen and far greater than any service I have ever received in my life!!!!  The location is just far enough from the strip that you really appreciate it, its perfect!!!  The bathrooms were the highlight of the suite and I mean double jacuzzi, rain shower and car wash shower in one unit!  Didn't really see house keeping but the room was always cleaned when we returned!  My recommendation is if you go to vegas you wana do it like this!!!!  It very very expensive but totally worth every second on your cash!  We took a taxi to the strip and it was very convenient for the occasion being.  The vibe makes you feel like you are a millionaire and for some weird reason I felt sad when it was time to leave.  If you have not visited this hotel you must do it immediately!!  I am a fan for life of any Trump properties!
5	Great! Very classy and smells great when you walk in. The room was spacious with a large, beautiful bathroom. The shower was huge and it had a whirlpool tub. I will stay here again if I get the chance. Got a good deal on Priceline and it was like being at the Ritz! I love that there's no gambling and it doesn't smell like smoke.
4	Great place! I liked that it doesn't have a casino in it so it's nice and quiet. We got a great price and they were very accommodating of our needs.
3	Good and bad : -- Valet did lose car & waited a long time -- *have drivers that can drop you off for just a Tip ( don't know what the restrictions are) -- $25 daily " resort fee" in addition to room rateNo casino= no late nights playing but also means no smoke odor Nice staff
5	Why would I stay anywhere else?! The Trump Hotel lives up to its name. I stayed in a one bedroom suite that probably has one of the best views of the Las Vegas Strip. From the time I arrived at the airport to getting checked in to my room the service has been amazing. My room was set to all of my preferences from Linens to air temperature to toiletries. I would recommend the Trump Hotel! High class & worth every penny!
5	I chose Trump International Hotel for our trip to Vegas for 3 nights.  During booking, I informed the representative that it was a special visit, our 2nd wedding anniversary.  We were immediatly upgraded to a luxury suite at no additional charge.  I received a phone call a couple of days before our visit from the attache department just to see if we required anything special.  this is the first time I have ever received such a call.  I was impressed.  When we arrived, we were treated like royalty from start to finish.  There was a warm greeting posted in our suite wishing my wife and me a happy anniversary.  The suite was huge and had great ammenities, including 2 bathrooms and a huge tub, wirlpool.  We were contacted several times during our stay to ensure that we had everything we needed.  The entire staff was cordial, professional and efficient at all times.  We shall return!!!
5	List of the best:- great hotel, family friendly- no casino- right next to Fashion show mall- bar/restaurant inside- Favs: kitchenette in room- huge bed
2	I've stayed at the Trump Hotel 3 times.  After checking in at 11:30pm, I came up to our room to find no toilet paper.  Not even tissue paper.  I called and asked for toilet paper to be restocked.  However, while I write this review, I'm still waiting.  Infact, I've been waiting 30 minutes to get toilet paper.  Seriously?  The response from the front desk woman (Corina) after offering to go get the toilet paper myself was that there was no way I'd be able to come get it, that'd I'd have to wait. I just called again and was told they were sorry, that someone was on their way up.  What kind of sick joke is this?
5	Stayed here first time, 43 floor, mountain view. The room was beautiful, spacious, relaxing, and smoke free. There is no casino, but it was a refreshing and quieter stay because of it. People were all super friendly, free access to pool and workout area. Complimentary valet. You're close enough to walk to Wynn and Encore and Venetian for your gambling and partying fix. If you need to be "in the middle of it all", they have a free shuttle to Caesar's every 20 minutes or so. I would definitely stay here again.Con:If you're a light sleeper and need to sleep until noon, the mountain view has a train that comes by and sounds it's horn. So you may want to ask for a Strip view.
3	Very beautiful. Service some times is great. You have to stand around looking for valet or super slow food. For some reason phone service is spotty in hotel room. Not sure why this is. You can find rooms for $90 /night if you look often on sites
3	I am only giving this 3 stars because it is supposed to be a 5 star hotel!  First off, service was great.  It really had to do with some of the imperfections we found!1. Carpet on the 48th floor hallways was very loose, bunched up, really in need of stretching.2. Wall Paper in room in the rounded corners was not flush to wall.  Looked bad.3. Hot water in the shower could not be adjusted well.  Constantly trying to get the temperature right.4. Right hand sink in bathroom hotwater did not work.5. The lobby was scented but it was a bit over powering.6. TV and Remote very slow and hard to control.Again, I am only being so picky as this was supposed to be a 5 star resort!
5	Loved it. It is great here. It is still my favorite hotel. Even better that the wynn encore. I feel more at home here I dont know why. Aint no parking, everyone has to valet. But call down when you are ready to leave. Your car will be there by the time you get down stairs. I love it. Tv in the mirror, spa tubs. I wish this was the standard. I go to other hotels and am always disappointed because i have stayed here my standards are higher now. Hotwire has deals here also.
2	Its is a nice but def not 5 star- Upon our arrival the valet did not offer to help us with our bags- The sheet on our bed had a gigantic hole- was told by the front desk that a newspaper would be delivered to our room but it never arrived - one of the sinks in our room did not work.  All in all just not a experience I would expect from a Trump Hotel.
5	The best in Las Vegas, I'm here during the month of oct, they give me a king bed studio with views of north side of the city on 46th floor, its high enough not to hear the noise from the train, i also hear from the front desk that they will start to offer rooms with 2 queen bed starting the month of dec/2013They do offer a pull out sofa bed in the king bed suite which can be uncomfortable due to the mattress on the sofa bed, but if just call the house keeping and ask them to bring you few thick comforter to lay over the mattress it will make it nice and comfortableThe hotel is only 20ft from Fashion show mall, only about five minutes walk away from Wynn and Encore casinos, for those of you who don't like to walk the hotel does offer free shuttles to Wynn and Caesar's Palace, I've read some review about the walk but come on, take a look at the google map, its  the same distance to walk to the strip from any other hotel rooms since all of the hotel's guest room are set in  the back of the property. No question i will be back
4	this has become one of my favorite places to stay in Vegas: you can usually get a very reasonable rate for a very nice room, which is much larger than typical hotel rooms, and includes at least a small kitchenette.  I don't smoke or gamble, so this place is perfect for me.  There are enough cons that I can't give them 5-stars, but i would still recommend this hotel.Pros:- nonsmoking facility; the hotel is a big breathe of fresh air compared to all the smoke-filled casino hotels- late check out: don't know how they do it, but since we are Trump-card members (free signup online), we can check out as late as 4pm!  unheard of in the hotel business...so much better then the 10-11am checkout which is becoming more typical.- price for a room can typically be found for less than $100 (before the resort fee)- I was impressed with the service at  the front desk...very friendly and helpfulCons:- I hate any hotel that has a resort fee; I'm willing to overlook that with the other pros this hotel offers- the price for anything else here is very expensive (food, spa, etc)- valet parking only- location is off the strip- pretty close to a railroad, so some people might be really bothered by late night train whistles (if so, request a room on the East side of the building)
5	I loved my stay at the Trump Hotel this past month. I was lucky enough to receive a free room upgrade from the attractive young lady with a British accent at the front desk - my room was huge and luxuriously appointed.My favorite part of my stay however - the Trump Hotel's FITNESS CENTER. They have a full range of free weights, kettle bells, exercise machines, ellipticals, treadmills, and my favorite part... REFRIGERATED TOWELS in the gym.The refrigerated towels were cooled at 42 degrees, and they're so refreshing, it feels like you can add an extra 30minutes or 1 hour to your workout. Love it.
4	We stayed here 3 nights in large part because they are one of the few hotels near the strip that allow dogs in the room.  The kitchenette (including a sink, fridge, and stove) was very convenient and the view from our hotel room was a pleasant surprise.  I also appreciated the various attempts made by the hotel to customize one's stay based on one's individual preferences (like preferences on room location, temperature, etc).  I would definitely stay here again!  I did not give this place 5 stars because I thought the linens were of surprisingly low quality.  Additionally, I was disappointed that the staff was unable to "find" the phone charger I left in the room ($40 value), despite the fact we called them within 1 hour after we checked out and told them we were still in town and could come by and grab it.
2	Ok. Mr Trump.  Here we go.  I would of given it 3 stars, but after you ignored my survey you sent me, I am sending this out for anyone considering your hotel.  I do not understand the 5 star reviews.  I am not quite sure they were at the same hotel.  Expensive, dilapidated and on the phone customer service could not care less when we needed anything.  I was told pull out sofa for my daughter (they don't have double queens) was with a pillow top and super comfy.  No.... it wasn't ..  It had broken springs, no pillow top, and no comforter.  I called and was told they were out of that stuff.  Incredible.  I had a crying eleven year old that did not want to sleep there at midnight.  She was on vacation also, not some free loader.  We demanded help.  Eventually, an hour later, a chamber maid, the second one, said she saw one in another room and went and got it for us.  We tipped her highly.  Mr. Trump you should of tipped her not us.  We tipped her for making up for what your hotel did not do.  No way will we come back again.Your fired.
3	Alright The Donald. Your hotel is gorgeous, but you can't spring for couch beds that won't attack me with their springs?I'm not sure that I can say anything that hasn't already been said. I super appreciate that it's not a casino and there's no smoking in the lobby, but honestly, the couch bed (as advertised, to sleep 2 more people in the room) was so unbelievably uncomfortable that I ended up sleeping on the floor. THE FLOOR. I was cold, just gotten my phone stolen, and wanted some comfort and found more comfort ON THE FLOOR than on the couch bed.We ordered room service--it's nice but it did take quite a bit and the food was middling. Goat cheese pizza though, that was bomb. Chips and salsa, hot wings--Applebee's quality with Donald's prices. Sure wish that it wasn't such a far walk to anything, though--especially with the lots around it being so torn-up terrifying eyesores, I wouldn't want to walk here in the night.I'd probably stay here again, but only if I was guaranteed the bed :)
2	The last time I stayed here my room had an overpowering and sickening cigarette smell. This is supposed to be a non-smoking facility. I gave it one more try and had the same exact issue. It was sickening. They obviously don't enforce the no smoking policy and don't care about their guests very much. Never again. I complained to the front desk both time and all they did was apologize. How about fumigating those stinky rooms!
2	The service really sucks!When we arrived at 4pm and checked in, we were told that our room has not been ready yet and will be ready soon. We we're put to wait for almost one hour but they still haven't contact us.So I have to wait another long line. The front desk just poker face the whole time and really impatient at all.I give 2 stars only because the room look alright. But I give 0 star for the service
5	I would def stay here again. I can't decide if I like this hotel better than the red rock hotel. The room is like a studio with a kitchenette. I love the nigh shower tub and huge mirror with a tv inside of it. Dope. This hotel is really well designed and decorated.
3	We stayed for the thanksgiving for a couple of nights. I had planned for a small surprise for my wife as it was week after our anniversary. I had asked them to arrange something in the our room an hour or so before we check in and they agreed.  However, I found to my surprise that they had not done anything as we checked in.  The room service screwed it up, not quite the service expected of a five star facility.  Finally, I had to call and they promised to get things done in 25 minutes, only to get that done an hour later. The breakfast next day was good but we had to wait for  an hour or so after the order was made. also, no estimated time was initially given when we placed the order and we naturally thought it wouldn't be long. Again not quite expected of a five star facility.We had taken a room with strip view. The view was okay but most of it was hidden by the Treasure Island building.
5	where to begin .. this hotel is thee place. location location location. newish 5 years looks and feels newer though. grand trump style feels more new york than vegas but it works. fast elevators no crowds because theres no casino. the one bedroom suites are awesome first class style here the kitchen is decked out with sub zero,wolf and bosch if you don't have this at home you might after checking out of this place. extremely comfortable beds the bath is the piece de resistance huge! luxe with tv in the mirror . very nice place and location right across fashion show mall. ill def be staying at trump vegas again didn't want to leave. great rates during off season is why i put 2 $$  otherwise it gets pricey. the valet is very friendly the front desk girls are a bit aloof and robotic with their scripted check- in spiel memorized off a trump training book  don't think they ever used some of the vocabulary until they were hired.
3	Like many other reviewers, I have positive and negative things to say about my stay at the Trump Hotel. Positives:-The place is beautiful (but so are most hotels on the Vegas Strip)-Relatively reasonable price. BF and I stayed during Labor Day Weekend and the price was much better than the nearby hotels-NO CASINO. Obviously, this would not be a positive for some people, but for me it was a huge selling point-Location. Again, not a positive for many people, but I liked that we were able to get away from the strip craziness. It is a pretty sketchy walk from the strip, especially at night, so ladies make sure you have your man with you-The bathroom is awesome. You get a huge walk-in shower AND a jacuzzi tub big enough for 4 full sized humans.  -Suite is very spacious. Loved the king sized bed and the sofa. All suites have a little kitchenette with plates/utensils and a cute little tea pot.Negatives:-The $25/day "resort" fee is weird. I didn't use the spa/resort so I'm not really sure what I was paying for-The food at the restaurant was extremely expensive for sub-par quality-Loud-No self parking, only valet. BF and I arrived on a motorcycle, which obviously can't be valet parked, so BF had to run up and down the driveway to park himselfOverall I would give the Trump Hotel 3 stars. Next time I'm in Vegas I think I will look elsewhere.
2	Had my mother stay here thinking that it would be the best bet for her to enjoy er birthday especially since it was soo close to the mall and because of the Thanksgivign Holiday, no need for parking for Black Friday......in any case, the room we got was a 1 bedroom studio suite.  I admit the the bathroom was very big, and had a TV in the mirror which was a nice touch.  Jacuzzi tub and shower with phone in the bath seemed like this as going to be a experience of luxury.....however after careful inspection of the room I noticed a few things,.......missing......light bulbs in the ligthing fixtures......1 miissing in the bathroom, 1 missing on one of the bedside lamps, and 1 missing on the floor lamp. Also, noticed that the ligth switches are really chea, so cheap that one of them was broken from previous customers.....so as a result, got the front desk to send maintenace crew to fix these issues.Because the hotel is close to the railroad tracks, expect to hear the train come on through.....late a t night too.My mother also eplained to me that the hotel smelled of mold, and smelled musty .  We booked a room for her to go the MGM which was way better.To be honest I will not stay at the Trump again.   It was pretty bad, and I would not recommend anyone go.
4	I've been into trumps room before but this is my first time actually stay here. I go to Vegas for at least 6 times a year since it's only 4-hour drive from LA. Im kinda a heavy gambler so I've never stayed at a smoke-free and casino-free hotel. I decided to tag along with my friends at last minute so I didn't have a choice. Pros-- we did the $20 trick upon check-in and got upgraded to one bedroom suite - full kitchen in the room with microwave. Big plus for me cuz I eat leftovers in the room in the morning all the time to save time and money, and I do not like to eat cold leftover!- 2 full bathrooms in the suite. Good for group of friends to share. - big windows in the room with good view!- big big Jacuzzi tub in the master bathroom next to a big window. Will definitely enjoy the view and Jacuzzi when I bring my partner here next time =D - staffs are super friendly- internet connection is really good in the room.Cons-- since I went with a couple, I slept on the sofa bed in the living. I have to say it is the worst sofa bed ever. Super thin and shorter than usual mattress. Hurt my back so much. It might have been better if I just slept on the sofa. - I asked for 2 extra blankets. One of them has a big hole (looks burned ). It just looks gross to me. - phones have really bad signal in the room.Will definitely recommend couples to stay in the one bedroom suite for the view and Jacuzzi. Bring some candles too!! Another tip for people who want to stay at trump in the future. Try to book the room on hotwire for mystery hotel. After electing location and date, choose 5-star, north strip, and smoke-free hotel. Trump is the ONLY 5-star hotel on the north strip without casino. The rate is usually way cheaper this way!! (I have successfully booked trump room for friends through hotwire for half of the regular rate!) PS, 5-star hotel on south strip without casino on hotwire mystery hotel is usually Vdara
5	AMAZING!Stayed here during our girl's trip and it was so relaxing. We originally booked a regular suite but they upgraded us to a one bedroom suite, which had two bathrooms, a must for girls! It was really nice and clean with a tiny kitchenette.There's no casino and it's not really on the strip (In my opinion, at least), but at least we weren't too far and the mall was across the street.
5	I loved this place! They instantly upgraded our suite when my husband mentioned it was my birthday. We had a killer view of the strip.   Loved the tv in the mirror in the bathroom. Since it doesn't have a casino you don't have any of the rowdy drunk people roaming around.  You can enjoy your stay without having to smell like cigarettes the whole weekend.  They have a nice bar in the lobby, and their bloody Mary's are killer poolside.  Looking forward to coming back!!
5	Great service, clean room and it's across the street from Nordstrom's. I even got a 4 pm check out!
4	Loving the room with the view of the strip huge bathtub the most comfty bed I ever been in fridge stove microwave tvs couch only bad thing is the lady took 32min to bring a iron up to my room
4	The Trump Hotel itself is nice. The rooms are also very nice and comfortable. The only downside is that it has no casino and not many food options in the hotel itself. However, just across the street is a shopping mall with plenty of options. To talk to the strip itself is about a 5 minute walk, and is more towards one end of the strip rather then the heart of it.
5	This was our first time here and came here through the time share opportunity with Hilton.  From the moment we walked in the doors I was amazed.  Though it has the Trump name I was concerned that it wouldn't be good... Well I was right.... It was so much better than good!  We stayed on the 30th floor.  Studio suite which had a stove, fridge, blender, toaster and items for eating and drinking.  I loved that it's a non smoking hotel.  The TUB is wonderful.  My tall husband can fit it in and still have room.  Everyone here has been nice.   It's just off the strip but that is fine for us.  Still within walking distance to everything.
5	After reading some very good reviews and some bad reviews I was worried to arrive at the Trump...... It was amazing!!!! The hotel is beautiful, very clean, staff are great!!! The rooms are huge with a huge bathroom, the shower can probably fit 5 or 6 people, the bathtub with jets, amazing!!!! All rooms have a kitchenette, and a nice big "living room" area. Next time I come to Vegas I will make sure I stay here again. My husband and I had the most amazing time at the hotel. Oh, and for those who complain about the train, come on, you can hardly hear it. Best hotel ever!
4	No self park but free valet (during the day park across the street @ Macy's if you want self park).Dining is pricey but food is good.TV has no premium movie channels and remote is old some reception issues.Staff is friendly, standard no problems there.All in all a comfortable experience with great prices and no smoking. Perfect!*think this is my 4th or 5th stay here holding up nicely...
4	If you are a gambler, don't choose Trump. They don't have casino like other hotels. Other than that, trump can give you the best experience. Please book the suite. It is just amazing. There are two bathrooms in the suite. The jacuzzi is huge and the window is facing The Venetian Hotel. They have shuttle to the strip and they also have personal owner vehicle which you can just tip them instead of paying taxi fee. I have stayed with more than two hundreds hotel, but I have to say Trump has the best customer service. Trust me, you won't regret to stay with trump=D btw, they are very close to the Mall=P
5	Idk what the problem is for the noon 5 star people, but this hotel is the bomb.com! Mr. Trump has style, class and an amazing staff. On to of being upgraded to a suite, we got a great rate in hotwire.com for our stay. Highly recommended. Off the busy, smoky, loud strip. Made for elegant people who love privacy, comfort, respect and visual stimulation. 5 stars all the way!
2	I stayed at Trump Hotel for Thanksgiving last month.  It was a busy weekend and the rates looked attractive for a 5-star property.  I really regret not going with Venetian instead since it was only slightly more.  To preface, I actually don't hate on Trump.  I rather enjoy his Apprentice show and most of his dealings, so I was very open minded staying at Trump for the first time.  But fact remains that this was a really subpar experience.First, location was horrible.  Our taxi drove us in, and you get off the freeway to see the row of strip clubs before arriving at the Trump hotel.  The location is offstrip even though it looked pretty near on Google Maps.  It's a ten minute walk to the Wynn which is on the Northern end of the strip.  They have a shuttle to Wynn and Caesar's, but it's not very convenient especially if you want to take a break in your room mid-day.  Worse, one side of the tower faces the Railroad track.  If you're a light sleeper, don't bother; it's pretty loud.  I couldn't believe the rep I spoke with just dismisses it like it's normal.  She told me to book the room on the other side next time I stay.  So 50% of the hotel experience the train multiple times a night... really?Second, while the resort fee is quite standard now in Las Vegas, the amenities that came with it were disappointing (wifi, shuttle, water).  Oh, and pool access too.  Except that during my stay the pool was up for "renovation" for December.  This is fine and understandable, but what was insulting was the note to tell guests to buy a $10 voucher to use Caesar's Palace pool (and ride their free shuttle there!)  I can't imagine having your five star hotel guests to pay for a ticket to use another hotel's pool while being shuttled back and forth.  If you claim that pool access is part of the resort fee, then at least provide complimentary tickets on request.  It's almost comical.Finally, the overall staff and experience of the hotel is far from a true 5 star hotel.  It's 4 stars at best.  Everyone from doorman, shuttle driver, front desk.  None of them really understand how to delight the customer.  They're just doing their job day in and day out.  The shuttle drives around the hotel to stop at next pickup, instead of letting you off at the hotel entrance first.  The doorman opens the door but no one offers to help with the bags.  The concierge won't help get you change but have you wait ten minutes for a front desk agent.  Many many more examples lead me to believe that the staff isn't trained at the same expectations at other 5 star hotels.I could go on, but you get the point.The Good:- Smoke free hotelThe Bad:- Location is off-strip, ten minutes walk to the Wynn.  The ride there passes through the strip clubs.- On the back side of the tower you hear the train multiple times a day.- Staff (shuttle, front desk, bellman) are all less experienced.  They are courteous, but really rough around the edges that you wouldn't expect from a 5-star hotel.- No customer support.  I emailed some of my concerns in this review to them and never got a response back.Overall this is far from a 5-star experience.  Their rooms and suites are discounted for a reason.  In retrospect, I'd rather pay a bit more to stay at Venetian or Bellagio.  I would never stay at Trump again.
5	Staying in Las Vegas I really loved this hotel. Its quiet and there is no large casino to walk through to get to your room. The bed was super comfortable and the room was really nice and large and very clean. The hotel is located right next to the fashion show mall which we could walk right through to get to the main strip area. All the staff was extremely friendly, the shuttle runs on frequently and on time which was convenient. This was the third trump hotel I have stayed at and it was a pleasure. We missed our shuttle to the airport and asked the front desk if another one could be arranged but before that happened the "house driver " offered to take us to the airport and shuttled us in a fully loaded luxury SUV to the airport. What a great and lasting impression that made.... we definitely will be back!
4	I love this hotel, mostly because it's non-gaming and you don't have to walk through a smelly, smoky casino to get to your hotel room. The lobby is lightly perfumed and smells amazing. I stayed here during my first visit to Vegas, and it was a great first experience!My friend and I were able to check in early, and the concierge recommended several shows and restaurants as it was our first time and we were trying to assess what we wanted to do.The rooms were sparkly clean and beautiful, and the bathrooms are huge! There is almost a full kitchen with cook-top and all, so if you rented a car or drove, you could easily run to Whole Foods and cook some meals if you wanted to.I would definitely recommend this hotel. I have stayed elsewhere in Vegas, and though I do have other favorites, this is an extremely high quality hotel for a low price tag. The only downside is that it is on the far side of the strip so it takes a long time to walk to City Center. Otherwise, it's great.
3	3.5 stars. Paid $140 on priceline for a room right after Christmas. Yeah, it's a nice hotel for $140, but not quite 5 stars. Here's the lowdown:PROS1. No casino, no smoking. Nice if you got kids2. Food at restaurant was pretty good. Amazing room service pancakes, super fresh at 1am!3. Clean and spacious rooms, comfortable beds;  4. Free shuttle to Caesar's (when running on time)CONS1. Valet service takes awhile. Valet is included in $25 resort fee but there's no self park option (unless you park at Nordstrom's across the way). Sometimes its nice to have that2. $25 resort fee. Cmon, now3. Bag check took at least 20 mins to get our bags delivered when we checked in. Granted, we forgot an item in the car that we asked them to bring, but it wasn't crowded when we arrived and there were plenty of staff around. Hence, why self park is nice sometimes4. Can't really walk to strip. Yes its close, but the sidewalk ends headed towards the Wynn and we stepped over a homeless man getting there. Free shuttle didn't run on time we found so would have been better to taxi it, then wait 15 minutes for shuttle that didn't come, and then taxi it.
4	Family perfect hotel, beautiful decor and a well trained staff! Only downside can be location and if your into gambling inside your casino. This is the for sure choice for anyone wanting to bring family to Vegas and keeping away the realities of real Vegas along with the stench of cigarettes.
5	Trump is my new favorite hotel destination in Vegas. I had a fantastic stay even though it was only for an evening. Everything about this place screams elegance from the moment I stepped into the lobby to when I first opened the door to my room.It was so nice to step into a hotel and not having to inhale the cigarette smoke-filled air of a casino. The room was suite-style with plenty of lounge chairs, a couch, and a coffee table. There was a pseudo-kitchen with an electric stove-top, microwave, mini-fridge, and even a toaster. The king-size bed was super comfortable from the pillows to the mattress and linens. Free complimentary coffee and two bottles of water. Double sinks in the bathroom. There was even a freakin' jacuzzi in the bathroom! Don't forget the super soft bathrobes. Last, but not least, a TV built into the mirror in the bathroom.The one knock on this place was that the TV in the bedroom was broken, but after notifying the front desk at check-out, they waived my resort fee. I wish I had extended my stay here longer!
4	Let me tell you how it is... We are 30 something's in case u are wondering...The Trump hotel is amazing... We got a basic king size suite and it was HUGE! The room comes with a kitchenette and jetted bath tub! The room was prefect... No complaints. It's a short walk to the strip (0.3 miles to be exact) and yes there are sidewalks the entire way... Just cross the street. No it's not a casino... But get over it... No smoke and madness... Actually kind of refreshing.So here comes the BUT... You ready for it... There is a train track a block from the hotel... We stayed on the side of the tracks and wereawoken multiple times throughout the night. So I would suggest requesting a room not close to the tracks... And hopefully you can avoid the "chooooo chooooo!"PS... The TV in the bathroom was an added bonus and fantastic... Basically.
5	omg the trump tower...... spectacular. Stared up at it while driving up and all i could see was gold gold gold. walked into the more glitzy gold inside to this VIP registration thing in the back,...? WHAT?? damn did i feel like a hobo though in this place, wearing my sweats and shit from the ride over...  Everyone was super helpful though, thank god. complimentary valet and shit outside and the standard "may i help you with your bags?" BUT NO ONE EXPLAINED THE ELEVATORS. There are two elevators. One that goes up to like the 30th floor or something and another that goes up to the 60 something floors. We lived in the 63rd floor. so confused for a little bit..... Anyways, we got the penthouse suite... and oh my god, it was beautiful. double doors, walked into a pretty amazing living room with a nice ass tv and a fULL KITCHEN complete with an oven, full sized fridge, microwave, sink, stove, pots and pans, utensils, dishes, and a freaking coffee maker. AMAZED. two bedrooms on either side of the living room. One of them was a master which had a queen(?) bed, walk in closet, two toilets, a shower, a nice hot tub/bathtub with jets, and two sinks/mirrors (that you could watch tv in it). The other room was just about the same, but one of everything but no walk in closet or bathtub. and all in gold and white scheme.  You get free wifi, and new bottles of complimentary water (SO NECESSARY) every time you finish and the maids come to clean. and chocolate! and fluffy towels and bath robes. Their alarm clock comes with a dock for iPhones (not for iphone5) and you can play your music and blare it while youre getting ready and pregaming! Now, i didnt really get to experience the other stuff they had to offer inside the hotel, they DO have a free shuttle to from the hotel to the Wynn. AND when we were late on Jan 1st to Light and there were no taxis coming anytime soon, one of the workers offered to drive the hotel car (Escalade) to Light for us and we would just pay him aftewrwards. He gave us his number so we could get picked up without any hassle after we got fucked up too ! perfect, no wait for taxis either. Although it is slightly off strip, you can walk across the mall (which is acrosst he street from Trump) to get to the strip. It'll take you across the street from the Wynn or if you walk a little farther, just a few steps to the Venetian. I had a really really really amazing time at the Trump, even though i dont really remmeber much, but i will miss the comfortable beds and even more soft pillows for my raging hangover
4	The rooms were clean and surroundings were beautiful.  The hotel didn't have a casino, but that was a good thing.. peace and serenity to escape from the busy strip vegas life!
5	Really impressed. First time staying here and I couldn't have been happier.
4	I wish I could pick 3 and a half as my star rating on this hotel. This is definitely NOT  a five star hotel. Some pro and cons. Pros: Decorated beautifully, no smoky interior, large rooms, fridge, microwave, even a tea kettle, free parking, free shuttle to Caesars Palace, kids get a little welcome gift, huge bath tub, small walk to the fashion show mall, no hallway noise, & nice front desk staff. Cons: Valet only, resort fee (but every hotel on the strip has one), no turn down service, if your get a "city view" room it's noisy because the trains, no casino, & freeway noise. Some issues with our stay consisted of:Old water in our tea kettle that we didn't put in there. Hair all over the robe in the bathroom.Hair in the bathtub.Lamp that was torn and broken.Didn't make too big a fuss cause it was only a one night stay, but I kind of expected more from a "five star" hotel.
4	The Trump was a very nice option vs. the big strip casions.  Nice size rooms for the price but I am still very unhappy with the "Resot Fee" that has become the general change for Hotel and casinos.  The Trump does not have a any gambling so that cut down on the traffic of people, nosie, and smoke.  But there does not seem to be much for dinning or a large bar. However, the Fashion show mall is just across the street with a few good option for food, that makes it more relaxing then walk through the big casions.
2	We had high expectations for TRUMP International and we were disappointed. CONS:-The room prep coordinator came barging in without knocking or ringing.  She asked us when we were checking out and we had literally just arrived.-No soap in the bathroom-No slippers -No welcome  chocolates-Thick layer of dust all over the bedside table-Small black hairs in the tub.  (We have very light brown hair)-My mom's room wasn't cleaned on the second day, even though we requested it-Turn-down service was rescheduled until 9pm, but they still came at 7pm during our in-room dinner-During in-room dining, they forgot to bring our ranch dressing and LOST the bill so we had to wait 10 minutes for both-Train horn throughout the day and night.  Which woke me up both nights.-One shower produced warm water, one only produced COLD water.  -Doormen and women were uninterested in assisting us at times.  Other times they were helpful.  -I signed my mom up for a SPA treatment and paid for with my credit card.  I offered 10% extra gratuity on top of the 20% mandatory because i am generous.  We handed the $25.00 dollar discount card prior her appt during check in (which is given to people staying in the hotel) and they never applied the discount to my VISA and charged the full price. PROS:-The SPA treatment my mom had was very relaxing and nice, per my mom. Overall, we had high expectations of Trump International.  We usually stay at other penthouse rooms or luxury hotels but we wanted to make Trump our go to hotel for many reasons.  One being that they offer a quiet and beautiful smoke-free environment.  The hotel is classy and is known to exceed expectations.  In our case, many of our expectations were barely met.  For someone who is involved in business, it was pretty clear that many of the situations we experienced at Trump International was caused by poor communication and lack of attention to detail.
4	comfy3 sets of elevators to speed up the processgreat bathroomtv in mirrorseparate toilet & shower areaclose enough to the strip to get to everything easily, but far enough away to not be obnoxious.shuttle service was nice
1	I chose this hotel to get married in and spent a lot of money renting a suite and getting room service and so on and so forth. So many bad things happened while I was there and their team just completely ignored my many e-mails and phone calls. I was always transferred and hung up on. I couldn't believe that a hotel that I chose for my special day and that I spent almost 1,000 dollars on completely shunned me after I left. To mention a few: -We were walked in on several times.-They messed up our room service order several times-One room service breakfast we had came with a broken coffee pot that spilled all over me and burned the crap out of me-Urine in the toilet when we checked in-Did not clean room when requested-A very rude woman I had to keep dealing with at the front deskI was so flabbergasted for a hotel that carries a name that suggests elegance and good service.
5	Stayed here recently with my wife for a weekend getaway. We were given a high floor suite overlooking the strip, and with the way this hotel is situated, that means you can see straight down the strip all the way to Mandalay Bay and we could see the Bellagio fountains going off from our window. The room was very sleek modern "business class" and the bathroom was fantastic, with a TV in the mirror and a deep jacuzzi tub. My wife and I liked the fact that it is a non-smoking and non-gaming hotel and it is located right across the street from the Fashion Show shops, which is a great place to shop for clothes and gifts. The pool area is fantastic as well! We received great beverage service while taking in the views of the Wynn, Encore, and Pallazo hotels all afternoon. This is our favorite Vegas spot so far
5	If you like the bustling vegas scene then this wouldn't be the place for you. The trump is located in the back end of the strip and offers a free shuttle to Caesars palace and Wynn. The good: no cigarette smokes, spacious rooms, comfortable bed, location is close to everything on and off the strip, lobby smells amazing! Great customer service!The bad: only valet parking available -_- I would def. stay here again though!!
5	This may have been one of the best sleeps that I have ever gotten at a hotel. The double doors to get to your room help make it extra quiet, and you do not hear one door slam during the morning, (if you have been to a lot of hotels, you know how loud that can be--brutal!) The one down side that many are mentioning is the sound of the train in the middle of the night/early morning waking them up. I was woken up too at 5:30am from the train passing by, but I was dead tired that it did not bug me too much and I was off to sleep again in no time!The room was very large, and I could have just stayed here all day and ordered room service and I would have been the happiest gal ever!The bed and pillows were amazing and I sunk right into them. This being a 5 star hotel, there were plenty of upgrade in the room like a tv on the bathroom mirror, Jacuzzi tub, full bar/kitchen, STARBUCKS coffee to brew in the morning, and 3 music stations to choose from to make your stay even more relaxing. The room service menu was not as expensive as other 5 star hotels. We were tempted to order but we opted to eat on the strip so I cannot tell you about the food, but it looked great on the menu.The lobby is elegant, and absolutely beautiful. It is lightly perfumed and no smoking--Yahoo!We used the lovely free shuttle service from Trump to get onto the strip and back home which was great!
5	This is hands down the best hotel that I have ever been to in my life so far.  There may be better ones later on, but this tops the list for me right now.  We stayed in a studio room on a road trip to Burning Man this past year and the amenities and comfort of the room blew me away.The bed was extremely comfortable and everything within the room seemed very new and up to date.  The bathroom was definitely the show-stopper here.  A stand-in shower, TV built into the mirror, and large Jacuzzi tub made me almost just want to chill in the bathroom for a few hours, lol.  The room was spacious to say the least and it was more than enough for two people.I did not check out the other amenities, but did stop by the bar for a drink late at night.  The bartenders were classy and very knowledgeable about their cocktails.  They were able to recommend some great drinks just based off of a short conversation of what we generally liked. The only negative thing I could say about this place is its relative location on the Strip.  It is more or less at the very north-end of the Strip so it'll take some walking / cabbing to get to where you want to go.  If you're looking for sheer convenience in terms of getting around, you might want to consider another place more centrally located in the Strip.
3	Jasmine from room food service was the best thing to make my stay good. I called in advance to discuss food issues and she made sure that all my needs were met. The other services in the hotel were not up to par...housekeeping not great, took a long time for any requests. Restaurant couldnt get oder correct.5 stars to Jasmine! Had to give 3 to hotel as the rest didnt do as well.
4	The rooms are good sized,  and well decorated. The beds are kind of hard, and there were not enough pillows for my taste. The staff is professional and helpful.  I'd say this is a 4 star hotel at a 3 star price. I would stay here again.
5	THE. BEST. HOTEL. IN. VEGAS. hands down!  We live in Los Angeles and come to Vegas often.  We have family and friends that live here, but this trip was to celebrate 3 friends birthdays from all over who were flying in to town.  There were 6 of us who chose Trump Hotel and we were all so happy we did.  Incredible service from the valet all throughout our weekend stay.  Best customer service ever.  The Rooms are insane with a small kitchenette, sub zero mini fridge, the most incredible jacuzzi tub I've ever been in, big rooms, comfortable beds, pet friendly, with dog walking services available, (our dog stayed at my moms this trip, but good to know for future), pool area is comfortable, day spa usage of steam and sauna,  FREE WiFi, Free shuttle to Wynn and Caesar's  Palace, great lobby bar, and the list goes on and on.  It's literally under a 5 min walk to the Strip, and directly across from Fashion Show Mall with Nordstrom at our front door from hotel..(heaven!). All who work here go above and beyond to make sure your stay is comfortable.  Oh and every time we went to get our car, even at the busiest times, it was under 5 minutes.  I must admit when the internet blind deal popped up and showed us at Trump Hotel, I was bummed.  Thought it would be a bit on the cheese all side......but I was so happy to be proven wrong....We will definitely be staying here again and again and again......
3	We stayed for several days in the Trump Hotel, overall, it's a very nice hotel with great service, but with the noisy train directly next to the hotel and the lacking amenities, I feel this hotel could use a downgraded rating.  As I mentioned, the train was a huge issue for us, we stayed on the "mountain" side of the hotel, so we got loud horns every hour, sometimes twice an hour when the train passed through the street intersection.  The train horn is LOUD and pressed several times for probably one full minute, which was like getting an unwanted alarm clock at 3am, 4am, 4:40am, 5:20am, etc.   When checking out, we were told we can "upgrade" to the "Strip side" which doesn't have the train, but we'd also have to pay for it.  Really, we need to upgrade to get sleep??  Housekeeping service was a smidge slow when we asked for dishes (since most rooms have a kitchenette with nothing inside, not even drinking glasses), the pool is very small for the size of the hotel, and each time we went down (different days, off times, you name it), the entire seating area would be full or would have exactly one seat available. There are two jacuzzis, both are VERY small, and of course, one was not in use during our stay.  Keep in mind the elevators really hum/ cry during the night, so you may want to avoid a room too close to the elevators. Now the positives! Overall, the staff were very professional, courteous and quick.  The prices for room service were some of the most inexpensive I've seen on the Strip, and the food quality was very good.  Free valet parking (as all hotels have in LV) and there's no smoking anywhere in the hotel (HURRAH!!).  There's no casino, which was a perk for me, and it's in walking distance to the Fashion Show Mall, the Wynn, the Encore, etc.  The location worked very well for us & if there were no trains (or triple paned windows), this would've been a hotel I would come back to.
5	Nice hotel with low cost! The spa tub is fantastic! Nice staff and customer service! The mall is across the street. Sure it doesn't have the casino but it also make the hotel less noise than the others. I'd like to stay here when I come to vegas next time.
5	One of the best penthouse suites I've stayed in. The 3000 square foot penthouse was wonderful. The location of the trump is a bit off the beaten path but the room helped mitigate that. And although there is no casino at this hotel, that's no big deal. There are plenty of places to gamble on the Strip.This hotel is well appointed, the decorations are tasteful, and the hotel is very clean.We were well treated and everything was great. Would go here again.
4	A diamond in the rough.This is a lengthy review consisting of three parts; overview, concerns, and people that made our trip special. Part I:We made our reservation through the blind-bid through Hotwire. We did get an excellent deal but we made up for that with the amount we spent once there. :) This trip was for our eighth anniversary and I wanted it to be really special. When we had our reservation confirmed I called to ask if I could pay to upgrade to a strip view. I was told I could. Once I made the plan to do that and then started asking about some items such as flowers for the room I was asked about the occasion. Barbara, the in-house reservation specialist told me that she was going to upgrade our room for free because of our anniversary. What a pleasant act of kindness that was very appreciated. Not only that but she ensured  that we had a high room with, the best view of the strip one could imagine.. The room was large and modern. The bed extremely comfortable and the bathroom huge. The Jacuzzi tub was a nice touch as was the enormous shower and the tv build into the bathroom mirror. The room was clean. Even better than I had planned when I made the arrangements, rose petals covered the floor, bed, and Jacuzzi tub and the flowers I had ordered were beautiful and centered in the room in front of the huge window overlooking the strip. Throughout our stay we used in-room dining several times. All were exceptional though a bit pricey. The food was great (for the most part) and the speed and quality of service was fantastic. Well worth it. I had also ordered chocolate covered strawberries and a fruit plate which were brought up by in-room dining shortly after we arrived. Delicious and well presented. The hotel has wifi included in the resort fee and it was fast. Also included in the resort fee were valet parking (we flew in so that was not used) and a courtesy shuttle to the Wynn and Caesar's Palace. We used the Caesar's shuttle several times a day.  It was an excellent option. Typically it ran every 15 minutes and only once did we even have to wait that long and in that case it was 20 minutes. Other than that it was around the 8 to 10 minute mark. The shuttle drivers were great and I will talk about one in more detail later.The concierge's desk was very helpful via phone prior to arrival (arranging the flowers, rose petals, chocolates, and fruit) and during our stay arranging trips, reservations, and limousine service. Since the spa experience was so amazing I will talk about that in the last section of this review. Part II:Though our stay was truly special there are a few reasons I did not rate this hotel a 5. Frankly, aside from the people I will talk about in the final part of this review, the customer service was lacking.The housekeeping staff was awful and did whatever they felt like regardless of the "housekeeping request" or "do not disturb" lights being lit. When they did come in they just "straightened up" and did not vacuum or sweep. In fact, the common hallways were vacuumed only once during our stay and it was after we had been there almost a week. When we wanted our room cleaned it wasn't, when we didn't they came in anyways and straightened up.The train....almost every review has the same complaint and our is no different. We were on the front of the hotel 56 floors up and we still heard the train constantly. All hours of the day and night we heard that god-awful horn blaring. It was so bad that during our couple's massage in the heart of the hotel and in an interior room we were awaken from our relaxation by the blaring of the horn. Trump should pay the company to place a sound tunnel over the tracks adjacent to the hotel.The doors to the rooms and the shared foyer are extremely heavy and almost impossible to keep from slamming. Almost slammed my finger in once at night trying to keep it from slamming. Our neighbors later on in our stay did not care so much about that and slammed the main door and their door several times a night. It was loud and paired with the train made for a difficult night's sleep.Part III:I am running out of space so I want to close with some people who made the trip special. Louis, one of the shuttle drivers, was so friendly and caring. He was such a pleasure to interact with we were disappointed when he wasn't the driver. The Spa staff was phenomenal especially Danyelle and our massage therapists Gretchen and Rafael who were professional and did an excellent job. Catalina did my wife's hair and makeup for our anniversary dinner and was so fun and professional. She did an excellent job. The spa even worked with me to have a rose waiting for my wife for that appointment. They went down stairs to the gift shop to buy a rose and bring it up so that my wife wouldn't know about it until she saw it. Thanks Danyelle!Overall, it was a splendid trip and a wonderful experience. I recommend the Trump Hotel Las Vegas.
3	We stayed at the Trump Hotel on a recent stay in Vegas and I have good and bad opinions - Good - the bed was very comfortable and the room had plenty of space.  The bathroom was beautiful with a spa tub and huge shower.  The shuttle service to Caesers Palace was very convenient and the shuttle drivers were all very personable.  The front desk clerk was super friendly when we checked in.Bad - "City View" is on the back side of the hotel and there is a train track that runs back there.  We were on the 47th floor and the train whistle was still loud in the morning.  I would suggest upgrading to the other side of the hotel which would be a view of the mall.The location is not far from the strip but if you like to walk it is definitely off the beaten path a bit.  My husband and I walked back after midnight and there is no way I would have felt comfortable alone.  On the strip I am never worried.Good/Bad - obviously there is no casino at this hotel.  I liked it because it was quieter and easy to access the rooms but when my husband wanted to go to bed and I wanted to stay up it was a bummer to not have the option to stay up by myself in an onsite casino.All in all I slept comfortably (minus the train) but given what I like to do in Vegas (stay up late and gamble) I think I will stay elsewhere next time.
1	This is the worst hotel in Las Vegas.  The cost is over priced, the rooms are very old school and the staff is not accommodating.  My boy friend got injured from the stupid revolving door and he got a black eye and was bleeding.  They didn't even cover any medical costs and just provided ice packs.. Shouldnt they have at least comped our stay or given us a free nights stay for next time.  Even if they did provide me with a free night i probably would have not came back but at least I would not be on Yelp right now giving them this horrible review!  The T.V's in the mirrors are pointless.  There is really nothing to do at this hotel... NEVER going back.
2	My husband and I were in Las Vegas for the weekend celebrating our 5 year wedding anniversary. The first night we stayed at the "Four Seasons" and the second night, we stayed at the "Trump International Hotel". The staff was OK, not very accommodating. They lack the WOW factor when it comes to customer service, IMO. My room smelled like week old cigarettes. I wanted to call down about the room smell, but I was so exhausted I didn't even care to deal with it. They did have nice jacuzzi tub with the jets. That was a nice touch. But I wouldn't stay here again.
5	This place was great. I got it for 69 dollars a night by using priceline and selecting 5 star strip hotels, this was about 20 dollars less per night than their website price. This was over Thanksgiving a few years ago. Upon checking in I negotiated with the check in person and got upgraded to a larger strip view room for 10 dollars a night and a 20 dollar tip. You still have to pay a resort fee if you book online through another source- but that was like 12 dollars - I'm not sure if the resort fee is covered in their online price.   Since then a few sets of family members have stayed there as well and they all liked it.There is no casino inside the Trump- so if you want to gamble without leaving your hotel this is not the place for you. While considered "on the strip" it is actually about 2 blocks back from Las Vegas Blvd right across a small side street from fashion show mall (if you stay here eat at stripburger for sure). It is about a 5 minute walk from the Wynn. The rooms are designed like condos- single open room and bathroom. The room is large, has a king bed, and a small kitchen area with a fridge and stove. The bathroom is very nice with a huge shower, tub, and there is a TV built into the mirror. The bed/beddings were very nice , as was the furniture in the small sitting area. The Tv is about 40 inches so nothing spectacular. Theinside of the hotel- the hallways, the entrance etc. are all very nice and since it is a smaller property there wasn't a long wait to check in, millions of people standing around in the lobby etc. I had a drink at the bar downstairs and it was good but not great. The fitness area was very nice- there was free bottled water and headphones. All the equipment was in working order and seemed like it had been kept clean.
1	Hotel was awesome. Beautiful relaxing and the like. Rooms were huge and the staff was attentive to anything we may have needed. Why then did I give it only one star?? Well for two reasons. First thing that is really not that big a deal is the gold on the windows really messed with our eyes. In the rooms it creates a weird hue on everything that you look at... Eh not a big deal. The main issue we had was - we booked and prepaid for our rooms in advance online. 6 weeks later while going through my credit card statement I noticed that they not only charged me again for the rooms - but they charged me what it would have costed if I had been a walk-in guest not booked months in advance (OVER DOUBLE!) like we did. This is a real pity because we really enjoyed ourselves.
3	The room was amazing with an awesome view.  It was very big especially for only two people.  Unfortunately,  the room was the only positive thing about the hotel.  The lobby was impersonal and had only item of decoration.  The pool was small and by 10am there was no sitting area available.  There was nothing special, no employee really left a lasting impression.
5	Better late than never ! Loved the Trump Las Vegas !! We had an awesome room - 1 bedroom 2 bathrooms / dining space / living room. Stayed 7 nights. It was amazing. Loved the pool - food at the pool bar was delicious. Large portions / very tasty. Room service food was also incredible !! The shuttle bus to Encore and Ceasars was so convenient. Really enjoyed our stay - our room - would definitely come again!! Thanks so much Trump !
2	This hotel is not managed like a five star hotel. There was trash behind the night stands, cracks in the lamp shades in our room as well as damaged shades throughout the hotel. I also found the room to be dirty around the windowsills and dust on some of the furniture.  Our room was also not stocked fully with the normal toiletries. The ice maker on our floor was not working either. When I mentioned the outage to the front desk staff their response was told me that there was an ice maker on every floor and I was welcome to use one of them. I had to complain two different times before the problem was resolved. Most of the staff was accommodating and it should be noted that our tipping of the staff for their service was not affected due to the poor management of the hotel. If this is how Trump properties are run I would not ever consider staying at one again.
3	Wow! we love this place. 1 bedroom suite was perfect for two. The service is amazing, the staff very accomodating, yet aloof at times ( keep reading).  It's off the strip yes, and it affords a level of refuge from sthe visual overload that is Vegas.  More stars if the computer system had not overcharged by $600, and a disengenous  wait staff that appears to cater only to the "male" customers in an disgustinly obvious attempt to garner tips.More than once, my wife was ignored by the staff in order to attend to men waiting for service. I, on the other hand, reveived 5 star service and attention.Overall a good trip.
4	Stayed here while at a convention.  It was very pleasant; tastefully decorated, very little cigarette smoke, no casino to push through.Didn't get to use the pool or try any of the restaurants, but our room was beautiful and very comfortable.  Especially loved the kitchenette and the bathtub which was so big it was practically a Jacuzzi.  And we all got a huge kick out of the tv built into the bathroom mirror!Convenient location to tour some of my favorite, more upscale hotels on the strip.  Also right next door to a huge mall with lots of fun shopping and restaurants.All in all, a very relaxing, upscale place to kick back in Vegas.  I would definitely stay there again, and soon!
5	Super helpful staff!!Ran into some car trouble and valet staff was very helpful, called to have the car towed to dealer, and they had a hotel car drive us back while it was repaired!Room is huge and spacious, shower and bath separate. Bath is huge, cozy for any couple. House keeping we're very respectful of our items, and rabbit lounging around the room.No casino, which is a fantastic get away after a long night.It was a great experience.
2	I have stayed here a few times and I think this will be my last visit.  The staff has always been great to me so there is that.  Also I love that there is no casino.  However I am just amazed this place has a 5 star rating. I would be interested in finding out how long the ratings last.*the curtains in my room were not even connected to the rods that you are supposed to use to close them*every single piece of furniture has multiple dents and scratches*why have a kitchen with no utensils. It says you can call housekeeping for any items you need. I stay at a five star hotel so that I don't have to call for anything. It should be right the first time.*very dusty*the glass table was disgusting*the carpet outside of the elevator was very bunched up and I could easily see people who have trouble walking tripping and falling.*the walls/wallpaper is torn in places*the ironing board was completely bent and would not stand straight. Bottom line is this place is not being maintained well. I'm sure if I called to say how dirty the room was and mentioned the ironing board it would have been taken care of. The thing is AT FIVE STAR HOTELS EVERYTHING SHOULD BE PERFECT THE FIRST TIME.  I pay more to not deal with these issues and not waste my time.  Great people/staff but I doubt if it can maintain the 5 star rating.
2	If you own a cell phone and want to use it do not stay here. From ten steps in zippo signal.
4	Had a very positive experience at this hotel. It is very beautiful and clean! I love that there is NO casino! You are away from the strip but close enough to all the fun! The elevators are super fast so you don't have to worry about waiting too long for an elevator. Plus they have 2 separate ones depending on your floor number. My boyfriend and I stayed in a king suite with not the greatest view...(but who really stays at hotels for views?) The bed was comfy...I've slept on better but it wasn't bad! I did hear the train that some reviewers mentioned but it's not noisy for more than a minute! The closet had 2 soft full sized bathrobes.On to the bathroom...wow! Absolutely amazing! You get a fricken jacuzzi in your suite!!!! And a built in tv in the mirror?! I loved the his/hers sinks and the separate shower/toilet area. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the valet only parking! There were a few times we forgot some things in our car and thought it would've been easier going to our car looking for what was needed instead of asking one of the workers! We parked at the mall across the way a few times that we knew we were going to be in and out of the hotel. Overall, this hotel was great and I would stay again!
3	Pretty hotel with slightly outdated decor. The location is pretty good, and the hotel offers free shuttle services to Caesar's Palace and the Wynn.The rooms are huge. They come with a nice kitchenette, living room with pull out bed, nice bed room and 2 bathrooms. You can easily fit 4 (or more) in these rooms.There isn't a casino in this hotel, so it isn't super loud or smokey in the public areas. But it is Vegas....and not having a casino is sometimes a con.The main problem is the lack of cell service. I'm not sure what it is, but cell reception is absolutely terrible in this hotel. They do have wifi, but ours didn't work until right before we checked out.Not my first choice hotel when I'm in Vegas, but it's definitely not a terrible choice either.
5	Hilton Grand Vacation owner. So this review is based on being an owner. Stayed in a studio suite for 3 nights on the 20th floor.  The valet only option was pretty cool. Seemed like a hassle at first but we never waited more then 7 minutes for our car. The rooms are spacious. The TV on the mirror in the bathroom is a great added touch. The spa tub is big enough for two, as well as the shower. Room service was friendly & so was the housekeeping staff when we needed extra amenities since there is no cleaning when you're an owner. The $20 resort fee is waived as an owner.Will definitely stay again.
3	The rooms are great, the bathroom is fantastic! The food in the lobby restaurant is outstanding! The only drawback is the loud train that seems to be in your room in the middle of the night! The horn seems endless! Unfortunately, it manages to ruin the whole stay & is the only reason I probably won't stay here again.
2	First off, my rating does not reflect on anything connected with the valet, lobby service, or general customer service.  That was actually very representative of what Mr. Trump expects out of his people.   I was recommended this hotel by someone who frequents Trump quite a bit and gave it a try while I was in town.  The two star rating is reflective of my experience in the room itself.  First off, the mattress sucked.  I've stayed at several strip hotels that have extremely plush, comfortable mattresses (Encore, Wynn, Palazzo, THEhotel, etc..)  This one was hard and felt cheap.  Second, I turned the shower on and realized the knob's hot switch was actually the opposite of what it says...Not a huge deal but when you expect a certain standard to be met, it is very noticeable.  All of the entrance doors are extremely loud and wake you up in the middle of the night.  Lastly, our window vent was broken causing us to hear every siren and loud exhaust car on the strip....all night.  Not my idea of first class.
5	Stayed here for EDC last year and my friends and I absolutely LOVED it. Since we weren't looking to survive the entire 3 day electronic music festival (8pm to 7am) we were not looking to hit up the strip much during the day. No casino-great to get away from the hustle and bustlePool area- Relaxing and plenty of places to lounge aroundSpacious gymClean, well keptShuttle to the strip!ROOMS ARE HUGE! And the one we got had a great kitchen area with a mini fridge, stove tops, microwave, toaster and even a BLENDER! Fanastic Curtains that block out all the sun (perfect when you are trying to be nocturnal). Desk and sofa area. Huge bed. Fancy bathtub, TVs, spacious shower. Couldn't have asked for a better place or deal for what we needed.
5	I stayed here on a business trip, and while off the strip, I would absolutely stay here again.  It's a short walk from the strip, and across the street is one of the main shopping malls, which you can walk thru to get to the strip if its raining or just too-d*mn-hot out.  If you don't want to walk, you can get the free shuttle to Caesar's (down strip) or the Wynn (just across the street).The rooms are VERY spacious, with a large jacuzzi tub in the bathroom, as well as a tv in the mirror and a glass-enclosed shower.  Views toward the Mirage look down to the pool, which is resort style and really great.  There are bright lights, though, that shine from the pool upward at night right into the rooms - not that it's bright that you can't sleep or anything but more that you can't enjoy the view AS much with the bright lights.If you have some time while here, make sure you spend time at the pool - with a bar on the pool deck, you have no reason not to get some sun. Note: There IS A RESORT FEE ( I think every hotel in Vegas has one now ) each night per room.  It "includes" wifi, pool use, and other resort features, but keep this in mind when booking on other sites like Expedia and Priceline as this fee is not usually included in those rates.  Also, there is NO CASINO is this hotel.  Which can be amazing ( I thought so ) and can be a downer.  I would absolutely recommend this hotel when coming to Las Vegas.
4	If the Trump Tower was located anywhere but Vegas, It'd be perfect. But it just seems so out of place (literally) for a Vegas hotel.I came here with a large sponsored group over the weekend, so everything was complimentary, so I can't say anything about money value of this hotel.The lobby/public area was very clean and spacious. Gold as far as the eye can see.I loved the mini suites with the kitchenette and REAL fridge. Not one of those mini 'bars' with $10 bottles of water and $15 bags of M&M's. Too bad realistically, you won't be cooking anything at all here. The bathroom was amazing with the built in tv on the mirror (perfect for bumping music while getting ready for the night!). Separate HUGE bathtub. Shower head had the weakest pressure and sprayed water unevenly. Beds were very very comfortable and we had a great view of the strip. Unfortunately there is ZERO reception in the room/hallway. My phone was basically useless unles sI went into the lobby or was out on the strip. Also, the wifi never connected!The pool area is huge! We missed it, as we came too late. But one of the roaming guards was nice enough to let us go outside anyway and dip out feet under the cold vegas sky and take pictures! How nice! He also gave us a hint on how to get to the rooftop, but the door to the roof was locked when we found it :( Thanks anyway random nice roaming security dude!My 2 biggest pet peeve about this hotel was the elevator and the fact that it doesn't have a casino. I knew the casino thing before coming, but the problem would arise from the fact that we would be on the strip, and some people would want to go back to the room. We would have to take a taxi or wait for the shuttle since the hotel is off the strip. Because I wanted to save money, I would hitch a ride back with my buddies. But once we were at the hotel, I realize I actually wanted to gamble some more and there was nothing I could do unless I wanted to walk back to the strip in my painful heels or hail another $$$ cab.The elevators were annoying! They put my group on floors 31, 34, and 35. The elevators split at floor 34. So to get from my room 31 to my friend's room in 35, I would have to get on the first elevator to get to floor 34, get off, walk down the hallway to the next one, and take that one to 35! The first day we were so lost and confused it took forever to even find our friends. The worst was when I had to travel from floor 35, take an elevator, grab our friends on floor 34, take a new elevator to 31, grab our stuff, then 1 more to the lobby. Confusing? Yes indeed.But in the end, it is a great hotel with minimal problems. But for vegas purposes, I prefer being on the strip with a resort/casino.
5	Went to Vegas the last week of March 2014. My stay at The Trump was great. These rooms are very clean and service is great. The rooms are awesome and they come with a nice kitchenette, living room, with a pull our bed. Tub, the shower and stall are covered, the mirror inside the bathroom has a TV, a small fridge, microwave, and a coffee maker. They don't have self parking if that's what you are looking for. They only provide valet parking. I would gladly recommend this hotel.
5	I spent 4 nights here with my wife during Christmas 2013. It is pure royalty here. Everybody was really helpful and understanding. In-suite food is amazing quality and quantity. Although it is pricey, it is worth every penny you spend. I will definitely recommend it
5	This is an amazing hotel! Everything was so spotless and clean, and the way that we check that is my husband walked around with his white socks on and they stayed white. The bathtub the bathroom the kitchen everything was absolutely spotless. The bathtub was huge, making for an amazing romantic time for a bath. There was a TV set inside of the mirror in the bathroom. The service was amazing, everybody went out of their way to make sure that our stay was perfect. We ordered room service and it was absolutely delicious, and it came served hot. We were there celebrating our anniversary, and they even provided us with a complimentary bottle of wine. The view from our room was absolutely gorgeous. During our stay, they called up to the room to make sure that every interaction that we had with the hotel staff was to our liking. I would definitely recommend the Trump to anybody, and everybody, if you're looking for an amazing stay where you feel pampered and appreciated!
4	This place is sweeet, especially for someone that hates walking through a smokey casino to get to your room.I lucked into a corner suite because my husband was a muckety muck in a big group staying there. But the group got a good rate, so definitely consider booking a pack there for a trade show.Walk to/from the Sands is very painless, since half of it is on a deserted walkway, with just a short walk on the annoying strip sidewalk.It's across the street from the big fashion mall -- yawner unless you need an outfit in a pinch, which I did. A few good mall/strip restaurants nearby.The 2-room suite is amazing. Full kitchen, including dishwasher, two bathrooms, washer/dryer (in one! a technological marvel).There's a mandatory resort fee (Internet and gym -- I hate that crap), so make sure you factor that into the rate.Staff is friendly, especially the housekeepers.The robes in the suite were the must luscious I've ever experienced, and believe you me, I've worn a lot of robes. I wore it the whole four days, including to the trade show.I don't give it a 5 because 1) the pillows were meh and 2) the water in the massive marble shower was a mere trickle.
5	Work
4	I loved this hotel. Not having a casino at the hotel is amazing. No smoke, no walking 10 miles through the lobby to get to the front desk or outside. Super big rooms, Starbucks coffee for the coffee maker, view of the strip, TV in the bathroom mirror and the sitting area were awesome. Only reasons for not giving it fiver stars were:1.) Bathroom Shower Head was really low (although detachable)2.) Free shuttle was limited in destinations. For being off the strip, it would be nice to have the shuttle take you more places. I will stay here next time in Vegas. Great Value!
5	I've stayed at this hotel twice so far (both times to celebrate my birthday) and my young son accompanied me. We BOTH love coming here! The second time was last year ( the night before thanksgiving) and were upgraded to a 1 bedroom corner suite at no charge and also were granted late checkout (3:00 pm). The service from the valet when you first drive in, up to the front desk personnel when you check in and out was impeccable. Our suite was utterly fantastic, my only regret was not being able to stay a second night! I love the soap and hair products that are provided in the room as well, smells so yummy! I will be back for my birthday this November!!
5	With shuttles going to Wynn and Caesars, unlmtd bottled water,  & regal presentation the Trump is the ideal 5 star resort.
4	Great hotel, relaxing away from the chaos and. Didn't give it 5 stars because my bathroom shower was clogged and they were unable to repair it before I had to leave for dinner. Also the tv reception is sporadic and just flat out didn't work at one point.Everything else was as expected. Larger than average basic room which was very nice.This hotel is valet only FYI. A little confusing when looking for the self parking for a first time guest.I would recommend this place and will keep it as an option for myself in the future.
1	Beware there is a significant resort charge hidden until checked in by which time it is too late. Be prepared to feel cheated and swindled! Otherwise it is a great hotel especially for the price. Also odd though is there is no self parking only valet which is free, but can take a while especially during checkout.
3	Here's the deal..... Had this been rated as a 3 or 4 star hotel, I would have easily given them more stars.  But when you classify yourself as a "five star" resort, my expectations rise right along with your rating.The good:* I booked on Priceline under "name your price" for $105 and was accepted.  This was during Spring Break, so it was a great deal.* location is right across the street from the mall & Nordstrom.  If you like to shop, you will love the location.* NO CASINO, therefore quiet and relaxing.* Spectacular views from the higher floors.  We were in room 5616 & while it faced the "old town" side of the Strip, it was nonetheless spectacular. * complimentary valet parking.  You may have to wait 5-10 min, but it's well worth the wait.* microwave, mini fridge, built in hot plate, & sink make it super easy to have a wide variety of snacks & drinks in the room.  Anyone with kids will surely understand this!!  :)* huge bathroom with shower & juccuzi tub.* complimentary shuttle to & from Caesars Palace & the Mirage (not sure if it's the Mirage or another hotel.....) every 15 min.  Very convenient feature.* Yoga @ 9:00 for $12.00* great gym* express elevators with three separate areas servicing certain floors* TV in the bathroom mirror* friendly & efficient front desk staff* complimentary water & Starbucks coffee in room daily.* extremely comfortable king sized bed.* If you are older and/or have any type of issue that makes walking great distances an issue, this is the hotel for you!  You pull your car up to the front doors & literally walk for 3-4 minutes to the elevators to your room.  Door to door in less than 10 minutes..... And maybe even less.  This is a huge plus and so much more peaceful than schlepping through a huge, loud, smoky casino.The Bad:* the room was dusty* the pull out couch was miserably uncomfortable with springs popping through.  They need to be replaced.* the pool had trash in it.  Granted it was windy, but it was still gross.* $25.00 "resort fee" that was never really discussed until I asked.* the desk was all stained & damaged* the window vent was broken & constantly made loud noise* the carpet was kind of nasty * I had to call down for bedding for the extra bedding for the couch & wait 20+ minutes to get it.  This should have been in the room.* freight train noise every morning..... Early morning...... All morning long.I honestly enjoyed my stay.  However, I would not rate this as a five-star experience at all.  This hotel is 3 1/2- 4 stars at best.
4	Great hotel, right across fashion show mall and Wynn. Everything was perfect except for that train passing by, if you are a light and troubled sleeper like I am you may want to skip it and consider an off the strip hotel. The bathtub has 3 jet settings it was amazing and our view from the 26th floor was gorgeous. Comfy beds and the pool downstairs offers waiter service and indoor cafe.
5	Wow what an experience again. Last year I had a wonderful experience at Las Vegas Trump hotel celebrating my girlfriends birthday. So I decided to try it again at the same hotel, and sure enough I was glad I did. I booked for a 2 night stay Friday through Sunday on Easter weekend. I wanted to make it would truly be a special weekend for my girlfriend by getting a suite with a beautiful view of the Las Vegas strip. Sure enough I contacted Trump Int Hotel LV through email and Maribel Rodriguez helped me out. I told her about me and my girlfriend celebrating her birthday weekend and she replied back with an upgraded room with a beautiful view high in the hotel and birthday amenities at no charge. And boy did they deliver! Once we checked in, the girl at the front desk said happy birthday to my girlfriend. We went to our room to see the marvelous view of our suite. In the closest they had 2 soft bathrobes for me and my girlfriend. When my girlfriend went to the bathroom to put her hair straightener away in one of the bathroom cabinets, she found a cute little box of delicious belgian truffle chocolates, yum! Both her and I were very astonished by this sweet gesture. Day 2 came and the Bell Captain named Brady Stanford approached me and told me how my day was going. I told him that it was going wonderful and I am glad to be celebrating my girlfriends birthday. Sure enough he says, "Oh its your girlfriends birthday, let me see what I can do for you.". He asked me what my girlfriends name was and what room I was staying in, and so I told him. Sure enough around 3 AM after coming back from a Las Vegas night club, someone left a message on my door that said to contact room service for an amenity. I call and sure enough a man named Martin comes and delivers 6 big chocolate dipped strawberries to our suite along with a birthday card with my girlfriends name on it. Me and my girlfriend were definitely very delighted for the kind act Mr.Stanford did for my girlfriend. The chocolate dipped strawberries tasted so delicious with our Stella Rosa wine! So I want to give out a big thank you for making my girlfriends birthday experience even more special. Thank you Maribel Rodriguez , Brady Stanford, Martin and all staff members that took part of making our experience at the Trump hotel a very beautiful 2 night stay. Aside from that, they also gave us a late 1pm checkout which was a plus after partying hard on Saturday night and two wine glasses to drink our Stella Rosa that we brought from home. I will definitely come back and continue to book again at Trump International hotel when I visit Las Vegas. Twice they have made my experience special with my girlfriend and I can guarantee they will continue to do so. Notes: Trump hotel offers shuttle service at no charge and drops you off at either Wynn hotel and casino or Caesars Palace. The shuttle is right outside in front of the hotel. It is a big black van that fits around 10 people. They also pick you up from the same place they dropped you off (Wynn or Caesars), as a shuttle passes every 15 minutes to drop off people from Trump and take people back to Trump. The shuttle stops at 12AM at Caesars and at 2AM at Wynn if Im not mistaken. Don't let the distance from the strip discourage you, the shuttle drops you where all the action is at (Caesars). Notes: They offer shoe shining service at no charge, and boy did they made my Stacy Adams shine super nice and black before I went to the club!Notes: All rooms come with a big fridge, microwave, and a stove. This is a plus since we brought water bottles, beer and liquor with us. We kept all of our drinks cold!
5	Seriously the nicest room I've stayed in! All the rooms are suite style and I stayed in a two bathroom and one bedroom. It had a fully equipped kitchen with a living room. There was so much space and there was only two of us.In the master bathroom they have a bathtub with jets. And the shower has two heads!The kitchen was my favorite part because we brought groceries and cooked our own meals. Keep in mind that the trump doesn't have a casino nor any restaurants. They do have a shuttle that takes you to the Wynn and encore and the harrahs/ bally's  area. There is also a free shuttle that takes you to and from the airport which is pretty awesome.
4	This is a 5 star hotel.  Overall it was a nice place.  We went to bar for happy hour and our bar tender was excellent.  The room was excellent.  The only thing (may be good or bad) is there is no casino in the hotel.  Their  shuttle to the strip runs about every 15 minutes, but stops at midnight...a little early for Vegas
5	A group of us came down for a working trip from out of town and stayed here. I am hard to impress and dared the Trump to give me it's best shot. Our bevy of vehicles entered the valet parking entrance and were quickly greeted by several very cheerful and swift gentlemen who carefully took our cars into their care and whisked them away. Doormen opened doors into a beautifully appointed foyer area. Fresh flowers were in evidence and everything was sparkling and elegant. My first impressions were of a establishment that took pride in being a resort of note. Check in was easy, and we went up into our rooms. Our one bedroom suites on the top half of the hotel were absolutely stunning. Crisp linens, full kitchen, everything spotless. Soft beds, clean sheets, little amenities such as the master bath with whirlpool jets. When we called housekeeping to request utensils, extra tea bags and water, they were brought to our room within fifteen minutes. The staff's deportment was impeccable. Polite, well mannered, professional. Fitness center and pool were lovely and easy to access, and none too crowded. A shuttle takes you to either Caesars or Encore/Wynn in swanky Mercedes vans. Extremely convenient! Also, no casinos and no smoking to be seen. Fabulous! I have stayed at other establishments, but this one takes my breath away. Well done Trump! We'll be back!
4	This hotel is nice, I got a decent price through AAA for three nights on Easter weekend.  The staff is very polite and responsive.  Required valet is a little annoying; we needed to go to our car a couple of times which required an escort (and of course a tip - sew me, I'm being cheap, paying someone so I can go to my car?).  That guy was friendly however, when asking about our activities for the weekend we mentioned LV Indoor Skydiving.  He said he knew someone who worked there and could get us a hook-up.  We saw him the next day, he said the same thing.  Nothing came of it.  I wasn't looking for a hookup but TRUMP employees shouldn't be spouting (especially unsolicited) nonsense if they aren't going to follow-up.  We got a corner suite, nice view, lots of windows, love the double entry to reduce hallway noise, full but empty kitchen (slightly useless).  The bathroom is enormous which honestly seems completely pointless but loved the giant picture window over the bathtub was a great touch.  Loved the view, it was clean, well maintained, very comfortable bed.  Absolutely STUPID ridiculous that the pool closes at 7pm.   One block from the strip makes it not worth mentioning but everyone seems all uptight about it, they offer a free shuttle to the Wynn and Ceasars so why complain.  I like seeing what different hotels have to offer. I'm not sold on only returning to this one.
4	I stayed in a junior suite, and because the jucuzzi tub wasnt working correctly we were upgrade into  a 1 bedroom  suite that was absolutly amazing.
3	I like the fact that there is no casino. However, there is definitely a wind noise in the room most of the time,  the train is pretty loud when it comes by and room service was very slow. We asked for 2 wine glasses from the front desk. An hour and a half later they had still not arrived and it was time for us to go to a show. When we returned they were there but at that point we really had no use for them. Other than that the rooms were very big with great views and clean.
4	This place is great if you want something nice but cheaper than other 4 star hotels. Use priceline or hotwire and you'll be happy with the hotel. If you pay full-price you may wish you opted for a different hotel. It is definitely NOT ON THE STRIP. It is a short walk to the strip but a walk nonetheless. Parking is sometimes a pain so we chose to park in the mall parking directly across the street. No need to tip or wait for the valet. :) If you can, request a view of the Strip otherwise you may be facing I-15 and a bunch of sex shops.
5	When booking our room I noticed the rate was significantly less at Trump than it's neighbors Wynn and Encore. I was hesitant but booked anyway because the rooms looked nice. When we arrived at the hotel we mentioned it was our first time there and asked if they can help make our stay more memorable and the guy who checked us in upgraded us to a killer suite without hesitation. We got unpacked and headed down to the lobby bar and in the elevator, a man asked how our stay was so far and we answered so far so good. He turned out to be the GM and after our first round of drinks were brought to us we were told he had taken care of them for us. It was a great way to begin our mini vacay! Thank you Trump Intl for going above and beyond and we will definitely be visiting your hotel again soon!
3	So my group of friends and I decided to take a chance with this hotel after seeing that I could save $100+ per night compared to the other 5-star hotels on the strip, i.e. Wynn/Encore, Palazzo/Venetian, Caesar's, the City Center Hotels, etc. The hotel is located about a block off the actual strip, just down the street from the Wynn and Encore. In fact, we had a very nice view of the two hotels from our window on the 17th floor. Our group figured it would be best since we planned to club at XS on both Friday and Saturday night of our stay. Luckily for us, the hotel provides a round-the-clock shuttle to the Wynn that arrives every 15 minutes or so that will take you on a 5 minute ride down the block to the Wynn. Unfortunately for us, this service ends at 2am, so if you plan to stay at the club til it closes, you'll have to cab your way back since the ladies aren't about to walk back to Trump in their clubbing shoes.As for the hotel itself, it was very nice. Fancy enough compared to some of the others but again, I didn't think it compared to some of the nicest "true" 5-stars in the area. If you've stayed at Aria, Vdara, Cosmopolitan, Venetian, and Palazzo, you know what 5 stars is like!Parking is valet ONLY which for some should be a convenience, but was annoying for me because I had to tip every time I picked up my car and depending on the line, had to wait also. Our room had one king bed + a sleeper sofa (no double bed + sleeper sofa option available!), the sleeper had no sheets, and we were missing an iron+ironing board and had to call 5 times for them to bring one. Despite this, the room itself was very clean and the big king bed was very comfortable. Bathroom featured frosted glass doors for the shower and the toilet area so you could be going about your business if other people wanted to use the restroom at the same time to wash their hands, do their hair, etc. at the vanity. Not something you should do most of the time, but when everyone is trying to use the restroom at the same time to get to the club in time, you gotta do what you gotta do. Also, no casino or buffet downstairs was something of a negative in case you want to go down for a quick meal or to gamble a couple of bucks away. The positive side of this is that you don't get all the noise, sounds, and smells of having those things downstairs. Didn't get to see or use the gym or the pool area, but they did look nice in pictures. Would I recommend this place? If there are only 2 or 3 people in your group, this is a perfectly good place if you don't mind the distance and don't mind not having a casino or buffet downstairs. For the younger crowd that comes with an entourage, I suggest skipping this place and forking over the extra money for a nicer place with 2 double beds and the sleeper sofa. So overall...The good: Bargain price compared to the other 5-star hotels, comfortable basic room is perfect for 2 people, 3 at most. For a bigger group, opt for a 1 or 2-bedroom suite. Quiet if that's what you're looking for in a Vegas hotel. Tacos El Gordo just down the street! Very good for late night munchies.The bad: Valet parking only was somewhat inconvenient, not super close to other hotels/resorts, no buffet or casino downstairs, no options for 2 double beds - one king bed only in a regular room.The ugly: 5 calls to get an iron in our room - not cool if you have to iron your clothes before clubbing!
5	There is not much negative I can say about my stay at the trump. We were there for 4 nights. We arrived at close to noon and the drive way was a little hectic. It seems they have no order to it. The workers try to maintain a flow but with the cabs, shuttle, valet, people checking out etc. It was crazy that one day. The rest of my stay the driveway was fine. As soon as we pull up. We were welcomed and asked if we needed anything. Our room wasn't ready yet. They checked us in and called us around 2 when it was. "No early check in fee". One more slight negative was that I paid extra for a strip view on the 42nd floor. We could see the top of all the hotels but that pesky treasure island blocked the strip mostly. Now to the good stuff. This is most definitely a different type of Vegas hotel. If you're looking for the chaos of a casino, clubs, restaurants and other elements of the strip around you at all times then this is not the place for you. I thoroughly enjoyed escaping back to our room after the commotion of the strip. With no casino full of smoke and games. We were out of valet to our rooms in about a minute with the express elevators. the room was very modern and comfortable. Sub zero fridge that froze everything because I mistakenly turned it up. A double stove with microwave oven over. We used all of that. The view through the floor-to-ceiling windows was breathtaking day and night. The bed was so comfortable I didn't want to lay in it until I was ready for fear that it would put me to sleep. the huge his and hers closets held all of pur belongings with space above for our suitcases. Ample cabinet and drawer space. We requested plates and utensils. They give you water and Starbucks coffee daily. No power black out curtains. The bathroom is where they went all in. The huge "quietly" jetted tub. The shower big enough for 4 people. The his and hers sinks with a huge mirror with built in tv was innovative to me. The enclosed toilet gave privacy. The pool was all that was needed. Padded beach chairs, day beds and a couple cabanas for rent. It was never crowded and the wait staff was there but never overbearing. This hotel was perfect for me. Glamorous but not over the top. Right accross the street for a Nordstroms. Close to industrial ave so we could get around quickly without getting stuck in the strip traffic. The rooms have a door bell and buttons to call for house keeping and "do not disturb". All of the wait staff went the extra step to take care of us. From the valet to the bell staff to the front desk to pool staff to house keeping. Yes there was a train but it was never a nuisance. My call service was fine but we did have to use the WiFi.  would most definitely stay here again.
1	This was our second time staying at trump. The hotel is cheap, close to the strip and clean. I did order room service for one breakfast since there was no space in the dinning area. The food was disgusting. The other days I went out. You could hear the train the entire time. It is annoying when you are trying to sleep and the train passes. Also we got an item that we purchased taken from our room which they kept saying oh we can't say for sure if someone took it. It was missing after the house keeping left. Also I asked them to change the sheets on the bed but they never changed them. I won't be staying there anymore. They also charge a 25 dollars resort fee per day which can add up if you are staying several nights.
5	I had an excellent stay at the Trump for my one day in Vegas. Although the Trump is at the end of the Strip (Near the Wynn), it was not that far off. Located across from the Fashion Island mall, this hotel is the the definition of classic elegance. My friends and I arrived in Vegas around 11am. Although check-in did not begin till 3pm. We tried our luck with the front desk and was notified that a room was not ready. We left a number and ventured across the street to the mall.When our room was ready (30 minutes later), the 1 bedroom Strip View suite was perfect for the 4 of us. Having two bathrooms in the suite made getting ready less hectic. The main bathroom in the bedroom was spacious and the tub looked amazing! For 4 girls, there was not enough countertop space. Unlike The Palms Place, you have to request cookware/kitchenware from room service. It did take about 15 - 20 minutes to receive the items. Also, I thought it was kind of the front desk to call to see if we receive the items requested. Cell reception was a major problem. My friends and I had terrible reception on the 51st floor, and we had T-mobile and Verizon.This hotel is valet only. When I left this Sunday morning, I didn't have a problem with waiting too long for my car. However, I did leave at 7am.Overall, this is a great hotel if you're looking for calm and nice retreat from the strip. I say it is an affordable hotel and greatly accommodates large groups. From now on, I believe my Vegas days will be spent at the Trump Hotel. Resort Fee: $28/day (besides the usual, this fee includes two small water bottles/day in your room). I spent $253.00 with taxes for one night. I was in Vegas during Cinco De Mayo weekend and there were two big fights this past weekend. So the prices were higher. Normally you can stay at the Trump for less!
5	Now this is what a suite should look like! I took my mom & sisters to Vegas over the weekend for my mom's birthday. We each got a suite ranging from the 49th floor to the 59th floor. Needless to say our views were nothing but breathtaking. The suites were gigantic in size - dare I say, bigger than my apartment/condo! Each suite has a full kitchen, living room, an actual bedROOM, massive master bathroom, and another full bath outside. You read that right, two FULL baths! In the master bathroom - which could've double as a ball room; seriously, you can hold a dance in there as it's very spacious - there's a his and hers sink (are there any other kind of sinks?), a tub with a large window overlooking the strip, and a shower stand that could've fit a party of four (it is vegas after all)!There are a few minor issues (albeit trivial) I had with the room, such as: bedroom door slamming continuously whenever the AC was on, old fashioned curtains that wouldn't close properly leaving the bright sunlight to shine through, and lastly, the dim lighting. The windows are darkly tinted and the light fixtures are opaque enough to drown out the lights, giving off a yellow hue. Ladies, it's difficult putting on your makeup when there's an instagram-style filter in the room. Thankfully these issues are so trivial that it's not enough for me to knock off a full point from this review. The price was reasonable despite a huge boxing fight going on that weekend so it should be very affordable off-season. If you don't mind the absence of a casino (or buffet) in your hotel then you'd be in for a luxurious treat at the Trump. Who knew the guy with a bad hairdo/hairpiece has great style in design and decor?At the end of our stay, my mom felt like a queen in her king size bed, and this princess was very pleased as well.
4	We stayed at Trump for 4 nights.  When we arrived, we were upgraded to a one bedroom suite with a view of the strip.   Staff was very friendly.  Hotel was very clean and well kept.  Pool area didn't have enough lounge chairs, but otherwise was great.  Food around the pool was ok--definitely nothing special.   Ordered the sliders and they were too salty.  Drinks were good though.   The DJT restaurant offered good breakfast but service was slow as molasses.   No casino on the property,  but I don't gamble so that was actually a plus.  However those looking for a casino will have to take a cab to one of the other casinos or take the free shuttle to Wynn or Ceasars Palace.   Overall Trump offers solid value, clean rooms and great overall service.  I would return here.
2	If you want to be awakened by the blaring horn of a freight train after a long night of Vegas fun, the Trump Tower is the place for you! It happened to me two mornings in a row - Saturday and Sunday.  Additionally, the food is mediocre, as is the service from the staff. The design of the entrance to my room, isn't well though-out, either -- it is a large double door, opening into a marble floored foyer type area that is shared by the room next door. Therefore, every time the neighbors come and go, the slamming of the doors echoes through the entrance area and could wale the dead. The pool area is crowded. All-in-all, this has been quite an underwhelming experience, and I will not be back. Donald, YOU'RE FIRED!
1	I Would Not Come Back Here.here why:My friends and I were here to celebrate graduation for the weekend. Brittney at the counter kindly checked us in and said they will be taking $1000 for the deposit and made me sign a sheet saying that "we won't go crazy." Well, we didn't. However, before  checking out I noticed a charge for $250 of 'smoking fee' and I naturally complained while checking out to tell them I wasn't notified of any non-smoking regulations or fees. An employee told me that they were specifically trained to focus on the non-smoking part and mentioning a non-refundable $250 fee. I told her I spoke with Brittney who didn't mention of this rule and told her I needed to see the form I signed. When she came back, the paper had the non-smoking part circled, which I definitely don't remember when I checked-in. Soon, the manager came to tell me that he was the one who circled and admitted that he had the employee lie on behalf of him. Surprisingly, I didn't get the smoking fee refunded and MOREOVER, the manager spoke to me in a threatening tone, asking if I was using other substances besides tobacco. Uhm, Excuse ME? I was paying $1,500 to stay in your penthouse for the weekend and I do not expect for me and my friends to be accused of engaging in illegal activities just because I was smoking cigarettes. Regardless of the clean 5-star hotel look and the chill housekeeping staff (that I tipped a lot) this hotel should NOT be getting any customers who are planning a "Las Vegas" experience. Please do reconsider.
4	4 stars at best when I stayed here 5/14-5/17 but I did have a nice stay here once I got used to the flow of things.  There is no chaos that comes with a casino + hotel.  If I was going to return to Vegas next month, this hotel will be one of my top choices.THE MAJOR PLUS OF THIS PLACE IS THE PROPERTY IS STRICTLY NON-SMOKING.When you sign the terms and conditions, it clearly states the hotel will charge you a $250 refresh fee if you smoke in the rooms.  Whether this is pointed out or not, this is the major reason to stay at this hotel if you are a non-smoker like me.If you book on Hotwire like I did, you do not get Trump credits but one of the benefits about the property highlighted is that it is SMOKE-FREE.  If you book at the Trump website, it states the rooms are large and non-smoking.For those that cannot understand this, the only thing I have to say is DUH.Check in was quick and friendly.  My room was not ready so I waited in the lobby for about 15 minutes while the current rooms queued up were going through inspection.After I got my keys, I went up to the 32nd floor and noticed your room is door is actually behind one big doors.  You open the big door with your key card and see 2 more doors.  One of them is your room.  I would say this is a plus because you are insulated from the noisy people walking the halls.  Negative about this is that if the other room is occupied, you could potentially hear their door slamming but for me, it was empty.My room was missing a robe.  The MANDATORY resort fee here was $25 per day.  It includes free coffee pods, 2 bottle of waters a day, electronic access to magazines or newspapers on your iPad, and WI-FI or internet (no limit on devices).The gym is ok and closes late.  For a business traveler, it is a good place to get some rest.The room has a refrigerator (empty) that you can use for free [Venetian/Palazzo, take note].  Plus a stove and microwave.The beds were comfortable but I did notice some things that prevented me from rating this property 5 stars:1.  Layer of dust under the toaster2.  Light socket in lamp is broken3.  Shades are manual, not electronic4.  Freight train horn in the morning5.  Sink and tub not cleaned to my standardsThe rooms have a large bathroom, with jacuzzi style tub, double sinks, and large shower.  Plenty of space to store your clothes and there is a safe in the room.Parking is valet only but you can park across the street at the Fashion Show Mall in the garage by Nordstroms.  There is a free shuttle to the Wynn/Encore.  I was able to get in and out of the hotel real quickly.  This is a big plus.  It didn't matter if I was crossing the street to the garage or walking to the strip.The major plus of this property is that it is NON-SMOKING.  I don't understand why some people will go into a room that is smoke-free and light up.  Do you know that you stink up the room for the next person?Elmer M, you are FIRED!
4	beautiful hotel and no casino (no smoking at all). rooms were very large and comfy. fabulous bathroom with jets in deep tub. $25 resort fee and the outdoor pool closes at 8pm (not sure why as there isn't a lifeguard anyway and many guests would love the pool at night). valet only parking but it is included so you just have to tip. right across from the fashion mall and easy walk to the strip. WiFi included.
5	Another GREAT stay at the Trump.  Love it there!  Everyone treated us AWESOME!  Food and drinks excellent value when compared to the strip hotels!Adjacent to one of the BEST shopping malls!  Love the no smoking no casino atmosphere!Already planning our next stay at the TRUMP!!!!
5	When we booked this hotel for our Las Vegas vacation I was a bit worried about the location.  It wasn't far at all from the strip!  We walked to the strip every day.  The rooms are amazing.  Very comfortable, clean, and you didn't have the musty hotel room scent.  We booked a spa day at their spa on premises and it was amazing!  That was money well spent.  Their on site restaurant was gourmet all the way.  We felt like royalty!  I would visit the Trump International Hotel again and again.
5	This was my second time back at Trump and it surpassed my expectations once again. Although I think this hotel would be more in line with 4.5 stars, my personal experience this stay was worthy of a 5. From the moment we arrived, we were treated as VIP guests (which as poor graduate students we are not). There was a short line of people waiting to check-in (5-7) which I was perfectly fine with when out of nowhere came a hotel employee who offered to check us in at the VIP counter around the corner. (Who were we to deny his request? Ha.) While checking-in, we asked for available upgrades; for a $50 upgrade fee, he put us in a strip-facing 60th floor giant 1-bedroom (2 full baths) suite with full kitchen, living room/dining room. Did we need all of that space? Obviously not. But boy was it nice to have. Moral of the story: ASK for an upgrade and swing for it, too. Common complaints about this hotel (with rebuttals):(1) Far from the strip: Lies. It's approximately a 3-5 minute walk to Wynn and Encore down the street. PLUS, there is a free shuttle to the Wynn, Encore, and Caesar's Palace that leaves every 10 minutes and runs until midnight. (2) No casino in the hotel: Is this really a complaint? There are a gabillion (a really large number) casinos in Vegas. Don't you want to come back to a quiet smoke-free sanctuary away from all the hussle and noise of any casino right down the street? Yes. Yes you do.(3) Resort fees: ALL Vegas hotels have resort fees. My complaints:(1) The bar closes early and service at the bar could be improved. My compliments:(1) FREE shuttle that runs until midnight; Use this. (2) Great lounge chairs by the pool(3) Fast, efficient valet service built into the resort fee(4) Wonderful staff; I was walking to the elevator and remembered I needed some  extra drinking glasses in my room; when I approached a maid with her cart, she said that would be no problem. When I tried to tell her my room number, she said she already knew it. Impressive.(5) Substantially cheaper than all other 5-Star strip hotels regardless of who you book through
2	What a disappointment!  I expected much more for the rates and the name.  No casino, which normally would be fine, but not even a nice restaurant.  The hotel has one restaurant which nobody visits.  My girlfriend and I attempted to eat at it prior to going to a show, and could not even finish our meal.  The halibut was over seasoned and the noodles tasted as though they came from a Lipton food pack.  My girlfriends filet was greasy and difficult to stomach - neither of us finished our meal.  The only positive thing I have to say about this hotel is that the service is excellent.  For the money, pick another spot!
3	I used hotwire to get this hotel at a pretty good price. Originally, I wouldn't stay at the Trump. The pros: It is a suite. The Cons: valet parking only and no casino in hotel. We stayed 2 days:With no fancy car, we were treated a little differently that it didn't feel welcoming. I tried to tip at least $5 for valet. With valet, I only used them twice. We walked the strip most of the time to avoid dealing with their valet process that made us uncomfortable. If only their valet treated us the same as everyone else, then it would have felt relaxing. I see it as business. You do your job no matter the person of dress attire or status. Your beliefs stay at home. Your job is service and customer happiness.  However, I didn't feel it here.
2	Trump Hotel should be a 3 star hotel....Bad customer service; Torn sheets in my room!!Pro:1.  Good bathroom and room amenities2. No CasinoCons:1. Staff cant handle busy days well2. You might find bed sheets with holes in them (its supposed to be a 5 star hotel)3. Noisy (you can hear sound from the pool or the Train even though you are on the top 5 floors)4. Staff not trained to handle customer complaints properly. 5. No Casino6. Near the railway lineThe reason I chose Trump was that I expected it to be quieter, since it was away from the strip, alas I was so wrong. The train honks early in the morning everyday. The horn was loud enough to wake me up. I am light sleeper, but if you are sleeping at a 5 star hotel, on one of the top 5 floors you don't expect to hear outside noise.The main thing that disappointed me was their customer service. When I complained regarding the same to their staff, the lady at the front desk told me that they could not move me since they were at capacity. She tried to prove to me that I was far away from the railway line and that I should not be hearing the train nor the pool music at all. She acted unapologetic and condescending and offered to send over ear plugs; couldn't stop stressing that they were going to be free of cost like she was doing me a big favor. Funny thing after all that, the ear plugs were never delivered.Icing on the cake was that next day I realized there were holes in my bed sheets. I even had the housekeeping clean my room after the first day use. This is supposed to be a 5 star hotel. How can you send torn sheets to my room!!!
3	I stayed here this past Memorial Day Weekend with my friends, and I would give this hotel a 5 star review if it weren't for the horrible service received at the pool.  When my friends and I arrived, we got there a few hours before check-in (which is fine) and we decided to kill time by going to the pool and enjoying some food and drinks.  We checked our bags with the concierge service (HUGE plus!), and made our way to the pool.  When we got there, we noticed there was a free cabana that nobody was sitting at (not even a towel was on it), and we inquired about what we needed to do to rent it.  The young lady proceeded to let us know that it's a $50 minimum in order to rent them (not a big deal at all), but that there were people previously on it and she wasn't sure if they were coming back or not since the rental fee gets you the cabana for the whole day (which doesn't make sense to me because they're missing out on opportunities to make money).  She then told us we can sit our stuff down on it and wait a little while to see if the people came back, and in the mean time she was going to talk to her manager.  After about 35 minutes, a couple walks in (I was able to see this because we were sitting right on the edge of the pool by where they came in) and they were inquiring about the cabanas.  Make a longer story short- the girl came over and told us we had to move our stuff because the people came back, when in reality they weren't ever there because I heard the conversation!  We took our stuff and moved to where there were four reclining chairs and set-up there, only not to be seen by a server for nearly 40 min!  When we finally got to order, it took another 20-25 minutes for our drinks to come out!  The rest of the staff was great, and more than helpful- but that pool staff definitely can learn a thing or two from others within in the facility.  My friends and I aren't confrontational, and we're not ones to make a scene lucky for them, because if we were there would've been a big scene made Saturday.  Other than that, the rooms were really nice and spacious- and the beds were super comfy!TIP:  book through the hotel directly and you will be guaranteed late check-out!CONS:  pool service, valet only (and if you don't tip they get smart with the usual "i appreciate it" line) which was inconvenient at times when I didn't have cash or just needed to run inside for a few.PROS:  quick service when you call the front desk for things, good food reasonably priced, free luggage storage, no casino which makes it a more relaxing stay and not smokey, just off the main strip so there's not as much commotion outside the hotel, spacious rooms, tv in the bathroom!
4	Great hotel without any of the fake themed decorations you'll find on the other hotels on the strip.  Off the strip but you can actually get there faster than a regular casino hotel, as you don't have to walk 2 miles through gaming rooms to get out.  Minimal line to get a taxi or shuttle.  Small pool but pretty chill.  Service a little slow in the pool area.
3	The Trump was a nice hotel, but I'm not sure it was worth the price. First of all, you're in Vegas and you're there to play; it was extremely disappointing to learn that there was no casino in the hotel. What? Trump hotel just off strip and no casino?!? That was a big miss - I wouldn't have booked the place directly, but it's what we ended up getting via Priceline bidding. Anyway, so they have these shuttles to the Wynn and Ceasers to try to make up for it. It works pretty well during the day. The ride to the Wynn is super fast. It's literally a block away on a quiet street. The thing is, the shuttles don't run too late - well relative to Vegas-time.The lady at the front desk when we checked in wasn't very pleasant. She did a heavy up-sell job on room upgrades. We ended up keeping the room we booked. I noticed it's a trend at these Vegas hotels, but there was this additional $25/night resort fee we had to pay, which wasn't included in our original reservation. I wasn't completely surprised because I stayed a couple nights in another nearby hotel for a couple of nights before this one and they had it as well.The room itself ended up being fine. It was spacious and had some nice features, like a TV in the bathroom mirror (not like that was practically useful). It was fine and the housekeepers were liberal with the bottled water, which was much appreciated.I wouldn't stay at the hotel again, because you're paying near the high-end of the spectrum in terms of price, but you aren't getting the full Vegas experience without the  casino and so forth. I'm assuming they're trying to get approved for that as well, but I guess Trump should've played more nicely with Wynn in Atlantic City. Anyway, that's what we heard was the reason for not getting approval for doing a casino.
5	What an awesome hotel with a great staff and quite laid back atmosphere. The ambiance of this hotel is second to nun. They have a free shuttle service to the Wynn and Caesars Palace witch is great and runs every 15mins. Also, right next to fashion show mall! This hotel doesn't have a casino so you don't have to deal with the loud night life of Vegas and can relax in a 5 star hotel and enjoy life but your steps from or a free shuttle ride away from one. The rooms are very clean, spacious and I would recommend the one bedroom suite. Full kitchen two full bathrooms king bed and pull out sofa. Make sure to book trump if coming to Vegas!
5	More like a 4.5 stars. (5 for room & 4 overall hotel) Stayed this Friday & Saturday night and got it off hotwire secret deal for $138/night. Our friends also booked a room and paid over $200 booking directly through the site. We got a handicap accessible room and we liked our room better. It had more space and flowed better. They had a heavy glass (textured so not see through) door for their main shower and one for the toilet. Also a huge window overlooking the strip by the tub. We had a huge walk thru shower w/seat (can fit several people), no window or glass doors in our main bath. We had a sectional (w/pull out bed) while they had a 2 seater sofa bed. They got 4pm check out and ours at 11am.Pros:- 2 bathrooms (technically 3 showers since there's also a shower in the huge spa tub) -very comfy beds & clean. Hotel lobby also smelled nice- bedroom/main bath is enclosed, and separate kitchen/living/2nd bath so we were able to have people drink/hang in our room while kids slept in the other. -2 big tvs and 1 in bath mirror-TONS of storage space and space in general-full size subzero fridge, microwave, stove, oven, dishwasher - basically more than what we needed for a wknd trip- free shuttle to caesars palace & wynn -not too crowded, non smoking, no casino (good for us w/toddler)Cons:-valet only. Shuttle ends at 12am for cesars and 2am for Wynn on Sat. and 12am other days-The walk to the strip is doable but ee passed dirt, and no sidewalks some parts and darker emptier at night. Maybe better to cut through the mall during the day. We survived w/2 strollers, but rather not do again. -no dining options after 10, and since we arrived at 10:30 and just valeted, and nothing  close by, only option was room service. Room service was good but pricey.($17 pizza, $13 bacon/eggs/hashbrowns etc)  -we didn't have a problem with noise, but you can hear the train nearby so may be a problem w/light sleepers-small poolWe'd stay here again if we can get a rate under $200. We loved our room, but valet only, no late dining options, and a bit further walk w/stroller is a bit of a hassle with us. We also had to wait for another shuttle since had 2 strollers & couldn't fit
4	We had such a great experience at the Trump! For the people who are complaining that there isn't a casino - did you do ANY research on the hotel when you booked the place? Hell, even Hotwire lists that it's a resort, not a casino. We really enjoyed not having to walk through the smokey casinos to get to our room. The Trump was immaculate - so clean and smelled so fresh. The Saturday we opted for a cabana rental which was so cheap. We paid $150 for the entire day and that included an air conditioned cabana with a fridge full of water and sodas, our own daybed outside of the cabana and a waitress. The staff was really good and we always had a drink in hand. It was well worth the price, especially considering just how expensive other cabana rentals are at other hotels. All in all, we think we found a great gem. It's a little off strip, close to the mall and they have a shuttle that can take/pick-up to Wynn and Caesars. I think we will for sure stay here again for the price, the service and the overall experience.
4	Very nice if it is just the 2 of you.The suites do not have more than one bed (the pullout sofa bed does not count).  The pullout bed was the most uncomfortable thing I have ever slept on.  You would think that a place with the name Trump on it would invest in more comfortable sofa beds, especially in a city where more than two people usually share a room.  They do however try to accommodate you by bringing up extra cushioning for the bed but it does not help, you can still feel the metal bars digging in strange places of your body while trying to lay down. Which therefore makes it impossible to fall asleep, unless you're blackout drunk.The rooms however are so nice and the bathrooms are fancy as all get up.  The rooms have kitchenettes (Trump was actually going to make these condo's before turning it into a hotel) and the bathrooms have little TVs.The location of the hotel is right after the Wynn and right before old school vegas starts (i.e.  the sahara, fremont street, stratosphere, etc.). In other words, ONE HELL OF A WALK.There is no casino here which makes this very classy and less noisy.  The elevators are extremely fast which can make you kind of woozy if you are inebriated.PLEASE TRY THE CLUB SANDWICH AT THE POOL CAFE! It is so delicious!!It is one fancy, classy, beautiful hotel.
5	I love the Trump in Vegas. No Casino. I love that! Quick walk to elevators. No Smoke! Half block to the Strip. Free shuttles to either the Wynn or to Ceasers, every 20 minutes! Rooms are amazing with full kitchens. Bathrooms are amazing with seperate WC, jacuzzi tub and seperate luxurious shower. Only bad thing is that the pool closes much too early. It is a beautiful pool deck with huge pool and two whirlpool spas. Keep it open longer! At leat until 10 PM! But no, it is usually closed by 7 PM. Friendly staff. Happy hour isn't much of a discount but you can't expect cheap drinks from the Donald.
5	I've stayed here many times and always get the best service here. But this time was the best one so far. Ethel at the front desk was wonderful. It was around 10 in the morning when my boyfriend and i arrived. I was there for a lighting conference and my boyfriend had just flown in from Rome the night before and we were both really tired. In fact we had about 2 1/2 hours of sleep. I was hoping there were rooms available by the time we got there, but none were. Ethel however was able to convince me to upgrade our room. I normally wouldn't have agreed because of all the expenses i knew we would have next few days, but she was very nice and friendly and even have me tips on a few things here and there, like the rewards program and such that i agreed. I don't regret spending the extra money to upgrade. Our one bedroom suite was amazing (I've stayed in one before but never really got to enjoy it since my friends and i went clubbing a lot), but this time my boyfriend and i took advantage of the room and the amenities the hotel offered.The valet people were very nice and welcoming, they always remembered who i was. Houskeeping, Lilliana, was great. I think she could tell that my boyfriend and i had a bit of OCD, so when we came back after an afternoon out by the pool, we saw all our toiletries lined up like perfect little soldiers.The hotel is not on the strip but isn't far from it. There's no casino, which i prefer and no smoking. It always smells good and the staff is always friendly. I look forward to staying here again.
5	The Trump is a classy hotel. Not only is it in a good area but it is one of the few hotels on the strip that is smoke free and doesn't have a casino inside which could be a good thing or a bad thing. Although the good thing about this is the whole hotel smells like suntan lotion which is a lot better than smelling cigarette smoke! I was offered a great deal with the trump were I had to go to a timeshare meeting so I got a killer deal on a 2 bedroom suite. The rooms are huge! Mine had a king sized bed, pullout sofa bed, living room, kitchen with subzero full sized fridge and freezer, and 2 bathrooms. The master bathroom was enormous and even had double shower heads which I fell in love with and there was also a washer and dryer. The trump also offers shuttle service to the Wynn and Caesars Palace but I found it was just easier to take a taxi since every time I tried to use the shuttle it was a long wait. Overall I highly recommend the Trump! I will be coming back in the future.
5	I live in Las Vegas but if I want to get away from it all I check in to the Trump.  Its elegance, service, location, pool, spa, food and ambiance transports you to a delightful staycation.  You have the Fashion Show Mall across the Street, the Wynn and Encore within walking distance, concierge service, shuttle service, beautiful suites, great room service and a fabulous spa tub in a room with a fridge and hot plate.   There is a train track near so expect some noise and bring your own bubble bath.  On line Trump has specials all the time for discounts at the hotel, spa or upgrades so keep a look out.  No smoke, no slot machines and no bad service.
5	This was my 2nd and my wife's 1st trip to Vegas. I was a little skeptical after reading some mixed reviews. But, we weren't disappointed -A True 5 star experience. As soon as you enter the hotel, you know that it's a beautiful place. Our check-in was very smooth (11 pm). Paul at the front desk offered us a complimentary upgrade. I was delighted to know that we got a one bedroom suite. We loved the strip view. The rooms were clean and beautiful. The bathrooms were nice. The beds were comfortable and the best part was the staff.However, I think they should offer self-park services. I didn't have any issues with the Valet parking, but, sometimes I thought I can use self-park. The TV in the bathroom mirror was great. The LG TVs in the bedroom/family room could use an upgrade.There are no casinos in the hotel, but We are no big gamblers. We really liked the fact that we didn't have to walk through the casino to go to our room.We stayed in room 5926 (59th floor), and I loved the experience.I realize that the hotel is one block off the strip. But, we had a rental car, so we didn't have any issues. Also, the hotel offers a complimentary shuttle to Wynn & Cesears Palace every 15 minutes.overall had a great time, thank you Mr. Trump for such a wonderful experience.
4	Great location and hotel - just not as perfect as previous visitsIf you want beautiful, spacious room in a smoke free hotel in the northern Strip this is the hotel for you.  I LOVE the location - on the strip but not ON the strip.  The Fashion Show mall is right across the street so all the shops/restaurants of the mall along with the Wynn/Encore, Venetian/Palazzo, Ti and Mirage are all a short (mostly) air conditioned walk away.That said...everything was just a little off this time.  I usually visit for a longer than 'normal' stay and in the past when checking in I would get,  'I see you're with us for some time...can I offer you an upgrade' or 'I'm sorry, but we're fully booked over the weekend portion of your stay so this is best room available.'  This time, nothing.  And while the breakfasts are usually uniformly wonderful I had an off breakfast this time - the Eggs Benedict came back hard poached.  And previously when I put the 'housekeeping please' light I've always come back to a cleaned room.  This time I put the light on and left at 9:30 then came back at 3:00...to an unmade room.  At base, nothing horrible...just not the perfection of my previous visits.Lastly, if you are travelling with younger guests, you should note that the hotel is no longer allowed to serve breakfast to people under 21 in their restaurant (because there is a small bar in the back). As an alternative, they have set up a 'to go' breakfast station in the lobby (and of course offer room service).
4	It's a very nice hotel at a affordable price. The rooms are very large, with lots of seating as well as a massive bathroom. The mini kitchen is a great add. It even has a blender! Make sure you buy your own water though because the hotel gives you super tiny bottles. The pool and fitness centre are both quite nice. The shuttle to Caesars was helpful and ran frequently. It ended at 12am though, which made it hard to catch the shuttle after a late show.   Some people complained about rude valet and front desk staff, but I found everyone to be really friendly and helpful. The only downside was the train. I was on the 28th floor and the train was still super loud. But who comes to Vegas to sleep right?! This is a great hotel for anyone who wants to stay somewhere nice, but not pay nice hotel prices.
4	Nice place but lacks a casino if that's your thing. Stayed in the two bedroom suite which is basically a studio and one bedroom with a common foyer connecting the two. They have a small gym which is actually pretty nice even though it's small. Pool is nothing special just a big rectangular pool. Staff has been very friendly and always accommodating. Didn't try the restaurants or room service. One complaint is they only have one kids channel. Kids get bored if they're stuck in the room. Overall it's a very nice place but don't expect all the ambiance of a casino.
4	I enjoyed staying at this hotel. It was clean, rooms were spacious. Hotel does not have a casino and this is exactly what I prefer. No smoke smell permeating the building. Staff were helpful. Just be sure not to attempt to sleep on the sleeper sofa. It was so uncomfortable with springs jabbing into you. Requested a room change and received a room with 2 queen beds, which were very comfortable. Also, mandatory valet. No self parking. The hotel entrance is right across the street from the mall. The location is pretty good, even though it's slightly off strip.
5	My review is more of the 4.5 star variety, but in an effort to be positive on Yelp I am bumping my rating up to five stars!My girlfriend and I stayed at the Trump for two weekend nights in June of 2014. We got a pretty good deal through the Priceline name your price feature but on that same token you don't know what hotel you're going to get when you do that, so when we got the Trump I was unsure what to expect. I did my research and saw the same complaints: far from the strip, no casino and bad parking situation. After my stay, I was again reminded how unreasonable certain people can be when writing reviews on Yelp, because our stay was truly fantastic. I can say without a doubt that the Trump is the nicest hotel I've EVER stayed at -- and I've stayed at the Venetian.From the moment we walked in, we were treated like royalty. Lots of being addressed as "sir" and lots of smiles. We went to the pool on our first day (the pool was nice -- nothing extravagant like Caesar's Palace or the Venetian) and one of the pool employees asked us if we want to sit in the sun or shade and then set up the chairs with our towels tucked in and even gave us advice to show up early the following day, Saturday, because of how busy it can get. On our last night, I got back from Treasure Island, where I went to play poker, at about 2 a.m. I went to the front desk to ask about the late checkout situation since I knew I'd want to sleep in and the desk employee said "the latest I can do without charge is 2 p.m." Wow! Good luck getting that late of checkout for free at any other high-end Vegas hotel. I also asked if I could get another comforter and one was sent up to my room within 10 minutes. It goes without saying the room was amazing -- the bed was super comfortable, the bathroom was amazing in itself (huge shower and bath tub, TV in the mirror) and the kitchenette was cool, though we never really used it, except for the coffee maker (free Starbucks coffee was a very nice touch).As for the complaints:1.) "It's far from everything" Then you know what? If you're looking to roam the strip for hours at a time on a nightly basis then this place probably isn't for you. My girlfriend and I liked the fact it was off-strip because we're over the strip craziness and it made for a relaxing and quiet stay, while the strip was still close enough for us to easily meet up with our friends staying at Caesar's Palace. On that note, the free shuttle to/from Caesar's was nice (we never used the one to the Wynn), and it runs every 10 minutes or so. The one time we used it it was returning from Caesar's (we decided to take a cab there -- about $10 with tip) and we didn't have to wait for the shuttle to get there and it was a quick ride.2.) "But there's no casino!" You're in Vegas -- there are plenty of nearby casinos. Treasure Island was my nearby choice for my one night of gambling, and it was less than a 10-minute drive and under a mile away. I drove, but you could certainly walk or take a cab. Again, it's Vegas...your options are plenty! I personally liked walking in to a hotel that smelled nice and not having to walk through a smokey corridor with degenerate gamblers to get to my room, but maybe that's just me.*Also, the loud freight train some people have complained about never bothered us, but then again we were on the 49th floor...we were also facing the tracks though, so if we were on a lower floor it might have been a problem, because we could definitely hear the horn at times, though it never woke us. Translation: get a higher room!The only reason I'd "downgrade" it half a star is because of the valet only situation. Yes, I knew this after getting assigned the hotel in the Priceline match and, after doing my research, I made sure to have cash on hand at all times for tips. That means that if you plan on taking your car to go out frequently -- and you might have to, given the location -- then be prepared and bring cash. I consider myself a generous tipper and have no problem tipping, especially in a place like Vegas which is so service-oriented. However, having self parking would be a nice option seeing as how pricy doing valet a couple of times a day can be. It almost puts your guests and valet employees in a weird situation, because guests might not always be inclined to tip since they're being "forced" to valet and it's technically part of the resort fee, and in turn the valet employees -- whose livelihood is dependent on those well-deserved tips -- might get upset, and somewhat understandably so. At the end of the day, frequent tipping, even a couple of dollars each time, is MUCH cheaper than taking a cab to/from strip locations. In the three times we picked up the car, I tipped $2, $3 and $4 and never did I feel like I got lesser service because my rental car wasn't fancy or the tip was comprised of singles.In summary, I highly recommend the Trump, but do your research and make sure the particulars of the hotel work for you!
4	Absolutely loved our stay a The Trump..It is NOT on the Strip.. But..it's across a Nordstrom. And that for me is a total Win.It does NOT have a Casino.It does NOT have the gross carpet.It does NOT have the indoor cigarette smell. In fact.. as you walk into the lobby.. you are taken to a world of SPA smelling heaven. Like really. Whatever that is.. I want it at my home.Such a relaxing smell that makes you enjoy your little home away from home awesome.They do have a nicely equipped Gym; and a decent sized pool.It could be a little bit hard to find space to lay in by the pool; but we always get lucky that we find a spot.Loved their pinacoladas. Hated their Chips and Salsa. Like.. awful salsa. Ew.The pool only goes up to like 4ft i think so that's not too cute. But i mean.. i think people use the pool just to look cute and not swim; right?The bed was heavenly... Customer Service is great.They do have a shuttle to the Cesar's Palace and the Wynn I think...Loved the marble flooring in the lobby.Near the Fashion Mall..
4	This is my second time staying at Trump. I like the fact that it has no casino and it's a nonsmoking hotel. A major plus was the courtesy shuttle to and from The Forum Shops at Caesars Palace and Wynn Las Vegas. The hotel is not on the strip, but strip adjacent. It is across Fashion Show Mall. We booked two rooms and it was convenient that they were connected by a small foyer. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was spacious, with a spa tub. You don't even have to go to the pool. There's also a TV in the mirror and a phone next to the toilet. Perhaps it's for someone who runs out of toilet paper?
5	This was my first time staying at this hotel & it will definitely NOT be my last. This place is absolutely amazing!!!! It was our home for 3 nights. There is no self parking just valet which is great cause it's free. The staff is very welcoming & helpful. When u step foot inside, you smell like you're inside a spa. There is no casino inside so u don't smell the smoke. Complimentary bell service. The room was spectacular!!! Definitely a fancy stay. The bathroom was huge. His & hers sinks. Jacuzzi tub. TV in the mirror. Big shower. The bed was super comfy. There's a kitchen. Came equipped with cookware & silverware. Room service was really quick as well. The pool was great as well. Not the usually crowded rowdy group. Ideal for families too. Oh! Complimentary water & Starbucks coffee/tea.
3	I stayed at the Trump International this past weekend. The hotel is very nice and most of the staff was wonderful. Rooms were beautiful everything was clean and fresh. A little further from the strip then I thought it was but they have shuttles and it's an easy walk to get to Wynn or Encore.  So the reason for only 3 stars:  1. No outside food or drink at the pool. Well I can understand the policy, I don't have to like it. For one, last year I stayed at the mirage and they had no issues with this.  Second, one morning I saw two girls with McDonalds cups at the pool while I was at the gym. 2. The dryer in the bathroom didn't go to high.  It was either medium or low. I don't know if that was just mine because luckily one friend brought her own, so I didn't bother to call the front desk about it. 3. This one is kinda scary.  I ordered a drink while at the pool Sunday afternoon.  When I was almost done I notice something sliver in the drink. To my amazement, it was a staple.  I'm still trying to figure out how it would even get in my drink. I didn't see my waitress so I took to the employees passing out towels. They were very apologetic and the girl took my drink to the bar manager.  She came back and told me that they were very sorry and that they were making me a new drink and comping my drink from our bill. She assured me the waitress would be out with my drink soon. I didn't want to make a big fuss because I'm in the travel industry and I know things happen. But i could have been hurt if I accidentally swallowed that staple and, to top it off, it took forever to get the new drink. Seriously, I thought I was pretty nice not making a bigger deal but to take forever to bring me a new one just kind of annoyed me.
4	This is another great hotel that is smoke free & away from casino crowd! Everything in the hotel is Golden!! Which makes you feel like a million bucks ~ if only I have a million dollars! Enjoyed the room & and the room service. Staff are all really friendly and helpful!
4	Overall The Trump is a very nice hotel. They don't have a casino so it's great for us nonsmokers who don't want to walk through a cloud of smoke to get to our rooms.The rooms are very spacious and nicely decorated. The king size beds are very comfortable. I loved the double sinks in the bathroom and the jacuzzi tub. The bathrooms also have a separate shower and toilet.Room service is polite and efficient. And to is guests services; having lost our room key several times, they were very nice about bringing one up or making us a new one.  My one complaint about The Trump is that cell phone reception is nonexistent! There were 6 of us on 2 different floors and all different networks and no one had reception. I don't know how this is possible in 2014. That's the only reason we won't be returning to this hotel.
4	Trump hotel didn't disappoint. We were greeted with kind employees and that continued all week. The room was very nice, clean and spacious. Shower was huge. I dropped 1 star because of the uncomfortable pillows and the train whistle early morning but neither took away from the experience. Pool was nice but get there early for a lounge chair. Did not try the restaurants but did try the muffins and fruit at the coffee stand and they were great. We didn't mind the lack of casino as this led to a much quieter and smoke free lobby. I would surely return.
4	Key advice: Definitely know what you're getting into if you're deciding on staying at here.Keeping this in mind will definitely make your stay a whole lot more pleasant. I mean... maybe people like to complain just for the sake of complaining, I don't know. I know I do sometimes, but really? A little trip planning and some research will tell you that there is no casino and the parking situation is valet only. Personally, at the end of the day, I really enjoyed the fact that we didn't have a casino. After walking through and playing in casinos all day, being able to head right up to the elevators and our room was nice. The complimentary valet was also a nice touch, made our entire stay feel very #fancy.I've gotta say that I loved how every single aspect of this hotel felt very upscale. Um, hellooo.. everything here practically glitters. From the gold facade of the glass windows from the outside of the hotel, to all the gleaming marble errrrthang, and even the sparkly decorations in the lobby--I loved every bit of it. The lobby smells so lovely, all those flowers! So refreshing after smelling cigarettes in casinos all day. I lucked out on priceline and was able to get two of the most basic rooms here for a pretty sweet price. Even for the most standard option available, the rooms here are super spacious, comes with both a huge bed and a pull out couch, equipped with a little living room/seating area, and even a kitchenette! Not that you'd need to do much cooking in the land of cheap buffets, but having the option is definitely nice. I loved that there was even a coffee maker and a nice and cold fridge! There's a whole lot of storage space, and awesome floor to ceiling windows. Loved spending a few moments at the window before knocking out, since we were lucky enough to get a room on a pretty high floor with a gorgeous view of the strip! They really don't skimp on space here, because I think that the Trump's bathroom is one of the largest I've ever been in. In addition to a stand up shower, there's also a huge jacuzzi tub. There's even a TV in the bathroom mirror, so you can entertain yourself while primping to go out! Talk about luxurious. Even though the hotel is a little bit off the strip, this isn't a problem at all. The drive is really less than a minute off the strip, and having no car isn't a problem either. The hotel has frequent shuttles that come and go, jetting off to the Wynn, Venetian, and Caesars. And for shopping lovers, the Fashion Show Mall is literally right across the street. Need I say more?
4	We just returned from our 3 night stay here as a family and loved it:)We really enjoyed the smoke free lobby, the entire staff was so nice! I like the fact that there was no casino in the lobby. It was just a quick walk, shuttle, or taxi over to the Wynn, etc. for that:) we had such a blast in the pool everyday! Wait staff very efficient and always brought by ice water since it was sweltering at the pool. We dined downstairs in the Trump restaurant 2 of the 3 nights during our stay and really liked it, just seemed there was always a new person working and service was not consistent each night. Still good, just not consistent. Morning coffee in the restaurant was just so-so (not strong enough for me, at least:) The beds in room, so cozy and my absolute favorite part of the experience was the fabulous bathroom with TV built into mirror...I had it tuned into the jazz music channel the entire time...very cool! Also had airline flight info for incoming and outgoing flights! Very slick Mr. trump:) But.......the couch pull out bed? It was hard, mediocre and cheap. Felt bad that the kids had to sleep on it. It was a bit dangerous, especially with the metal sides. Just use caution when getting in and out of the thing! Still can't believe that was what was offered in this hotel?The only reason I did not give hotel '5' star rating was because of HOUSEKEEPING service. I could tell she came by, beds re-made, towels replenished, but the amount of dust that lingered, especially near computer desk area was ridiculous. On the second day, a DIRTY DUST RAG was actually left behind by the the housekeeper on the nightstand. I was pretty grossed out by it but understand accidents do happen. I tossed it onto the bathroom floor and it got picked up the next day. I am still amazed at the amount of dust in that room....where was it even coming from? I was also a bit irritated that one of the sinks in the bathroom was slow to drain, but I left a note and it got resolved immediately. I also noticed we were not given a refresh on toiletries the entire time we were there!!! would have been nice to have more of the lotion and shampoo!!All in all, a great place to stay and it was definitely family friendly. The boys were given cute Trump backpacks with coloring books, crayons and sun glasses. Front desk/bell man/concierge all very helpful and professional! I would stay here again!
4	My boyfriend and myself greatly enjoyed our stay over the July 4th weekend. The no smoking policy is fantastic; as someone with terrible allergies to smoke and a true disdain for the smell, this hotel was a breath of fresh air, literally. Rooms are very clean and nicely decorated. The hotel has lovely decor and an upscale feel to it. Service was friendly and accommodating. Staff was respectful and courteous to myself and my boyfriend which at times is rare in Vegas because we are young. Hotel workers always say hello and good morning on elevators and throughout the building. My only complaint would be the cost of additional services such as room service food. Granted room service is intended to be pricey, but this is Las Vegas. Nearby are many more cheaper food options, and I feel the hotel should be more conscious of this fact. The gift shop in the main lobby has more reasonable drink options than the in service menu. All in all a good stay, would recommend.
5	I stayed here with my boyfriend this past weekend (7/4). It was my first time staying at one of the nicer hotels in Vegas. It was a delightful experience. The hotel was extremely clean and smelled great! We got an upgrade as well as a room with a view of the strip. No regrets there! We were able to see the fireworks and the pretty city lights :). Loved the kitchen with the bar, loved the bathrooms, loved the jacuzzi bathtub, but most of all, we loved the bed!!! We usually try to get out and do a lot of things but on one of the days we just slept in and it was wonderful. We didn't spend any time in the living room, which also had a giant tv and a giant L-shaped couch which would've been nice if we had guests to entertain. By the way, they have this tv built into the bathroom mirror over the sink which was cool because I like to watch tv when I go twosies (I swear that's what the tv is there for!) Aside from the awesome room, the shuttle service was great for our day buffet trip to the Bacchanal and there were always taxis waiting. 5/5 experience. We will definitely book here for our next trip!
1	I sent my two employees to class in Las Vegas. I booked one room with two beds for two nights. I called and emphasis it must be two beds because it is for two girls. Later I got two confirmation email which are produced at same time. I thought their system accidentally sent same content twice so I left them alone. When my employees showed up they were told they have two rooms booked and my employees told them we only booked one room and they stayed in one room. One month later I found out Trump charged my credit card for two room for two nights. I called them to argue about it. I was told that even if that was a mistake but I did not catch it and cancel it in time. So they will still charge for two rooms since they were booked.  My point is they do not want to do anything about it and let customer to pay for their mistakes.
4	Beautiful hotel & great rooms w spacious bathrooms double sinks/vanities Trump staff was so helpful & gracious! The only downside was the cell phone service. Due to the concrete and location my AT&T mobile and wifi didn't work properly. I had to put my phone on the windowsill in my room or walk down to the lobby.Other than that, I will definitely stay there again Xoxo
4	I have to say i don't like Donald Trump but this was the cheapest hotel that wasn't too far away from the convention center and the strip but at the same time not right on it. I will go ahead and tell you why i didn't give it a 5 star rating first and then go ahead with everything i loved about it. When i got there (not a busy day) there was a line with a 10-15 minute wait to check in, and the day i left  (a busy day) was even longer. and when i did check in, there were no rooms ready and i had to wait 45 minutes for it to be ready. So I'm not sure what was up with that but it didn't start my stay well. Once i got to my room i was pleasantly surprised at how nice it was for the price of a hotel with no casino. There is a mini but complete kitchen, great views, spacious room all over, and very clean. No i don't eat out often and especially with the prices you pay to eat out in vegas. So i needed to find a grocery store  to stock up on food for the 4 days i was gong to be there. I called down to the concierge desk and i have to say Ricca who was working that day was absolutely amazing!! she went above and beyond to help find me the cheapest and quickest ride to a Trader Joes a couple of miles away. After that experience i was hopeful ;-)I didn't spend a ton of time in the hotel as i was there for a convention but i used their gym every day and it has everything 95% of anyone that works out would need.The pool is very luxurious with servers, a pool side bar with a food menu as well.I did go to the restaurant in the lobby for a drink one night and breakfast the last morning. The bar tenders are very good and make wonderful drinks, their breakfast was delicious and the service is A++Oh and one last note, they have the fastest elevators i have ever been in.
4	A friend had Pricelined a King at $160 this past weekend, and we used it as a crash pad after checking out of our off-strip digs on Sunday. Gotta say, pretty nice! Gaudy as all hell, but it's Trump - what do you expect?The room had sculpted vases and Ansel Adams coffee table books, the toilet has its own frosted-glass enclosure, the ice machine had its own room. Very clean, very updated, and very Vegas. The pool area was awesome - lots of chairs, and a very large pool so you won't be right on top of everyone else. They also have ice water that they pass out for free on super-hot days. My personal fave was the polarized windows along the pool that everyone kept using as a mirror. FYI, there's a gym on the other side, so you'll be adjusting your swimsuit right in front of a dude on an elliptical. :-)At the right price, I'd definitely consider staying here in the future if I'm looking to be on the strip. More classy than I expected, Trump. Nicely done.
5	I loved this hotel, and can't wait to come back! We were in a one bedroom suite on the 41st floor. The room was beyond nice, and the master bathroom could fit an army in it. It's a quick 4 min walk to the strip, or you can cut through the mall (if it's really hot out). I had plans to go to the pool, but we were out and about at the casinos. Yes this hotel does not have a casino, but it makes up for it! Can't wait to go back!! The staff was great!
5	Exceeding my expectations!! From the comped upgrade to a suite, to the incredibly friendly staff (Jazmine at the front desk and Christine at the pool) our stay at the Trump has been the epitome of above and beyond customer service and luxury. I had concerns after reading some reviews, but I have been beyond enthused with my choice.The hotel is not that far from the strip- there is a sidewalk or you can walk through the mall across the street. And by not that far, it's like a 3 min walk. It takes longer to walk through the lobby of Ceasars Palace. The room overlooking the Strip has amazing views- city AND mountain! Mostly though I feel surrounded by friends more than Hotel employees- it's made this trip everything and more!! Thank you Trump Resort!!
5	Room:Amazing service, beautiful view and absolutely worth every penny.  Hotel exceeded my expectations and made for a wonderful trip.  Jetted Tub and marble walk in shower had high water pressure and made for a therapeutic end to walking all day.  Hotel:The initial gaudy theme was a little shocking when walking in, but once we got to the room we were blown away.  Strict no smoking policy just added to the cleanliness and relaxing atmosphere.  No noise, no obnoxious neighbors just a serene visit.  Luxurious, pampering and 5 stars all the way.  Complimentary shuttle to Wynn and Caesars Palace made up for the distance to the strip. POOL:Only downer  was the pool closing early. But the posh chairs and lounge service made up for it.  Servers came lounge chair to lounge chair poolside and handed out complimentary ice cold water.
2	Several factors lead to this review.First, the train noise that starts at or before 5 AM every morning. Not a great way to start the day. Second, there is no self park option. While I appreciate that some people like the convenience of valet, we do not. We often travel with classic/show cars so this would not be a hotel we would utilize for those times.Third, we booked this through priceline and it was a bit misleading as their site lists the hotel as on strip and it clearly is not. The hotel is not really convenient for walking anywhere. You have to either cab it or take the shuttle which only goes to the Wynn or Ceaser's.Fourth, after spending the entire morning roaming the strip we wanted to go back to our room and rest for a while before our dinner reservations later that night. We get back at around 3. The room has not been cleaned yet. We call the front desk and are told it would be at least 4:30 before housekeeping gets there to clean the room but they would be happy to send us clean towels in the mean time.Fifth, I decided to treat myself to a pedicure while my husband was at the pool. Nothing special about it. I could have and have had the same type/quality of pedicure that I get regularly for 1/4 of the price. While this is probably a great hotel if you are traveling with children or for business and want to be away from the strip but close enough for the excitement, it was not a good choice for us. We most likely will not stay here again. I would not rate this among the 5 stars that we have stayed in for past visits. Maybe 3.5 or 4.
5	My friend and I hotwired this place - a Saturday - Tuesday (that's three nights) stay ran $374 TOTAL (including the $25/day resort fee, at least, I think it was $25/day...) We were on the 34th floor facing north. There's a television in the mirror of the bathroom! The room was super posh - King bed, queen pullout (my friend actually opted to sleep on the couch, as a couch. She promised me it wasn't because I smelled funny... Speaking of smells! That spa smell that everyone's talking about? It really exists! It smells really luxurious inside the Trump, for REAL. The dresses I left hanging in the closet smelled so nice after I unpacked them, and even did my sleeping clothes from being in the sheets! A great non-smoking retreat, for sure. Seriously amazing. If you want to smell rich, stay at the Trump! As I wanted a chill day with friends, I reserved a poolside cabana for the day - $150, plus a 20% gratuity. The gratuity was worth it; our server, Brittany, was so nice and attentive, I tipped her extra. The TV was a great way to watch the game, and the food from the H2eau cafe (including two pitchers of frozen cocktails), was a perfect way to spend 7.5 hours. The pool is very much a hangout pool. It's not deep, so you can just stand in it and enjoy your drink. However, as the sun starts to set, the adults go inside to prep for a late night, and it gets inundated with splashy kids. Late checkout? No problem! (Not for us, at least.) It's across the street from Fashion Show Mall, the Nordstrom. You literally just walk across the crosswalk and you're there! For $11, you can get direct shuttle service to the airport, every hour on the hour. There were a few cons, but nothing to detract. The trains do roll through, but they were hardly noticeable for us city folk. If you're from somewhere super quiet, you'd probably get annoyed by this, but then... why are you expecting to sleep in Vegas? The sangria was terrible. Stick with hard liquor cocktails. It's not right on the strip, so be prepared to take cabs. The shuttle service was woefully inadequate. It never seemed to appear on time, and sometimes it was so full you couldn't get on anyways. I would definitely stay again!
4	This review is subject to change. I am here now. Booked for the weekend to celebrate my dads 73rd birthday.  Check in was superb, Christopher at the front desk is so nice and accommodating.  The lobby is spotlessly clean, no smoke at all.  Elevators spotlessly clean.  Room on 33rd floor is nice sized, spotlessly cleaned and well appointed.  Separate shower and jacuzzi tub, dual sinks.  Nice fridge and microwave.  We love the room.   Went to take a shower...NO water.  Called down for service.  Waited 15 minutes and called again.  Got a snotty operator (first one was very nice) who said it would be 10 min. I let her know it has been over 15.  Her snotty self said well then it will be 20 minutes.  Nice.  Bad attitude.  Anyhow, maintenance does come and he is very pleasant.   Sees what's wrong and pulls off the shower head as it is clogged or something.  He replaces the head and it is better.  He says there is clearly an issue and will check it but for now at least we have some water.  NOW my issue is clearly someone cleaned the room before we got here. Clearly the water wasn't working then yet it wasn't addressed.  Now that is annoying.  This should have been handled before we checked in.  Oh well. Room is spotlessly clean and the shower is flowing nicely. All is good. Bed is super comfy, nice soft robes in the closet and lots of towels.  Other than the water in the shower so far so good.  Good ac too as it is 106 here.Update as it needs to be updated. The next day (today Saturday ) TV stops getting a signal. No clear picture or sound. We call and maintenance is here very quickly. Says it is a common issue...power supply wears out. Changes it for us in under a minute.  Very. Nice except he hangs around for several minutes hunting for a tip.  I will not tip for maintenance issues like this. I tipped the front desk $10 on check in, valet $5 every single time I get my car (and there is no self parking here so it is ALL valet) but I am not tipping for a busted tv.  He finally leaves.  TV works. Then this evening we go to dinner at the forum shops and take the free shuttle.  Very convenient and driver 1 super nice ( and he was also tipped). We go to pick it up...huge fiasco at the line and the shuttle driver 2 was unprofessional and unhelpful and to be blunt..rude.  Suffice it to say my group and 4 other groups all had to take cabs. We were livid. We called and asked for the manager. We got heather on the line. Heather was very professional and helpful and resolved the issue as best she could. When you have 5 unrelated and completely separate people all upset about the same thing...you know there is an issue.   So in a nutshell after this novel of a review...3 issues, 3 easy resolutions.  I would stay here again actually as the rooms are wonderful and this place smells delightful. Like flowers all the time.  No smoke, no litter, no dust.  Very clean.  I understand our issues can happen anywhere and the Trump staff was, for the most part, very good at handling them all.  Plus the location which is 100 feet from nordstroms, is AWESOME.  If every hotel had a manager like Heather ( and I hope the Trump execs read these reviews) and front desk like Christopher, then clients would be very happy and would return.  Thanks Heather and Christopher  from the guests in room 3318.
5	My go-to hotel in Vegas. I actually like that there's no casino so there's only that amazing spa-like smell. Don't know what it is but you'll know when you get there! As for the rooms themselves, LOVE the beds, huge jacuzzi tub and kitchenette. Not that I ever cook in Vegas but I like the option of saving the other half of my Earl's sandwich and heating it up in the microwave. Only gripe, where's the Food Network at?! I've also been the Fitness Center and it's even better than the Westin Workout! Like the Westin, they also offer workout clothes if you forget yours (like the Westin). They also have group classes - check the white board. Trump IS at the end of the strip across from the Wynn/Fashion Show but they offer free shuttles to Wynn & Caesar's. They also offer an airport shuttle for $11!
4	I love how there is no casino in this hotel! its great for kids, it doesn't smell like smoke at all... we had a suite.. and their rooms are nice and clean. Full working kitchen, just make sure you bring your own pots and pans.. hehe!!! only bad thing is that if your room is in the back, you can hear the train at 5:30am!!! soo loud...!!!! so try requesting a room that has the view of the strip! they also have a complimentray shuttle bus that goes to wynn and ceasar palace that comes every 15 mins, thats save you money from taking the cab/taxis! great ambiance and great experience!
5	Great staff beautiful property and check out the resturrant DJT you will enjoy it. The concierge at the Trump a very helpful.
5	Loved this hotel. We got an awesome deal off Hotwire for two nights for a spur of the moment trip. Walking into this hotel, the smell is beyond good. Can't explain it but so nice to be in a nonsmoking hotel. The fresh smell was even in our room.Checkin was a breeze even at almost midnight. The checkin person even gave our 3 year old a Trump kids pack that had sunglasses and coloring book with crayons. She loved it and it saved us throughout our trip. Our room was fabulous. Huge bathroom with a gigantic jacuzzi tub. Huge separate shower. Also a TV in mirror of bathroom. We had a great view of the pool and looking south of strip. Bed was comfortable. Since the Trump Hotel is not right on the strip have a shuttle to drop off at Wynn or Caesars. Very easy to do. Though we ended up walking through mall and more specifically Nordstrom's to get back to hotel. Never went to pool as way too hot. Enjoyed the refrigerator and microwave that were in room. Lots of storage. Definitely recommend this hotel.
1	So DISAPPOINTED! I was really looking forward to staying at Trump specifically because of the Trumpkids program as I am traveling with my 7mo baby.  When I booked the reservation I had specifically asked for a full size crib to be set up which I was told will not be a problem.  The rep did not say it is "subject to availability".  When I checked in I was informed "the crib has already been set up in your room".  I was really excited because it was near the baby's nap time.  When I walked in, no crib.  Called housekeeping, and was sent a pack n play with no sheets.  There was no explanation and none of the other kid items were brought over such as shampoo, children's book as described in the program.  Called housekeeping was transferred to concierge who than had a mgr called me.  I was told "a crib is subject to availability" and everything will be taken care of.  So we decided to take a swim first. When we returned, there is now baby shampoo but still no bedding or anything else! I am starting to get upset so decided to go downstairs to speak to a mgr.  After explaining to Jerry the situation he said "you are correct, it should've been done right the first time and I'll personally see to the situation and give you a call".  Went to dinner and back, there is now some sheet in the pack n play AND A BOTTLE OF INDUSTRIAL CLEANER INSIDE".  This is a five star hotel! I was expecting things to be done right UPON ARRIVAL and when item requested are not available I expect to receive an explanation! No call from Jerry to say "no crib was available" as well!! Now it's near 4am and I can't sleep because I have no choice but to share the bed with my infant which is unsafe! Had I known this I would've brought my own pack n play with my own sheets that's made for it!!
5	What a beautiful hotel. It's just a bit off the strip (walking distance). It's directly across the street from the mall. Upon walking in, it smells beautiful. The whole place smells delicious. The smell is like a spa/fresh flowers. The hotel is quiet and has no casino so there wasn't any smoke stink. The suite was clean and even has a little stove and refrigerator. The pillows and comforter was down. There was a television in the bathroom and a hot tub. The pool was beautiful with lots of shade and opportunities to tan. It wasn't over crowded and had a DJ playing great music. The cabana was clean and beautiful. It had AC, a TV and mini fridge. The service at the pool was phenomenal. The food was delicious as well. The pool had a really shallow part for families with young children.  They have a shuttle that takes you to any hotel you want every 15 minutes. We were so close to the mall and we were  able to get out make up done at MAC before we went out. It was a awesome. I would LOVE to come back here.
4	Have stayed here twice annually for 4 years for 4-5 day business events. Love the hotel. The rooms are wonderfully detailed and decorated. The jacuzzi tub is great after a long day standing on a concrete showroom floor in a trade show! The in room dining has many good options. Both healthy and decadent. The service is impeccable from the front desk, to the bar, to the maid service. Because I'm in LV for business, I need a good night's sleep. This hotel is smoke free and no casino so I don't have to hear partiers yelling down the hallways at 4AM. Instead, I enjoy a large room with a fridge, stove top, kitchen sink, wall of cabinets and closets and glass shelves with nice art pieces. A little living room, large king bed and an enormous bathroom with dual sinks, shower, separate tub, separate loo area with door.Summary: epic service, amenities (restaurants, pool, spa, fitness center, bars), LV views and across the after from an incredible shopping mall with a little grocery/liquor store in it.
1	i made a reservation for this hotel for november through expedia with a "pay at check in option". i then noted, on my canadian credit card, that I had been charged for a portion of the hotel stay! I contacted expedia to find out why I got charged, and they were not sure as to why that would have occurred. I was extremely disappointed with this action occurring and decided to book at another hotel as I felt deceived by the "pay at check in option". With cancelling my reservation, I did receive a refund from Trump, but it was less than what I was charged leaving ME out of money! I contacted Trump to find out why and they said there was nothing i could do as they always charge for one night and if that was not clear on expedia, that was not their problem. As well, they explained the difference in funds may be due to the exchange rate. They were not willing to refund me the difference from the charge and felt that it was ultimately my issue with booking with them and using a canadian credit card. I am so disappointed with this situation and how an international traveller would be treated and the lack of accountability taken by Trump hotels in the matter of having payment options listed on on expedia and what they actually do in reality. Will I ever stay there? Unlikely as they are not customer focused, even for those guests who may become regular Trump hotel clients.
5	I have stayed at this hotel a few times over the last couple of years. This hotel offers a smoking free environment which is rare for Las Vegas. The restaurant offers good quality dining. The bar has live music on the weekends. There is no casino attached to the hotel. So it is nice and quiet. There is a gym on the second floor. Also on the second floor is a pool and patio dining. I always look forward to my next stay.
4	Good hotel had a room on the west side but the Union Pacific blew their horn a few times every night. Tv  in the bathroom mirror tub fits two people. Have to call housekeeping for cooking supplies. Tv kept freezing which I was no good.  It was an ok stay. I would give it 5stars but the train messed that up. Pool was good gym also.
2	Very clean hotel.jacuzzi is very huge,shower and bathroom are huge and clean.view was nice although it was the back of the hotel.lobby was nice and valet was great.now the bad.tv kept freezing every few hours for several minutes at a time.we were on the 55th floor and heard the train EVERY night all thruout the night loud and clearly.im a freight train engineer for u.p. and thats the last thing i want waking me up away from work,so that makes 6 nights of broken sleep all night,never good.i would not stay here again as we all know in vegas most people are in their hotel only to sleep.
3	Beautiful interior, doesn't smell like smoke at all because there are no casinos at the lobby and the spa bathtub was just epic! But still, there are a lot of reasons why it only deserves a three star rating from me. For a five-star hotel you would expect to have all the amenities in the hotel room, however, that is simply not the case. The hotel requires you to call in a request for all amenities such as utensils, cups, toiletries and they didn't even have a pen in the room.  I understand that they probably do this because they want you to tip the staff every time they deliver an amenity, but when you're booking a five-star hotel you would expect everything to be provided for you. Also I didn't like the elevator arrangements because if you booked two different rooms and one room happens to be on a different level than the other, there's a huge likelihood that you won't be able to take the same elevator to the other room, but instead you would actually have to go all the way to the lobby or to the ice room or to the pool in order to switch elevators. I booked a room on the 49th floor but my friend stayed on the 56 floor, when I asked a staff member which elevator was the most convenient way to get to my friend's room, the staff member had no idea. Also there's only one restaurant (not open 24 hours) so if you wanted to order food you have to order from room service ($27 for a regular burger--the Trump burger...which wasn't even cooked right). That being said I probably wouldn't stay here again because it is really inconvenient and if I wanted an epic bathtub I would probably go try out Cesar's palace next time.
5	Spent 2 nights at the Trump hotel Las Vegas, one of our favorite hotels if not the favorite. Love that there is no smoking and no casino. The hotel is located right across from the Fashion Show mall another plus. Everything is so clean and smells wonderful. The rooms have coffee makers something most Vegas hotels do not have and is important to hubby first thing in the morning. Having a microwave, fridge, and cooktop is nice to. The bathrooms are very luxurious with a TV in the mirror, love watching the news while getting ready to greet the world. The shower is beautiful and huge and there is a separate jacuzzi tub also huge. The staff is genuinely caring. Oh and the fitness center is kept very clean, has what you need and the pool area is nice to, we enjoyed using those facilities too. There is mandatory valet parking, so make sure you get everything you need from the car!
5	I'm going to keep this simple review about Trump hotel. One of the best hotel I have ever stay at. Their customer service is excellent.  The entire staff is wonderful. Our room 6400 two bedrooms 2 1/2 bath penthouse suite is outstanding . A perfect view of the entire strip. The room is literally under the letter "R".Their room are kept in excellent condition, and doesn't smell like smoke at all maybe because there is no smoking in the hotel at all. The master bathroom amazing, their king size bed is very comfortable,and great full kitchen,also a huge living room with one of the most comfortable couch ever. Highly recommended.Note they have a courtesy shuttle to the Wynn and Caesar Palace.
3	I have stayed in 5 star properties around the world, and The TRUMP in Las Vegas is NOT 5 stars.PROS: Quick check in and fast elevators to 37th floor.      Excellent light lunch in lobby restaurant.Paid $93+ fees and upcharges for a "5 Star" Hotel...read onCONS: 1.)$25.00 "service" charge PER NIGHT for double beds.      2.)One waste basket next to tub, none in the room.      3.)Cell reception was non-existent in room thus lobby calls for any contact.       4.) I left some items in the Valet parked car, when I asked valet to bring the car around ( literally 10 minutes after parking at 2:45 in the afternoon ) they said I can WALK WITH THEM TO MY PARKED CAR TO GET MY ITEMS. I did go with them and called the MOD(manager on duty) to voice my displeasure later that day. He defended the action until I stated.."IF I WAS D. TRUMP WOULD YOU HAVE HAD ME GO TO MY CAR???" GOOD POINT was his response...We have nicknamed the property "DUMP"5.) Pool closes at 8:00 pm( WHAT???...This is Las Vegas not senior retirement center.6.) Waste baskets were full and rarely clean.7.) TV in bathroom mirror had HBO but large HDTV in room didn't..weird.8.)$25.00 per day , per room.."resort fee" covers wifi..Motel 6 has FREE WIFI and coffee.9.) $5.00 coffee in lobby ..should be FREE.Go to Wynn, Bellagio, Encore or Four Seasons to truly experience a 5 star hotel. TRUMP aka DUMP is a joke.
5	The hotel was beautiful, I was getting married at the quad and my parents booked us the room at the trump, they upgraded the room at no charge because we were getting married and we also received a complimentary bottle of wine. When I first walked in the staff was so friendly and answered every question I had. I also brought my dog with me and he received some free things as well. We walk our dog three times a day, and they have a convenient places to walk him outside. When we were settled in we took the free shuttle to ceasers palace and walked up and down the strip. They also have a shuttle that goes to the wynn, and they both pick up and take you to those two hotels, which is nice so you don't have to pay for a taxi. The room was incredible! I was having my pre-wedding pictures done of me getting ready in the bathroom so my concern for the room we got was the bathroom and they exceeded my standards! I was so impressed with how beautiful the bathroom looked! This hotel was amazing and so was everybody that worked there!!!
5	Trump- my 2nd time stay! Really likes the hotel during first time visit, had a chance to get offer for an upgrade to their corner suite! The hotel suite was Hugeeeeeee! Everything clean and nice, has little kitchen area, bedroom and the bathroom is bigger than the bedroom..with city view next to the bathtub!
3	Luxurious but disorganized.We paid for a room that was unavailable when we arrived.  They upgraded us to a huge, beautiful suite.Only one bed so they promised to bring a "roll-in".  Despite reminding them, the bed never arrived and my daughter had to sleep on the sofa.The room service meal was excellent but they failed to return to remove the mess and numerous accessories, despite calling them twice.The in-room telephone is overly complicated and you need to be an engineer to figure it out.The elevators are confusing,  some buttons work on the right elevator bank, others only on the left side.I'd give them only one star except  that the place is so damn beautiful  and the food is great.--Daddy Maxx Retro
3	Super overrated. I'll tell you what was nice and then I'll tell you the rest. Nice: 1) good express deal on Priceline2) tv in restroom mirror3) jacuzzi tub4) shuttle to hotels that are actually on the strip5) complimentary valet, water, and wifiThe rest:1) room had cereal in the bed first night2) daily "resort fee" makes up for the express deal 3) they charge for towels4) salon/spa hella expensive for mediocre service. Got my nails done and a week later, they're cutting my sheets.5) those complimentary items and shuttle are part of that "resort fee". Complimentary no longer means free apparently. For this to be the all exclusive expensive Trump experience, meh. I've had better at a Holiday Inn Express, lol. When I go back, I'll prob stay at the Wynn. Spent more of my time there anyway.
5	My gf made reservations for us off of Priceline and yup we ended up at the trump. I refuse to stay anywhere in Las Vegas other than a 4-5 star with a casino but I must say I have done the west gate which is now the hilton grand vacation, I have stayed at the palms villas and yes the trump is pretty good peeps. The property is almost as if on strip, it's literally half a block off the strip, property is well kept and extremely clean and upscale. Restaurant and bar were great, the front desk staff were 5 star, bell desk and valet prolly one of best service overall. The rooms are great, well kept and clean, nice floor plans, I got a one bedroom suite upgrade for 50 a night. The pool was great and service poolside was just your usual vegas style, nothing more or less. One negative about my stay, bad phone reception.
4	I will say that we did enjoy our stay.  For what we were looking for it was great.For the five stars from other websites this hotel should have been much better.  It's a little out of the way when it comes to its surroundings.  The rooms are nice but not quite "finished" or outfitted, the amenities are either outdated or not useful.  For example, we were in a nice suite with a full kitchen but completely empty of anything useful like glasses or utensils.  We could have requested this but didn't.  One phone didn't work and there were no listings of phone extensions such as for the concierge or room service.  The televisions were a bit dated too.  The views were amazing and the whirlpool bath was fantastic but the decor was very plain.  It just didn't quite measure up to a five star hotel.  The pool was super crowded, little to no shade and filled with very very super loud techno music with lots of the hipster crowd showing off.  There is no way I'd ever use the pool area, this alone was enough to make the hotel experience a bad one.  The service was very good and the staff was friendly and helpful where they could be.  I have no complaints with the service from the staff.  Room service pricing was very reasonable too.  Parking is a pain, don't plan on easily coming and going.
1	Cons:You hear the train every morning!!!!Bathroom Door literally was stuck had to forcefully pull to openHousekeeping was not clean (dust under tables)Ice room was not cleaned for the 2 days I was thereRefrigerator not coldRoom service took 1 hour!Maintenance never came, called twicePros:SpaciousNear Wynn/EncoreShuttles
1	Not bad as a hotel to stay in away from the casinos. But HORRENDOUS to host an event here. The different teams of banquet, catering, marketing, sales and finance do not talk to each other at all, and for an event this is a NO Go. we learnt it the hard way - so beware!Was planning a reunion event by working with several hotels. Trump was the worst in terms of responses and locking up, but the prices were competitive, so we went ahead. . Then came the bigger nightmare of absolute unprofessionalism.Post event - they first didnt provide have an invoice, but charged for an amount 2 days after the event. Which we found was in the ballpark of previous agreement so it was okay.A month later a bigger invoice was charged to another credit card . Most (80%) of the expenses were double charged and they charged us for things from a different event (that had nothing do with us). Best part - finance had no clue we were charged before and they wont respond to us for weeks - but havent taken the charge back! Not a recognition of the mistake, no apology and more importantly no refund or resolutionI Asked to escalate, tried to reach out on twitter to get a resolution - NOTHING! Charges on my card remain and now am taking the credit card to dispute the transaction. All this pain for a event in vegas?? Sheesh!So here you go - this is a well deserved HORRIBLE rating for event-hosting. Give trump a skip.The issue is still not resolved. I would gladly like to have a conversation with the GM to talk about not just this issue, but some serious operational issues with this establishment. Tried reaching them on LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter - nothing whatsoever.
5	I've been to Las Vegas numerous times, each time staying at a different hotel because I was never fully satisfied with any of these hotels.  This past weeks I stayed at the Trump Hotel. I need not look for another hotel to stay at in Vegas again.  First off, it's just a hotel; no casino. Yeah. Second, it's a non smoking hotel. Yeah. When you enter the hotel, it smells fresh and clean.  It's bright and very elegant in the front.  You don't have to walk a long distance to get the the registration desk.The hotel has a free shuttle that runs all day and night to the Wynn and to the Caesar Fourm Shops every 15 minutes.The rooms are immaculate and large. The bathrooms are large as well. They have an inset bathtub with jacuzzi jets.  Also, the large bathroom mirror has a tv inset into it.  Unique and cool.The staff was friendly and helpful.Bottom line is that this is the best hotel I've ever stayed at in Las Vegas.  All of my future stays will be at the Trump.
3	Booked for 179 a night on hotewire, which was nice for a hotel that was just off the strip.  Resort fee made up for the difference between this and a hotel that was on the strip, so that was a lost cause.  Free valet (just like every other hotel).  The rooms were large and clean, the bathrooms had a TV in the mirror, a Jacuzzi tub, and separate toilet/shower areas.  The bed was comfy, there was a mini-keurig, and the air-conditioner worked (after returning from a trip across Europe, a large room cool room was welcomed).  The stairwell was lonely and the stairs felt flimsy (thin ironwork, paint on wall not finished). The pool area was nice, the jacuzzi in the corner was awesome (glad that it was hidden from plain view), and the drinks were reasonably priced.  Yes everyone at the pool was in shape, yes the music was too loud, but it was still a very nice pool area, and we didn't seem to mind.  I really can't find anything I did not like about the hotel itself.  The location, yes, about a 5 minute walk from the strip, and the sidewalk disappears if you walk on the north side of Fashion drive. The shuttle runs until 2 Am but only goes to Caesars or Wynn; we took a cab as it was faster and we could go wherever.  Did not try their overpriced restaurant, and did not get to even sit at the bar (which closed at 12 midnight on Saturday night, fail).  Would recommend this hotel if it sat in downtown San Diego or Los Angeles, but in Vegas, you want to stay on the strip, go downstairs to gamble and drink no matter what time it is, and enjoy the view(s).  Will be staying on the strip the next time.
2	I got this this Hotel from Hotwire. It's my first time in Vegas so it's kinda hard to decide where to stay. So bf and I decided to use hotwire that way we will be surprised as to what hotel we're gonna get. I've been to a lot of nice hotels. But my first time experience of hotel in Vegas weren't as nice as the rest of my vacations just because it's from hotwire they wont consider my 4pm late check out although they give me a 1pm check out since we checked in at 11pm. I was happy coz of the good reviews from YELP, some even got an upgrade so I signed up for their membership/rewards card thinking I will come back and stay at the Trump next month. But yeah they can't consider the 4pm late check out. Well Hello! it's Vegas and nightlife is what it is. Had to rush myself for check out the next day and left my souvenir in the room. Gladly we we're still having lunch in the area and we're able swing by the hotel to retrieve it from reception. Rooms are really nice, clean and odor and smoke-free. Noisy train passing by though! I didn't give it a 10 because toiletries are incomplete. At the poolside you will have to get up your lounge chair to order and wait at the H2Eau bar for your drinks since no server goes around that time. No help or assistance for assembling the umbrella. Me and two other guests had to do it ourselves and it's not easy.. A bit off the Strip. 25$ Resort fee.
3	We booked through Travelocity Top Secret Deals, therefore we didn't know what hotel we had gotten until after paying. I selected a 5 star, pet friendly hotel. The room had a nice view and was roomie. the bathroom is very spacey as well.$200 non refundable deposit for the pet fee per stay which was charged twice on my final invoice. I had to call them to get it fixed.The toilet is within the larger bathroom and has its own glass door. It had a funky smell, kind of the smell you get from the low water consumption urinals from Wal-Mart, etc.The staff was friendly but not as top notch as other hotels within the segment. The decorations are a bit outdated. The carpet in our room looked old and had various small stains. The massive, nice window was poorly cleaned and was streaky.The Wi-Fi didn't work through out our 2 night stay. Resort fee is $25 and was told included "free Wi-Fi and Coffee."It is a smoke free hotel so that's nice.It was NOT a bad experience but I will not return to this hotel. At least not by choice. Vdara is a much better choice in my opinion.
3	This is very elegant hotel but a little out dated.  Spacious and comfortable rooms and bathrooms nice Jacuzzi tubs and great costomer service.   The Wi-Fi is atrocious and a pain to stay connected as someone who trys to unplug but doesn't have the choice to be completely disconnected it was a constant struggle to keep the device's on the hotel network to manage few emails.   The tv and cable was on par with a holiday inn, and for what ever reason the hotel bar closes at 11pm.  Being vegas one whould think the hotel whould have bar open a little later.  I personally prefer the cosmopolitan.
4	We stayed at the Trump late last year.  The entire property is immaculate, smoke-free, and far away from the standard Vegas scene, if that's what you're looking for.  The downstairs restaurant and lounge were very memorable, and every room is a suite.  We were able to fit in a few games of pool on their tables near the lobby.Only problem is the location.  It's quite a walk to the trip, so cabbing it is a must.  The complimentary shuttles are always packed, but it's an option.  Also, there's no downstairs casino, so if you get the urge to play late at night, you're quickly discouraged by the lack of proximity to a machine or table.
4	This is my first time staying here and I love it! Even though trump doesn't have casino in here I still love it! U can actually walk to everywhere from here and after a long time out there u will feel very quiet and comfortable when u come back to ur suite... And also I love the smell of this hotel.. U can smell the flower everywhere and each room is clean and modern!! Strongly recommend.
4	This is a nice hotel. The room has small kitchenette with stove microwave toaster and Keurig coffee maker. The K coffee cups were included which is nice. Huge tub in bathroom and nice separate shower. Pool is elegantNegatives would be very poor (awful) wifi internet connectivity (free, but really so bad it was non existent) and a restaurant with not much of selection on the menu. My AT&T reception was very spotty to make internet connectivity even worse. It's just right across the street from the mall with Newman Marcus entrance. Walking distance to the Wyn and Encore for a casino. The entire hotel is no smoking, and I found NOT having a casino a plus.
5	Absolutely Beautiful hotel! I loved staying here. The bed was so pillowy soft, I didnt want to get out of it to go have fun in Vegas. I just wanted to sleep all day. Everything was nice and clean and just great. I think I will stay here every time I go to Vegas. I just loved it! It's not on the strip, but its not far from the stip either. Directly across the street from a mall with great stores. Just loved it!
3	Love the hotel and beautiful rooms with views.  Hate the constant rap music at the pool that invades every room within several floors above the pool.  And then there is the middle of night blasting freight train whistle from UP.  Doesn't the Donald have some pull with those guys??  He could probably tip them to forget the whistle blow through the neighborhood.
4	The price was right and the suite was amazing. If you want true 5 star i am not sure las vegas even offers it.... Just keep that in mind. Someone posted disappointment that the service was not 5 star and they were actually correct, but the people are nice and helpful, so that has its own value coupled with the views, etc.
5	My friends and I really enjoyed our experience at Trump. I have always stayed at one of the hotels on the main part of the Strip, so at first I was a little wary of staying on the edge at Trump. I am SO glad that we did, though. Because Trump doesn't have a casino and is nonsmoking, the experience was just way more relaxed - and we were still able to go to other hotels for restaurants and clubs! The staff at Trump is excellent and everyone we interacted with was super professional, courteous and just plain friendly. The rooms are large and clean, and I absolutely adore the deep tubs in the bathrooms. We spent Saturday by the pool and reserved a cabana, something I highly recommend doing. The pool is low key but the music is great, and Sebastian (the person helping us) was the best! My only complaint is that the cabanas are poorly designed - the AC is positioned in such a way that it actually sends cold air OUT of the cabana instead of into it...weird. We also ate a lot of food at Trump, both in the restaurant area downstairs and through room service. Room service was AMAZING (get the onion rings!) - I highly recommend ordering in after a long night, they serve 24 hrs. The breakfast downstairs was stellar too - I loved the crab cake eggs benny. Overall this was just a great experience and I will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas!
5	We love this hotel.  In our view the only place to be in Vegas.  Totally non smoking and no casino.  Jacuzzi in the rooms/suites.  No shopping mall in the hotel,  It is ALL good!  Only downside, no espresso machine in the H2O Bar beside the pool.
4	We really love the Trump hotel as it's less hectic than many other hotels on the strip.  The staff is very friendly.  The gentleman that checked us in (Christopher D.) was amazing and set the tone for this stay. Drawback - the really crappy corkscrews they provide.  It broke off in a very nice bottle of wine and when I called to seeing I could get an asho or waiters corkscrew I was told that their normal corkscrews break off all the time and after 30 minutes no one ever showed up with a new corkscrew.  Just called to cancel it and went out instead.
3	Stayed here for a few days in September.  The good...it does not have a casino, so it is not nearly as crowed and busy as the other places in Vegas.  When you walk into the Trump you can smell the amazing aromas of well, bamboo, others are calling it flowers because they can see all of the pretty huge flowers in the lobby.  However, if you go into the Trump gift center they sell the scent sticks that they use to scent the lobby.The elevators are super fast, and everything is clean.  One weird part about the room is that you have to go thru one super heavy door in the hallway, then they have two separate rooms from this tiny room.  So your door is right next to another door.  So when you are sleeping it is easy to be awakened by your next door neighbor.  The rooms are really nice and big, the beds are not the most comfortable but okay.  The rooms come with kitchenettes but no plates, or cups, or silverware, you can boil some water, and put it into a disposable cup that is it.  The bathrooms are nice, they have big jacuzzi tubs, big showers and a tv in the mirror.There is a train that runs by at like 3 something in the morning, you can definitely hear it.  I had earphones in a few nights.Our first morning housekeeping, which was nice,  was there at 8:25 am, weird.  We kept running into them as they would come to our room at different times thru the stay.The pool area was nice, it looked like it could have been vacuumed tho.  The chairs around the pool are comfy but are all stained and look worn.  They have round beds next to the pool which nobody uses and they charge extra to lay on one of those.  Also the pool area is really windy, even though it is hot the wind was a bit much.  The pool staff was nice and always checked to make sure you did not need anything.The hotel is a bit off of the strip and is a pain in the foot to get back in forth between them and society.  The Trump shuttle is lame, I think they only have one shuttle bus, so you could be waiting for upwards of 30 minutes for it to pick you up from Caesars.  When it is over 100 degrees, waiting for that long just doesn't make sense, so you end up buying a lot of taxis.  The taxis charge you an extra $3 or $4 to use your CC.Overall, there were some inconveniences about this hotel, I do not plan on making any return trip to Vegas anytime soon, but considering the cleanliness of the Trump I would probably stay there again over a cigarette smelling casino hotel.
5	Great hotel, wonderful service. The hotel is casino/smoke-free so it smells AMAZING, like a spa. It was our anniversary so we were able to negotiate an upgrade. They were running a special at the time so we got an awesome room for a great price (Thank you Priceline and Trump staff!) Our room was on the 32nd floor and we had amazing views all around. We stayed in a one room suite, so we had floor to ceiling windows and huge rooms to lounge in. The bathroom was really clean with a huge shower and soaking tub. Awesome kitchen, with a Wolf stove and full refrigerator/freezer and a breakfast bar. If the location deters you, they have a free shuttle that runs every 15 minutes. Also, we were right across from the Fashion Place Mall, so we were able to run to the ABC store in the mall and get some decently priced snacks. Overall, this was a very friendly, upscale hotel, good for families or anyone really looking for a clean, quiet, retreat from the Strip.
4	Just got home from a four night stay at the Trump.  Got a great deal on Priceline for a five star hotel.  Loved that it was no smoking and no casino.  It was quieter and nice to get away from the smoke and hustle and bustle.  A little far from the strip but cutting though the mall was easy and fast if you walked to the Wynn or TI.  All of the employees we interacted with were very friendly, helpful and nice.  The resort fee was an added charge, but not a huge shock at $25 per day.  Nice that it included free bottled waters and wifi.  I'm sure there were other things included in the resort fee that we didn't use. Taxis sure added up, so be prepared for that sticker shock.  We kept wondering where all of our money was going --- the taxis were a big expense.  Overall a great experience and I would definitely stay here again.
3	It's all right.The good:  Big rooms.  Friendly service.  Clean.The not so good:  Signs advertised a Happy Hour at the DJT (lobby floor restaurant); staff confirmed Happy Hour 5-7PM (1/2-priced drinks and some food); but, when we arrived at the DJT around 530PM in September, we were told that the Happy Hour was discontinued as of March.  Huh?Pool service -- sorry Sebastian -- was terrible; had to request our glasses of wine multiple times (same thing happened at the Peppermill).Only two restaurants in the entire place, and one closes at around 530 daily.Not a destination place, despite being sort of off the Strip.But good for kids (safe and secure).Anyway, not as tacky as I imagined a Donald Trump place to be.
4	This was my first time staying at the Trump Hotel. Overall nice hotel, but not suited for Pros:-no smoking in lobby and rooms - great for people who are allergic to the smoke-rooms and bathrooms are of a nice size, especially if you're sharing the room with multiple people-while the pool itself is small, it's enough for the number of guests who are lounging around. You can always find a chair and spot in the pool without too much trouble. It's also a low key atmosphere for those who just want to relax and read a book. Waiters seem to come around frequently to serve people at the pool.-There's a mini kitchenette - but you have to ask for utensils and cooking materialsCons:-slightly off the strip which requires either a taxi or short walk to the wynn. -while the hotel is nice, it's comparable to your average business hotel you would find in any other city. If you're looking for a "Vegas themed" type of hotel, this resort is not for you. -no casino, so you'll have to walk to the strip for night lifeSummary: Good place just to stay for a quite non-smoking room. I'd recommend this hotel to people for whom it is not their first trip to Vegas since it's not quite the "one-stop shop" for shopping, night life, and food.
4	I like the fact that there is no casinos in the hotel which gives you a break and I also like that they have a shuttle that picks you up and drops you off in the strip.  We had a suite the bed was super comfortable and a nice view but it did get noisy at times.
4	Loved this hotel. Very classy and clean. The customer service was excellent. Room service was prompt, front desk staff was friendly and efficient and the security was very gracious when I set the smoke alarm off by burning toast.Only complaint I have was that the Wi-Fi was pretty terrible.
5	I've stayed here a few times and this hotel is really amazing.  Everything is clean, updated, and really 5 start quality!   I love the fact that there is NO casino and that it is right across the street from fashion Show mall.  If you do want to gamble, the Wynn is a 7 minute walk and you can get your jollys there. Overall, very classy establishment! Great service as well!  Also, they provide FREE bottled water, coffee, and tea in your room!
4	I loved this hotel... Away from all the crowds, very classy, the rooms are amazing, the staff was very friendly. The free shuttles to wynn and ceasars a plus, would stay allways here... Love the fact that it doesnt have a cassino. I did not like the high prices on the convenient store at the lobby... They sell the same shampoo you have in your room, just a little bigger at 18 bucks... And a cough medicine at $50... Not cool... Otherwise perfect
2	Internet is the worst.  On the 3rd day of our 3 day stay i figured out the only way to get a decent wi fi signal on fl 26 is in the master bathroom.  TV's are unwatchable.   The hotel has some off beat satellite system which doesn't work.  I personally spoke to one of the hotel managers and she acted like she had not heard too many complaints on these issues.  She mentioned something about the gold finish of the building affecting the wi fi signal.  Sorry Trump.  I like your tv show but your las vegas hotel timeshare project is not up to the Trump standard.
4	The Trump hotel is one of few non-smoking hotels on or near the Vegas strip. It's geared towards business travelers, so during our stay the majority of the crowd was a bit more mature. Not that we're complaining though, as it was nice not to hear the ongoing 'Woos!' and 'Yeahs!' i'm used to hearing in other hotels.Both the hotel itself and the rooms were very spacious and well appointed - I think it's definitely worthy of the 5 star designation at a very reasonable price. The pool wasn't crowded at all and the gym was pretty stacked for a hotel gym.This hotel doesn't have a casino and dining options are very limited - although directly across the street is the fashion show mall which has plenty of food options.There's also a free shuttle to/from the Wynn and Caesars since it is on the far end of the strip.The only downside, as I read in other reviewers, but chose to ignore regrettably, is the sound of the horn of a freight train that passes alongside the hotel every night. This only affects certain rooms with a 'City View', as we had friends also stay in a 'City View' room but they specifically asked for a 'quiet room' and they couldn't hear it. I looked out the window and the train tracks are pretty much across the street from the hotel. How bad was it? I got woken up once a night by the horn.Would we stay here again? Definitely, considering it was much cheaper than the Vdara. However, next time we would likely stay in a room with a 'Strip View', or ask for a 'quiet room'.
4	The trump is a casino less and non smoking hotel (which isn't a bad thing).Check in was ok, I didn't like the fact they kept on trying to upsale me.It is a high end 5 star hotel .I got a suite on the 50th floor facing the strip .It was a living room + bedroom suite.Nicely designed and equipped with a Kitchenette. It's a short walking from the Wynn (if you wish to play)The things that I wasn't happy about were the big glass doors to the restroom and the shower that slams every time you close it, that I was actually afraid they will break.The train does pass by once in a while and it is quite loud. I actually woke up at 2:00 am to the sound of its horn.I had breakfast in the dining room , the food and service was good.
5	We truly enjoyed our stay at the Trump. We booked on a weekend where most of the rates on the strip were $200 or more and this was one of the hotels with a rate lower than $200. I read so many reviews and did research before finally deciding on this hotel ...and thank goodness I picked this one. We arrived at the hotel pretty late. There's only valet, but they have shuttles to the WYNN and CAESARS PALACE (which my bf &I took fully advantage of) and the checkin was easy and the staff was really nice. There is no casino, so it was nice walking in without being greeted with the strong smell of tobacco. When you get on your floor and find your room, there will be one big door for 2 rooms. It's sorta like a little foyer before you enter your room. I can say you get a lot for your room than most of the hotels on the strip. We got the deluxe king bed (floor 37) and it was super nice. We had a little kitchen (sink, fridge, microwave, stove) in the room, but no utensils (which wasn't a big deal, just buy some utensils at a nearby walgreens or something). In the same room, there was a little sitting area with a couch, coffee table .... and then the big king bed which had the most comfortable pillows. The bathroom is super nice with a bathtub (w/ a jet) that can fit 2 ppl, a two sink, a separate shower, and separate toilet with a phone inside. There's also a hair dryer and a makeup mirror for the girls. Plenty of towels in the bathroom so that was nice. Also they have a light system if you want housekeeping or not, without using the usual door handle paper. That was pretty cool. lol The wifi was pretty fast in our room despite the reviews I read from other ppl. Of course you get that from the resort fee you pay. Sadly we didn't take advantage of the fitness center or pool, but the room was more than enough for a good review. Many ppl complained about the train sound. For us our room was more towards the mall side, but you can hear the train. Yet it's not that loud for it to be an inconvenience (unless your room was on the other side). The shuttle services at the Trump was pretty good. You'll wait at the side of Trump and will wait 10-15mins for the next shuttle. It was a huge convenience for us bc we didn't want to drive nor did we want to spend on taxi. We mostly took the one to Caesar's and it probably took 10mins to arrive where they drop you off at the forum shops. I will definitely book a room at the trump the next time we go to Vegas because you get more than you pay for. If we booked at Treasure Island or Paris, I guarantee it will not be HALF as nice and accommodating as the TRUMP. Of course you sacrifice being near the strip, but there's shuttles so it's no biggie.
3	Nice property even though it's a bit off the strip.  Everyone was pretty friendly and helpful.  The shuttle to the Caesar's and Wynn was not as frequent as advertised and we waited nearly 45 minutes at Caesar's and they never showed up and ended up getting a cab.  Mentioned to the doorman and he said he'd let someone know.  Had to wait earlier in the day for 30+ minutes for the shuttle as well.  Overall, the shuttle was a waste of time for us.Room was comfortable but when we first got to our room the trash from the previous guest was overflowing under the sink.  We were very tired and just went to bed rather than call housekeeping.
5	If you are looking for a high class hotel in Las Vegas, stay here!!! For the price we paid, you can't find anything better! Mind you this hotel does not have a casino, so be warned for those wanting to stay at one with a casino.The Trump Hotel is very clean, smoke-free, and the rooms... WOW!!! Suite life for the price is unbeatable! You literally will feel like you are in your own personal studio apartment fully equipped with a full kitchen, living space, floor to ceiling windows, and the bathroom... Let's just say TV in the mirror, Jacuzzi tub, stand up shower and double sinks!As for the pool, great low key atmosphere with music that is not overwhelming or too loud.  The wait staff is a little slow, but that's probably the only complaint I have.  The pool area offers reserved day beds with an umbrella that are complementary if your tab is more than $75. Yes, only $75.00. For our party of 3, that was a no brainier... With drinks and lunch, we were easily well over the minimum.The hotel is off the strip, but they do offer shuttles to and from the strip.  I would definitely stay here again!
2	This hotel is just mediocre. Nothing special about it. Besides the fact that it's across from saks. Rooms are very clean. Beautiful views. Long check out and check in lines.
5	We had a great four day experience at the Trump Hotel in Las Vegas. It is a small but very decadent location, free of smoking, with superb waitstaff and service. They were very accommodating throughout our entire stay. We will definitely be back.
2	Rooms are very nice but service was horrible. Supposed to check in at 3 but kept me waiting until 5.
4	Great rooms and super staff. A little pricy but worth it not to have to walk through a casino. I stay here every year and it's always a welcome stay from all the cheap hotels
5	WOW pinkies up! Hate the man, LOVE this hotel.Trump Las Vegas will make you feel like your pockets are much deeper than they actually are. Ultimately luxury prevails throughout this property.It IS off the strip, but it's really not that far. I did not utilize the shuttles because it's literally a 4-5 minute walk to the strip, less if the mall is open. The convenience of no casino allows easy navigation throughout and lets you get to your room easily. And as others have mentioned, everything in this place smells phenomenal.The rooms are very well-appointed and almost TOO big for a Vegas hotel room! You could comfortably fit 5 people in a King 1-bedroom suite.We booked via Jetsetter and I thought we had a standard room but apparently the one-bedroom suite is a bit bigger than the standard studio suite. It was very reasonable priced with the deal we got. The room is just astounding. Once you walk in, a full kitchen, dining area, and living room with a L-shaped couch greets you. The full kitchen has a dishwasher and a FULL FRIDGE! The kitchen is not stocked with dishes or cookware per local law but they can send up anything you need. We needed a corkscrew and it was delivered within 10 minutes. The living room also has its own FULL bath, with a single sink and big shower.The bedroom is MASSIVE with floor to ceiling windows and the most comfortable bathrobe I've ever worn. The bed is very comfy as well. Inside the bedroom is the master bathroom (yes, TWO bathrooms in the 1-bedroom suite!) which is probably bigger than the master bedroom in my apartment in LA. The bathroom features a jetted Jacuzzi tub that is actually much larger than a standard tub (see Palazzo/Venetian) and fits two! The vanity is spacious with two sinks and a stool for the ladies. The shower stall is huge as well with two separate shower heads! Toilet is in a separate enclosure but the wall doesn't go to the ceiling so fumes may still be an issue. The staff was all extremely friendly and professional and I had no issues whatsoever with noise or any inconveniences.What a hidden gem in Vegas! Will definitely consider staying here on my next visit to Vegas.
3	The Trump is really nice. I can see why people choose to stay here. We were lucky enough to have a stay cation here for our anniversary on Veterans Day weekend. The line was long when we got here to check in but they were pretty efficient. We were put in one of the penthouse suites so that was awesome.  The elevator ride felt like a ride because it was so fast that you had to pop your ears. I was impressed when I walked in. We didn't have a strip view but it was a nice view nonetheless. The room was huge. I wanted to throw a party just because it was that big. I walked into the bedroom and noticed a used condom wrapper behind the door since I closed the door to change. Gross right?! This hotel is close to a bunch of adult entertainment places so people choose the trump for that reason as well. The train sucks as well. You can hear the train as it passes by. Overall, it is a nice hotel but with the train nearby and the dirty condom wrapper I won't be back.
4	Great hotel just a block from the strip (and right across the street from a huge mall). The room is one of the best rooms I've stayed in as far as size and amenities. The bathroom was as big as some rooms I've stayed in... it was huge.  The bathroom floor looked like it wasn't really cleaned which was a concern and the shower drain was mostly clogged (took an hour to drain). While the room was very affordable compared to rooms at casino hotels at that time, they DO get you on room service prices. I understand the usual markup on room service, but nearly fifty dollars for a couple of turkey sandwiches to be delivered?  WOAH!  All in all, it was a good stay, and as long as room rates stay that much lower than casino hotels nearby, we'll choose them again (but we'll bring our own sandwich fixings).  =)
3	I will not stay there again.  The train is a deal breaker for me.  The rooms are really nice and the staff is friendly and professional.
4	I took the family here for a two night stay cation. We had an excellent stay. The hotel is clean and smells great. The staff is courteous and accommodating. We stayed in a standard room with two beds and a Strip view. The rooms, including the bathroom, were spacious and clean.We don't mind walking at all, so we actually enjoyed walking across the street to the Fashion Show Mall and down the street to Las Vegas Boulevard.We stayed on the 31st floor and we did hear the train in the middle of the night for about 20 seconds. I don't think it was a big deal and probably wouldn't have even noticed it if I didn't read previous reviews.Be aware if you book the room through another website and put occupancy of "4", you will be given a room with a king and a pullout sofa. There is $25/night fee to have a room with two beds, which we needed. I don't mind paying it, but just disclose the fee (just like the resort fee) before I book so I'm not hit with the charge at the front desk.I would have no hesitation staying here again for the rate we got and would recommend the hotel for anyone looking for something a little different than other hotels directly on Las Vegas Boulevard.
2	My husband and I stayed here about 4 years ago.  Boy, have they gone down the drain.  All the help are very very nice and well trained.  But wow, have they startednickel and dime you.  They charge 25 a day for a hotel charge but when my husband went up to the spa they wanted 12 extra TO USE THE STEAM OR SAUNA!!!  Unbelievable.  No slippers in the rooms and their robes where so old and scratchy.No cue tips no cotton as well in the rooms.  They were very accommodating byputting a foam pad on the bed so it was not as hard.When we were there 4 years ago, they had a wonderful chef there. We were therefor 4 nights and had dinner there 2 of them.  This time we were also staying for4 nights and were so looking forward to have dinner there.  First came the Martini, way to much vermouth in it.  Our first appetizer where crab cake and pork belly.We waited for almost  l/2 hour  and when they finally arrived they were COLD.We both took one bite and realized it, as well as very poorly presented with2 tiny pork belly pieces we absolutely could not eat it.  We were very disappointedat the menu as well.  Mr Trump really needs to get a new chef there asap.We are foodies, and our son is a Executive Chef in Dallas, I as well is a verygood cook, so we do know good food.  We had dinner at Picasso at the Bellagio , outstanding food and beautifulpresentation. And wonderful service.Mr. Trump please pay some attention to this beautiful hotel.  It needsyour help.Also get rid of the BARKING DOGS !!!!!!!!And a bench outside for waiting for the shuttle would really help, myhusband has a hard time standing.
4	Large rooms. Clean. Has fridge, microwave, stove and kueurig coffee maker. All nice items to have! The bed is very comfortable. Soft plush robes are provided. The bathroom is huge, with shower and tub, two sinks and separate bathroom stall. Good location, it is across the street from the fashion show mall. You can walk through the mall to get on the strip or take the complimentary shuttle to Caesars Palace or the Wynn hotel. Overall: We like this hotel and would definitely stay here again
4	Love the jacuzzi and the mirrored tv.. If u dont smoke and gamble, and just want a nice quiet place to stay, then choose this one.. But if youre a first time Vegas guest, then pick the one on the vegas strip.. i smoked and loved playing slots in the casino.. i checked in here for a change...
5	The Trump is AWESOME!I am a born and raised Las Vegas Native. Now that I live outside of the state, this is the only place I stay when I come into town. My last trip to the strip was in March for my 22nd birthday and Spring Break. I went with some college friends and we absolutely loved our stay!There are magnificent chandelier's hanging from the ceiling that greet you when you walk into the lobby making the lobby feel regal and ooze with classiness. For some of my friends who had never been to Las Vegas, this made us feel like we had arrived for the best Spring Break yet. Our room was spacious and beautiful with a great view! In addition to the beautiful interior design, the staff was excellent! Everyone was friendly and greeted us when we walked into the lobby, bar, pool area, etc. The customer service is through the roof and we felt extremely comfortable and well cared for. We went out to some of the top night clubs and either walked or took a taxi back to the hotel- The Distance isn't too far. We all loved the bathroom! With a bunch of girls getting ready to go out, the large mirrors and space made getting ready fun and enjoyable (rather than squishing for mirror space).I will recommned the Trump Hotel to anyone. We are already looking into booking again in the next couple months!
2	This hotel is far from the strip. You have to cab it to the strip. The hotel does offer a free shuttle service to the strip which is a plus. However, you have to wait in a line in order to take the shuttle which sucks. The hotel is right in front of a mall which is a plus. The hotel shopping includes very little. The hotel offers ivanka trump's items (of course). I have one of her clutches and its a high priced item with poor quality materials and generic handsmanship.The room we got was spacious and had lots of window. It has a pretty yet typical Vegas view. The room was fresh. I would have wanted a hotel closer to the strip but we wanted to be closer to the convention center. This hotel was a shorter cab ride to the convention center. It was a compromise we were willing to make. As far as the look of the hotel, it's definitely more traditional rather than the grand casino hotels surrounding the trump. If you want a casino decked with the typical Vegas flashy lights, it's not the trump.Lastly, their pools are very relaxing and quiet. I concluded it was because it was farther from the strip. So that's a plus!
5	The Trump offers a magnificent accomodation with  flat screen TV, beautiful spa tub, kitchen, 2nd bathroom (offered in suites) and full kitchen. The Trump is the way to go. Get the Suite its well worth it.
5	We decided to travel to Las Vegas for New Years and for my birthday. The hotel is off the strip, just across the street from Fashion Mall and down the road from the Wynn Resort. It was amazing. We were greeted as soon as we got out of our car and a bell hop was right there getting our luggage and whisking us inside to check-in. Check-in was fast, courteous, and easy. Our room was on the 54th floor facing the strip. The view was AMAZING! The room was clean, quiet and enjoyable. It was a welcome calm place to come back to after the hectic strip scene. The best part was the New Years fireworks show. Nearing midnight, we went back to our room and watched the fireworks show over the strip from 5 hotel roof tops. Our view was amazing! We saw all of the fireworks (except for the Stratosphere which was behind the Trump) and had an uninterrupted view of the entire show. It is a fireworks show I'll always remember. Here is where the Trump really went above and beyond. After getting home, we realized we left our camera in the room with ALL of our pictures and video of the firework show. The Trump staff found our camera and shipped it back to us. We received it and it was in working order and all of our memories that we captured in film were saved! Thanks so much to the Trump staff for finding our camera, placing it in lost and found, then mailing it us when we called for it and supplied identifying information. GREAT, GREAT STAFF at the Trump Las Vegas! The next time we come to Vegas, we are DEFINITELY staying at the Trump again. No question about it.
2	Tis not the season to visit the Trump in Las Vegas. I get that December is considered the off season for Vegas, and that is why I gave this review two stars and not one.The staff mentally checks out around this time of year. The service at the bar, the lounge, restaurants, and even House keeping is horrible!  Every year the company I work for treats us to a Vegas weekend, and next year if we do stay at the Trump again, I will pass.It is one thing that they do not have a casino or live entertainment, but maybe they should make what they have work, and work well!! perhaps I am being harsh, but I am not the only one that is feeling this way.
4	This place is great for a business hotel or if you don't gamble and/or with the family.Big, comfortable, well appointed rooms.  Nice pool, decent bar and food.No casino, but a little walk to Caesar's.This is my detox hotel.  Usually I book a night or two here before staying on the strip.  Keeps the expenses down  LOL.
5	Can Never go wrong at the Trump Tower. My husband love staying at this hotel whenever we are in the city. The Bell service, Front desk, door man, and everything here is excellent. They are so friendly and very professional. The hotel it self is always polished and smoking free. Love the view from all of the rooms that we stayed so far. Beautiful room with a view of the strip itself and we can see all the night lights from our window. Love this place. Can't wait to come back soon.
5	One of the cleanest and best hotel I have stayed at ever! The room was clean, the staff friendly. Even the elevator was fast.
4	Stayed at this hotel quite a few times and loved it.  Very clean, away from the strip, so if you're looking for some quiet time. It's great.  Has a nice view of the strip (if you're facing it that is) Rooms are spacious and clean The pool area is very relaxing. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Took off a star for 1- there's a train that passes through here and blows its horn.  So if you're a light sleeper you might hear it. 2- away from the strip.  So if you're out to steakhouses or clubs and need to get back you have to cab it 3- they offer a shuttle, but the lines can get quite long.  3- the shuttle only takes you to Wynn , which you can walk to. And Caesars palace.  Which is a ride away.  The shuttle runs every 7-10 mins.
2	Last week I decided to visit Las Vegas with my wife for the first time. Looked at hotels on line and amongst the choices that stood out was the trump international , so we arrived and service was great at the counter. Went up stairs and opened the door and we said yea looks nice , looked at the window and we had a nice view. The reason why I am giving them a 2 stars not more is because the room and shower door wasn't clean, I have pictures , the night stands bottom shelves were super dusty. As well as the desk. In the shower , the door hinge was black , for the money I paid I could of been to perhaps a cleaner hotel with a lot more comfortable mattress too.
3	The experience was good. I would have given a 4 star, the room are spacious and the hotel is conveniently located acrosss the Fashion Mall. The shuttle to the Ceasars and to the Wynn is a plus, I just wished they would rotate every 20 minutes. However watch out for the hidden fees of $25 per day and the $100 withold taken as a deposit. When you sum all this charges and deposits it does not make it any difference than a stay at the Bellagio but without all the amenities the Bellagio has to offer.
5	I chose to stay at the Trump because I was told that there wasn't a casino inside and it was more like a normal none Vegas hotel. Since I'm not a gambler and am not a fan of the over all casino vibe I really liked that.All staff were great. They only have valet, which I appreciated.The lobby and over all feel of the hotel was classy and upscale. It seemed like an oasis within Las Vegas.The rooms were nice and very large with a mini kitchen and large bathroom and tub. Each room had a mini porch which have it a home feel.I don't think I'll stay anywhere else next time I'm in LV.
4	I guess I am a lite sleeper. Ugh. There is a train the rolls through the middle of the night - it woke me up and kept me up. Such a bummer. Pros: Staffeasy valet easy walk to Wynn, and the mall no cigarettes! lovely bathrooms Cons:middle of the night noise Things of note: Very flowery toiletries Comfortable bed, but sheets are due for replacement Hand operated shades Fast elevators!Good wifi!
2	Pros:- no casino = no smoke smell- clean- calm atmosphere- nice and huge bathtub Cons:- tv, stove, and coffee machine were broken - room service didn't knock before entering - far from strip- food service is slow and forgot to bring us utensils (we never got them)- pillows smelled like sweat- didn't replenish the tea packets- wifi is really slow
5	Every thing was great... one of the nicest 5 star properties without the casino crowd. Close enough to the strip.
1	Trump Hotel only has valet parking - no self parking.  Good luck waiting in lines for your car - not only loads of waiting time, we witnessed several near misses of valet staff and patrons!  After shelling out $300/night for a suite for four adults, we found a pull out couch with a mattress of the cheapest quality I've ever seen.  Wires protrude with seemingly NO padding whatsoever.  It was absolutely unusable - my son had to sleep on the floor. Shuttle service ends at 11pm in a city where most stay out past midnight.  Staff possessed very large egos and patronizing tones - no customer service whatsoever.We will NEVER be back.  We're taking our business to Wynn!
3	Stayed here twice both times tv had major digital breakup(unwatchable) no casino attached which can be good or bad wifi sucks balls. Big balls.
5	Loved the room!!  So spacious and pretty.  The bathroom was luxurious.  The staff was very friendly and they have a free shuttle to the Wynn and Caesars Palace.  That makes up for the hotel being so far from the strip.  I liked that they had a microwave and a coffee maker.  I would definitely stay here again.
5	I'm in Vegas a lot for work -- not to party, so finding a QUIET, mature hotel to stay in is a relief. I've stayed at the party hotels and drunks knocking on my door at 3am because they are lost is something I can do without. The Trump, on the other hand, is great for extended business stays. Their rooms come complete with a kitchen so you can stock your own refrigerator and cook "at home" if you wish. They also provide FREE bottled water daily -- not like the other hotels that criminally charge you $7+ if you dare drink the bottles they leave in your room. I signed up for Trump Card membership and the extra details/customizing of my room on every stay is great. Any time I've ever had an issue with a room, management has been more than accommodating at fixing it or giving me a better room. I pretty much don't stay anywhere else in Vegas unless I have to. Good job Trump!
5	I loved staying here! I was in Vegas for business, so staying at a hotel without all the distractions was great.If you want a place to party or have fun, this may not be the best place. If you want a luxurious hotel with amazing rooms, amazing service, and none of the hassles that come with being in Vegas for business... this place is perfect.I have stayed at 3 other 5 star hotels in Vegas and my room here was my favorite.I will definitely come again.
5	Some of the reviews on Trump Las Vegas crack me up with the exaggerations and dashed expectations.Is it worthy of five stars? Heck yes! No doubt. And it's a great value. I've never priced it and found a large suite for less than $100. Do they charge a resort fee? YES! Just like everyone else on the strip. Is it spelled out to you before you sign anything? YES - In big print. And if you know about it and complain about it - what are you doing in a five star resort anyway?To the good stuff!Trump was built as a luxury condominium thus it is unique compared to other wonderful resort/CASINO'S like The Palazzo. Trump is quiet and understated. The suites are decorated in a modern but comfortable motif and include at the bare minimum a kitchenette with imported designer appliances. The beds are HEAVEN too. I found the service to be exceptional and my suite was always spotless when I returned from lunch and shopping. The staff here is what you would expect from a Trump property. Refined, sort of out of sight, but always accommodating.The bathroom was AWESOME, especially the HDTV built into the mirror.If you are looking for a pampering yet private escape Trump Las Vegas is your place. I went to rest after a little cosmetic surgery and it was so quite and peaceful you could hear a pin drop. But plastic surgeons always recommend a few hours of gaming each night to reduce the bruising and enhance healing. Like any resort in Las Vegas you have to walk to get to a casino or somewhere good to eat. Or drive yourself, rent a taxi, or use a shuttle. And for snacks you have a kitchen or you can walk to Fashion Show Mall directly across the street.Lastly - I was on one of the highest floors with a magnificent strip view at no extra cost probably because it was not crowded and money talks. But in any case I DID NOT hear train noises and you would hear a train even 60 floors up. The soundproofing is fine. I also did not hear a peep from the neighbors next door.And the valet staff was excellent!My only suggestion to improve this resort would be to spruce up the lobby area a bit. It needs some color or perhaps a chic water-wall. And turn on some music or something so the lobby is inviting and welcoming. It was a bit "cold" but that's just my two cents.Room Tip: High floor of course. Rent a car but remember there is only valet parking.
1	This is one of  those unfortunate luxury hotels that had not yet learned that a bad experience based on a flawed policy can ruin the stay. They purport to be a child friendly place with a high level of customer service, yet my experience was to the contrary. I lost an item (my jacket) and they gave me the run around for almost two hours, claiming that this person would help me, and then that person, with no one actually assisting me. Meanwhile my three children and their grandmas sat in the cold in our cars (we were ready to leave to return home, trying to beat the traffic). They ultimately claimed no one in the hotel had access to lost and found during this two hour window.  I received three different stories about how the lost and found system operates.  I kept asking why we couldn't have someone just escort me to the lost and found area so I could quickly identify my jacket, and I got no answer other than it was against policy.  I also kept asking why someone couldn't just run up there and bring it back to me.  This apparently was also against some policy.  It was only after I became vocal about my frustration that someone from the housekeeping department finally said she would go look, but she said it would take 30 minutes to locate it... ??One gentleman from security was extremely rude, actually criticizing me for not making a report to lost and found sooner. (I came to the hotel with a husband, three small kids, two grandmas, and my brother in law, so it was a busy trip. I only realized it was missing the same morning I reported it.) When I told him that he and the hotel were being disrespectful of our family situation by not finding a way to retrieve my jacket, he actually rolled his eyes. I asked to speak to manager about the situation, and was told she would not speak to me, because she was in a meeting. She then ultimately came out to the front desk and didn't say a word to me. It was truly an unbelievable experience, and sullied our five-day stay here. People come to hotels like this for the customer service and hospitality, and this place fell short. There are other smoke free hotels with a much higher level of service available. It is too bad because it is an aesthetically pleasing property with some great aspects. There is this great heated pool, and the housekeepers on our floor were a delight. There is a lovely little spa. The valet attendants were true professionals.
5	Had a massage done at the spa by La'Shone and it was AMAZING! She tackled all of my problem areas and personalized the massage just for me. The rooms are relaxing and the massage beds are so amazing and fancy! On the pricey side but it was worth it. It was $160 for 60 minutes and includes spa usage after. They add on an automatic tip which brings the total to $192 but only 17% of the $32 goes to the masseuse. I am not sure why but I would tip extra.
5	I totally enjoyed staying at the Trump towers. We got the one bedroom suite with views of the strip on the 51st floor. It was totally worth it. The bathrooms were gorgeous.  A plasma TV in your mirror? Italian marble on the bathroom floor and walls? A huge spa tub with jets? A huge two shower head stand up shower? It was amazing.  The kitchenette was beautiful, the bed and sheets were wonderful.  My family didn't want to leave the room except to eat. Lol.I loved that there was no smoking or casino. It Is a pet friendly hotel, so if someone in your party has Hasan allergy, let them know ahead of time.  OVER ALL A Wonderful Time In A Classy hotel.
5	Absolutely wonderful.  A must for Las Vegas!!!The staff always has a smile on their face and it is a pleasure to come back.Home away from home.Will visit them soon.
1	Staying there was a bad experience for us overall. In the shower i had to wait for the warm water and suddenly waters temperature would go high that i couldn't bear it at all! I dont know what was it but our body got itchy after sleeping. My husbands leg were swollen and my skin in my back was red. The prices was super high! A simple egg sandwich was $8! The pool was small and there was no steam room. Dont go to this hotel! We came back and we are still sick!
