5	The secret is out! This is great Pizza!  This place sells pizza by the slice or pie and has a great crispy crust. Why do I call it the Secret Pizza Joint? Because it HAS NO NAME! It has no sign. No posted hours. When you are on the restaurant level look for a hallway with seven hundred (mostly Italian or Vegas themed) records albums on the walls and ceiling, walk down that hallway and you will find it. This is the poor mans joint in Cosmo. Slices are about $3.50 each and you can get a cup of Pabst Blue Ribbon here also! ZAZZ!!
5	+ secret spot and has never been too crowded when I've been there+ excellent New York pizza+ affordable slices with free refills on pop+ open all night+ located up two escalators and next to a sushi restaurant and across from some pool tables+ As far as decor, everyday is 1987
4	Stopped in for a weekday lunch. There was a small crowd when we arrived. No menus here. Slices start at $3.00 and it's 50-cents for additional toppings. A full pie is $17. Pizzas are pre-cooked, you make your selection based on what's available and it's tossed in the pizza oven for a few minutes to heat it through and crisp the crust.We tried the pepperoni, the onions and peppers, the white pizza and the sausage and meatball. The total with two diet cokes was 22.16.We stood at the counter and enjoyed our slices. Nicely crisp (slight char) chewy crust, light sauce and gooey cheese. The least favorite slice was the sausage and meatball -- bland meats. The favorite was the onion and pepper slice.
4	Solid pizza for a very affordable price. I think I spent about $3 for a decently sized pizza slice. Buying a bottle of coke is about the same price if you walk back out to one of the Cosmopolitan stores in the mall.Pizza tastes as good as they look. Not overly greasy, but  flavorful. Give some props to the pizza makers. They make a good pizza pie. There's some quality ingredients for what you pay for.If you're around the Cosmopolitan and want to fill up without breaking the bank, definitely check this place out. It's hidden up in the 3rd floor through a hallway behind the pool table area.
5	The secret pizza place is a lot of fun because it's on the 3rd floor next to a great set of restaurants and a pool table. To get to the good stuff, walk down a cool hallway with every square inch covered in vintage albums. Once you've made it to the ordering counter, you're presented with a cool pinball machine and many different kinds of pizzas. There are very large pizzas presented to you along with a few shiny stainless steel pizza ovens along with some peeps to help you decide on which slice to buy.When I went the first time during the opening week of the Cosmopolitan hotel, I noticed that an authentic Italian pizza creator from a local pizza joint had switched jobs! At first I said to myself, oh no what happened. And then I thought about it. If this guy works at the secret pizza joint now, I'll be able to sample some excellent pizza more often, so I'm ok with that. The pizza creator recognized me and just handed me a slice to test out. What a guy!
5	This place is ridiculous. I stopped by during a recent trip to Vegas and I was very impressed with the pizza. I had a slice of white and a slice of pepperoni. The thing I loved the most was the crust. It was quite possibly the best crust I have ever eaten, and I don't say that lightly. Crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside, and a slight twinge resembling sourdough. Seating is limited so we took our slices out into the foyer and sat at a large wooden table. Their also is a foosball table with glass over the top so you could potentially sit there, have your slice, and play a match or two. If you do sit outside of the place don't be surprised if people start asking you where the secret pizza place is. My response between bites of cheesy glory: "down the hallway with all the vinyls" Two beers on tap: PBR and Dogfish Head 60 minute Two games to play: Vegas themed pinball and Galaga.Go find it. Now.
5	A few of my friends kept raving about this pizza place inside Cosmopolitan.  Telling me I had to try it.  So in the middle of our clubbing session at Marquee we left the club to go get some pizza.  This place is hidden on the second floor in between Blue Ribbon Sushi + Jaleo.  It's hidden, if you were just walking by, you'd never know it was a pizza joint down that long hallway.  Once you reach the end of the hallway you go into this little area with a Galactica (is that how you spell it?) arcade game and a pinball machine.  The minute we walked in we were greeted by the pizza maker, Nico.  He was very personable and explained what would make a good slice.  We start off with a basic cheese slice, a pepperoni slice or a white slice and make "magic" at the end.  We told him to surprise us so he made us a white pizza w/ roasted tomatoes and basil + garlic.  Second slice was meatball w/ green peppers.  This is the BEST pizza I have ever had.  I used to love Rocco's pizza in Summerlin, but now that I've tasted this, it is ultimately the best pizza.  The price is very reasonable.  It's $3.00 and $0.50 per topping.   This is a great go to place after clubbing.  It's hard to explain how good this pizza is.  I'm not a big pizza eater, but this place makes me want to eat a whole pie.  Definitely worth a try if you're ever at the Cosmo.  Remember, it's on the second floor in between Blule Ribbon Sushi + Jaleo.
5	Treasure hunt time !! If you're cunning enough to find this place, then you definitely deserve the pizza that they serve. Lucky for you, it's not that hard to find. Clues:Third floor of the cosmopolitan.If you see the pool table, you're getting close. Hallway lined with album covers. This little place only offers about five seats, but guests can grab a seat outside where the pool table is. It also has a pinball machine and an arcade game. Something to keep you busy if there is a wait. Slices are about 3 to 4 dollars, and are decently sized. There wasn't too much sauce on it, which I fully appreciate. And the sausage was good, and had a bit of kick to it. They have a couple beers on hand. I can't remember the other one, but the one of the selections was PBR. I was disappointed by both choices, and opted out of getting the beer. Overall, awesome place to go to if you're in the area. I just wish this wasn't tucked away on the Strip, because like most locals - I tend to stay away from the Strip and the tourists [who never seem to follow the crosswalk signs, and insist on crossing the street even if it isn't their turn].
5	Hidden gem inside the Cosmo Hotel!!Its actually called Pizzeria.Super cheap pizza and the quality was amazing. I love thin crust pizza, it's my FAVE! They close at 4am so it's a perfect spot to hit up after the club for some yummy greasy food! I ordered the pepperoni with sausage. The sausage is different from other types of pizza. It's sliced up in bigger pieces plus the cheese just melts in your mouth!Really small and seating can be a problem. Seems like its more of a grab and go kinda thang. Make sure to come here for some bomb pizza!! Might be kinda hard to find so ask around. If you find a tunnel you went to the right spot! :]
5	There is a pizza god in Vegas! I'm from Philly and moved here to Vegas in 2006 and have missed east coast pizza ever since... Until now! If you want this pizza, you'll have to look hard for it as it is kinda sorta not advertised anywhere... Go to the 3rd floor of the Cosmo Casino/ Resort and look for the pool table/ game area and then there will be a hallway with records or some sort of "pop art" on the walls - go down that hallway! There is no sitting area, only an eat-up counter space but who cares, your going to inhale the pizza anyway! Closest thing to east coast you'll find in the city, guaranteed!
5	The secret pizza place officially without a name. Located on the 3rd level.  There isn't a sign, so look past the pool table.  This pizza joint is located down a long hallway lined with album covers.  You might be able to spot the "Vegas" pinball machine from outside.It's a very small place.  Once inside, you will notice:-A few stools and a small counter to sit at.  -Pinball machine, and an arcade game.  -Couple of pizza ovens.-Pizza counter with pre-made pizzas, and a handful of toppings to choose from.-Pizza artist and a cashier.-Great pizza!It's not a full dining establishment.  Pretty much order and go. You wouldn't expect much more from a place with $3 pizza slices in a multi-billion dollar resort. You can have extra toppings added for a small charge.  If you order a slice, it is tossed into the oven for a couple minutes and you are good to go.  Full pizza's start at $17.  Guest's of the hotel can place an order through room service. Feeling thirsty?  They have PBR  and Dogfish Ale on tap.  The people who work here are great.  Real pizza artist's with personality.  Check this place out!  It's convenient, inexpensive and open late night until after Marquee Nightclub closes.
5	Possibly the cheapest meal you will find in any of the casinos on the Las Vegas Strip.  And this unassuming and "hidden" pizzeria, which is not even what their name is (according to the man I spoke to behind the counter) is located in the newest luxury casino to opened in Las Vegas.  It is on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan, across from the escalator and located next to Blue Ribbon Sushi.  There are no signs indicating that there is anything down the short hallway adorned with album covers, besides of course the pinball machine and flat screen televisions mounted on the wall clearly visible to anyone who bothered to look in.  But instead of finding a hidden alcove of arcade games, you will find a counter where you can order your pizza by the slice or by the whole pie, and work space where they prepare the NY-style pizzas from scratch.Prices are reasonable.  Slices starts at $3 per slice (plain cheese), $3.50 (one-topping), $4 (two toppings combo), and for $6 (you get a slice of plain cheese pizza and domestic draft beer).18" Pizza by the pie: $17 (Cheese), $18 (White Pizza - Ricotta & Mozzarella Cheese), $22 (three-toppings), or $25 (five-toppings).Available Toppings (in alphabetical): Black Olives, Extra Cheese, Fresh Garlic, Green Peppers, Meatballs, Mushrooms, Onions, Pepperoni, Ricotta, Roasted Tomatoes, Sliced Sausage, Spinach, White Anchovies.Beverages: Coca-Cola Brand fountain drinks, beer and wine (domestic and premium draft), Illy Coffee.  The cup of soda is pretty small, but you can ask for refills. :DDesserts: New York Cheesecake Slice and Cannoli.Also if you are staying at the Cosmopolitan and too busy/lazy/important/lost :p to make your way to the "Pizzeria", you can ring up the hotel to have someone deliver your pizza order.BTW, the concept of selling pizzas by the slice has been around for a long time, just ask any UCB students, but to implement this concept inside a mega luxury casino is as Misti (LV Yelp CM) stated, "genius"!----2/15/2011----Holy cow!  I have no idea this place gets so packed at 11pm on a Tuesday night!  And their cheese-less pizzas with extra garlic oil added to the pizza sauce is dope!  I am glad I ate the last slice that no one else wanted, even though I was rather full already :)Decor: 4.5/5Pizza: 3.5/5Price: 4.5/5Staff: 5/5 Friendly and nice to the guests.
4	Shhhhhh! can you keep a secret?  We stumbled upon a secret pizzeria in the new Cosmopolitan hotel.It was 3 in the morning and we roll in jonesin for some food.Nico was such a sweetheart, he told us stories, listened to ours, and gave us advice on life, love, and all things worldly.  He was like an elder teaching us life lessons while he kneaded dough and turned it into pizza for us!It literally turned from this.....       )   (    )    (     ___     (       _.'      `._  )     .'               `.  _(________)___Into this...in a matter of 20 minutes                                              . ------------.               \-------------/                \%=@%%/                 \ O%O%/                   \%(_)O/                    \ *%8/                     \&8/                       \*/Great pizza, nice crust, and awesome company.  Nico hooked us up and managed to teach us about life all in 30 minutes.  He made me feel like I was in Italy and if this was his pizzeria he'd have given us the pizza for free!  Nico made our trip a memorable one.
5	This place is "the find" of the century as far as late night Vegas food goes.  While all the nice restaurants have closed up shop & your options are Fattburger or a crummy 24hr cafe, Pizzeria is a foodie godsend that's open until 4am! 3 people, 2 slices and 1 drink each = ~$35The pizza is wonderful, the service is even better.  Have Nico put a little magic on a white pizza for you!  The staff here loves their job & it shows in the service & the food.  I'm only sad that I found this on my last day in Vegas, or I would have saved myself the 3am room service bill from the night before.
3	Its a pretty cool hidden spot at Cosmopolitan and Slices prices are pretty decent. However when I stopped in arround 6 on a Sunday all the slices were old and the cashier was a dick. I had the ricotta cheese slice and it was good but, I am sure it would be better if it was semi fresh. So, first impression gets a 3 star, but they will get another chance when I am in the area.
5	Cheap food in a hotel/casino. Super nice employees. Pizza that is delicious. What more could you want?I like to think of this place as a hole in the wall of The Cosmopolitan. It's not advertised, nor does it have a name. In fact, it's easy to miss if you're not looking for it. I walked by it several times (I work in The Cosmopolitan) and I never once noticed it until someone pointed it out. It's between Jaleo and Blue Ribbon, right by that weird spaceship elevator. Go down a long hallway with vintage album covers, and voila! You've reached the pizzeria with no real name. It's delicious, cheap, and great for a hangover. The man working there was kind enough to charge me a little less for my slice. I got a slice of sausage pizza and it was awesome! The perfect ratio of cheese to sauce, not super stiff but not super soggy, just perfect.Great place.. will DEFINITELY return for a quick bite!
5	The Secret Pizza Place is its real name, I swear.I was so amped when I found it, thanks to you previous 21 yelpers. I LOVE pizza, and I think I might have found my favorite pizza place besides Grimaldi's. Then again, I came at 3 in the morning, was given a free slice of pizza AND a free slice of cheesecake, AND great conversation so I could be a little influenced but I'm pretty sure it's excellent.Please try the white pizza with tomatoes. Your tastebuds will thank you.Please make sure you have some gum with you. Your friends and other strangers will thank you.Nico and Cristos are food artists. 'Artists' would have been italicized if that were allowed.The slice of cheesecake is pretty clutch, too.Bring tip money! You'll need it, i swear!
4	I wish this place could stay a secret forever. Had it not been for my fellow yelpers I would have never found this place. Like everyone else has said-it's down a long hallway of album covers with a pinball machine at the end thinly sandwiched between 2 other restaurants on the 3rd floor, behind the game area. If you really need anymore help, just go to the Cosmo's website and look at the building floor plans. It can be pretty hard to find. At the end of the skinny, slightly creepy hallway, it's as if you've set foot in the type of pizza shop you see pretty much everywhere except Las Vegas. It's $3.00 a slice, which may seem steep but by the standards of The Strip that might as well be free (The Strip is the place where bottles of water can be as high as $4.00 and the dollar menu doesn't even exist at McDonald's people).They offer parmesan, oregano, garlic powder, red pepper flakes and pepper on the tables, which is perfect but at the same time rather unnecessary - this pizza is good enough without flavor enhancement. The crust is so good, it's burnt enough to be really crispy, but not burnt enough to just taste.....burnt. The cheese was bubbly and piping hot. My only gripe is that it was a little bit too greasy, but I'm willing to overlook that. Two slices of pepperoni pizza and drink (with as many free refills as you want) came out to be: $10.81. Not bad at all for The Strip.Let's hope this stays a ~*secret*~ for as long as possible, and let's hope that when it eventually stops being a secret that the owners won't see that as reason to jack up the prices. *sarcastic grin*
4	This is really good and inexpensive pizza!So I was looking for great pizza and turned to Yelp for advice and as always they were right about the Pizzeria @ The Cosmopolitan. When you go to The Cosmopolitan there are absolutely no advertisements for this place. Some people like to search the Casino, but I cheated and ask someone that works at the hotel. (I would say the location, but that would give away all of the fun of looking for it. Read another review for the location. By the guy's expression, you feel apart of a special club of people who know about the Pizzeria. I had a peperoni, sausage and green pepper slice that was amazing. It is just the perfect combination of sauce, cheese, and crust. Next time I am in the hankering for a slice, I'll come here.
5	I seriously thought I was heading in to the restroom cuz I had to piss badly.  Long hall with vintage music album decoration and after walking all the way at the end, oh its a pizza joint.  This place is a hidden treasure! Thin crust pizzas, NY style, just the right amount of cheese and tomato sauce.  I bought a slice of their sausage and mushroom and ended up buying 2 more because its really that good.It's hard to find but I believe this pizza joint is on the 4th floor.  You'll see a pool table just right outside and that's when you'll see the entrance at the corner.
5	Yeah, I think it's cute because it's "a secret" but it's also probably one of the best deals in the area, plus it's OPEN LATE. Service behind the counter has been great each visit. The pizza is delicious, and so cheap! The plain cheese with tomato, and pepperoni can't be improved upon. PBR for $3 on the strip? SOLD.What more do you need?
5	Great great pizza, and on the vegas strip it does not get better, cheaper, or more convenient!Tucked away on the 3rd floor of the new cosmopolitan hotel, after an unmarked hallway lined with records, you get this little hole in the wall pizzeria, run by nico and staff.let him choose your poison.... he REALLY knows what he's talking about. our group ordered a pie of cheese, and then each let him pick our individual extra slices. i got meatball, ricotta, and bell peppers. and OH MY GOD.i usually dont like meat on pizza and bell peppers ever, but this worked magic delicious pizza heaven.
5	THE best pizza EVER!The pizza here was equally good sober or drunk! The crust is super thin while the ingredients were as fresh as they could be.  I know what you're thinking... its just pizza! But this has got to be the tastiest pizza on the west side!I make sure I get some pizza at the Cosmo every Vegas trip!
4	You know, this place is good, but....if one were to believe the reviews here, it would seem as though glorious slices of heaven were handed down from Mount Olympus by radiant angels making water from wine with flour, yeast and pepperoni as someone hands their money over the counter.It's good....and it was fun to check in here...but it's not the BEST PIZZA EVER!!!That said, if you're walking on the strip towards the city center and feeling a hankering for some very tasty pie, walk into this casino and look for that tube-style elevator near the back quarter of the casino floor.  It will, once one completes the journey to the 4th floor, deposit you mere feet from the unmarked entrance of this really nifty find.I wonder, given the success the whole lets-make-it-a-treasure-hunt sort of thing, if other casinos will start to hide random businesses in the nooks of their properties?
5	After reading a review we decided to check this place out- as most have mentioned it's down a hallway with no signs-when we first got there nobody was in the place and the staff was in the back. but then fernando came out to help us. he was truly passionate about his workplace and the product. we ended up trying 4 different slices and they were all good-The crust was what made it so good, It's nice you can go into a top notch hotel(the Cosmopolitan is beautiful) and get a meal with a beer for under $20.  I hope they don't get too popular.............
3	After reading all the fab reviews on this place I made it a mission to go on a super secret pizza hunt. NY style pizza? with how much I have been missing my home lately I needed to get my crack pizza fix. After walking all around, hunting, and putting my super pizza senses to work my friend and I found this place. 3rd floor. hidden back with a walk along vintage album covers. I am giving it a star for all the top secret pizza business going on, but to be honest I was let down with the pizza. The employees were eh and after waiting and looking at each other for a few minutes they asked if we needed any help. I ordered the margarita pizza while my friend just had the cheese. It was thin like nyc, but very hard. I had to work to fold my pizza. (yes, i am a folder. stop judging me las vegas.) i'm use to my pizza being so hot that it burns the roof of my mouth leaving me with a reminder for days of that glorious pizza i consumed days before. This one was warm but not hot. It lacked a certain flavor, but I couldn't put my finger on what. My friend said his basic cheese slice tasted no different then sbarro's, I was mad at myself for paying 4 bucks for this slice, but what can ya do?the hunt was fun and maybe this would be good pizza after an evening of drinking inside the cosmo, but coming from a new yorker this is not new york style pizza.sorry super secret pizzeria, but you didn't win over my heart.
5	what?! this place has a name?! i thought it was just PIZZA... like on the menu. haha...all that aside.. this place is AAWWWEEESOOOMMMMME!! again if you read my previous posts, i am not a huge fan of pizza. but i ate here three times while in vegas. hehehheheh....the prices are the bombdotcom --- where else on the vegas strip are you gonna have an amazing slice for such a great price!?!?! we had a whole pie with tomatoes and ricotta cheese. and it was sooooooo good. the sauce was light and flavourful. the toppings very fresh. crust was perfect!!i love that this place was on the main restaurant floor of the cosmopolitan.. floor three. unassuming... long hallway covered in old rat pack album covers and the like.. vegas pinball machine, simple decor. loved the paper plates and red dixie cups too. can't wait to go back!
5	Apparently it's easier to find than I thought it'd be, my friends weren't even looking for it and found it. I was looking for it and probably passed the hall 3 times without going down it.I finally found it after a late night hanging out at Book & Stage Lounge, I don't know if it was because it was 3:00 in the morning, I had 3 bourbons in me, or I hadn't eaten since 7pm the night before. But the pizza was heaven, I went for good old plain cheese, it's the easiest way to tell if its really good pizza, cuz it can stand on its own. Gooey, cheesy, nice sheen of grease over the top, crust was good for being in Las Vegas. prices were excellent. The staff was fun and friendly.  The "pizza man" scolded my hubby for picking up the pepper shaker before trying the pizza, I swear his accent was fake but he was entertaining, made the wait in line easier.I can't wait to go back. If thye keep up the good work I may not get as home sick for the east coast.
5	There is not much to say about this place that has not yet been said, so I will just note that I went here twice in one day for $3 cheese pizza and it was excellent. I would go three times in one day if I could. My friends from out of town (Texas and England) seemed to want to eat non-pizza food, though. I don't know what's wrong with them.The only downside is the serious lack of seating (six seats) but the Cosmopolitan has seating EVERYWHERE. We had drinks in the Chandelier beforehand, which I highly recommend.
5	Get ready to wait in line for a few minutes on a Sat night. Very new York style.  Loved the Pizza.  specialy the all cheese pizza, it was delicious.   If you love thin crust, you will appreciate this pizza.  My husband and I are a fan of this place and we are looking forward to having it again everytime we are in Vegas.  reasonable price.ps. i cant believe the location!!! No marketing no signs.  Its a whole in a wall place in a really nice hotel! ....its Cosmo's best kept secret.
4	Truthfully, the pizza is only worthy of 3 stars but the rest of the experience gave it that extra star.  Don't get me wrong, the pizza slices are large NY style and are pretty tasty, especially for the Vegas Strip but they aren't all that amazing either.  However, it was fun finding the place and walking through the hall of record covers and listening to the amusing pizza chef with the thick accent yelling "pow! pow!" as he waxed poetic about his white cheese with ricotta and cold slices of tomato pizza which he dubbed the "waiting for the sunset" pizza.  It's a great place to grab a cheap late night meal if you don't feel like leaving the hotel.  Free refills on soda is a big plus as well!
2	If you're lucky enough for the guy behind the counter to remember your order, then remember to make your pizza after having to remind him twice and then have the time to wait over an hour for you pizza, then you may like this sort of place.Don't get me wrong - the pizza here is pretty good, but if you come here on a busy night, don't be too shocked if the above scenario happens to you.After an hour of waiting for my pie, I inquired with the gregarious guy behind the counter (who encouraged me to order a whole pizza in the first place) as to its status.  He then said something to the guy making the pizza, but 15 minutes later, still nothing.  I then decided to cut through the middleman and ask the guy making the pies myself.  I then saw him take a plain cheese that had been sitting out for about 10 minutes and throw some toppings on it and then into the oven.  After waiting for that long, I didn't care that my pizza wasn't even fresh, but the icing on the cake was that they didn't even get my order right.  There was a guy in front of me whose order was messed up too.  Honestly, if I hadn't already paid, I would've left or if I hadn't already left a 20+% tip, I would've left nothing (and I've never left nothing!).Try to avoid coming here on busy nights.  Otherwise, good luck.
3	Don't let the three star rating fool you-this place has life-changing pizza. The kind you have dreams about. The kind that you tell your out of town friends to make trips for. The kind that you wait in 45+ minute lines for. Life. Changing. Pizza. I will happily drive out of my way, fight rush hour traffic and wait in a 30 person-deep line for this pizza because it is THAT good.I knocked two stars off because of the wait, which was due mostly to the fact that the staff had their buddies running back and getting special made orders and walking out past the line waving their fresh slices in front of a line full of hungry people whose blood sugar levels were ranging on a scale from straight delirium to I-will-stab-you-and-eat-your-pizza-before-I-call-an-ambulance. Several times, hoodlums of all sorts, waltzed past the line, through the back door, distracted the pizza makers from um, making pizza, by chit chatting and putting in special orders all the while the rest of us stood in line, trying to show some restraint and not walk out or commit homicide. It was completely rude and disrespectful to the patrons and this definitely tarnished my experience.However, if you're lucky enough to cross paths with Nico (from other reviews, I'm guessing this is the person who runs the joint) once you get to the front of the line, he turns on the charm and temporarily makes you forget that you're moments away from eating your own fingers. I got a slice of plain cheese and  white pizza out of necessity because those would be the fastest to put together and he suggested I put some tomato on the white pizza. Good choice-the tomato had such good flavor and tasted in season.Overall, this pizza will blow your mind grapes, but might be best to check this place out with a snack pack on you or go during the off hours (if there is such a time for this place, which I doubt there is).
5	This was a hidden hideaway but while serving quality pizza with personality it has become quite famous.  I first stopped in due to pure rumor of deliciousness and was led there by its intoxicating aroma. When you first walk in you'll be greeted by a staff that makes the word gregarious seem modest but they have an obvious passion for pizza making and their quality ingredients.  What I was most impressed with is the made to order style and due to my dairy allergy they were able to make a "Red" pizza with all the toppings and still very satisfying.  A key thing to remember is you better hit up the ATM after an evening out since this is cash only and be prepared to wait if you're asking for something fresh and made to order.  I can see myself and many others considering this place the "happy ending" to many future nights at the Cosmopolitan.
5	If a restaurant is good, then the word spreads like wildfire. The secret pizzeria in Cosmopolitan is no exception. In two days, I have overheard about this place from a complete stranger while waiting in line at another restaurant, read the stellar reviews on Yelp, and today, heard about it on a morning radio show. I knew I had to try this place ASAP.Lucky for me, I work on the Strip so my co-workers and I went during lunch. Good thing I did my research or we would've never found the place. It was like a treasure hunt... third floor, next to Blue Ribbon Sushi, down a secret hallway lined with album covers... and there it was!Once I saw the white pizza come out fresh from the oven, I knew I wanted a slice of it before even hearing what's on it. A slice of the white pizza and a soda cost $7. Not too shabby at all.The pizza was heavenly. The crust had the right amount of crispiness, garlic and cheesiness. I'm usually not a crust eater but I devoured every last bite. I seriously considered buying a whole box but didn't want to share with the whole office.The real test was when I brought back a slice of cheese pizza to my co-worker, who is a New Yorker, and is very critical about restaurants that claim to have "authentic New York pizza." He said the pizza was "pretty damn good." I'm pretty sure you'll find me here at least once a week for lunch. Maybe dinner too!
5	another big thank you to yelp for helping me find out about this 'secret' pizza spot at the cosmopolitan! after more than a few drinks down at the Book & Stage, wandered upstairs and found the unmarked hallway next to Blue Ribbon Sushi to the Pizzeria. 1 large pizza plus 4 PBRs = $34 and lots of yummy goodness haha. i got a half supreme/half pepperoni pizza and shared with 3 others, this was a perfect way to end the night. the pizza was freshly made and piping hot, thin crust, greasy and super tasty. i cannot wait to go back to the cosmopolitan just for the pizza alone!
4	Great new york style pizza. Some of the toppings are not what you expect. The sausage and meatball are actually shaved which gives it a nice consistency. Before they serve your pizza, they give it a toast which makes the thin crust crispy. Real nice.
2	The pizza was okay. Not the best I've had. I prefer Biaggio's on Flamingo / Fort Apache. The chef there can make a MUCH better NY style pizza. The pizzeria @ Cosmo was over priced for the quality and lack of personality in the food. Biaggio's is a much better pick if youre going for italian - family owned, home made recipes, people that actually CARE if you like their food. You dont get that at a pizzeria in a casino. I dont care what you say...
5	I like hide and seek and here is a place I think I could hide forever without being found AND they have pizza! Perfect! My girlfriends had never been in here before so I took them to the secret location and they were already in a trance by all the vintage album covers lining the wall. Once inside we discover we are the only girls so that always helps. The guys working behind the counter were down to earth and super sweet. I ordered the slice of white pizza and they put a cold tomato on it once it comes out of the oven. The pizza guy was real cool so I think the slice was around $3 and I tipped him $7. As I am approaching cougar age I find I tip younger guys more.....First sign of a cougar, maybe? Shhh. Let's not talk about it. Back to the pie. Hot damn that was good. I could have pounded down four more slices easily. The garlic, the cheese and the contrast of the cold tomato worked wonders in my mouth. I also tried a bite of the cheese slice with red sauce. Also dynamite. I'm hooked on this place. I have spent big bucks on a couple of  Cosmo's fine dining restaurants and I have to say the best meal I have had came from the secret pizza place.... I will be back. Oh yes, I will be back.
2	I was looking forward to finding and eating at this place based on the reviews I've red on yelp.  Unfortunately, I was a little disappointed.  I had a pepperoni and sausage pizza slice and another slice that had meatballs, sausage, green peppers, and olives.  The latter was recommended by one of the workers there.  The pepperoni and sausage pizza was ok.  The other slice didn't really have much taste.  I had an oily film-like taste on my tongue that I couldn't wash down with Coke, but went away after 45 minutes.  haha.This place is designed to be like a small pizza joint with a couple TVs to watch sports.  They just had a few side tables with 5 barstools.  If it gets a little busy, you just have to find space and stand. The only cool thing about this place was that it was hidden and had an interesting time finding this place.  Note, it didn't take long after asking the concierge.  =)As a local, it wasn't worth going to the Strip just to go to this place.  Factor in the Strip prices for food, I would not go back to this place, unfortunately. Grimaldi's is still the best in my opinion.
4	Mmmm. Reminds me of the pizza back in NYC, where I'm from. And I have high standards when it comes to pizza!The first time we passed by, it was about 1am and the line was wrapped down the hallway and around the pool table. We went back the next day for a quick bite after some shopping and we were glad we did.  I'll definitely be back for more, as most of the pizza in Vegas is inedible.
5	Awesome pizza but long lines. My friend and I waited around 1pm and it took about 15-20 minutes to get our pizza with 3 people in front of us. The guy was also busy making pizza for a large group order. It was cool to see the guy making pizza. He didn't toss the dough. He just flatten and pushed out. The pizza was really good. Crisp pepperoni surrounded by oozing cheese and perfectly seasoned sauce on a crispy crust. Delicious! Another friend went at 1am and it took almost an hour for him to get a slice of pizza. He didn't care for the pizza too much. It's about $3/slice for cheese and $3.50/slice for one topping.  Great price for dining. Limited seats inside but a lot more outside.
5	I almost don't want to write a review so people don't find out about this place, but people are finding out anyway. Sigh.The pizza here is awesome. Maybe it's the long night of dancing and drinking, but the pizza totally hits my spot. The line was long at 2 a.m. but sooo worth it. The guy making the pizza looks like he loves his job. He was putting on a show for everyone! Huge slices for $3-3.50. I don't even think they charged me for a drink now that I'm thinking about it... I love that they have garlic powder in addition to crushed red peppers and parmasean. YUMMY. If you see the pool tables and giant dice, you know you're closeby!If you have a sweet tooth, they also sell cheesecake. A big fat slice of creamy, hearty cheesecake.
5	Wanting to avoid the long lines post-clubbing, we actually came here around noon on a Sunday where most would be at a buffet brunch. There were only a couple other people there already eating so no wait :DWhen you get to the 3rd floor, just hang a right and look for an alley where the end has a pinball machine. That's it.We got the infamous White Pizza with mozzarella and ricotta cheese slice for $3 ish. Wow. Put some garlic powder and some chili flakes on it. Woooooooooooooo. Affordable, delicious, and unheard of in a swanky hotel like Cosmopolitan.Even the crust was good and I don't even like crust. *thumbs up*
4	Thanks to Yelp, I found out about this place. Although it's not my favorite pizza in all of Las Vegas, it's my favorite pizza anywhere on the Strip.  Very good quality cheese, very thin crust, just wish the sauce was slightly more flavorful.  It's very difficult to find this NY style pizza in southern Nevada.  Many reviewers made note of the white cheese, and that looked sooooo good also, but I got 2 regular cheese slices.  Next time, I'll try the white cheese slices.
3	Good NY slices!The Cosmopoliton is the business!  I love everything about it, from the dazzling decor to the upscale yet unpretentious shiek of the restaurants and bars.  Pizzeria is a playful take on a typical NY pizza shop.  Records line the hallway leading to the small store.  There are a few seats, but really this is a "stand up and enjoy your friggin' pizza" type experience.The pizza is good not great, and a bit expensive for a NY slice, but about what you'd expect from a nice hotel on the strip.  If you're looking to soak up some of the liquor in your system late night, get ready for a line.  Stop in for a slice before a night of drankin'
5	This place is extremely hard to find but totally worth it at any time of the day.  Delicious NY-style pizza.  The recipes apparently are the culmination of three chef's passion for pizza and it shows. I had the meat lovers and two slices of the White Pizza.  TOTALLY worth the trip.
5	Pizza was not my favorite food but since everybody talking about this palce I wnat to try. If you're not pay attention you can pass by this place easily.Pie size was big for us so me and Jieun L picked 3 different kinds of pizza slices, White pizza, Mushroom pizza, and Jalepino  pepper with sliced sausage pizza. I liked white pizza and mushroom pizza. Also, you can create your own pizza. Crust was thin and crispy, cheese was melting so nicely in my mouth. I want to know how they're make tomato sauce. While you're wating for your order you can see how they are make your pizza, it was one of interesting part. It's fresh, crispy, and nice pizza ever.I will try again soon.
5	The secret Pizza Kitchen...  the perfect spot after a hot mess of a night at Marquee.  I love their thin crust pizza.  Definitely a must try after a lot of drinking... and is probably just as good when you're sober too.
3	I retain my three star rating solely on the pizza. Went back on a slow day and customer service was again, questionable.Edit: I think the first statement of this updated review may confuse some- the pizza here isn't three stars, it's certainly five. I give the place as a whole a three because of the spotty customer service.
5	Delicious pizza... ask for the white pizza with ricotta and tomatoes (the italian sunrise) Super cheap late night spot or after a day of bad gambling! The guy Niko is a character. Will def. be stopping back here next time!
5	I am in no way a pizza connoisseur.  You can probably compare my palate for pizza to pure vanilla; I'll eat any toppings, eat any style crust, order delivery or sit in a restaurant...in the end, most of it is just pizza to me.  So in my book, you've created something special when you stand out above the rest.Now just because I'll eat anything on a pizza doesn't mean I don't have some preference.  I'm always happy with sausage and mushroom on my pie.  During my first visit my buddy and I ordered a sausage, mushroom and ricotta pizza.  This...was...divine (to quote a fellow yelper).  It is a New York styled pizza, a bit light on the sauce, thin and droopy if not folded in half, and has this magical crust that remains soft on the inside and has a bit of crunch on the outside.  Note that I said New York styled; I've never been to New York or had their pizza, so I can't say if it's real or not!  What I do know is that my taste buds screamed for more pizza after that scalding first bite (guys never learn, do they?).  On my second visit I placed two orders, a sausage, ricotta and garlic pizza; and a slice of mushroom and cheese to hold me over until our personalized pie was done.  I will say this: if you order one of the premade slices that is already sitting out, you're in for a lot more crunch than if you order a whole new fresh pie.  So bring a friend or two and go for fresh, if want that easy foldable pizza.Another thing to note is that on my first visit, the chefs were cutting up actual sausage links for our pizza (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=ZT3AiU5KP2xY-mJsXmNZnQ).  Not so on the second visit  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=NBkD80-Yb6ykjKGuQctSoA).All in all this has become my favorite pizza place in Vegas, one that I perpetually crave for (What?  Can't you go for some pizza at any given moment?)  No doubt about it, this is a repeat eat!
1	Cardboard crust, canned sauce. Nothing special. But if you're starving and only have $2 in your pocket, this will tide you over. Nothing more.
4	Yummy pizza for reasonable prices! Thank you fellow Yelper for finding this hidden gem....literally! :) ~$3 - $5 per piece. ~$17 and up for whole pies. We got the pepperoni, mushroom and meatball pizza for ~$23. There were 10 big slices. Mos def worth it!
5	Maybe I wasn't in the clearest state of mind, but I know that when I started eating the pizza it was delicious. We tried going to this place one night and the line was crazy crowded. Luckily in the same trip we decided to check it out again and this time there was almost no line. I didn't see a menu so I just looked at what pizzas they had available. I opted for the pepperoni/sausage slice. From what others said, they usually pop it back in the oven for a quick reheat, but I think with the turnover and how quickly people were coming, the pizza was still fresh out of the oven and didn't need a reheat. This place makes no sense. There is no sign and the hallway is super long. They even have like a pinball machine? Totally doesn't fit the lavishness of cosmo either. It was like 3-4 dollars a slice and served on weak paper plates. Although a bit greasy, it was really good. Totally hit the spot and even though I wasn't hungry, I really wanted to get another slice. We ate right outside the pizza joint because it was too small and crowded inside.
3	What's the big deal? It's just thin-crust pizza. The pizza is pre-made if you order by the slice. It's $3 for cheese and a little more for toppings. In Vegas pricing its a great deal but then they get you on the soda - also $3. There is nothing original and the sauce comes from a can. If I'm in the area, and I'm looking for a quick bite, I might come back. But I am not trekking all the way over here from the Venetian again.
4	After a night out, this pizza really hits the spot. It starts with a really good base of freshness, a kick-ass sauce, and good cheese. I got a pepperoni and I wanted a whole pie after trying a slice.My only issue is that this place while super-delicious, the pizza is on the greasy side. It's a little rich and fatty. Also, I had streaks of oil dripping down my wrist, so be careful if you're in your nice clubbing clothes.4.5 Stars.
3	The pizza had too much cheese.  What this place has going for it is it is relatively inexpensive and casual in a city that is over the top.  I think if people were sober, they would not like the pizza as much.
5	i am so excited that i finally finally got to go the secret pizza place!!!!! it was completely worth the wait! omg it was so much fun and so good. the place was a little hard to find, as it wasnt marked and is in a teeny hallway but the vibe in there was really cool. super small with arcade games like galaga and pinball machines. the people were really friendly and accomodating.the pizza was amazing. i got hte white pizza that everyone is talking about. perfectly sauced. not too much. tasted fresh and not cardboard-y. fresh veggies on the pizza. they also serve alcohol wc is so smart and such a big plus.these guys will definitely make sooooo much money serving pizza to drunk club goers on the weekends. and pizza taste even better when u just got out of the club all sweaty and tired and drunk and hungry. i also saw people who worked at cosmo getting pizza here after their shifts.overall an amazing time at a really fresh "off the beaten path"  pizza joint.
5	What's better than being drunk AND eating pizza? NOTHING. Exactly, my thoughts!What makes it more fun is that it's known as "secret pizza" and it's like $4 a slice. Dude, $4 isn't even gonna get you water in Marquee!The guys in there are hilarious always chatting up the folks, drunk or sober.One of 'em even told me the story of why they call the white pizza, "the sunset.." Let it be known that the cheese are the clouds and the tomatoes in the middle are the sunset...So romantic *blushing*Even though mushrooms are my favorite pizza, I really love their white pizza. And all it is is cheese, sauce, and tomatoes. It's sooooo simple and yet, oooohhh so good.In fact, I was debating on writing this review because I don't wanna tooo many people to crowd my fave food spot in Cosmo. But, this was too good not to share!
4	They are located down an inconspicuous hallway right next to Blue Ribbon Sushi. The hallway is covered in really cool old Italian records.The prices are totally reasonable, and the pizza was great. I had a slice of the white pizza, and my husband had a slice of the  sausage pizza & the pepperoni. All three were delicious. Super thin crust, tasty toppings, and they heat it up for you, so the cheese is extra melty.There are not a lot of places to sit, but it just adds to the big city, pizzeria atmosphere that it seems they are trying to create.  The staff was really friendly also.  It is definitely worth checking out while you are in Vegas.
3	Haha... the not so secret "secret pizza" joint.So there are no signs for this restaurant... it's just down a dark hallway located between 2 other restaurants. All of the workers are from New York so the pizza is definitely NY style pizza. This place is open late and is very inexpensive. You can have a made to order slice of pizza... so whatever you're craving for in the middle of the night... it's yours.I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but if you're staying in the hotel or leaving the Marquee Nightclub, you should stop by.
2	$42 for a whole pie?! Some expensive pizza,.. My coworkers and I were informed about a secret pizza joint in the cosmopolitan,. so after work, we went on a search.. for the NEW YORK STYLE PIZZA place joint.I was expecting a fancy sit down restaurant,. but the location was found in between some wooden doors and down the hall,. a regular TOGO pizza joint.  Felt like I was in a sub way,. but I think thats the atmosphere they were trying to create, with ping pong tables and black/white tiles on the wall. The cashier didn't really sell me on the toppings,. and kept saying they were out of toppings,. like onions,. and when I asked to be charged on two seperate credit cards,. they charged it all on one card,.. great how can I report this to accounting?! I mean we are each indivdually on VISA GIFT CARD limits on this work trip!I def should have ordered by the slice, it would have been a lot cheaper.This place is overhyped,. I've had better pizza,.. and if you come,.  order by the slice,. cause it would be so much cheaper,. WE HAD A WHOLE pizza left over,. that we left at the bar!
5	I love secret places...and the pizza was delicious! The staff was friendly and attentive!! I'll be in for a slice every time I'm here!!
5	The pizza tastes much better than it looks (the pictures and even the look of the pizza when you order it does not do it justice).  From the pictures on Yelp and even up to the moment where I was standing in line ordering the pizza, I thought to myself, "meh."  Kristin C. raved about the pizza while we were eating lunch at the Cosmopolitan and my boyfriend and I were a bit skeptical that pizza could be THAT good.  Well, we ate our words later that night.After catching a show at a neighboring casino, my boyfriend and I cabbed it to the Cosmopolitan to meet up with everyone who was at Marquee enjoying Kaskade.  Unfortunately, we never met up - but fortunately, I had a really good slice of pizza! The crust is chewy and the tomato sauce is flavorful. AND, the pizza is relatively cheap for Vegas/Cosmopolitan prices (around $3/slice of cheese).  While we were standing in line for pizza, a FIGHT broke out! That's how crazy good the pizza is.  Take my word for it.The best part of enjoying the pizza? It's too small and cramped to eat inside the actual Pizzeria, so venture outside and people watch.  Not only was Kaskade djing at Marquee that night, but the Strokes had played a show at the Cosmopolitan.  My boyfriend and I played a fun game of "Marquee line reject or Strokes fan?"  Surprisingly not as easy as you think! Platinum blonde, short mini dress, stripper heels and CHEST TATTOO. Marquee line reject or Strokes fan??? YOU TELL ME!
5	This pizza is the best option outside of New York.  The "Speakeasy" style of the joint (accessed through an unmarked hallway next to Blue Ribbon) adds a bit to the experience, but the pizza....I went back twice during a three day trip.  A couple of slices will cure any hangover, munchie attack, or longing for NY.  Hanging out in the restaurant could prove to be a bit cramped, so unless you are open to eating standing up look for other options.  We took our slices out to the game area of the Cosmo which provided great people watching, access to scrabble, pool table, and comfortable lounging.Definately check this place out!
4	The only reason I found this place was because of Yelp. It is not listed in any of the free directories you get or even on the directories at the Cosmopolitan! Like the other reviews said down a hallway lined with record covers to the left of the sushi place. For about $4 a slice it is pretty reasonable. It is NY style pizza so it's large and thin. I thought it was okay, not the best but for the price in Vegas makes it a lot better. They do charge you just as much for a red solo cup for pop which is a little ridiculous, but I guess anywhere for drinks is pretty pricey for the most part.If you're in the neighborhood I would stop by but wouldn't recommend going out of your way to find this place as I saw lots of equally delicious looking pizzas on the Strip.
4	Fresh toppings and decent pizza dough.  Perfect when most other places are closed.  Beer is served too.
3	Good place for a quick and cheep slice. nothing that special, but would get a drunk slice again.
4	Fresh toppings and decent pizza dough.  Perfect when most other places are closed.  Beer is served too.
4	Great slice, charismatic staff, awesome prices.
3	Pizza goodSpace BAD.I heard about this place on yelp, so I wanted to check it out. I have been to the cosmo twice already and never seen this place, so I had to ask around, and they pointed me toward a long hallway all hidden in the back. So it being hidden doesn't seem it gets a lot of customers, but I guess from the reviews it's doing good. No menu, so you just have to look at the pizza and decide. This place is crazy small. It might fit 15 people. Only like five seats so it's a race to find one. I stood up and ate my pizza because I didn't want to walk around cosmo trying to find a place to sit. The pizza was pleasant, nothing bad about it. Trash cans are full, so napkins are stacked high.It seems like only two guys are running this place so it's hard. The prices are the same everywhere in Vegas, so I am use to the 3 dollar bottle of water and the 4 dollar slice of pizza.
3	Dear West Coaster,You judge the tacos. We judge the pizza.Sincerely,East CoasterPS--Crust was good....but the oil slick is still fresh in my mouth.
5	Great place hidden on the 3rd floor of the cosmopolitan near the Pool and board game area, you can find it my going down the small hallway with album covers adorning the walls. Very low key old school vibe, reinforced by the pinball machine and old school arcade machine. The pizza here is great, if your planning on feeding 3 or more people (or two very hungry people) I would recommend just buying an entire pizza, they make it right in front of you and is way more cost effective. The service and attitude of the employees is great, which is good because of the six times I went there, I was drunk twice and DRUNK once and they still put up with me. They have a small beer selection as well which consists of PBR (yuck) and dogfishhead IPA (yum), and I believe their menu even has a entry that says "slice and a beer" or something to that nature.Overall, a great place to start or a end a long night.
5	BEST PIZZA I HAD SINCE NY! HANDS DOWN!ooooooooooomg...so my friend and i checked into cosmo on friday and got invited to the NCAA march madness event (w/ free food and drinks) we munched and drank away...at around 9:30 pm we got hungry, but were not in the mood for a sit down (alcohol does that to you...sigh lol) so i thought of this pizza place everyone was raving about. i asked an employee where this famous pizza place was and he leaded me the way....to pizza heaven lol.it's on the 3rd floor right next to blue ribbon sushi...in a hallway. it's tiny and you can walk right past it and never realize what amazingness you just missed out on we walked in and it was so cute! it's very small probably can fit max 20 people. i got the mushroom/sausage pizza and my friend go tthe ricotta/garlic/mozzarella pizza. it was SOOOO GOOD totally brought back memories of NY esp the seating: most of it is standing and leaning on a table LOVE IT! it was so good i came back the next evening...what can i say i love pizza when i'm buzzed :] you should check it out! best pizza in town (i would even say on the west coast) and it's super cheap! $3.50 a slice? for dining in LV that's pennies...check it out you'll be so thankful you did!
5	DELIGHTFUL.Had the 'white' pizza - it was fantastic. Wanted to try the other pizzas, too, but the slice was simply serving as an appetizer before dining at Holsteins (yup, fatty alert). The pizza had a fantastic crust, flavorful yet not overpowering toppings and a great price tag. Next time I return I will make sure I'm able to eat more than just one slice!
5	Possibly the best meatball pizza here in Vegas, I would go back just for another slice of it.  Not horrible price wise, but it's not dirt cheap either.  I had a slice of meat lovers pizza and a slice of the mushroom pizza (meh) and a root beer for $11.75, so you can ballpark it from there.  It's awesome quality pizza, with a thin yet crispy crust that actually holds up pretty well.  It's really standing room at counters only, but you can find a few stools to sit on, and it's cool that they have an old school pinball machine and an old video game machine too.
4	Delicious and something to be said about the thrill of the chase! Great crust, great cheese, sauce is not bad but not great, but all in all very recommended!
5	What a fantastic little place! I love the fact that it is hidden away - you definitely need to know what you are hunting for. And I love all of the old record albums that line the walls and ceiling as you walk in. It's the perfect tiny pizza eatery.What was the best was the pizza. Yelp had built it up so much that I was a bit nervous. But one bite of my slice of cheese pizza and I was instantly transported back to my days at NYU. It was the perfect slice of NY-style pizza. So hot it burned the roof of my mouth. So greasy that I went through way too many napkins. So big I did the fold maneuver.And major props for having beer too. Just two handles - Pabst and a Dogfish Head (I didn't see which one). Totally awesome that they have Dogfish Head.And big ups for having plastic forks and knives available. For this first try, I had to eat with my hands and be all authentic. But typically, I am a knife and fork girl, so I appreciate it when casual eateries with "hand food" also have the proper utensils for those who want them.Great staff, great food, and great overall vibe (loved the feel, the music, etc.). I will definitely be back,
4	Had the white pizza and it was heaven! super thin and floppy just how I like it....yum!
4	Pretty amazing, i must say. Slices are huge, and tastes like it just came off a flight from NYC. Service is okay. A couple of the emp's aren't so nice. But overall, this pizza is definitely legitimate.
5	This place is AMAZING!!!!!! I can't believe this pizzeria is hidden at the cosmopolitan! After eating such expensive lunches/dinners at the strip, it was definitely refreshing to find a pizza place for $3 per slice! I mean it's still pretty pricey but hey - it's vegas! But the pizza was amazing and delicious! I ordered two slices and I thought it wouldn't fill me up, I was wrong! The slices are pretty big and it fills you up quickly! The place is nothing fancy and there are barely any chairs in the restaurant. They pretty much warm up your pizza and serve 'em on paper plates. The drinks are uber expensive though, I think 3 bucks for a cup of soda or whatnot. It's also all kinds of shocking that this pizzeria is tucked away at the Cosmopolitan Hotel and it's on the 3rd floor. Next time I visit vegas, I will definitely have to stop in here for some pizza!I can definitely see why this place is rated 4.5 on YELP.The atmosphere is very chilled/relax. There's even a pinball machine for you to play a game while you wait for your pizza. You definitely have to stop by if you have never tried this place before!
5	This place has limited seating but who cares! The pizzas here are so good, I'll just stand if I have to! It's like in a hidden spot; through a short hallway as far as I can remember.
3	I finally got around to checking out the Cosmopolitan last weekend.I had seen the reviews for the secret pizzeria, and knew I definitely wanted to try it. We ordered a slice of pepperoni and sausage and a slice of tomato, basil, and ricotta pizza. The pizza was okay, but definitely not as good as I was hoping for.
4	Tasty pizza. No thrills. Just pizza! I wanted to call ahead a whole pie order but was unable to get thru. That kinda sucked. A Yelper was complaining about the price of a pie being $40.00, not sure how many toppings she ordered, but when I asked how much a pie is the cute girl said it starts with a cheese pizza at $18.50 and each additional topping is $2.50 (PLEASE DON'T QUOTE THOSE EXACT numbers). The price is typical for a pizza shop, not Pizza Hut, not Little Casears, this isn't generic pizza.
3	If you want to feel like a Vegas baller without spending a fortune, spend some time at the GORGEOUS Cosmopolitan hotel, check out the amazing shops and grab a slice of two of pizza at the Pizzeria. While it's certainly not the best pizza I've ever had, it's quick, cheap, and an entire group of friends from vegetarians to meat lovers can carbo load before a night of heavy drinking.
4	I LOVE pizza, so when I heard that there was a "secret" pizza place at the Cosmopolitan- I had to try it.  Of course, it isn't so secret anymore, but it is hidden.  I knew what I was looking for, but still walked right past the hallway leading to the deliciousness. There is no menu, no prices listed.  You just look at the topping selection and create your pizza pie, or order by the slice from the selection laid out.  We ordered a whole pizza (half white with an amazing garlic spread and the other half  was pepperoni, mushroom, onion, and bell peppers).  We waited a while for it because there seemed to be only 1 worker at the time who was assisting other patrons at the same time he was building our pizza.  But, that was OK, because there was a pinball machine to keep me entertained while I waited.  And it was well worth the wait. It totally hit the spot.
4	Holy little baby Jesus! This place is awesome! Ridiculously good. Awesome decor. Now... the only problem is finding it. But I think that may be a good thing lest it be overrun by drunk hillbilly's with giant blenders of frozen goop.
5	Difficult to find, but definitely worth the search. Best pizza in Vegas, easily comparable to NYC. I LOVE the white pizza. $3/slice. $3.5 for 1 topping. $4 for two toppings.  Great Vegas hole in the wall on the strip.
4	After reading other yelp reviews on this place I decided to head down after work.true to what other yelpers gave stated, it is difficult to find.I decided to try the white pizza, which has no sauce and has garlic and ricotta cheese. chatted up the cute redhead cashier who's name I did not catch(hi, if you're reading this) and enjoyed my slice.the slice was greasy as hell and tasted good. it definitely is worth a repeat though.
4	Down a hidden hallway at The Cosmopolitan hotel in Las Vegas, with records covers lining every each of it, tucked away is this secret pizzeria. A secret pizzeria that isn't too secret anymore. No menus, no prices, just pizza slices and toppings to choose from to create your own pizza.Its a small place, with a NY feel, a few bar stools, a pinball machine, another video game and delicious pizza!Next time I am in Vegas and have a craving for pizza, I will definitely come back!
5	So far this is the best pizza I've ever had.  I really like thin crust NY style and this is definitely it.The place can be found on the third floor of The Cosmopolitan Hotel, right by the exit from Marquee.The best IMO is the white pizza...I tried the mushroom and it was just OK.  It's $4 a slice which is reasonable, if you think it's a rip-off what the hell are you doing at the Cosmo in the first place??
5	Just because you hide something and people have to look for it  doesn't make it superior to everything else; that being said this is some fantastic pizza and the prices are right!The Pizza: Delicious Giant Slices of Wonderment. However, don't be fooled into thinking you don't have options. They have pizza available that's already out and on display, but things are coming out of the oven all the time and they will add extra toppings to their slices for you. Also everything tastes better with Dogfish Head IPAs. (Which is a beer if you're curious).Not hard to find if you're looking for it, but you're not going to know it's an establishment if you don't. Tiny little place, no room for seating unless you count the top of the pristine Galaga Machine or go when one of the five seats aren't taken. This place is probably to be avoided if you hate lines or crowds and you go during peak.I got out of there for $15 bucks: Two Giant Slices and a Dogfish Head. This is a great deal on the strip. Also as a bonus: the girl at the cash register was crazy hot. According to my friends, I of course am not in the habit of oogling random females; they are the childish barbarians.TL;DR:Cons: No Seating. Pizza arrangement vague. Only two kinds of beer.Pros: Lots of seating outside. Pizza is spectacular. Beer on tap includes the best of the worst (PBR) and Dogfish Head 60min (the best of the best).
4	Ok-I'm adding another star for redeemed customer service by the one girl who works there and has been at the register the past two times I've went. Leave it to a woman to get it right! She's super nice and friendly and gives great recommendations. We both agreed as fans of traditional red sauce pizza, the white pizza here will change your opinion about white pizza. Period. I like to get mine with tomato and sprinkle oregano on it (they have shakers all over the counters). I've yet to have a bad slice here, however if you eat like a four year old like myself, might I recommend wearing a napkin bib? The grease can be a little much and those stains don't come out of shirts. Pizzeria: I. LOVE. YOU.
5	This place is awesome! The pizza is fantastic and decently priced!Downside: No seats anywhere! We walked 2 miles to sit down and eat and found we had to order and wait in lobby. If you want a whole pizza, pre order and eat in the lobby or take it back to your room.I'm pretty sure cashier was stoned and had no clue what she was doing.Highly recommend for lunch or dinner- something quick and cheap and delicious!
5	It took a couple months but Finally was able to check out the Cosmo! Or more specifically the Hidden Pizza Shop.. *SSHHHHH..* Well, its not so secret anymore! It took me a while to find that hallway of glory and when I got to the end, there was a good sized line!! On top of that, they sold out of All their slices except for a few slices of: green bell pepper and mushroom. I was hungry and it was gonna take another 10-15 minutes for cheese and pepperoni.. What was worth the hunt and wait:Green Bell Pepper and Mushroom Slice: I never get this combination together but while waiting for the cheese and pepperoni slices bakin' in the deck oven, I decided to go with it. It was Really Good!! Meatless toppings but I liked it! Their dough was on the sweet side, held together just about to droop, with a slight chew. Cheese mild and just perfect. And sauce slightly tangy, just how I like it! Pepperoni Slice: One of the Best Slices I've had in Vegas! Their pepperoni here is spicy?! I ain't jumpin' on the band wagon.. This place was Really Impressive!
4	Simplicity is the best way to describe this place, nothing fancy, no flashing lights, just good New York style pizza and beer. This pizzeria is really cool, it is hidden on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan, there's no sign or anything, just a long hallway that leads to pizza heaven. They sell the pizza by the slice or you can buy a whole, there is a couple of beers on tap as well. Slices are decently sized and thin and very good. I was going to get a regular pepperoni pizza, however I was quite intrigued when I saw the ricotta cheese pizza. I wasn't sure if I would like the taste, so one of the employees was kind enough to let me try some of the ricotta to make sure that I would enjoy my slice of pizza. After trying the cheese and discovering how delicious it was I decided to give it a shot. I ordered a Pabst Blue Ribbon and a slice of the ricotta pizza, pizza and beer is always a good combo and the pizza did not disappoint. There is a counter, some seats, a couple arcades and televisions to keep up on the sports. Overall this a good place to stop by for a quick eat, and something very affordable without emptying your wallet like so many places in Vegas will leave you.
5	Best New York style pizza on the strip whether drunk or sober. Order the white pizza with tomato.
5	Third floor of the Cosmo. Across from the pool table you'll see a discreet hallway. If you peer through the hallway and see a red pinball machine, you've found yourself some bomb ass pizza.Don't worry about the toppings, it's not about the toppings here. It's about the crust and the sauce, both of which this little pizzeria knocks out of the park.The sauce on this pizza is perfectly seasoned, and there's just the right amount. But the best part is the hand-tossed crust. People usually like thin crust because it's crispy. People usually like pan crust because it's doughy. THIS crust manages to be crispy AND doughy. We figured that one large (10 slices) was enough to feed 5 of us (3 girls, 2 guys), but this pizza was so good that we had to order another large to go.The prices here are a bit steep ($4 for a 2-topping slice, $22 for a 3-topping large), but the premium price will definitely get you some premium pie.
4	Pizza was great (had the Margherita)!  The calamari was EXCELLENT!!!!!  Best calamari EVER!  Everytime I go to vegas I am getting the calamari!  EVERYTIME!!  The only thing I hated was the seating arrangement.  I like a place with a lot of booths.Service was great and drinks were nice and strong ;)
5	This place gets 5 stars just based on the fact that it oozes coolness and style.  This place is not listed on the cosmopolitan website and directories, there are no signs, and you have to go through a dark hallway in order to find it.  The only way to know about this place is pretty much by word of mouth.  Pretty ballsy move by Cosmopolitan, but it's working out pretty well for them.  It's a pretty solid piece of pizza.  I've never been to NYC and I can't tell you if this is authentic, but it looks and tastes how I'd imagine it to be like.  I got a white pizza with three different types of cheeses and I had it topped with roasted tomatoes and mushrooms.   It was delicious.  It's open pretty late, so if you need solid eats after partying and drinking around citycenter, then this should be your spot.
5	Next stop on the "cosmo food crawl " - the pizzeria. Next door to Jaleo - the secrecy of this place is obviously nonexistent ( 100 + reviews ) Simply put, this place ROCKS ! Ordered a slice of the white pizza ( ricotta with olive oil and major garlic ) and the pepperoni with meatball. add a diet coke and we're up to $11. While munching on the pizza we asked the busboy what a full pizza costs, " from $18 to about $30. " He gave us the number to call to order in advance . This place ain't too far from my office so one day i'll treat my office mates to some dang good pizza. I really love the crust and the pepperoni. The meatball gets a little lost in the spiciness of the peperoni but when i took a little slice of the meatball off the pizza and ate it separate - it's good. Great Place !
4	We looked all over the place and still didn't see anything that looked like a pizza place.  We finally had to ask, and I still didn't believe it until I turned the corner and saw the pizza ovens.  The long dark hall, framed on either side with old album covers was a bit nostalgic,  I could see a video game, one of those older arcade types, and a flat screen, but once inside and around the corner, a mall counter and several large pizza's laid before use  to choose our slice, pepperoni with meatball. It was reheated and not bad, it actually retained a good crust, not soggy at all.  We must have been there at just the right time because there wasn't a line, and only three other people around.  I had read there could be a long line and wait A definite must try kind of place.
5	This place is hidden on the second floor with no signs. Pizza is delicious and served on a paper plate. Drinks are served in a red cup. There is no listed menu or prices. It's plain, simple, and freaking awesome. It's the complete opposite of everything in the Cosmopolitan. No glitz, no glamor, just some good pizza.
4	Pizza is more like 3.5 stars but I'll upgrade it to 4 stars for the "coolness" factor of having absolutely no signage or advertising.  You just gottan know where the place is...through word of mouth or yelp I guess?The mushroom slice was just okay, although I did enjoy the cheese a lot.  It was the meat combo slice that won me over, however.  What a nice combination of flavors!  I would definitely get this again.Slices were $4 apiece which is okay I guess but don't you dare order a soda.  It comes in a plastic red cup filled with ice and they charge you $3.25 for it.  No thanks!
5	This is the perfect place to wander into after a long night, and all you want is a greasy pizza with the 1 dollar bills you have left in your pocket you purposely created from your $5.00 so you can play more penny slots. Instead of being left with those .16 cents ticket redemption stubs you can't even play, save those dollars to be spent in the rabbit hole- with no directory name or signs, the fun part is trying to find this place!But i'm not going to spoil your fun by telling you where this place is- but will give u one clue. If u see a pool table, you're warm. So warm, you will be burning the roof of your mouth in 5 minutes biting into that hot cheese. You've been warned.
4	If you want NY style pizza, find this place and order one.Classic NY style pizza, done quite well.  I prefer the straight cheese pizza, but their specialty is the "white" pizza, which is also very good.  takes about 20 minutes to get a pizza, or you can opt for a slice or two.  If it's after the clubs start closing down, who knows how long you'll be waiting. It's on the 3rd floor in a small hallway to the left of Jalio (or however its spelled).  Small place, basically stand and eat.  They do have Hipster brew on tap though.  Reasonable prices and great flavor. Also, the Cosmopolitan in general is probably the swankest place in Vegas right now.  I really dig it and it's a fun place to hang out.
5	Pizzeria at The Cosmopolitan nails my very favorite kind of pizza. It's slices as big as your head in New York fashion but the crust is thin and crispy the way I lurve it instead of doughy and chewy. I had my own slice of white pie that I gobbled up so fast Sir Nicholas barely had time to ask if he could have a bite to try it. But, he managed to squeeze in his request. And since he sampled a bite of my slice it was only fair he gave me a bit of his pepperoni, which I enjoyed just as much as my own.There are like 4 seats inside here so you're probably taking your pie somewhere else to eat it. But, you can play old school video games while you wait like Galaga so that's pretty sweet.They also sell a few beers and wines next to the sodas, but we went with Orange Fanta all the way when we stopped in for sustenance. People working here are fast and friendly and this is a great place to stop in for quick, easy eats before you head off to the next run of good fortune, shopping, or general merrymaking in Vegas.
4	We were having a party and got hungry so we headed down to grabbed some za! Got two large pizzas, a pepperoni and a sausage which came up to $40. We didn't wait too long for some fresh pie and was able to get it up back to the party in no time. They also hooked us up automatically with plates and seasonings without asking.The pie itself was pretty good. In particular the sauce did it for me and the crust is decent. My BF usually leaves crust, but I noticed he ate his too. Everyone at the party was happy and full so no complaints from everyone there as it hit the spot. However, I wouldn't say I would go to the strip for some pizza alone. It's something I would eat if I was here and couldn't be splurging on the higher end options on the property.
5	When I say Dive-y...well it's not really the best looking place in the Cosmopolitan Hotel. When you walk down that little hallway to this hole in the wall pizza place you are thinking "What is this?"..... Let me tell you, the pizza is simply amazing. If you get a chance, go there. They are open late (I think he said until 4am Sun-Thurs and until 5am Fri and Sat).
3	It's a nice little change-up off the beaten path and it's a little refreshing to find a quick bite to grab something to eat that isn't all stuffy and overly priced. For being in the Cosmo, if you want something quick and good, yeah I could see its high rating, but I wasn't five star amazed. Upon first bite the pizza was chewy, the sauce was the right amount of tang, and I do have to admit that it is one of the best pizzas by the slice in Las Vegas ...but that was upon first bite. After those first couple of bites, the bread and crust was burnt and charred. I tried three slices: regular cheese, ricotta cheese, and cheese with beef slices (not sausage, some other type of beef). The regular cheese was greasy enough for me to use up the entire napkin dispenser and the crust was crispy black at the ottom so 1 out of 10. The ricotta cheese was a 10/10, if all the slices were this good I would definitely give this place a better rating. The beef slice was good, kind of what you would expect so 6 out of 10. The employees were nice, it was cheap, and like a lot of other people I'm a fan of its location, album decked hallway and close proximity to the pool table and dominoes board but the pizza really was just a little off. I may have come on a bad time and I should give them another chance but still I would have to say that I would never go out of my way to the Cosmo just for the pizza but I'd have it if I happened to be at the Cosmo and craving pizza.
4	For those who don't know, pizza & a coke/pepsi is probably my favorite meal of all time! Pizzeria did not fail me =]After we got our hand stamps at Marquee, we were hungry and decided to seek this place. It is a bit difficult to find, we found the pool table but couldn't find Blue Ribbon Sushi =( but we finally found this place when we saw people walking out of a hall way eating pizza, BINGO! It is located near the pool tables, on the 3rd floor to the left of Jaleo's, which is a pretty loud restaurant. Blue Ribbon Sushi was closed, so that made it even harder to find, and also it's not too far from the back entry to Marquee. Hope that helps! Or just be on the lookout for people holding pizza/pizza boxes =]I ordered a slice of a pepperoni and sausage pizza, bf ordered pepperoni, sausage, & mushroom pizza, and of course we got a cup of coke, total came out to about $16.The pizza is huge (duh it's NY style) & was very satisfying. The crust wasn't as crispy as I'd like but it was still good. I'd definitely come back here next time I hit up Marquee =) Good luck finding this place!!
5	Went here after multiple drinks by the pool and it totally hit the spot!  This place is the closest I've ever come to a real NYC slice in LV.  We got a slice of cheese, pepperoni and veggie which came out to $11.75.  That's STILL less than 1 piece of shrimp next door at Blue Ribbon!  I was surprised I liked the plain slice the best.  Not that their other ones weren't good.  Sometimes great pizza doesn't need anything else but sauce and cheese.  Wish there were more places to sit but not that big a deal with so much seating in the middle area of the 3rd floor.
4	Delicious. I loved walking down the hallway and looking at all the records. I agree with others who say if you see the Pool Table your headed in the right direction. The mystery of no prices and how small it is adds to the experience. My Crust was chewy but purposely chewy. The pepperoni's did have a spicyness to them. They have 2 beers on tap which none were to my liking so i stuck with Orange soda, and Free refills are a plus. Seating is Minimal INSIDE but there are places to sit when you walk back out of the hallways. MMMMMHMMM No Complaints here.
4	1 star for being open until 4am, which is pretty much when I stumbled into the Pizzeria with my friend.1 star for having super friendly workers even at this hour.1 star for being in a kickbutt hotel.1 star for a decent version of NYC pizza in Las Vegas (albeit a little too oily and salty).
4	Pizza was just so-so but a great escape from all the casino and Vegas strip craziness.
3	Was the pizza awesome?  Umm no but it was tasty.  it wasnt the best and it wasnt the worst - it was just typical thin crust pizza.  the entrance was really cool though - a long hallway covered with old record covers.  I would recommend it if you need a snack to hold you over, but there are better places to eat at the Cosmopolitan.  I got the sausage and pepperocini one and i liked it but it wasnt as good as some of the pizza i have had in places like Joe's in NYC
4	Discovered this place after asking a bartender in the casino where we can grab a slice.  He told us, which is a good thing, as it's not marked, nor  obvious when you pass the hallway leading to the pizzeria, nestled among very nice restaurants on an upper floor.  That fact alone made it fun.    We had some late night slices which were cheap and very, very tasty.  So much so we went back the next day for lunch.   If you're in the area and want a great, NY style slice, seek this place out.  I'm a definite fan.
5	We stumbled out of Marquee at about 4am...We heard about the secret pizza place earlier on in the day and we were on a mad pizza hound hunt after partying all night.We FOUND the hidden pizza grotto but it was CLOSED. The cashier was closing up shop and the LAST 9 VIP pizzas were being made for some celeb staying at the hotel. The pizza maker was NOT a happy camper.All we could hustle was a piece of cheese cake from the freezer...until somehow by the grace of God and our (more my sisters) charm we managed to pull it off. The pizza maker wanted us out so he gave in. haha!He let us have the first pizza that was ready and we got cheesecake, too! HEAVENLY!! Gooey Cheese pizza hot off the oven and right into my BELLY! The cashier and the pizza maker were total darlings and I commend them for being such good sports. They have to deal with drunk chicks, drunk guys, late night celeb requests and so much more in Vegas. We took their pictures and will pay them a visit next time BEFORE 4am. Viva Las VEGGGGASS!
5	When I grow up, I want to be the Pizzeria at The Cosmopolitan...No signs or indication the place even exists, you just have to know about it.  Barely any chairs - mostly just standing at the counter.Drinks served in red dixie cups.Galaga.Super hot chick working the counter.... and she's nice.Seriously awesome thin crust pizza being served all night.This place in a big time winner.  But stay away, it's mine.
4	3AM greasy NY style fold that shit over and wash it down w/ a PBR goodness for $8.75 total.  At the Cosmo of all places too.  Delicious.
4	I love this place. it is hidden down a small hallway between Blue Ribbon & Jaleo. Its really small, has almost no seating, and a very small simple menu. The pizza was great, i really liked the white pizza and the "meat lovers" was pretty damn good too,most likely the best slice on the strip. 2 beers on tap in red solo cups. vintage Vegas pinball machine and Galaga! All i could think of was how great this place would be drunk as hell late at night.
3	I'm usually skeptical of any restaurants that rate high in a casino because from experience and as many locals know, better options can be found outside the strip.  The same is the case with this pizzeria.  The pizza toppings themselves were tasty enough but the fine details of a great thin crust pizza were missing from my experience.  The magic wasn't there for me.  It just wasn't crusty and chewy enough, and there wasn't enough yummy smokey taste that comes from a slight char on the belly of a perfect slice of thin crust pizza.  Was it because it Saturday night at 12 pm wasn't prime time for pizza?Conclusion:  I am definitely going to be the minority opinion here *bracing to have tomatoes thrown at me*....The Pizzeria at the Cosmopolitan didn't quite hit the mark, but if left with middle of the night munchies, I still welcome it as an option for late night pizza.  My favorite thin crust pizza is still at North End Pizza over on the Northwest part of town.
5	Authentic east coast style pizza joint? In Vegas? At the Cosmo? Open 24/7? Only 4 bucks? HOLY CRAPThis is an amazing place on the strip.  The pizza (I have been here about 4 times) is always good with a perfect blend of cheese, delicious sauce, fresh topping all on a thin crust.  The pizza is good before, after and during clubbing (thank you in and outs!).
4	This place is literally hidden. If a concierge hadn't told me about it, I never would have found it.Great pizza with a decent price for Vegas (about $5). Its right next to Marquee, so you can leave and get a slice then go back to dancing. They had about 4 choices at a time, and warmed it up within a few minutes.Unfortunately, there isn't really any seating. So you have to stand next to counters or over a pinball table. Or go out to the lounge couches outside of the pizza place to sit. I enjoyed it, but a few girls complained of a stomach ache after. Maybe they just aren't used to pizza.
5	Great Pizza. Great concept. For a hotel that builds its brand off of opulence and grandiosity. Its good to know that the Cosmopolitan isn't without a sense of humor or irony.  To find the joint,  just go down the out of place white tile hallway with crappy florescent lighting, you'll arrive in a room the size of a shoebox serving some of the best pizza I've had in recent memory.Great food, great concept. Well done Cosmopolitan. It looks like management has a few risk takers.
4	Hard to find, poor signage, but I totally love this place. Keep asking for directions until you find it. It's worth it. Just great old style pizza in a super funky backroom of a super fancy hotel, but the staff is in on the joke and having a blast. No place to sit really, but that is okay. You are here for a quick slice or two, a PBR from the tap, and then back to the Strip refreshed and refueled!
4	This not-so-secret pizzeria in the Cosmopolitan is pretty delish!I suppose it was pretty easy to access this spot considering I was pretty sloshed after Marquee. Its on the 3rd floor near Comme Ca in a hallway...filled with people. So, just follow the crowds =)What I ordered: - a slice of the NY style white pie! There were chunks of goat cheese and it tasted as though it was drenched with truffle oil (so yumz)again, my senses were impaired but the flavors still shined through!
4	You might need the SEAL team who found Bin Laden to guide you to this place but once you get here you will be happy you found it. You won't find the location on any of the interactive maps at the Cosmopolitan. At check in they told us about this place and we literally walked around on the third floor for 5 minutes just trying to find it. I am not even sure this place has an official name although it has been tagged as the Pizzeria. Pizza is served piping hot from the oven NY Style. Drinks are served from the fountain in plastic cups. The lady who took our order was confused about the pizza choices which was actually quite impressive given there were only 4 on the table and two of them were clearly cheese and pepperoni. I hope her food knowledge improves or she may be stuck here a long time before she makes it to the Outback. Apparently this place is pretty busy at 3 am in the morning for the club crowds and is good for a late night snack. Search this hidden gem out in the Cosmo. You won't disappointed!
3	This looks like a typical New York pizza joint in Manhattan (in Brooklyn and New Jersey we have tables) - the glass counter, the ovens, no space, a narrow counter on the side with a couple of stools if you refuse to stand up and eat your pizza.I had a plain and also a veggie.  The pizza was good, but not great.  Unless you're from Fargo, ND.  You can take the pizza place out of New York, but you CAN'T TAKE THE PIZZA!  It is acceptable for Vegas, even good for Vegas.  But it ain't New York pizza. Still, if you happen to find yourself at the Cosmopolitan - a place I absolutely adore! - and you're on a budget, you can get a slice or two and be perfectly satisfied.  Budget is a dirty word at some of the other restaurants up there on Floor 3.
4	Pizzeria has it all figured out.  We ended up here after a night at Marquee and it totally hit the spot.  The place is rather hidden, you have to walk through a little hallway to get to the place, and from what I can recall, unless I was fairly buzz, I don't recall any huge signs showing that it was there.The pizza isn't pizza hut pan crust, or any of this special chicago pizza that you'd crave from zachary's, just your plain jane new york style pizza.  However, from a night out of dancing and drinking, pizza sounds unbearably delicious.
5	Let's face it. You can get your descriptions and ratings of this place by taking a look at everyone else's Yelps here. Most are accurate in their love of this place. So, instead, I bring you "Ali's Inner Monologue Regarding The 'Secret Pizza Place' At The Cosmopolitan"."Ok, drinking and searching for somewhere semi-hidden is NOT working out for me. I'm surrounded by trendy restaurants on the RESTAURANT level... where the hell is this pizza??Oh, wait... is this a hallway? WAIT... I remember Yelpers talking about a hallway of album covers. This... might... be.... SCORE!Even more SCORE... only two people in line. And these guys are about to get up... jeez, could they add maybe one or two seats in this place? Actually, probably not. I see cheesy White Pizza. That's for me. Hmm, pinball... sure, why not?Sweet, pizza's ready. And there's actually a free seat... right next to the red pepper flakes, yessshhhh. Let's get me plenty of napkins, this looks like it has potential to be messyTime to check this out.....  {Ali's brain goes dark as she wants to make out with this slice of pizza and its gooey cheesy goodness}I really hope I can find this place the next time I'm in town.Did that guy really just take a header in the hallway???"Good eats, awesome vibe, interesting people-watching, even for such a tiny spot. GO.
5	This place was like manna from the heavens. My friends and I were still hungry after our recent overpriced dinner at one of the Cosmo restaurants as we stumbled upon this gem. The delicious hot pizzas and beer filled the void left by the paper thin slices of yellowtail from next door:P
4	This was pretty good.  A lot of people have raved about how fantastic it was and I wouldn't say it was fantastic, but I would say it was good.  It really is similar to getting a slice in NYC...nothing incredible, but a quick and easy way to satisfy a pizza craving.  It's also very cheap so it's nice to have this as a an easy option for a snack.
3	Pretty good NY Style even if the sauce lacked that tang the crust was really good, $4.75 for a slice of pepperoni/sausage (a buck less would have been righteous.) so if you want more than one, consider a pie.  The randomness of a totally hidden pizzeria is downright cool. Let the hype machine crank away.So...why not 4 stars? Pizza is sacrosanct and very few places get 4 or 5 stars, silly...
3	They really need to put a sign up, because this place is darn near impossible to find without asking someone.  Maybe it's their secret way of keeping the place hidden and away from all the tourists.   Just find the public billiard table in the open floor, and then look for a long dark hallway which seems like it's a private entrance for staff.  Once you walk the long dark hallway, you will walk into a small pizza shop, and the smell of fresh pizza will immediately engulf you!My friends split a cheese pizza, white pizza, and a pepperoni, olive, and mushroom pizza.  The line can get long, so be prepared to wait!  Once you order, the server will take your slice of pizza and bake it in the oven for a few minutes to get it nice and melty.  I believe a pizza slice comes out to be around $4 per slice.  I thought the price was slightly high since it was a super thin crust, and the slices didn't seem all that big.   The pizza was pretty good, but definitely not as good as the stuff served in NY.  I did not care for the white pizza, but the cheese and pepperoni pizza was pretty good.   Also, the crust was slightly chewy, which I did not like, but I really liked the cheese and spices they topped on the pizza.  One slice of pizza is like an appetizer, so I would suggest you order 2-3 slices a person, if you want to actually get filled up or eat it as a dinner.    I'd come back for a late night snack or an afternoon appetizer if I'm in the area, but it's not something I would walk from Wynn to Cosmo to eat.  Pretty good pizza, but not good enough to crave, especially with all the other eats in Vegas.
4	people call this is a secret pizza place at cosmopolitan because you can't find it if you don't ask people. there is no sign for this place....but this is a cool place! they have very good pizza there!!! and cheap too. we ordered 3 pcs which cost about $12. it is a very small place in between restaurants. there is a hall way to go in but no sign and no name at all.
5	*Best Pizza in Las Vegas*I believe that good pizza is very hard to find. It's one of those foods that is often made to be a quick cheap fix, and I find myself calling the majority of the pizza I eat average. I'm rarely ever wowed by a slice of pizza and I've grown accustomed to that. When I heard about all the praise this pizzeria was getting I was a bit skeptical, but I will let you know that all that praise is very, very well deserved.You need to go on a bit of a hunt to find the pizzeria at the Cosmo. They don't advertise it, you wont find any signs pointing you in its direction, and they don't even mention it on their website. It's located down a random hallway on the third floor nestled next to the Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar. It's a very small pizzeria with only a few stools for sitting and eating. They don't even have a menu. It's all about the pizza here.The sauce is delicious, the toppings are delicious, and the crust is delicious. This pizza is delicious! It's made New York style with the floppy pizza that needs to be eaten taco style. The sauce has the perfect amount of flavor to accompany the toppings without being overwhelming or becoming overwhelmed. You can tell that the sauce is fresh along with the toppings. They don't have the largest selection of toppings but the ones that they do have are fresh and beyond tasty. The crust is just the right consistency and is one of those crusts that you wont mind eating the ends of the pizza. It all comes together to make the best pizza in town that I have tried so far. It is a bit pricey when compared to other pizza places but you pay for the quality. I can't stress enough about how good this pizza is. It is one of the very few pizzas that has been able to wow me. If you want to taste how a real pizza is supposed to taste like go to the Pizzeria at the Cosmo.
4	So while in Vegas, Cella P and her boyfriend tell us - you need to get pizza from secret pizza.  come again?So this place is in the Cosmopolitan hotel.  There are no signs, nothing listed in the directory.  You just have to know where it's at.  You go down a random hallway and it opens up to what looks like a pizza joint in NYC.  no menu, no anything.Since Cella P and her boyfriend were supposed to meet up with us, Liezl E and I just waited in line.  Well, after a few texts back and forth, they weren't coming and we were already in line to try this pizza, so hey, how about we buy a whole pizza and bring it back to the house?  Sure!We ordered a whole pie - standard pizza - half with pepperoni and half just plain cheese.  I had some of both - the sauce, the cheese, the dough.  SO GOOD.If you want to attract some drunks and crazies, just walk through the Cosmo and out on to the strip to Planet Hollywood (which is where are car was parked)  We got a lot of "I'll give you a dollar for a slice" and "where did they get that pizza"We all enjoyed the pizza, and I'll definitely be back to the random place inbetween two restaurants when I'm in vegas later this month.
5	I love this pizza joint! I love that it's hidden away. This place is simply "cool" and not because it's trying hard to be cool like so many places, there is some amazing album art on the walls, there are pinball machines, good music and the pizza is great (and cheap). It's great for adults and kids!
4	After yelping pizza in vegas, this little "pizzeria" came up. Everyone said it was hidden (read below), and boy was it ever. It's impossible to find without asking someone and is located down a very little hallway between all these fancy restaurants on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan. Finding it alone was a little adventure, but even more rewarding because the pizza was tasty. I tried a slice of the plain cheese and a slice of the white (so much garlic). Would go again!
4	The COOLEST!
1	unless its 2 am and im leaving the club and im starving, i wont be coming back. pizza is ok at best. they have only a few toppings. peppersoni, olives, sausage i think was one of them. im from NY. i know my pizza and this was not good pizza. but if im drunk and i want a slice for $4.00 ill come back here. i dont like how they add the toppings after the pizza is cooked. btw this place is hella small and hidden. not worth the journey.on the plus side...they have coke zero on tap!
5	A hidden pizza place that serves delicious pies til 4 in the morning?  Damn I love Vegas...Even if you don't party or stay at the Cosmopolitan, it's worth it to exit the club around 3:45 and get to this pizzeria for a mouth-watering slice or two.  The White slice (ricotta and what tasted like truffle oil) was by far my favorite, followed closely by the classic Pepperoni.  Sister got the veggie and wasn't as enamored (or drunk) as I was, so what does she know.  Can't wait to come back to this spot next time Vegoos has gotch'ya girl feelin loose
4	I don't see how you can give this place anything less than three stars. Three if you think the pizza is horrible, four if think it's decent (hence my four stars), and five if you think it's great! This place is just such a novelty at the Cosmopolitan. Like others have mentioned, it's hidden away amongst all the other restaurants on the third floor, with no signage, and I think no actual to name to it. You probably wouldn't even eat here unless you're drunk (which was the case w/my two trips here on a debaucheries LV weekend) or broke (this is definitely the cheapest food you'll find in this hotel). Like I said, i thought the pizza was decent. Of course I was drunk on night 1 when I devoured a slice of cheese & on night 2 when I had some sort of Greek style pizza (it had gyro meat & feta). They seem to churn out pizzas pretty quickly & there are several varieties to choose from at any given time. They also have two beers on tap (one is Pabst and I forget the other one, but it's something cheap) as well as fountain soda, which sounds FANTASTIC at the end of the night. Both are served in those AWESOME red SOLO cups synonymous with kegs.
5	Great pizza!  If you like New York style you'll love this. Any variation is delicious. Amazing crust and good sauce....2 things that matter most to me!  Oh I guess 3 things CHEESE rocks too.
4	WHO: Any one of you who are craving pizza past midnight! =)WHERE: Inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel, on the 3rd floor. It is literally A HOLE IN THE WALL! I had to ask one of the front desk men where it was! There is no sign whatsoever, so asking is the safest way!WHEN: I have no idea when it closes, but it closes late! We went at 2am, and there was still a line to order!WHY: Thin-crust pizza is the way to go, THAT'S WHY!WHAT: Standing in the line, I was looking for some sort of menu, but there actually wasn't one! I was somewhat confused because I am so used to there being a menu explaining it all!When you get up to the counter, there are toppings you can choose from to make your slice of pizza to your liking, or there are also pre-made slices you can get! I just chose one of the pre-made slices that looked pretty interesting!On my pizza, along with the mozzarella cheese, there was another type of cheese that I didn't get to remember, but it was REALLY GOOD! I also had mushrooms and green peppers.  I did get to try the White Pizza from my friend!! That was actually one of the most unique slices of pizza I have ever tried!! Instead of marinara sauce, there was some type of garlic sauce under CHEEESE, CHEESE, AND MORE CHEESE! =D*NOTE: Try it out after all that partying one night! The line might scare you off, but it's okay- the line went by fairly fast!
5	This pizza is BOMB, period. IMO, it's kinda cool that it's pretty much a hole in the wall and that they don't advertise it. One of those exclusive things where you have to know about it through word of mouth. Almost as if it were my own little secret.As far as for you negative Nancys comparing this plave to NY. Get a grip, it's not New York, it's Las Vegas. You will never get NY pizza anywhere but NY. It's like going to NY to a casino (idk if they have them or not) and say well these arn't like Las Vegas...duuhhh.
4	SOOOO Good!!!Pizzeria is a tiny little pizza joint on the 3rd floor of The Cosmopolitan.  I don't recall even seeing signs for it.  Someone told us about it so that is how we happened to find it.  We first attempted to order on a Saturday night...well...Sunday morning after Marquee Night Club and were standing in line when I was plowed over by a very intoxicated Australian man.  After gaining my composure, he plowed me again.  Before I killed someone, I made the decision to come back later.  So my point here is...if you go late night, your experience may not be so pleasant as this place attracts the overly intoxicated/drugged.My second attempt, which was late on a Sunday night/Monday morning, was much more pleasant.  The pizza guys aren't very friendly and I am pretty sure not one of them cracked a smile.  The girl who was taking orders, etc. ,though, was quite pleasant and tolerant of the late night clientele.The pizza is delicious.  It is the thin crust, not overly greasy, cooked to perfection, perfect cut slice kind of pizza that is so rare to find!!!  Some of our crowd went back for seconds and to try different flavors.  I had the supreme and could not have been happier.I will definitely be returning to Pizzeria for more pizza on my next visit to Vegas!!!
4	Traveling down a hallway between two fancy restaurants at Cosmopolitan, who would've known that a simple little pizzeria existed.  The pizza was perfect with a light crisp and the perfect amount of drizzly cheese.  The folks at Pizzeria were welcoming and genuinely happy to see you.  I loved that!
4	This pizza puts the 'zing in AMAZING!!!!!!!I haven't had pizza-by-slice this good since NYC... for those who don't think it's possible, make the trek out here to this truly, truly hidden spot inside the Cosmopolitan (behind STK).By the way, they will deliver to your room if you bribe them. Just sayin...
4	Great slice of pizza for a great price.  My wife and I had been at the pool all day and we were starving.  It was about 4:15 and we were waiting for the Wicked Spoon Buffet at 5:00.  I told her that I had read about this 'hidden' pizza place upstairs.  She took the bait and said that a slice to share might be the perfect appetizer before the buffet.  Like I said, we were starving.  We headed up the escalator to the 3rd floor and found the hallway and headed on in.  One slice for $3.75 was the most perfectly cheap and delicious appetizer to tide us over.  I mean, wow!  The slice was big and the crust was very crisp.  It tasted great!  We don't make it down to the strip very often so I was glad we hit this up even for a quick slice.
4	This is a very cool hidden gem in the new Cosmopolitan Casino.  You won't find this small pizzeria unless you know exactly where to look.  Next to the Blue Ribbon Sushi restaurant on the 3rd floor, there is a hallway decorated with old album covers.  Walking down this hallway will lead you to the pizzeria.  You can order an entire pizza or get a previously prepared pizza by the slice.  You can also add toppings to a slice of cheese pizza and they'll warm it up and blend in the extra toppings.  They have PBR and Dogfish 90 beer on tap.  The restaurant is inexpensive and the pizza is delicious.  The pizzeria is sparsely decorated with a few chairs, a pinball machine and some stand up bar tables to eat your pie.  This is the best place I've been to on the strip to order a quick inexpensive slice of pizza.  The employees are very helpful with good advice on what to order.  Pizzeria ambiance-3 stars, Food-4 stars, Strip Value-5 stars, Service-5 stars.
4	I dig this place!  The pizza is a little crunchier than I like and the crusts are inedible, but it is still pretty damn tasty.  And the ambiance is fun!  Stand in line with other drunk people. Scream the lyrics to some 80's hair band song. Eat some pizza, play some pinball.  It's fun!They have PBR and Stone IPA on tap.  It can get crowded but they had plenty of pizza to go around when I came.  Check it out!
5	Probably the only authentic New York pizzeria on the West Coast! So thin and crispy...just the way I like it. The white pizza is delicious! I had the white pizza. So garlicy delicious!
4	It is by no means the best pizza I have ever had, nor is it the best pizza by the slice, but I personally love the idea that they don't advertise, and you have to walk down a little hallway to get it. The novelty of this place is what earns it four stars. Knowing about this little place makes me feel like I'm part of an exclusive club (or at least a club that 187 other yelpers know about). I tried the mushroom and white pizza. Both were delicious thin crust style pizza. The mushrooms on top my pizza were particularly delicious. And at $3-$4 a slice this is probably one of the best deals in Vegas, and definitely the cheapest meal that I saw in the Cosmopolitan.
5	It's such an expected pleasure to have a tasty bit of pizza in such a cool little spot!  Well, perhaps it shouldn't be unexpected since everyone knows about it now, but still!  Even with the little hints here and there, Jim G. and I had some trouble finding it, but once we did, we were quite pleased. Sampled the Cheese, Pepperoni, and White Pizza, complete with some PBR and IPA.  4 pieces and two beers for 22 bucks; super reasonable! The White Pizza was the best, although all three were tasty!Enjoyed our slices in the place, rocking out to the music and losing some money to the pinball machine. Next time I'm at The Cosmopolitan, I'm totally going there! You should too =)
4	The allure of knowing something that only the "in the know" know has played into human behavior in seeking out food and drink since the time "Joe sent me" got people through the speakeasy door. Given the pizza joint at The Cosmopolitan is not listed in any of the hotel's customer collateral nor is it advertised on property and one has to both know it is there and how to get to it, my hubby and I figured this would be more the myth of "secret place" hype than good pizza. Happily, we were wrong.Finding ourselves at the Cosmopolitan about 1:30 in the afternoon one day last week and hungry for just a little something, we went to the Pizzeria. What we discovered is this teeny place makes really good pizza. In fact, my Brooklyn born and reared hubby thought it a good rendition of New York style pizza and coming from him that is high praise. It was the chewy, foldable crust, he said, and just the right amount of sauce and cheese. A generous slice was about $3.50 so a good value for Las Vegas eats. Pies are sold whole too. The VERY little pizza shop has standing at counter space for maybe eight - and another two spaces that are low enough to be used by both people in wheelchairs and shorter people...love universal access like that. But you could not get my claustrophobic self to stay in that little space to eat, so we walked to the lobby outside the Pizzeria and enjoyed our slice in that "game room" setting with a pool table, board games, low tables, chairs and sofas scattered about and multicolored glass lit ceiling above. And here goes a nod to the very nice Security guy who walked over to talk to us. "Oh oh" I thought, "we're probably not supposed to be eating pizza here." But as it turns out, he wanted to simply ask how we liked the pizza and being from New York himself, he agreed with my hubby that it was very good indeed. He introduced himself as Chris (Cosmopolitan staff do not wear name tags - a tactic that is part of a service strategy to get the employees to introduce themselves to guests) and asked if he could answer any questions about The Cosmopolitan for us. That kind of friendly approach from customer facing employees was consistent with every one of our experiences at the hotel, by with way, with the exception of the staff at the Chandelier Bar on the second floor.  ( But that's another review.)  We made sure to leave the lobby table as clean as we found it. Pizzeria opens at 11a.m. and stays open until sometime in the wee hours of the morning. Here's how to get there (see photos included to illustrate): a) Take the elevator near the Chandelier Bar to the third floor. When the doors open you'll see the lounge with the pool table in front of you. b) Make a hard right hairpin turn as you exit the elevator and you'll be in the short hallway that leads to the tiny Pizzeria.  You'll see a pinball machine at the end of the hallway. ( If you make only a right turn as you exit the elevator, you'll end up at the hallway that dead-ends in a concourse of meeting rooms. Ask me how I know that. :-)  A hairpin right is the thing. )c) The pinball machine you'll see in front of you as you make the hairpin turn is actually at the entry to the pizza place.So there you go!  Mangia!
5	After hanging out at the Chandelier bar my friend Ashley was wanting a soda. Not knowing where to get one at almost 3am, she said to follow her, after going up a couple of escalators and down a narrow hallway the smell of pizza hit me in the face. OMG there is a hidden pizzeria in the hotel!!  Not only does this place have no name, you'll find no signage, and no menu. It's a very no nonsense New York-style pizza counter. To find it, look for the hallway wrapped in vintage records.There was a small line that was forming when we walked up. This place is super small and had limited seats (bar stools and a long counter). You can order a whole pie of just a couple of slices. Minh D decided to indulge in his pizza craving and get a slice which he ended up sharing with me. All i can say is wow this pizza tasted wonderful and full of cheesy goodness!! Ashley ordered a rootbeer (which has unlimited refilled as long as you are eating there). That rootbeer was the best i have had in a long time. Make sure you save your change because they have a classic pinball machine there too!!
4	What's this hidden dark hallway on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo? Look, there's a pinball machine at the end and drunk people waiting for something. There's not even a name anywhere.Walking down the hallway, you suddenly smell pizza. Hungry barefooted girls in line and drunk guys talking to themselves. That pizza looks godsend when you're intoxicated. I wasn't even drunk and it looked good.I opted for the sausage/pepperoni slice. It was like $4! It was salty as ocean water man! I was gulping soda afterwards, good thing there were unlimited refills. It wasn't bad but this doesn't touch real NYC pizza at all. Nothing comes close. It's filling though.
5	I love everything about this place. It stands for something, a voice of truth, reason, and simplicity in a city built on ostentatious complexity and because of this, I can say with complete confidence that there is not a better meal in Las Vegas. So rare it is to find a great meal and an unbelievable price for Las Vegas that I would choose a meal at the Pizzeria over any other place in town. I mean it. Here you will not find a line for gamblers who have been given complementary dining and line passes, you will not need a reservation, and you will not find a dress code. What you will find inside this hallway is truth. People who seem genuinely happy you came in to grab a slice. You will find real pizza. Unharmed by some celebrity chef being paid too much to make expensive food that is rarely worth the cost. Your food is served on a cheap paper plate, your beer is served in a red plastic college party cup. Have a seat on one of the three barstools, play some pinball, watch some sports and soak it in because when you exit through that hallway, you will not find another real restaurant on the Strip until you return.
4	I really want to give this amazing Hipster Hangout 5 stars but the fact that it was PACKED means that the cat was out of the bag. I was excited to see a line full of hipster youth and it definitely has a New York feel to it.I didn't mind waiting in line and checking out the old school album covers on the walls along with the pinball machines and 80's music blaring. The pizza itself was actually really tasty. It was greasy as hell but didn't taste or feel too greasy. At around $3 a slice and red cups for the PBR/IPA this place really took me back to drunken college nights in NYC. The Cosmopolitan has won my heart as a drunken strip hangout. The fact that this pizza place is hidden just makes it that much more quirky and interesting. Can't wait to head back!
5	My friends and I call it "The Secret Pizza Place"We found out about this place as we were walking to Marquee and spotted a couple people chowing down on what looked like delicious pizza. We had to ask them where they got it from because there are no signs or advertisements anywhere about this place. It's super yummy and really cheap. It's such a cute little spot hidden down a hallway. We ate standing up because there was no place to sit but we didn't mind because the food made up for it. I'll be going again for sure.
4	the set up of pizzaria reminds me of burger joint @ le parker meridian in new york. hidden behind an unmarked hallway in a posh hotel you'll find legit food at an affordable price. this place is really tiny. i counted 4 bar stools and 2 counters for standing. 3-4 dollars per slice is kinda steep but considering its location/food quality, definitely worth the money. $3 for a fountain drink is no bueno.the pizza was really good. top notch ingredients, perfectly baked crust, and everything was piping hot. the service was meh. when my friend asked if they had a menu the guy scoffed "pizza" and walked away. hence, the 4 stars.
5	With so many people raving about this pizza, i wndered. oh geez, its only pizza. how great can it be!??! We came here on Friday night only to be closed. Didn't know it closed at 4am? or was it 6am? Came back on Saturday after the clubs and yayyyy open! Long line but not bad at all.O M G !First off, the SMELL is different. it smells so delicious, nothing i have ever smelled of in a pizza!The taste is off the hook. A bit greasy you but you need that grease and carb to soak all that alcohol up from partying at Marquee. :pWe got the combo, the one with everything in it and it is seriously the best pizza i have ever ate in my life! The crust is not thick but not crunchy thin either. Pizza came out relatively fast, about 15 minutes for a whole pizza. Time goes by fast though when your having fun.Located on the 3rd floor in a dark hallway next to some store...The floor where they have the pool table along with other old antiquey games.
4	Thank you for being open so late, you saved our lives.The pizza I had came with ricotta, sausage, and perppercinis.  Super tasty business.It did take a while to get the pies, I think they were making them fresh so you can't complain that much.
5	This is the best pizza ever.  I am not saying this because when I ate  it I was drunk.  It was really good.  The first night I had the pizza was actually the morning after.  I had to eat it the next morning because I fell right to sleep because I was drunk.  I got popped in the microwave and it was good!!  So the next night after another night of partying, but this time I wasnt drunk.  We bought pizza.  It was delicious!!  The first night, we were at Marquee partying and of course we were hungry.  We went to the 3rd floor and saw a bunch of girls eating the pizza and had to ask.  It was in a hallway and there is no name or poster or anything indicating that a pizza place was there.  But you can smell.  This was a saturday night and it was a long line.  We waited about 20 minutes.  The pizzas looked good.  We got about 10 slices of pizza and paid about less than $40.  The next night which was Sunday, there was no line at 3am.  We waited a couple minutes and ate it right there.  If you ever in the hotel or at Marquee, you have to stop by this place.  best pizza ever!
5	This is my favorite place in Cosmopolitan. The white pizza is amazing and the PBR is affordable, especially given the touristy location. There are not signs indicating a pizzeria is even there, so when you do find the place it makes you feel like you discovered one of Las Vegas's hidden treasures. You can't beat unbelievable value coupled with great tasting food.
5	Incredibly hard to find but the other reviews helped! Best pizza in Vegas that I've had. For once, the food was totally worth the price in Vegas (not that it was expensive to begin with!). Like the hipster vibe and that it seems like a hidden treasure. Went during lunch on a Sunday so it definitely wasn't too crowded.
5	This is definitely some of the best NY style pizza I have ever had and you can find it here at the Cosmopolitan on the 3rd floor. Located next to the sushi restaurant, it's well hidden and literally a hole in the wall since there are no signs that direct to it. Once you see the pinball machine in the alley then you have found it!Well it's a cool spot, they have two pinball machines at the front. The pizza is really great and they're open until 5 in the morning. This is one of the true hidden gems on the Las Vegas strip and the pizza is affordable which is great considering how expensive the food on the strip can be.Highly recommended!
5	Amazing!  I love how you feel like you've found a hidden gem, not to mention the best pizza I've had.  We both had two pieces: cheese, mozzarella, veggie, and mushroom...all were great, but the cheese is my favorite.  They have the perfect amount of cheese sauce and the thin crust is phenomenal!  Not a lot of seating, but lucky for us we went for an early dinner (around 6:30pm) on a Saturday night so we sat next to the pinball machine.
5	Late-nite munchies? Need some grub at 4 am to avoid a typical Vegas hangover? Look no further. This "not so secret" NY style pizzeria is located on the third floor of  Cosmopolitan down the narrow hallway by the pool tables.  The pizza is amazing, especially the white pizza and whatever sausage special they have. Prices are fair at about $4/slice.  Go ahead and order 2 slices from the get go, you won't regret it.  They try to move the line along as quickly as possible. It's probably worth leaving the clubs a little early to beat the rush.  The pizza was so good, that we actually ended up there 2 nights in a row.  First night, we got the pizza to go and took it to our room.  My advice would be to just eat it there while it's hot and fresh.  They also serve a couple beers on tap, in case you didn't have enough vodka red-bulls at the club.  This is probably the best late night snack in Vegas.
3	Good pizza.  Service is a little  unprofessional. We kinda felt like we were entering the hotel employees break room and interrupting their break.
5	I know, I am the 9,999,999th person to review this place, right? But I just had to because I want to sing its praises. I love this pizza. I love it sober, and buzzed, and drunk, and REALLY drunk. It's a pizza for all occasions! I have eaten at the Pizzeria or "Secret Pizza" about 5 or 6 times, all on differing occasions of having been at the Cosmo drinking or working or just hanging out and needing something to munch on. Look, I'm not a pizza expert. I don't go around bashing deep dish or praising New York style or what have you, but I do like to eat pizza. A lot. So I guess the Pizzeria is your typical "New York" style pizza. Thin, crunchy, big slices you can fold up. I've had many different types, just cheese, pepperoni and sausage, and their pizza made with their white sauce - mmmm! Very good and typically I don't like white sauce on my pizza!All in all I love this place. I love that it's secret and that it is in the Cosmo. I just can't get enough of it and I will be sad when I no longer live in Las Vegas and cannot get these yummy slices of heaven.
5	From a person that is from NY and in love with her NY style pizza, I have to say this place is pretty darn good! I haven't gone to every place in Vegas claiming to have the best NY style pizza...but out of places i HAVE gone to, this spot is where i keep going back to for my fix. It reminds me of home! So good!
4	I do love my pizza, especially after a few drinks with my vision, thoughts, and overall functionality a bit distorted. @ $3.25 a slice, the servings are decent and it's nice to know that everything is made right in front of you. Don't come expecting some crazy gourmet, overly extravagant pizza; it's totally the opposite.Recommendation: Enjoy after drinking for extra pleasure
4	hidden away in the cut..  down a hallway.. just follow the pizza smell..   pretty good.. fast service.. good price
5	When you're drunk and running around Vegas, want really good pizza really fast, this is the place to go. No, seriously. Not much place to sit though, so most of the time you're going to have to take your slice/pizza to go.It's a hole in the wall place in the middle of The Cosmopolitan - I would suggest the "White Pizza"... not too heavy and really tasty!
4	Ah Las Vegas, where the lights tell everyone where everything is, for how much... "RIBEYE $6.99!" ".1 SLOTS" "PAMELA $40!".... the things that make Vegas-Vegas.I usually find myself wandering the streets of LV with co workers on a nightly basis (usually during the months of April - June) and usually not the same ones every night either, so every night is a new night. And one night someone suggested "The Hidden Pizza Place at the Cosmo" so intrigued (and hungry) I said "MEOW" which in our terms means...well a number of things, but in this instance it meant ok.So being that only one person had been here and more than likely was intoxicated while going, only knew how to get us to the Cosmo, after that it was like Beer Feast where I thought to pour a liter of Goldschlager down his throat to make him remember so I didn't have to stand between a rave bar and a place that smelled delicious. But forward we went with our caravan of folk in tact. Upward and onward, through the chandelier bar, past Marquee, and around the corner from burgers we had found it. . . like the bright tunnel of light you see after you die.... I love it for a few reasons and here they are:1) No signage to show were it is, makes it kinda mysterious2) The pizza is actually pretty good, I mean not like "NY, NY" but still pretty close, I know that my NYer friends liked it.3) There's a cool little lounging area with a pool table to chill next to whilst you eat your pizza. Worth it? I think so. Nightly visitis? Hells yea!Enjoy!
5	Seriously, some of the best pizza I've ever had... and I had to go all the way to Las Vegas to get it! Sure, I'm here in NYC where supposedly there's lots of good pizza, but so far, nothing comes close to what I had at the Pizzeria at The Cosmopolitan Hotel & Resort. This place is hidden in between a few other restaurants in a shopping & dining area attached to the hotel-- there are no signs, so if you can't locate it, ask around. You won't be sorry. So what made this pizza so awesome? Well, first off, the crust was just right-- not too crunchy and not too soft... the pizza sauce was perfect and seasoned just right... and the cheese and toppings were fresh and tasty. On two different visits last week, I had a couple of difference slices-- I tried both the pepperoni and meatball. The 2nd time I had them add ricotta to my meatball slice... and all I can say is, "Amazing!"
5	Good lord this is the best pizza west of New York!!!
4	....and the clouds parted, the sun came out and shined a light over a dark long hallway with no door and no name.... That's exactly how I felt when I came across this little pizza joint!!! It was like an oasis in a desert! It's pretty simple...GOOD & tasty Large slices of pizza for cheap. They are open until 5am which is a huge bonus. The line goes by quick and it is well worth the wait.
4	A friend recommended this place to us.  After getting a slice from NYNY, this place was crazy good.  (NYNY place sucks).The pizza was crunchy, warm, etc.  We had to ask the staff to find this place since there's no sign for it.  Grab a slice of pizza, take it outside and sit by the pool table.
5	Literally some of the greatest pizza that I have ever had in my life.  This hidden gem tucked away in the Cosmopolitan is a must have if you are on the central Vegas strip.  Go out of your way to get a slice of this pizza!
2	Wow, you guys really think this is the best pizza? Then I guess you don't know what good pizza is other than a triangle shaped piece of bread with stuff cooked on top. Want bad ass delicious pizza for a fraction of the price?! Then go to Joe's NY Pizza. 2 locations on the strip and they deliver to your hotel room. I paid $17 for 3 slices and a drink at this place. Joe's Pizza gets you 19 inches of 2 layered meat pie for about $25. Trust me. You won't finish more than 2 slices on your own. http://lasvegasblvd.joesnypizza.com/zgrid/proc/site/sitep.jsp
5	Ahh, the secret pizza place.  On my most recent trip to Vegas I remember stumbling into your cheesy grotto back to back nights.  Their white pizza is to die for!  Nice thin and crispy slices, perfectly balanced sauce, and fresh ricotta was divine.  I will seek you out again.
5	Good find.  Pizza rocks.  So does the beer from the green tap.
5	This place is special: no signs, no name (just pizza), in a hallway that looks like it's leading to a restroom and on a third floor of Cosmopolitan...it's easy to miss out one of the best spots of Vegas.They are open till 5AM in the morning and their New York Style pizza can stand its ground from a reviewer who grew up in NYC.  Thin crust, excellent cheese and fresh toppings, quick and cheap (for vegas) slice any time of the day...and let me tell you....it's a big slice.  Everything was perfectly balanced...the amount of sauce, cheese, toppings, crust....nothing overpowered any part of this pizza to bring out the best bite possible.  This will be the best $4 bucks you will ever spend in Vegas.   And if you dance in front of the cashier for 15 seconds, you get a free slice!   (i'm just kidding...but i really wanted to after the first bite).
5	Eat here! The greasy pizza is perfect after drinking all night, its open late, and its CHEAP!!!Do it!
5	From someone from NY this is about as good as it gets.  Don't miss it.
3	"Even drunk the pizza was just aite." Haha, that was my initial reaction to when I was eating there. The hallway leading to the pizza place is pretty sweet; it's not so wide that the drunks can prop themselves up as you walk through. The pizza left much to be desired, even as drunk food. This is coming from someone who is royalty at jack in the box (so yes, I know my drunk food groups). Cool placeto swing by and check out, but eat somewhere else.
5	I was in Vegas a couple weeks ago and was looking for a place to get a quick cheap bite to eat.  So off to Yelp I go for some suggestions and came across this place.  Yelpers came through once again.  The pizza was off the hook at this little hole in the wall.  And when I say hole in the wall, I mean hole in the wall.  The place is hard to find.  The Cosmo does not list it anywhere on their signs.  We had to ask several people before we were guided in the right direction.  Its on the third floor of the hotel toward the back down a long hallway with no signs outside.  Just keep asking and you'll find it.The pizza was really good and cheap.  Had a couple slices of mushroom and one pepperoni with a couple PBR's.  I'm assuming this is what NY style pizza is suppose to taste like.  The place is super tiny and can only fit like 10 people and they only had 3 stools.  But its meant to be a quick bite, not a sit down type of place.This will really hit the spot if you're looking for a quick late night meal to hold you over.  Highly recommend it!
5	Was in Vegas two weeks ago and made it a point to seek this place out and try their pizza.  Found it, ate it, loved it!Had a slice of cheese, plus a slice of sausage and pepper.  I used to live in Long Island, NY, so I know some good pie when I taste it.  As close to NY-style pizza as I've had in years, and definitely the best in Vegas.Nice, small joint, with a flat screen on the wall, two pinball machines, and an arcade video game.  All of the five or six stools were taken, but I was fine standing at the counter getting my pizza on.  I came on a weekday afternoon so it wasn't busy at all.  I'm sure during the evenings or late-night hours, the place must get crazy packed.Definitely worth checking out if you're at the Cosmo or just want some seriously delicious pizza!
3	After spending a few hours by the pool for an Elite event, Megan M. and I decided we should give the 'secret pizza' that gets such rave reviews a try. I was ok with spending $3.50 for one slice of pizza... After all I am on the Strip, in the uber-fancy Cosmopolitan at that! What I am not ok with is spending the same amount for a soda served in a 16 oz red plastic cup.The pizza was ok. I've had better, I've had worse. I wouldn't rush back to get another slice.
5	Oh my gosh! The pizza was BOMB! We had a slice of the meatball, jalapeno peppers, and the ricotta cheese pizzas. It was so good! In fact, if I had the time in the world, I would sit there and eat a whole pizza by myself! This place is kind of hidden. We parked in the west wing of cosmopolitan and walked across to the eat wing. It's located on the top floor where the pool table is and is literally a hallway in the wall right next to a spinning door thing...We basically looked around and stalked some people carrying pizza out of a hole in the wall...This is definitely one of the best places to try out when in LV.
3	I can't say that it was worth the walk to Cosmo to try the pizza. While it was tasty, we're not sure it was anything special to write home about. For some of the other sources we heard this to be the greatest pizza, we were very disappointed. Crust was somewhat without taste, and was rather soggy in the middle resulting with an inability to pick the slice up neatly. As an aside, the pinball machine didn't give me a play for the money I inserted, and the response from the guys behind the counter was a shoulder shrug. Tacky way to make another 50c on a $24 pizza. BTW: Try the pizza in the back of O'Shay's Casino (located on the strip between Flamingo and Imperial Palace.) We think the crust was tastier, crispier, and the pizza not as greasy.
4	This one will be quick and to the point.  Is a place really a secret if everyone knows about it?  Well I don't know but working at the newspaper I've read about it so many times in our publications that I was definitely interested in trying it out.  A slice is $3.75 and while it's relatively cheap considering the location it's no THAT great a deal.  Still the pizza is tasty and not swimming in grease and if you like New York Style you won't have any complaints.
3	Big fan of their decoration but if you got rid of that you get a pretty typical pizza joint.  Good ny style pizza maybe but not the best pizza in town or even in that kind of contention. Price wise I guess it's priced for the strip. I think it was 3 or 4 bucks a slice of cheese pizza and $17 for the whole thing with $2 each additional topping.
5	It was definitely one of the best pizza i ever had! they didn't have a big selection but what they have is great. I really liked their white pizza. the dough is amazing! the cheese is great. i definitely recommend it!
3	I got a slice of pepperoni for $3.75 (I think). Not bad. Not the best pizza ever. Maybe you need to be hammered and stumbling out of Marquee at 4 in the morning to think that it is? It's a great bargain on the Strip and probably the cheapest option at the Cosmo. I'd try it again, but I don't think it's as good as Biaggio's or Grimaldi's.
4	This place is truly hidden.. no signs not even on the hotel / hotel room directory!!!     The pizza was when wanting to get out of your room for some air.   But if you go late in the around the midnight hour you run into the club goers rush...  If that fails, they deliver the pizza to your room if staying on property!!    The pizza was the closest to type you get in NY / East coast!
4	So amazing, definitely a good late night spot. Born and raised on NY pizza and this is as good as it gets to compare.
5	It was 2am and my crew and I were at the Bellagio with our stomachs growling.  I made a suggestion of getting some slices at Sirrico's Pizza at the New York New York resort.  We would be cutting close and our friend suggested a new spot at the new and shiny Cosmopolitan.  I took to my faithful Yelp app and we were down with its near perfect five stars and late hours (until 5am!).First and foremost, The Cosmopolitan might be the new Wynn.  It's beautiful with hot girls everywhere. The bars are plenty, the resort is bustling with nightlife and good times everywhere you look. We look for a hotel guide and interestingly enough, the pizza place isn't listed.  Odd.  We ask a staff member and up we go on a glass elevator that Tony Montana would have in his mansion.  The pizzeria is nowhere to be found, but the hint of party-goers with paper plates and slices gives you all the info you need.  We head down a dark hallway and make it to our final destination.  The parlor is busy and cracking with hungry customers at all hours. The pizza place is still relatively new and it shows.  There was a small line and we waited a good 10 minutes in line.  As I approached the glass, they had a few pies, which included a combo, veggie, cheese, peperoni, and some other odds and ends.  I went with their veggie offering and a cheese and ricotta slice. The cute cashier (Christie) rang me up and the damage was about $12 for two slices and a Pabst beer.  A set of stools offer a seating area for a few patrons, but expect them to be used at all times.  Fortunately, there's plenty of seating areas nearby. I took my first bite and the pizza was delish! The cheese was gooey and hot.  The veggies were fresh and had that contrast I looked for with the cheese and crust.  Overall, the pizza is great and the "secret" location adds a nice cool factor.  The pizza place itself is four stars, but the fact that it's open until 5am and the secret location bumps it one more star.
5	YUMMMMOOOO. After clubbing at Marquee at 2am, you will be so tired and hungry! but luckily there is this random pizzeria down some random hallway! There is a long line, but its worth the wait because the pizza is sooo damn good! The pizza reminds me a of a new york pizza. Its big, thing and the crust is super crispy. Its about 3-4 dollars a slice and my oh my it is totally worth EVERY Penny! I got the pepperoni and meatball pizza, and a peppericni, bell pepper, and turkey?? slice. They were all delicious! And on top of that, I was short 50 cents on cash and the guy was nice enough to just give me the two slices for 9 dollars. THat is really good customer service :)
5	I would never stop by this place if not because of my friends recommended to me. The restaurant is small and does not have very many seating. When you come to Cosmo you are thinking overpriced restaurants. This place is like a fast food restaurant in a luxury hotel. The price is reasonable. You can come here and grab something to eat and go party. Pizza topping is excellent. I can taste the fresh ingredients. Say goodbye to frozen pizza at home.
5	Buzzin', lookin' for a munchin' after getting your dance on at Marquee? Well, look no further because BAM! There's a hole in the wall ready and willing to serve your drunk behind! The pizzeria is literally a hole in the wall.  Located right next to the billiard table and chairs, which is coincidentally outside of the exit of Marquee.  There are no signs, so just take a chance going down a long hallway covered with photos of old celebrities, news papers and magazines.I love that you can pretty much customize your pizza on the spot.  They have generic ones out, but they also have toppings on hand that you can add to your pizza! I personally like the Pepperoni, Bacon, Green Peppers medley.  Of course, adding toppings will raise the cost...how much, I really can't say because I've ordered blindly the last few times I've been.Overall, great niche in the Cosmopolitan that won't cost you an arm and a leg, and tastes pretty darn good! Bonus points for having TWO pinball machines! ;]
5	Being that I stay at the Cosmo now (yes they won me over from Palazzo/Harrah's) I always make it a point to stop at this spot. Lunch or Dinner I think it beats all the high end restaraunts in the Cosmo...especially for the price. The Tapas joint has salty foods, the sushi joint is just ok, Comme Ca - I have yet to try. The cafe on the ground floor is good if you can beat the line.Now DO NOT go here after the clubbing hours. Its madness, the pies get picked up almost immediately and it takes forever to get a couple slices because people just want something in there tummies to take the buzz off or kill the hangover that is going to come the next night. GIven its next to Marquee - all the clubbers will hit this spot immediately after partying.I have met the chef here, and he was real friendly as is most of the staff (Unless its post clubbing time - which is crunchtime for them)! I recommend the white cheese pizza and a simple Pepperoni. But if its late - good luck whatever comes out of the oven first is what you are going to get - but alas - the pies here are all good. I have tried 5 or 6 flavors and none have dissapointed me. Here's a secret - if you are staying at the Cosmo you can order a whole Pizza and they will deliver it to your room. It takes about 45-1 hour but it beats waiting in line with the rest of the drunkies!
5	This place has the best NY style pizza on the West coast, and thats saying a lot. I also love that it's a hush hush pizzeria. They dont need flashy signs to sell their delicious pizza, they have a great reputation. If you want a great slice ask for the margarita. Oh! And dont take your pizza to the crap tables... they will kick you off. ;)
4	So the "secret" pizza place isn't a secret anymore!  I have been here three times now and everytime it is more crowded than the last.Good, greasy, east coast pizza which is hard to come by in this town.  And the prices make it one of the best deals for a meal on the strip.  I can definitely see this being a great spot to hit up after a night of drinking....or after a night of losing all your money to the casino.
5	Like that scene out of Beerfest, my buddy and I were wandering (read: stumbling around drunkenly) the public areas of The Cosmopolitan at 4 in the morning looking for this place that I'd read so much about.  We followed the trail of cardboard boxes and scent of melted mozzarella to an unmarked hallway filled with people waiting in line for a slice of heaven after a night of partying.We were WASTED and had four hungry, inebriated mouths to feed, so ordering slices to take back to the room was NOT going to cut the mustard.  We get to the front around 4:30 and I start to order a whole pizza and the guy tells me "no more whole pies, only slices," at which point my jaw hit the floor.  Then he starts flirting with the group of whorish looking teeny-boppers behind me and it looks like he's going to make them their own pizza, at which point I YELLED "if you make these girls a custom pie I am going to lose my shit all over your fucking pizzeria!!!"  I think I continued digging my own grave by talking shit about his all white Yankee cap and said something about Derek Jeter being over-rated and why is this guy a Yankee fan, blah, blah, drunk-itty blah.  And you know what this SAINT does? He ends up making me a custom fucking pie, after I was about at my rudest to him and a couple other staffers (I MUST have apologized, but I can't remember clearly, though I do remember begging like a bratty little kid for my pizza).What I also remember clearly is that our sausage, pepperoni, bell pepper, mushroom, and garlic pizza was one of the greatest pizzas, drunk or not, I've ever eaten.  Each topping was fresh and flavorful, definitely not run of the mill meats.  Even if you're not clubbing at Marquee or gambling at the Cosmo, skip the 24-hour joints and fast-food haunts and get your drunk-ass here to grub.  And be nice to the staff - they might just make your night, you undeserving sloppy d-bag/biatch.
5	As an ex-New Yorker living in Arizona, the lack of good pizza has more than once nearly drove me to buy an airline ticket. Then I heard about the Cosmopolitan's "Secret Pizza" recommended by some friends in AZ. And frankly, since one grew up in Syracuse and the other in Ohio, I wasn't hopeful.But I gotta tell all - this is THE PLACE! It is truly NY pizza - at least a "good" there!  And thousands of miles closer. 4+ hours by car or less than an hour by plane.I hadn't been a regular Vegas visitor for the nearly 20 years of living out west, but Secret Pizza will do it. I might not be a gambler, but this I'll go back for, and regularly.
5	galaga 10 percent alchy beer on tap and the best pizza in the world?!? hidden gem that still isnt that crowded yet i remember when no one knew of this place but now there is a small wait but OMG what a great vegas meal some greezy pizza to soak up that alchy and open till 5am this place is vegas!!!
5	I was thinking there was no way I'd find good pizza in Nevada (at least since Cosa Nostra gave up its casinos). This pizzeria proved me decisively wrong. It's some of the best true New York style pizza I've had. The slices was large and foldable with excellent crust. The fresh mozzarella was great as was the pepperoni. Everything had a strong & delicious taste. Thus, down a hallway on the third floor of a Vegas shopping center, I found the best pizza I've had outside of New York & Italy.
4	When you look for a cheap bite on the Strip, you might think of some ramen from CVS, or crappy fast food from a hotel's food court, not The Cosmopolitan. Hell, when I walked in, I said that this place makes the Bellagio look like Circus Circus.We found this pizza place after reading the Yelp reviews describing where it is. It's tiny, with only four chairs, two TVs, and two pinball machines. We took a look down at the prepared pizzas. Two big slices of meatball pizza and two cups of soda came to $14. The cheapest meal of our trip came in the swankiest hotel. Oh yeah, the pizza itself was amazing.
4	Now where exactly is this place?Well that is part of the fun!  Once you find the long unmarked hallway you will know you have arrived when seeing the couple of pinball machines. Go ahead don't be scared, walk on up and get a couple of slices of pizza with a PBR or an IPA (YES PBR, nice).The white pizza was the best and try some other fresh out of the oven if available.  Another great touch by the Cosmo and the perfect late night snack.
5	Because of your hours of operation and taste Pizzeria you get this rating.  Saved our bday party you did.  After a long night of partying or clubbing good luck battling the crowds from marquee.  The wait for the pizza and the long line = about an hour during semi prime time.
5	Definitely the place to enjoy late night food after clubbing at Marquee. The wait can be long and there isn't a readily available menu to see the pizza selections. The pinball and arcade games give it a vintage feel. The pizzas are similar to NY style pizza with large slices. Can't go wrong with the mushroom and cheese pizza. The pepperoni and sausage pizza was also delicious. FYI - The slices are about $7.50 each. Overall, a great place to sober up and enjoy late night food.
2	Over rated is what comes to mind when I think of this place.  It may be because there is no real good pizza places here in vegas so people rate this place higher than normal the pizza is average at best. The sauce is bland and the cheese seems to be way to greece and takes away from the the taste of the pizza
5	I passed by the place at first. Next to Jaleo there is a long hallway into a small pizzeria. Not much seating inside, but plenty of places to plop your ass down in the lobby after a loooong night of shaking that boot-ay at Marquee (or wherever). They are open late! Pizza was impressively good. Fresh and piping hot like I like it. The crust is thin and has awesome crunch throughout. I had mushroom pepperoni which was rocking. Friends had a white cheese pizza with garlic, feta, and olive oil. It was excellent too. This beats the street vendor dogs wrapped in bacon after L.A. clubbing anyday.
5	Came here around 3am and the pepperoni slice ($3.75) I had was delicious. Some guy ahead of me asked the pizza guy: What's name of the place? "Didn't you see the sign outside?" No."Exactly."I like the no frills atmosphere, and how they don't care anything but serving some good slices of pizza. Outside the shop, Cosmo has a billiards table set up and some comfy chairs and sofas for you to sit and relax. Neat.
5	Not exactly sure how they pulled this off, but yeah, it's legit NYC pizza.
3	not sure what the hype and rave is all about... yes it's thin crust... and it's cheesy... but i dont think it's THAT good... but that's because i'm eating it with a sober tongue vs after drinks...the pizza is greasy... toppings are salty... and nothing spectacular... is it a 5 stars? hmm... no.  i'm barely even a fan... but it's relatively cheap to what's available for a late night.... they close at 5am... so if i was drunk coming out of marquee... this could be a 4 stars... that may be the only time i'll give this place anything higher than a 3...
4	FINALLY - good pizza west of the mississippi! Having lived in New York for 10 years, I like my east coast pizza.  Thank goodness we found this place while staying at the Cosmopolitan. One of the guys working that night was from Bay Ridge so I was confident it would be good and it was! Great pepperoni pizza, hot and ready quickly - we ordered a large on the spot and it was done quickly.  Open till 5 am - JACKPOT!
3	this place is stupid but i'll eat here when i'm drunk off of comped drinks from gambling 3 dollars in 3 hours and love it. truth be told it's good, cheap pizza whether you are drunk or not. check it out!
5	My friends and I will forever thank Yelp for helping us discover this small pizza shop hidden in the upscale hotel of The Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas! New York style pizzza in Vegas, what more could you ask for?The pizza is executed and prepared so well at Pizzeria. The ingredients are simple but individually are bold in flavors. I got to try most, if not all the ready-made pizzas and toppings they had to offer.The first pizzas I tried were the pepperoni pizza and the plain cheese pizza. The large slices of pepperoni were perfectly salty and balanced well with the tomato sauce, cheese, and crust. The cheese pizza was rich and flavorful, but I thought it could have used a little more cheese.The second time I came, which was the next day, I ordered the Ricotta cheese pizza and the  Pepperoncini (banana pepper) and Sausage pizza. Absolutely delicious, they nailed it when it comes to flavor combinations. The mild sourness from the pepper helped breakdown the saltiness from the cheese and just complimented the sausage real well. As for the ricotta cheese, it was creamy and rich which added flavor to every bite. Here's how I rate the pizzas:Pepperoni & Cheese - 4/5Cheese Pizza - 3.5/5Pepperoncini & Sausage - 5/5Ricotta Cheese Pizza - 4.5/5 After trying the pizza, I told a few of my friends and they went to try it for themselves and fell in love the same way I did. A lot of pizza joints can't do that nowadays! My only critique would have to be that the pizza was a little bit on the greasy side, but in my opinion, some pizza are just made to be greasy -- it helps add flavor!   If I could give one advice to the owner, it would to change the name to  Luigi's Pizzeria in order to reflect its more Italian roots! Also, they should have more signs because I had to ask twice from different employees at the hotel where to find the 'hidden' pizza place.
4	YUM PIZZA! I was slightly obsessed about finding this "hidden" pizzeria in Cosmo, so we probably asked 2 employees about it after a night of clubbing at Marquee. It wasn't as difficult as I thought to find...on 3rd floor, if you see a random long hallway next to a restaurant...huzzah! You have found it! We got a custom made 3 toppings large pizza to go (~$30), which was super delicious, but the wait for the pizza after ordering was over 35 minutes...so take that into consideration for the entire pie. The roasted tomatoes topping was my favorite part of the pizza...and the crust! Loooooooove pizza crust. The large size was enough to feed 5 of us, plus enough leftovers as pre-clubbing dinner the next day!
5	NY style pizza in upscale Cosmopolitan for under $5? I'll take it! Hidden spot in the third floor of the Cosmo.  Head up the escalator and take a right at the hallway and you wind up in a mini pizza joint.  Fresh thin crust Pizza at your fingertips! We stopped by here for a snack and decided that this is the perfect after clubbing snack as well. Marked it down that we will stop by here after clubbing.  I opted for the White Pizza Ricotta + mozzarella cheese pizza. Delish! The crust was perfect ! Really enjoyed it and sure enough the next night after Marquee we stopped by here for another slice! Tried the sausage one this time - not as much as a fan as the Ricotta Cheese one. They come out really greasy so if you watching your calories, dab it with some napkins. Line gets loooong after the clubs, you will need to be patient next to the drunkards in line.
4	We were headed to the Marquee for a pool party and had to get in by 2:00 if we didn't want to pay.  We were pressed for time and needed a quick bite.. we kept walking up the escalator and the info desk told us there's a pizza joint down the dark hallway... and then we all joked.. two guys telling us to go down a sketchy ally.. RIGHT we went anyways.. it's vegas why not?Pizza was quick and fast, although the worker seemed like she was not happy that day.  They ran out of the combination pizza we saw and she was not about to make anymore so the only "vegetable" they had left was a plain mushroom one which is what I got.  It was greasy, but after  a few dabs it was good.The worker also said she didn't have water on tap so we had to pay quite a bit for the water bottle. My friend who is a vegetarian wanted cheese pizza, but she said she was out of that as well and wasn't going to make anymore. She insisted we just buy the more expensive pepperoni and pick it off.  Well it's a good thing my friend isn't strict and that's what we ended up doing, but the girl definitely did not look like she wanted to be working there.Other than that, it was good, fast, and relatively cheap for vegas. YUM!
4	After a long night flight from the East Coast I was ready for a quick bit before bed. We decided to give this place a try, i have to say I almost walked out because of the long line and no where to sit... but the hunger overcame me!!  So the line went by quick, the pizza slices are made to order!! Finally I don't have to share with my husband, we both get what we want!!  Thank goodness I didn't walk out, this was delish!!Hope to stay at City Center again, so I can have some yummy pizza
5	Super good after night after clubbing and drinking the night away. Went here for dinner one night and after clubbing at Marquee the next night. Really need to keep your eyes on point to find this place. There are no signs anywhere and you will walk past it - i walked past it 3 times looking for it. haha. Great pizza, takes only 15 minutes to order a whole pie. There are awesome couches in front of the place to sit down and eat. Overall - highly recommend especially when your looking for a place to eat that's cheap after a good night out.
3	Pizza is pretty good here.   Buuut 2 stars off for tall blonde with an attitude who works there and over charged us.  When we disputed our order, she was real bitchy about it.  Good thing the guy working there was really nice and didn't make it any harder to get some of our money back that we over paid.
4	Great NY pie.  Thin crust cooked crisp at the bottom with a high-temp oven.  Sauce was very tasty.  Cheese was perfect for a NY pie (a little salty and with a little oil...just the way it should be).  Crust was tasty and the right thickness.    Good place.   Not sure I can rate it "as good as it gets"....maybe next time.   For now, I'm a fan.
4	SECRET GEM!!! ... literally a secret, you can't even find this pizzeria listed on the cosmo's directory!!!its a CHEAP vegas meal option on the 3rd floor cosmopolitan in between 2 fancy restaurants.. behind a large wooden door w/o any name to distinguish it!!walk down the long hall towards the pinball machine & order pizza w/ fresh olive-oil-soaked-tomatoes on it YUM & only 4 something for this thin crust slice!!!i hope this small pizza place stays a secret =)
4	Go down a secret hallway on the third floor and you will find a great little pizza stand. The pies are made fresh with great ingredients, and are a real steal for Las Vegas. If you like NY style pizza, you must check this place out.
4	I thought the Pizzeria @ the Cosmo was a pretty plain name for a restaurant like "Nail Shop" or "Tattoo", and I usually hate that sort of thing but there is nothing plain or ordinary about this pizza on the third floor. It's located right near Marquee and is a neighbor to the upscale Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar & Grill. Although on it's yelp page it says business hours begin at 9am, this place didn't have it's doors open at 10:50 AM and so we had to wait about 10-15 minutes for the place to open. The security guard commented on the fact that this place usually opens late, especially on Sunday so you might want to consider that before fully nursing that hangover to come here on time if the employees aren't going to be here. It has a long hallway of records in picture frames and it's almost anti-climatic because when you reach the end of the hallway you enter this small space with no seating area. The service was friendly for the most part, except the female cashier who definitely seems to hate her job. As far as I could see they don't go out of their way to explain their selection, you just sidle up to the register and area and look at their pizza options. There was cheese / pepperoni / the ricotta & garlic / sausage & bell pepper. It's about $4 a slice, not the cheapest but nothing in Vegas comes for free. The ricotta & garlic was AMAZING. It had an extra crisp to it that the bell pepper & sausage seemed to lack, I'm hoping it wasn't because the pepper and sausage was not as fresh. Regardless I'm not usually a big fan of ricotta but blended with the garlic and crisp crust I found a new flavor combination to admire. The bell pepper & sausage didn't blow me away as much and I probably wouldn't get it again. So to quickly sum it up - Don't expect a fine dining experience- approx $4 a slice- Ricotta pizza is the one to get.
4	Blah blah blah secret pizza place blah blah blah. Let me tell you hipsters something: it's not a SECRET anymore if you have to wait in line for 30 minutes behind every fake-glasses-wearing jackass in Vegas and his whorey, vodka-drenched, barefoot sister to get in. It's pretty f*ckin' mainstream by that point! Still, there is a true GEM to be found here. But it's not the pizza -- it's the WINE! They'll pour you a huge plastic cup of some improbably genteel boxed wine for $6. It's enough to last you all night!The pizza is actually pretty good, too (and I detest pizza): big slices for around $5 each, with lots of nommy toppings. But whatever! No one wants to sit around eating pizza all night.My advice is to get a big old plastic cup o'boxed red and then head down to one of the other, more pretentious "mixology" bars in the Cosmo...where you can get soused in style, smug with the secret knowledge that you're getting totally f*cked up for less than the cost of one of those lame blocks of "art" they sell in the ripoff trending machines -- I mean VENDING machines.Let the mixologists whip up complicated overpriced "libations" for the bebe-clad idiot masses...boxed wine is good enough for anyone who's REALLY cool. But if you INSIST upon being a hipster...you can use the money you saved on drinks to buy one of those lame blocks of "art" from the vending machines nearby. Sucka!
4	Good pizza, but we ordered 3 whole pizzas to take up to the room. The wait was about 45 minutes, they even mentioned that it'd be 45 minutes.The line never seemed to die down when we were there (at around 11pm  to 1am). I would have appreciated the place more if I didn't have to wait as long as I did.
4	With over 250 reviews on here already, this place isn't much of a"secret" anymore, but when you're drunk and hungry at 4am after spending several hours on the dance floor of Marquee and you stumble in following the directions of another drunk reveler munching on what looks like a tasty slice of NY Style pizza, you FEEL like you've found a hidden gem.So maybe it isn't "hidden" anymore, but it is still a gem. We ordered a whole pizza to go (pepperoni and green pepper), waited about 20 minutes, then took our whole pizza over to the Chandelier Bar and enjoyed. I have to say, even if I hadn't been tipsy, this pizza is legit. Thin crust, but not too "floppy," flavorful crust (hard to find on thin crust pizzas), and the toppings were fresh and tasty. I was certainly pleased enough to write this review and give the pizza 4 stars, so there you go.
5	This place is a hidden gem... literally hidden.  I'm not gonna go into too much detail, cuz I don't want too many tourists crowding the place and have it lose it's cool, speaky-easy-ness.  You'll just have to find it.  (Think of it as a fun game.)The pizza is frickin' awesome.  The crust is thin and perfect.  And for the price, including a drink, it's an amazing value for a quick bite, or for some late night gnoshing after some drinking.Don't think that you'll be able to go and gather around a table.  It's not a pizza parlour.  Stools.  Counter tops.  Pizza.  Beer.  Awesome.
4	Definitely be prepared to wait in the late hours with all the club goers. I didn't know where it was and had to ask someone. Line doesn't move that fast and we got up there, only a few options available. We went with 2 green peppers, onions and sausage and a meat lovers. My friend and I ate the green pepper one and it was good. Loved the thin crust style. We were full so I took the other slice and gave it to my brother.A few things I didn't like.....there are no signs of what pizza is what. Basically, you just point and guess. It was a tad pricey as it was $15 for our 3 slices. Last, the pizza was a bit greasy.I would still come back though! Good quick bite if you need something to hold down the liquor.
5	If you can find this place, you win!A friend recommended this place to me and I had to ask a cosmo worker where it was.  He pointed me down this alley which looks like it should go to some restrooms.  After going down the hall though, there was this cool pizza joint.  Ordered a couple slices and it tasted AWESOME after a night of Vegas.  Maybe it was the grease.  Maybe it was the thin crisypness.  True NY Style pizza at its best!  Had a couple slices here on both of my trips to Vegas this year and will definitely return.
5	OMG this was some of the best pizza I've ever had.Went here with the mister around 8pm on a Sunday. No long line.  Awesome! We both got the ricotta and garlic and I got an additional slice of the green bell with sausage. I love that the crust was thin but with good flavor and that they serve you your drinks in red plastic cups hahha. Very comfy.Yeah, there are no little signs to tell you what's what, but the guys there DO speak fluent English so you can just ask! Duhhhh. And if you have such a big problem with talking to people and asking questions, you can just point at whatever catches your eye. There ARE some combos that they don't have on the counter that are on shelves underneath.  You're guaranteed a fresh slice because that stuff is just going constantly.I love that the place is not marked/listed on any directory and that you have to travel down a long hallway off the main part of the floor to find it.  Makes it feel kinda special.  Definitely coming back to try some of their other pizzas the next time I'm in Las Vegas!
4	Favorite slice of "normal" pizza I have had in Las Vegas!  And I have lived here for five years!Dubbed the "the secret pizza place" it is located on the 3rd floor, situated next to the elevator, in a brown hallway. We waited 30 minutes for a slice of pizza.  Why the long wait?  People were walking up and ordering whole pies and they couldn't keep up with the demand.  Hence the -1 star.  They should be constantly making pizzas for the customers wanting just a slice.  When we finally got up to the front, they only had a pepperoni & mushroom pizza.  There are two things in life that my husband hates: mustard and mushrooms.  But since they said it would be at least another 10 minutes before a cheese or pepperoni pizza came out, we each grabbed a $4 slice and walked out the door.We found a seat near the pool table and each took a bite.  DELISH!  Crust has a good chew, good flavor in the sauce and the cheese is fresh.  Pepperoni and mushrooms were tasty too. My husband even ate the whole thing! The slice was definitely a good size and I was full after just one.It was so good that I have been thinking about it all day today.This will be my go-to place in The Cosmopolitan for a cheap dinner! :)
4	Yum.....pizza! After standing in line for about 30 minutes on a CRAZY Saturday night (Adele AND Death Cab for Cutie were playing at the Cosmo) with pizza smells wafting towards me, I finally got to the ordering station. One white pizza with ricotta cheese on display and since I saw some guy order this pizza that the lady had to get from underneath the ones showcased, I ordered that too. I loved the white pizza with the ricotta cheese.....yum! Flavorful, but it was a bit cold. The meatlovers pizza was hot and pretty dang tasty too! No pictures were taken as I was starved to the bone. Crust was made the way I like it and everything about it was delicious. I'm not a pizza connoisseur by any means, but I think it was great and for those who need a late night snack this is the perfect place to go!PS. Try the cheesecake....a fairly large slice and really really awesome!
4	Ok I went here around 11pm on the 24th and had 2 slices of white pizza. One word: BOMB.! When we walked in the place wasn't busy at all. There were a few people there but no one in line.  When I looked at the pizza I was underwhelmed being that I looked at some pictures on Yelp 10 minutes before. The pizza looked liked it had been sitting there a while. I ordered a slice of white pizza anyway, and the lady put it in the oven for a few seconds. When she took it out of the oven it looked like it had came back to life! And when I ate it...it gave me life! It was delicious and the crust is super thin. The crust sort of tasted like a crunchy breadstick. It was really good! And my friends got the meat pizza and said that t was good too! I'm giving it 4 stars only because the cashier was sort of lackluster at first, even though she seemed to lighten up after a while. And also because there is virtually no seating ! Other than those minor things...the place  is great.!
5	This place is hidden behind the clear/silver elevator across from STK.  It's not on any maps & it's down a hallway.  They had the best think crust pizza.  If you don't like pizza sauce they have a "white" slice and it has no tomato sauce.  Just cheese & garlic.  It's only $3.50 for a slice, however the soda in a red cup is the SAME price.  I thought that was a bit  much.  As soon as you come up the escalator stay straight ahead and you'll see it .
5	CHEAP AND GOOD PIZZA(drunk OR sober). 3rd floor of the cosmo. Gotta walk down this long hall and BAM a pizza place? yep. I feel like the definition of a hole in the wall. I had a slice of the mushroom pizza and it was delicious. My BF works at a pizza place so I get way too much pizza all the time, but this place was really good and I was really happy. They also serve Pabst beer in a red solo cup. Classy! Next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely come by again and try some of the other types of pizza.
5	This is one of my favorite joints in town.What started off as a "Where's Waldo" type of eating establishment, has quickly become the staple of anyone's Cosmo visit. Nestled in a secret hallway on the third floor, this pizza joint features a vintage arcade cabinet and pinball machine, flatscreen tv usually playing Sportscenter and oh yeah, delicious freakin' pizza!I have only frequented this place as a late night, drunken jaunt when I'm stricken by hunger pains and the buzz has started to wear off. However, this place can serve as a great lunch/dinner option as well.The pizza is flat and delicious, the beer is from the tap and the decor is vintage. What isn't to love?!
4	i don't know if it was because it was 4 am or because i drank more than normal, but this pizza was so tasty!  yes, it took an hour to get the pizzas but it seemed freshly made and well, it was 4 am.  thanks for saving us from starvation, pizzeria @ cosmopolitan!
5	Pizzeria is an interesting juxtaposition against its landlord the Cosmopolitan.  It is almost everything the Cosmo is not.Attractive employees? No.  Attitudes?  No.  *Fast and efficient?  Yes.  Classy?  No (red cups, Pabst Blue Ribbon, boxed wine).  Friendly?  Yes.  Relatively cheap?  Yes.If you have trouble finding it, take the escalators to the 3rd floor and ask any of the neighboring establishments and they'll point you in the right direction.Manufactured aura aside, the NY style pizza is one of the best I had.  In fact, buddies and I came here on 3 different occasions within a span of 12 hours.  Slices are served scorching hot so be prepared to scrape the roof of your mouth if you're famished and can't wait.  Trust me, well worth the 2nd degree burns.  *If you don't want to wait more than 15 minutes, pick from the selection there or call ahead and order a whole pie.  Counters only, no seats but plush love seats are available about 15 yards away.
4	Just like so  many Yelpers have already said, "This place is about as good as it gets for NY Style Pizza" I love super thin crust pizza with a good amount of grease. Yes, that sounds gross but come on, don't we all love a little greasy pizza?Definitely try the White Cheese Pizza, Meatball Pizza and just plain ole' Cheese Pizza. Take the escalator from the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan at the West End (where the shops and restaurants are). Take a right and walk towards the pool table. Just behind that you will see a hallway leading to the unmarked pizza joint.  It's basically between the sushi place on the left and tapas restaurant on the right. Not hard to find since the word has gotten out about this "secret" place. You will not only smell the pizza, but see lots of people eating it out in the main lounge areas on the 3rd floor.
5	NY style pizza, thin crispy crust and tasty meatballs!  Relatvely cheap eat on the strip..Only problem is so hard to find this place.  It is so hidden next to the sushi restaurant
5	This is the best slice of White Pizza I've had in Vegas.There are 2 things that seem to be lacking in Vegas, those are BBQ and NY Style Pizza. Now with the "Hidden" Pizza place I can scratch NY style pizza off that list.The crust is perfect, the sauce and toppings are great, the service is usually pretty fast, and the prices are shockingly affordable for somewhere inside a high end property.Have the white pizza you won't regret it!!!
5	so good. not totally expensive per slice. fresh. yummy
5	I am a lover of New York style thin crust pizza and this place definitely delivered. At this visit, I tried a slice with meatballs and pepperocinis and a meat lovers. They had the right mixture of heat, grease, sauce and cheese. I will definitely be going back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Best white pizza I have ever had.  Great crispy crust.  Delicious cheese.Sweet roasted garlic.Rich and Creamy ricotta cheese.  Don't be afraid to ask for a free refill for your coke before you walk back out into the Vegas heat.
5	Went here on Sunday afternoon with a friend and his daughter. What a great little find! Had a great slice of cheese pizza for only $3.50. I can't even get a slice that good for that little at home, nevermind anywhere in Las Vegas on The Strip! 3rd floor.. that's all I'm saying.Follow your nose!
4	Checked out this secret spot right after I saw the free Naked & Famous concert @ the Blvd pool.  Crazy enough, I've passed by this place a majority of the time I've come to the Cosmo but never noticed it.  The hallway is right next to Blue Ribbon, wedged right next to the restaurant on the right of it.The hallway was clearly decorated with vintage album covers.  At the end of the hallway there were 2 pinball games (a Vegas & Monopoly machine) & a Galaga!  I got the white pizza and my friend got regular cheese w/ mushrooms.  Initially, I didn't really like the taste of the white pizza($4), because whatever cheeses are thrown to them, but after it cooled off a bit, it was actually pretty tasty.  My friends pizza had a nice crispy crust with little sauce but was still really good overall.This place is a good & cheap spot to go if you're on a budget.
5	i wrote this on my cosmopolitan review but....if your pizza can taste better than NY pizza... it's GG.i ate this two days in a row. ASK PEOPLE where this is.. there are no signs for this pizza place!
4	To me this place is the best hidden pizza joint on the strip. What do I mean about that?First off, my friend and I walked all of the first floor and second floors and back in the first floor but no sign of this place. We even saw some dude that ran inside the casino with a box of pizza, we wanted to ask but the guy was to fast through the exit doors, we just missed em'  I had to ask a Cosmo casino security directions to this place. This is what to remember take the elevator to the third floor, make a right from the elevator, there you will see a small hall way full of photos, finally the hidden gem. You have choices of a full pie or slices: $5 slices? Expensive but your in the Cosmo but hey they back it up with some bomb-ass pizzas. What I saw is that they have some pizzas ready in the kitchen, the choices: white, plain cheese, pepperoni, meat lovers, and supreme you choose a slice then they reheat it for you or you can order by request and customize it made fresh, which there is a pizza guy who makes pies in front of you, and to top it off they offer free re-fills on soda purchases.The first visit my choice was the meat lovers, not as dry, but the flavor still holds up. Same thing goes on my second visit still flavorful and all I had was a white cheesed pizza. Their pizza dough ain't old, and stale that leaves it bland like other joints but it's so opposite of that. It's NY style pizzas here that makes you wanting more.This is the first place that I've used garlic powder for pizzas which is provided on the counter along with crushed peppers and Parmesan. I've learned that the garlic powder adds taste and seasoning to an already awesome pie, it compliments it and thanks to this place Ive learned something new.This joint is small, only two chairs inside , you might want to hangout where there is a pool table outside  if its not crowded theres a few sofas to get comfy. I found that if your coming from the second floor just take the escalator to the third floor go straight left were you see a small hallway of portraits. Very hidden I must say, no signs here, but worth finding.If your just coming out of a club and your wanting to wash away the drunkeness, I recommend this place this pizzeria will be that anti-hangover.
5	Finally a solid NY slice on the Strip. Hidden away next to the pool table but so worth the trip. Great white pizza too.
4	Totally worth the wait.  Great taste combinations.  After waiting 20 minutes in line I opted to buy enough slices to create a large size pizza rather than wait another 45 minutes for a large to cook.  That was a bit pricey.  I will definitely go back next time im in vegas!
5	I felt like I HAD to go here when everyone was mentioning the "secret" pizza place.  Following my fellow Yelp-ers directions, we stumbled upon this place and the smells were amazing!I kept it simple and we got a slice of the white pizza and the regular pepperoni pizza (we had just eaten at Pink's so we were a bit full).  Brought the slices back to the hotel (mistake, btw.  I should've eaten it right away.  They're best when hot from the oven!) and devoured it.  The food was soooooooo awesome and easy on the wallet.  I definitely wanna go back!
4	4.5 stars.Came down with a 24 hour stomach flu the day before my flight to Las Vegas.  My symptoms were passing, so I decided to put my stomach to the test and feed it some NY style pizza.  Hunted this place down like a hungry dog.    Not the easiest place to find as the yelp address states it's simply in The Cosmopolitan.  Don't bother looking at the hotel's directory as this hole-in-the-wall is not listed.  Instead I asked a beautiful casino hostess and she directed me to the third floor via the circular elevators (circa Star Trek Next Generation).I immediately spot the unmarked corridor of wood floors and vinyl record walls and eagerly follow the scent of pizza.  Place is tiny with standing room only along the perimeter counter.  Ambiance is like a NYC pizzeria, in stark contrast to the lobby from which I came and complete with two pin ball machines and a flat screen playing sports.Among the three to four different varieties, I ordered their cheese pizza with delectable chunks of blue cheese.  I squeezed a place along the rail and added me some pepper flakes and indulged into one of the best NY-style pizzas I've ever tasted (sorry NYC!).  Perfect crust, cheese was heavenly and despite its lubed greasiness, the orgasmic blue cheese loved me long time.  So long in fact, I dreamt about it later that night.  And the day after.  I vowed to make it back, but so much of Vegas got in my way :(#Yelp:  041/365
5	No joke it is a hole in the wall on the third floor of the Cosmo In-between 2 very nice restaurants. Not only was this prolly some of the best pizza my wife and I have ever had.... They have PBR on tap and serve it to you in a red keg cup. It made me feel like I was in high school again.Now that we are home my wife won't stop talking about this ridiculous pizza.Amaze balls go eat it now and thanks to yelpers for bringing us there.
5	If you are anywhere near the Cosmopolitan you must grab a slice of pizza here! At $3.50 a slice and $.50 per topping, this NY style pizza is just what one needs to curb that Vegas party appetite. Even better at 3 am after playing an awesome game of craps and lovely with a coke.The service is great here and just beware that if you want a whole pizza you should call ahead. There's almost always a line no matter what time of day or night you visit this hidden pizzeria. During my four day trip to Las Vegas I came back to the pizzeria three times. Now that I'm back in Honolulu I only wish I could magically transport myself down to that little hallway. Crispy crust, amazing pepperoni and just what the doctor ordered when you're hungry and waking up in Vegas!Yelp 365 Challenge: #34/365 (The Slice)
4	Overall: Great pizza for a steal in Vegas.I would have never known about this place if it hadn't been for the nice concierge on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan while my mom and I were wandering around. He walked us over to this huge door and swung it open to reveal a hallway with a pinball game and loud rock music. The set-up is similar to a NY pizzeria in that there are no tables, just bars where you can stand and eat or grab an empty stool. I ordered a cheese slice for $3.50 which is unheard of in Vegas. The slice was really good! We went back there a couple of times during our visit when we didn't want to spend an arm and a leg for a meal.
3	Pabst on tap, good fresh pizza, great prices.
4	Prices went up.  Still a good deal on the Strip, but not a super good deal.  This makes me sad :(Oh, and the pizza is still yumtastic.
4	One of the best things about staying at Cosmo, you can go back to your room, change in to some flats and go back down to get some pizza. Love this "secret" pizza, long lines, but goes pretty quickly drunk talking in line. Pizza is tasty and fresh, pretty cheap too for being a Vegas restaurant.
5	So amazing! Talk about hole-in-the-wall.Take the escalators up to the third floor and veer left. Ignore the tapas bars and swanky restaurants that charge $30 a plate to your right. Head for a small hallway lined with kooky vintage vinyl cover art and you'll find yourself at one of the best hidden gems Vegas has to offer.We were starving and broke in Vegas (surprise, surprise) and found our way here thanks to glowing Yelp reviews. Boyfriend and I shared three slices and a PBR between us for about $17. There were no tables, just bar space for about five people, and the bars were taken up. We took our pizza out to the lounge area on the third floor landing and ate between some pool tables and a nonfunctional record player. The pizza was delicious New York style, very flavorful and fresh. They had yummy selections like meatball and pepperoncini. We waited in line for about 15 minutes, but it was totally worth it.Hip, cheap, and tasty! Nothing more to say. :)
1	I don't know why everyone says this place is SO SO great? I guess if you like super greasy, sop up 2 napkins pizza, with mediocre toppings and mediocre crust, this is the place!  Upon entering through a cool little 'alley way' you are greeted with a real mess of paper plates, rinds of crust on the floor, full trash can, etc.  They didn't even reheat the slices in the oven before handing it over. I assume most of these reviews are from the long line of intoxicated patrons in their best 'clubbin' gear eating greasy goodness to sober up.  I guess everything does taste better when you're drunk. Maybe this would be a 5 star review if I was s@*t wasted.
2	What are people judging this place on????  Is it the food or the atmosphere?  The atmosphere sucked.  There are barely any stools and the counters were dirty.  I went here totally sober and the pizza is just mediocre.  It's not bad, it just okay.  I wouldn't go out of my way to come here for pizza as it's not that special.   On the other hand, if I was totally wasted and starving at 3am in the morning after a night of partying... then this place certainly makes sense.  Guys don't bring your girl here on a date!  And girls if your bf brings you here on a date, take my advice and ditch him.  Your guy is just cheap and you deserve better.
5	It's like the Secret Garden in pizza world.Cheap/Affordable slice or whole pies in Vegas? And at the Cosmopolitan? Are u kidding me? Am I in heaven???4 simple yet sexy worded instructions: ORDER THE WHITE PIZZAWe ordered a whole pie for the 3 of us and did 1/2 of it white and the other 1/2 with 3 toppings - sausage, green bell peppers and meatballs (I was only allowed 2 slices of the white, cheat meal madness!).What did I think of the pizza? Umm...my panties were soaked, my nips got super hard and I was still drooling over the delicious ricotta cheese they used on the pizza, even after we all finished up and walked out of the secret little hole.I'm "cumming" back here for sure!
4	The pizza was alright. The reason why I am a fan is because of the price, about $3 a slice. The pizza tastes almost like Costco pizza, so it's really nothing special, but it's probably the cheapest decent bite you'll get at the Cosmo. It's a nice place to go to after dancing the night away at Marquee because you can lounge around while having cheap pizza and wine. My friends and I sat on the comfy chairs to rest our damaged feet while my boyfriend played pool by himself. I didn't even finish all of my pizza, but I didn't waste it either because a few of our friends happened to bump into us and they massacred the rest of my pizza.
4	The first time I walked down the hallway, I mistook it for a bathroom. Completely full from a disappointing dinner at the Wicked Spoon, I just walked out.Second time around was after a Yelp event. I was not hungry, but after all the talk about the pizza I caved and had a piece. No regrets because the white pizza is a must try. Garlic sauce, ricotta cheese, and mozzarella is always a great combination. In fact, I wish I never went to the Spoon and spent that money on two of these pies. The crust is perfection. I am selfish and go for the dark pieces because that is where the magic lies. That crunch still replays itself as I am writing this.As always, come with friends, because good food should always be accompanied with good conversation. Sit outside by the pool table for comfortable chitchat and forget about it.
4	It just cracks me up that this Pizzeria is still not getting any publicity on The Cosmopolitan's own website.  But that's not such a bad thing really, as it keeps the location mysterious and 'in the know' plus it makes it kind of fun in discovering it.  The spot is literally hidden from view and the only way I found it was when I saw some dude come out from a dark hallway with a big box of pizza.  I ordered two slices and they were delicious!  You especially have to try their White Pizza with Ricotta and Mozzarella Cheese.  It was my favorite slice.  Take a look at their slices......(http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=ncKnJNu1chqnamZNqPvfxg) they're huuge NY Style thin slices.  Very good and actually pretty filling.  The slices can range from $4.50-$6 depending the toppings which are a little pricey but considering that the slices are extra large and are very tasty, the price is pretty much justified.It's nice to see more quality pizza joints open up on the Strip.  With this spot and La Pizza, I'm glad that I can pick up a slice for a cheap lunch or even for a late night snack.  If you have a big group, you definitely can't go wrong with ordering a pie from here.
4	Just got home from watching a boring field-goal game between the Cowboys and Skins.  My 2nd time in Cosmo and I finally found the Pizzeria.  No signs to get there, had to ask around. On the 2nd flr. you gotta go thru a hallway covered in album covers (kinda reminded me of Bubble Gum Alley in SLO).The place was a dive inside a Vegas Casino. And I loved it.  Pizza by the slice.  Had the pepperoncini and the meatball slice.  I should've saved room for the cheesecake, cuz it looked ridiculous.  Short and Simple was the menu.  You go there to eat and that's it.
5	I visited Vegas and partied the night away with the besties.  After, one of my friends suggested this hidden pizza place that you basically have to find on your own..She stated that this pizza place has "NY PIZZA"..hmmmm being from NY it automatically flared a red flag.  I was a little negative about that statement but I decided to give it a shot.We walked around barefoot (shoes in hand) and asked many security guards of where this place was and the response we got were fingers pointing in weird directions.  YES they DO NOT tell you exactly where it is, you have to find it on your own! (what a pain in the ass) I hoped this pizza was worth it for all this run around BS.We finally found it and we were greeted to a line of people outside of a narrow hallway...GREAT!...but as soon as I saw the pizza pies lined up against the glass window like NY pizzerias are, I started to think positively of this whole situation.  They had white pizza, regular, pepperoni, sausage..etc.  I had the sausage and mushroom and a small soda, it came out to 5 something and change, ok close to an NY price.Now the real test..took my first bite.....and YES it was freakin GOOD!  I swear I heard "Dream Weaver" play in the background..LOL.  The crust was crisp, sauce and cheese was just right, it wasn't greasy or soggy...ahh man! brings back memories!I had ONE SLICE...what a mistake! I would get a whole pie next time..It isn't better than NY pizza but I must say, It is as good as it gets!
3	Its good pizza.  Kinda wish the toppings wouldn't fall off so easily.  That was the annoying part.If you don't have time make sure to call in your order or just come and buy pre-made slices.  It took half an hour to make the pizza.Good location.  Good hours (can go here after the club).
5	I don't live in NY but Ive been there. Ive even had pizza there. This place had pizza better than the 4 slices I tried in NY. According to my wife, a NY native, this is how NY pizza is!!! Its nostalgically home
4	Perfect way to end a night of clubbing from Marquee at the Cosmopolitan. It took a little while to find this place since there are no signs, but since I was a little tipsy and impatient of just walking around, I kindly asked one of the security bouncers where it was and he pointed me right to it. I feel like people would want to go to this pizzeria only because it's sort of a novelty - there's no sign, it's hidden in a long hallway with old school arcade video games, and you feel special when you know where it is since not many people do. The style of pizza served is NY pizza - it's got that nice thin crust and large cut slices. The pricing per slice is very reasonable and they're open late for the after clubbing crowd to get their late night munchies.Only downside is that you have to find a place to sit outside in the general area on some of the couches there - which can be a little dirty with remnants of pizza from the last person sitting there.
5	awesome, just awesome. great value. great hours. the white pizza is so damn good.
5	A perfect bite after a night of drinking and dancing, enough to soak up the alcohol and slap you back to sobriety. My BFF and I decided to play a round of pool after the club and after hustling it from several unsuspecting men, treated ourselves to pizza. From what I can remember at 4am, the place wasn't marked with obvious signs of house made pizzas. But what was vivid was kicking off our heels, putting our feet up and enjoying my glorious cheese pizza- with extra money in our purses.
5	80s arcade nostalgia and some bomb pizza.This secret pizza joint is hidden on the 3rd floor near the pool table down a long hall.  Very cool decor with pinball machines and just has a 80s kid hangout vibe to it.  They are open late and the pizza is damn good.White pizza - thin crust with little mounds of ricotto cheese dispersed all over.  Add whatever toppings your feeling.  I went with mushroom, olives, and peppercinis and it was real good.Beer - PBR or Stone IPA served in the red party cups, sweet!I also saw some people getting single slices and adding a ton of toppings like sausage and meatball slices, looked like a meat lovers paradise.Cool spot , good price, open late.
1	Overhyped & overpriced!FOODThe pizza is NY Style thin crust. It was OKAY, not spectular enough to be worth $5 a slice! I've had wayyy better pizza for half the price. IMO costco pizza even tastes better.White pizza - Just okay. Really heavy-handed on the ricotta. There was just thick globs of it scattered everywhere.Cheese pizza - Average. Kinda greasyMushroom - AverageSausage & pepperoni - Probably the better one of them all. It actually had some flavor to it. SERVICESUCKED! Pretty much you walk up to the counter and the person takes your order. The lady who helped us was rude. Honestly seemed like she HATED her job. Just gave us her frowning face & asked us what we wanted. The pizzas were just laid on the counter in front of her and it didn't even really look all appealing. But since we made it all the way here, we might as well order. She only warmed up two out of our 4 slices. So our food was half warm, half cold. AMBIANCEThis place is on the 3rd floor of cosmopolitan near the Blue Ribbon Sushi place. But there are no signs mentioning the pizza place. At first, we couldn't find it and had to ask someone where it was. The lady just said to walk down the long halfway & it'll be there. The place is pretty much just a counter with some side counters and chairs to eat but that's pretty much it. Nothing memorable.Definitely won't be back. Come on Cosmopolitan, I would have expected better dining places!
4	The pizza is pretty good, but the price is rather inflated (I guess it just goes hand-in-hand with the Vegas lifestyle).  The types of pizza are unique, and the crust is of the thin floppy variety.  They also offer garlic bread (balls..blobs..?) that are decent.  There is limited counter space to stand at, and even more limited stools on which to sit.  They also have some arcade games, and the walls of the mini alley are lined with countless photos which was pretty neat.My biggest woe is that it took forever to find!  The Cosmopolitan doesn't have any signs up for it, and it's hidden in this alley way to the right of an Asian restaurant, near a non-functional glass elevator, 3rd floor.  Don't bother with Google Maps walking directions either, it takes you outside where you can smell the darned pizza baking but you can't see it!  Talk about a rough night...
5	Food: Its pizza. Its great!Price: $4.50/slice + 50 cents per toppingService: You seat yourself. 6 or 7 people can sit at the place. It's very casual. Open Seating. The guys taking the order were nice. Location: Its hidden, but its on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan at the end of the hallway opposite the pool table
4	The semi-secret hidden down the hallway pizza place in the Cosmopolitan. It's definitely a great place to grab a slice of pizza before or after clubbing at Marquee - be prepared as there usually is a line especially when a lot of people are leaving the club. It's not a huge place but the decor definitely reminds me of a hole in the wall pizza joint. The pizza is good, but the only drawback is the price. It is on the pricier side for a slide or even a whole pie. They are definitely known for their white pizza too.
4	LOVE me some NYC style pizza and and so called "secret" pizza spot is not going to keep me from eating it!  Especially when a hangover needs curing!Not one person in this place on a Thursday afternoon, but that's OK, because seating is sparse.  Loved the pizza I tried and it was the perfect prep for a drink heavy night. Credit card machine wasn't working, so I'm not sure what would have happened had we done carry out. I love the fact that this place is easy and fast.  Not everything in Vegas needs to be over the top.
5	I heard from a little bird that this place was a hidden treasure at the Cosmo. They were right! Located in a semi-hidden alley on the 3rd floor across from the pool tables. Just go all the way in and it looks like a quick stop pizza shop like in New York. It was $4.50 per slice and I haven't had New York style pizza this good since I was last in New York!! The thin crust and the super-elongating-cheese-when-you-bite-into-it-just-like-in-the-movies is heaven! I love how this is open late and we just came out of Marquee and satisfed our late night cravings. For being surrounded by $$$$ restaurants, this place is awesome. Thank you Cosmo for giving at least one cheaper food option. Only con: very limited seating in there (maybe like 6-8 stools). You have to go outside and eat. My friend and I just ate on the couches by the pool tables.
3	3 1/2 stars to be honest. Not too shabby, Abby!  Ended up going here after the Yelp event at Chino Poblano a few weeks ago.  Even though Jose Andres and his crew did fill me up with the great goodies and libations, the lady and I were curious about how good this 'hidden' pizzeria at The Cosmopolitan was.  After gambling off the buzz we had (boy does losing money sober you up quick), we were off to the 3rd floor.  Folks were right on the money, you'll see the hidden hallway going to the pizzeria right near the pool table.  One massive line later (damn was it busy with people dressed in sequins for some reason) we were finally at the front.  I had no clue what to order since most of the slices looked pretty good.  I went with what a lot of yelpers said was tasty, the cheese slice with ricotta.  Must be pretty good because when I went to order it, the cook took out a hidden pie from below from what was already out on the counter!  Kinda like a secret menu item, eh?  Back it went into the oven for a quick reheat.  I'm not big on the reheating of a pie but I guess there ain't much choice here because the line seems constantly busy.  The price?  $11 for 2 slices, kinda ehhhh for me on that front (I guess I'm a cheapie.  Sue me.)  because at a place like Broadway Pizzeria you can get an entire large pie for nearly the same price.  And yes, the pizza at Broadway is a good NY style thin crust!The 2 slices of cheese and ricotta we had at The Cosmopolitan?  Luckily, they were pretty good!  Good flavor and a crunchy crust pleased me pretty well.  I liked my slice even better with red pepper, oregano, and garlic on top.  However the slices seemed a bit smaller than what I've recently seen on the reviews here.  Economic crunch perhaps?  Price and portion made me had to knock off a few points here.  It really left me wanting a bigger slice.  Although considering this is the Strip it's not too expensive for a meal.  The pizza pie is good, but I think it's cheaper if you and a few folks go in and just order an entire pie around the $20 range with toppings.  Save some dough, and then eat it!Service was fast and friendly, but pay attention to the prices!  Good thing for Yelp, I avoided the overpriced drink in a small red cup!  Seriously, almost $4 for a soda in a regular red party cup with no lid?  I'd rather buy an extra slice of pizza and live with the minor halitosis from the extra shake of garlic I'd be putting on!  Ha Ha, does the pizzeria know folks get a Heineken from the casino downstairs for just $1 tip?  Ooooh, good idea!  I think I'll do that next time!  Pizza and beer.....winning!
4	I came here on a regular day (weekday) at a regular time (not after a club) so it was easy to get a slice of pizza in this cozy joint. I'd recommend coming during non-busy hours so you can just appreciate its existence and product.The quality was great, the staff was awesome, and the prices were fair.I forgot what I got exactly but it had yummy melted balls of mozzarella on it.I really like how it's sort of a secret and you don't really know it's there unless someone tells you. Secret pizza joints own.
4	THis place is seriously hidden. There are no directions for it on the boards between the floors.. If we didnt know it was already there, by word of mouth, I never would have gone, and never known it was there in the 1st place. a guy at school told me about this place (CSN) and said dang if you want good pizza ck it out.A friend came in from out-of-state and we were strolling along the strip.. stopped by to grab a slice. soo good. I had a reg. cheese w/ ricotta damn it was good. the bf had the same and a meat lovers.. didnt look too great 2 me but to each their own. Ck it out .. its a must try at least once. !
5	Oh PIZZERIA how I love thee! My favorite part about this place, other than the delicious pizza, is the fact that it's sort of a secret. You wont see any signs, you cant find it on a map, everyone knows how delicious the pizza is BUT no one knows where its at- at least until you finally find it :b it's in this tiny little wedge in the wall at the Cosmopolitan.SO, ordered a sausage, green pepper, and garlic pizza pie. Yes, it cost around $20+ but it was sooooo worth it. The menu is simple and your not gonna find a whole lot of fancy food items, just the regular stuff (Pepperoni, sausage, cheese, peppers, onions, etc.). Did I mention that they serve beer? Sure, the cheap stuff, but you cant go wrong with delicious pizza and cheap beer. The joint is small, AND I MEAN SMALL, a couple counter tops and a few arcade games and pinball machines. I recommend taking your order to go. If you want, theres a small game lounge area across from the entrance where you can sit and enjoy your delicious pizza.
5	Waaaaooooow!!!  Thank goodness for friends who know of good food!  Yes, it really is just by word of mouth.  DEFINITELY perfect after too-much-drinking-too-much-dancing (..or never too much).That's right, there are no signs or advertisements that will assist in you finding this place.  So hopefully, you have knowledgeable foodie friends or ... just ask around.It is a bit pricey, but I'm sure the non-sober ones don't care about price at 3 AM.  After clubbing, went back to the room (b/c we were ballin' and stayed at Cosmo), changed out of our heels, and split a large pizza between 5 girls. Sausage, mushrooms, and ricotta cheese (I think!).  Divine!  I've missed NY style pizza, and I haven't been able to find a good place back in SoCal.  The crust was light, crispy but a tad soft.  We ate it right then and there by some couches, so the cheese was so goooooey!giiiiit it!
3	Good pizza.  Good prices.  An incredibly long wait.  After reading reviews I just had to stop here for some late night pizza.  I knew the wait would be long especially when I saw the line out the door.  It took a little over 30 minutes to get through the line.  I ordered two slices to get some variety and both were very good.  There are very few seats (probably about 5 or 6 total) so be prepared to take your pizza elsewhere.  I'm glad I tried it and will probably return again, but it isn't the best pizza I've ever had like some claim.  Good for some late night eats.
5	Move. the. hell. over, Earl of Sandwich. I found a new late-night lover and it's NY style pizza in Vegas. My girlfriend raved about this place, while I rolled my eyes and insisted we go to Earl instead. She convinced me and we walked on over after a long night at the Marquee (both conveniently located in the Cosmo) and we were all speechless after our first bite. We ordered a combo of white cheese, sausage, pepperoni, and mushrooms. I've never been a HUGE fan of pizza, but this thin, wide slice was simple and flawless. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=3cIZSbjXqJxr59N_84xHKQDo you remember when Leonardo, Michelangelo, Donatello, and Raphael (TMNT) ended their adventure by tearing down a slice of ooey gooey cheese pizza? WE FELT EXACTLY LIKE THAT (or at least I did).
5	Best pizza I have ever had in life.
3	came here on Monday, no line. its good, but not to go out of your way good.  price is reasonable, it is hard to find. but that was the fun of it trying to find it.  no name, no sign.  if your clubbing @ the Cosmo and your have the munchies this is your place.  they use fresh toppings, crust is thin and very tasty.
4	Upon visiting the Pizzeria (aka Secret Pizza as I enjoy calling it) I was a bit miffed at the service. Typically when I have been here the service has been consistent with the nice guys working the pizza ovens and whoever happens to be cashiering.I went with some friends to get a slice of pizza before the Foster The People concert on a Thursday night. When we were there the place wasn't too busy, luckily. When we walked up to the counter they were right then bringing a pepperoni pizza out of the oven, so we all got a slice of that pizza.However, when I went up to pay the (obviously) unhappy girl at the register was fairly rude to me. Previously before my friends had gotten there I ordered a Coke and had been drinking it. I simply asked if I could have some more ice in my Coke, and pretty snottily she asked me if I also wanted a refill. Well, sure, yes I said and she got me the refill. Honestly I hate to drop stars of places because someone may have been having a bad day, but I've read reviews of this place that have noted the service at the counter has been less than nice. Therefore I stand by dropping my 5 star rating to a 4 star for now.
5	(THANK YOU YELP FOR INFORMING ME OF THIS HIDDEN TREASURE!!)Contrary to the typical Strip places, this place is NOT pretentious and NOT overpriced. FYI, this place is located on the 3rd flow of the Cosmopolitan.  The entrance looks like a narrow hallway to the restrooms.  Its opening is adjacent to the pool table.  There is no sign.This is the best pizza I have had outside of nyc.  Whatever this place is called, it has a loyal follower for life.
2	Heard and heard and heard about the 'secret' pizzeria in the Cosmopolitan... and after a night at the club we stopped here to try it out. I got the pepperoni pizza and the white pizza just for the heck of it... and at $5 a slice... it was pretty cheap because the slices are huge! The pepperoni was good... but really, for me, nothing to dance about! Granted I've never been to New York (YET) so I can't compare... but it really didn't do anything for me. I had a bite of the white pizza but threw it away... it tasted... off... for lack of a better word. :( Wish I could give this place more stars s but I just can't... I'll have to swing over to Earl of Sandwich (which I never got to try) next time!Oh... and the cashier (skinny tall blonde)... needs to work on her customer service skills!
3	meh it was OK. had 2 slices of pepperoni and a salad. im just not a fan of these pizza by the slice, buffet style pizzerias.  cool place though, and the guys working seemed pretty cool my buddy spilt his beer and one of the workers was given him shit, it was funny and it was all in good fun.
4	Eating here proved to me that while you can replicate nearly everything about the NYC slice, what really matters is the water in NYC (or wait, is that bagels?).What I mean is...close but not quite NYC pizza.But that's okay. You're not in New York. You're in Las Vegas. Finding this place is most of the fun.
5	THE BEST CHEESE PIZZA ON EARTH!!!! Tucked away... Great price on a whole pizza at 4 am to scarf after dancing at Marquee...drinks served in red keg cups...love it
4	The pizza here is probably one of the best I've ever had .  They cook it  there in front of you - so you know it's fresh and boy does it taste good!I am marking them down because their selection of toppings was so very poor.  When asked whether they did chicken or beef toppings, they said they only did ham and salami and looked at me as if I were crazy!!  What kind of pizza place doesn't have a chicken or beef option???  Weird!Note that this is not really an eat in place, just a take out joint - well worth it though.
5	Best pizza in town hands down.. My best friend actually lives in the suburbs of Las Vegas and we still make a trip down to the cosmo for this pizza... I usually get the white pizza and ask them to add salami on it and make it well done (so it's nice and crispy)... if you haven't tried this place yet, you need to.
5	on the higher end of the price side for pizza but goes to show you get what you pay for. i have been there quite a few times nowon the note of the location of it, it really is extremely hidden you could walk by the entrance a million times and never see it, in fact i did walk past it atleast 5-6 times if not more before asking the security people where it was.DIRECTIONS YOULL NEED:its on the 3RD FLOORwhen you go up the escalator (assuming you come up the same one i did lol) youll see a pool table to your left and some chairs.if you look straight ahead from that escalator youll see a hallway (next to an elevator) its a very narrow small looks like an entrance that could be for the maintenance to go through, THATS IT, that brown little hallway that looks like nothing.
5	HELLOOOOO hung over food...vhere hve uuu beeeeen?? http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=18_2XSMyx0Lwl2RWNkLMpgT.H.E. place to drag your post Marquee, hung over, puked out, makeup-less ass to stuff face....if you don't mind the walk of shame, that is.  Of course there are plenty of normal ppl (Meee) lining up for the delicious NY style pizza by the slice or box. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=4NbyT2TlL2PdMyrG-0BLLA$5 per slice or $22 per box, this baby is like the 2am diiiirty hot dog on Hollywood Blvd but better. http://www.yelp.com/biz/hollywood-blvd-hotdog-vendor-hollywood#hrid:HID2ZLJ9bBGibM5yP-NX3g Don't mind the wait, chat up the stranger standing in front of you or behind you and dont' judge if someone suddenly made a mad dash out to the restroom (comes standard when you are waiting with a bunch of equally boozed out crowd).I'm actually craving for a slice right now...mmmm....pizzzaaaaa
4	4 stars only for the pizza....First lets talk about the pizza. I had heard of this place from yelp and it was on my list of spots I had to try. Well there where 10 of us in our party and we decided pizza and beer would do for dinner. We made a trip down and found the pizza place. Everyone is right, it is down an unmarked hall to a little counter with an oven and pies sitting out if you buy a slice. Small menu board, but they do have PBR on tap ($5 for a red cup) We ordered 3 pizzas with a variety of toppings. OMG this was damn good pizza. The slices where massive, but with a very thin crust and a very thin but crunchy outside crust. All very good and we only ended up with 4 left over slices.Price, I do not agree with the other reviews about value. Each pie for us was $23-24. While these are large pies they still seemed expensive. I know this is vegas and I know it is going to be more expensive, but this just seemed over the top for me.There is virtually no room to sit and eat, a couple of chairs, a little bar, and another little bar to stand and eat. If you have more then a couple of people be prepared to stand and eat.Now on to the service. This gets a 2 star. We walked in and reviewed the very simple menu. We wanted to ask a couple questions about toppings because nothing was listed on the board. The girl helping us was not helpful at all. She just kinda spewed out some "answers". Not sure if she was having a bad day, or if she does not really give a shit.... i lean towards not giving a shit. The manager offered to bring them up to the room for us as soon as they where done, we where told 30-40 min.After over an hour and still no pizza we made a call. After getting handed off to 2 people we still had no answer and no pizza. At almost the same time the manager showed up at our room, brought the pizzas in and gave us a hand getting the pizzas out. He even brought up a stack of napkins and plates. What kinda annoyed me was he then asked for a tip for bringing them up. He never said sorry for being late or anything else. If he had of called to say hey we got busy it will be a bit longer then I would of gladly handed him a tip.Overall I would 100% go get a slice and a PBR, but really don't expect much as far as service.
5	One of the best slices of pizza I've ever tried.  There's places that do certain parts of a pizza  well, but I really liked just about everything about this place.  Cool setting and atmosphere, friendly staff, and most importantly, good pizza.  I tried a slice of the white pizza and one of the supremes.  The white pizza was a perfect blend of different cheeses, garlic, and a fantastic crust.  Almost cracker like on the outside, yet moist and chewy on the inside.  While I also enjoyed the supreme, it seemed to be lacking something....hard to pin point it.  Overall, they pretty much nailed it though.
4	Giving this 4 stars mainly because of the pizza, not so much the service.A friend told me about the "secret pizza" place, so when another friend and I set up a date to meet, I suggested we try it.  Good thing that friend did some research, otherwise we may not have found it!  She knew it was near another restaurant and that it was a long hallway.  At the end of the long hallway was a pinball machine, making it look like an arcade or something.We went down the hallway and it wasn't quite what I was expecting:  it was basically a counter with a menu board, and mostly seating facing the wall on bar stools.  For some reason I expected a sit down place, or at least something with more tables.  Fortunately we were there when it wasn't that crowded.I found the menu a bit confusing - it sounded like you could order slices with customized toppings, so my friend and I were trying to figure out what we wanted since we didn't want to order a whole pizza.  Then we noticed that they already had pizzas ready to serve by the slice - we looked at them and decided on 3 slices:  pepperoni, sausage & mushroom, and cheese w/ white sauce.  We each also ordered a soda.  The total came out to just under $20.We cut each slice in half, and that was a good amount of food for us for lunch.  And the pizzas were all quite tasty!  It was definitely worth it, food wise.  The service was just okay - nothing bad, but nothing good either.  I wish the menu board was easier to figure out, maybe describing the ordering process or something.  The seating area isn't that great either, and it was pretty filthy.  When we first got there, it was slow - it seems like one of the workers could have quickly wiped down the counters before it got busy again.But, nonetheless, it was good pizza, and I'd definitely go back again (but maybe do like what some other people did and take it out into the lobby area to eat).
4	Grew up in NY and MASS and this spot Seemed pretty authentic and was clutch because i needed pizza after drinking for 3 straight days. GREAT, Closest to NYC Pizza Slice: The White Pizza with Ricotta and Garlic. TOP NOTCHGood: The Mushroom garlic was good but dident have that much potenet flavor as your would expectWorst One: The supreem with the peppers onions and shrooms. The crust was soggy almost due to the toppings, NYC would not tollerate this.Overall realllllll good ,cool secret location on thirdfloor of cosmo down what looks like a small hallway, no sign for this place anywere. Looks like a real nyc pizzeria also which was nice. Crush a slice with PBR on tap and youll be happy about it.
4	Love the hidden location although Cosmo employees clearly know and frequent it.  They have a variety of NYC thin crust style pizzas and each is served fresh out of the oven so the cheese is piping hot and crust crunchy.  You can order by the slice and simple soda drinks and beers ate available too. Good for a quick snack or craving.  Secret Pizza accepts credit cards including Amex.
5	This place actually has no name...but I guess "Secret Pizza" will do.  The NY style pizza is as good as you will get in Vegas and it is a bargain as well (on the strip).  You can get two slices and a soda (in a red dixie cup) for ~$12...not bad for a quick bite on the strip.
5	The secret pizza isn't a secret anymore. Ordered a pepperoni and mushroom pizza. It was bomb.  NY style type pizza. Place is definitely hidden. Next to earl of sandwich, it is my new place to eat .
3	i got a slice of the white pizza while really hungry and tired late at night.It was nice to find a place that served casual, cheap food on the strip. On the downside, there weren't a lot of places to sit inside, and the pizza was just kind of greasy and flat. It was okay tasting, that's it.I might go again if I'm flat broke and starving but I'm sure there are much better places nearby.
4	We ordered two whole pies: the white pizza (all cheese, with ricotta cheese glops here and there) and one with meatball, pepperoni, and mushrooms (they don't have sausage...or pineapples...sad.), and 2 cokes.Good:+ Food: NY style pizza, thin, perfectly crispy crust, delicious! Absolutely one of the best pizzas I've had. And I've had lots of pizzas. (I might even like pizza more than the Ninja Turtles.)     + Drinks: free refills! (and they have a water cooler on the side by the register)     + You can buy by the slice (~$4) or the entire pizza pie (large, ~$23?). I do recommend NOT buying by the slice though, because it's pre-made and lamp-heated.  If you buy the whole pizza, it's freshly made and baked on the spot--you'll get it in 12-25 minutes and taste how good this pie really is. It really differs in comparison.+ Tables: there are tables outside of this place to eat. You get to enjoy their pies in the mall atmosphere, with a beautiful ceiling and two areas of lush cushioned seating space.Bad:- Location: How the heck does anybody find this place?! Seriously. I didn't even really see a name outside or anything. It's just by the elevator, down a long dark hallway... over the hill and around the bush and into the woods we go.- Food: The white pizza was a little tooooo greasy for me (because of baking all that cheese, the oils secreted and oozed and dripped out everywhere giving everyone a nice coat of oily lip gloss), but still was oh-so-delicious. Just shouldn't have too much of it.....     - Also, I really like pineapple. My guess is maybe this is not a traditional NY pizza topping? But still...sadness.     - Drinks: comes in a red party cup, no lid, no straw... and our coke was kind of flat.  For ~$4 for a party cup of flat coke, I was pretty disappointed. (However, the refills were a little more fizzy than our initial drink, so I guess it's ok. Still, I'd like to have a lid and straw...)- Atmosphere: This place is really a nook in the wall. It's so tiny. There's no place to really sit and eat, but there are small counter-tops that line the wall if you want to stand around and eat. Otherwise, you should really get your pizza and GTFO. :) So others can order and try some.     - There are classic arcade games and pinball machines inside, but they don't work? It's really more for looks and atmosphere than anything. It adds charm to the place, but the space could have been used for, oh, I don't know... seats?  They probably did this for two reasons though:          1. For a classic/casual pizza atmosphere, to have some of that Vegas pizazz in that tiny little room in the back of some random obscure hallway.          2. To encourage people to not sit around and stay and just GTFO so they can serve more customers. Geniuses, they are.Ok, so I wrote more -'s than +'s in this review, but it all boils down to the food, and this is one place I'd definitely recommend to try when you're in Vegas.
4	If it wasn't for the service, Secret Pizza would have earned a 5 from me. The pizza itself was SOOOOO good. Perfect flavor for such a lovely thin pizza. There were 10 of us & we order 3 (I think $25 each). My husband went to go order them but because of the wait, we had it brought up to our suite. The 30-40 minute wait became 1.5 hour. We had to call 2x and get the run around. Finally when the pizza arrived, the delivary guy just stood around expecting a tip. I don't know what is going on in Vegas but I don't just tip for the hell of it. I earn my money... so should you. Any-hoo after the food actually came ALL of us gobbled it down... and none of us really remember that with great food, may come crap service.
3	If someone didn't tell me about this place I wouldn't have even found it! It's on the 3rd floor and you go through this narrow hallway. The line was pretty long when I was there.I really wanted a pepperoni pizza but they didn't have one ready when I got to the front so I just got one with jalapenos. I like how the pizza is freshly made and then reheated when I order it. It was good pizza, but I don't think it's anything spectacular. It's thin crusted and a large slice... I had to fold it in half to eat it!The only downfall is that there really isn't a place to sit and I ate my pizza standing next to a counter...It's great that this place opens late since I always crave late night snack after a night out... I would come back and get a whole pizza next time!
4	There are no signs leading you here, but it isn't hard to find if you know what you're supposed to be looking for. I'll decode it for you: 3rd floor where the pool table is, look for the hallway dressed in album covers & voila! Secret Pizza found! The first time I came here was in Jan but since enough alcohol will erase your memory, I couldn't remember a thing about that experience...except that a certain someone I was with, in all her drunken-ness, was claiming to be heiress to the hotel & all the equally-drunk boys around us believed her...I came here again last week, this time sober & therefore, able to write a (somewhat) coherent review. I had a huge slice topped with mushroom for about $5. Thin crust, not too oily & dee-lish with a few sprinkles of garlic powder & crushed pepper flakes. Limited counter seats, so be prepared to eat standing up. Uncover this yummy secret for yourself!
5	Really scrummy pizza. I played Ms Pacman for the first time in decades...I am still rubbish at it, but what fun! There isn't much else to say about this hidden gem. Would you go here for a candlelight dinner for two? Nope. Could it be the best slice in Vegas? Quite possibly.(Later edit: I have been back when I was the designated driver and had to up it to 5 stars! Not only is it the best slice in Vegas...it could be the best slice in the WORLD! Seriously!! It's THAT good)
4	The 4 star rating is not for the pizza alone (which is pretty good, not the best I have ever had but still very very decent, especially the white)... but rather for the "secret" factor, the location and just the fun it involves getting there, also the Cosmo is one of my favorite casinos on the strip.
3	First of all, just knowing that this place is a secret was hellah cool!!!But from the looks of all the reviews it's not so secret anymore....Most of the enjoyment for me was knowing that this place is tucked away on a certain floor of the Cosmopolitan with no name, no sign - nothing indicating that it's even there- knowing that made my experience fun.Having a drunkard unattractive man in a suit telling me and my friends while waiting in line that the pizza isn't good and he found a hair in his pizza and to eat the pizza at our own risk was pretty lame especially since him and his buisness partners left hellah trash everyhwere with not even a single crumb of the so called nasty pizza anywhere. They were seated right near the trash can but sadly were just too darn intoxicated to find the trash can or they were just slobs. Anyhow, don't be too shocked at the $4.00 price for water - if you ask for a cup they have water in a filtered jug for you.The pizza was good but not the greatest - I still love Settebello!!!But the pizza was still better than many other pizza places.Not cheap but I guess if your comparing the price here to other places in the Cosmo it's most likely the cheapest. Not many places to sit except for stools - I hate stools only places- Forget about remembering the Titans - just remeber the short people!!!They do have a Galaga arcade game!!!! I love Galaga- Wanna challenge???All in all I wouldn't go out of my way to get pizza here however if I find myself at the Cosmo I wouldn't hestitate to come back here either.
4	Spot on pizza. It takes at least 30 minutes if you order a whole pizza, so to curb your hunger you can just grab a slice... although, the freshly baked pizza is really worth waiting for if pizza is your thing.My one issue? Secret pizza is not really secret. On Saturday night it took 30 minutes to get through the line, then another 30 ,inutes as my friends and I ordered a whole pizza. At 3am - we were drunk and hungry so this was not happy time.Granted, it was Saturday on Halloween weekend so maybe it was especially packed. But if you don't want to wait in line, avoid post club hours as everyone from Marquee just makes there way over to Secret Pizza.
3	This place is a little hard to find even when you're given directions.  There are No physical signs.  It kind of cool though when you do find the trail.  I noticed some red pepper, powdered garlic, and cheese jars on a fancy table and then smelled the pizza in the air.  I followed my nose down a long corridor that opened up to this little pizza shop.  The pizza was ok.  I have had better.  Nonetheless, I bet it tastes great at 3 am after a long night at the clubs!
5	Oh Secret Pizza how I love you.  I will get in the car and go to Cosmo just to get you.  Best pizza in Vegas, perfect Brooklyn style, delicious crust, melty gooey cheese. I've been probably a dozen times since the Cosmo opened and only once has it not been the best thing ever.  Go ahead and bring a friend or two and order a whole pie because a slice only leaves you wanting more.  Plus the people watching is great, especially the nights Marquee is open and all the clubgoers  are standing in line getting pizza at 3 AM.  Also, I've seen Nelly and other celebs there before too so it's not just us little people that like the pizza hehehe
5	- No sign telling you where you are. - Open until 5 AM.- They sell PBR dispensed in red cups- The irony of having a restaurant that sells $5 slices of NY style pizza next door to places like Jose Andres' Jaleo and Estiatorio Milos.- Limited amount of seating.Everything about this place screams hipster, and normally I would avoid places like this like the plague, but turns out that it's pretty damn good. Someone bought a whole pizza for the room, and after we come back from the clubs at like 6 in the morning, I find a half-eaten, cold slice of pepperoni and sausage buried under some paper...still amazing. This pizza passes with flying colors on the time test.Later...instead of eating at Jaleo, I get a strong hankering for pizza. Hot and fresh out of the oven...effing delicious.
4	When I meet out-o-towners at Book & Stage and (many drinks later) they inevitably tell me they could go for a snack, you can bet I've known all along where to take them. We're going to Pizza. [As a side note, I don't call this place "Secret Pizza" because 1) it's no secret any longer, 2) the take-away menu has a big black circle on the front and the word "Pizza" in white letters and 3) because I love such a generic name. I swear if I owned a restaurant, I'd name it "Food" or "Eat"]As long as you know where the 3rd floor pool tables are or where Blue Ribbon Sushi is, you can find it. You're going to experience a style and aura here that you just don't see often. The wall of record covers and the Galaga machine are my favorite touches. Well, they are really the only two touches. I've tried to make it to the top of the Galaga score board but for some reason none of the scores stick.Now for the pizza: It's New York style and it's ricotta and it's foldable and it's soft on the inside with a perfect crunch on the bottom and it's cheap and it's marvelous drinking food. Every slice is unique and has character. Just like New Yorkers! My favorite is the white pizza. I can deal with deli meats any other day of the week, but when a white sauce and cheese can stand alone that well, then I dedicate myself to it. Just don't make the mistake I did one tipsy night and pound the garlic shaker over your white pizza thinking it's parmesan. You and anyone you kiss will reek of garlic for 2 days.I give it 4 stars because: 1) The service isn't outstanding. For a $4 slice of pizza and PBR on tap you really can't expect Ritz service, but sometimes these guys look like they're going to go either comatose or Angry Birds on you. 2) When it's busy, you won't find a seat. There's more counter space than stools. (Do you think that was a coincidence? I think not.) You're best to go in with your friends, buy a whole pizza, and bring it out to the couches near the pool tables. Everyone else will see your tempting whole pizza with no name on the box and wonder where you got it. Let them in on it if you so choose....
4	You really should try out this secret pizza place called Secret Pizza at the Cosmopolitan. I admit it. While celebrating my 25th extravaganza in Vegas last week, I am guilty of being a repeat offender of Secret Pizza. For a bunch of girls (and boys) who revolves our schedules around eating and trying new places, I would say that is quite a compliment!Here's how it all started. Before we decided to go bar crawling in the Cosmopolitan, a local friend of mine told me that I should get the white pizza at Secret Pizza. Intrigued by this mysterious pizza joint and white pizza, the gang and I headed over in our tight dresses to devour some deliciousness. Being greedy as ever, I decided to go for their famed white slice and a combo. Halfway through, I realized my stomach is much smaller than I thought and had a difficult time finishing. The unique taste of the white pizza (composed of 3 different types of cheeses) had my taste buds jumping for joy but the familiar taste of the combo had me equally impressed.Secret Pizza makes me feel like I'm so "in the know". From the outside, no one would know what the hallway leads to. For those who rarely ventures off into random hallways, well that's their loss! I plan on coming back next time I'm in Vegas, so yelper's-- please keep the long lines as short as possible by keeping this place a secret!
4	While stumbling out of Marquee like a hungry zombieeee moaning "I neeeeeeed fooooooooood," a friendly (intoxicated) man directed me and my girls to SECRET PIZZA. The walk there is always a little hazy so I can't really help much on any specific direction towards the place, BUT it's on the 3rd floor at the Cosmo if that helps! New york style thin crust pizzas that surpass all expectations. The wait is always excruciating because once that scent of that damn pizza hits your damn nose you just want to gobble a slice whole right then and there, BUT BE PATIENT you'll get to the front of the line eventually :)
5	Wasn't that hard to find thanks to all the Yelp Reviewers. Coming up from the escalators, on the 3rd floor turn left look for elevator. To the left see dark hallway, walk down. Tiny little place with literally no seating, some old beat up arcade games, we got some pizza in our attempts to sober. The combo pizza was pretty awesome. Don't know why it taste so good. Could be the crust, the hot mess on top, or the fact that I was blasted.The cheese pizza was okay. The chunks of melted cheeze/garlic/whatever sauce was interesting...Definitely worth a check out.
5	I WANT PIZZAAA!!!!I think I was craving pizza after using up all my energy at XS. My friends managed to find this AWESOME hidden gem at the cosmo. There are no signs for this pizza place but I was so drunk. I don't remember how we got there but I remember when I went inside I knew exactly what I wanted to order. MUSHROOM PIZZA! I think my bf told me I wanted to order a whole pizza. But I was so hungry..... I guess I forgot to add the word slice after pizza. So we ended up ordering two slices. for $10. Pricey! But GOOOOOD in my tummy...... It was soo good.. I came back for more on my last night in vegas... before going to Serendipity and clubbing for the night. I will definitely come back here each time I'm in Vegas now.. Best NY style pizzaaaa I've had. Well, maybe I'm hyping it up a little too much. But it was pretty bomb! :) I think I also kept calling it Pizzeria 'cause I didn't know the name of it and I was drunk. Oops hehe. Secret pizza, I love you. ^_^
5	Why's it called secret pizza? The place with no name.Where you ask? Down the shady hall on the 3rd floor. That's all I've got.This was such an amazing find. I would even consider going there NOT drunk. For all 10 minutes of that whilst in Vegas. It's just a hole in the wall with a few places to sit/stand.Go.
5	I love coming here after a night at Marquee. I was there last Monday and I love it! The slices are a good size for the price which I think is about $2 or $3. The first time I came here with friends when the hotel first opened. We were wandering and ended up walking down a hall with no name, and ended up in a tiny area filled with people all waiting to taste the delicious pizza!  It can be a little greasy at times, but one night won't hurt after dancing for many hours prior. I can't tell how many times I've been here. A friend and I drove to the Cosmo just to get pizza. I just love the Cosmopolitan overall!
3	Honestly... it was alright.. maybe I just wasn't drunk enough??We ordered a whole pizza for the 4 of us. Waited 30 minutes before we went to ask them where our pizza was... for them to tell us that they forgot about it. So we waited some more and they gave us ONE free cup of PBR. & we were starving!!But aside from that and onto the actual pizza... It might've not been that great for me because it was just TOO FRESH out of the oven... if you know what I mean. Some pizzas just have to settle for a bit or else all the stuff on it just slides off.
4	Why is your white pizza SOOOOO delicious!!! This is definitely the place to go after some bar hopping around the Cosmo.
4	I love you secret pizza.  Stumbling in drunk and smelling the delicious aroma of pizza is completely heavenly.  The lines are super long bc it is no longer a "secret" joint but it is well worth it.  They are cheap, huge and cheesy!  You can even charge it to the room if you accidentally spend all your cash.  Holla.
5	Luckily I live next door to the Cosmopolitan.  Whenever I have a hankering for a great pizza slice in Vegas this is where I come. Outstanding.  Had no idea this place was called Secret Pizza.  Always thought it was "the secret pizza place" due to its secret location.
5	Believe it. Believe allllll the hype! The WHITE PIZZA may be the best slice of pizza I have ever had.My boyfriend stumbled upon this place some months back and would not stop raving about it to me. "Have you heard about the secret pizza place at the Cosmo?!! IT'S UNREAL!" I loved how he genuinely "found it" while exploring the Cosmo, considering how we are accustomed to relying on Yelp on finding new places to eat now. We recently had a chance to visit Vegas together and omg, he hit the nail on the head!The White Pizza is basically cheese pizza with roasted garlic...super simple. However, the cheese will make you swoon. The mozzarella was perfectly melted and the mounds of light ricotta will make your eyes roll to the back of your head. I believe there was a bit of fresh basil on the slice as well. I'm usually not a fan of most pizza crusts but this was perfectly thin & crunchy. SO GOOD! I have to note that I was NOT drunk at the time, so take my word ;) *Couple of notes:-Open VERY VERY late! Great place to hit up after Marquee.-$5 per slice, but you can order a whole pie if you'd like. -It's secret for a reason. Try not to read the Yelp reviews for the location and find it for yourself. The search for it is part of its charm :)
4	Stopped for a quick lunch.  Certainly a hole in the wall place.  We ate at the counter, there were tvs to entertain us.  Had a slice of mushroom and white pizza.  The white pizza was nice and garlicy.  The mushroom pizza needed something to give it a bit more kick.  The crust on both pizza were crispy thin.  $5 a slice was a little steep,  I would like to see them offer some sort of combo meal including a drink but maybe most people just order whole pizzas and take them back to thier room.  The staff wasn't super friendly - I asked what kind of pizza they had by the slice and the cashier just pointed to the pizzas.  I had to ask again for her to tell me the toppings.  Service was quite fast.
2	Maybe I missed the memo that you had to be drunk to think the funky tasting pizza with a horrible aftertaste is good. And at $4.50+ a slice, it was a bit pricey for crap.Add to that $3.25 for a plastic party cup of fountain soda? Seriously?! I understand your establishment is in a casino, but soda prices are getting incredibly ridiculous nowadays!I will give them 2 stars for a nice, hidden location, with amazing scents emanating down the vinyl album lined hallway. The staff was friendly enough, if not a little slow in the service side.
4	A tiny place hidden away at the end of a short hallway on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan just off a public seating area.  I didn't see a sign.  If you look down the hallway and see a vintage arcade game machine at the end, then you've found it.  It's thin crust at $4.50 per slice of cheese pizza with $$ for extra toppings.  I thought it was awfully good....certainly better than the chain pizza you can get around where I live. Nothing fancy at all.....just good pizza.  It will be a regular stop for me from now on.
3	solid pizzaGREAT crust/dough.. slightly chewy with a nice, light crunchgood flavor but a way too oilykind of expensive
4	Hey it's Vegas, right? You're going to lose some money no matter what, so go ahead and blow some on some overpriced - but excellent - pizza. I stop by here now whenever I'm in town and grab a slice. It's hard to find but that's part of the fun. You even get just a touch of attitude from the pizza makers, New York style! That only makes it all the more authentic to me. Just enough attitude to make it interesting but not enough to annoy you. That's why I keep coming back. So a slice will (as of this writing) run you about $5, which ain't cheap for pizza. But it's very well made, slowly baked and they'll reheat it for you without even being asked. So I knocked off one star for pricing but in fairness, they DO give you a free cup of water if y ou want it. Also keep in mind it's standing room only and no place to sit but plenty of counter space to stand and eat along the walls. Love the atmopshere, 80s music often blaring in the background with a few vintage arcade games from that era as well. It's like a time warp back to my teen Generation X years and I love it. Some great art and photos on the wall as well. All in all, a lot packed into a little place. Definitely stop by this place - if you can find it. But finding it is half the fun.
5	Excellent. I could eat bazillions of these. The cheese and crust and toppings were all high quality. I loved that the crust was a combo of crunchy (i.e. thin) and somewhat doughy. I hate when thin crusts are too thin and I easily get tired of the doughy pizza that is most places.  The sauce is excellent--that's what makes/breaks most pizza IMO. Cheaper pizzas are either too sweet and bland or have this odd metallic taste.I also loved that the parmesan was very salty (as it should be) but the pizza itself wasn't. That's also an indicator of bad pizza--cheese that's way too salty like American Cheese. Just make sure you don't get one that looks like it's been sitting out all day. It'll be dry. It'll still taste good but just dry.There are only two negatives though--you have to make your way through a bunch of drunk hoes and douchebags to get to the counter. Their inane conversations made me want to put a grenade in my mouth. The other negative is the exorbitant price.
5	lol can't believe this place truly is a secret. I mean you go into the Cosmo. Third floor. You see a ton of swanky fancy restaurants and the best restauarant in the entire place is this hidden pizza place hidden between all these restaurants. I don't think I have to say muh about how good the pizza and this place is. All the other reviews will do it for me. Just a heads up they only do New York Style Pizza. There is no formal seating area but there is plenty of nice seating outside the actual hole in the wall. Go try it. Its Cheap, fast and good greasy food for your drinking.
5	We tried the pepperoni and white pizzas. The crust was thin and crispy - probably the best thin crust I've had (although I've never eaten pizza in New York). True, it's like $5/slice, but it sure hit the spot.
3	Eh, kind of maybe somewhat overrated. It's great late night drunk food but costs at least $4.50 per slice. Errr... not cool. However, it's in the Cosmo so this doesn't surprise me. Still, the product is a super greasy slice, not a gourmet pie. If they're going to play the "hidden gem" game, keep it cheap and gritty. This is not.
5	Amazing pizza place.  Granted I was pretty buzzed, but the fresh taste of pepperoni and cheese on a crunchy thin crust has to be good when you're sober as well.  I asked the guy behind the counter what their freshest pizza was and ordered the pepperoni that he had indicated.  Line was about 6 minutes and the big slice was $5.  3rd floor, no sign, long hallway.  really good place to go after marquee!
4	Good pizza by the slice - just ask what's fresh.It's sort of hidden in that there's no sign, but on the third floor, you follow your nose down the record-filled hallway between Blue Ribbin and Jaleo.  It's labeled "Pizza" on some hotel maps.Like most stuff in the glitzy part of Las Vegas, it's not exactly cheap, but it is good.  It's also a really small space, and you'll probably want to take your plate back outside ... or up to your room.  The guys behind the counter told us that the crowds tend to come in waves; it'll be perfectly quiet for a while and then suddenly, bam!Don't think you'll be blown away by it or anything, but hey - it's kind of cool.
3	ehhh...the cheese fell off. But it was pizza. And I was hungover and needed grease.
4	I really liked this place. Maybe the fact that it is sorta secretive might make this review a bit bias. What was good about this pizza joint is the fact that it's New York style pizza and I'm a sucker for crunch thin crust pizza by the slice. I have to be quiet honest though that this place is a tad pricey compared to the normal pizza by the slice spots that I go to in the bay.Me and the wifey simply came here on a very very small appetite, but the fact that we were in Vegas and looking for something to do, I suggested we searched for this so called "Hidden Pizza" spot I can always go for a nice slice of New York style pizza. Anyways we only ordered one slice of pizza to share amongst us two, as I mentioned before that we came here not hungry at all. Well, we ordered a meatball pizza, which was something we have never had before and thought it would be interesting to try something new along with this new place. The taste of the pizza was a bit odd, probably because the whole time I was eating this pizza I was thinking that meatballs can't belong on a pizza. But all in all the pizza was good, and I can't wait to come back here for another slice when I'm in the area. I also like the fact that this place is open late, not a lot of pizza joints that sell pizza by the slice is open this late.Better believe I'll be back for more, and just maybe this place will get another star.
3	Pizza was ok to me.  But then again pizza is one of my favorite foods and I feel like you almost can't go wrong with it no matter where you get yours from.  My dining companion though wasn't impressed and went so far as to compare it to cafeteria pizza.  While I wasn't totally blown away I would have to disagree with that and I definitely think it's better than mall pizza like Sbarro's.  We paid $28 for four slices (two with sausage and mushroom, one white pizza, and one pepperoni and mushroom pizza) and two bottles of water.  Customer service was terrible and the place was super packed and cramped so I couldn't wait to get out of there.  Glad to say I can try it but I'm ready to try other pizza places like the Grimaldi's that are going to be opening on the Strip.
5	Best pizza in my life. Ate here for dinner and again at 4am. try the peperoni with sausage and chilies and try the white pizza with mushrooms. try to preorder from your room if you can. I will make sure comeback every time I'm in Vegas regardless if I'm staying that the Cosmo again.
5	My former fiancee is a chef here. He and lots of our other family members told me to check it out. I am so glad that I did. It is Awesome, yes with a capital "A"! There are several reasons that this place is great. One, they are inexpensive. Two, they are open late night. Three, they have some awesome topping combinations. Four, you can even pre-order if you are a guest staying at the Cosmo.  Fifth, and the reason for my 5 stars, this place is one of those hidden gems in the busy mess that is the Las Vegas strip!  I love thin crust pizza late at night with the last few dollars in cash that I brought with me to the club for the night. How could you not want something to warm your belly for the trek back to your hotel room, whether it is at the cosmo or another property. And really, you need something to stop the sloshing that's going on in your tummy, all that cran-vodka and patron with a twist of lime. Some things that you must know about this spot are, the location is hidden. You will find NO signs. This place may be considered pricey but keep this in mind, they are open til the break of dawn, the slices are huge and their toppings are premium!  I just can't go to Vegas without a stop here. If you have a hard time finding this spot, look for Blue Ribbin. It's right next door.
3	Over-rated.  Guy making them got OJT about how to make pizza.Ingredients are said to be made fresh daily from a couple of NYCguys but it was over-priced and over-hyped for what it its.Settobello better.
4	I know Vegas is a city that never sleeps but to find good food when you really cant drive anywhere after the club then Secret Pizza is the place to go to...if you can find it..But its not that hard when the line sticks out of this dark hallway.  The pizza was great.  Besides the drunk annoying people everywhere their pizza was great!!  The crust was perfect not to thick or dry.  The toppings were lay down thick and the cheese and sauce was amazing.  We ordered a whole pizza brought it out to one of the tables and just wen to town.  I must say that's the best pizza I have ever had after a long night in the club.  Try it out guys its worth the wait.
5	Secret pizza, not so secret at 4 in the morning.  Tons of 20-somethings lining up for their cheese and grease fix.  I ordered a lovely pepperoni and peperoncini pizza that set me adrift on memory bliss P.M. Dawn-style.  Now hence the 5 stars.  Oh baby, you send me....
5	I remember VERY LITTLE of how, when, and where exactly the "Secret Pizza" place was, but I do remember the delicious aftermath.  After finding the "secret" hallway, we stormed in like gangbusters, asked the nice pizza man what was "good"  to which he rightfully suggested his own "meat lover's" version -- a seemingly off-the-menu creation concocted of pepperoni, sausage, peperoncinis, some other kind of meat, and some other stuff I'm failing to remember.  It was SO DAMN GOOD -- the not-so-soggy thin crust was absolutely what we needed, so much, that it got the stamp of approval from the two Manhattanites I was...ahem...dining with.  This WHOLE PIZZA easily fed 3 inebriated people or would feed about 37 models, 4 normal people or 15 people on a diet.  It should be noted that the two latter classes of people really don't belong in Vegas anyway.There is minimal seating inside, but you can take your pizza "to-go" and park it on one of the Cosmo's luxurious couch seating areas in the hall right outside.  Beer and wine only.
5	Great pizza in Vegas!Hidden gem.I won't eat pizza at any other place while I'm in Vegas.Clean.  Not much room in the place so you will have to take it out to the billiard seating area.We only had the plain pie.  You can tell a lot about a place when they can make an amazing pie without any toppings. Growing up in NJ, I was spoiled with all the great pizza joints in NJ and NY.It's been tough finding a great pizza place on the west coast.  This one tops my list so far.
3	What's there to say? Decent (not amazing, but fully adequate) New York-style pizza, open late, no-frills, perfect for that stop between drinking destinations at the Cosmopolitan.
3	Ok, cute idea with the whole "we don't have a name" thing, and a subtle lack of signs or advertising.  Very clique.  The pizza was a tad on the greasy side.  Tasty, but a little too greasy to be a truly great pizza.  Have fun, visit here, get a slice and be able to tell a fun story about visiting the "secret" pizza place.  But don't expect the best slice you have ever had.
5	Some Great thin crust Pizza!!!!I have a slice every time im in the Cosmo!!!
5	Came here for lunch after a night of debauchery. Pizza was awesome. I don't know how this place is after the bars close but I can guess that this place is probably crowded with long lines. Bottom line, I hardly give 5 stars but this pizza joint definitely deserves it. The pizza crust is thin but soft, the pizza is oily from the hot cheese. It's the perfect cure for a hang over. Give it a try, may not be for everyone but you never know, you might like it.
5	Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhh....it's a secret. Great pizza! We got a few cheese and pepperoni slices to-go and they didn't make it very far. As soon as we got to the car...down the hatch. Thin NY Style Pizza done RIGHT! Not to greasy, not to dry, perfect size for the "fold-in-hand" style eating. Price was good, the counter staff was super nice. Excellent. We will certainly be back. Come hungry, don't expect to sit, if you do; eat then get out so others can sit - no lollygagging!
5	I had a meeting here that ended just before 11am, so I waited for them to open. The place is really cool. You could hear the music from the common area so it really is not "that" secret but amazing pizza. You walk down this long all lined with old record covers and you can see a old pinball machine at the end. A person at the hotel said I had to have the White Pizza which I did and it was good. It was NY Style and is HUGE. The crust was kinda like garlic bread. They dont offer a bunch of types of pizza and also offer beer/wine and soda. The slices are $5 and well worth it. If I am back in town I will make a point to head back here.
5	One of the nicest thin crust pizza. Its hidden no frills place but absolutely worth the find...
5	The secret is out, the is place is the BOMB!!I wish I had known about this place sooner.  Its really tucked away in some alley within Cosmopolitan.  There you will find some old school arcade games, a few places to stand around and eat, and of course, the best damn pizza you'll find in Las Vegas, and that's for sure!  The toppings are just oozing with perfection, and the crust is really gives this ol' pie some bite.  Just the right amount of crunch!  You've got to try this place whenever you're in town. Here I am craving one right now, sitting in my house, 200 miles away.
5	Hubby is always looking for good thin crust pizza.  This secret is now out of the bag!  This is as good as Grimaldis!  I had the white pizza with ricotta cheese, mushrooms and onions.  Best in town!Went twice in 3 days...
3	One of those places where myth is better than reality.Not a real hard place to find, not a hideway nor a secret place.Located on 3rd floor and you'll see a large black door with a hallway  when you get off the escalator. Opens at 11:00 am. if you go before, you'll miss it for sure since they close the large door.It's definitely a good pizza but definitely not the best. Probably best you can get around the area but you can get so much better even in LA.$5.00 a piece but ridiculous $3.25 for a drink. Go to 2nd floor store right below and get a soda.we tried mushroom pizza and white pizza.
4	Pizza was nice and thin but wasn't as crunchy as I had hoped. Their most popular was the white pizza. This place was hard to find because the name of the restaurant wasn't written anywhere... definitely worth a try!
4	I went here with some friends.  It was really good!  As the name implies, the place is hidden away.  Someone has to tell you to go there or you would never know that it existed.  Reminiscent of the prohibition era speakeasy.  They were not fast, but they had pinball games to keep you busy while waiting.  There was almost no place to sit, so we ate in the lobby chairs near the entrance to Secret Pizza next to the pool tables.  This pizza was really good.  Better than Broadway Pizzeria, but not as good as Metro Pizza.  We had some kind of white pie.  I look forward to my next visit there.
4	Great frickin' pizza.
5	Best pizza in Vegas. Comparable to Bleecker Pizza in NYC.
4	I am definitely a fan! This place hits the spot and is there when you need it. Got to love great by the slice (or whole) NY style pizza!
5	Thin, crunchy crust with a chewy center.Stretchy cheese with just enough grease.Zesty tomato sauce to tease the palateAnyone who doesn't love this pizza simply doesn't love pizza.I make a bee line to this place every time I go to Vegas.  I dare say that their pizza is better than anything I've ever had , even NYC.  The place is always busy,  and for good reason.
5	I have dreams about this place! To start, it's a hidden pizza place at the end of a long hallway... AWESOME!We were staying at The Cosmo, and our second morning there my boyfriend had a migraine, and we both needed to eat. I decided to go search for the pizza place. Then I fell in love. Cheap. Quick. And you can take your pizza and 2-liter of pop back to your room.Oh, and the pizza is AMAZING. I'm drooling thinking about it. YUM YUM YUM
3	It was super fun to find this place, but the taste of the pizza was just ok. This place is tucked away between 2 restaurants. I think one of them was called blue ribbon. There are no signs. You have to walk through a small hallway, so it kinda reminded me of those bathrooms in the malls which are tucked away 2 stores. Of course there was a line. We waited about 15 min to order at 2pm on a Sat. The pizza is NY style pizza where the pizza are precooked, and they reheat the slices as we ordered. I shared slices of combination, pepperoni, and sausage with my friend. The pizza was ok. Nothing good and nothing bad. However, it was so greasy. We had to dab the oil off with a napkin before we ate it. This is probably perfect for eating after drinking, but I'd imagine the lines being ridiculously long with Marquee being right there. If I ever come back, I would like to try the white pizza. My other friends had it and it looked delicious.
5	Great place for a cheap bite.....delicious and so fun that it is hidden.
4	Secret Pizza is truly a secret. None of the signs in Cosmopolitan point to this place, and the only way we found it was by asking a security guard. The directions were easy - 3rd level and look for the hallway next to the elevator. But don't look for a sign - there's not one.This is a good, no-frills pizza joint that is good for a late night bite. I had a slice of the white pizza, which was very cheesy, large and super-delicious. My partner had the sliced meatball, which was good, but he's had better. Any pizza aficionado has their preferences, so don't expect it to compare to the neighborhood pizza joint you know and love. You go here because it's late, you're tipsy and you need something good and filling to cap off the night. You'd spend probably the same amount at a Sbarro in any of the ubiquitous food courts on the strip, so do yourself a favor and go for the better pizza at Secret Pizza.
4	Fantastic place to grab a slice of pizza! Had a veggie pizza, everything was just right...not too greasy, not too filling! Outside of price, the other major con is the seating. There's only one place to sit inside the restaurant! Luckily the party I was joining already saved me a seat but next time I imagine I might have to eat this in the convention area!
5	Towards the end of our Vegas trip we were running low on funds and were starving. Luckily, Secret Pizza is hidden on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan hotel in between two restaurants. It wasn't too hard to find, you literally just need to follow your nose. We walked the long narrow hallway until we found the place and ordered a slice of everything they had ($5 each). The pizza here is thin, a little on the greasy side, generously cut and oh so delicious!! The place is tiny so you probably will not have anywhere to sit, we just stood and enjoyed our slices of heaven. Great pizza at great prices (for Vegas anyway)!
5	Divine. A bit pricey but its vegas so its ok and totally worth it. Try and go with one other person and just buy a whole pizza and split it, it will be much cheaper. It's open late night which is great and the pizza flavor is really good...and thats coming from a new yorker!
4	You got to admit that part of the charm of Secret Pizza is that it's a secret and that you found it, but look beyond that and you realize that darn these are some pretty good NY-style pies west of the Hudson. My friend kept pointing out these pizzas on our first night there so a quick Yelp search the next day brought us to Secret Pizza. I had a slice of their white pizza (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=dDuqmvJHjJe-T5PLelhLjQ) and wow it was cheese-tacular. The ricotta and mozzarella were nice and melted on a nice crisp crust. Fold it up and enjoy! Best $5 I spent that day. I guess Secret Pizza isn't really a secret anymore but that's to be expected since it's a Vegas bargain to get really good NY slices at low prices. Service can be slow but the wait is worth it.
4	This place was so hidden that some of the Cosmo staff couldn't direct us in the right direction. I thought it was good, very greasy, and full of cheese. Only downfall is that they don't have ham. I luv ham, so a pizza without ham is like rice without meat, water without ice, and a shower without soap to me. Basically, it's a necessity to me. The huge pepperoni slices and sliced meatballs was filling, but it would have tasted better with ham. Not very many seats and it gets crowded because of the small space inside. We ordered a fresh made whole pizza and took it outside to sit on the large couches inside Cosmo. It was much more comfier outside and less noisy. I liked it, but I wish they had ham.
3	Let me just help you out and cut to the chase:  I believe it's on the 3rd floor where most of the restaurants are.  You won't see a sign but you'll see a hallway with a bunch of framed pictures/art.  Walk down that hallway and you'll find it.  Follow the smell.To me, the pizza was okay.  The bf and I ordered a slice of the supreme pizza and a slice of the pepperoni (or was it sausage, I forget!) & mushroom.  Both were too greasy for me.  Oh well, at least I tried it and I can move on with my life.
5	LOCATED: on the 3rd Floor . If you find a narrow hallway surrounded by framed record album covers your in the right spot.PIZZA STYLE: here is New York style. It is freshly made with hand tossed dough. with a excellent crispy crust.GET: the White Pizza(Ricotta & Cheese) this one usually sells out, based on how much Ricotta Cheese they have available. PRICE:  is comparable to your mall pizza slices(around $5 a slice), I would order a whole pie since the price is $24 which gives you 10 slices. Slices are pretty decently big. But, your going to be eating more than one slice.OPEN LATE: Perfect spot after clubbing or late night grubbing since its open til 4am. But be prepared for a Long Line in the evening. "Secret Pizza" is no longer a secret anymore"
5	This is definitely a new place to go to if you are tired of always getting Earls.  Especially after clubbing at Marquee, this is the perfect spot.  Although it is hidden, it's not too hard to find at all.  Located on the third floor through a hall way full of records.  If you look directly in the hall way you should see a TV and a pin ball machine.  They serve pizza by the slice or whole pizzas.  My friends and I decided to get a whole pizza with 5 toppings.  We got pepperoni, meat ball, sausage, ricotta cheese, and banana peppers on the side.  Cost was $29.  We took it outside and devoured it shortly.  Sitting next to the pool table on the couch.  We added crushed red peppers, parmesan cheese, and garlic salt.  It was so tasty and good.  Yes it's thin crust, and after pulling the slice apart, the cheese stretches and the toppings at the tip falls off.  Greasy but tasty, if grease is a problem you can use a napkin to dab at it.   This has now become a must come to spot every time we come to Vegas.
4	Believe the hype.  Woke up the morning of New Year's Eve and couldn't wait to finally check this place out.  Got there at exactly 11am but it took them another 15 minutes to finally open the big heavy door blocking the hallway.  Ordered a whole white and whole pepperoni, waited another 35 minutes and finally got to dig in.  Just for the record, there were 6 of us so no, I wasn't about to consume 2 whole pizzas all by myself.  That would be insane... insanely delicious but insane nonetheless!I tried the white pizza first and it was pretty freakin' delicious.  Great thin crust that wasn't soggy but actually crunchy.  The mozzarella and ricotta combination went very well together.  All in all, a very good pizza!The pepperoni was next and it was pretty standard.  Nothing too life changing but the crust was still nice and crunchy.  The pepperoni was a bit too greasy though, which I normally don't mind too much but after a couple of slices, I had to dab some of the grease with a napkin.The white pizza would get 5 stars... the pepperoni... 4 stars... if I could give 4.5 stars then I would, but I think a 4 is pretty fair.
5	This place is located in the Cosmopolitan.  It's a little hard to get there...hence the name! :) We had to ask...3rd floor, down a long hallway next to a restaurant.We got two (very large) slices--cheese and the big mamma upside down slice. They were both delicious!! This was the best pizza we had in Vegas.  For under 20.00 we were stuffed.  The employees were super nice, chatted with us and suggested some new places to try while we were visiting.  The service was super fast, but keep in mind they only had two people working and it's a small place.  Also it's cafe style, you walk up to order and grab your food. There is seating along the wall, so not much for a large group.Some definite bonuses.. They offer Pbr AND free water!
5	Reading reviews on Yelp helped me find this "hidden gem" - thank you Yelpers for your clear instructions! At the Cosmo, take 3 escalators up, in a pathway between 2 restaurants with picture frames all along the wall.However, didn't seem like a hidden gem when I went - there were quite some people there, even a mini line-up.Pizza is freshly made and doesn't disappoint. For $4-5 a slice, you can't go wrong. Love their white pizza, that was my favourite. Ever since trying this place, I've been craving NY-style pizza, but have not found something yet to stop the craving.Really good if you need just a cheap eat while you splurge away during your Vegas stay.
4	Awesome pizza at a surprisingly super reasonable price located on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo near the Chandelier Bar.  It's even better if you are conveniently staying at the Cosmo or find yourself starving there after a night of clubbing at Marquee.  I agree with Jessica Y., Earl of Sandwich has some competition for best late-night, cheap eats hot spot.  Be warned though, the line is out the door (narrow unmarked hallway to be precise) come 2am.I highly recommend the classic pepperoni.  Perfect ratio of sauce to cheese to meat.  Their crust is thin and crunchy.  White pizza is also really good, but you might want to consider adding some meat to it because sometimes cheese doesn't cut it.  You can order by the slice or order a whole pie, but it will take at least 30 minutes for them to make a whole one for you.
5	Great pizza. Reasonable. Get the meatball. Rather hidden.
4	The secret part is kind of silly, but the food is good and quite affordable.  The pizza is thin and greasy just like I prefer.  They have great topping options as well.  This is a great option for late at night, or when you just want something simple.
5	wow factor.  really good pizza.  little pricey.  one slice will run you around $5.  but the it's worth it if you like good food.
2	On my search for Vegas Pizza to find something that I can be excited about coming to since I live on the West coast now. I tried three joints all within an hour of each (piasonos, metro, and finally the secret pizza at the cosmopolitan.The first one is not it, Metro had a good flavor, I would go there again. Now I get to this Unknown place in this beautiful casino nice atmosphere and chef was cool. Well the pizza had a nice crust which is one of my favorites. I had the white pizza with the different cheeses, the flavor was a little short of what I was hyped up on, but I can say I wasn't mad. I should have chosen something I could give a more honest opinion on like plain cheese or pepperoni. I'm sure I would've liked one of them, but I'm not that happy reading reviews and being hyped up on what other people are bragging so much about, being that I'm a Chicago native and I know real pizza. Maybe next time I come to Vegas I'll try one of the other styles of pizza to give this a more reasonable review.
5	This place gets 5 stars for good food and good pizza! It's not advertised at all and there's no sign at the location telling you what it is so don't be afraird to walk down the dimly lit hallway to find it!My dad got a oddly sliced pizza so they felt bad and gave him a 2nd slice free of charge! Great customer service!
4	Calling this place Secret Pizza is right on the money. I would not have found this place without my friends.The $5 pepperoni slice sure hit the spot after a night of Bacardi 151, Everclear and Maker's Mark.The ingredients were simple but something about them made this place stand above most other pizza places I've been to. Gooey cheese, giant pepperoni slices, robust tomato sauce and crunchy hand-tossed crust. The crust was crunchy on the outside and just slightly chewy on the inside. Definitely a treat, whether you're going out drinking, coming back from a night of boozing, or just taking a short break.If it wasn't so greasy, I would have gave it 5 stars. Had to use a napkin to soak up some of the oil.
5	The only sad part of this pizza place was that I was so close to it so many times and never went until the other night! If only I knew how empty my life was without it. Foldable, glorious, NY style pizza. If you handed me a slice on the street I would think it was straight from the big apple. Disclaimer: I'm from NY. The offerings are straightforward; pizza with assorted run of the mill toppings, soda, beer. The beer is even served in red plastic cups, which is awesome when you're nearby but might garner some dirty looks when you're walking around the ground floor. TV's are around if you can take your eyeballs off of your slice. I couldn't. There's also some pool tables and couches just outside their door which is convenient if your hooves are hurting. I thought about this pizza 2 days straight after eating it. Definitely swing through for a before or after drinking delight!
4	This place is the best! Located in The Cosmopolitan hotel, this secret pizza place is down a hallway and has no sign. I found out about it by word of mouth ("Have you ever tried the secret pizza place?") but I guess they actually do call themselves "Secret Pizza". It's generally pretty busy but worth the wait if there's a line. Foldable, pizza by the slice put in the oven while you wait. Big fan of the White Pizza. If you wanna drink, grab a beer -- it'll come in a red Solo-type party cup. Go for a quick bite and be prepared to stand on your feet. They have a few bar stools but it's gets crowded. Head back down the hallway and check out the funky furniture and couches by the pool table. Great spot to recharge and for people watching. A group of tourists stopped and asked where my friend and I found our pizza...
2	This is worth going to for the experience.  Read a little about how to find it, but don't study the directions.  Get lost trying to find this place, it is half the fun.The pizza is ok, but it is counter pizza that needs to be heated up.
5	High quality food at an affordable price right on the strip?  Unbelievable.  Loved their thin slice pizza.  Had the mushroom and the white slices.  Prompt, friendly service and all the condiments you need.  Can't ask for more.
4	Yup... this is a secret pizza place alright. Definitely gets the cool points for the experience. Located on the 3rd floor, find this unassuming, narrow halllway you'll see a light at the end, then old school arcade games and immediately to your right the pizza counter. I got the white pizza which was very tasty with ricotta and mozzarella cheese. a nice large slice to fill my belly. The other pizzas looked just as amazing. pizza was a little on the greasy goodness side. The thin, NY style crust was tasty but not spectacular. Friendly service and an atmosphere found in local small town/city joints. Hard to believe it's in a luxury hotel. Pretty cool.Prices for the large slice was good, about $5. I'll be back again.
3	Greasy pizza after clubbing? Great idea.Greasy pizza for morning breakfast/brunch? Umm...maybe not as great. =PSecret Pizza wasn't too hard to find. Just look for people eating pizza slices in the Cosmopolitan. =)True, there is no sign and really no storefront. It's on the third level of the Cosmopolitan, near the big chandelier. The doorway is near a pool table and some really cool/funky seating lounges.  Look for a door that leads down a long narrow hallway filled with pictures and you are there! The inside is sparse, a few stools for bar seating and some pinball machines. There was 5 of us so we decided to order a whole pizza instead of individual slices because it seemed cheaper. A single slice is about $4.50 without toppings. We ordered a whole white pizza with 3 toppings (pepperoni, mushrooms and olives) for about $26. Plus it was freshly made! Verdict? It tasted ok but greasy. I had to dab my napkins multiple times before I started eating it. I know the oil is a combination of the pepperoni and cheese but there was nothing unique about the overall taste of the pizza.  I appreciated the crispy thin crust but didn't find it to interesting. Although, I was thankful that the pizza didn't taste too salty and that it was freshly made. Nice and hot. The guy working behind the counter said that the white pizza is more popular than just regular cheese, and the white did have generous portions of ricotta cheese. It felt a bit heavy eating it as brunch. But I could see how this could be yummy drunk food over you come out of the club inebriated. =PI'm not sure I'd come back. Too many delicious late night eateries in Vegas to still explore!
5	I am going to give this a 5 only because of the food on The Strip, it is as good as it gets. FINALLY something that doesn't cost  your mortgage, rather just good, honest pizza for $5. One slice works, but get two just so you can try two things.I had the meat lovers with meatballs and peppercionnis and it was the bomb. The mushroom was just that and sort of lacking flavor, but still damn good pizza.The slices are huge, the ingredients are fresh, the grease factor is heavy, the crust is thin and crispy. Just good luck finding it, half the fun.
3	Really cool sort of dive-y spot at the Cosmo. Was introduced here purely by word of mouth, hence how it's the secret pizza place. Cheap pizza that is just alright; nothing special but it did do the trick once I got done upstairs at Marquee after a night of clubbing & drinking! I believe it's popular for the fact that it's all secretive & it makes it exclusive, but for a real deal review? The pizza & food here is just like my rating.. A-OK.
5	Taking into account location, comparable places nearby, pricing, and of course the quality of food, it is impossible to rate this place any lower than 5 stars. Really cool place that makes you feel as if you've stepped out of the Cosmopolitan and into any hole-in-the-wall pizza across America. The pizza was great, but the real winner for us was the cheesecake. $4.50 for a giant piece that easily feeds two hungry people. There was no line when we went (around noon on New Years Eve). The ONLY complaint was there being nowhere to sit, but even that isn't a big deal since there is seating everywhere in the Cosmo.
3	Not that great. Edible. But it didn't wow me. Too greasy!
5	BEST PIZZAAAA EVVVVVVVVARRRRRRRRRR!i truly believe, god is speaking to us through this pizza...and reminding us that...life is beautiful.. :')although it's quite a mission trying to find this place..  it's the whole charm of it all!and if you feel like giving up... PLEASE DON'T!!!!!!!!you can thank me later.mm i will be back for you when i'm in vegas.... sober or drunk..i will be back for you............
5	Cheap eats in a fantastic hotel on the Las Vegas strip. Long lines on the weekend evenings but worth it. Get your slice and a PBR draft then settle into the lounge area out front and watch some pool, foosball or just people watch.
5	Did you just gamble away your life savings on red?  Did  pull out a second mortgage for bottle service?  Did you make it rain on strippers? Have no fear! SECRET PIZZA IS HERE TO SAVE YOUR BUDGET!Amidst all the fancy-schmancy foods with huge price tags in Las Vegas, there are a couple of saviors and Secret PIzza is one of them.  Great food, great price.  If you're drunk I'm sure you'll enjoy it even more.If you don't know where to find it, just look for a hole in the wall, literally, you'll see a wall with a hole leading to the hallway.  Or you can look for people eating pizza somewhere in Cosmo and ask them where they got it.
4	Everything in Vegas is concept. So is this place. Still, Pizza is pretty good. Amazing? Not.
4	Question: Are you in vegas and in need of a quick slice?Answer: Man you know you are! So hit up secret pizza and get one!
5	At 10pm last night the line was too long for us, but today for lunch there was no line at all. The staff is friendly and the food is great at a reasonable price. The location is on the third floor and it's right between the elevator and the sushi restaurant. We had  white, mushroom and pepperoni slices. The mushroom was good, pepperoni was better and the white was amazing. The seating outside the pizza joint is limited, but it is really comfortable and classy looking.
4	pssssstttttt it's a secret.......Don't tell anybody but it's located on the top floor right next to the elevator, across from the pool table and awesomely weird chairs. You see a dark hallway with one of those secret looking wall doors that is wide open, almost as if you were going back in time to those old school pizza places, you see a couple of pin ball machines and thus you have finally arrived at the secret pizza's of all pizzas. Order the White pizza with ricotta cheese and mozzarella and only this. It is one of the most greasy, delicious,  white looking pizzas that I have ever tasted, And yeah haha it doesn't really have a name btw or a sign or something that will imply that it's located there. At first I thought it was called Secret Pizza but then when my cousin asked a bartender "where's the secret pizza was located at?" He gave us a weird look and said no such thing existed lol so we felt stupid until he told us about a pizzeria upstairs.
3	As an Italian from NY, this place is really a 2.5 for the pizza, but it gets an extra half-star for two reasons:1. It's probably the best pizza in the area, and certainly convenient if you're at the Cosmopolitan.2. They have oregano, red pepper, and the other condiments usually only found in pizza places with true NY roots. If you're from NY, this pizza will be substandard.   Decent, yes.  Cheap?  For Vegas, sure.   But that being said, it's very good for what it is.  A tad oily, as others have mentioned, but not a show stopper.  The line was long when I went there; fortunately, there were cool people in line with me to chat with.    Took around 15 minutes to order, and a whole pie would have taken an additional 30 minutes - and this was at 3pm.   I opted for a few slices instead, which were ready after a quick warm-up.   There's better food in Vegas - and certainly in the Cosmopolitan.  But for quick, cheap, and acceptable pizza, look no further.
5	Found this hidden gem whilst walking around the Comso with my cousins.  It was super late but this place was still open so we decided to try it out.  The entrance was pretty cool.  Didn't seem like a pizza place at first but once you walk all the way inside... pizza heaven.  I forgot what my cousins ordered but I got the pesto pizza and it was de-lish.  Yummy pizza for dirt cheap. :)
4	2 AM drunk food at its finest. I think you're looking at $4.50+ a slice, but it's Vegas so no one cares. Located conveniently in the Cosmo on the 3rd floor, just above the Marquee entrance. It's good pizza too, I was kinda surprised. Greasy as hell, but I wouldn't have it any other way at 2 AM.
4	Heard the hype for a while and needed 17 pizzas at 4am. This was one of the few places that was open near the Strip - surprising, I know. I had to send a PA to pick them up since Secret doesn't deliver but I must say I was impressed that they could churn out that many pizzas in a 45 minute window. Did it arrive cold? Yes, but what did I expect? It was still delicious and I can't wait to try it fresh out of the oven.
3	Besides paying $120 for 3 pizzas, it was good and was perfect after partying for two days.  Pepperoni pizza was the best out of the 3.
3	The secret is that it's really just OK pizza. Typical greasy under-the-heat-lamp pizza that tastes delicious if you're drunk but just all-right if you're sober. The flavors are as-is for the most part but you can accessorize for a price. The best part about coming here is that it is a secret - no signs or special doors, just a hallway. You feel special just to find it, along with the other, yeap I'm gonna say it, hipsters. IPA and PBR are flowing as well as wine and soda. Pinball machines are in check.
5	Secrets don't make friends, so that's why I'm here to tell you allllll about it.In my world, guys are natural-born pizza connoisseurs.  Therefore, any pizza rants from my guy friends are treated like the word of God.  When my friend told me that him and his bros were able to demolish a whole box of pizza from here, AFTER COMING FROM A BUFFET, I knew this place was legit.Just order the white pizza with ricotta cheese and mozzarella, and you're golden.  It was greasy. It was cheesy. It was simple. It was one of the most delicious things I have ever put in my mouth.Every pizzeria I go to now, I check to see if they have the white pizza, but sadly I haven't found an alternative in SF or Socal yet.
5	Came here because my friends had talked about this place so much. Went to the Cosmo and took the escalator to the third floor and didnt know exactly where this pizza parlor was...however i saw a small alley way at the corner of my eye (next to the pool table) and decided to go inside. Once I got in, there were only a handful of people there (maybe I went on an off day) but luckily for me I got my slice of pizza in under five minutes. I got the white pizza and my friend got a mushroom pizza/cheese pizza. My favorite was the cheese pizza. It was so tasty and most of all CHEAP. After spending 20$+ each meal, it was refreshing to only have to pay 5$ for a slice of pizza that was just as filling as a 20$ meal. I will definitely be back again.
4	Secret Pizza it is! All I know is I see tons of people sitting around the middle of a casino with labeless pizza boxes at 2am.  After a very brief attempt, my friends and I finally asked and was directed to this random hall that led to the tiny secret pizza place.  You can buy by the slice or whole pie.  They run efficiently and take your order fast but expect a short line and wait as they reheat your pizza in the oven as it has gotten cold sitting out in display.  They have about 4 kinds of pizza, all NY style so very thin crust and slice but very delicious.  A little high price for pizza in general, but practically free by Vegas restaurant means.FYI, there are about 5 bar stools and no where else to sit.  It is a true pizza joint, buy your pie and get out.
5	Love, love, love their pizza. Hard to find but so worth it!  Best tasting thin crust pizza I've ever had.
4	Im a carb girl.  Ordered the pepperoni and pepperoncini pizza & white pizza.. Hey, I was on vacation! The pepperoni and pepperoncini was sooo good. It was rich and almost had a buttery quality about it. The best part was the dough/bread.. It was buttery, crisp, sweet and drool-worthy.
5	How lucky to find this hidden gem! This place was supposed to be a butlers kitchen, lucky for us it never happened.  One of the best pizza we ever had great salad too all under $11.
5	NY style pizza!!!! A perfect meal after a night of partying at marquee. It's hidden in a long hallway and you'll probably miss it if you're too drunk. The pizza is perfectly greasy and thin and cheesy!Not much else to say. It's delicious!
5	It's hard to find cheap, fast, drunchies (drunk munchies) inside of nicer hotels in Vegas. Thankfully, there's a hidden pizza place on the 3rd floor of The Cosmopolitan. We all drunkenly stumbled here and stood in a long line trying not to drool.Thankfully, once we ordered, we received our large pizza FAST and it was hot and delicious. It was greasy, hot, and delicious. I definitely ate more than one slice... and it was the perfect drunchie!
4	Great NY style pizza in an upscale hotel. Hidden between Blue Ribbon and another restaurant; it's a long hallway to get to the back. Would be 5 stars if not for the $3.50 Solo cups of soda...
4	This place is definitely not a secret anymore. Maybe it has no sign (I can't really remember) and is tucked in the corner. But on the weekends, when the line was is long that it was spilling out of the secret hallway, you'd have to be completely smashed to miss it. Anyway, the pizza was awesome, pure NY Style. It was the perfect late night meal. I would recommend sticking to just slices cause the entire pie took a bit too long.
5	delicious!
4	About a year ago, I was aimlessly strolling thru the Cosmopolitan, taking in all the beauty that the hotel has to offer.  While walking around the Chandelier Bar on the upper floors, I stumbled across a long hallway lined with album covers, with a questionable ending.  What could be at the end? Narnia? Or the Springfield Mystery Spot, complete with Ozzie Smith? Of course, being the quizzical individual that I am, I walked down the hallway.  Couldn't believe what I saw...a walk-up pizza joint!Anyway, with over 500 reviews, I don't know how this is a secret anymore.  No sign, no advertising, but excellent NY-style pizza.  At $4.50/slice, with the Strip-markup, it's a pretty good value for wasteepants late-night munchies.  And if you're not ready to end the rager, they have beer and I think, boxed wine.This is obviously a place to go after a night throwin elbows at the club.  At times, I've seen the line full of button-down shirts, fist pumps, sky-high heels, and dresses that leave little to the imagination.  Sometimes the line is long, which is understandable given its popularity.  But they try their best to keep the line moving swiftly.I'm glad I stumbled onto this place, as it has become a staple when I visit.   I applaud the Cosmopolitan for this inspired idea.
4	Really, really good pizza!  We had to try it to say we had found the secret pizza, of course.  I was a little annoyed that they charged $3.50 for a solo cup of Diet Coke, but overall it was fun to say we have been there.  Next time I think we will order a whole pizza to go and skip the sip of Coke.
3	LINE: When I went it was about 3am leaving Marquee, the line was fairly short but it can get pretty long because this place is pretty small and the sitting area had about 6 chairs. PIZZA: alright I'm not much of a pizza lover but I liked the concept of "secret pizza" because it is down a long hall way and I would've never guessed there was a pizza joint in that hole in the wall. PRICE: pricy but its Vegas, I ordered 4 slices and 1 drink came to about $27. Also I had no objections at that point I would've eaten anything. Drunk food is scarfed down.
3	I'll admit it.  I found this place, but I had to cheat by reading Yelp reviews (thanks guys).  Also, it's between Blue Ribbon and Jaleo. :pThe NY look definitely brought back memories of my trip to New York from last year.  The prices for the pizza are rather expensive for a New York style pizza, but I figured it had to be adjusted for Las Vegas, so that's understandable.  With that said, I was fine with it, really.I grabbed a slice of the White Pizza, and it was delicious.  Oily, but still great.  Luckily there was a small line, so the wait wasn't as long as I thought it was going to be on a week night.  Overall though, it's perfectly acceptable for late night pizza, especially when under the influence of alcohol.
4	I love the idea of all the "secrecy!".  Do you need a password?  Find a special map? Sound daunting to you?  Don't fret.  Just go to the Cosmopolitan and find the escalator and the directory will tell you its on the 3rd floor.  If your faculty to read has left you (and that does happen sometimes in Las Vegas) just look for the folks who are walking around in the hotel with white, plain pizza boxes and ask them where they got it.What's really likeable about this joint is that:a.) it really keeps to its mysterious charm.There's no sign, just a dark hallway that you would pass and wouldn't even know it was there if you weren't looking for it on purpose.b.) Its so unexpected.You'd never think you'd find a place that serves pizza for $4.50 a slice in the trendy and posh Cosmopolitan hotel.  There is nothing fancy about this place - they serve your pizza on paper plates and soda in a red dixie cup!  They also have beer.c.) The pizza is SO DANG good!Good in a "Man I'm so drunk and I hella want a pizza right now" way as well as when you're sober.  The thin crust is perfectly crispy and you know that its really good pizza when it stays that way even if its been sitting out on the warmers and reheated for you.  The WHITE pizza is has no red sauce but olive oil instead, and has a great combo of parmesan, mozzarella and dollops of ricotta.  Super flavorful and super cheesy.  The Pepperoni and Combo slices we got were just as delicious and with just the right amount of sauce and toppings to hold well with the glorious thin crust.Great to have a slice there and good to buy a whole pie to take back to the room.Did I tell you that I don't keep secrets very well?  ;)  Not this kind anyway!
4	this place is good, real good. the pizza in my opinion is a bit pricy for the slice you get. if the slice was a bit bigger it'd be worth it. the slice i got was a little bigger than your average chain pizza joints. if im in the area, will not hesitate to come back.
4	How the hell did I end up here two days in a row when I swore not to come here again after the first day? Only come here if you really want pizza and are really drunk because after the club, this place is chaos and with a 20 minute line, you're going to be waiting for a while. Unless you order a slice but at $5/slice when a whole pizza is $20, who would do that? Not this cheap bastard.It must have taken me near 40 minutes to get the whole pizza I ordered. On both days I came here. But, yea, it was worth it, because where else in Las Vegas can you get a whole pep at 3 am in the morning without walking around the strip?Though if you're really in a hurry, Vegas follows the CREAM (cash rules everything around me) rule. But you're going to be paying $20 on top of $20 if you want to bypass the line.
3	It's really a 3 1/2 stars. It was a definitely a secrect place. The place has no sign and not listed under directory. We realized that's because they cater to hotel first for room service. The take out counter comes second.The cheese slice and white pizza slice was very good, but I really don't think It's worth $9.50 and a trip for locals to go fight the the traffic on the strip. While we were there, my girl friend and I both agree $22 for a whole pie and $2.50 for each topping is just way too much for a pizza without a sitting table.We won't go back again.
4	Yummy New York style pizza and I love the fact it actually is kinda hidden! Definitely good cheap drunk food in Vegas but good while sober too! I had pepperoni and mushroom pizza with red wine, not too shabby ;)
5	GAT DAMN. This is some good pizza. So good that...-I came here for a slice of pizza after I had eaten dinner at Earl's of Sandwiches and I was supposedly "full."-I have made it a point to stay at the Cosmopolitan on my future Vegas trips because Secret Pizza only delivers if you're a guest at the Cosmopolitan. Hard to find especially when the Cosmopolitan's own workers don't even know what Secret Pizza is. It's that secret, but I'll help you out because pizza this good should be enjoyed by the masses. Go to the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan. Find the lounge area with a pool table. Just off that lounge area is a dark, unmarked hallway lined with records on the hall. Follow this hallway to pizza heaven.
2	The only reason everyone is writing 4 or 5 star reviews is because they ended up here buzzed or drunk after a long trek from Marquee.  I guess alcohol kills taste buds because not only is the pizza greasy, it lacks taste.  That or they fool themselves that the pizza tastes good after a 45 minute wait in line.  Seriously, I can make this pizza at home because it's just reheated pizza.  (Actually I can't because I don't have an industrial pizza cooker).
4	Who doesn't love a slice of warm, greasy, cheesy, goodness at 3am?Late night study session, putting the finishing touches on a major presentation, hard night of clubbing, end of a 24 hour session of hard core grinding on the green felt.  You crave it.  You gotta have it.  Once you do, you're smiling and loving life.That said Secret Pizza is more about the experience than food.  Decent New York style thin crust with a good balance of quality ingredients.  Tasty sausage, good quality cheeses, ripe acidic tomatoes.  Generous toppings but not overloaded.  Never too out there combos (ie,  CPK).  Is it the best pie in the US?  NO.  Not even the best in Vegas.  Inexpensive for the Strip (less than $5 a slice).  You get to play the cool, adventurer as you seek out it's goodness (exactly what the Cosmo is all about).  The best part, you can take your slice and eat it while walking through the casino and watch the envious drool.  One of them might even ask you where you got it.  The answer is obvious, "it's a secret".Sometimes, to experience the adventure is more important than the food.Recommended.
2	Ok...  I love trying to find new pizza spots. I ain't gonna lie the fact that this place is hidden was really cool.  I kept seeing people with these slices of pizza and I'm like...  hey!!!  where you get that... and they like... its a secret!  hehaea... someone told me.So...  I like to try new pizza places.  I'm in search of the best pizza!  or like my mom says... peekza.I been to chicago, miami, new york...  and a bunch of other places.  I got a decent basis for judging pizza. So everytime i go any where i order a pepperoni and then whatever special...now...  The pizza was average.  The cheeses were not high grade and you can tell because a high quality cheese will melt evenly and you won't see too much of a cut between the oil and the cheese.  This pizza had pockets of oil... so instantly i knew it was a midgrade cheese.In new york, (which doesn't have the best pizza by the way but are top contenders) they throw chunks of mozarella...  they look like little mcnuggest and boom...  you get this sexy cheese spread.  And no pockets of oil...  The sauce wasn't knock your socks off good...  but it was decent.  Not too sweet. a little on the thin side for me...But it was a decent slice.  What killed it is the price.  I paid for two slices and a can of orange crush 15 bucks.  I was like... for serious?Add it to room 1159...   it didn't work no registered guess in that name.  oh well.So i dish out my card... cry a little bit.  then eat my pizza.
5	Cheap, yummy, and oh so yummy. Went for dinner w/ a friend, Angelica, and had some bomb diggity pizza. This type of pizza may institute the fork and knife method but stay away from it! Food always tastes better when eating with your hands. Be careful though of the "The Cheese is so Hot and will burn the Roof of your Mouth" monster when biting into that first slice of freshly baked pizza. Then also watch out for the avalanche of cheese that may ensue afterwards. If you don't listen to me and hear a "I told you so" in the back of your mind after that hot gooey cheese that burned you, that PBR should help cool it down. Enjoy!
5	Maybe it was all the martinis... Or maybe this really was one of the best slices I've ever had!!! I tried the white pizza and dang! That ish is tasty!!
5	Very pleased with this place.  We were bummed after the Super Bowl and our loss of money.   Later in the evening after the all you can eat buffet from Rhumbar wore off, we headed here.  About 11:00, place was not that busy.We ordered a whole pie (more economical that way).  Good ingredients, crispy crust and PBR on tap!I won't tell you how to get there.  That is half the fun.
2	The only good thing about Secret Pizza is the location and the name.  Pretty creative to called themselves secret and not have signs or direction to this place.I was not impressed by the pizza at all.  It wasn't bad, just average.
2	So I'm very late writing this review but I feel weird saying I didn't like this place because of all the hype! I went here and the pizza and the service were about the same...blah! The girl that worked here seemed more interested in chatting with her coworker than taking our order and helping us. The pizza was kinda salty, in my opinion, nice concept of a hidden pizza spot but I will not be returning.
4	Cheap and really good pizza!I had the pesto slice.. Thin, large, and flavorful.. I actually had a second slice. I don't live near Vegas and can't wait to visit again. This place will be my first stop. I want another slice!!
5	Awesome pizza. I don't usually eat my crusts but I ate every bit of these. Try the white pizza even if you don't normally like white, it's so good.
5	THE BEST SECRET IN vegas ;] . I had trouble finding it, but I knew it was open because it said so on yelp haha. my friends eileen, gaston and I were totally happy we found it. for 4.50 a slice, not bad, its pretty big NY style pizza. My fav was the pepperoncini and sausage.... YUMMMMM. definitely coming back here, and telling everyone about it. "did you know about the secret pizza place in the cosmo?" well now you do ;]
4	MUST GO HERE when in Vegas!  Perfect spot to drop by after clubbing at Marquee, also!  Casual place with cute decor with old school video games. Their pizzas are delicious, but a bit pricey. About $5.50 for a slice. You might be better off buying a whole pizza and sharing. Each slice is huge though~ so you should be good after 2 slices, but I guess it all depends how hungry you are ;) During the 3 nights we stayed in Vegas, my friends and I went to this place 3x!Of all the different pizzas I tried, the tomato, ricotta, sausage, pepperoncinis one was my favorite!!!! It was absolutely delicious. My mouth is watering just thinking about it ;P
5	Thank you Yelp for introducing me to this sweet little hot spot in Vegas! While doing a restaurant search for my surrounding area this place popped up with 4 stars and over 500 reviews. So I thought, "500 people can't be wrong, right?" And I was right! Once we got into the Cosmopolitan we had to ask someone how to get there because there are literally no signs- not even on the outside. So for future reference, you go up to the 3rd level on the escalator. Once you get off the escalator there is a weird tube-looking elevator directly in front of you. Then, just to the right of that is an inconspicuous little hallway- it's in there! Follow your nose!This pizza is crispy thin and the slices are HUGE! I had 2 slices and it was plenty! They also have this really yummy white pizza made with lots of yummy cheeses. I would say this is the top 3 best pieces of pizza I have ever had and I have been to New York AND Chicago! The only bad part is this place is real tiny and there isn't much room to sit. Other than that, GO! YOU WON'T REGRET IT!
4	I am reluctant to write a review on this place because pretty soon, this place won't be so secret... but it is the bomb! Thank you to all the other yelpers who recommended this place. This is a MUST GO if you like authentic NY style pizza.  Get either the regular slice or the "white" pizza. Both are my favorite. The other ones with toppings are just okay... The slices are huge and are 2 are more than enough to fill you up. I love the fact that this place is small, not overly crowded and the guys behind the counter heat up your slice and hand it to you to eat. It really is that good.The prices are decent... $5/slice is not horrible.Just remember... it's on the 3rd Floor fo
5	OK...maybe it's not the best pizza on earth. I don't know what is. I don't think I've had it yet, but if you think this is not at least in the running (top 3) best pizzas in Vegas I have a feeling you probably really like a Hot-N-Ready.You can argue the merits of all the different types of pizza out there all you want...the bottom line is that it's about balance, without going overboard.In my opinion this pizza is far and away better than anything I've had west of the Mississippi. The crust is fresh made, but has just the right amount of toasted crunch from the oven.The cheese is not so overbearing that it's all you taste.The sauce on both the white and the red are amazing. I like the white, but I really like the full flavor of the red sauce. It tastes more like a quality marinara than it does just pizza sauce.The toppings are all premium ingredients Quartered roma tomatoes, really good and greasy pepperoni, real cheese.Guess what? Those cost more. It's a complicated business concept I know.Really though...I'm the most price sensitive person I know, but if you think $5 a slice is not an accurate price point, then I would say stick with the 2 slice combo at Costco.Have any of you considered where the hell this place is? It's in the Cosmo...on the strip... Does anybody know how much 2 slices & a drink will run you at Sbarro?& just in case you think i'm just taken in by the "secret" theme of the place. I actually went inside & stumbled across it the first week Cosmo was open. I didn't know it was a "secret" until I started hearing people talking about it.Then the only reason I finally tried it was because Angela H. dragged me over there and force fed it to me. Usually im pretty "meh" when it comes to pizza. I don't tend to seek it out. If it's there I'll eat it. But this place really does it for me.If you have only been once I say this...Give it another try. Everybody who does the volume they probably do for such a small shop is prone to have an off night.If you had it twice and just don't like it....well....Little Caesar's is open til 10.
3	You can keep your secret to yourself.  Overrated.  Overpriced.  Open late.  So Secret Pizza hides on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan serving NY style pizza for $4.50 for a slice of cheese pizza, and everyone seems to rave about it.  I guess I'm the exception.  Not that it tastes bad, its decent.  But if I didn't work downstairs I'd probably never go.  Its convenient to anyone in the Cosmo that doesn't want to spend serious cash on an elegant dinner at the other restaurants.  But for two slices of pizza and a cup of soda you will spend over $15.  Which is cheap in comparison to the restaurants, but expensive considering you can buy a large pizza and a 2-liter for the same price at most pizza joints.  Yes, yes, I know its inside a strip casino - it doesn't make me feel any better about being robbed.  OK its NY style, but it tastes nothing like pizza from the north east.  The slices are thin (which is NY style) and sloppy (often falling apart as you pick it up) and sloooow to come out.  The choice is often limited to one or two types because they never have enough pizza ready. The line tends to get long, and even when its short the service is way slower than it has to be.  Be prepared to stand around in this closet sized restaurant (if you can call it that).  There are a few stools at a counter with no leg room if you want to sit, otherwise bring it out into the Cosmo and find a seat somewhere in a lounge.  Maybe I'm spoiled because i grew up in NJ.  I've had great pizza in Jersey, Philly, and New York.  And honestly in Las Vegas I have had nothing but horrible horrible pizza.  So I guess I could say at least Secret Pizza is some of the best of the worst pizza.  But I always leave feeling like I've been had.  The one good thing it has going is the place often stays open until about 4:30am.  You will likely have to ask someone where its at, its down a hallway with no signs.    Bottom line, I've been to this place over a dozen times because of my job, so this review is no fluke, its consistant.  This is average pizza (above average for Vegas), but unless you've lived in the South your whole life (or Nevada), I doubt you'll find it especially delicious or special.
5	Great pizza!
4	I'm always drunk when I eat here, so I can't say how good it is SOBER, but I absoFREAKINlutely love this place.Worth the wait? Hm...it's a close one, but I say yes.
3	It's a great place if you are around City Center and want pizza by the slice. It is not inexpensive compared to your neighborhood pizza place but, you are not in your neighborhood. It is a great concept. No signage anywhere, e.g., hotel directories or in front of the hallway to get there to the pizza (3rd floor Cosmopolitan-left of escalators between two other restaurants w/signage). I will keep it in mind for when I am on the Strip and want a slice or two. But, otherwise-pizza quality wise-very comparable to Rocco's on Charleston (Summerlin) except Rocco's is a neighborhood place and the slices are about 25% larger and about 25% less $.
5	SO GOOD!! Tried it for the first time. Got white pizza for $5 and it was simply CHEESEY GOODNESS! They reheat the pizza for you so when you it's nice and crispy when you eat! Though this place isn't very secret anymore since the line gets pretty long, it's worth the wait! Perfect place to go after clubbing at Marquee since it's open til 5 am. There's not that much room for you to sit and eat inside, but there's a seating area right outside with a pool table. Definitely a good place to stop by in Cosmo!
5	This is the best New York style pizza I've ever had. I've never been to New York so I'm not sure how much of a hit or how far of a miss this place is. Two things I know about this place is its a pain in the but to find and the pizza is spot on! The title Secret Pizza is definitely true. We had to ask two people where this place was located because there is no sign and no big window. It literally looks like a janitor hallway with a PAC MAN machine at the end. Once you walk to the end of the hallway it opens up into what seems like the smallest pizza kitchen ever. But what this place lacks in size it sure makes up for in pizza and the size of the slices. It seems you may need to custom order your pizza if you don't want pepperoni or just cheese. But I assure you it'll be worth it. I got two slices of pizza and although I was satisfied I probably could have crushed another one in no time. A bonus that I found is that they serve beer and have oregano and Parmesan shakers all around. So not only did I powder my pizza but I got two brews to go. At 9am. Don't judge. It's Vegas.
3	If I came here 8 months ago when this place really was a secret and all the Hipsters were rocking the joint, I would've given it 5 stars for every possible reason without trying a slice of pizza.But since it's not 8 months ago, I happen to find myself craving pizza while on the Strip, so I figured this would be a perfect time to get me some not so secret pizza.So my buddy and I go to Secret Pizza and there is no line, maybe 2 people in there.  So i guess all the hype for the place died.  Then I saw the prices, $5 for a fucking pepperoni slice?  If that slice of pepperoni pizza could actually fuck, then I'd pay $5 for it.  Not even all the concessions stands at carnivals would charge that much for a slice of pizza, and even then those slices were very good and worth it.My buddy told me he paid around $3 or less for his slices when he went there, and I was sure that was the price 8 months ago.  Either way I asked for a pepperoni slice and the server looked pretty out of it/didn't give a shit.  I know they just give you a slice and there isn't much customer service involved, but throw a fricken smile and be glad that i am paying you 10X the amount of what that pizza slice cost.  I'd be jumping for joy if I had that gig.The pizza itself; Very good.  Digged the crust and the sauce, great texture, no complaints about the quality.  However, it's not $5/slice good, but very good nonetheless.  But it wasn't very filling either.  I dunno, I felt like the charm it once had that made me want to try it out for the longest time is gone.  This is not a "little gem", "neat place" or "hidden secret", or not anymore.  It's just "hidden".#cynical
4	Really good slices, cool vibe and fast. I had the white sauce with ricotta cheese and a red sauce with meatball. Would go back over and over when in Vegas.
2	Category: Overrated!After much calories burned at Marquee, we decided to seek out the "secret" pizza. The intrigue quickly dissipated when we found it under 5 minutes (thanks Yelp). And, the door was wide open and there were a bunch of people standing in line. We got there around 2AM and we waited 20 minutes to simply order a pizza. We ordered a whole pizza with 3 toppings (sausage, onions, mushrooms) and they told us we had to wait another 25 minutes. We were so hungry, so we bought a slice of white pizza ($5, ricotta cheese, no tomato sauce) to hold us over. It was unremarkable and the crust was dried out too.We waited and waited, and finally we got our pie box. It was piping hot. Everything looked amazing. We dove in. And it was unorgasmic. There was nothing unique about the pizza and again the crust was dry and not chewy. I threw on hot peppers, garlic, and herbs to make it more tasty but to no avail. I'd rate the pizza 3 stars. The price is 2 stars ($26 for a three-topping pie). In conclusion, it is not worth the 45 minute wait. If there is no wait and you're terribly hungry, I'd say go for it.
3	In absolute love with this place. So, hauled ass from LA to Vegas for a trip with some friends, and my friend that lives in Vegas told me about this place once upon a time. This time, I'm eating here, damn it! I've heard so much about you, I'm coming in for some grub! =]Literally, located in a hole in the middle of nowhere (well, next to the pool tables in the Cosmo), there is no sign, no nothing, but a long long hallway that seems to be perhaps a janitor closet or something. Walk in, it's officially a hidden pizza shoppe, like BAM!!!!!!! Simple, straight forward, and loaded with oils/fats. This is definitely THEE perfect place to go to after drinking and partying your ass off at a club to sober up.However, for my friends and I, this place was a tad too greasy (sorry, had to minus a star for that! XP) for our sober middle of the day breakfast/lunch/brunch. Yet I can see the appeal of such greasy goodness in the middle of the night, when you stumble drunk like no other out a club, and crave some hot, fresh out the oven pizza.In essence, a good pit stop to try out for sure, better when you're drunk, but if you're sober, bring plenty of napkins to sop up the grease! =]
4	$5 a slice is a bit much but it's Vegas and it's at the Cosmopolitan so it is sort of expected. Otherwise this place is awesome! I love how simple it is, yet unique at the same time due to it's obscure setting within such a lavish and artistic hotel. Our pizza was the perfect ending to our trip to Vegas after countless complex meals at the restaurants or buffets on the strip. The pinball machines were a huge bonus, a refreshing change to the slot machines downstairs that eat up your money with the push of a button.
5	The best pizza in town and great beer. Defiantly a must have when in Las Vegas.
5	This was really really good! Even my guy who's lived in New York and is a pizza snob admitted it was comparably good. The white ricotta pizza is amazing, and the pepperoni was pretty darn tasty too. Seriously, price was very fair all considering you cannot eat this cheap in Las Vegas, and the wait time wasn't that bad at all.
5	Hands down best pizza on the strip it's hidden on the 3 rd floor
5	The in Vegas so far and the guys are yummy toooooo :) jp
5	incredible, best pizza on the westcoast. Definitely the hidden gem of Cosmopolitan. In a place filled with glitz and glamour the pizzeria is the perfect get away from it all with classic rock playing, old arcade machines and amazing slices of pizzas worth every penny. Going back for seconds without a doubt.p.s. If you're looking for a healthy slice this aint no california bs, no spinach no artichokes, and no ranch. The only condiment you need is the grease on the slice.
5	I love love love the secret pizza stop at Cosmopolitan. Nestled in a hallway at the Cosmoploitan reminds me of finding those little secret joints in New York.....so is this where they got their idea from.....cuz if so it's working....people lined up...the smell of the best darned pizza I've ever had, and the nicest staff a girl could ask for. I really did not think I would like it as I really have not found a good pizza joint in Las Vegas (well to my likeing anyway, and when it comes to food I'm a tough cookie). So off I go into this pizza culinary dream joint only to find that they have veggies...lots and lots of veggies (yup I'm a vegetarian). This is one reason I thought I may not like it.... The staff assured me that I can get almost any veggie known to man if I would wait a minute while they ran to room service to get the ones most people don't eat on a pizza. What a concept! Yes guys you can order pizza to your room after a long night at Marquee...just call room service and they will hook u up....Between the quaintness of the hidden pizza joint and being able to order it from room service I see a winner....now can we get a chain of these across the us PLZZZZZ??????
5	Secret Pizza continues to be one of my most favorite drunken foods! I dragged four people over from Monte Carlo just to try it out!We all ended up ordering the Supreme! Seriously, you can't get New York style pizza this good anywhere! (Well, except New York, I suppose...even then, I'm skeptical.)  There is just the right amount of balance between toppings & cheese.  Rarely do I have toppings toppling off or feel like I'm having a cheese pizza!  It is literally a HOLE in the wall.  Look closely or you may just miss it...
5	Im so glad the woman who checked us in at the hotel told us about Secret Pizza...we were starving before hitting the bars and casino and didn't want to spend a lot of money!....$4.50 for a slice of cheese pizza, that was HUGE! It is costlier for the specialty pizzas, but I was happy with just a cheese slice!The restaurant is small (like any little pizzeria that sells slices), and is next to the Sushi restaurant...and they are open until 5am! If you are looking for a latenight place and don't want to spend much, defiantely check it out! DELISH!
5	Stayed at The Cosmopolitan this past week and amidst all of the fine dining options sits Secret Pizza. I had asked someone that worked at the casino where a good late breakfast early lunch option was, quick. He told me where to find this treasure because you really do need a map to find it. It is down a tempting long hallway where the smell of NY style pizza lures you into its grip. It has about 10-12 stools with a Galaga game and an old-school pizza oven. Pizza is available by the slice and it is really good. Being from Boston, I like thin, thin crust that bends when you pick it up. This pizza did not disappoint.
4	Secret Pizza is not so secret anymore. The line is always long, but it's worth it when you're stumbling out of Marquee at 3am, happy, tipsy and willing to stand barefoot waiting for yummy pizza. Walking through the Cosmo Hotel holding a tabletop size pizza box was an interesting experience. Cat calls for my pizza? Random professions of love? Some really drunk guy offering me 500 dollars for my pizza? I love Vegas.
5	Needs to be renamed "Everyone and their mama's know this pizza joint" Pizza.The line is ridiculously long after a night of drinking/clubbing.  There's a reason why there's a line.  It's pretty damn good.  New York pizza got some competition.  Not so long of a line during the early day.Remember that Seinfeld episode where Jerry tries to pour out the grease on the pizza and George goes "you're crazy" and pours Jerry's pizza juice on his pizza?  Yeah, this pizza got that pizza "juice" (not grease).Cheesy, greasy, and deletable meatball topping.  Yum!  Got New York prices too, but hey, it's Vegas, where $50 all of sudden feels like its only $10.If you don't like flavor and a little saltiness, might be a little too much for your taste buds.It's really good.  Definitely check it out.
2	Over.. wait for it, wait for it.. rated.  Even at 3am after finishing a night at Marquee, this place was not good.  The pizza if you order by the slice ($5 each) is reheated in the oven.   So NOT fresh and good.  We also got a whole pie that was a bit better because it was made fresh but it still wasn't great.  I personally like the pizza place in NYNY better.  This pizza actually tasted better the next day, cold.Not much of a secret anymore.  It's on the third floor. Look for a big wooden door but it was kept open when we went because the line was so long and took forever.
4	Finding a delicious regular slice has been very difficult for me now that I'm living on the West Coast, I'm an NY kind of girl! I recently was in Vegas for the Watch The Throne concert and met up with some friends during my trip. Late one night my friend took me Secret Pizza. I would have never known there was a pizzeria at the Cosmopolitan since there was no sign except a long line! I was a bit nervous waiting in such a long line for a slice I wasn't sure was going to meet my expectations of what pizza should taste like yet to my surprise the regular slice was to die for! The best NY style pizza on the west coast, LOL. The crust was thin and crisp, the sauce was savory sweet and the mozzarella was good quality. I was especially welcomed by the shaker seasonings offered i.e. salt, garlic, dried basil and oregano they had placed on the counter which is typical at a pizzeria in NYC. Lastly, the true test of a NY style pizza is the ability to fold the crust and take a delightful bite!
5	Its a secret! Ha ha.They have great pizza, I like that they don't have a sign and put the place down the a hall away from view. Really the best part of it is the fact that its a cheap alternative for food that is open late. Really helpful guys behind the counter. While I thought the pepperoni was average, I really enjoyed the white pizza.
5	It ain't secret anymore.After more than two years of searching for the greatest pizza in Las Vegas, it should be no surprise that I would find it on the strip. What is surprising is that, despite being located in one of Vegas' trendiest casinos, Secret Pizza (if that's really what it's called) does not include the usual mind-blowing wallet smack.For 26 bucks, you can get a 3 topping pizza (they only have one size by-the-way) that blows away every other za in town. I highly recommend the sausage and the meatball as two of those toppings. Not that hungry? Then just grab a slice or two.Add 5 bucks for valet parking, take the great glass elevator to the top (just don't press that special button Charlie) and you can be enjoying one of the best slices of pie you've had since they threw you out of NYC. Fahgettaboudit.
4	Secret pizza isn't such a secret no more. This place was packed with people when I came here due to the fact that nobody picked up the phone(fail). At least i get to see why this place was oh so secret haha since there are no signs or even a name to let you know it's here but I guess seeing a bunch of people lining up for no apparent reason is your sign of knowing where secret pizza is. Fairly decent price for how big the pizza is when you order the whole thing. I actually really like the pizza...my favorite toppings to go along with it right now is probably pepperoni, onions/mushrooms, and garlic. Man the garlic makes the pizza absolutely delicious!!! I really like the thin layer crust even though it doesn't exactly get me full :p but as long as it taste delicious then there isn't much to complain about. I guess my real only complain to secret pizza is probably the amount of oil you see on it which i should of use my napkin to soak it up because i remember i had a stomachache the next day...you know the rest. #tmi BUT YEA make sure you use the napkin to lessen the oil and you'll be fine as it is a delicious pizza to enjoy. What i also love about secret pizza is that it closes at 4-5 am and that is just 2 major thumbs up for me. #nightlifeeating :)I find it to be a place you should come every time you're in vegas. :)
4	After reading all the reviews of this place, I finally went to check it out.I think that a lot of the reviews hype this place up a bit too much, either that or a lot of these people have never really had NY style pizza IN New York.That said, it's good, especially for NY style pizza, outside of NY. However, it's far from great, and it's on par for other Vegas pizza joints.  The crust was far too crunchy, rather that that perfect crust for the fold it in half true NY pizza experience, I think if I had folded it in half it probably would've just snapped. The cheese and grease level were perfect however.  The slices are HUGE, which they should be for $4.50 for plain cheese.Definitely a great find, and good pizza, but if you're from NY, like me, don't go in expecting the best pizza you've ever had and you'll certainly have a much better experience.
4	So glad a friend mentioned this place. It's on the third floor of Cosmopolitan, past the sushi resto and down a long hallway lined with old album covers.I came for lunch, relished in the one person-deep line and had my large cheese slice in hand in no time. For about $5/slice, this is a great destination for after you've shopped/drank/gambled your wad and are looking for some cheesy, greasy comfort.
5	Easily the best pizza on the west coast and rivals the best from the east. environment is just really chill with the music playing, crowds of people, big screen tv's playing the Lakers game. they even got some old school pinball machines and an arcade game. its kind of a hard place to find if you know what to look for from all the clues that you get from anyone that's even been there but its worth it once you get there.
4	Shhh... It's a Secret!  Pizza joint you will find on the third floor at cosmo, why the 4 stars and not 5?  Maybe because the Pizza is good but not NYC good but don't get me wrong, if it is late at night and you are leaving the Marquee and need a bite this place gets 50 stars!
4	Just follow the trail of happy people with unmarked pizza boxes and you will find yourself at Secret Pizza.  Much like finding a little speakeasy in a sketchy alley, Secret Pizza offers you the same satisfaction.  When you pass down the somewhat hidden halway and find yourself in a little nook serving pizza, you know you have the many few who have found the place.The menu is very simple.  The red sauce or the white pizza.  You can get the combo or ask them to add more toppings to the cheese.  It's a good pizza with a nice thin crispy crust.  Ingredients are top quality and put together really well.  The white slice was also good, but I found the cheese a bit overwhelming on this one.  Its greasy..but thats what pizza is supposed to be!  Price is a bit high starting a $4 a slice...but then i have been to much inferior places with similar pricing...i guess everything is getting pricier!
3	one word: overrated my friends and i decided to buy a whole pizza with the works and i wasn't completely happy. it was simply JUST OKAY. it was a little too oily for my taste. not the mention the dough was difficult to chew. the portions are HUGE but i personally would rather choose costco pizza over this any day...
4	I'm not good at keeping secrets, especially when it comes to food.But I'm gonna try my best in this review. Secret Pizza is a small joint, located down a long, secret hallway lined with music record covers on the third floor of the ___________hotel. Since SP is not listed on the hotels website or in their directory, nor do they have any signs indicating they are even a buisness, they can be hard to locate. Since SP is open till the wee hours of the morning, most people usually stumble in here in the early AM to cure their drunken munchies. Not me though. I stumbled in here right when they opened at 11am to cure my I just woke up and I'm hungry as hell munchies. All they serve here is pizza and beer. Simple. Delicious. You can buy your pie whole or by the slice. These are the slices my wife and I bought;1 white pizza slice http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=24ppCiDbltVR9nt4spAUFQ1 sausage & pepperoni slice http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=UGqPkyYuVIsLsjIN-UaEkg1 sausage & Pepperchini slice http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=AwEEKS68Y2WnPRDIJYzHNgSince we got there right after they opened, each slice was just coming out of the oven. After waiting a few minutes to let the huge slices cool, I remember my girl Michelle T's warning about burning my mouth, my wife and I dug in. All three slices were great. They had lots of cheese and toppings, flavorful sauce and a nice, crispy crust. At $5 a slice, this is a great spot for a quick, tasty meal. If you can find SP, you definitely need to check it out. Just look for this hallway http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=JHsPAfv3yu3RrFNFO9qzFg
4	What an awesome find. We found this place through Yelp, and after a lot of circles around the third floor, we found the nondescript hallway lined with pictures that leads to this pizza joint. It's simple and for that alone I love it, contrasted with the rest of Vegas, but its pizza is also top notch. As far as fast, filling, and maybe a bit too greasy pizza goes, this place rocks. It's a great pick me up when you want something cheap and tasty after wandering around Vegas for hours.If you can find this place, I highly recommend it.
5	OH MY WORD!!!!! This pizza is so ridic!!!!! So me and my kuzin stayed at the Cosmo and we were lookn for a place to eat... all we see if pricey lookn restaurants... so we asked sum1 if this was the only food places in the hotel/casino... he told us about the pizza place and we had a hard time finding it.... it was like $5 a slice and it was a big slice... i had the White Pizza and i fell in luv! Me and my kuzin had pizza the whole damn time we were there! We went to Marquee and got bored kuz the music was wack and we took our @sses straight to that pizza joint... BEST part of our trip!!!!
5	Highlight of a Friday night at Marquee - scarfing down delicious thin crust pizza with my girls! SO GOOD.
4	Super Cheap! awesome pizza, the white pizza is the best!!! A must have.
5	First off I must give you directions on how to find this place because it took me forever! This place is inside the Cosmopolitan on the third floor. Once you exit the elevator you walk straight out and you'll see a tiny alley way on your right. There are no signs. This place is not listed in the directory. It is truly a "secret pizza" place. Walk down the alleyway and it will lead you to the best kept secret in Las Vegas!Once you get inside you will notice it is a very small place. There's no waiter service. There's very little room for you to sit and eat. You might think to yourself "WTF? This is just like any other hole in the wall pizza joint". But don't let that fool you! This was my first time here. I only came here upon my friend's recommendation. I decided to skip the fancy buffet to try something new. When I first walked in I have to admit I was a bit disappointed. I was expecting a large fancy pizza place. I thought to myself "why is this place so popular?". There were no signs that said "we're famous for blah blah blah". So I asked the employee what they were famous for. The guy told me this place is famous for it's "White Slice".I recommend getting the white slice with pepperoni. The original white slice itself will not come with any meat or toppings. The flavor and taste of the white slice is quite unique. It is something other pizza places do not offer. It is a taste unlike any I've ever tasted before. If I had to describe it in words I would say cheesy, garlicky, and damn good! All I can say is you have to try it to believe it. After the first bite I understood why this place is so great when it comes to pizza.
5	After a long night of clubbing at Marquee, nothing beat the secret pizza place at 5am.  The wait is long and it will take hour(s) to get a slice of pizza but it's worth it.Better yet, if you have a room at Cosmo, just order the pizza for delivery to your room.  It will take an hour or so but at least you can relax in your room while you wait for pizza.Yes, it's secret and it's hard to find but once you find it...PIZZA!!!
3	The name fits this place perfect, I was walking around in circles before I found it. There's no signs indicating where this place is. The is the best bargain for eating at the Cosmo, prices you'd expect for a slice of pizza. IMO the pizza was just ok, nothing great. Since the prices were good I can't complain.
4	Not really a secret anymore but the concept was fun while it lasted! White pizza here is bomb if you love garlic! Vegetarian is also pretty darn good. A little expensive for a thin slice but you're on the strip.... Come on -_-
5	Monday, October 3, 2011Secret Pizzeria at Cosmopolitan, Las Vegas I will start this review with the following disclosure: The following Pizzeria does not exist. It has no menu, it has no website, it has no signs advertising a family meal deal. It is also not down a long hallway lined with old music album covers on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. It is not one of the best deals on the strip. It is also not the Best Pizza on the Strip. I HAVE KEPT THE SECRET.  Now onto the food review... for the best pizza and best pizza deals in Vegas you need to find the secret Pizzeria at Cosmo. The cost is almost two dollars less per slice then any other pizza joint on the strip ( including my other favorite at the Wynn) and the super thin crust , fresh taste and general New York ambiance just can't be beat. Although thin , the crust is still sturdy enough to bend without breaking and strong enough to hold any toppings. Speaking of toppings... unless you order ahead of time ( is there an actual number to the place?) then you will be having your pizza topped with whatever the chefs whim is. There is no formal menu.  On this day Simone and I had our choice of 5 different pizza pies. We both choose for our first slice portabello mushroom pizza with red sauce. With meaty fresh thin sliced mushroms, sweet fresh tasting marinara creamy mozzarella cheese and a crispy blistered crust this one was a winner. Savory till the last bite it leaves you wanting more... so I obliged. This time when I went back to the counter looking me in the face was a white pizza with fresh roasted garlic, Ricotta Cheese and Olive Oil. This one may have been better then the mushroom. The crust was sauce less and had even more crunch. The garlic was sweet, the Ricotta Creamy and slightly melted and the Olive Oil was the icing on my pizza experience.  The Pizzeria does not seem to offer any sides and I didn't ask because none were needed. They do have fountain drinks and beer. Parmesan cheese and red pepper flakes can be found at the stand up bar that you can eat on. Without any other choices, The pizza definitely stands alone (although three days later we went back and tried a cannolli for dessert and that was delicious as well).New York thin crust pizza is what its all about here at The Cosmopolitan, and these guys are the best at it.
4	What is better than Vegas and pizza?! Secret pizza ! I wish I could go on a sampling frenzie here. Another one of those situations where I have zero control. Make sure u go with pizza lovers. Not skinny chicks that can't chew.
3	3 stars for being aite...I think most of the 'buzz' (if there still is any) has to do with the location. As the name suggests, this place isn't really promoted or advertised anywhere in the Cosmo, or in Las Vegas in general. There is not menu, or even a sign in the hotel that says that it exists. It's actually called the pizzeria according to the cosmo, but its found pretty much on the 3rd flood right by the elevator. Look for a corridor decorated with golden album all over the walls. When you come in there is no menu printed anywhere, instead you just look at the pizzas they have and pick one.The costs is usually around $5-6 a slice depending on what you get, which I think is pretty price for quick slice of pizza. The food itself is decent, the white pizza is excellent as I am a fan of ricotta, but there are quite a few average pies as well (pepperoni is no different than most other places). I think the real attraction is the fact that it is pretty much the only place in the Cosmo where you can get food for less than $10 a person. And it does seem kind of 'cool' to go to place that is a secret... But I think that secret is getting out especially when you see a long line drunk kids from Marquee stretching out of the hall way.
5	DELISHHHHHHHHHHHHOrdered for pick up, took the elevator down, and brought it up in the room to grub with our friends overlooking the balconywhat a wonderful night in vegas to remember
5	By far one of the best tasting pizzas ever!! If you are in Las Vegas and are hungry during the day or just simply stumbling out of the club/casino in the late hours of the night, COME HERE! small hidden lil spot.Crust is perfect, Cheese is perfect, toppings are perfect, Sauce is perfect, Garlic flavor is perfect, its all just perfect here! I love pizza, and this PIZZA is definitely in my top three!
5	It is hard to find but it is definitely worth it!  You can either pick up a pizza or just get a slice immediately.  They are open late and it is great to get a slice after going out at night.
4	OMG...i am wiping the drool of my keyboard as I write this review. The white pizza is the best. It soaks up all the alcohol you have consumed during the night or at least make a dent in it. It's foldable and so you dont have to worry about making a mess as you eat it. The herbs and the cheese on that perfectly crisp crust is literally a slice of heaven in your mouth.
1	After all of the rave reviews, I was expecting to love this place. Maybe if you are wasted and leaving Marquee at 4am it's good, but otherwise...not so much. It was super greasy...I had about 4 bites and couldn't eat anymore. My husband wasn't impressed either. If this is the best pizza on the Strip, that's pretty sad. I don't think it would be too difficult to make better pizza than this. Sorry, Secret Pizza!
5	OMG! After coming here for the first time and having their sausage pizza, I can't enjoy any other pizzas lol. This place is crazy good! Big slices of sausage, oozing cheese.... when I took my first bite, the crispiness of the crust.. it was heaven. Got me and my sister wanting another slice. Next time we come here, definitely getting the whole pie cause its 5 dollars a slice and between me and my sister getting two slices each, it was already close to the price of a whole pie. Fountain drinks here are a tad overpriced especially when they serve it in those little red party cups.
4	Pretty solid pizza.  A good New York style slice. It's on the third floor tucked away down a hallway.  They use these new special pizza boxes that break down one half into 4 plates and the other half folds into a close-able half pizza box.
4	Ok so this little gem of a pizza place is hidden down a hallway next to Blue Ribbon Sushi in the Cosmo. If my friend didn't tell me about it I wouldn't have know it existed. I got two slices, one a pepperoni and another one with all meat. It was freaking awesome. It reminded me of pizza I ate in NYC. Good thin crisp crust with quality meats. It was so good that I went back for breakfast before catching my plane home.
3	We came here for a mid-afternoon snack and weren't disappointed ... but I wan't particularly wowed either.So I will say this for sure, the White Pie is dynamite. It's garlicy, cheesy, and delicious. The dollops of ricotta cheese on it really take the flavor to 11. If you can get a slice of this then I would do so.Otherwise the pizza is really average, borderline underwhelming. The crust is nothing special at all, and really the pizza amounts to something warm and cheesy to munch on.If you happen to be in the area, say cruising the shops or gambling nearby, and you want a linner, then you might consider this place. Otherwise it's not worth going out of your way for.
5	I'd go 4 stars on pizza, 4.5 stars on atmosphere, ingredients and selection.  I go 5 stars on hours and price for Vegas strip.  To round up to 5 stars.  I'd have to say the quality of the ingredients was the second most memorable to simple, functional and cool concept.  Staff was quite friendly both times!
5	YUMYUMYUMPERRRRRFECT drunk munchies! The place was freaking swarming at just around 4am on a Friday. The line was wayyy too long for us to stand, so we bizzounced. We returned on a Sunday around 2-3am and the line was substantially shorter. A whole pie w. 3 toppings clocked in at $26. $4/bottle of FIJI water. It took about 20-25 mins to make, so if there aren't a lot of you I'd recommend just buying separate slices.When the pie came out, it smelled, looked, and tasted amazing! The cheese slid off a little too easily but everything was piping hot and delicious. Closest thing to a good NYC slice as you can get ;)
4	Great cheap pizza. I didn't see the menus so we ordered what was there. The white was the best, so garlicky so good. The crust was crunchy and tasty. I'd love to order for pick up and eat on the balcony following a long night out!!
4	After wandering around the 4th floor of the Cosmo for about an hour and goofing around in the completely empty ballroom area (you know, making casino angels and whatnot), we realized we were on the wrong floor and that secret pizza is really not AS secretly located as I thought it would be.... ANYWAY, we came here twice while in Vegas and it did not disappoint. It was actually much better than some of the expensive places we had. Slices are about 5$ and are quite large. We had a slice of cheese, pepperoni, and white w/ ricotta. The pepperoni was great, they were spicy and flavorful. The cheese was not so great. The white was really good, very garlicky. This place is a great find on the strip! I'd go back for sure.
3	This place was good.  It's impossible to find but just ask somebody in Cosmo and they will direct you.  The price is better if you buy a whole pie.  We took back pieces and ate them later after a few drinks.  Not surprised that it tasted much better that night.  I'm guessing all these 5 stars are coming from ridiculous drunk people that would give taco bell 5 stars.  The guys working were super nice and if ya gotta feed your pizza craving, this place will do it.
2	OVERRATED. The pizza itself is decent tasting...nothing wrong with it tastewise at all, but it definitely is not amazing and NOT worth the $8 for A slice and the long line. Cut the price by half and I would give this place another star. All the people who love this place must have been drunnkkkk because as good as the pizza is, it is not that special.
4	This place has excellent pizza. Nice balance with a crispy, but not cracker-like, thin crust and delicious ingredients. My wife and I had pepperoni and the signature white pie. It was so good we came back two days later to do it again.Bonus points for being stuck in a little corner with no signs to point the way. Made it seem like you were getting the Vegas hookup at the little known hole-in-the-wall!
3	Cool pizza place that's literally a hold in the wall at the Cosmopolitan Casino. Had two slices of cheese. Long line and hidden but tasty. Expensive at 4.50 a slice with 4 dollar bottles of water but placed strategically next to Marquee for a reason. Similar to good New York pizza and in fact better than a lot of the average new York pizza places there are. Long lines.
4	I love pizza by the slice, especially after drinking!  This little secret (not really so secret) place has a pretty good selection and tastes great after drinking!  Its open til 4 AM!  Late night eating at its finest!
4	GREAT FOR HANGOVERS//DRUNK FOOD! I LOVE THIS PLACE. The pizza has the perfect thin crust and the toppings are amazing. Only downfall? Prices...it's pretty expensive, even when you're drunk. Recommendations:Meatlovers: Sausage, Pepperoni, and more sausage?!? I mean really, you can't go wrong. They're homemade sausage has herbs and spices and just delicious. I get this every time.White Pizza: This thing is also REALLY GOOD. The only reason I don't get it is because it doesn't have meat...heh heh. It has ricotta cheese and garlic and more cheese. It's so good...I just wish it had meat. Overall, you can't go wrong when you're here. It's so good AND open late. Definitely a must come when in Vegas.
4	YAY!  "Normal" food in the craziness that is Vegas.  Decent slices of New York style pizza, so floppy but not that floppy, and light on the sauce, heavy on the cheese (not as heavy as Chicago, of course).  Greasy and delicious.  Loved the mushroom slice.  Got the white, maybe we went on an off time because it was a little bland and not *that* great.Go to the top of the escalators, where all the restaurants in the Cosmo are.  Walk toward the Strip; there's chairs on your left, and on your right is a dark hallway that looks like it should lead to a service area or something, but then it's lined with pictures and you spy a pinball machine at the end.  That's Secret Pizza.  Great secret in Vegas after days of eating super-rich food or drinking or binging on buffets.
4	THE PIZZA IS AMAZING!!!!!!! I EVEN CAME BACK BLACKED OUT JUST FOR ANOTHER SLICE OF THEIR WHITE PIZZA. (I know this because I checked my credit card statement the next day and my friends can attest to me suddenly vanishing from Marquee nightclub).But honestly, great place to split a pizza with friends/carry it back to your room especially if you're staying at the Cosmo. When I was carrying it back to my room, everyone was stopping me and asking me where I had gotten the pizza. It smelled THAT good. One of the best hidden (literally) secrets of Las Vegas.
5	hole in the wall @ cosmo! this place is the spot, but it's hard to find. it's directly to the right of the club and i swear...this white pizza had me going "hooo yeah!!!" ny style pizza..cant get enough! i wish they had the meatball pizza at the time which people have raved about..but looks i'm gonna have to go again..
4	Judging by the wait times, it's definitely not a secret anymore. If you come with a group of people, it's so much more worth it to just order a whole pizza. Also, if you are lucky enough to have them pick up your phone call, I would order it first before coming in. Last time we had a pepperoni, onion, and garlic pizza that was awesome. A definite stop, especially if you stop by Cosmo!
4	For $4.00 in VEGAS, you get a pretty decently sized slice that's thin, crispy, has a nice dough-y crust, and hotttt. Didn't care for the pepperoni/sausage one because it was drenched in oil, but the "supreme" slice with the usual green bell peppers, olives, pepperoni was bombb -- not drenched with oil, good combo of all the fixings, and actually tasted a bit healthy ... say whatttt?If anything, come to Secret Pizza just to have the thrill of finding a secret gem in of one of the biggest hotels on the Strip, and amidst a whole floor of restaurants with neverending crowds! My boyfriend and I tried to find this place without the use of Yelp and ended up getting a bit lost in Cosmo...but once we used Yelp and found this place, it made the experience that much more fun!
4	secret pizza, thank you for being open late and located next to Marquee. The line sucks but the pizza is pretty damn good. My favorite was the white pizza hands down.
2	I'm really confused .. I'm not sure why everyone thinks this place is so great. It wasn't a very memorable pizza in my opinion, but it did fill up my tummy after leaving Marquee. I guess the convenience is pretty cool, but at about $5 a slice and having to wait in line for days (especially during the wee hours of the night) I would much rather go to Earl of Sandwich.
3	"NOT SO SECRET PIZZA".Yes, there was a line.Pizza was good but not mindblowing.  The crust is super crunchy..Think I prefer more of a rustic style pizza that is a litte more burnt around the edges and slightly more chewy.But it was good and very affordable.Beer prices seemed good until they hand hand it to you in a red cup...Talk about TINY...  It was like 8 ounces?Definitely worth a try if you're staying in the Cosmopolitan, but I'd say skip it you're coming just for the pizza.
5	It is not a secret anymore!!! So sad!! This place is open until 5am, and that is a beautiful thing! The pizza is reasonably priced considering that it's Las Vegas, and it's a NY size slice. It is PERFECT for a late night snack after Marquee.  Go find it! Good luck! There is no signage!
4	Secret Pizza, yummm, I know it's very well known now and probably shouldn't be called Secret pizza anymore but they haven't named it anything else so....we will just go with that.I stayed at the Cosmo my last trip to Vegas and since we got there around 230 pm in the afternoon, we wanted something to eat that wasn't too heavy.  Well, since I read about this place on Yelp, I decided i had to try it.  We went down to the second floor and had to ask around a bit to figure out where it was, third floor, across from the pool table.  The hallway to enter is filled with old pictures, you gotta walk all the way down and be transported to a New York style pizzeria.  You can order the whole pie or by the slice with whatever they have that day.  I had the meat lovers while K had the pepperoni and mushroom.  The pizza is thin, can get a little greasy but oh so good.  Crunchy, salty, with the perfect blend between sauce, cheese and toppings.  This is what New York style thin pizza should be like.The prices are ok, about $5-6 per slice, something you expect in Vegas but since it's open practically all day, great place for a snack.  If i wanted something to fill up with in Vegas without the extreme Vegas prices, this is my go-to
5	Great Pizza.In the midst of the gaudy sparkle that is the Cosmo, there's actually a hole in the wall that's really easy to miss. Seek this place out and try it. It's inexpensive (relatively) and good!
5	Legit NYC style pizza right down to the white tiled hole in the wall setting, complete with pinball machines and signed dollar bills taped up next to the register.The crust is just the right thickness and almost has a bit of a sourdough flavor. The sauce is mild and subtle, and the cheese is perfectly proportioned. The pepperoni and meatball toppings are both winners.The staff has that New York sass to them, but always provide solid service.I don't care if it's a ridiculous $4.50 per slice, Secret Pizza is the best slice in town, is worth a special trip, and is my go-to when I get that craving for a good slice or four.
5	Best Pizza Ever. This quite possibly might be my go to place as soon as I get to Vegas. Sorry, Earl's.Finding it may be difficult, but it's always fun to wander around with your party. But when you're like us and need your pizza fix quick status, you will search through all reviews to find on exactly how to get there. You could just smell it walking towards it, mmmm. Sure, there's a wait and you notice you can't really sit down there. There are a few stools and arcade games if you are waiting for you pizza to be ready. After only 20 minutes, our pizza was done.Delicious. I love their sausages best. Everything from the crust to thickness to cheese to subtly of the sauce, made this place memorable for me.  I craved pizza the next day and all I kept thinking was,  I just want Secret Pizza. I cannot wait to go back.
5	I waited one hour for one slice of cheese pizza. I can tell you it was amazing - but an hour wait in line while drunk will make just about anything amazing. I finished the slice as I pushed through the line to get out. All i could think of at that point was, "damn. I should have got two."
5	OMG this pizza is amazing!!!!!!! I have no idea why it is soooooo good...maybe because it is simple but its so delicious that I ate here more than any other place. Every time I go to vegas from now on I must stop by this place because I've never had any pizza this good in LA. It literally tastes like the pizza from teenage mutant ninja turtles looks like it should taste. The cheese is amazingly like stringy but does not take all the cheese with it to burn your mouth and the crust is light and airy with a satisfying crunch....do yourself a favor and try this place out!!!!!
5	After an excellent but unfilling dinner at Jaleo down the hall, my family wandered over to the secret pizza place. My dad had gotten a slice before our dinner and we knew that we would be in for more. After walking down a hall of records, I came across a white tiled pizza shop with no name.... yes, no name. After walking up to the counter I read the small menu on the wall, and all of a sudden, a worker with a heavy brooklyn accent asked what i wanted. I ordered a slice of sausage pizza, by looking at it i knew it would be good. I was rung up for a total of 5 dollars for a nice sized slice, after we just spent 225 for 4 at jaleo. This pizza was so simple but so tasty. Crispy thin foldable crust, hearty sauce, and authentic sausage. This is one of those stupid pizzas that everyone tells you about that taste so simple but so good. All together this place was great. After  i wolfed down the slice, i asked the lady at the register what the name is. She replied, " we don't have one, on yelp we're known as secret pizza". This made it that much better. Everytime im in vegas, i'll know to go here when i don't feel like burning money and i want a great pizza.
4	Not cheap @ $4.50 for a cheese slice and $24 for a whole pie. But definitely tasty. Even when you're not that hungry, so that says something! LOL  Will definitely try other menu items next time I return!
5	Maybe the best Pizza I have ever had. Out of all the expensive dinners we had all week in Vegas this cheap hidden Pizza place has been the best best food by far. Amazing and fresh. Its like GOD Pizza from Heaven with a side of awesome.
4	THE WHITE PIZZA IS SOOOO GOOD!Venue: A hidden pizza place inside Cosmo. It's on the 3rd floor next the pool table. Inside have a couple of pinball machines and doesn't have a seating area. Service: Okay.Food:White Pizza (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=ZGn242zBLxlP6dyGdfWzrg) - $5 ricotta cheese and mozzarella pizza. The Ricotta makes it Da Bomb!! Might be slightly greasy on the top, but nothing with a little bit of napkin pressing won't fix. I normally like my pizza with more toppings but this one was really good by itself!Combo Pizza - $5 It was up to par. Tasted similar to Costco pizza.Price: Okay.Overall: Great place for a quick bite or even a late night snack after the clubs.
3	Apparently it's not that much of a secret...there was a long line, but it moves steadily so don't be intimidated.  Don't be fooled by the 3 stars (I was contemplating 4), the pizza is tasty, but I've had better...especially in NYC if you want this style of pizza.  But maybe on the west coast this is as good as you're going to get.  From what I remember pizza slices ranged from $4-6 a slide depending on the toppings.  And you have to choose from what they have if you want slices.  If they happen not to have plain cheese at the moment, well your out of luck and have to choose something else.It's a refreshingly inexpensive option for food in Vegas.  If your hungry or drunk or nearly broke or a combination of any of the aforementioned qualities you should make a stop here.
5	Keep going past the pool table and turn right into the tunnel decorated with album covers.  Inside you'll find some possibilities for eating.  The night we went, there was a three-cheese pizza, combination, pepperoni/ pepperoncini, and meatball slices to choose from.  Prices are about what you would expect for a good slice of pizza, making me feel that the $12 we paid for three slices was the best $12 we could have spent for a dinner on The Strip.  Open until 3:00, so you can stop by after spending time in the clubs or at a nearby bar.
4	I got a slice of White pizza and a slice of peperonni after a night at Marquee on Monday.We got there in between crowds which was great because I hate lines.  The white pizza is good and the pep is good as well. The slices are $5 and served ready to go on a paper plate and a checkered greasy wrapper thats going to slide off the plate as soon as you pick up your slice.  Secret pizza is ideal for stopping in, getting a slice and leaving, but it is also a comfortable place because its decorated with a lot of cool stuff.Too bad this place is in Vegas because my hometown L.A. has few and far i between spots a brotha can get a good pizza slice.
4	I really like the pizza, but does the hole-in-the-wall, dirty, grumpy, loud vibe seem a little too manufactured to anyone else? I mean, I'm sure those pizza makers are GENUINELY grumpy, they have to serve up a steady stream of pies all day long, deal with stupid questions, drunk hotel guests, people bringing in giant crowds AND people who whine about them not having their kind of pizza ready.But the brick walls, the white t-shirt and apron outfits, the old pictures, and the pinball machine (which is obviously just there to help develop the ambiance because there is NOT enough room for it to be there) are just a bit forced. I mean, everyone knows LV is a place of many tastes and cultures, but I'm a little off-put by fabricating a NY pizzeria in the middle of your hotel/casino. I think my problem is, that while LV has a ton of recreations of things and places, they are all loaded up with kitsch, and secret pizza keeps the kitsch minimal- like they are going to trick us into not noticing what they're going for.Okay, if you've read this far, you're probably like "Why is this girl giving them 4 stars if she's just gonna complain about stuff?" And to you I say, "SORRY- had to get it out of my system."Anyway, the pizza is good. I wouldn't say it's the best pizza I've had in my life or even the best Pizza west of NY, but it's a good pie. I know everyone makes a big fuss over the white pizza, but the homemade sausage they put on top their pies is SO good.If you're in the cosmo and you're drunk, hungry, or even if you think you can't eat another bite- GET A SLICE!drinks are a rip off and come in a red cup that is super hard to handle if you're juggling slices of pizza, a bag, children or whatever in your other hand.
2	I've gotta admit, it's one of those places were the good reviews puzzle me.  I think the key to getting a pizza here is to order a whole one fresh and take it to go.  So now that you know the "secret" I'll go on with my review...I was worried about even finding this place since it's supposed to be a "secret" but all the restaurants mainly being on the 3rd floor give it away a bit.  You'll find the secret pizza shop down a long hallway lined with album covers.  It's a very cool concept really!  Hide the cheapest option in Vegas so you feel like you've "hit the jackpot" when you score a New York style slice for $3.50!I was a bit confused by the menu.  Well, it's not even a menu, it's a sign that says slice of pizza $3.50 and whole pizza XX amount (sorry, can't remember the whole pizza amount).  Since a lot of the business I suspected was by the slice, my idea was you can add on toppings and they'll "bake" (reheat) it on the spot.  Not the case...There's around 4 or 5 pizza's sitting out that you choose from.  Better hope you like what's sitting out, because that's your only option by the slice.  I love mushrooms, so I wanted a cheese and mushroom pizza.  No luck for Rachel.  I instead ordered the white pizza with tomato and spinach and I thought they'd pop it into the stove for a couple seconds to heat it up.  No such luck.  It's served to you right then and there.  I think that's why it came out a little dry and underwhelming for me.  It wasn't "right out of the oven" but out of the oven a couple minutes/a while later...And that really made me not a fan.  But I really think I would have thought differently about it had it been right out of the oven.  So order the whole pie and do it the right way!
3	Overrated.... The place is kind of coolbecause it's tucked away in a hidden alley inside the Cosmo and the pizza is fairly cheap for Vegas. I ordered the ricotta and sundried tomatoes and another supreme slice (we were really hungry) both of myslices were cold.. And waaaay to greasy. I liked the thin crunchy crust but the toppings were scarce. I do have to add though that this is a good pre-party dinner or post party drunken snack
5	For us locals the pricing is a rip off.  But since this place is in the Cosmopolitan on the Strip I'd say the prices are totally reasonable.On to the pizza - awesome.  Nice crust that is crisp on the outside.  Has a slightly tangy taste like sourdough.  Just means they let the dough rise slowly and didn't rush it like so many places do.Cheese was nice as was the sauce.  But the main attraction for me was the pepperoni.  Nice and spicy.  And the guy put a lot on there.  Really hits the spot and a much better value than a taco for $4 or a chinese bao for the same.
4	The pizza has a great taste but the price has risen since it's gotten even more popular. $5 for a one topping is really pricey. I'd hope that they would give you a larger slice for that price or put a couple more pepperonis.. I had visited last time in January and now April. I believe it used to be $4.50 for my one topping pepperoni. Sigh..best deal is to get an entire pie and save it for leftovers if you're not going to be able to consume it all right away. The lines aren't too bad around midnight but get longer once the clubbers let out. Good to visit once every vegas trip for a midnight snack.
4	Like all the other reviews mentioned, the pizza place is down a long hallway--walls decorated in album covers.  Pretty neat.  Pizza is pretty good.. thin crust..melty cheese.  Cheaper snack while you are on the strip.
4	So, finding this place is really a fun adventure in itself.  I sort of like the mysterious theme, and the long walk down a record-cover filled hallway with the lingering smell of fresh pepperoni and mozzarella cheese wafting the whole way.When you do finally find it, you might notice that the prices are a little absurd for a slice of pizza.  And toppings make it even more.  If you're with a group, and none of you are particularly addicted to meat or veggies, I'd suggest just getting a full cheese pie.  Your wallet will thank you.Apart from the high prices, the pizza itself is really something special.  I'm originally from the Philadelphia area where, next to cheese steaks and soft pretzels, it's the pizza that we pride ourselves on.  Even in Los Angeles where I live now, I have yet to find a truly comparable pizza place.  But Secret Pizza absolutely delivers on that expectation.  Maybe that's the secret afterall.  In any case, totally worth the price of the pie.  The individual slices are a little small, so I can't say with confidence that if you bought by-the-slice, you'd be satisfied.  But it's definitely a tasty, east-coast-style pizza.My only other reservation is in regards to the seating area.  There isn't a lot of it.  And if you're not staying in the Cosmo and planning to take the pizza to your room or something, you might be hard-pressed to find a place to rest your bum.
3	After a night of drinking and partying the pizza hit the spot. Not sure how good it would be sober.I had two slices of pizza, pepperoni and sausage, at $5 a slice. The line was about 25 minutes deep on Friday and about 45 minutes deep on Saturday at about 3am to 4am.  With a very few food options open late at night, people do wait this long and pay $5 a slice. I even saw some people that got a full pizza for like $25 trying to slang slices for $10 a peace outside of Secret Pizza....true hustle. I guess they were trying to get back that lost gambling money or get more liquor funds. If you want something besides pizza and maybe a shorter wait, try The Henry  on the first floor, they are open 24 - 7 and have a solid late night selection.
4	Definitely a really good pie. Look for the it unmarked corridor in between Blue Ribbon Sushi and Jaleo in Level 3 of the Cosmopolitan.
1	Awful pizza. Comparable to Sbarro's. Save yourself the time, money, and calories and go somewhere good.
4	I didn't believe the yelp reviews about the white pizza, but they proved me wrong!  Thin crust pizza, large slices, love this cheap and easy food in Vegas! Find the pool tables on the third level of the Cosmopolitan, find this hidden gem down a hallway of records. I love a simple pepperoni pizza, but why is this white pizza so addicting?! Don't let me hype it up... gotta try it for yourself!  Come here for just an appetizer before a fun night ahead!  Can't wait to come back and purchase a whole pie!
4	Ever since I heard about this place I couldn't wait to find it and try it!  It was worth the wait and the effort! We ordered two slices of White Pizza which was great! Thin, crisp crust that I could still fold slightly to eat like a taco.   This Pizza was Garlicky and Cheesy! My two favorite things on Pizza, so I was in Heaven!  The only reason I can't give it 5 Stars is that my girlfriends PBR tasted horrible, like they need to clean their lines.  The place is very small, but there are a few Wheelchair  height spots at the counter.Secret Pizza will be a must stop on my Vegas trips!
4	I heart pizza.
5	Drunk or Sober, this is the best Pizza in Las Vegas. Always worth the wait. The pepperoni has a bit of kick to it!Oh, and they serve box wine & PBR! Awesome.YUMMMMM!
2	Definitely not impressed. To be honest, I think chain pizza places like Domino's and Papa John's are much better than this. The concept is cool, a secret pizza place hidden at the end of a hallway that's extremely easy to miss if you're not looking. (I didn't even know this place existed and I've eaten in Jaleo and DOCG right next to this place!) The hallway is fun to look at while waiting in line, as it's plastered with old  vinyl record covers. I had the white pizza slice and another with ricotta and sun dried tomatoes. Both were very oily, and tasted like they had been sitting out for a while. The cheese was not stretchy, ooey, or gooey, but rather sort of dry. Also very salty. Maybe I would have better thoughts of the food here if I hadn't come sober. But then everything tastes amazing after a few drinks.
5	Delicious.   Thin crust and tasty toppings.  Great prices.  Want to go back to try the white pizza next time.  I'm craving it right now!  Oh yeah - and I LOVE that its a "secret".  I've been telling everyone about the secret when I hear they are going to Vegas.
4	This place really is a secret! It's on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo next to a sushi place, but there are no signs and no name to this place. Got lost the first time but luckily the staff helped point me in the right direction. The pizza is delicious!! I especially love their white pizza which is made with ricotta, mozzarella, and has a great garlic flavor. The sausage pizza is also good because it has a spicy kick. The pizza totally hits the spot whether you're drunk or sober and it's very affordable at $3-$5 a slice. Come here instead of Earl's, it's also open until 4 am!
4	Very sneaky place to find.  Good joint to hit up after or before clubbing.  Picked up a whole box for about $20.   Thin crust and flavor is delicious (sausage).  Waiting for a box takes forever when you're drunk.  Quicker if you just buy a slice.
4	Secret pizza lives up to their name!We walked all over Cosmo and couldn't find this place.  It's on the 3rd floor and tucked in behind a long hallway that is covered by vinyl covers, I think.  We had to ask for directions.  Just do the same.Yummy NY style pizza!  Very easy menu with pizza (whole or slice), salad and drinks.  That's all folks. I had the white slice with the fresh mozzarella cheese, ricotta cheese and garlic.  I added mushrooms to it.  They have the pizzas premade and they put your topping on the slice and bake it again.  $5.50 for a slice of heaven!There are a few seats at the counter but you're much better off taking into the lounge area in the Cosmo and eating it there.Remember to bring quarters for Galaga!
5	best in the west!go get some of this secret pizza!
4	PBR on TAP I am down!!!  Pizza is good.  Just make sure you have it there the crust gets to soft when you get it to go.
4	671 Yelp reviews........not so secret.Good slice of pizza, probably one of the better values on the strip. The guys working there were cool. No complaints.
5	It was great while it lasted, but Secret Pizza (otherwise known as 'The No Name Pizza Kitchen') is no longer a secret.  The lines have gotten longer and the prices have gone up, but this is still the best pizza in Vegas.  Try and avoid this place when Marquee is open, because it will be a circus of drunk people, and I've noticed that they don't go as far to heat up your pizza as they do when they aren't as slammed.  But regardless of when you go, how long you have to wait, or what slice you get, this place is worth the wait, ALWAYS.  Oh, and don't be the jerk who orders a whole pie when this place is busy.  Not cool, dude.
4	Ok it's no secret that I love pizza, but secret pizza? How could I say no?! I have been here a few times and never been disappointed. There will be a line, but you will still have trouble finding it. It is down a very mysterious hallway right beside the sushi joint. It is truly tiny, but so perfect after a night of debauchery! There are just a few seats and a couple of pinball machines inside. Luckily, there are couches and a pool table right outside.You can get pizza by the slice or wait for an entire pie. They continually crank out the pizzas here. The meatball and pepperoni is one of my favorites. Their sauce is delicious and the crust is thin. This is the type of pizza that you definitely have to fold in half to eat. There will be grease, but true New York pizza is also greasy. The meatball is so flavorful and fantastic. I do find the pepperoni to be a bit too spicy for my taste, but I like that it is not the generic circular pepperoni. Last night I had the opportunity to try a white slice, which was good and garlicky but seemed a little more like cheese bread and a little less like pizza, which is always a risk with white pizza. There aren't tons of options, just your basic slices. It is cheap for the strip, but actually a tad pricey at $5 a slice! The pizza is good, but you would only be paying $2 in New York. It is fun to be in on the secret and if I need a late night snack on the strip I know exactly where to come.
1	I don't care how good yelpers think this pizza is.As long as they have those dehumanizingly long lines to get food, they are odorus cow-dung to me.If I had this business, I'd realize that the demand outstrips the supply, and following basic economics 101, (which obviously the owner did not take in college, if he even WENT to college), would lead me to open a second restaurant, somewhere else, to take care of the overflow.Man, I hate stupidity!
5	I can't wait to eat this again !!!
4	Solid, solid pizza.  I wouldn't call it mind-blowing... but it was definitely worth the wait. The staff makes every attempt to get you through the long odious line as quickly as possible.  The atmosphere is friendly and casual (which is a nice break from the uppity feel of the Cosmopolitan). The dough is legit, although not as good as New York's pizza crust. Every pizza is made fresh, and you can tell.I'd return any day.
4	We found secret pizza quite easily, as did about a dozen others that were there when we were. The pizza was GREAT, i'm from the northeast so, no, it wasn't the BEST i ever had, but it was REALLY good. The price was ridiculous. Whoever said it was cheap is cray-cray. $5 a slice? LOL in jersey that gets you a half a pizza. So -1 for the price, +4 for the pizza itself. I thought the guys were OK there, kinda like the people at home, here's your pizza, gimme the money. I don't mind that in the least.
4	Great hidden place for a bite to eat... at times there was a long line... pizza is a little soggy in the middle.
3	Good pizza, cheap grub when in Aria complex, when you want to save money for lunch or whatever. On the 3rd floor, above the Chadelier, right in front of you as come out of the escalator
4	Secret Pizza is good. Thin crust, freshly baked and a simple menu. This place really was secret! We had to ask for directions to get to the place. Since we went at 3am when all the drunk clubbers start to stumble out in search of food, the line was pretty long; 30 minutes. So maybe this place is not so secret anymore... We waited at the end of a dark hallway covered in old record covers and loud music. I certainly enjoyed the casual atmosphere, giving me a break from the usual extravagant atmosphere of Las Vegas. We ordered the 3-topping pie ($26 for a large size). Pepperoni, mushrooms, and ricotta. Made to order thin crust. It was delicious. Definitely flavorful, without too much sauce, and not overwhelming. My friends and I kept the leftovers and ate them for breakfast the rest of the weekend! Great pizza place on the Strip.For reference, If you have ever been to Home Slice Pizza in Austin, TX, I would say Secret Pizza is 1-2 steps down from that.
4	The place reminded me of the beginning scene from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: Secret of the Ooze.  Ton's of people, pizza flying everywhere, mouths watering etc etc.  The quality is as good as some pizzerias in NYC and definitely better than most joints in DC/VA.  And I'm not comparing this to brick oven pizza cause it's not.  It's your utilitarian slice pizza and it's supposed to be greasy and please don't use a knife and fork.  Fold it in half!!
4	If I could give this pizza 4.5 stars I would. We ordered three huge pizzas and it came out to almost 60 bucks in total, but considering the location of the place and the size of the pizzas, I'd say it was worth it. The pizza was really good (I highly recommend the supreme), though it did have A LOT of grease. The environment was clean and the service was good too. Check it out of you are looking for some good pizza that will fill you up!
5	I love the secret pizza shop! this place is soo good. Came here on two separate occasions. First time was around 1am on a Saturday (er..Sunday morning) and the line was long. Took about 20 min to get to the front and my oh my...the drunkards have come full force. I suppose being sober in the cosmopolitan at that time next to the exit of one of the strips most popular clubs doesnt help. But we ordered a whole pie...their white pizza which consisted of olive oil, onions, mozzarella, ricotta, and gahhhhlic. Then we kicked it up with muchrooms and sliced meatball. OMG A. Maze. Ing. It was so good. the new york thin crust and the mounds of ricotta...just a taste explosion in your mouf. Only thing was it cost quite a bit...30 bucks to be more specific. But it was worth it...it was vegas...and what ever..splurge. Next day went back and got a slice of classic peperoni. Still...super great and was really good. Soda and beer are served in red cups (same ones u buy at local costco or wherever) and its free refills (soda). i dont know what would happen if you brought your own from pre gaming in your hotel...Went to the restaurant next door and played some fooseball...that was a blast. the pool table had broken cues...but what do you expect.The place is located on the 3rd floor between two restaurants...a japanese and a spanish. it has a large wooden door with no sign...
4	Great pizza, good value, friendly service. I've actually eaten here sober both times, I can only imagine how much more delicious it would be while hammered. I don't think I'd be able to find the place....and I'm sure the wait would be quite a bit longer as well.
5	Sooooo amazing. Wish they had one for us locals!!!!!! Makes me miss being back east.
4	After a night of drinking, pizza for lunch sounded pretty delicious. And a restaurant called Secret Pizza..? I'm intrigued!We ordered a few pizzas (at $20-25 dollars each):- 1/2 White with pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms. and ricotta cheese and 1/2 regular cheese- Pepperoni and sausage- Sun dried tomatoesThe slices are huge and delicious! The white pizza with the ricotta cheese = amazeballs, no lie. You have to try it!The restaurant itself is pretty cute - there's no sign outside like normal restaurants. It's just a semi-hidden hallway-like area. There's a huge wooden door that can close to make it look like there's no restaurant at all. Pretty cool!
5	DELICIOUS! Every component for a perfect pizza exists in these pies. I usually order a cheese pizza as a litmus test to see how good the spot really is. The perfect pie (in my opinion, of course) must be:Thin Crust (Yes, controversial)Chewy Crust (This place definitely has that)Tasty Sauce (Not too sweet, not watered down)Gooey Cheese (Yum)Just enough greaseCooked in a brick oven (Ok this place doesn't include that but I forgive them)If that isn't convincing, I used to work for several pizza places and I used to be around pizza A LOT. I KNOW MY PIE! Thank you Yelp for helping me find this place easily.
4	The journey to the Secret Pizza (No Name Pizza...whatever you call it) is as fascinating as actually eating the pizza itself.  The other reviews pretty much give great hints to finding it but yes, it's in the Cosmo and go up a bit.  After searching a bit, I gazed down that mysterious hallway that everyone says to look for and seeing the pinball machines made my heart go a-flutter.  Entering the Secret Pizza Parlor, there really isn't anything except the menu and a few workers making the pizza (both in slices and boxes).  When I went, the price was around $4.50 for a slice for a cheese or 'white' New York style pizza, extra for a few more ingredients and they have PBR (and something else) on top along with some wine.  You order up and while you wait, there's an old Galaga machine along with two pinball machines and some parlor style chairs.  I ordered a 'white' pizza and a PBR.  The white pizza is a cheese pizza mixed with several piles of feta cheese with herbs mixed in.  What an amazing combination.  That pizza was quite delicious and downing it with on tap PBR, it was well worth everything.  So if you're around Vegas, whether it's in the afternoon or late at night, and you're hungry for something delicious, something cool and something that won't break your wallet - go to the Secret Pizza.  Unless you absolutely abhor pizza, you're missing out.
4	Went to Vegas this past weekend and one of the highlights of the trip was hitting up this unnamed (yet not much of a secret) pizza joint in the Cosmopolitan Hotel. Luckily, I've got a friend out there that my wife went to school with so we learned about it almost instantaneously. The walk up into this place is pretty impressive. The Cosmopolitan is actually one of the nicer hotels in Vegas, and you don't actually get forced in the casino the second you walk in. It definitely seems to cater to a 20 somethings crowd, which I think is very appealing for people that my age bracket, but I can imagine might be tedious for people that are a little bit older.So, on to the pizza itself. The place is small and down a fairly long hallway. They've got some pinball machines and a counter where you order and pay. No seats, but there's a little lounge back out in the hotel, so it's really not  a big deal. Their pizza is greasy and has a good crust. It's fucking expensive. Seriously, I don't usually complain much about price with food, but $4 for a slice is absurd. David Chang isn't making my fucking pizza back there, and even if he was I'm pretty sure he wouldn't have the balls to overcharge on a slice. Bottom line, it's definitely good, and I'm sure it's absolutely fantastic if you're shit faced. It's worth probably once, but unless you're right in the area you shouldn't go out of your way.
5	Hot, cheesy yumminess. Yes, please! For $5/slice this is a great way to get away from all the buffets and fine dining and just kick back. My favorites were the mushroom and cheese. There's also a nice lounge area to shoot pool and kick it outside the hallway. Chill out to the max. It's also very close to the Eastside Tower elevators, so take a ride to the 3rd floor and enjoy a late night snack.
5	best NY style pizza in vegas. had fun looking for it. after one slice i waited in line again for seconds. yum
4	If the lines at 3:00am are any indication, Secret Pizza is THE WORST KEPT SECRET in Vegas.  If the first rule of Secret Pizza is to not talk about Secret Pizza (right Yvette??  Haha), someone definitely wasn't paying attention!  Not that I have a problem that they did...because now I can write my review without having to feel guilty about it.Tucked away on the third floor and with no signage to point it out, finding the entrance is to literally look for a hole in the wall.  Once you do though, it's just a short trip down a hallway until you find yourself in a small room and in front of their pizza counter inside.  They offer a variety of pizzas by the slice at any given time, as well as whole pies that you can customize.  Since there was about ten of us there, we opted for two large pizzas - one with pepperoni, sausage, and mushroom, while the second had mushrooms, sausage, and green peppers (I think...didn't try that one).All in all, the pizzas were pretty solid.  There was a generous amount of tasty toppings and I liked how there wasn't a ton of sauce.  I certainly wouldn't say it's the best pizza out there, but it was good and a lot better than I had expected.  The best part of all though was their prices - at about $4-5 a slice and $22 for a three topping pizza, they're comparable to what regular pizzerias would charge and definitely budget friendly for the Strip.  As far as late night/post-partying food options go, Secret Pizza is a solid bet.  BTW, a word of advice from my friend - in your potentially inebriated state, try to remember to wait before taking that first bite.  You might not feel all that hot oil burning your mouth when you're drunk, but you'll definitely feel it when you wake up the next day ("Dude, my tongue REALLY HURTS").
4	yumyum. so cool how this place is hidden away in the Cosmo. pizza is pretty good- i got the meat lovers, which is no joke. tons of sausages and pepperoni on this thing. also tried a bite of the white pizza which was amazing and the guy said its one of their most popular slices. features either ricotta or goat cheese and a semi-strong garlicky flavor. perfect for a quick yummy and affordable meal at almost all hours of the day. idk about u guys but i always get really hungry after marquee day club and no line in the middle of the afternoon!
4	OooH lala .. whatever's a secret, is always good. This was super random. We went here before we went to Marquee because we needed something quick to eat before we drank, so we didn't get too effed up. It's a hidden gem, it's called Secret Pizza after all. The pizza is actually really good. They make it really easy to purchase by the slice, because that's all I really needed to eat to get me through the night. Someone needs to let you know where this joint is, or you're going to have to walk around searching like a crazy person. If you find it, it's worth it!
5	Because this place is somewhat of a secret it makes the pizza even more special.This pizza is really impossible not to love, if you like pizza. This is that greasy NY style, big slice, perfect cust pizza that you crave. If you're cool enough to find this place, welcome to the cool club but keep it a secret.
5	After days of buffets, I was done and looking for some yummy comfort food.  I had been itching to go to Secret Pizza since I heard about it months ago, and I'm so happy that I found it!! This is thin crust pizza at its best.  Perfectly crispy and cheesy.  I had the white pizza and mushroom, both the BEST pizza I've had outside of New York (seriously)!  For $5 a slice, it was totally worth it.  The place really wasn't hard to find if you know where to go.  It's on the third floor between Blue Ribbon Sushi and Jaleo.  I know it's supposed to be "secret pizza," but I'm not saying anything that people at the hotel wouldn't know or you can't find through a Google search anyhow.
4	After partying at Marquee and coming out drunk, what is better than some NY style pizza?! I lost my friends and ventured here alone hahaha ordered two pizzas and inhaled them! So freaking bomb! Only reason im giving it a 4 is because I was wasted and food when you're wasted just taste good regardless.  If I ever try this place sober and its still delicious, then it'll get a 5 star rating :P
5	Delicious.
4	I was very determined not to review Secret Pizza until I've had this place sober!Always had a little doubt about this place since I've only been here after a night at Marquee.  I always remember it being awesome (or whatever I can remember of it) and all of my friends love this place.  Came on a Tuesday night since I was in Vegas for work.  As expected, sorta empty and just two guys working in the back.  I went with the White Pie while my coworker went with the sausage.  After it was heated up, my White Pie looked as bomb as I remembered it.  In fact, it tastes even better than I remembered!  Creamy, garlicky, and cheesey.  I don't remember it being as garlicky as it tasted but it was great.  You can even add some garlic powder, which I did since I'm a huge fan of garlic.  Added some parmesan and sprinkled on red pepper to give it a bit of kick.  I tried a bit of the sausage but the tomato sauce and the cheese didn't stick to the pizza so it ended up being this gooey mess, but so good.  I did notice that my slice of White was smaller than all the other pizzas there... meh.Glad to say that when sober, this place tastes just as good, and for the the next time I'm here after a night at Marquee, I know I'm eating a good piece of pie!
5	I don't think this place is very "secret" anymore... 700+ reviews on Yelp and a line both times I have gone. Was giving friends the good ole' Las Vegas Strip tour and decided to give this place a try as I had heard many good things from fellow Yelpers. Staff was really friendly and even suggested we get a pie instead of ordering slices as there was 4 of us (probably would have figured it out on our own but its nice to know they weren't trying to pinch us for every penny).Did I mention that it had that "aroma"? You know, the aroma of a genuine pizza place? If you are from New York, you know about the "aroma". I was sold the second I started walking down that entrance way.Pizza was very good and the ingredients were quality. No joke, but some of the best tasting pepperoni I have ever had. We had a half white, half pepperoni pie.Only downfall for me was that the middle of the pie got a bit soggy. Maybe it was the type of pie we ordered, I don't know. But outside of that, I was extremely pleased and despite the price tag (around 25 bucks) it's worth it for good quality product.
5	Damn fine pizza. Nothing like this on Texas at all.
3	I am a fantastic procrastinator so I am finally writing my review of the "Secret Pizza."  The concept is fantastic, Italian records on the wall, a pinball machine. Friendly service and cool workers. So why only 3 stars? It is JUST A-OK. It should have a sign that says" Congratulations you found the hipster Sbarros" That's really all it is, its decent pizza for a decent price (for the strip) and a cool concept. I am rating this on the food not the concept. A Sbarro that you can choose your own toppings is all  you get. If you are hammered coming from Marquee then you will probably love this place.  If you are like me and have had good pizza before and are sober when trying it or only a few cocktails in then OK is what you get. It's not bad and it's not all that good. It is the cheapest place to eat in the cosmo so that probably why people rate it so high. It is worth checking out or bringing people that have never seen it before but for repeat business it's just not my style.
4	Classic NY pizza. Great crust. Hard to find, but worth it!  Second floor of Cosmopolitan on The Strip.
4	It's like treasure hunting but for pizza.  Pretty cool layout, makes me feel like I'm in a pizza parlor somewhere in NY.  The pizza is pretty good.  Probably the closest thing to NY style pizza in Vegas.
5	My boyfriend took me here on a day off and what I love about it is the simplicity.  Just some guys making pizza that is hot, fresh, and amazing.  The white pizza is what I go for.  I went that one day and the rest of week, went back 4 more times.  I got fat that week off of white pizza.  Now when I go to a pizza place and they have dessert I am usually not inclined to order.  For one, I make desserts, and two, I just don't want to be disappointed. Well, my cheesecake wasn't a little sliver, it was a wedge of dense creamy goodness.  So much so my man and I kept trying to figure out what kind of citrus was in it.  It was so subtle.  The cannoli, perfect.  Light cannoli wafer, perfect cream, chcolate, pistachios, and bits of dried fruit.  And now I want white pizza!
4	I learned about this place from a concierge at a hotel we were staying at.  It's a hidden pizza place in the Cosmopolitan.  My boyfriend and I looked for it when we were out one morning, but it was to early.  We actually found it but weren't positive.The next day I was out shopping with my mom and was starving.  We popped in, had pizza and left.  It's a cheapish (for Las Vegas) greasy treat.
4	The not-so-secret Secret Pizza is a perfect place to grab a slice or two for lunch or late night. The lines can get long, so beware. This place is really effing good NY style pizza and it's located at the end of a hallway on the third floor near the pool tables. I've tried a variety of different topping slices here and each have been great.Are you and your friends planning on getting four or more slices? I'd recommend ordering a whole pizza instead since it'll work out to be about the same price. I think our pepperoni and sausage pie was $24. Not bad really. You can play some pinball and other arcade games as you wait. Out of quarters? The people watching here is great too!
4	Review #700!  I love NYC pizza with a deep, lustful passion.  It plagues my dreams, calls out to me through windows with its seductive aroma, and makes me yearn for the next cheesy slice.  Secret Pizza is a place in Las Vegas that serves it.  My friend Grace C. went last year when Cella R. told her about it.  Ever since then, I've been plotting my return to Vegas and partaking in this secretive pizza joint.  My fellow elite Yelpers and I made our way over to the Cosmopolitan after a YEE at the Cathouse and ordered 2 pizzas ($50 total): one white pizza and one half pepporoni/ half sausage & mushroom.  It came out to about $5 per person.  Secret Pizza is located up on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan food court next to the sushi restaurant down an unmarked hallway.  There are white tiles and picture frames welcoming you into this unremarkable looking pizza place.  We ordered our pizzas around midnight and got them about 30 minutes after.  It seemed like forever to a slightly inebriated and starving person such as myself.  I was hungry and watching others get their slices before I did, was excruciatingly painful.  Drew M. started to play Donkey Kong while waiting.  Watching his arcade game progression only made me hungrier.  Where was this pizza anyway?!  Why didn't I just order a damn slice?!  Oh wait, there it is.  We brought it outside to the sofas & coffee table.  We dug in.  Silence.  Everyone is chewing and gulping their pizza in a very methodical fashion.  Delicious garlicky white pizza with greasy pepperoni pizza.  I was in heaven.  Was it the best pizza I've ever had?  No, nothing compares to real NYC pizza in NYC, but it comes close.  Too bad the crust wasn't as crispy as I would have liked but the flavor of the white pizza still makes me drool as I write this.  Pizza is the perfect food in the wee hours of the morning when all you want is carbs.  Thanks for making my pizza dreams come true, if only for the night!
5	I found it!  Best/worst idea ever was using my friends review for help, even though he gave an important clue, I was sent to the wrong floor, doh! I ordered the white cheese pizza slice, and my  wife ordered the mushroom slice.  Delicious cheese with feta and garlic that melted in my mouth on every bite.  The mushrooms on my wife's slice were very fresh; she added red pepper and parmesan cheese to complete her pizza bliss.  Pizza is thin and pretty decent size; with the cost of 5 dollars a slice or 25 for a whole pie(16 slices), this eatery is a broke drunkards dream.  We will definitely  be back for a whole pie to take on the road home, or have for dinner if we lost our butt at the tables.  If you're in the Cosmopolitan casino leave there and go to the mall area.  From there go to the third floor and find a pool table.  You should see a hallway with vintage albums as wall art.  Follow it down, order and enjoy your victorious slice!
5	Simply put the best Pizza in Las Vegas full stop!
2	The best pizza in town!  used to be--what happened????
5	Secret pizza is the shit. Sober or drunk, it's worth the wait and the ridiculous conversations and interactions from all the sloppy mcsloppersons standing in line for a slice makes it quite entertaining as well. I liked the pepperoni, but I loved the white pizza with ricotta, mushrooms (?) and pepperoni! Just get a whole pizza for your group instead of ordering individual slices, because they're like the Pringles of the pizza world, once you pop you can't stop.
5	only good za in LV! even locals need to tey it out
4	Secret Pizza is really a  hidden secret to find. It's on the 3rd floor of Cosmopolitan, inside the alley next to Blue Ribbon Sushi.  I came here with a bunch of crazy fun Yelp Elites to fill our tummies (& mostly to sober) after our crazy night at the Cat House!  We ordered a white pizza and a 1/2mushroom&sausage and 1/2 pepperoni pizza. I gotta say, I prefer the white pizza better. For some reason, the white pizza had a lot more flavors than the sausage. Maybe the meat was too over powering for the thin crust. The ricotta on the white pizza was so smooth and "FATTY". When we held the pizza vertically, the fat was literally dripping!The dough was too chewy for my taste. It was a little bite rubbery, which I don't think it's suppose to be like that for a true NY style pizza. The wait for the pizza was also way too long. We wait around 30 minutes for the pizza..... which is way too long to wait for any food. Come try when you're in Vegas, but I'm sure you can find a pizza place like this in CA!  CA has EVERYTHING!
5	Oh Secret Pizza Place.You had me going on a crazy chase.A crazy chase of a New York slice.A slice of white and regular cheese will do me nice!No need for toppings. Does me good plain.Fully satisfies my drunken cravings. Can I complain?Nay! You serve IPA! The staff is friendly.Maybe on my next drunken adventure I'll write you a medley!(I thank you. Bows.)
4	After 700+ reviews in a year and a half of being here, is it really fair to call this "Secret" Pizza?Okay okay, maybe the moniker is because the place is unmarked, tucked away down a hallway next to a sushi joint, and you really will miss it unless you're looking for it. But it's still the worst-kept secret in the Cosmopolitan.It's thin-crust (but NOT crispy) pizza and for slices, you're limited to handful of choices - cheese, pepperoni, and white pizza. You have more flexibility for toppings if you order a whole pie, but beware the wait. It took us upwards of 35-40 minutes for two pizzas, and save for a half-and-half topping on one of them, we didn't really order anything complicated. I was, however, extremely grateful for the FREE WATER!The white pizza is the standout here. So much garlic and olive oil that it will leave your paper plate soaked. It was a little on the soggy side because of all of the oil, but at 2am, it's exactly what the doctor ordered. If you're wearing insane heels and you've just finished a night of going big at one of the clubs, you will want to sit on the couches outside of the place to relax and eat.There is also a Donkey Kong arcade game inside the place. It's a great way to pass the time, but beware the Kong. It will suck you in, beat you down, frustrate you, tease you, and leave you with a hole in your heart. Have fun.
4	This place is REALLY secret because I couldn't find it for the life of me until I saw a guy walk out with some pizza.I was with a big group of people and Trina D recommended this place. So we went... with over 700 reviews... Secret? It's just hard to find :DPIZZAS:This is greasy stuff but also DELICIOUS.Two whole pizzas - $50 (one white pizza and one half mushroom/half pepperoni). Sooooo good! I loved the white pizza because of the flavors. The mushroom was also addicting tho. It was just really good!SIZE: No room to sit but they did have video games. Fun stuff. Donkey Kong. But you sit in their waiting areaWhy 4 stars?The WAIT was killer. It took close to an hour to be done and we had hungry drunks and people sobering up. I was fine. I was just hungry :POverall... good stuff. :D
5	How me and my girl friends drunkenly made our way to this place after all those shots of tequila at Marquee, I honestly have no recollection, but i vaguely remember a long corridor and a longish line of club goers patiently waiting for one thing - the greasy, deliciousness that is Secret Pizza.  I also don't recall what we ordered and how we ordered exactly, but we ended up with a large pie, half mushroom and half pepperoni with extra tomato sauce after flirting with the guy working the sauce station.  After about 15 minutes of waiting (it might have been shorter.  time always seems to go by slower with alcohol) we received our amazing NY style thin crust pizza, which we devoured in under 5 minutes.  Such simple toppings, but it was definitely the best NY style pizza I've ever had, even better than some that I had in New York.  A greasy must-have to sop up all that liquor you just filled up your body with.
3	This pizza is good if you are not from the East Coast or NY. My wife and I were here this past week on vacation and the we read rave reviews about this place. To its credit the ingredients were fresh "veggies" and the anchovies were tasty just the sauce and cheese did not stand out. All I can say it is good if you want pizza and maybe great for Vegas, we didn't search for other options based on yelp reviews.
5	A must go to spot if you're looking for some good pizza on the strip.  The atmosphere is half the fun, and of course the pizza itself is great.  Granted depending on when you get there and what pies they have made, you may not get the 'ideal' toppings you want at the time, but no matter what you choose it seems to hit the spot.  If your ambitious enough to order an entire pie and take it back to your room, you'll notice all the people looking at you salivating cuz its just that good.
4	Grabbed a pizza here before we went clubbing at marquee when we stayed at the cosmopolitan. The pizza was a little pricey but being in the cosmopolitan it wasn't too bad for a whole pizza at $32 in my opinion, especially since it was pretty big and had I think 5 toppings on itThe pizza tasted great and all the toppings mixed well and it had a lot of cheese which was nice as I hate it when my pizza doesn't have enough cheese. My only complaint is that the pizza is thin crust here and I am not a very big fan of thin crust pizza. But I was still very happy with it as it tasted great, hit the spot, and put a little something in my belly before a night of drinking and raging at marquee
4	What a cool concept! My cousin said that this place is a word of mouth joint where there is no name and the boxes are unmarked. It's hidden in a hallway!There is a long wait for a freshly made pizza and there isn't a huge selection of toppings but it was yummy. It was about $25 for a pizza.
5	Order a fresh meatball ricotta pizza, and then thank me for changing your life in a positive way.
4	Tasted delicious at 4AM after coming out of Marquee! The line was ridiculously long though, so not sure if it's also like that during the day time... It was also pretty pricey for a slice, but it was the closest place for late night munchies so I would go back again.
4	I love this place because it's on the top floor and you can easily grab a quick bite after marquee! The pizza comes out super hot and the service is friendly. Line is always super long.A slice is about $5. I really need to try this place when I'm not intoxicated and see if it's still just as good!
4	The reason i give this place a 4 star is due to the slightly dirty table/counter area.  The pizza was super yummy and decent size for the price and location.  The line was pretty long but was worth the wait.  Simple Pizza place located in a fancy casino, serving  Yummy Pizza.
4	Greasy, delicious, and ideal for a drunchie fix or that moment when your hangover finally passes and you are ready to chow down NOW. My group and I went during the middle of the day with hardly no line at all. Slices were large and relatively inexpensive ($5/slice). I ordered the white cheese and it rivaled many white cheese pizzas I've had in the past. Since it wasn't very busy when I went, we were able to grab a seat. However, be warned if you are traveling with a group or are there at a busy time that there is very limited seating. It is located on the second floor of the Cosmo, and like others said, relatively hidden. There are no signs to guide you, but if you look for a dark hallway next to the elevator, you'll be fine. What's a few minutes of searching when some seriously tasty pizza is the prize?
4	I thought my girl was crazy for insisting we stop here after a great meal at Comme Ca, but I obliged. We shared a slice of the white pizza. It was great, perfect crust and very tasty.
4	This was my second trip to Secret Pizza. I came here before the hotel officially opened and again last night. I wasn't totally impressed the first time I tried them, but figured I'd give them the benefit of the doubt until I tried them under normal circumstances. We came here after dinner at Comme Ca. We weren't incredibly hungry after a gluttonous meal and a whole bottle of wine, but I was intent on trying the pizza again after so long. I never go to Cosmo very often, so figured I'd take advantage. We ordered a slice of white pizza to share and some beer. Feeling tipsy, this pizza really hit the spot. We both enjoyed the flavors, although it was a little dry for my taste. I usually really enjoy pizza crust but I skipped eating this one because it wasn't as flavorful as I would have liked.I'd say they are a 3 1/2 star rounded up to 4 just for being great after partying tipsy food.
4	Should be called the not-so-secret Secret Pizza by now.  Because the line is.... out the door, at least when we went, it was like past 1AM and we stood in that long line because we were so determined to get this pizza.  In a sleep-deprived, just-got-back-from-who-knows-where state, I ate what seemed like a pretty better than expected pizza.  AND we got a whole pie, because if we're gonna stand in a line and wait for more than 1 hour, we better get a whole pie, forget a freekin' slice.  Actually, the slice of pizza tasted way better the morning after.  Cold.  Right out of the pizza box in the hotel room.
4	This place is amazing. I don't know what makes the pizza so tasty, but it is undeniably so. It's quite pricey, though, for pizza, but at least worth a try. It's not too bad if you get a whole pie but individual slices are borderline not worth it. The white pizza is really good if you're a cheese lover like myself. I also had a pepperoni which was delicious. Hard to mess that one up, though. This place is pretty much out of sight. I actually passed right by it while looking for it and had to ask someone. I'll definitely be back.
5	For months I have wanted to sample the pizza inside the not so secret back room at The Cosmopolitan, but just never got around to it before now.  But once Tropfest ended, the planets finally aligned, and Diane and I quickly left the Boulevard Pool via escalator and easily found our way to this highly touted haven of late-night pizza at last.  The line to order was fairly long even after 1:00 a.m. on a Monday.    And, I quickly learned that if pizza slices rather than a full pie are sought, what you are able to get totally depends on what comes out of the pizza ovens just before one's order is placed.  But luck was with us on this visit, for we were able to buy fresh hot slices of pepperoni, sausage, and cheese pizza, plus commandeer two adjoining seats at the counter to be able to eat while sitting down.  Although I might have preferred slices of pepperoni & mushroom pizza, no such combination was available when I reached the head of the line.  But getting to try three out of four flavors is pretty good!I was really pleased with this pizza.  My expectations were high going in, but they were exceeded.  The crust was nice and buttery, with no char on the bottom.  While the wide slices were relatively thin, they were not noticeably so, and the nicely finished crust was chewy, resilient, and foldable.  All slices were just saucy enough, and really cheesy and tasty.  Pepperoni was lightly spicy, and sausage was very mild, just as pizza maker Luigi had indicated when I asked him on my way through the line.  A small amount of grease was present, but to me that was a good thing for this New York style pizza.  Even though they had come out of the oven just a few minutes before I reached the cash register, each slice was given a little more fire before they were handed to me.  So they were hot and gooey, and a true treat to consume whether drunk or sober.  For, I loved this pizza, and unlike many other guests, had only water to drink all night.  In fact, the Secret Pizza establishment graciously offers free cold water out of a dispenser, with plastic cups and utensils provided as well.  Besides probably being the cheapest meal available inside a Strip hotel, IMHO the Secret Pizza likely serves the best pizza on The Strip, and is neck and neck with Biaggio's and Metro Pizza, and just a shade behind Dom DeMarco's, for the best pizza served in the entire Las Vegas valley.  Next time I will be ordering a whole pie!
1	So finally came here to try it out for myself. This place is hyped for NOTHING. I guess people don't really know how REAL NYC pizza taste like. SO SAD!! This pizza was horrible. Got a pepperoni slice & regular slice. It was fresh out of the oven. There was only 2 people in front of me and 3 people in back. The pizza was overly salty and there was this one super strong tasting herb that didn't taste so good. The cheese was not oozying, but the pizza was mad oily and it was not crispy but soft. Only the crust was crispy because it was burnt.I will go to Enzo at Venetian. Asked many of my friends from NYC and they rather have Enzo pizza too.
4	2012 review #158:A lot of people have mentioned that "Secret Pizza" is not really a secret. Well, I just want to point out that "Secret Pizza" is not actually the name of this restaurant. When we were there someone asked them what their name was and they simply said "there is no name." Now, Matrix references aside, I'm sure they have a name on their license to run a restaurant, but for all intents and purposes, there's no name. Basically, go to third floor and walk straight forward toward a hallway lined with record covers and you'll see a pinball machine. There's "Secret Pizza." When we were there they had a white pie, a margarita with roasted tomatoes, and a sausage and pepporincini. It was hard to tell if they still offered toppings on plain cheese slices, but we ended up going with the margarita and sausage. The prices were not as cheap as some of the business photos imply; most slices are around $5. That's not cheap normally, but for Vegas, it certainly is. The pizza worried me a bit because it had been sitting there for an indeterminate amount of time. Boy was I wrong. The crust was pretty much perfect. Toppings and cheese and everything ratio was great. The sausage and pepporincini is very spicy, I think because they let the juice from the peppers stay on the pizza and soak in as it bakes. There are just a few seats and some counter space. They have soda, self-serve water, and beer, but $5 for a PBR is pretty ridiculous. They have a multi-game machine in a Galaga cabinet so if you want to channel your inner George Costanza, like me, and play some Frogger, you can go for it. I can see why this place gets packed after the clubs let out; if you don't want to wait 45 minutes for pizza, come during the day, when there's no line at all. Worth a stop at least once.
5	Came here again and ordered a whole pie to take up to the balcony this time. Not sure if it was because it was fresh or just slower but the mushroom pepperoni was so friggin good. Maybe it was the fake champagne bottle of sailor jerry n coke i was carrying around and getting plastered off or if they just made it way better. It made for great leftovers when we got back that night so it must have that the pizza was that good. Best pizza in Vegas.
4	5 stars if you order a whole pizza pie (average $25)3 stars if you grab one of their ready-made slices ($5-$6)
4	Life saver!  Tasty pizza and well priced.  One of the many perks of staying at The Cosmopolitan.  I don't think our group would have made it through the weekend without them!
5	this place is so good. By accident, I stubmled upon this joint in the corner of the Cosmopolitian two years ago. (so hard to find). It's only worth it to buy the whole pie. (slices are too expensive).I order a pepperoni mushroom sausage pie, take it up to the pool. lounge on one of those seats near the 8-tv screen area and watch football. life doesn't get much better than that. its NY style pizza. The cheese is soo gooey, the toppings are plentiful. not much to complain about this joint.
5	Great for an after clubbing experience.My group and I had gotten back to our room early at Elara after clubbing, and we all realized that we were down for some food... Where to go? SECRET PIZZA!!!So we hopped over to the Cosmopolitan and searched for the hole in the wall.. it's not on the directory, so you gotta know where you're looking. Just ask any drunkards walking around with slices of pizza.Anyway, we found it no problem, not a newb, but HELL... this is the first time I waited in a long line for it.  Oh and you gotta have some skills blocking people off because there are mad line cutters.  I was able to stop on chick and her friends when i realized she thought we were drunk and could slip by us with "our friends are up ahead". Gotcha. Although she was cool and joined us later at blocking off the other douchebags that tried to get through. Some blocked, some got through.. gotta choose your battles.oh yeah, the food.. bomb.... make sure you sprinkle parm cheese, red pepper flakes, or that green herbstuff(dried parsley flakes?) onto your pizza for extra an special zazz.
4	Nice hidden gem inside The Cosmopolitan.Choose your slice from what they have available at the time you get to the front or order a whole one and customize it just the way you want.I prefer to have my slice quickly heated before I get it - it crisps up the crust just enough so the toppings don't flop when I pick up the entire slice.If you're debating on a place to get a quick bite to eat and you end up in front of China Poblano or Holsteins' on the 2nd floor, just keep heading up one more floor and you won't be sorry - unless of course you end up going at the same time as all the hung-over Marquee club goers. If the line isn't in the hallway, then you're good! GO FOR IT!!!
4	I checked this place out during Yelp Spring Break and bought a pie for some out-of-town Yelpers.The place has an old NY style charm, with intricate details on the ceilings, walls and corners. The vintage pinball machines are great additions and add so much to the atmosphere.As for the pizza, if you order a pie it comes out HOT HOT HOT! So hot it was hard to eat, but I tried my best! I believe we ordered half ricotta (?) / half pepperoni. I am a big fan of soft cheeses and this one here was quite delicious.
2	I am mystified by the glowing reviews for this place.  So-so, overpriced pizza that is no secret at all.  Just because no one named this place doesn't make it a secret.
4	I'm going solely off slice standards here. Fast (if you're just buying by the slice, not if you're ordering a whole pie), decently priced (for Vegas standards) and pretty tasty.Go with the white slice.  I thought it was white sauce (cream) but it was actually no red sauce, cheese, ricotta. Pretty good. I liked being able to add stuff to it (additional 50 cents per topping) but I wish they had some bacon. Better than the traditional pepperoni w/ red sauce that's for sure. And yea, it's thin crust and ultra greasy. If you're going to complain about grease, don't bother eating pizza. Do the world a favor and eat a damn salad with no dressing okay? I don't get why people order an entire pie and then whine and moan that it takes up to an hour. IT'S A FREAKING ENTIRE PIZZA IT'S NOT GOING TO BE READY IN 5 MINUTES PEOPLE. USE YOUR BRAIN.
3	I wonder why the pizza in Vegas is so expensive.  You don't even get your money's worth because it's thin and the quality is not even that great.My friends and I went looking for this place because we heard about it through a friend.  We had to ask for help to find this place...no wonder we couldn't find it.  There's no name posted outside and you have to go through a long hallway.  The line can get pretty long, so the wait of course is long, and you have to wait even longer (30-40 min) until your pizza is ready.  Whole pizzas are nearly 30 bucks.  What a rip.  Since it was pricey, I was expecting good pizza or like the best.  During our wait, my friend and I got water from the water dispenser.  That thing is so slow.  Someone needs to adjust the nozzle.  Just to fill a cup, you have to wait about a minute...how ridiculous is that!My friends and I ordered a pizza with sausage, dried tomatoes, and cheese.  We hung out outside for a long while...Finally, when our pizza was done, we ate it and wasn't amazed.  It was at least fulfilling to our appetite.  We ate it at the couches and was approached by a promoter who had just moved to Vegas from London.  Nice fellow...  He's never been to this pizza place before so we gave him a slice to try.  We even gave a slice to our taxi driver when we made our way out.  Maybe they'll decide to drop by this place sometime.If you don't mind waiting, why not try this place out at least once...
5	YUM!!! Other than having to wait a long time, the pizza is def worth the wait.  Its not too expensive, around $25 for one whole pizza.  Love it!
4	$5 for a slice of white pizza but it was a generous slice.  I did get lost trying to look for Secret Pizza, guess if it was easier to find, it wouldn't be such a secret.  Third floor, literally through an alley way.  Yummy cheesy garlicky pizza.  I think half the appeal is looking for it.
4	Awesome drunk food after a night at Marquee!!!  Super busy but worth wait!!
4	Definite recommend for a late night snack when nothing but pizza will do. The pizza was Hot and Good.
5	Finally found this place i can't believe i missed it the last time i was here glad i found it i was hungry. This place is a hidden gem in the Cosmopolitan for the ones who want to spend less on food. The staff was awesome and friendly and the pizza is greasy and good the flavoring and spices are just right. One of the guys mentioned that the line sometimes goes out the door after walking down the hall to this place i'm like if you are hungry that will be a good amount of wait time for a pizza so plan accordingly i'd probably say your best bet is early lunch time or late night. I will def be back for pizza here again.
4	It would be 5 stars but I've had times where I waited 30 minutes and still couldn't get a pizza as the line was just waaaayy too long. Great place though.
2	Overrated, at best. I was sober when I ate their pizza, so perhaps this influenced my perception of it. Unlike most of their patrons, I wasn't famished and drunk. The pizza was really greasy and didn't have that much flavor. Some of the crust was good, but it was really similar to Sbarro at the mall. It is fine if you want to eat for $5, but I wouldn't make any special trips to this place.
4	Secret pizza has been snitched to many OBVIOUSLY! And good lord I'm  happy to find this "secret" foodery. It's good sober or Vegas happy aka drunk/buzzed/high whatever food. It's not overly tomato saucy, the cheese was had great flavor and the pepperoni was meaty and fresh and let's not forget the crust....mmmmmm so good til nothing is left in your hands as you chow down on a slice.  Each whole pizza ordered is specifically made for you in 45 minutes to the Tee and it was worth every minute not including the line to wait and order but still worth trying the secret hype.Yes, it's not a secret but you'll still need to ask where to find this spot because you won't find it since they didn't put a name to this place hoping it was kept a secret exclusively to YELPERS. Hahahahahaa...Jk! Great hidden sinister gem in sin city...MUST bookmark.
3	If you don't know, just ask anyone and they'll be less than happy to show you the entrance. This place is jammed packed with a line to the front of the long hall around the middle of the night when people are tired of Marquee. Expect slutty dresses, stinky feets, and people who can't stand straight and jibberish talkers. However, if you're like me and also one of these club go-ers, then it's just a hot spot for a late night snack before heading back to the room. :)Pizza can be sold by the slice or as a whole. By slice is about $4 and is comparable to the size of Costco's pizza. They have a higher end quality in toppings than Pizza Hut and Domino's. The lines may be long but usually it moves fast, unless of course you got someone in front of you whose so drunk she can't tell she's at a pizza place. But what are the chances of that happening, right? Haha. Considering the prices of nearby food places, especially in the Cosmopolitan, Secret Pizza is the cheaper choice. But, there's still some of us who prefer the late night steak and eggs special in other various Vegas locations!
5	When I went during the week, there were no lines but just great pizza to had! The staff was friendly and fast. I got the "white" pizza and regular pepperoni. The pizza is flavorful with thin crust. It's not that hard to find at the Cosmo as you see everyone with pizza outside the place and you smell it! If you haven't tried it, please do! There is limited seating inside but there are chairs outside of the place. Me and my friend got 3 slices and two cokes, that came out to $22...it's Vegas! ;-)
5	Hard to find so ask around..the secret is that it is hidden w/out signs to point you in the right direction so do ask..worth the time.
4	"Excuse me...where did you get that pizza?" I probably heard this 5-10 times while eating in the common area by the pool table. IT'S A SECRET, MUHFUGGA!!! I kid.There is a line that doesn't look too bad, but it is deceiving! A tip is to call in before and pick up your pizza to save time. In Vegas, time is money, so save your money!The pizza is good! They offer a red or white (cost a bit more) sauce and it's all thin crust. You can buy by the slice (which also saves time) or you can get a full pizza which is the better deal if you have a lot of hungry people. They are literally 3-5 stools in the restaurant only because there's just enough room for people to stand around to wait for their order. You can grab a stool to sit if you have few people or just prepare to bring it back to your room. Orrr you can sit in the common area/lobby and be asked where you got the pizza from.
4	it was goooooooood! after months of my friends taunting me that this was the best pizza ever! i finally ventured my way over with a few friends. we came around 3am beating out most of the marquee club goers but not early enough because we still had to wait over an hour (mind you we order a whole pizza).the good: they do not skimp on the toppings!! they pile it on! it's about 4.50 a slice and a whole pizza will yield about 8 large slices (with 5 toppings $27-30 bucks)the ugly: omg shit was greasy!! and since the crust was so thin ( which is a plus) with so much toppings weighing it down it was just flopping everywhere.the bad: man im pretty sure i just consumed over 1,000 calories in just one sitting! but of course when you're drunk u dont give a issssh but unfortunately after waiting over an hour my buzzed went away and i was left stuffed and filled with guilt!overall: pretty damn good pizza just be sure to be buzz and be with good company so that the wait doesnt seem so bad!
5	Bro. After a long night of dancing, this is one of the best things you'll find around Marquee N.C.My friend (who lives in Vegas) took me here after a long night... and BOY WAS I GLAD that I found this "secret pizza" joint.IT's SOOooOOo funny that there isn't a name for this place though...People were asking us "where'd you get that!?"And I'm just like..... "It's a SECRET MAN!" hahahah I'm jp.If you're a rookie at vegas... U ain't gonna find it. It's straight up new york style pizza and my buddy that was from New York (or they pronounce it 'new yark') said it taste just like it.Mannnnn. seriously... just try it out (especially after  Marquee). Pepperoni, cheese, w/e you want. They got it and it's bomb. It's not even expensive... ESPECIALLY since it's in cosmo. WIN-WIN sonnnnnnnnnn!!!!!!It tastes like 4 star. But the convenience gives it +1.
4	$5 a slice but its yummy! locate next to the sushi place on the third floor
5	Super tasty!  I got the white slice, and it hit the spot.  There's not much seating inside, but right outside is a little area with a pool table and nice furniture to sit on.  Soda is crazy expensive for a little pizza joint, but they have free water, and the wine comes in a giant cup :)
1	This place is nothing special.  For $4.50 for a slice of average cheese pizza, it is very expensive.  I would not bother to go back.
3	Main attraction to Cosmopolitan's "secret pizza" is the fact that it may or may not be an insider only type of place.  For those that know, it is a good place to get a fast couple slices of pie, or even a whole pie if your wallet can still muster it.  Got a house special sausage slice, a pepperoni, pepperoncinni and extra cheese red sauce slice, a slice of white pie with ricotta, sun dried tomatoes, garlic and artichoke hearts and the last slice I got was whatever they had readily available, do not remember exactly what it was.  Good pie, NYC style but not the best in the world, had better in LA for that matter.  and yes I said better in LA, we do have good pizza if you out of towners care to look around for it.  For truely epic pizza, try either D.O.G.C. which is also inside Cosmo or Grimaldi's in Henderson for that true, down home Brooklyn Pie.
3	Good pizza. Ok staff. Hard to find. Very expensive for what it is. just go when you are drunk and want something to munch on.
5	BOMB.com right here!  When you find it that is...Follow the chandelier up and then take the escalator up one level from Marquee.  Then follow your nose to the scent of PIZZA!!!!!!  (look for the hallway of vinyl)F that! I never get just a slice here, I always buy a pie, a whole one at that!  That way you can get half red sauce and half white!  Add your appropriate toppings and voila!  Dine inside or grab a seat by the pool table outside and watch all these people looking at you eating your huge slices!  The pizza here is really good and I actually favor the white.HOLLA!
3	There's not much to be said about the pizza here except that it is comparatively cheap, quick, and is no frills. Whether you're tired of overpaying for things on the strip or want to get late night grub without a reservation, this is your place. Free water and condiments, and you get to tease everyone at the Cosmopolitan with your cheap yet filling pizza. Can't go wrong.
5	Oh secret pizza place, you never fail me!Coming out to the Cosmo to hang with out-of-towners for a bit and managed to find my way back to secret pizza. Ordered 2 Pepperoni, sausage and mushroom pies and then got the names of all the workers. Such nice people who probably get annoyed of the drunken me. :)Can't wait to go back!
3	Decent pizza...good for the price.  Great drunk food and it stays open till late.  Went there around dinnertime and they said it would take over an hour to order a full pizza.  Lots of hype but definitely overrated
5	We came here to try this awesome pizza. First off it is hard to find but worth the map travel to find. I do like its hidden. It makes very original. We had the white pizza which was superb!!
4	Not-so-secret Secret Pizza, you guys must be making a killing with the drunkards willing to hand over $5 a slice.  I admit that I was one of them, except I wasn't drunk, although I wish I was because at least I could blame bad eating decisions on that.  At any rate, the line may seem long but it moves pretty fast. I wouldn't say it's exactly like NYC pizza but it comes pretty close.  We tried a slice of the pepperoni and the white pizza.  After a few bites of the white pizza the ricotta and mozzarella became cheese overload for me.  Definitely go with the pepperoni as a no fail choice.  What I'm wondering though is....why no pineapple?  Is it really so sacrilegious to have such deliciousness off a slice of pizza? Inquiring appetites would like to know.
4	On the third floor next to the elevator, there is a hallway that leads to this place. There are no signs nothing to indicate this is a pizza place. But once you find it, order any pizza and you'll be glad you did. It's super good for the price and it's kinda comparable to NY pizza but not quite.
4	Late night munchies!After a long night of clubbing at marquee,  my friends and I  decided to stop by here for some late night eats. Its located on the third floor of Cosmopolitan and when you seem a long alley and you see a bunch of people In line..you know you are in the right spot. On the third floor there are pool tables and lounging chairs too so you can lounge around and enjoy your pizza. My friend and i shared the white pizza, which was AMAZING and delicious. We also shared a sausage pizza with green peppers and pepper jack cheese. That was amazing as well. I devoured the pizza and probably burnt the roof of my mouth since I ate it so fast while it was hot, but it was well worth it. The pizza is very much worth the hype and you should check it out if you're in Vegas!
4	It's actually pretty easy to find, when you see the photos on the Internet and walk around the third floor of Cosmo. The place definitely has a buzz, because it is secret, because it caters to late night party goers, because everyone is excited to see what comes out of the oven. It's a pick a slice of whatever comes out fresh at the moment.It's thin crust pizza with your regular cheese, pepperoni, veggie, sausage, etc options. It's a bit pricey with $11 or so for 2 slices. Though, it's fun to be in on a secret. Plus, there is a such an interesting variety of seating choices outside. There is a pool, couches, tables from various other restaurants. It's fun to pick a place to sit.
4	It was pretty hard to find just have to ask around hahaLine was pretty long but it moved reasonable fastOnly disappointment was no ranch:/ ha
5	Secret Pizza is one of those establishments that really needs no introduction. At first glance, it is quiet, discrete, and no frills. Yet when you dig deeper and get to know its personality you find something so much more. I am a firm believer that every establishment has room for improvement. However, when I think about it long and hard Secret Pizza really epitomizes all I would want or come to expect of a pizza establishment. I almost dare say that it was the best pizza I have ever had. Nestled in the Cosmopolitan, you would think it would be flashy and glitzy. Rather, it defies that convention and it sits in a nondescript hallway that you would easily bypass. Not that I am saying you should go down every service hallway at the Cosmopolitan, I'm just saying taking the Star Trek like elevator to the third floor above the Chandelier Bar and walk down the nondescript hallway till you find Secret Pizza. Note, the hallway has photos on it to give you some direction.Once there, you will be greeted by the beautiful smell of pizza. While slices are available in the showcase, full pizza's are available as well. I'd probably call ahead if that is the case just to avoid having to wait. Since we didn't know any better, we settled on a simple pepperoni pizza. However as we waited to order, the guy working the counter clearly could tell we wanted a white pizza as well and mentioned that we could have a half pepperoni/half white pizza and it came out to be one of the best decisions we made in Vegas. The pepperoni was really good, but the white pizza was much better. Both offered really great flavors that melded in a perfect harmony that would make angels sing. The pepperoni has just the right amount of salt and spice to counteract the fat and sweetness of the mozzarella. While at the same time the white pizza was an amazingly good blend of ricotta and mozzarella cheese. Both on a thin crust that was easy to work with, yet not being very greasy at all. Service was good with the staff clearly not only knowing their menu but also clearly having skill when it comes to making their pies. They keep the line moving at a carefully timed rate as if it were a well-made machine.Definitely a great place to grab a bite, while they may not have seating grab a glass of wine or beer with the pie and head on out to the main areas. It is definitely one bite you do not want to miss.
4	Awesome pizza and great staff! I loved this place, the only drawback is it's hard to find in the hotel... which is i guess the point... and the seating is very limited. Otherwise a great little find for the strip!!
4	I had to go there twice because they didn't have anymore of the white pizza. I had the Cheese, White Pizza and Cheese with pepperoni and sausage. All three were really good.  I would have to say the white was my least favorite. The price I didn't care for but it is Vegas and even chains like Starbucks and Coffee Bean jack up their prices so why not for pizza. Over all I would go here again if near by.
3	Overrated! I am led to believe that most reviews here were written by those who did not have a 100% sober experience of the pizza (since it seems that this place is frequented by post-clubbers of Marquee). I would probably agree if I were in their shoes as well.We swung by for a quick bite early Saturday afternoon before hitting up the casino. The place is not easy to find! We had to consult yelp photos to get an idea of where it's hidden. The place is really small, with very few seats. We noticed that most people take their pizza to-go and sit out in the open areas of Cosmo to eat.Slices are expensive ~$5! The toppings are really limited (usually 1-2) by which types of pizzas they have out at the moment. The line moves relatively quickly, but the pizza is fairly cold by the time you get it since it has just been sitting out. They are pretty hefty in size -- just 1 slice can be filling. I was pleased that the crust and dough throughout were not soggy at all, even if it was thin. Otherwise, the pizza tasted pretty average and most definitely overpriced.
4	I most loved the laid back atmosphere and friendly staff. It was fun trying to find the "restaurant" (not that hard, actually -- if you're coming from the pedestrian walkway, just take the escalator to the third floor and walk to the little hallway in front of you).The pizza itself is $5 a slice, but one slice was sufficient for me. There is seating down the hallway from the pizza shop. I was there on a Wed for lunch, so there was no line. All in all a good, casual lunch.By the way, I snagged a cannoli to try it out, and they definitely add some kind of orange flavor to it. I'm more of a traditionalist when it comes to my cannoli, apparently, so I wasn't over the moon, but It did have nice texture!
4	Reminiscent of that all too illusive to describe NY style pizza - thin and just ever so slightly crispy crust, that crackles when you fold it in half.  They use great quality cheese and tomato sauce and you can get whatever toppings you'd like.  Order by the slice to expedite the order.  Not cheap, but then nothing is in Las Vegas.  Oh yes, blot out a little oil on top with a napkin, the best tasting pizza somehow always have a little more oil on the surface than my stomach can handle. My favorite feature of this place is that it is open till 4am on weekdays and 5 am on the weekends!
2	This place is definitely overrated. In terms of Vegas currency, yes $5 a slice is "cheap", but I don't think they quality of pizza they serve is worth it at all.  They even try to trick people into thinking they are snagging a great deal if they buy an entire pizza, which is $30 for 3 toppings. I ate here twice, once when I was pretty drunk and once when I was sober, and it tasted the same both times I came--slightly burnt and overwhelmingly greasy.The long line is due to the slow pace of the pizza makers and cashier, not because of popularity of this hard-to-find pizza joint.
4	Having read about Secret Pizza in a few blogs, I was interested in trying it.  We were staggering around the strip in 115 degree heat, shopping and looking for a place to eat.  We hadn't seen anything that appealed in Planet Hollywood.  I suggested we step into the Cosmopolitan to see what we could find.  All the restaurants here were more upscale than we were looking for.  We were just about to give up, when I noticed a hall way lined with album covers, and remembered reading about a hidden pizza joint, so I headed down the hall.  Her Majesty thought I was headed to the restroom again.  At the end of the hall you are greeted by a small, brightly lit space lined with white subway tiles. There is a menu board on the wall.  Pizza by the slice, or by the whole pie, sounds like lunch to me!The pizza is NY style; thin and floppy with a puffy edge.  Very tasty, and reasonably priced considering it's Las Vegas.
5	Amazing, authentic and fun!  Great job we will be back!!!!!  It's definitely NY pizza... If you have never had a NY Za and are used to vegas pizza places then you might not get it.  The crust is perfect and so is everything about the toppings and the little white tiled place. Defiantly worth the drive and the money.
5	Spent 30 minutes walking around the area trying to figure it out. Turns out it's a really super secret place. Look for a random hallway that leads to a pinball machine.Delicious pizza, energetic staff, can't ask for more.
5	Very good pizza hard to find but once you do it is worth it
4	My hubs and I decided to try and find the elusive "secret pizza" place at the Cosmo. Let's just say that we got quite a tour of the hotel trying to find the damn place, but we certainly worked up an appetite. We finally had to ask someone to give us a hint!Even with our hint we nearly walked by the place. We only found it because of the 80's music blasting down the hallway.This place is like what I would expect Panucci's Pizza from Futurama (except much more sanitary) to be like.The pizza is greeeasy and served by the slice. You've been warned. But it hits the spot with a cold beer. Not a lot of seating, but this place is a secret...so you can't expect it to be huge.I danced out of the record lined hallway to the tune of Billy Idol's "Don't You Forget About Me" with a big smile on my face. A good find.
4	It didn't take long to find this "Secret Pizza'' establishment in my drunken state. But yea it was good pizza. The service was friendly and its a cool little spot to chill and have a nice slice of pizza and get out of the Vegas heat.. I shall return to this place.. Most likely drunk again lol..
4	Love the secrecy of this place.  Great pizza.  Expect a line.  sshhh...
5	Great NY style pizza, and in the cosmo!
5	Best secret I could never keep to myself. After a day of non-stop day drinking and raging, I pretty much died and didn't make it too far out of my hotel room. Empty stomach and determined to make an appearance, I dragged myself to Marquee at 1:30 only to leave 20 minutes after to go back to the hotel room...but not before being nosey and wanting to know this secret everyone had been talking about...so even after an entire day of feeling like complete poop, I waited in line and got myself the white pizza....I was cured of whatever illness I thought I felt, I downed that slice of pizza like I hadn't eaten for days. Winner.
2	I really don't know why this place has such good reviews. Maybe everyone was really drunk when they had the pizza and thought it was the best thing in the world because they were starving? Not sure... But I thought this place was totally overrated, which is unfortunate because I was really excited for it! I went during EDC weekend so it was a little busier than usual in Vegas. I waited in line for almost an hour to order, then waited another 30 minutes or so to get the pizza! (I ordered a whole one because it was cheaper than ordering a bunch of slices. I think it was almost $30 for a pizza vs. around $4/slice) The line got really confusing at the front. There were like two lines or something and everyone was confused as to who to order from. There was a crowd by the cash register and people just swarming everywhere. I'm assuming this was because it was a packed weekend, but not sure!The pizza was very thin and really greasy. I expected so much more from the raving reviews and the 1.5 hour wait! Of course we were starving so we destroyed it, but we should've just gone to McDonald's across the street. That would've been way cheaper and faster... Oh well, at least we gave it a shot! It wasn't TERRIBLE, but I just don't think it was worth it. We got a sausage pizza and it was okay...PS I had little to no signal while waiting in there!! (I have AT&T) Very frustrating when you're trying to meet people up and make plans for the night, but what can you do...
1	Pizza is ok, no place to sit!  It's really a take out place.  Order ahead if you want a large pizza. Overall, the line is not worth the pizza.
5	The pizza was delicious. The price , however was chocking, 5 bucks for a slice. After 2 huge slices I was still hungry.  It is better if you get a whole pizza for 25 bucks and is enough for 2 or 3 people, it is huge. The place feels like you are walking into a restroom, but the pizza's good. They make lots of $$$$$$
5	Amazing pizza!! and VERY friendly staff. Prepare for a long wait, but it's worth it.
4	Do yourself a favor and order a whole pizza instead of getting 1 or 2 slices!! $25 for a whole pizza vs. $5 for just a single slice? I think we all know what you should do. Leftover pizza always tastes good anyways. This is a perfect place to go at 4am when you have the drunchies, as long as you don't mind waiting in a long line.Anywho, be prepared for some gooey and greasy goodness in your mouth! The pizza slices are huge and their toppings are yummmmmy. My favorite is the meatball. Biggest problem is that you sometimes have to wait 30-45 min for a whole pizza, which is what happened to my friends and I last time. I'd say it's worth the wait though!In terms of trying to find this place, go to the third floor of the Cosmo and it's near the Marquee entrance! If you see the pool table and chairs to your left, the entrance will be the right. You'll see a hallway that has a bunch of cool photos/album covers on the wall and BAM, you're there :)
3	The pizza is pretty good.. but not as good as Cheeseboard in Berkeley! Pizzas are pretty big, but they are super greasy! I looked at the cardboard box with all that oil from the pizza that I just consumed with disgust.Also docking stars off the rating because the people who work there are extremely rude! So my friends and I were standing there debating which flavor toppings to get... then suddenly, we heard a loud pop. We soon found out that someone in the kitchen knocked down a bottle of Coke and caused it to explode everywhere (with the bottle hitting the ceiling and cap flying our way). If we only stepped one feet closer to the register, at least one of us could've been hit with the bottle cap (and maybe in the eye too!) Fortunately, our indecisive personalities saved us from harm. Then my friend looks at her clothing and found that it was splattered with Coke. During this whole time, not one of the three workers was apologetic about the situation. None of them said sorry or anything. RUDE MUCH?? At that point, we didn't want to say anything because we just ordered our pizza (so we didn't want them to spit in our pizza or do anything of that sort), but we definitely did not leave a tip and gave them the death stare as we were walking out (after we got our pizza). So get your act together, because soon enough, you'll be fired. Just sayin'
5	Best when you need to escape the madness for good pizza!
5	Always a big fan of Cosmo's not so secret, secret pizza place. No matter the time of day, a slice from Secret pizza always does the trick when your hungry or just need a snack. For those times when you need to feed a few more people or just being fat, you can order a pie anyway you want it. We were just there a few nights ago, ordered a pie with everything and just sat in front at a table and played pool at 11PM at night. What better way to start an evening then some great pizza, drinks and friends before the night of debauchery starts? Or ends if you have been partying all day, but alas I digress. Oh... and the staff is awesome to!
5	Oh how I love thee WHITE PIZZA!Doesn't get any better, and that is ALWAYS what I order, along w/ a Stone IPA.There is not much else to say about this place, other than it is a hidden gem on the LV strip.
1	Gross! This place must have 4 stars because people get too drunk to taste. The 'pizza' is a slice of cardboard DRENCHED in grease. Gross! And over priced.
5	Thank goodness I went with people in the know otherwise I would have had a heck of a time finding this place. Trick of the trade: place a take out order! We ordered two whole pizzas, took it back to Aria and enjoyed it thoroughly. It was delicious! The pizzas here are delicious! Greasy and delicious! But beware of the high number of drunks that will approach for food as you carry your pizza box around =)
4	Open super late.   Great pizza.  Interesting crowds.   Always fun
5	Awesome pizza, whether sober or imbibed.  The only problem is, they have too many different slices and you want to try them all!Every slice I've tried has been excellent, though the white pie is one of my favorites.It's a bit hard to find, but well worth the visit.  If you visit during the wee hours, be prepared for a line (of often colorful characters).  But, it's worth the wait (and at least you'll probably have fun while waiting).
5	Great pizza. The coolest ambiance and setting in a large living room style furniture. Best thin crust in Vegas!  A must do. 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  Already have my next pizza dinner at Secret Pizza planned.
4	The pizza is awesome for when you're over buffets and just want a good meal to eat before letting the drinking begin. Good and greasy and tasty. Yes order a whole pizza not only because it's smarter for your wallet but because you have to save a slice or two (2 preferred) for when you get back to your room in the morning drunk as hell wanting food. It is a 5 star pizza slice but then and only then. 4 otherwise :) Yeeeeee.
5	After scouring the hotel and passing numerous restaurants, we finally spotted the inconspicuous  pizza place.I apprehensively ordered a regular slice.  It's hard to find a pizza place outside of NYC that is up to par to my standards.  I was happily surprised.  The pizza was DELICIOUS.  It was just what I needed after a long flight and bad airport food.Great place but a low-key and relatively cheap bite to eat.
5	I'm not much of a "review or feedback" person but this place is worth me signing up for a yelp account !!! It's the best pizza I have ever had hands down .... Like most newbees I had a hard time finding it here is a post that helped me find it : "Take escalators to restaurant floor (third floor). At top of escalators you will be facing Jaleo. Immediately on the left of this restaurant is a (narrow by Vegas standards) hallway - the pizza place is down this hallway. You'll see people indulging in pizza by the pool table in this area and know you've hit the right spot. :)best,the pokerfoodie"If you stay on the strip and don't hit this place at least once your missing out big time!!!!
4	hidden late night gem in the cosmo.  NY style pizza
5	Thanks to my fellow Yelpers for leading me to Secret Pizza.  There are no signs leading to this place...just knowledge that it exists, the help of the nearby employees that pointed me in the right direction, and the faint smell of yumma pizza as I got closer to the secret location.I've been here twice and both times I was treated to high quality pizza.  The first time, there was enough of us that we opted to get a whole pie.  We got 1/2 white sauce w/ mushrooms and 1/2 red sauce combo.  They make it fresh when you order it, so there needs to be an element of patience.  About 15-20 min later, we got a HUGE box that wouldn't even close because the pizza was too big.  It was DELICIOUS!  I loved the super thin, super crispy crust.  I especially liked the White Pizza...creamy with just the right amount of garlic.  The second time, I went for a slice of the White Pizza with susage.  Again, it was YUMMY!
4	Pretty good NY pizza in LV.the white pizza was very goodso was the mushroom.
5	FINALLY had a chance to hit up this secret place up. It's been here since before i left on deployment and it's still dishing out kick ass pies.Go with a large group, get a whole pizza, socialize, eat pie, be happy.Go alone, play game on your phone, eat pie, be happy, take pie home, be happier.
5	GASP! 5 Stars?  Yes, this place was everything I expected it to be and more.  Why?  Because the pizza was SOO DAMN GOOD!I was in Vegas a month ago, and naturally each time I travel  I look for spots that garner hype and are said to have good food.  Well this place really is "Secret", as a matter of fact it really has no name.  One could say the prices are too steep, almost $5 a slice plus toppings.  But it is so worth it.The white pizza, IMO, one of the best pizza's you could get outside of Italy.  Look I'm not food critic, I can't even cook but I know when something tastes good and this place makes great tasting pizza!
4	Fun/ relaxed little place that can be a reprieve from all the bustle at the cosmopolitan. The slices are pretty big (think sbarro). My husband loves thin, Italian/NY style crust and this place hits the spot, only second to Basic near petco park in SD. If I'm feeling something rich, I get their white pizza (olive oil and seasoned ricotta) and top it with their thin, spicy slices of pepperoni.
3	Secret Pizza has not so secretly upped its prices. Secretly they have skimped on employees during peak hours and therefore they have not so secretly become not so fantastic. At least, to me.Last night I went here with a few friends and I have not been in awhile. Shelling out $5 for a slice of pizza is beyond me. I guess I'd just rather go to Holstein's or Comme Ca and shell out 5 more dollars for something better. I'm not saying I'm never going to eat here again, but I won't be going out of my way to seek a slice any longer. One bonus - at least they have a water dispenser now.
5	PIZZA!!! Plus video games and pinball! Super delish pizza with fresh crust and hot bubbly cheese! Simpy divine! A little pricey but well worth it. If you are in the Cosmopolitan and  want great pizza...stop by here!!Thin crust also!
4	It was past midnight and we were looking to end the evening with some pizza, so we yelped "pizza" on the strip, and we came across this place. I fell in love with the Cosmopolitan, so I was pleased to return. I came across many stellar reviews raving about this place, and Katie B. sealed the deal with hers. We ordered a whole white  pie to go, and it took a while but it was worth it. So yummy and unique. I will def. recommend it to anyone!
4	Good pizza served in a hipster cave at the cosmopolitan. The secret is that there's no signage but it seems that A LOT of barely coherent revelers under 35 know about it. The best part is that its available until 4am. Stand in line, grab a slice and eat on top of a reconverted foosball table outside. There's nothing more you need to know
5	Omg their white pizza is to die for!!!!!!!!! their pizza is ammmmmmmmaaaaaaaazing here!!!!! i'd rate it 10+ stars hahaha
3	I went here after clubbing one night. It was around 3:30AM. This place was packed with the line being almost out of the secret alley hallway or whatever you want to call it. The line took around 45 minutes and we ordered two pizzas which took another 45 minutes to make. We ended up getting the pizza around 5AM. Food: WHAT?!? I waited that long for that kind of pizza?! It wasn't horrible, and maybe it's just because I was extremely tired but I wouldn't wait more then 20 minutes for that ever again. All pizzas are 18 inches and 10 slices. White pizza ricotta and mozzarella cheese: I love cheese and this was super cheesy! The pizzas are very thin. When you pick it up, it might just fall all over your lap. It was definitely not as flavorful as I thought it would be. $18Five topping: Sliced sausage, pepperoni, green peppers, onions and black olives. This pizza was a little better, but it still lacked something that could just put it all together. It was also pretty messy with all the toppings falling off the pizza. $25
3	Good pizza, a little pricey ($30 large 18" pizza, 10 slices, 3 toppings).  It's expensive but you are eating at Cosmo, not Costco lol.  The pizza is above average but it's not super-mega out of this world awesome.If you are getting late night eats then expect a long wait (both in line and while they make it).  I think we waited in line for 25 minutes and another 20 minutes for them to make it.  Seating is limited so you might find yourself eating in the lobby just outside (especially if you are rolling w/ a large group).
4	Absolutely delicious!Great pizza, just be ready to wait in a very length line and wait time. Be ready to break the bank as the pizza is slightly expensive ($22 I believe is where a full pie starts).
4	HOT DAMN!Yelp, you make a perfect wingman, and I love you for it!This tiny lil pizza spot, is a hidden gem, within the FABULOUS walls of the Cosmopolitan, serving up slice after slice, of mouth-watering thin crust pizza genius!They don't call it "Secret Pizza" for nothing, you've gotta sort of hunt this place down. Even the staff of the Cosmo, is in on it. They'll give you some vague hints, as to the whereabouts of their exact location, but, the rest is up to you, to find the joint! Also, I'm not here to tell you where it's located, I'm here to tell you, you've GOT to go!Small and tiny, but with nice decor (the walled corridor leading to the actual pizzeria, is lined with album {mostly Italian} art). The actual pizzeria is TINY, with MINIMAL SEATING SPACE! Think, stand and eat, not sit down. NOT a good place, for large groups!The pizza, is DAMN good! I'm still upset that I didn't get a whole pie, instead of a slice! It's crispy thin crust, NY style! My style! You basically pick a slice from their selection of ready made pizzas, and they'll heat it up for you, or, you can order a whole pie. Just be on your toes, because, when you're slice is done reheating, they just assume you'll come to the front, to take it. They don't call out numbers or names or anything. So, if you're not there, someone else may snag it!I came in at around 2PM, not AM, but PM, and even then, it was terrific people watching! Drunks EVERYWHERE!The price is pretty damn good too, considering, you're in a 5-star resort.If you're in Vegas, and you're in the mood for pizza, DON'T forget about this place!Food: 5Ambience: 4Service: 3Value: 4
4	I guess I haven't reviewed this fine establishment yet, and I visit almost every time I'm in Vegas!Sometimes the line can suck, but it's so worth it.  You can get a big slice for under $5, I believe it's NY style (thin crust).  Service has almost always been with a smile, and it's so convenient either before or after visiting Marquee.Hmm... I wish I could speak more of its awesomeness, but I guess I've said it all.  My yelp buddy Rod U said it well, it's not the best pizza in Vegas, but it's an experience.  Hip and trendy, you'll spot a lot of other clubgoers hitting it up.  For its convenience, and quality, I am definitely a fan.
4	"Get fcuked up, and eat pizza" - Old Eugine ProverbSome old Chinese fool tried to jack that shit from me and use it as his own.I'm going to lay it down on how to get to this place.   Do not deviate from these directions.-Walk by all the squealing Asian girls coming out of the club that think they're cuter than they actually are.  Actually...thinking they're cute at all is wrong.-Five steps past the white girls riding the escalator barefoot.  -Make a right when you see the Latinas showing off their newly acquired neck art ... hickies.-And when you see an angry black chick....run the other way.  Fcuk the pizza.Was the pizza really that good?  I don't remember.  My buddy liked it. I guess I did too.  Not as much as the Reyka tonics I was guzzling down at a frantic pace earlier. Evidently I waxed two slices, made it back to the room, and gracefully blacked out.   I woke up in the middle of the night with a shivering case of mud butt.  That means two things:  1. It was greasy2. It was goodI do faintly recall burping up pepperoncinis while on the throne.  I love those things.  Both the pepperoncinis and the porcelain La-Z-Boy.4 gleaming stars might be a bit too generous, but hell, aren't you all generous and shit when you get shitfaced?  Yeah...thought so.
4	Mmmmm...delicious! And I didn't even need my lactaid pill to prevent the runs!! SCORE! Place is small, but we managed to find a counter to eat at, granted it was around 5pm ish on a weekday. If it's busy, just head outside and eat at one of the lounge chairs around.
2	Maybe I stumbled upon a bad day here, but I was thoroughly unimpressed with Secret Pizza. After all the hype from my friends and seeing the huge line, I told myself it was worth it but was quite disappointed in the end.After a long night, a group of us decided to come here around 3 in the morning. We were faced with about an hour long wait among the crowd of drunk and hungry party-goers. The slices are all laid out and there's plenty of employees and ovens for them to fill. I still don't understand why the line is so ridiculously long.I ended up getting a slice of white pizza with mushrooms and sausage on it. Nothing extraordinary here. Cheap piece of dough, scattered pieces of meat, and barely any substance. Honestly, it tasted like it came out of a frozen pizza box you get at Grocery Outlet. I've had some amazing NY style pizza. I've even had out of this world vegetarian NY style pizza, which is rare for me. Secret Pizza just didn't cut it. What makes it worse is it's $5 a slice. I know Vegas can be expensive, but that's probably the most expensive slice of pizza I've ever had.
4	DRUNK pizza is the BEST pizza.Everything is delicious and you will wait in line for a very long time, this is the only reason I don't give it a 5.  Seating is limited too.  They need to speed this sh1t show up, b/c I'm drunk and want pizza PRONTO.Bigger place, more people cranking out pizza, and more seating please!!!!
4	Such a good pizza place literally hidden in the Cosmopolitan. The choices are pretty good and a whole pie is pretty cheap.The best thing about this place is that it's located above Marquee so after a night of drinking and dancing, this pizza hits the spot. The line is pretty damn long though so be prepared to be standing there but since there are so many people, you can just chat with everyone around you. There is only one cashier so they are literally ringing everyone up, one at a time.
5	Love this place.  My first time here was by total accident, just curious what was down that hallway covered with old record covers.  So excited to see and smell the wonderful pizza they had over here.  They also have beer, cannolis, and cheesecake.  The pizza is priced affordably for where you are and what you get.  They have a little bar with some stools so you can eat inside there.  It is open late too so its perfect for that late night snack.  Love the pizza, may be my favorite in town.
4	Cool late night spot if you can find it, it took a couple trys before finding it.Ordered a slice of pepperoni & a PBR.  I am a fan of a good thin crust and this was perfectly chewy with just enough crunch. I was impressed.
4	The 'secret' part about this joint was a let down, I was hoping to go through a dark passageway and defeat some goblins along the way, nooope! did not happen as I previously imagined! :-\Instead we were lead into this dimmed hallway covered with vintage album records and then arrived at an aluminium decor-ed pizzeria kitchen with some stools and couple of pinball machines.While I was hoping I'd see them freshly prepare the pizza in front of me, I suppose re-heating it suffices too.  The selection is pretty basic, you got your plain cheese, pepperoni, or sausage.  To that, you can add simple ingredients like mushroom, onions, bell pepper, etc.  Toppings will cost you extra.The overall taste was purely simple and glistening, the way on-the-go pizza should be!  The most important fact to know about the pizza is how the crust is perfectly thin and crispy.  I almost prefer it this way!  If you are coming out of the club or lounge, $5 a slice won't matter much, you just want something good and quick to help you sober!
4	Places like this are why I love Yelp.  Would never have known to look for it otherwise.  Cool little hole in the wall (literally).  We had a basic half cheese half pepperoni.  Took a while to make from scratch but it was worth it.  Nothing extremely different about it, but it was one of those very well executed thin crust pizza's that I love. On par with some of the best I've had.  Not a lot of room to sit, so plan to grab a spot in the nearby lounge.
5	Get the white pizza!!!!! Ricotta and garlic.....NOM!!!I love this place...great pitstop after a night of fun and dancing!!!To save some money: order a whole pie....A Whole White is $24....otherwise, spend $5 plus on each slice..=P
4	This was like the after party of Yelp Helps Kickoff. We were hungry for sure, and had the biggest craving for Secret Pizza. What else would we come for? None other than the infamous white pizza! Bummer they were out of it by slice, and said that they would not be making any for a while. That did not stop us for sure as Anthony and Justin stood in line to order a full pie! 35 min wait? Psh...no problem. We were starving but we waited anyway. We thought it was worth THAT much. I think due to high demand they ended up making  a hand full of white pizzas and then offered them by the slice eventually. Oh..the rich cheesy goodness! Loaded with ricotta cheese. Extra greasy and flimsy. Just the way I like it. Sure enough, NY style I folded that bad boy in half and inhaled it in one breath. If you come to visit Secret Pizza for a nice sobering slice of heavenly goodness....be sure to order the white pizza. It'll top your perfect night.
4	First off, I'm lactose intolerant..........Second off, I got the white pizza with mushrooms... SO GOOD!! The slice is actually pretty big considering the pizza is about 5 dollars a slice.Third off, I paid for it that night, BUTTT it was totally worth it!!!This place is hidden on the top level of the cosmo and when you see the brick building and the pool tables on the outside, you know you are in the right place!
4	Awesome NY-style pizza. I highly recommend the mushroom pizza.  The pepper and ricotta pizza is also good, but it lacks the delicious red sauce of the other pizza.  Great post-bar food.  Yes, you'll have to wait an hour if it's 3 AM, but...it's 3 AM and you know you want it.
5	Had the white pizza wife had the cheese no doubt one of the best in town
5	Not so secret anymore, huh? 3rd floor of the Cosmo, look for the hallway with the records lining the walls and people with drunchies standing outside. Bomb ass pizza: pepperoni and white are stand-out. May take a bit if you order a whole pie-- it'll be real fresh.Water cooler by the register. Minimal seating inside; some couches in the lobby outside. Great spot to people watch.Best post-game food in the classiest hotel-casino around. Plus, comes with a whole lot of character.
4	really neat little hole in the wall - literally.  Great for after the clubs.
5	Pizza so good it makes me throw my gluten allergy into the wind!
3	I'm going to guess that most of the people go here late at night after clubbing and drinking.  Admittedly, the pizza is pretty good.  And by pretty good, I mean better than average.  But I will definitley stop short of saying spectacular.Meaning was is worth the over 1hr wait?  HECK NO.This place is a bit overpriced.  But I guess when its 2 AM and you're hungry, its all good.We ordered a whole pie.  Pepperoni.  Realized we'd been waiting over 45 minutes.  Turns out that our pizza got placed into the line and cut up.  The gal at the register, was like, "Duh, I don't know" it's coming.  The guy making the pizzas on the other hand....  +1 his Customer Service skills.I was pretty ticked off, and he got me before I blew up.  He talked me down pretty quickly and actually managed to make me feel sheepish for getting so bent out of shape.  He gave me the next pizza out of the oven, the line had to wait.  Comped the pizza and all the drinks we wanted which was just the 1 two liter we'd originally paid for.  Offered more drinks...  Anyway, I felt bad for not giving him a chance to make it right before I started to go off the deep end with him, I tipped the jar $5 of the money I got back.Did I have a right to be upset?  Absolutely.Was my issue corrected?  Immediately.Was I happy when I left? Most definitely.Would I go back?  Probably not.  But that's cause I'm not in Vegas to eat Pizza.
4	This is your classic NY-style pizza which means limited toppings (at least for the slices) for the folks on-the-go, thin, fold-able and is considered a snack (unless I order a pie).  Prices are a bit outrageous because for 1 topping in NYC, a slice of pizza would have cost me $.99 or $1.99 at the very most (whereas here it cost $5) but I have to admit that the "secrecy" about this place is kind of cool and even though I'm an impatient girl, the line was enjoyable.  If you need a drink, get a beer otherwise opt out for their extremely slow water dispenser (cups available by the cash register) because the bottled water and sodas will cost you just as much as a beer.  After a relaxing eat, I walked, and accidentally kicked a guy's Corona.. I felt horrible and please note that I wasn't intoxicated.  Not one bit.
5	What's better than a really good New York style pizza spot in Las Vegas? A HIDDEN New York style pizza spot!!! Secret Pizza is definitely that. A secret. Don't look for any signs or information on the website: you won't find it.  Matter of fact, the only reason I found this place was because I did a search on Foursquare of local spots.  So the only way you'd find this place is by knowing that it exists. Basically, it's on the 4th floor, next to STK.  You'll see a hallway of album covers.  All along the walls and the ceiling.  Walk down  that hallway and turn the corner and you're there!  It's not very big.  They have a few bar chairs and a ledge but if there's 5 people eating then you better take your pizza elsewhere.  You can buy a whole pizza or by the slice.  I personally had the white pizza, which is just as good as it was promised to be, and added toppings.  A slice, a couple of toppings and a drink will probably run you about $7, making it the cheapest meal you can have in the entire hotel.  So make sure you stop by and spread the word! It's more than worth it!
4	This place is another great after the club spot. You can easily walk pass this place and not even know that there is a pizza joint in the back. We stood in line for about 30-45 minutes. I personally thought the wait is too long which is why its getting minus 1 star. However, when I got the pizza, OMG it was delicious! They had a decent variety to choose from and each sliced pizza is heated to order. Prices were fair but no seating---booooo! Would I go here again, yes but only if the line was shorter.
4	My husband and I were showing my brother around the Cosmo when I remembered that there was a secret pizza place hiding inside the casino. I was using hints from my Yelp app to find it but my husband's nose knows the smell of pizza!  You go through this hallway lined with vintage albums and you are there! I chose to get the white pizza . It looked plain but it is soo good! It had a nice garlicky taste to it. I washed it down with a cola ....delicious! If you find yourself with too much pizza and not enough to drink there are free refills. The space is a bit tiny so it isn't a place for big groups. Luckily there was a space on the side counter.
5	Can't go wrong with this place.  Besides the wait, I would come here everyday for my daily dose of pizza.  It's an attraction to "post club munchies" but it's worth it.
4	The pizza here is DELICIOUS.Get the White pizza. Be prepared to wait in a forever long line though, esp during peak hours on the weekends (around 1-3). That's when a lot of people head over there after leaving Marquee. :) If you have a party of four or more, I recommend just getting a whole pie! It's more worth it, and you can take the leftovers to your room. Eat outside of Secret Pizza! Like where the pool table is. Lots of couch seating available. The secret is out (actually, has been for a while), Secret Pizza is the best spot to grub (after Earl's) after a night filled with sweaty dancing and pounding down shots.
4	Ahhh Secret Pizza, the light at the end of the tunnel... well, hallway really. On the 3rd floor of the Cosmo, almost in line with the escalator, is a dark hallway that seems to lead to nothing but some pinball machines. But once you get there, you'll find a hole-in-the wall pizza joint run by some really nice, hard-working fellas who love serving gigantic sized slices of red or white-sauced pizza topped with mushrooms, sausage and/or pepperoni or whatever you want for ~$5/slice. Get a drink and the cashier will tell you the "refills on me." -Sausage is my favorite - not too salty or oily.-Mushroom is a good veggie option.-"Meat Lovers" - combo of pepperoni and sausage was really oily. Maybe good for the hangovers but a bit heavy after having the above 2.There's a TV with sports on, a couple of chairs to sit and eat on, but mostly standing room only. It's definitely a good spot to stop by for a quick, cheap lunch by Vegas standards.And because I can't stand people like this, I have to rant: To the lady with the designer bag, it's a hole-in-the-wall pizza joint. No one hangs out there for too long so stop complaining about the lack of seats and how you can't eat standing up. There are plenty of sofas out on the hotel floor. Also, throw your own trash away! You didn't even leave tip for that.
4	I am giving this place 4 stars for the white pizza.  The slice of sausage pizza that we ordered also was quite good, but their white pizza is something special.   We visited there at around 2pm on a Sunday and only waited in line for a few minutes.  I love the secret location gimmick, too.
4	"Secret Pizza" is not the name of this pizzeria.  It actually has no name, but Secret Pizza will suffice for now.It should be obvious by now that Secret Pizza is probably the worst-kept secret in Las Vegas.  Since everyone knows where it is already, I'll just go ahead and spill the beans -- Cosmopolitan hotel, third floor, tucked between Jaleo and Blue Ribbon Sushi, down the short corridor lined with vintage album covers.Okay, now that I said it, don't kill me, please?  This isn't Fight Club, right?I wasn't joking when I said everyone knows about Secret Pizza already.  The lines to eat here are obscene.  It's most popular in the middle of the night, when the post-Marquee crowd drops by to feed their drunken munchies.  However, when a group of us dropped by at 2pm in the afternoon, we still had to wait over 30 minutes just to reach the cashier.  Not that I minded waiting.  I could spend hours looking at the collection of vintage albums.  There's also pinball.  The pizzeria itself is decked out in gleaming white subway tile, in fitting with the New York theme.We shared a variety of red slices, some plastic cups of PBR, and a slice of cheesecake.  While the pizza was fresh and delicious, it was doused in enough grease to make the paper plate translucent in no time.  (Remember that episode of the Simpsons when Bart rubs his pizza on the wall and then the wall turns clear?  Yeah, like that.)  There is barely any seating inside the pizzeria, so we carried all of the grub to the lounge area outside.At $5 a slice, it's expensive, but not unreasonably so.  A better deal is ordering a whole pie.  I recommend that if everyone in your group can agree on a single topping.All in all, Secret Pizza is a solid place to go -- if for no other reason than being able to help all the other confused tourists who are curious to find out where you got your pizza and beer from.  :-)
4	Thank you Yelp! After consuming a decent amount of libations at Bond on the first floor my buddy and I had a raging case of the munchies.  I quickly dispatched my handy Yelp app and searched for "late night food" (it was 2AM after all) and noticed the intriguing title of "Secret Pizza".  Not only were we already in the Cosmopolitan but it also was highly rated.Finding this place was an adventure, partially because it's hidden/not listed anywhere and also because I was already three sheets to the wind and would probably have a hard time finding it even if I didn't have anything to drink.  Alas, do not discount the determination of two twenty something males with a craving for some late night pizza.The actual pizzeria wasn't terribly big and thankfully wasn't crowded when we went so ordering and paying for our slices was relatively fast.  I ordered a slice of the white pizza (effin delicious) and another equally delicious pizza (see photo) which name escapes me.  Both slices were amazing from the toppings right down to the crust...which I ate all of.  The cost of my fourth meal was $11 (verified by the credit card receipt in my wallet the next day) which was not only reasonable but totally worth it.
4	This place is a true gem hidden on the 3rd floor of Cosmo.  The ridiculously long lines (especially after clubbing hours) are completely worth it. The pizza is so amazingly delicious. I have the dock off one star just because the service here can get very lousy when they get super busy and also, the place is usually filthy.
4	Having stayed at the Cosmo during our recent trip to LV, my friends and I found ourselves highly confused by hordes of people carrying pizza boxes, yet no pizza place in sight. Since we were usually not looking for food, we never bothered to ask anybody about it. Second to last night in LV, a drunken roommate, and a pizza craving finally allowed us to discover the hidden tunnel that leads to this magical place. In case you didn't know, it's on the third floor of the Cosmo between Blue Ribbon Sushi & Jaleo. Make sure you go with time, and patience, because the line is usually down the hall, literally! Being a native NYer, the pizza was decent. Although it wasn't AMAZING like most places back in NY, it was definitely worth the wait after a full day & night of partying in Vegas. It was exactly what we needed before heading to the airport at 6am. Try it, trust, you'll thank me later.
5	love this place! cheap and open nearly 24 hours. perfect place to stop by for a snack or quick meal.
4	Great little hidden gem. Read the previous reviews to find out how to get here.  Once you arrive, stand in line and order a slice or two. I had the white pizza which was excellent and I'm not usually a white pizza girl. I couldn't resist the large mounds of ricotta dotting the slice. My husband had the white and a sausage slice which was also good. Great for a quick bite.
5	This is a must try in Vegas! Wanted good pizza so I yelped and this came us. So a group of us made it on over. Its labor day so the line was a bit long but worth it. Great toppings, great crust. I will definitely come here again
5	Just like Original Ray's NYC ! I loved it... Went twice in one week! PBR on tap and a cheese slice! The price is right and its in and out quick and totally NY style pizza!
3	No signs to point you in the right direction so had to whip out the YELP app to get guidance.  3rd floor, down the hallway lined with records to the left of China Poblano.  Even at a random off hour of 4pm the wait was about 15 minutes and if you wanted a whole pizza we heard others in line get quoted 2 hours since you can phone head.  We went with  the only two options available, a bell pepper, pepperoni, onion, and 2 slices of mushroom.  The experience is what prevented me from giving this 4 stars but the pizza itself was definitely some of the best i have had. This is the Cosmopolitan after all; aka loud, full of drunk party-goers at all hours, and obnoxious groups still sporting their wristbands from the night before as if they just turned 21.  I felt bad for the workers but they gave back as much as they took.  You can tell they are used to the element that finds its way to Secret Pizza.  We saw people trying to hustle the workers by walking away without paying, people whining that they could not get what they wanted, and drunk fools in line; 4pm remember!, trying to become best friends with the guys behind the counter as they just rolled their eyes as if used to the nonsense.  I think it is a good thing there is no seating really, just four or 5 bar stools. If you could just get your slice and run out it is great!  We actually took our slices next door to Bellagio to enjoy.  Again the pizza is great, i guess if i was in college again i might have brushed off the hordes of drunken twenty-somethings.
5	Hi. If you ask any of the workers at Cosmopolitan they will either lie to you or give you wrong directions to the secret pizza joint. It took us a few minutes to find this place but once I did I now know why this place is a secret. The food is very good here. I don't want anyone else knowing that this place exists because it's that good. The crust is even good.I flew into vegas straight from NY and I have to admit that the pizza here was better than any pizza I had in NY. Not joking.Now go on an adventure and find this hidden secret pizza place in the Cosmo.FYI, there are no signs to this pizza place, just a long hallway into pizza heaven
5	Best pizza experience ever!!!
4	Came on a Saturday around 3 or 4.  It's hidden down a hallway in between 2 restaurants on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan. The Service ---The service was fine.  You order at the counter and they call your name and you pick it up.  It's a tiny little place.The Food ---We got 2 pizzas, one cheese and one with mushrooms, bell peppers and pepperoni.  It took about 30 minutes or so for the pizzas to be done but it was worth the wait.  The crust was nice and thin, although I do prefer it to be a little more crunchy on the bottom.  The cheese was delicious.  Overall, great pizza and good at room temperature as well!The Prices ---It was a little pricey.  I think the cheese was $24 and the other one was $29 or something.  But the pizzas were huge.  We had 8 people and had about 5 slices or so left.  And it is in Vegas, everything is more expensive in Vegas.  Yummy yummy pizza!
4	The pizza here is pretty good but I just don't feel like it's anything special.  However, you can't beat a hot and cheap meal after a night at Marquee or somewhere else on the strip.  The service here is great and friendly but it's not like this was the best pizza I ever had.You can order individual slices or a whole pie and you can even get 2L bottles of soda.  I had the veggie which was pretty good and the white pizza which was tasty but it was a huge greasy mess since its basically garlic oil and ricotta cheese.  The oil was literally dripping off the pizza and while its garlic flavored its also not very appetizing when it cools down from pipping hot.This place is pretty darn popular so I think they should change the name to "was secret' pizza (I kid).  This is an experience you can't skip if you're visiting Cosmopolitan :)
5	This place is DELISH!  It is super hard to find and not even listed on any of the maps or anything, if you go to the third floor your best bet is to look for hallway-looking walkway covered in records, look twice before turning around and you will find it.  The price is amazing, especially for overpriced Vegas.  And for less than $5 a slice, probably one of the best tasting budget-friendly meals you can have in the strip.  The white pizza was my absolute fav, in fact I am craving some now.  You will not be disappointed, eat here early on your trip and you'll likely return for more before leaving and save lots of money in the process.  Oh, and great service too- super friendly and quick!
5	Frickin awesome!!!! I love secret pizza! I totally wanna open up a place like this in Hawaii!  No frills just great pizza and great service!  Definitely hitting up this place next time I call in sick!
4	This is the most cost effective meal you can find in Vegas that also happens to be tasty. I came here with 7 girls and we got a whole pizza with 10 slices for $22 bucks. That will buy you two Powerades at Encore Beach Club. It is also incredibly yummy. Since I flew into Vegas post pool party, I ate this sober and enjoyed it, but my friends ate it after some drinks and loved it, so no matter what state of mind you're in, you will like this pizza. They have a lot of specialty toppings, like sun dried tomatoes, artichokes, and more. I opted for plain cheese since that's my favorite. I guess it's sort of hard to find if you don't know what you're doing. The entrance is a long corridor, kind of like when you go to the bathroom in the mall and have to walk past a several unmarked doors that go into who knows where. I think the original intention is to serve the post club crowd, but honestly, this is some of the better food in Vegas, so I'd eat it as a meal- downside is there isn't too much seating. They want you in and out.
4	I heard a lot of good things about Secret Pizza on Yelp. This place is really a secret. I walk around the Cosmopolitan for 30 minutes looking for this place. My Yelp GPS didn't even pick up the restaurant. Finally, my great smell GPS directed me in the right direction. Secret Pizza is located down a hall way on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan. I went to Secret Pizza around 11:30am and the restaurant was filled. I ordered a slice of pepperoni and white pizza. The pizza was delicious. The flavor of both slices of pizza made my taste buds smile. The pizza came out hot. The service was pretty fast. The employees were friendly. The restaurant isn't very big and seating is very limited. Secret Pizza has a nice social atmosphere. Secret Pizza is not a secret anymore. I definitely will return to enjoy the pizza at Secret Pizza next time I'm in Las Vegas. I highly recommend trying Secret Pizza if you are in Las Vegas. Thanks to my Yelp Las Vegas friends for recommending Secret Pizza.
5	I mean, it could be the time of night and all the alcohol consumed leading up to a visit to Secret PIzza...but I guess it doesn't matter because what sober person is out looking for late night treats at 3-4am?The biggest knock against SP is the wait, but aren't all good things worth a wait?  I will say that expectations can tend to get high when you wait 30-45-60 minutes in line for something, but SP certainly delivered.  The pie was so delicious and I'm pretty sure I woke up with a burnt mouth because I didn't even want to wait for it to cool down.  I guess I should have rated SP a 1/5 and said it's the worst thing out there so less people would show up...Can't wait to go back - Vegas needs more late night food spots like this one.
5	Good Pizza...Great Service!!!I was skeptical after reading the mixed reviews about this place, but can't complain.  There was no line when we went for a late Sunday breakfast, the cashier and server were super friendly, the pizza was good and free soda refills!  Would totally go back!
5	Fresh toppings, and nice crust...what more can I ask for?Just need to be patient if you want the full pizza as it will take more than 15-20 mins.  Cheap eat per person if you get a full pizza which can serve up to 4 people.
4	Not that secret, which is good because my hungover body desperately needed pizza and liquids--Like, for how things go in Vegas, good value. Should have more places like it and fewer like FIRST at the Venetian
4	Secret Pizza... Ok, I'm not sure if that's really the name of this pizza joint. It is hidden, doesn't have a sign, and it is 100%, most definitely worth the treasure hunt to find this unassuming prize. New York style all the way. Big enough to fold over, crispy on the bottom, cheesy, gooey, and comes with toppings like sausage & peperoncini's, or ricotta & sliced meatballs. Mouth watering yet? I have a feeling that the boys makin' these amazing pies are the real deal too; straight outta NYC, full of bravado and take no $&%!. They are in Vegas to conquer the pizza scene and are doing it without a sign! I got to hand it to them, its the best NY style 'zza I've ever had outside of the Big Apple! So next time you are in Sin City check them out... Just don't have too many cocktails before you try. It really is a trick to find!
3	Fun for the uniqueness factor but was sadly underwhelmed with the pizza, which wasn't served piping hot. Pricey ($5/slice) but might be worth checking out just for the curiosity factor.
4	The first rule of Secret Pizza is: YOU DO NOT TALK ABOUT SECRET PIZZA.Seriously, guys, the wait is getting ridiculous.Tips:- For full pies, call in your order for pick up in 30 mins.- It may smell irresistible, but do fight the urge to eat immediately. Otherwise, suffer from pizza palate.- Best spot for drunk people watching.
4	pizza's good.  price is actually not too bad for a slice...when you factor in it's on the STRIP, in the COSMO.  drinks kinda pricey - but like I said...you're in the COSMO.  Pretty long line, I mean i'm sure it's gets enough action from Marquee.  Didnt really think about that, until we saw all the drunk partyers from the dayclub
4	Damn this is good pizza! Ride the escalator to the top floor of the Cosmopolitan (4th floor?) and the hallway directly ahead take you to 'secret pizza'.The garlic on white sauce was the best! Also had mushroom, olives and cheese on red sauce. While good, it didn't hold a candle to the garlic on white sauce. Warning, that garlic does stay with you though ;)The crust is just so crazy crunch good...
4	This place makes good pizza!  We ordered two complete pizzas for the eleven of us, and we just gobbled them up!  The pepperoni pizza was really good, but my favorite was the white pizza with garlic.  We found some relaxing chairs by the billiard table outside the hallway, and enjoyed the pizzas there.  For good pizza at an affordable price, this is the place to go in Vegas!
4	Thank You to the random group of guys who shared their very tasty pepperoni pizza with us as we staggered out of Marquee at 2 am.. The line looked crazy long and they said they would rather share it with us then their friends waiting in the room for them (and the two pizza's)  I Love Vegas !
5	great nyc pizza!!! check it out!!!
5	It's NOT a secret to everyone. Oh come on Legend of Zelda fans....you know that's comedy gold. Anyways...it's not like this place has a invisible trap door. But it's also not advertised with any signs so that's win win nonetheless. I dunno if it was the alcohol in my system but this pizza shouldn't be kept from the public...it's THAT damn good. It's probably one of the top three best pizza's I've had (outside of New York). Who would've thought that legit (brick oven) pizza could be found in Vegas? I think I had a slice with pepperoni, salami, and sausage...my memory's kinda fuzzy. I do know that it was a superb slice. PS....don't go there dressed like a bum if it's after hours. There are tons of fiiiiiiiiiiiiine women at the restaurants, bars, and clubs surrounding Secret Pizza. You've been warned.
4	My only gripe is this isn't 24 hours!!!!Great location - food in the mall for under $10. That's a steal! And they sell beer! And the pizza is good and offers various kinds and toppings.
4	Stopped in here mid-day during our trip, and the place was nearly empty, so the service was quick. I ordered a slice of white pizza and my BF got a slice of pepperoni. His was nice and hot, but mine was a little on the lukewarm side. Still, it was really good: lots of garlic and cheese. Definitely hit the spot, and given my slightly buzzed state, worth the $5/slice.
5	A "hidden" gem among all the fancy stores and restaurants  this pizza joint was a very guilty pleasure of mine. They had perfect nostalgia with the fact that it is a hidden restaurant down a long dark hallway, the staff are casually dressed with backwards baseball caps, and there is a working Galaga arcade game set up next to the counter!Now, the reason for me being so impressed is the fact that it is in such a "classy" area and the amount of joy you feel when you find this joint is priceless (of course it's on the Cosmopolitan hotel map but still it's like a treasure hunt).Oh, and the pizza was pretty good, definitely a nice stop after some fun at the Marquee Day & Night club.
3	Pizza is waaaay too greasy here. But if it's late, you're starving, and possibly drunk, you probably wouldn't care.The not-so-secret pizza place was packed with a long line at 5 am, but I personally didn't think it was worth the wait. I would've much rather had an Earl's Sandwich across the street... The pizza was super oily that I felt like the oil itself was oozing out of my own pores...I got the white pizza, as everyone has raved about. It was mediocre... very cheesy. and oily. The only words that come up to mind is oily. Be prepared to have oil drip down the side of your mouth and all over your hands. Heh.I wouldn't come here if you're wearing killer heels and have been walking on broken toes after a long night of nightclubs. Because you'll just be standing for an even longer time, in agonizing pain. Yes, I am that dramatic.
4	The pizza was super delish and greasy! Great for a night of drinking or helping with a hangover! The slices are huge, so it's like getting 2 slices :)It cost about 20 bucks for 3 slices of pizza and a soda.. I can't complain!
4	With over 900 reviews, Secret Pizza isn't really a secret for Vegas goers.  And thanks to my friend Stephanie W. I'm in the loop now!A plain white or red pizza is $4.50 and add on 50 cents for each topping.  It's expensive but it's great quality and it's one of the cheaper meals on the strip. Their sausage and peperoncini slice was delicious.  The sourness of the pepper cut the savory sausage - a winning combination!  The thin crust is so crunchy and has a nice bite as well.Enjoy!
5	I am not a pizza fan.. I prefer to make it at home myself, but I would have to say that this pizza is by far the best pizza i've ever had! We got a 3 topping pizza: pepperoni, meatball, and mushroom. $26. The pizza was delicious, the sauce was perfectly seasoned, if only they give you a side to dip your crust in! It is a thin crust pizza, but not too thin and crispy, very enjoyable to eat. The place is hard to find, it is on the 3rd floor I think down a hallway... when they say 'secret pizza' it really is secret, they don't even have their name on anything! If you have the chance and are craving pizza... this is definitely the place to go!!
5	This is my favorite pizza place. Ever. It just tastes amazing. For example, I don't like mushrooms, have avoided them my entire life. When all they had for pre-cooked slices the other night was pepperoni and mushrooms, and some other weird looking cheese thing, I happily ate the mushrooms and they were the best thing ever. I love mushrooms now. I just wish this place delivered, took carryout orders, and existed outside of Vegas. It is seriously the best pizza ever.
4	Cheap, close to marquee, open late, and greasy. I have to emphasize the CLOSE again. Considering those gazillion flights of stairs females have to walk up and down in (in heels), I'm so glad drunk greasy food is only a little bit ways away. Get the mushroom. You're welcome.
4	This place is amazing. I'm not sure if i loved it so much because of how much i drank or if it really is as good as i remember but either way it hit the spot! 4 friends and i were leaving a concert at the boulevard pool and decided to finally try this place out. We got a large cheese pizza with banana peppers and sun dried tomatoes as toppings. So good. It was a bit greasy but after blotting that away it was near perfect. some of the best pizza in Vegas for sure. I like the whole gimmick of it being a "secret" too.
4	Shared a large pepperoni, sausage, onion, mushroom, and ricotta cheese pizza with +4 ladies. YUMMY..... I would of gave a 5 stars but my topping was falling off. Well it because I was too impatient to let my pie set before I devour it hehehe...
5	YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM. i am a LOVER of Secret Pizza. I've only tried the white and the cheese but do I wanna come back or what! I had California Pizza Kitchen today and Secret Pizza is on a totally different scale of deliciousness. What makes it so different is that its nice and crispy on the bottom when they are reheating it. I can't wait to come back!
5	Serve pizza and pizza only! but its all they can sell when theyre slammed on the strip! Great pizza, possibly the best crust in town! Sauce is sweet, cheese tastes like a NY brand! Love it! My dad is here every week, since he works at the Jockey Club next door! whenever I have a few extra dollars (expensive on the strip), and its late at night nowhere to go on a slow Tuesday, this is my spot! and well worth it!
4	Shhhh! Let me tell you a Secret about Secret Pizza....Secrets**Their White Pizza is off the hook!*Crust? Crazy Crispy Crust! Crunch with every bite!*SP is located on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo*SP is open till Mon, Fri-Sun 11 am - 5 am Tue-Thu 11 am - 4 am*IPA Beer in tap*SP is really small! But who the "f" cares when your hungry!*SP sell by whole or by the slice.Secret Pizza Rocks ! Great place to grab a quick bite!My LV Trip Bookmark #2
4	Amusingly, I was already full and along for the ride so I didn't actually try the pizza here.  It looked good though.However, I will have to say that it's BRILLIANT to design a hole in the wall place with no signage.   Complete with pinball machines and Galaga, it's basically a great little area where there's some standing room to chow down on some pizza.   It looked like NY style from what I could tell and it's decorated in your little 80s pizza place.Great stuff.  Definitely going to come back here to try it out.
5	I love pizza, I eat it about twice a week at least. Pizza when drunk is even better, and I was was wasted when I had this and it was probably one of the best drunk meals I've ever had!!!I think I got a slice of the sausage/pepperoni and a slice of the supreme, both were phenomenal.  Amount of toppings is generous and the pizza slice was huge and greasy (good greasy).  The wait can be a while after getting out of Marquee (30 min), but it's well worth the wait!!!!  It's on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo Casino  I don't even know you whoever you are reading this review, but I hope that you will get the chance to enjoy this miraculous pizza.  I can't wait to go back and get it again!!
5	O how I luv my secret pizzau were lost but now you're foundI can eat you by the poundif only the lines could be smallerthen I could give you more of my dollarswhy is your pie sooo gooddo you use special woodi could eat you every dayi really would if i couldi luv my pizza, my little secretbut alas...nobody could keep it....written by,  the pizza poet.....
5	Looks like the secret is out and the long lines at 2:00am are there to prove it! I came here this past weekend after another shitty night at Marquee dealing with douchey, good for nothing bouncers. Coming to this Secret Pizza joint was the highlight of my night. I got a slice of the combination pizza and as I took my first bite, I regretted only ordering one slice. The pizza was extremely crispy from beginning to end and the meat was quality! Not only did I get to eat AMAZING pizza, but I met Jason, a bachelor celebrating his last days of freedom, who then ended up being my fake fiance for a couple of minutes. I also met another guy who dared me to do a cartwheel, but instead I tricked him into doing cartwheel down the hall for everyone's amusement. All of this made the waiting in line part a billion times more bearable, so the next time you're here make friends with the people in line to kill the time. Don't hesitate to come here..the first thought after leaving Marquee should be to venture to this awesome spot.
4	My co-worker told me to stop by this place so I did! My bf wasn't impressed and wasn't sure why I would come here. I ended up buying him a slice anyways. One star is being docked because $5 for one slice of pizza is a bit on the high side. I ordered the white pizza and took it back to our hotel. My bf did end up eating the 2nd slice I bought. He didn't say much, meaning he liked it. He did keep brushing it off as if it wasn't that good, but kept telling people that we met in Vegas about it. Ok, well I start of telling my friends if they heard of Secret Pizza at Cosmo and then he would then explain the rest.... even though he said he would let me say it.... my bf is weird. Anyways, the white pizza was really good. The crust was thin and crispy, the topping was oozing with oil but man oh man was it good. I was actually shocked that 15 mins sitting in a bag, the crust and the bottom of the pizza still held its crispiness and crunch. There is hints of garlic and awesome cheesy goodness. I will definitely come back if I stay out late.... just really iffy on paying $5 for one slice of pizza.
5	The greatest little hidden gem in Las Vegas!!!3rd floorThe CosmopolitanNo signLong hallwayGO FIND IT NOW. Period.The pizza is the business!!  The pepperoni has a great spice to it. The white pizza is ahhhhmazimg. The mushroom....delish!  The crust does not even taste like crust....it like a warm dinner roll.That's all you need to know.
3	Just look for a hallway with people lined up...What are people in line for? Idk theres a line just get in it!! =)Pizza is alright, its good if you're on a good one after the club... It's pretty greasy and it takes forrrever, as if the line isn't bad already. But then again we ordered a whole pizza so boooo. Next time I'm on a good one I'm going to dance in line for a pizza slice for just me me meee.
4	All of my drunken nights on the Strip seem to end up at Secret Pizza. For the longest time I wasn't even sure if the pizza was really as good as I thought it was due to my inebriated state. I have ate there a few times since then sober and it really is DELICIOUS! This is a super fun place to take friends from out of town or show off your Vegas insider information when you're on vacation.  They mainly sell yummy/gooey/cheesy pizza by the slice and beer. So if you have had a few drinks stumble your way up to the 3rd floor of Cosmopolitan for some pizza. Just don't be the guy sleeping up against the wall drooling on himself.
5	Ok YUMMMMM!Ate here several times this week - can order the pies or just by the slice.  If you are staying at the Cosmopolitan, they deliver for free.  Staff is SUPER friendly, make you feel like you grew up there with them.  Loved it and can't say enough good things.  The pizza is NY style with a great thin crispy crust.  Piping hot, molten lava cheese.  Just do it, you won't regret it.
4	Let me get the logic behind Secret Pizza.  They're opened to 4-5 a.m.  The drunk and partially drunk slur their way in to get that "sober me up munchies" on.  Wouldn't you want a sign up to attract more customers?  How passively cruel is that to the wobbly and incoherent?   Wandering like zombies seeking to feed, one could only chuckle at the priceless visual as they search for Secret Pizza.  Contrarians (sober people) would say signs would defeat the purpose of their marketing goal...it wouldn't be called SECRET PIZZA...logic is never logic if drunk.Through the corridor on the right of the Japanese restaurant within the Cosmopolitan, you'll find Secret Pizza.  There I said it.  If that's not enough, you're probably too drunk to even eat.  Within this hallway is a massive collection of interesting prints of musicians.  I think they were musicians.  The pizza aroma pulled my attention away from the pictures.    My monstrous hunger, which developed from searching the menu, told me to get two slices.  Give up looking for a poster board list menu or what have you.  Just ask, because there are none.  Peering down through the glass, I eventually chose the meat lovers and the cheese with white sauce.  Pizzas are the thin crust.  My crusts were a tad burnt on the edges after the oven warm up; each crispy bite was filled with a healthy (so to speak) dose of cheese and ingredients.  Both slices were delicious.  Both had surprisingly good taste considering since they were just thrown into an oven and reheated for a minute.  No time for a sit down dinner, want a quick slice (or whole pizza), or need some grease to relieve your drunkenness.  Secret Pizza can be a strong option.  That is, if you can find it.
3	Idk I was still hungry after one slice. But it's got a good taste and its super greasy and cheesy.
4	This place is hidden right next to the Japanese restaurant on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan down a long hall filled with album covers on the wall.  Great place for a snack or late night snack.  You can always sit in the lobby that has sofas and chairs surrounding the several restaurants on that floor.  We had the pepperoni and mushroom pizza and it was very tasty.
4	Secret Pizza Kitchen is no damn joke! The pizza here is honestly one of the (if not the best) pizza I have every tried.Its is really not that tough to find if you ask around. They were out of the white pizza which I really wanted to try. Would not be ready for 20 minutes and I am not a patient person when it comes to food.Wife and I ordered 2 slices each which came out to $5 a slice. We had the plain peperroni and chesse, and the mushroom with sausage pizza. Haaaaaaleluya....Haaaaaaaleluya! Yeah that is what I heard in the background as I took my first bites. Seriously excellent tasting. I even finished the crust which Is something I never do.Pricey? Yes. Worth it. YES! A large pie will run you about $20.The only reason I deducted a star is because there is no seating available, which would be cool if they did. I personally don't like to eat standing up.But in all seriousness, there is no way I will do this place justice by describing the taste. You have to come and try for yourself asap!P.S. No I was not drunk
4	Very nice Pizza, try to find it! ;-)
5	Amazing. Not-so-secret anymore but oh well. We got a whole pizza with banana peppers on it one night. sounds weird but it was amazing. grab a beer and some pizza and head back up to your room to crash out. Lives up to the hype.
4	Best Pizza in Vegas hands down. Possibly the best Pizza ever when your drunk. Nice New york slices comin' out of a hot oven with great variety and solid old standbys. Awesome decor and what pizza is complete without a couple of pinball games. If you're looking for New York Pizza in this town, look no further.
5	A hidden gem on the Cosmo's 3rd floor. Just spent a week in NYC, and Secret Pizza's slices were even better than the Big Apple's IMHO.
4	I love the idea that this is a 'secret' pizza joint. The pizzas are delicious. Expect a long line if you come here after the club. It's worth it though & it won't be that hard to find then. It is located on the 3rd level and honestly I've never been up to the 3rd level until I found out about Secret Pizza.
4	The dudes dishing slices behind the counter are so New York. It's all "Whatcha want?" and "Huh?" Don't expect a conversation or them to be remotely polite. But it's a pizza counter with drunks side-stepping just to keep their balance who are in line ordering. You'd probably have an attitude too. Come, get your slice, devour it with your friends and be on your way. You will enjoy it. The pizza ranges from decent (if sober) to "Holy crap, this is the best slice EVER!" (if you just left Marquee and it's 4am). To really appreciate it, go after the club.
4	Everybody knows that I love Pizza!  I also love the Cosmopolitan.  So, when I heard they had a Secret Pizza joint, I couldn't wait to give it a try.  I resisted the temptation to ask for help to find it and spent a good 2 hours looking for this place.  I finally gave up and asked an employee who gave me directions....they're not supposed to do that, LOL.The setup is like the typical street-side quick Pizza joints you find in major city downtown areas.  The Pizzas are pre-cooked and warmed up to order by the Slice or by the Pie.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=Z-z_DCestFY90vmHPj-iSg#Z-z_DCestFY90vmHPj-iSghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=LXFr4Kgn5aUPTV8pxEqIzQ#LXFr4Kgn5aUPTV8pxEqIzQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=JFQEuBrHJcjMJ1lqP_1HHg#JFQEuBrHJcjMJ1lqP_1HHgI ordered a Slice of Pepperoni & Sausage, my 'go to' order.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=Fk3XJrpND-_-Bu0XGSCbug#Fk3XJrpND-_-Bu0XGSCbugThe Pizza was reheated to a very hot temp and served on a paper plate.  The flavor was very good.  The Sausage slightly overpowered the Pepperoni, but they complimented each other well.Overall, it was a good experience and the Pizza was above average.Return Factor - 100%
5	I've been thinking about this pizza since we left. its not the best pizza in the world, but it sure is tasty. plus the fact that you have to know where you're going is wicked cool. Not many choices, but who cares, what they have is great. Oh! and its pretty cheap, considering everything in Vegas is kinds of expensive. This place saved our lives twice, OK maybe not saved our lives literally, but when you have a few drinks in ya and are staving it feels like salvation. :)
4	Swanky.  Hidden inside through some random hallway and you have yourself SECRET Pizza.  Pretty damn secret because you can literally walk past and not even notice that they're cooking some bomb pizza here.  Yep, one of those hidden gems.What's great about this place is you can get a large inexpensive slice of pizza in before or after clubbing right in a central location.What's not great about this place is that it can get packed during late hours when EVERYBODY piles in line to get drunchies.  Minus one for that, but other than wait time, quality pizza right hurr.Be aware of bitches who cut in line--Sure, we may have alcohol in our systems and are hungry as hell, I'm still sober enough to follow the line, so get your ass to the back of the line.  It can take a while when it's packed, but chill in line with friends and a beer and you're good to go.
4	IF you find this place (and you'll probably have to ask someone in the hotel), you'll be pleasantly surprised by the understated, throw-back vibe of what feels like your local pizzeria.  You have to get the white pizza, no matter what.  It is amazingly tasty and full of garlic, cheesy goodness.  There are no tables, so be prepared to stand and eat or to take-and-go.
4	After a brief stint in the Marquee Day Club, my friends and I were starving.  They kept talking about this "secret pizza" place.  Sounds like a stupid movie:Me: Hey, where are we going?Friend: Secret pizza place.Me: Oh? What's it called?Friend: It's Secret Pizza place.Me: Yeah, you said, that, but what's it called? ......And the endless conversation continues.Me, being in a Vegas state of mind, didn't really realize what they were all talking about until I saw a whole bunch of pizzas in front of me.  Smelling in the delicious aromas, I quickly came to and got to difficult task of choosing my slice.But was it ever really a choice.  White pizza with meatballs please.  Yes, that was definitely the right decision.  I enjoyed every bite.  The crust is perfectly savory, and the cheese and toppings combine for a perfect treat for your tastebuds.  I almost wish I got two slices, but the line was too long to get back in, so I settled for just one.As for the location of this "secret pizza" place, I could go all Gossip Girl on you and say "Well, that's a secret I'll never tell", but honestly, even I really have no idea where it is.  Maybe next time I'll map this place out for all you yelpers out there.  Or just read the other reviews as it seems some other people on here were actually coherent when they came here.Just find it.  It's worth it!
4	Five stars for the most amazing pizza in Vegas. I don't know why people cannot seem to make NY style pizza correctly in this city... but... they can't. Secret pizza does it right.I take away one star, however, because as a local, it's kinda a hassle to find parking in the cosmo parking garage, then walk all the way into the hotel, then walk through the hotel to the pizza place. Oh yeah, and then the pizza costs $5 a slice. As a good east coast girl... I should never pay that much for pizza. Ever.But it's sooo tasty...
5	Yum!
4	Mmm... My first meal in Vegas was a $5 slice of pizza. I got the White Pizza, which had a strong garlic flavor and various cheeses with different textures. If the pizza doesn't have enough garlic flavor for you, they even have garlic powder on the tables and counters for you to add to your heart's desire. The best part of this place is that you can add toppings to your pizza even if you're just ordering by the slice!!
3	stalked this place after eating at Henry's being 70.00 in the whole and still hungry! We tried to stalk it before but it wasnt open yet.  Had to ask 2 different people where it was located.  no signs and down a hallway.   pizza was pretty good but i wouldnt give 4 stars. slice of plain and slice of pepperoni with homemade meatballs.  definately go for the topping.  The plain wasnt good enough to eat plain.  but meatball was homemade and delicious!  Very garlicy which is a plus in my book!
1	Sometimes being too popular can be a bad thing. I get it. There is a constant stream of hungry (and most likely drunk) customers waiting to hand over money for some pizza. Still... when a group comes in and asks for a whole pie, it is not cool to ask for double the price or charge them by the slice simply because you think you can get away with it. The pizza was fine, but their bad customer service really soured my experience.
2	Secret Pizza was the first stop of my friend's 22nd birthday celebration last month. She had heard so much about it that she absolutely had to include it. You know the drill. Whatever birthday girl says, goes.This place really is hidden in The Cosmo though. Basically, you're looking for this random hallway. That's all I'll spill. Can't spoil it too much for everyone right?We had seven people in our group, so we waited, and waited, then waited some more. It took a while to reach that point in line where you could see the menu and prices posted on a wall. I realize that they also fulfill phone orders from the hotel's guests, but we were practically forced to order individual slices because waiting for a whole pizza would take an hour. Anyway, we each finally got our $5 pizza slices after at least 30 minutes, then walked out to stand around and munch on 'em.To be frank, the pizza was decent, but overhyped and not worth the wait or price.
4	Good pizza place on the strip.  Prices are a little high, but you are inside Cosmo, so you should expect that ;)Pizza is already made...but they toss it back into the oven when you order a slice.  I go with the white sauce, and add pepperoni or other mix into the equation.  I've tried the red sauce, but since white is so much better to me, I usually go with what I know lol.No where really to sit when it is busy, and the line can get pretty crazy at times, but if you don't mind waiting a little while and standing while you eat, this is a decent slice of pizza.Try it out :)
4	Good thing I did my homework and knew about this hidden gem. And when I say hidden, it's actually hidden. No signs. Not even noted on the floor guide. I guess they weren't kidding when they named it Secret Pizza.When I found Secret Pizza on yelp, I bookmarked this restaurant. Suggested my girlfriends to go here during our vegas trip. We decide to go on Saturday night before marquee so we went around 8:30 pm. Got to first floor of Cosmopolitan and looked at the floor guide by the escalator. Looked for "Secret Pizza" but nothing. Scanned the board again and didn't see a word of pizza. I got slightly scared that maybe I had the wrong hotel in mind and asked the hotel employee and he joked that it's a secret pizza so it's a secret and he can't share the location. O_O I was one step before panicking and he told me it's on the third floor. phew.Secret pizza is tucked away behind walls. Can only get to it if you walk into a narrow hallway next to some restaurant. No signs or anything what-so-ever so keep an eye out for a narrow hallway that makes you question where it is leading to! Barely any line at 8:30 pm. Too bad I was already too full from all the beer I drank but still took few bite of the pizza. Like everyone says, it's thin crust pizza with mountains of cheesy goodness. Sure, the pizza might turn out a bit greasy cuz of all the cheese but don't be shy. Just blot it with some napkin and brace yourself for some nice NY-style pizza. :DPS. Their white pizza is the best. Treat yourself and indulge in the greasy goodness!
5	Sausage/Peperoncini Pizza. Hands down the best.
5	Legit New York style pizza. I wonder if they import the water.Stumbled into the long, unmarked hallway at three o'clock something in the morning after a night at Marquee. Probably waited 30 minutes with the other drunkards. One of our party fell facefirst into a couch in the Cosmopolitan lobby waiting for us to get his re-up.Pizzas are $5 per slice. Not cheap, but worth it. The server provides some clever banter while the cashier is all business. I'm a straight cheese, homey kind of guy. Need that red sauce, though. Friend swore by the white pizza, but the cheese was money. Also got that pepperoni, sausage, veggie, and other mix and match optionality. Or build your own pizza and sell it in the hallway.Why? Because as we left, the line doubled in size. You walk out with your slice, loaded up with parmesan and red pepper flakes, and everyone ooh's and ahh's at the deliciousness. Jealousy abounds.Sit down on one of the couches or seats in the third floor lobby. Fold that slice long ways: for the paper airplane inclined, that's hot dog style, not hamburger style. Get that sucker in your mouth. Prepare to be amazeballed.Got our friend his re-up. Not a moment too soon. Another guy was completely passed out and the cops asked if he knew who and where he was. Not our problem; we got our guy. The pizza rejuvenated him...to lose more money gambling. You're welcome, Vegas.Went back two days later sober to make sure the pizza was legit. No line. Still was.Third floor of the Cosmo. See Jaleo or STK? It's roughly your six o'clock from there. Long hallway. Get the cheese. Or the white, if that's your style.
5	The king of all pizza joints on the West Coast.  Period.  They make an excellent piping hot thin crust pie.  It will make you forget how much money the Cosmo casino just took you for.  This is the mecca of late night eating in Vegas.  Play a round of pool, people watch on the swanky lounge chairs out front, and then devour your pie along with all of the other dolled up women and rico suaves from the clubs.
4	I love pizza; it's my favorite food. I am also very particular about how it's prepared. So I was very apprehensive about the quality of pizza I was going to get at this joint located in the cosmo in las vegas. But after a night at marquee and knowing that my room was only 5 minutes away, I decided to grin and bear it and try the place out. The line was humongous and I could have taken a taxi to and back from spring mt road during that wait, but let me tell you it was definitely worth it. The pizza here is the real deal new york style, the way I like it. The set-up is also classic corner pizzeria, none of that vegas glitz and bling. Nothing else to add, other than the wait sucks and it's like 5 bucks a slice, hence the 4 stars.
4	I dont know if it was good because we were starving, if it was a secret pizza, or if it was good so I'll say all three!
4	The best time to go to this place is during the day and off peak hours.  My brothers and I got very lucky around lunchtime on a Saturday of all days.  The line was pretty small and they had a nice variety when I went to the counter to order.  My friends got jealous when I got to order the salami and cheese fresh out of the oven.  The prices were pretty reasonable for the location it was at (Cosmo).  I think it is some of the best pizza I have eaten in years.  The crust has just the right chew and crisp.  A single slice would be sufficient due to the size but since we had a busy schedule planned we had to eat when we got the chance.  The cheese itself is bursting with each bite and never once bland.  It has the right amount of igredients to help curb that hunger on the strip.  The salami just oooooh damn I'm just drooling as I'm typing this up.  Screw the over priced buffets and bland drinks at the clubs - just give me another slice already!!!!!
4	This place is not listed on the hotel directory but outbids next to the entrance of the boulevard
5	Part III: Cosmo Food CrawlNNPK 'SECRET' PIZZAThis Pizza joint has got to be the coolest thing ever on the Strip, there's no sign, none of your normal indicators that this venue actually sells food; just a open hallway line with albums and pictures-at the end all you see is a pinball machine and a throng of people.  The waft of crusty bread and pizza sauces permeates the halls and the lobby, marketing it's own original advertisement!It's your typical Pizza Joint, Pies laid out in front with giant stacked ovens in the back; lines of people ordering and paying at the register.  The interior is remarkably chic; Carrera marble counter tops and other beautiful finishes make this the best dive to grab a cheap eat!I was unfortunately, unable to help myself; a slice of Cheese and Pepperoni + Sausage somehow got onto my plate.  The Pizzas were just right; perfect crust-almost buttery it had both the texture and flavor that makes it an undeniably New York Pizza.  The Pepperoni Sausage was super yummy, and I can just imagine this would be the perfect place for after hours dining.I had to take a pic of my favorite Pizza condiments: Parmesan, Chili Flakes and Oregano,  missing is Garlic, my frenemy (love the taste, hate the after effects of lingering garlic in my mouth and breath)
5	Probably my favorite pizza in all of Sin City. Secret Pizza is great, and it's not just because the pizza is stellar. The staff is nice and there's always some entertainment in the form of drunken twenty somethings if you're into people watching. Try the white pizza...it's life changing.
5	Secret Pizza is so much fun to take people to!  They do pizza exceptionally well...nice crispy bottom, chewy crust, great sauce.  It is not my all-time-favorite or anything, but on taste alone I'd hand out 4.5 stars.  Any two of the following puts it in a unique place that is well deserved of 5 stars for me:  It is called Secret Pizza for a reason, there are no signs; it is not located on the restaurant listing for the Cosmopolitan. Walking down the hall to a hidden gem is half the fun!  Then there is the fact that you can get a quality IPA on tap.  The wall of records is is incredibly cool, and the black & white tile fits so perfectly.Pizza + secret + atmosphere + IPA = an easy 5 stars in my book.  I will take out-of-town friends here anytime, but i'd also stop in for a slice if I was anywhere near the cosmo!
5	For someone who thinks pizza is overrated, I really like this place. But then again I've never been here sober and I probably never will.This is my go-to spot after drinking and dancing all night on the strip. I love the not-so-secret-now location and telling my out of towner friends all about it. I really love any pizza with the meatballs and I always have them add some pepperoncini's (sp) to it.The line can be hit or miss, but I've never waited less than 10-15 minutes every time I go there. It's just a fact of life that you're gonna have to wait a while so don't come here expecting prompt service. At least they have record covers of Italian musicians for you to stare at if you don't feel like staring at the fellow patrons in line. I was reminded that Madonna is Italian and learned that Chuck Mangione is a real person and not just a recurring character on King of the Hill. I tell you hhhwhat.
5	Love this Place. Always worth a Trip.
5	Yeah, this place is pretty much the SHIZZ-NIT!!!Top floor of the escalators, between the Japanese restaurant and the Spanish tapas restaurant.  Go down the loooooong hallway and you find it.  Don't ask the workers the name of the place.... shhhhhh, it's a "secret".  HA HA HA!!!Anyway, open late (so late, I can't even recall if it closes).  Definitely all the late night Marquee Nigh Club goers go here to grease down the booze they had.Get the white pizza.... love, Love, LOVE the ricotta cheese on them.  It's about $3.50 a slice, but big thin crust slices.  I'd recommend dabbing quite a bit of the oil off the top, but otherwise ENJOY.... if you can find it ;-)
5	A MUST GO!!!!Be warned though that the pizza is HOT and when you are drunk, stupid, and hungry, you will bite into it a burn the crap out of the roof of your mouth.
5	I've been here once and if no one showed me where it was, I wouldn't have found it. It really is a hole in the wall kind of place, but that doesn't make the food quality any worse. It's actually really good for a pizza joint. The only problem is the place is slightly expensive, but totally worth it and being in the Cosmopolitan I wouldn't really expect anything less. It's about $5 per slice, but the slices are pretty decent. I like the white sauce pizza, but they do have the regular red sauce. They have a wide range of toppings, but I usually get sausage or pepperoni but sometimes a combo too. Once you order they throw the slices in the oven to warm it up a bit so you do have to wait a little bit. So it does come out hot and you'll have to wait a little bit for it to cool down. When my friends and I went, there wasn't a line at all, but it blew up pretty quickly right behind us, which was surprising. It's a pretty good NY style pizza, I'll definitely be going back soon for sure for some more pizza.
4	I wouldn't go as far as saying that I'm a fan of this place, because truth be told, I only find this place to be ok on my pizza scale of bad to fantastic. But I'm giving this place 4 stars because regardless of where it falls on my personal pizza scale, it's still a great place for late night eats for cheap. The ingredients used here are all super fresh and I love that they offer fresh ricotta cheese as one of the possible ingredients. My gripe with them is the pizza dough--it sucks plain and simple. They could use a lesson from Joe D'Amore on how to make better pizza dough. Expect long lines around 1-4 am on weekends from the Marquee club crowd.
3	Okay, let's be honest here. This place is the go-to after you've had a few drinks, are pretty starved and craving some greasy goodness. This place will fulfill that devlish need if you can find it...Is it the best pizza ever? No. Does it do the trick? Yes. So why not pop in and grab a slice and join the drunken masses :)
4	secret pizza alright.. never knew the end of a creepy hallway could lead to good after-drinking food. yes, secret pizza is only good to satisfy munchies so don't expect gourmet pizza. if you have a few people with you, best to just order a pie versus a slice - each slice is like $3-4, while a pie is like $22-25. do expect a wait esp in the wee hours of the morning but it really is yum for your tum.
5	It is inside the beautiful new Cosmopolitan Hotel & Casino. That's all I'll tell you. The rest is a fun adventure-ride through outer space.
5	I love pizza, and I effing love Secret Pizza. I got the white pizza. A thin, crispy crust was topped with mozzarella, Parmesan, dollops of ricotta, & an herb-garlic spread. I can't even describe how good it was. It's a bit on the pricey side, but well worth it. My slice was $5.
5	Holla!
5	Awesome freakin pizza! Cheap n great. Go here
3	Pizza's pretty greasy, but the slices are large and could definitely satisfy those drunken munchies.
5	the secret's out! Fill up your gas tank with some cheesy pizza. Probably not such a smart idea , but when taste is on the line,  it's a sacrifice I'm willing to make!There was a long line out the door of a nameless restaurant and from the hints that the yelp reviews and hotel staff, we pinpointed that this was secret pizza. This was our go to spot when we were in a time crunch 'cause it was in the Cosmo next to marquee and in our hotel! I tried the white sauce pizza and just a plain pepperoni with sun dried tomatoes. Both were everything i was dreaming of. Thin, flavorful and chock-full of carbs! Pleas note, If you don't want something cheesy, skip the white pizza!
5	This place gets 5 big stars for (1) making REALLY tasty pizza, (2) being unpretentious, (3) having a free-to-fill water dispenser, (4) not being abusively over-priced and (5) JUST BEING THERE!I mean thank you so much for existing Secret Pizza! We came here twice during our short trip to Vegas because we NEEDED you! NEEDED. Yes! This is a great location and has nice late hours.  In a place where there is just NO PLACE to get a TASTY and affordable bite, this place is unbelievable! Why not open another one SP? We will find you!
4	Nice little place tucked away in the back corner of cosmopolitan third floor.. nice pizza
4	Wish there was more places like this in Vegas.  If you are looking for a quick, inexpensive meal...this is a great option.  It's not quite the quality of the pizza I'm used to in NY but it definitely hit the spot.
5	Simple tip: order the white pizza.
5	i work in the cosmo .. i love this place .. the pizza is bomb !! i'm a new yorker so i always looking for a great pizza joint out west.. not many out here but this spot is east coast baby  !!  :)
5	We are from New York and we take our pizza very seriously.   I heard about Secret Pizza from a friend before we came out here.    Let me just say it was worth every penny!   My husband is not a crust guy, so I usually eat his.    Not this time.   He ate it all.    We got a large pepperoni and mushroom pie.   Before we left we ate two slices each.    On the way back to MGM we encountered a homeless woman on the walkway between NYNY and the MGM.    We shared our pizza with her.    When something good comes into your life you must pay it forward!
5	Among the best pizza I've ever had- definitely the best in Vegas! Went there 2 out 2 nights on my last Vegas trip. I tried all sorts of slices, but liked the meatball and mushroom best. I don't normally like white pizza, but this one is great.Fun, mellow, atmosphere. A welcome break from all the Vegas lights and sin and what not.They had PBR and Stone IPA on tap, which was a really cool combination. Satisfied everyone who wanted beer with their pizza.Not going to lie: I ate too many slices at one point and had a tummy ache for all of the next day, but I'm about 100% sure that was my fault, not their's. It's just so good.
3	I will keep this review short and sweet, no frills pizza place no frills review.  Wow is it expensive, I understand its Vegas; but its pizza and there is only standing room here. My wife and I both had the white pizza by the slice, I added one topping and she added two.  No drinks just pizza. Total was almost $30! Only 4 slices. They were pretty good. Garlicky but tasty.  Again, standing room only. There are some seats just outside the restaurant.  Overall for the price I'd rather have something else.
3	Best pizza in the world! ...If you come here drunk and starving after partying all night at 3:00 am in the morning when everything else is closed and spend less than 10 dollars for a slice of pizza and a soda on the strip. My problem was that I was here around lunch time, no alcohol in my system but maybe some caffeine and I wasn't starving. I just wanted to try the pizza everyone else was raving about.  The place is very nice and clean, it wasn't busy at the time so I can't tell how log the pizza was sitting out there. I ordered a slice of the white pizza and the guy took the slice and put it in the oven to warm it up. The pizza came out good, the bread was a little too toasted almost like a cracker and the topping wasn't bad but a little bit too garlicky for my taste, it kept coming back, everything I ate after that had a garlic taste all through the day and conversations were kept short.Although the pizza was good, that "special pizza" everyone talks about was not delivered, I can assure you that there are a lot of better pizza places in town. So here's "the secret"......the five star pizza that they serve here is actually a three star pizza. Now you know, and for the very first time I'll agree....the book is better.
5	omg get the white pizza! just had the opportunity to finally try it and it was amazing! also if you're staying at the cosmo, call down to room service and have the secret pizza delivered straight to your hotel room to avoid the lines and wait time!
3	Secret!?!! I love secrets!... BUT question is, can I keep a secret?! Hum..  HEHEHE.This location is a secret indeed. Before I knew of this place, I accidently stumbled in without thinking much of it and walked right out. Four months later, I was told of this must try secret pizza location. And, I was there! In that area looking for food. -_- FAIL!After hearing about the super delish, must try, best ever reviews from fellow Yelpers, fams and friends. I made it a mission to try it on my next mini vaca in Vegas.My feedback:Hum.. meh, it was just okay. Maybe I was expecting too much, I am not sure. I knew for a fact, it wasn't the BEST pizza I ever had. I would say that its the better pizza joint that Vegas has on the strip. Then the question of: was everyone who had this awesome, epic pizza experiences drunk when they had it?! That's why its the best thing ever?!I decided to give this place another try when I return back in a month. Hopefully, it would be better.Notes:Seats are limited. No tables, you can eat outside the place, there is random couches seating area.They do offer pizza and soda deals.
4	This is an extremely good value if you're staying in the central part of the strip.  We were staying at Planet Hollywood, and this was just an easy walk across the over-the-strip walkway.But beware!  Make sure you find out what their hours are first and then try to go at an odd time.  If you go at normal lunch hours, for example, you're looking at an hour wait.  If you go at maybe 3pm, you'll walk right up to the counter.You have a tasty meal for under $10.  Step outside and sit in the comfy chairs of the Cosmopolitan while you watch others play pool.
5	A must eat in Vegas...We weren't even hungry but had to return to get a slice of the pie...Pretty pricey for a slice of pizza ($5 per slice) but worth it.  Had the white pizza and pepperoni.  I love thin crust and this is one of the best.  I usually don't eat the crust, but easily polished this one.  I normally wouldn't pay close to $30 for a whole pie, but then again, I don't usually spend this kind of money outside of vegas.
4	Best slice of pizza, in terms of price and quality, here on the strip.  I am so glad that Debbie was there to take us to the Pizzeria because otherwise, we would not know it is located where it did.Glanced down the hallway, I see a pinball machine.  We were told that typically, the line is super long and it could take 20 mins or so before we get to eat.  Lucky for us, we did not have to wait long.  The pizza slice is about $5.50 a slice, and additional topping cost $1 more.  A whole pie (big one too), is $27.  My bf loved it, saying that it's his kind of pizza...the thin crust with the qualitative toppings.The staff are super friendly as well.  I am a fan of the Pizzeria!
5	Best. Pizza. Ever. $5/slice is a bit pricey but well worth it. Wish this place was in L.A., all my problems would be solved.
3	If you're craving NY style pizza at 2am, you could do worse.  It's ok, a little overpriced but it's in the Cosmopolitan and I could see it would be valuable after a night of drinking.  The white pizza is pretty good, it's served hot.  The crust is nothing special however as far as NY pizza's go.
4	The pizza is better than any other choice you'll have after leaving marquee and may possibly save your life by soaking up all the liquor you've had. No sign but just follow the smell and the line of people coming out of the hallway from the marquee club exit.
3	Crust is fantastic.  Toppings are good.  Just got a slice, but whole pies look better/fresher.  $6 is 2x more than what I pay back home, so -1 star for value, but depending upon my win/loss at the tables, probably would go back.
5	Sober and ohh so good. Crust is not oily and just the perfect amount of sauce on my cheese slice. Nom nom!!!!
4	hm Yum. It really is kind of a secret, hard to find if you don't know where it is already. If you follow that hallway inside, you can get a slice or wait forever for a whole pizza. The only pizza that's worth it to me is their special white cheese pizza, mozzarella, ricotta cheese, and garlic. YUM. Awesome for a little bite but you  might need to buy 2 slices ($10 at least)
5	LOVE THIS PLACE but if you don't know where you're going you'll never find it.  Rule number one of secret pizza, TELL EVERYONE!  Start by looking for the pool tables on the third floor, then search for a dark corridor lined with framed records that leads to a pinball machine, walk down said corridor and voila you're there...or you can just ask someone. LOL!
4	They should call this place 'Top Secret Pizza' So when hunger pangs are aflurry at 0400, Secret Pizza is the spot to quell thems.  However, you don't actually know where to find the restaurant per say, so just follow where the pizza boxes are coming from.  Totally super secret - you don't even know it exists where it does, it's so well hidden. After finally finding it, you will see that the line will be out the hallway and that there is just one LONG line. Apparently, this secret isn't so secret after all.For being in such a fancy establishment, it's pretty hole in the wall.  There isn't anything fancy to it. It actually could use some mopping and/or wiping down of the counters.The pizza, frankly, it speaks for itself, and is the reason why you're here - let's just say the guys behind the counter didn't take a break from crackin out them pizzas. With a variety of slices to choose from, even white pizza *GASP* they didn't stop moving. Their pizza was THAT good!They've got beer on tap and soda too. Prices affordable. They even deliver to your room if you're staying at the Cosmo. Convenient!  Be sure to check this spot out before you leave.
4	This place is SO HARD TO FIND. For those who are using Yelp to find this place, it's on the third floor. After you get off the escalator, it's this long hallway to the left of the first dining place you see when stepping off the escalator. Hope this helps since I was searching through multiple Yelp reviews to find any bit of info!As for the food, ordered a slice of the combo pizza and the white pizza. Both slightly greasy, but delicious ($4.50 each). Also ordered a cannoli (around $4) for dessert. Really hard to find a place to sit and eat when it's packed. They have bar stools lined up against the walls (not a lot) and a pinball machine or two. Would come back for another slice. Picked up cups of water as soda was $4 each!
4	WOW. This place is SO GOOD. It's cute that it's hidden. I got a slice of the pepperoncini sausage. It was good, but I would recommend the white pizza. I won't go into detail because I'm already starting to crave it. Just get it.
4	Taste: 4/5Price: 3.5/5Rounded up to 4 overall because even if I found the prices expensive in general ($5.00/slice with one topping) it isn't for Las Vegas and for the Cosmopolitan particularly. The pizza is good and the crust is tasty.
4	Oh I love Secret Pizza, especially after a long night of dancing at Club Marquee. Ironic that the place is called Secret Pizza, because if the line at 3am is any indication, someone just told everyone about this place. Luckily, both times I went we beat the rush... or should I say set the trend (since a huge line formed right behind us both times hehe). I've had two types of pizza here the White Pizza and two item combo of Sausage and Pepperoni. The White Pizza is my fave, its toppped with ricotta and mozzarella cheese, and we usually add sausage to it. I like how there is absolutely no advertisement of the place on the Cosmopolitan website. But I guess they try to keep it a secret for those who have yet to find it. I have to admit, it was quite an accomplishment when we stumbled upon secret pizza.
5	This place is literally a secret.  It's not on the map or directory at the Cosmopolitan Hotel nor does it have a sign above the entrance saying "Secret Pizza."  It's on the 3rd floor near the elevator.  Enter a long hallway and the place is literally a hole in the wall.I came here with my boyfriend, and I had the impression that the pizzas would be more unique.  The pizzas are pre-made and each slice is popped in the oven for a few minutes as you order.  We asked the cashier what makes this pizza so great, and she replied, "It's just good pizza."For $5, we shared one slice of the white pizza, which is topped with ricotta and mozzarella cheese.  I never had an orgasm in my mouth from pizza before, and needless to say, my boyfriend and I should have gotten our own slice.  After devouring that slice of pizza, we pulled out another $5 and ordered a slice of sausage pizza.  That was also very delicious, but I prefer the white pizza.If you come with a large party, it's best to purchase an entire pizza to share since it's cheaper that way. Dominos and Pizza Hut just don't make the cut anymore.  This place is truly a treasure serving just really good pizza.  I wish there was another location in Orange County so I can fully satisfy my pizza cravings.
5	This might be the best pizza I've ever had.The prices are extremely reasonable for Las Vegas and the staff is really friendly.  I've had their cheese pizza, meat lovers pizza (HIGHLY recommend), and a slice of ricotta & meatball.  They have beer on tap (simply: PBR or IPA).  They have video games.  It has become a staple of any Vegas visit for me.
5	Wow, who was the genius that put a pizza place right next to Marquee?  That guy should be rewarded like a BOSS because having the pizza literally 30 seconds away is about as clutch as you can possibly get.  Again, this is why the Cosmo rules.Yeah, it's expensive, but what in Vegas isn't expensive?  Usually $5 a slice, and that's before you get into multiple topping slices.  Honestly though, at least the pizza is pretty damn good for $5.  Crust is has good complexion. the cheese is delicious, and the toppings are always quality.  They always make sure to stick it in the oven before they give it over to you, so it is piping hot when you get it.  Ain't no other way to eat pizza than piping hot.  My only wish is that they had chicken pesto pizza, but it's ok...I'll let you slide because your italian sausage/pepperoni and meatball pizzas are bomb as hell.Staff is great, very understanding and accommodating considering all the drunk, hungry people that pass by here between 2 to 5 AM.And not just that, but this place gets pretty entertaining because DRUNK PPL LOL.  Last time I went and waited in line, some girl was going off about how she wanted to beat the crap out of another girl, but didn't out of respect for the bachelorette party.  New night, new stories.  Ah, good times.
4	This place wasn't as hard to find as I had imagined. Many of the employees at Cosmo were very helpful in pointing out the directions along the way. The inside reminded me a lot of NYC's pizzerias and they even had those ancient arcade games you hardly ever see anymore.Though the line wasn't too bad (I came here for lunch), the price for a slice of pizza was a pretty penny. I think ~$5-6 for a slice is a bit pricey, but ordering the whole pizza isn't that much cheaper either, considering the # of toppings.The texture of my pizza was crispy and thin, I loved it. I ordered the combo slice with all the toppings. Overall, it was delicious, and a great place to stop by with friends.
3	So I had this place bookmarked for a while now, and couldn't wait to get to Vegas to try it.... First night while clubbing at the Marquee one of the girls got super drunk and we stumbled around trying to find a bathroom! Walked into Secret Pizza instead!!! umm.. yes there is no signs to this place.. of course I was excited about it since I couldn't wait to try it... WAIT WAIT... WHY ARE YOU WALKING OUT?? So they all left, no one wanted to eat! BOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Next day.... Walked in during  lunch.. 2 people.... Ordered a whole pizza! Mushroom, green peppers, and pepperoni! Took them about 25 min to prepare it, and the pizza was huge!!!! I mean I can eat, but that was really big... There wasn't enough mushrooms on the pizza which was a little disappointing to me! and there was one string of the green pepper on each slice! Good amount of cheese and ok amount of pepperoni...... It was waaay too oily for my taste... I had to dab it down with napkins to soak up the oil...  The crust was amazing though... we ended up eating half of the pizza and took the other half to go... at night while I was having my red bull vodka, I was taking the crust off of the rest of the pizza (which no longer looked appetizing) and it still tasted great... Overall the place is ok! With a little less oil and a little more ingredients it could be a 4 star place...
4	Not the best pizza in Vegas, but certainly not the worst, good quality ingredients, generous portion size (for a slice of pie) and quick service.I like !Drink prices are insane, $4 for a small soda, seriously folks, bring your own drink, other than that, good stuff.
4	Great New York-style pizza and enjoy the "secretive" aspect to the location. I love that about this place. I enjoyed a slice of meatball and mushroom while hubby had the meatball and pepperoni. Good size slices of pizza (not the obnoxious SBarros size-but a big enough size that one is enough) with a crunchy crust that I love. You can get a whole pizza if you want, but a slice is a great snack too! If you can find it, you won't regret it! :)
3	3 stars: A-OK.It's kind of the worst kept secret in town. Prices aren't exactly cheap, but it is in the Cosmopolitan and rent can't be cheap.It's one of those places where they charge what they charge because they can. Like when you go to Disneyland and a bottle of water is $6 bucks. If you're desperate enough, you'll pay the $6 and be happy about it. Consider it a convenience tax.They have nice pepperoni and they have a bianca with ricotta, which is kind of a dying breed these days.It's good to have this spot in your back pocket if you're on the strip and dying for hot food and you've only got a hamilton in your pocket and lost all your credit cards. It's not destination pizza. You don't make plans to come here specifically to eat the pizza. You eat the pizza here because you can.
4	Some of the best pizza I've ever had!We had a little bit of trouble finding it because my sister had been there before and we were walking around on the wrong floor too stubborn to ask for help but as soon as we asked someone for help we were pointed in the right direction. We were a little put off by the $5/slice pricetag but my dad, sister, and I each ordered a piece. The crust came out perfectly and was so crisp without being burnt. I loved that they had shakers of oregano and garlic powder in addition to the usual red pepper and parmesan cheese. My mom decided not to order a piece but ended up taking multiple bites of all of our pizzas because it was so good! If you want a quick cheap snack, I would definitely recommend Secret Pizza!
5	White ricotta pizza is Amazing. Garlic was perfect.
5	As someone from the Bay Area who's eaten at Cheese Board pizza, this place is as good, if not better.Legit NY style pizza joint, with great ingredients.LOVE the white pizza...and the crust is so good!  AND it's in the Cosmo, in Vegas, at SUPER affordable pricing.  You can't beat this.
4	4 stars for the interesting no name 24 hour pizza join hidden in the Cosmopolitan for their yummy pizza!Came here back in June after reading about it on Yelp.  My one problem was that I really wasn't that good at finding anything that's "hidden".  Well, lucky for me my boyfriend was around and it really wasn't that hidden.  Just follow the smell of pizza and the trail of people with paper plates. So it's pizza by the slice any way you want it and it is by no means cheap but it's Vegas and it's in the Cosmopolitan, are you really surprised?  The pizza is really good, not top notch but pretty damn good.  It's got that nice crispy crust with the ooey gooey cheese and whatever the heck you want on top.  The toppings are fresh and delicious!Seating isn't great and depending on how busy it is it could be a hot mess.  They've got counter seating and it's extremely limited.  You can always walk it out to the couches down the hall and have a seat there.  Boyfriend and I managed to score seats next to a couple of drunk idiots, but hey it's Vegas.
2	This is not a secret. It's a goddamn pizza spot, inside of a really popular hotel/casino, with a ridiculously long line. It's hard to miss.The pizza is fine. But is a slice of pizza worth $5? Is a slice of pizza worth waiting in line for an hour or more? Never. It's offensive and makes this place even dumber than its name.
3	I am not sure what the big deal is, unless people are just really excited to find someone edible and cheap in Las Vegas. The pizza was good, sure, but it didn't rank up there as "best pizza I've had" or "most memorable pizza of my life." It was just moderately not excessively greasy, moderately tasty thin crust pizza. The much vaunted white pizza is just white cheese on thin crust, nothing all that tremendously unique or special. However the prices are low for the Cosmopolitan and if you were drunk, this pizza would probably seem amazing. I would go back for a bite.
4	Found this yummy hidden gem after clubbing at Marquee. It is tucked away right by Marquee's entrance, but there's no name so it's hard to find (hence the SECRET part, heh). We rolled in a little after 4am and there was a LONG line, but we were hungry so we waited. We chatted up with a nice guy that was in front of us, which made the wait go by a little quicker. Love when I don't encounter creepy guys in Vegas! Lol.I ended up getting a combo of pepperoni and meatballs. It was really good and I believe it was just under $5 for a generous slice. I kind of regret not getting their white pizza though, since everyone says it's their best one. I'd definitely come back, but next time I'll try to come at a better time when I won't have to wait as long.Guess this place is no secret anymore!!
3	I've had better pizza in downtown LA. I think the only reason this place gets such high ratings is because people are shitfaced, stumbling out of Marquee when they eat. Perhaps I just had really high standards for this place after seeing the great reviews. I ordered the mushroom and garlic, and I thought it was a bit dry and the crust too hard. Come during dinner hours and not after club if you don't want to line up!
5	SECRET PIZZA! I'm glad my friend showed me this place, because for suuuure I would've have been able to find it. It's a cute little pizza shop down a hall way on the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan. They have a good selection of pizza, veggies, meats you name it. It's sooo good here. I think it's the best I've had since new york! I had the sundried tomatoes, pepperoncini, and green bell peppers. Their slices are huge, but with my HUGE appetite I had two slices and I was STUFFED! You need to visit this place! That is... if you can find it ;)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?selected=aUEiGRhpkJD9VCiVsCViNw#0s9OEpePpWnwofyt5Z_K4Q
3	Awesome late night hour service with above average pizza. Crispy crust and ok pizza. Only place open but we paid $14 for 2 slices. Depends in how hungry you are :-)
4	My review will strictly be on what I ordered:White Pizza - Fantastic and straight to the point.  Cheesy without being overwhelming and heavy.  1 slice is all you really need to reach contentment unless you're someone with an over-sized appetite.  Pizza is always coming out fresh.  Huge globs of ricotta, total score.  I prefer my white pizzas a little on the creamier side, but this was good enough.  Can't complaint about a $5 slice if you're in Vegas.  Great for late night eats especially if you're staying at the hotel.OVERALL:  Great people, love the man behind the counter.  Quick service as well.Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
5	I still dream of this pizza....I could confidently say that this was the best slice of cheese pizza I have ever had. The crust is uh-mazing, crunchy yet soft. The sauce was yummy! I hear the white pizza is amazing, definitely going to try that next.The line is worth it, so stick it out! I had to listen to this drunk girl for 30 minutes blab on about how she didn't sleep with the entire hockey team, but it was all worth it in the end!
3	3.5 starsLocation: third floor of Cosmo (floor dedicated to food at the top). When you go up the escalator you should see a lounge-ish area to your left (some chairs, etc.). Walk over there. Then look to your right. You should see a short walkway where the walls are lined with old records and the like. Bam! Secret Pizza entrance. Pizza: Pizza was a-ok. We got one piece of pepperoni and some sort of sausage and another piece with pepperoni and mushroom. Tasty and thin without being burnt. I can't say this is the best pizza ever (not even close) but a good and (relatively) cheap bite to eat. ("relatively" because it still seemed pricey to me for what it was). Oh! And they have a Galaga arcade game you can play for 50 cents. Warning! The controller has some serious jamming issues, though!
5	Drunk.Might puke.4 a.m.Can't stand up straight.Prop against wall.This line is long.This is taking forever.Finally...I'm ordering."Give me two pizzas...whatever."HOLY CRAP. $80. :(Waiting for pizza sucks.Get pizzas...stumble out.Innocent bystander - "Hey bro I'll buy a slice of pizza off of you for $10"No.Sit down...eat pizza...F*&#! I burnt my mouth!Grease, on my new Vegas shirt. :\Oh well......SO WORTH IT.
5	Womp..... OF COURSE THIS PLACE GETS 5 STARS.Trust me, I wanted to break the best-pizza-ever-i-promise streak!!!! But... its THE BEST PIZZA EVER, I PROMISE! I lived in the New Jersey/New York area for quite some time so I've tried pizzas from Hoboken to Brooklyn. Let me tell you, this pizza can DEFINITELY compare. I swear there's something in their water. Their crust made me jizz my pants. If there's a line.. just WAIT. Please experience this ride for yourself.Takes your pizza dreams where they've never gone before. Also, they offer hipster beers (pbr, etc) for cheaps!Can't wait for another marquee/secret pizza night in VLV.
4	Hands down the best value and not-so-well-kept secret in the Cosmopolitan Hotel. A friend who'd been here before introduced the rest of us to it and we loved it! After getting some expensive munchies at China Poblano we were ready to fill the rest of our stomachs for a lot less, and Secret Pizza delivered. You go down an unmarked hallway on the 2nd floor and it leads to a teeny little hole-in-wall pizza joint like ones you find on virtually every street corner in NY. The guys keep the huge pies coming, which you get by the slice. A slice will run you about $5, depending on toppings and with a draft of PBR it's almost $10 but that's really a bargain in these parts. 'Sides, the pizza is legitimately good. Big and floppy but with a crunch to the crust, it really made me feel nostalgic for the NY slices I used to get. There was a bit of a rush when we got there but the turnover's pretty fast so you should be able to squeeze into some counter space, unless you get there late night, when the real rush is on, with everyone wanting to get some grub on after clubbing or whatever. I did end up coming here again after such a late-night venture and it tasted even better, naturally. If you find yourself in the Cosmo, your visit isn't complete without a slice from Secret Pizza.
3	3.5 stars.. I suspect the reason this place has such good reviews is because most people are drunk when they go there. I was at Marquee the night before but didn't go... but I could see how it would've tasted amazing at the time.Got a whole pie for $30 Sunday around noon and there was barely a wait. The pizza was pretty good but definitely not the best I've ever had. We also got some of the pickled peppers which were pretty good though slightly sweet. Four of us split the pizza -- at $8/person it's a pretty good deal for Vegas, and you'll definitely feel full.
5	definitely one of my favorite pizza spots ever! and it tastes even better when you are drunk borderline blacked out-- the line may be intimidating... but trust me it's worth it!
4	Ugh :-( I despise being disappointed by an overhyped joint such as secret pizza. The food is good alright! The meatball ricotta is meaty, vegetarian pizza reminds me of Costco pizza (in a good way), the crust is thin and crunchy. It was all good. Nonetheless, hearing all the praises from yelp and friends and having this illusion about how amazing the pizza here is, I have finally gotten to experience it myself and it fell short of my expectations. Please do not believe the hype. Enjoy your pizza just for what it is and it will probably taste infinitely better.Beware of young adults who just exited marquee and entered this place to alleviate their drunchies.
5	This pizza joint is down an unassuming hallway close to the Marquee Nightclub. After a night of drinking, this is definitely a place to go. I don't think you can go wrong with any pizza here especially if you are buzz. The pizza costs $5 per slice and it's worth it!There were plenty of seating and  a big lounge area outside of the parlor. If Marquee is not popping, the wait is minimal and you can feel a bit more relax while scarfing down the slices. If it is, be ready to wait a bit!There's no signage so look for a hallway covered with records!
4	Get a slice.. or the whole pizza. Not pricey at all (for Vegas). Definitely overhyped but it does satisfy with its oily and greasy goodness. Especially good at 4am after you drag your drunken and danced-out bum out of Marquee and are in dire need of some savory carbs. A custom-made, pizza takes about twenty minutes to make. I give this place props for staying open til 5am because they have to deal with some intolerable drunks. Kudos to you guys.
4	Um, YUM. This place ain't so secret anymore. For you newbies, I'm going to keep you guessing, but I would imagine that just scrolling through a few of these reviews would pinpoint this place for you. Hint: Look for the hall...Plain and simple, Secret Pizza REALLY needs to be renamed. How about Scrumptious Secret Pizza? But really, this place is so damn good. I've been about half a dozen times now and I've had a consistently tasty product. They have various pre-made pizzas, and then they stick the slice(s) in the oven once ordered. Sounds cheap and "not good," but let me tell you, IT'S GOOD. I love their flattened meatballs and their large pepperoni slices. Hell, it's all good. The crust is really what helps make this pizza way above average..crunchy yet a bit chewy and dusted with flour on the ends. Again..yum. Plain pieces of cheese pie run $4.50, and each topping is $0.50. My meat-lover's slice I had in December ran $6 but it was so worth it. TIP: This place's peak hours tend to be when all the drunkies leave Marquee post 1 or 2 AM (uh...guilty). Be prepared to wait maybe even 30 minutes for that late night snack to soak up all of the alcohol you may have just imbibed in Marquee. Beware: You want a soda? That'll cost you $4, and it's served in a red solo cup. wait...what? Unfortunately, I have to take the ambiance into account...and SP is not exactly what I consider pleasing. Yes, I understand that it went for the New York parlor pizza type of replication, but there are some sketchy people in here pretty often (last time there was a pimp...you just know when you see one).However, the staff I've encountered have been pretty laid back and cool. They'll slice your piece in half if you ask!
4	The fact that it's a secret makes the experience so much better. No, really. I'd even venture to say that the covert nature of this place gives the food more credit than it deserves, but the food itself is still actually really, really good, so it's not just hype at work here. The pizza is delicious. They make things simple for you, giving you the choice of standard or white cheese pizza and a few toppings. I'd recommend the white cheese pizza with just one or two toppings. You will rejoice, especially if you are a thin-crust fan. It's great. It's not the best pizza ever, and it could benefit from being less greasy - I think people would be much less forgiving of the copious amounts of grease if this were a standard joint, for example - but it's great pizza, and it'll at least be one of the most memorable slices you'll have. They also serve a few desserts; I've only had the New York Cheesecake, which is pretty good, but is definitely overshadowed by the pizza. It's a convenient, in-theme dessert, more or less. The staff is a bit split; some of the staff are engaging and receptive, eager to help the lucky wandered-in tourists, while others are surprisingly impatient and blatantly unhappy. In the end they all make awesome pies fresh through-out the day, and it's an over-the-counter place, so it's not too much of an issue. As for the place itself, there's a lot of character in the decor - it's worth a look into the place (if you can find it), even if you're not interested in the food. Ultimately, the place undeniably gets a bit more attention than it should because of the secretive set-up, but considering everything, it's a great food experience.
4	Pretty solid pizza joint. Now, let me preface, I am staying at the Cosmo......would I trek up and down the strip searching for this place if I wasn't staying here?? Maybe. I would say if you are in the nearby vicinity and have a hankering for a decent pie that wont break the bank this is a great place to check out.
4	Located on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan, I'm not sure how much of a "secret" this place is anymore. Well at least for those of us who live here. I've been here a few times now and each time have really enjoyed my experience. It's nice after a show or having met friends on the Strip to just run in and grab a slice. Most of the time that's all I'm really needing anyhow.Once you get down the hallway you walk into what looks like any slice pizzeria I've ever been in. You wait in line, order up a big slice of whatever they have made in the last 10 minutes, and find a little counter space to enjoy pizza and wine/beer. Every time I've been here they I've gotten through the line quickly, the staff  has been friendly, and the pizza has been good. It is a bit pricey for a slice but you're on the Strip so that's what can be expected. If you weren't being overcharged then it wouldn't be a Las Vegas restaurant. All in all I like this place and will probably stop in again if I'm dragged to the Strip.
3	This place gets a lot of hype for it's gimmick of being 'secret', which is well overdone by now, and the cool hallway that leads to it. It's a great place to get pizza after everything else is closed (or even before) whole or just a slice, though getting a whole pie is cheaper than getting a few slices, and you get to look cool coming out with a pizza box. People will envy you.The white pizza is really good, and so is the plain cheese. It gets pricey when you want to get drinks and dessert from them as well, and sometimes, depending on the time, you might have to wait for a while.The staff has always been very nice; one time we ordered a whole pizza, and the guy ended up burning one half. He gave us the good half and made another one, so we got half a pizza for free, but had to wait a half hour extra (if you get a whole pie be prepared to wait a while).Overall the pizza is pretty good for being right on the strip, and it's great for late night hungry pains.
5	"Belee dat"  I can officially confirm the hype.It should be Pizza Counter With No Name and not Secret Pizza... not important though.  It was fun tracking through the Cosmo with my swerve on trying to find this place.  It took about 45 minutes.We ordered the white pizza.  The crust is thin and holds up well when folded.   The crust was crispy on the bottom and had a slight chew to it.  The crust was perfect.  I would like a comforter made for my bed from this crust.The pizza was topped off with a perfect melody of garlic and ricotta.  If someone stole my car and left me 2 of these pizzas in the parking spot, I think I would be happy.  Later that night I dreamed I was in bed with Selma Hyeck.  She was wearing a white tank top with no bra and my boxer shorts. We were watching Married With Children laughing having a good time.  I was eating a whole white pizza from this Pizza Place With No Name.  She reached inside the pizza box and tried to grab a piece.  I quickly moved the box from her reach and said "My Pizza."  Then I kicked Selma out of bed, and said "go sleep on the couch CRAZY!"  She apologized and slept at the foot of the bed.In reality, this place gets a lot of attention because most pizza joints in this town suck!  With that being said, The Best Pizza in Las Vegas.
4	I love the simplicity of this place. I would think that its in the Cosmo hotel that it will be very fancy, artsy and complicated but no its just a little hidden pizza shop that you would find in New York. You can tell it is very fresh, theres only like 3-4 pizzas to choose from. The best thing is the location, right across from the popular Marquee. This type of food is way better than earls sandwiches on a drunk night.
4	Once I found out about this place, I always have to get pizza here after clubbing at Marquee! I don't eat meat so the white sauce pizza is what sells me on this place. It is delicious! My friends are all carnivores so we got a pepperoni pizza pie the first night, but they were all raving about the white sauce pizza the second night. If you go after 2pm, prepare for a long line and sometimes, creepy drunk guys. And if you are ordering an entire pizza pie, plan to wait at least 40 minutes longer. However, if you don't mind waiting and find watching drunk people entertaining, then you should definitely try this place out!
5	Long time eater, first time reviewer. This no-name pizza joint has some of the best pizza I've ever had the pleasure of eating. Excellent grab and go dining option at Cosmo. My number one tip would be to get the white pizza. I know, i know... it doesn't have any meat on it. Thats okay. It is, IMHO, better than any of the meat pizzas served up here. Great option to soak up the alcohol after a night of clubbing at Marquee. Very limited seating, but you can just grab a slice and head outside to the communal area to play pool. Late night eaters can sit along the Jaleo's patio seats, since the restaurant is closed.
5	What the hell, what kind of a secret pizza place is this at 3AM in the morning with a line going out the door. This place is not a secret by any means, but it's damn good. Thin and large slices of NY styled pizza that taste like heaven when you're drunk and hungry near Cosmo. Katie B. took the words right out of my mouth because the best part of this place is watching and talking to the inebriated individuals that have no clue what they're saying while bumping into you left and right. Entertaining? I think so. I seriously think having such a narrow and long hallway for waiting in line isn't because they want people to feel claustrophobic, it's because they want to make it easy for the confused drunk people to stand in line. Don't expect to eat inside, there are like four chairs and people standing everywhere waiting for their pizza. We tried the white pizza with ricotta and the peppers pizza. Both were delicious, but I had to remove the layer of oil sitting on the pizza. Come here for a good time and satisfy your pizza cravings while you're at it!
4	After a million (10) people telling me that this no name pizza joint was the best pizza ever, after a great night at Marquee, we had to try it. We had mushroom, vegetarian, white, cheese and something else and I thought it was a good slice of pizza but definitely not nearly as good as the reviews are saying. Maybe it's because everyone who recommended it had it while they were drunk as hell or just don't get out enough and explore with pizza but it was really not all that. They don't serve any pizza with chicken on it nor do they have ranch!!!! How disappointing. My 4 stars is because I feel bad giving them less, and $4.50 a slice is a little steep but I would pay double/triple if it was amazing which it wasn't. I'm sure if you are drunk, it is the best pizza ever, but room service at the Cosmo is WAY better.
3	The secret's out.For a big secret, a lot of people know about it.  The line can stretch down the skinny hallway, and out the door during the wee hours of the morning.  The pizza is delectable and holds to ll of the finest new york style pizzas.  they also have beer on tap to help wash down your yummy slice of pie.
4	All my friends know, after a long night out my first instinct is to go home and go to sleep. After hanging out at the Chandelier bar, my friend took me to the Secret Pizza next to Marquee. We were there slightly before the drunken crowd was about to get out, so we didn't have a long line. But it was pretty awesome going down dark hallway and seeing a tiny pizza kitchen! They really have a great business going on, they make the pizza's pretty fast and knowing their main clientele will be hungry drunks, they charge $4 for a slice! Not going to lie drunk or sober, it's pretty delicious. The New York style thin curst cheese pizza was worth it! I don't like eating after a certain time but the pizza hit the spot! Definitely going back to this place.
4	Pricy, but not so much compared to other things on the Strip, and it tasted pretty good.
4	It's just like any other pizza, except it isn't.The slices here are crisp and greasy, but expensive if you're paying attention. The foodie in me was slightly underwhelmed. Did I really just pay $12 for two slices of pizza?I did, and it was the most incredible drunk meal I've ever had.
5	Awesome pizza! Awesome people! I kind of wanted to take a star off for the price of the drinks, $4 for a red solo cup, but then it is free refills so I guess that's not bad.  Each slice was about $5.  I sampled the pepperoni and mushroom and the cheese garlic pizzas.  Both were really good.  The cheese garlic one was the best! So much flavor.  This place is worth the visit.
5	Good for NY style pizza after drinks.
5	I LOVE SECRET PIZZA. When it's delivered to me in the hotel room, when I have to stand in line, or especially when there's no line at all.Obviously, it's not so secret anymore & the price isn't exactly "inexpensive," but not much is expected when it's located in the Cosmopolitan in the middle of the Vegas strip. The white pizza is delicious, the mushroom olive pizza is delicious, and the pepperoni sausage pizza is delicious. A great greasy way to begin the night before drinking (to help with the getting too blacked out drunk) or to end the night (to soak up the alcohol!). Definitely gets a little bit used to finding this place though, located in between two restaurants through a skinny little hallway filled with frames of records. The place is your typical over the counter pizza place.. but better.
4	I cant believe I haven't written about Secret Pizza before. Located in the ultra-douchy Cosmopolitan Hotel (way more than a little bit of wrong), 3rd floor in between Blue Ribbon and Jaleo. Trust me, late nights this place is far from a secret as the line will stretch all the way from the counter down a really long hallway that's adorned with record covers. Naturally said line will be filled with drunken loud mouth assholes, ignore them and keep your eye on the prize and you shall me rewarded with greatness. The service is kind of rude but I guess I would be bitchy too if I were dealing with stupid drunkards all night long. Anyways, they had Stone IPA on tap for $5, hell yeah! Now I can be a drunkard too with skunky IPA breath! Anyways you can order up huge slices of pizza from whats already on the counter or you can order a whole pie. We usually opt for the whole pie and adorn it with mozzarella, meatballs and fresh garlic, no sauce. It comes in a box, natch, but this box is super portable.. you can take your pizza to the area over by the conference rooms where there are tons of lounge spaces and not a soul around. My gawd this pizza is amazing! The crust is perfectly chewy with just the right amount of crispiness along the edges. I love the stringy melted cheese and thick slabs of meatball in every bite. Slurping my IPA along with this killer pizza made the wait all worth while.
4	Lets say ..I am not a big fan of pizza..I eat it, I somehow enjoy it but you will never hear me say "oh man I want some ZA" ...but this spot is the bomb dot com. SOOOO simple, yet soooo good. How didn't they think about a spot like that somewhere else is something I don't understand. But the cosmo did a great job with the concept and the location.If you ask employees..they wont tell you and deny its existant. I like that..kinda keeps the mood of its "secretness" and makes it more exciting. Then when you gt there it's a pizza , soda and beer place ..that is it. But man..it really doesn't need anything else!!The price can get a little high, but the large pie is pretty big. The wait tog et your pizza cooked can be a little annoying specially if its packed like it usually is. This is the biggest down side for me, because I hate waiting , I hate big lines..but I do understand that sometimes for good food there should be some sacrifices made.Seats are very limited...actually space is very limited so plan on either standing up or taking your pizza to go.Does it worth it?? For pizza fans def does..for me...well Ill wait if the line is little if not...ill just come another time.This is a thin crust pizza , with plenty of flavor and character.Def recommending it to you guys . should I tell you exactly where it is?? Nah...Ill let you suffer
5	We lost a good one; Ms Winnie H...  Vanished, kaput, finito, so long wherever you may be.  Such good things never last where all traces have disappeared and have gone without merit.  Secrets are kept and reasons retained under lock and key.  Whatever it may be, I dedicate this one to thee.After seeing so many reviews of this worst kept Vegas secret, I finally ventured up two flights of escalators in the City of Sin, where whispers stay and never leave closed lips.  The Cosmopolitan hide-out comes to light as one ventures down a dingy hallway of framed magazine covers dimly lit by spotlight halogen lights (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA#4bjZhYMwuBLPOZoW6DI9MA).  It's but a small 60'x60' room filled with a few pinball wizards and people patiently waiting for a slice of heavenly pie (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=o7wcJPIoRt13Dx7coGNEtw#o7wcJPIoRt13Dx7coGNEtw).  Behind the counter, workers pound and toss their gooey dough (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA#lW79LoJSUg1RwIPrp_kAKw), making sliced triangles ranging from $4.50 on up based on 50 cents a topping.  For those with a more voracious appetite a pie be available with prices ranging from $25 to a deluxe of $35.00.  Pie additions cost $2.50 each.  Quite expensive, but not on my "Lost Wages" radar, as I wanted it by the slice and by the slice I did receive.  The toppings looked plain and just nominally adequate as they sit in their aluminum bins just waiting to be tossed sporadically on round pie pans laid with golden flour.  The prices of drinks are on par with private Taoish bars:  Sodas 4 bucks, IPAs 7 bucks.  Good Ol' PBR sewer agua a ghastly 5 bucks.We asked the chef what be best in his opinion.  Although we weren't really impressed with what was presented, we opted to go with his picks of white, deluxe, and veggie-tar-e-yan (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA#VpTrXV0-B3IXvr2iCQiTtQ) (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA#ns2AT1cd63Rihd8BiVwDqw) (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA#Kh_DKlGnEKPQcgDBnzmw2g) (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA#yYP2x9gRAHoDEx9R5E_1dw).   Various choices to choose:(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA#qCog__OGMqN2fhJxaHZx7w)(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA#q3VPFuV-SQjXhIab6f_9aQ)We paid and waited just as patiently as others, noticing everyone kept within their small cliques, or busily eying their mobiles (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA#c9cbpz6hdIG_qINg5huokg).  The slices returned to the broiler and there they sat, until our names were called and then it begat!No idea if I be drunk or needed to be buzzin' to enjoy these hot tempting pie slices, but whatever it was, it really worked for me.  It was but a warm slice of heaven that was on par with some of the best I've put in my mouth without worrying about spitting up some hairball.  The crust was just crisp enough with the flexibility of NY-stylin' that wrapped around my hand.  Just enough grease and just enough cheese, the deluxe was nothing but 5-star tasting'.  We ate at the small alcove bar to take in and enjoy the happening surroundings.  I actually think the re-heating is probably the key to getting the crust texture just right.It was such a pleasure to finally unravel your secret, and while the surroundings are a bit crewed, as long as you're with friends or loved ones this place can satisfy any of your late night whims.  I will loyally keep the secret of this unnamed hallway as faithfully as a yelper should.  The last buck stops here (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA#acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA)!
5	I love the white pizza.  Sooo good.  Ugh.  I want some now.  I am not at the Cosmo often...being an old Mom and all but when I am I always stop by and grab a slice or even a whole pie to take home.  I've also tried other varieties but always come back to good ole white.  It is just so good.  There is usually a line but it moves pretty quick.  I love the old school video games and checking out the album covers.  Def a great late night spot if your are in the Cosmo or anywhere near City Center.  I am guilty of parking at Cosmo just so I can grab some pizza on the way home.
5	Pizza is perfection. Finally some good pizza in Las Vegas. We went back two days in a row. By the way, a better deal is a whole pizza for $25. It takes forever to get one though.
4	So much for being the secret pizza place when everyone now knows of its existence.  Oh well, the more the merrier!  Love their pizzas here; their white pizza is my favorite!  It's a tad bit expensive but totally worth it.  Also a great place to eat after a fun night out at Marquee!
5	We were coming in from a late night about 2:30 AM, and we were looking for food! We went to the second floor where the "restaurants" are, and we couldn't find anything. We decided to take a look on the third floor. Ran into the body guards for the Marquee, and they told us down this secret hallway and found this great pizza place.We were joking around calling it "Secret Pizza" because there is NO SIGN, and no name. Found it on yelp that it is actually called SECRET PIZZA! If you need food at 3 am, this is the place to find. 3rd floor. down a hallway that looks like an arcade. bam.
5	AAAaaaahhhhhmazing! Food on the strip is so expensive so one would expect that it would be delicious and that's not always the case. Secret pizza is one of the FEW exceptions! The white pizza is to die for! its so delicious and that really saying something since there's like a million pizza places on the strip. Its a bit pricey but sooooo totally worth it!
5	Las Vegas' worst kept secret!In a sea of overpriced food and tiny portions, it's nice to have a cheaper alternative that still tastes good! It's hard to beat $5/slice on the strip! $22 for the whole pie!You can find this pizza place inside The Cosmopolitan. There is no sign. There is no name. Just a hallway leading to a small room that serves some damn good pizza!This place really honors the New York style pizza. Thin crust at its finest! I usually don't like eating the crust at the end, but I couldn't get enough of it! There's just enough crust, but their crust is so flavorful. I could eat just a whole pie of that crust!Their white pizza is the best!! Three different kinds of cheese with no red sauce. Sooooo good! It's like the best cheesy bread you'll ever have! I love the dollops of fresh ricotta that's on it. Their red sauce options are pretty good also, but the white pizza is the best!By the way, they're open ridiculously late! Totally awesome after a night of drinking at the club! Unfortunately, I didn't find out about this place until the last day of my trip, so I didn't get to taste how freakishly awesome their pizza must taste while drunk. There's a line here during peak hours! But the wait is toooootally worth it!
4	Closest I've come to New York pizza, which will always hold my heart as #1 pizza on Earth!THIN CRUST OVER ANY OTHER TYPE OF PIZZA!Every slice is a bit of heaven! If I couldn't get fat, I would have a pizza only diet (http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ll075po7cH1qbyk3yo1_500.png). ^_^ I have to stop by whenever I'm in viva las Vegas! I dont even want to mention it, in case they ever run out for all the yelpers eating my pizza.. but you have to get extra sundried tomatoes on any slice of pizza you have. THEY ARE SO FLAVORFUL AND DELICIOUS!!!!! They really make the pizza. You're welcome.Open 24/7. Moderately priced! $5 bucks a slice. Located in Cosmo. "Secret" location not listed in directory, but you can find it in other yelp review/tips! Yum yum save me a slice :)
4	I doubt it's still a secret as to how to find this joint, but just in case someone needs a tip: There's a hallway on the third floor of The Cosmopolitan between Blue Ribbon and Jaleo. If you're coming up the escalators, it'll be almost directly in front of you.I've had their pizza a handful of times and have always enjoyed it. Today was no exception. I went with something simple: Their white pie (garlic sauce and healthy chunks of ricotta cheese) with sundried tomatoes. Deeee-licious! Their crust is fantastic (LOVE thin crust). Now, it's not my absolute favorite white sauce, but it's still damn good. And if you're not a white sauce fan, their red sauce is fabulous too. Also, if you're not on the go or in a hurry, get the whole pie and take it home! Worth the savings (a slice of white pie is $5 compared to a whole white pie for $30). Oh, but pass on the fountain drink though; it's a red Solo cup for four bucks. Yikes.
2	I will admit I ate the secret pizza after leaving Marquee at 2am... It was a fun night and I really wanted to have some of this blow-my-brains-out-awesomeness that everyone seems to be raving about... huge disappointment for me.  Yes, it may be the whole hype that got my expectation up but it was okay... good... but definitely not something that i care to go back to.  It was more of a place you go once to go and then you never have to go again lol  The slice was thin which I adore thin crust... but it was pretty doughy which I dont like and it shouldnt be like that! Its suppose to have that crunch on the outside with the soft interior but nope! not this slice I had or the bite I stole from my fiance (and it was two different type of pizza so its not one of those "you got the bad one this one time").
2	This place totally IS a secret. I had no idea where they were. I knew they were in the COSMOPOLITAN but once I got in I couldn't find them. There are no signs that point to their location that I knew of. The establishment itself didn't even have a sign upon entering. I found out that they were LOCATED on the 3rd floor of the cosmo. There is an entrance hallway next to the pool table and escalators. I should have looked on the yelp reviews but I didn't so I just asked a hotel worker. The ENVIRONMENT was exactly what I expected, SMALL with no tables to sit. They have a counter and that's about it. They do have an arcade machine which kept my son entertained while we waited. This place gets really busy so you will have to take your food to go (Don't know where though) or eat standing up. The SERVICE was not a good experience.  We were the only ones there at the time we walked in and we had no greeting whatsoever. Then, it took about a couple minutes for someone to even take our order. Next came the over promising. Since I ordered an entire pie, I was told that there was a pie in the oven and it would be about 10 minutes. That pie that was in the oven...you know the one the guy said was for us...well, it did not go to us. Nor did the second pie. On the third pie, we had to go back to the counter and remind them we were still waiting.  Only then did finally we get it. No apology. That is my pet peeve.   The QUALITY of the PIZZA was such a disappointment.  Since there were 5 of us, we just ordered the entire pie because it was a better value. Each slice is about 5 dollars and the entire pie is about 27 dollars depending on which one you get.  Our choice was pepperoni.  I understand that sometimes people can order the wrong item but, in this case, I doubt it would have made any difference.  First, their pizza is thin crust which is fine. I like thin crust pizza but the crust is very soft and limp which made it hard to eat. Kinda like a new yorker but worse..almost uncooked.  It just kept flapping all over the place and going limp just prior to getting in my mouth. Second, it was very very oily. I'm talking about Pizza Hut type sprayed on oil dipped in more oil. I had pizza juice running all over my hands and mouth.  Some of you might like that, which is totally cool but not for me. I am going to give it two stars though because I don't think I can ever give any pizza joint 1 star. Plus, the employees did speak in a friendly manner. Even though they did not serve us well.  Bottom line is, the name matches perfectly. Nobody should know about this place.
4	Don't know how much of a 'secret' it really is but its found in the Cosmo next to Jaleo. No name, no sign, just a hallway loaded with framed photos and first thing you see at the end of the hall are 2 pinball machines and a flat screen tv hanging from the wall. At first I thought this was one of those casino arcades but my sister assured me theres a pizza place inside. Going all the way in, sure enough it's there. Pretty small area, no frills, one of those menu boards where you can snap plastic letters onto it. Board did mention they have house made pickled peppers but didn't try those. One downside there was no open view of the toppings or posted anywhere unless I totally missed it. They sell by the slice or 16" whole pies so they had a few pies you could see over the counter. The sausage and pepperocinis on white sauce looked intriguing. We ordered half of that and other half had sun-dried tomatoes. Ricotta comes on top of all white pizzas too.The pizza is NY style and it didn't disappoint in that aspect. It was very flavorful. Slices were big n floppy. Nice and thin, crust was nice and chewy. Edge crust still had a nice slight crispness on the outside. Pretty good if you're looking for a decent NY style pizza fix on or near the strip. A bit pricey($34.50 whole pie 1.5 topping)but theres not alot that isnt on the strip. White garlic sauce was good with the ricotta but I'd probably still prefer the Gilroy pizza during happy hour at Sierra Gold tavern. Especially when its only $10 for a whole 16" during those special times and an awesome pizza to boot.
4	Great pizza at The Cosmo!  It's on the third floor, around the corner from Holstein's... in sort of a hidden alleyway.  It's not so "secret" anymore because it seems like everyone knows about this place now.I tried the white pizza, pepperoni, and the sausage/banana pepper pizzas.  My favorite was definitely the white pizza.  Who can resist white sauce, ricotta cheese, and GARLIC on pizza?  It was also the one that was the least soggy and held up the best.  I love myself a thin-crust, firm NY-style pizza.  At $5 it's really pricey for just a slice of pizza though.I will be back (again and again and again!).
2	Really??? Really that good?? So one evening, me and my wife decided to really go and find this mystical secret pizza. I mean, you have 1000 review, so you better be good right? Well, after searching and ending up asking one of my good friend that happen to be a manager at blue ribbon restaurant. Amazingly its next to blue ribbon inside a small alley. We find it and we tried it. Amazing??? No, Cheap, yes. Unforgettable?? Hardly.Its just like regular pizza really. You want a good pizza for a super deal and taste absolutely magnificent go to Trevi in Cesar Palace. Monster size pizza for $15 dollars. The whole 13 inch of pizza with 8 slice not 1 slice and taste so so. A one and done for me. Regretted not eating at blue ribbon since we specially hunt out this supposedly secret place.
4	Vegas has a serious lack of great pizza places. Thankfully The Secret Pizza Place helps make up for that. Delicious and thin slices ready to go!! Fun to take dates or visitors to Sin City as it is a "secret."
5	Hidden little gem in Cosmopolitan hotel! This place has no signs, and they do not advertise it. It's one of those... if you know about it type of thing. Funny thing is, I learned about Secret Pizza in an airplane, and knew I just had to try it for myself.  It's tucked away in a little hallway, full of people who just got done clubbing. I guess some can easily say it's drunk people food. Absolutely not!! I believe they do not advertise it because it is "Secret Pizza" after all.. I think this place would appeal more to the young adults. There are no actual tables, and just a little bar counter with a few stools and chairs... maybe five? There wasn't really a place to eat, and it would have been pretty awkward to eat there while the line of people stare at you because of the way it was arranged. I recommend getting take-out! Long line, but they do try to get you out of there as quickly as possible. The crust is extremely thin I assume so it can cook much quicker, some of the veggies are pre-cooked in advance, and the mushroom is sliced paper thin to reduce cooking time.I've eaten pizza from here at least 10 times, and I think it's safe to say it's my absolute favorite pizza joint! The pizza is delicious! I think it's one of the best one's I've ever had. I still crave it...... WHYYYY do you have to be sooo far away!?!? Well I think only in vegas will I be willing to cough up $40ish for my pizza. Worth every penny though!! The slices are very big, and they are pretty generous with their toppings. I ate at almost every eatery/ restaurant in Cosmo, and I must say, this place was my favorite! I had to eat here twice, and still craved for more!! The menu is literately typed and printed on normal computer paper. The cover of the menu simply says "Pizza"I ordered a Five Toppings "Pie"  $29.00 -18 inches, 10 slices. Each Additional topping was $2.25ToppingsPepperoniSliced Sausage - Yum!MeatballsRoasted TomatoesFresh Garlic- Added a very nice touchGreen PeppersMushrooms-sliced so paper thin to reduce cook time..almost couldn't taste it! ):OnionsRicottaOverall, I can't wait to go back!! I would highly recommend this place, enjoy!!!
5	The name alone grew my curiosity.  Once I tried it, I thought, 'damn, I wish it were still a secret!'  Unfortunately, everyone and their mothers knows about Secret Pizza.  If you don't, then you need to go upstairs from Chandelier in the Cosmopolitan and look for the Vinyls.  Once you walk through the hallway lines with record covers, you'll see this little quaint slice of heaven.  The place always has a line, there's a few stools to sit on in the back and a few vintage arcade games for your pleasure.  What I really like is their wall of money by the paying station.  The top row is lines with $100 bills.  Bawlllerrrrr!  LOL.When it's your turn, choose the pizza they have and they'll reheat the already cooked slice.  Usually runs about 6-8 dollars depending on the type of pizza.  I was with a group of 4 peeps.  We all the Chicago style pizza square with sun-dried tomatoes on top with 4 PBR drafts.  Total came to about $50 which was a little steep, but soooo worth it!  The pizza was full of cheesy goodness and the bottom of the crust was super crispy.  Every bite was amazing and it really filled us up!  Beer was crisp and very cold.  Perfect Sunday meal.If you're smart enough to find this place, you deserve a slice of heaven.  That's my motto for this place.  If you need help though, just look for the pool table and you'll see the hall of records close by.  You're welcome in advance.
2	Okay so I'm not a fanatic pizza connoisseur, and I'm from Baltimore, not New York, so I don't have a pizza superiority complex or anything, but come on with the rave reviews. Now if you're experiencing a free buzz compliments of the casino downstairs, I can see how you might mistake this place for great, but really it's pretty average. Trying to find the place while traversing through the hipster mind game that is the Cosmopolitan was better than the actual slice.
5	Best New York Style Pizza on the West Coast!  LOVE!!  So damn good.  Perfect amount of cheese, perfect amount of sauce and man those sausages!!  Damn it was good. The other great thing about this place is that everyone here (drunk or sober, young or old) are all really nice... I'm talking about the workers, the patrons... everyone was so happy and friendly.   This has now made it to the very top of my "MUST EAT" list every time I'm in Vegas.
3	Call me crazy but Secret Pizza did not rock my world.I think I had a bad case of the high expectations. Let's rewind....The concept is excellent.  You'll forget where you are at standing in line craning your neck to see the offerings.   The prices are more than fair for an on strip eatery!  Shocker.The pizza is a- ok for a quick lunch but nothing to make your yelping fingers blaze across your keyboard.  I can think of multiple places I'd rather eat pizza and I wouldn't have to park underground and schlep through the cosmo to do it.  That said, the white pizza was the best.  Quite tasty.
5	This is a stop we have to go to every time we visit Vegas. Discovered this by word of mouth when the Cosmo first opened a few years ago. We found it easily the way a friend described it, and am always hesitant to invite others on this best kept secret. There has never been longer than a four person line every time we've come. The staff is always friendly and fast, even when we order full pizzas at a time, and the prices are reasonable! My girlfriend always gets the sausage pizza, and I get the pepperoni, and even though we agree it tastes the best late at night after a night on the town, it tastes just as good as a snack right when we arrive from Los Angeles for a fun weekend in Vegas! We hope this stays a secret so we won't ever have to wait in a long line, but would love for everyone to appreciate this delicious New York style pizza!
3	What isn't overpriced in vegas.... maybe mcdonalds but i've never set foot in there.Pizza is alright, i can see people glorifying this place after they've had one too many shots and their sense are a little bit inhibited but overall i had the same quality pizza for a whole lot less.  Unfortunately none of those places are in vegas therefore one would have to resort to this.
5	Drove 238 miles just to get my hands on this spectacular pie. My last time here was Spring Break 2012. We found this place by accident. It's not clearly marked. As a matter of fact, it's just a nondescript hallway with a pinball machine at the other end. We noticed a few people walk in and out. Sometimes with a slice of pizza or without but smile on their face. We were like, "What the hell?" Curiosity got the better of us and we ventured down that dim hallway which is covered with vinyl album covers.Lo and behold, it's a pizza place!! White tiled walls. Marble counters to stand or sit on the very few stools. Order by the slice ($5 and up) or a whole pie ($30+). Pabst Blue Ribbon beer is $5 a red Solo cup. IPA is $7. Only buy the soda if you are super thirsty: $4 a Solo cup. That's as bad as Disneyland, if not worse. Maybe that's a standard Strip price. This time, I got a White Pizza slice and hubby and I split a Cheese pie. OMG the white pizza is sooooooooooo gooooooood! Yummy mozzarella and ricotta cheese on sauceless crust. Then came the cheese pizza, hot out of the oven. Crispy, chewy crust with tangy tomato sauce and the perfect amount of mozz cheese. Yummy, gooey cheese. Heaven in a cardboard box. Try it. You'll love it.
5	Yupp... no need for fancy stuff or tables... just order and go... after eating crumbs for $50/person the pizza definitely was worth it! Just enjoy life!
5	I was so lucky to stumble across this little gem! The pizza is really really good, one of the best on the west coast.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas believe it or not. Crazy good pizza and good beer that is laid back and perfect if you want to eat and not make a whole ordeal out of it.
2	We just wanted to grab a quick bite to eat in between seeing LOVE and going clubbing. We were starving and totally up for something casual. We learned of this place and were so excited since it sounded perfect.  I was so disappointed. Mostly with the service- totally unfriendly, you couldn't even see/tell what kind of pizzas they had available at the time (for instance, it looked like they didn't have any cheese so my friend didn't end up ordering that. then someone did order it and it turned out it was below the counter?). The pizza was very meh- okay but nothing special. When I asked for a to-go container to take my second piece back with me, they handed me a paper bag? Which was kind of bizarre. And I know some people on here have said it's not overpriced for Vegas, but if I buy overpriced pizza it better be great pizza. And this was not. It's too bad because I really do love the idea of a pizza place like this being hidden away in the Cosmo. But it's not worth it.  (Note, I think of places like Antonio's in Amherst, MA where you grab a drunken slice after the bars and OMG the superiority of that pizza compared to this).
5	Food quality: 5/5I think the New York style pizza is top notch! This pizza is especially amazing because its open really late. The cheese melts perfectly, the pepperoni are deliciously spiced, the crust is crispy but soft on the inside... Too many yum factors go into this pizza to describe!Customer service: 5/5For the place being filled with a ton of overly drunk people, the staff is surprisingly patient and likes to describe the pizza if you ask. Also a shout out to the hotel staff for them helping my group and I find this place (it is really hidden with no sign). You have to be on the third floor near where marquee would be (by the center chandelier bar).Ambiance: 5/5The place is hidden and down a long hallway but it opens up to a tiny 5 seater bar with a pizza bar where you watch them make the pizza and cut it up and serve it to you. Amazing! Also, it has an old arcade (I think it had two games, a pinball and an actual arcade game). Cool retro art littered the walls. I loved this place and it's definitely a new fave!Overall experience: 5/5
4	I did not go to the location, but I did eat the pizza. We had $100 credited to the room and decided to spend it here. Crust was nice and thin but chewy which is how I like my pizza. Yum! Perfect ending to a late night out!
5	Yes, not the easiest place to find. That's because it's a secret. *ShhhhBut not to worry! Just ask someone when you're in the Cosmo and you'll be sent on your way! This place is delicious. One bite of a slice and you are in heaven. Literally. Had the "White Pizza" but don't let that limit you! Try the other selections!
5	I found the secret pizza place! And it was delicious!
4	Yup... It's a New York Slice. While this type of slice if commonplace in NYC, they are few and far between outside of NYC. On the left coast I would only rate this place and Mulberry of Beverly Hills as being the 2 pest places to score a NYC style slice. Often imitated but never duplicated... A thin, doughy crust, with a little crispness, easy on the cheese, and a sweet basil tomato sauce. A real NY pizza expert will start with a slice of cheese. This one made the grade. I was also a fan of the sausage and banana pepper.The ambiance - Full of drunken Californians mostly. There will be some women walking barefoot and carrying their shoes. Possibly a couple natives from the land of vegas. Feels much more sterile than a NYC place, which isn't necessarily a bad thing.
3	You really have to look to find this place.  I ended up asking a security guard where it was, and even then I had a little trouble finding it.  I thought the pizza was only okay, but I wasn't really ordering their top notch stuff I guess.  I got the vegetarian pizza, which only tasted okay.  The crust was really good though.  At $6 a slice, its not cheap, but nothing is cheap at the Cosmopolitan.
4	I love how this place is "hidden". How fun!The white pizza is amazing and great for a quick snack or meal. Not a bad attempt at a New York Slice!
5	No need to describe the pie.  Just here to give a tip: Place a phone order and skip the line!
5	YUM!!! Their white pizza was sooooo GOOOD!  I wish I can order with a snap of my finger, and the pizza would be delivered to me immediately!Even between 3 sober girls, we couldn't finish a large pizza. We ended up having 1/4 left to take home. My only negative is that there not much sitting area--pretty much grab and go. We took our pizza out to the lobby to eat out in the open. Eh, is Vegas--we can do anything we want ;)
4	a cool little pizza spot hidden on the 3rd floor of the cosmo.  their cannoli's are DELICIOUS!! they weren't just sitting in some fridge casing and served cold where it's all hard and stale.  it tasted so fresh and after a night at marquee, it tasted like the best thing i ever ate... i should probably go back during the day and see if it's still good as i remember. haha!  definitely worth a try if you're in the cosmo though!
4	I love thin crust pizza. Had the sausage with banana peppers. Pizza was really good. Went at 4am and there was still a line. Worth the wait.
4	It's not a secret.   Well, if it once was it's not anymore.But there's a reason everyone knows about this place.    An absolutely perfect slice of pizza in the least likely of places.     Massive lineups late at night.    Worth the wait.
4	There is something about a slice of tomato pie from a little-known, hole-in-the-wall with a great rep.  To further add to the mystique of this place, there are no signs announcing it.  And then there is the name..."Secret Pizza"...that did it for me...I had to try it.I was immediately impressed with the fresh ingredients added to my  slice opting for onions, 'rooms and 'roni.  The crust was as close to the east coast as is possible out here in the desert.  It reminded me a bit of Pepe's in New Haven even though they use a modern gas fired pizza oven to cook their pies.The service was great for a pizza joint.  Any cashier that volunteers free refills on the soft drinks is getting my business.  The only thing holding this place back is the lack of tables and stools.  We made due with the limited counter space.This gem, just seconds off the strip on the third floor of the Cosmo, is a sure thing and a great, casual alternative to Pink's Hot Dogs across the street.
4	The secret is out! How long has this place been open for? I never even knew until most recently. It's inside the Cosmopolitan hotel. You should be able to find it after leaving the Marquee nightclub. There's no signs for it. Only a weird walkway with vintage images on the wall. The great thing is the cool factor about asking around to find this place. The adventure and finding your treasure makes it awesome! The pizza here is okay. It looks similiar to a NY thin slice pizza.. Only it doesn't taste as good. If your drunk then this thing is amazing. I had the white pizza. It had a lot of garlic and a bold cheese taste. It was a little too greasy but hey it's pizza.. so why am I even complaining...I would definitely eat this again when I'm looking for a slice of pizza. It's not expensive and probably the cheapest thing to buy inside the Cosmopolitan.
5	Love this place! Love the secretive ambiance and how its always a maze on getting here, especially when you're a bit intoxicated from the nearby clubs. It definitely hits the spot with their huge slices and interesting/classic ingredients. One slice will usually fill me but I take two just in case, their lines can get long and you don't want to wait through them twice! Don't plan on eating inside the restaurant, its quite tiny. However, right outside is a lounging area with pool tables and couch seating, so make yourself comfortable!
4	A slice of pizza...Good.
4	Delicious, delicious pizza, and in a secret location -- very tempting for anyone looking for cheap thrills in Las Vegas ;)The pizza is very, very, NYC-style, with crispy thin crusts that you can fold, and you can put whatever you like on it, as long as they have it.This place is not exactly cheap, but definitely much easier on your wallet than the other stuff in the better casinos and hotels. You could go to McDonald's for lunch, but why bother when you have Secret Pizza?
5	Ok, I didn't actually EAT here bcs it only has gluten- ous pizza (boo) but someday, when there is a cure... This is the pizza I'm going to eat. After planning a huge event at Cosmo, this is where I recommended people go and eat. Looks like traditional NY style pizza.
4	This is the best pizza I've had in Las Vegas so far, considering I don't normally wander too far from the strip. The bottom crust could be a bit more crisp, but when you're coming out of Marquee, it's just right there, and a couple of hot slices of pizza makes for the best night cap.Best story about this place, a few friends and myself decided to get some pizza around midnight, and a few girls were coming out of Marquee. They see us eating pizza at a table in front of one of the other restaurants on this level and come up to us asking where we got this pizza. I point over to the general direction of the hallway that leads to the pizzeria, and she just gives me this look and says, "Are you sure you didn't get it from here?" pointing to the restaurant behind me, which is CLEARLY closed with the bars down and the servers counting down the registers. I'm pretty sure I did NOT get this pizza from a closed restaurant...
4	Good choice for a quick bite to eat. The sausage is tasty and the crust is super crispy. I'm not sure how 'secret' this place is. It's relatively easy to find on the third floor of the hotel... just look for the hallway of record cases on the wall. Relatively cheap for Vegas standards.
5	Good pie! Seems everyone's trying to re-invent and one-up something as awesome as "pizza". The idea at this restaurant is to keep it traditional and do it right. Mission accomplished! Cool end to my Vegas trip. Back to Cali and my spin class:),
5	I love this place! When you're wandering through the Cosmo, feeling broke as a joke after a night of gambling and/or partying, what a sight for sore eyes this place will be... once you find it, of course! Once you make your way through the narrow corridor lined with record covers, you'll approach what may be the most deliciously crispy pizza crust in all of Las Vegas!The prices are dirt cheap, the people are friendly, and they're open til 4am. How can I keep something so wondrous a secret???
5	Wowie! What's the secret? Finding it!This was one of the best pizzas I have ever eaten! Perfect crust, perfect amount of toppings and perfect gooey cheesy goodness! :) Also, it's refreshing to see a more laid back and casual place to eat in the ritzy Cosmopolitan Hotel in City Center. Feels normal.You have to find it to try it and you have to try it to see what everyone's talking about! GREAT stuff!
5	Delicious pizza and very friendly staff
4	Sometimes you just want a big slice of pizza and sometimes it can't be kept a secret.
4	The walk up and down the stairs of Marquee was so draining we decided to grab some pizza to gain back some energy. The pizza is somewhat expensive...about $7/slide if ordered individual. The location is hard to find...no wonder it's a secret :) We ordered a whole pie - deluxe which gives you the option to add up to 5 toppings for $35 total. It took about 20 mins to get our pie and it was just perfect for our group of 7. The only downside is the limited seating area inside so we had to eat at one of the tables by the pool table.
4	This place has great pizza and it's open late! Definitely worth coming after a long night of clubbing! Make sure you come early or you will encounter a long long line! Yes, it's that good! I highly recommend the ricotta  pizza.
3	Hearing many recommendations from friends to come here, my group of 6 popped in around 10pm and lucky for us, there was hardly a line! Took quite a while to get our pizza pie of half cheese half pepperoni, but overall it was a pretty good deal - 10 slices for around $30 rather than one for $4.50. However to me, it's just your average pizza, and nothing special stood out to me. Not too greasy, thin crust, and a good amount of cheese...maybe I like more hearty pizzas myself...In trying to understand the hype, it must be rated so high b/c most people that get food here are likely drunk or really hungry from clubbing...to me, the best thing wasn't the pizza, but rather the secrecy aspect - with no signs indicating where it is, I like that a parlor like this can be inside the Cosmo. Kind of like a pizza-speakeasy I suppose ;)
4	Good pie, its all about the heavenly crust, thin with a snap. Their meatball topping really made my day. It is on the 3rd level next to the Japanese place. Go mid afternoon to avoid the drunken mobs, besides you need to give your liver a break some time during the day. I'll be back for the white pizza.
4	The secret is really less of a novelty than we originally believed. We were expecting something slightly more unique than a little pizza kitchen shoved in a spare corner of the restaurant level in a hotel. Nevertheless, I would not visit this place for a unique experience. However, that doesn't make this place bad. The pizza was quite good and the service was incredible. The young guys running the show were extremely nice in a genuine way - a refreshing difference from the "las vegas stick my hand in your pocket and take as much as I can" nice. I would say if you're within a close stumble to the Cosmo, and you're looking for a quick and tasty snack, you'd be stupid not to pick up a slice here.
4	I don't know how long they've had deep dish slices, but I've never seen them until this recent visit.  We grabbed up a pepperoni deep dish which was pretty decent, but not close to my favorite. The plus is that its nicely crispy and not doughy, lots of pepperoni  and sauce and cheese in it. Its much more filling than the thin slice so I suppose you get more bang for your buck with that.  We got a slice of white pizza as well. This is one of my favorites here and the BF liked it a lot too. Its also good with their sliced sausage on it. I think if you wan't something besides a basic pepperoni, I think this is the best one they have to offer. Slices start at $4.50 for a already made slice or you can order in a whole pizza as well (I believe the last time I ordered one it was about $20ish for a 1 topping). Of course, having it fresh made is slightly better than getting a slice that's been sitting. They serve a few beers on tap or soda, and there is a water dispenser out with water cups. Other than that, they serve nothing else - just 'za! I think the "secret pizza" is not so secret, but if you aren't sure where it is, it's on the same floor as most of their restaurants. It's right next to Blue Ribbon Sushi, you'll just see a random corridor of albums and you'll see a arcade machine visible at the end. Theres some stools or standing bar. You can walk your slice out into lobby of this area as there's plenty of seating and a pool table even. Good quick bite when here in Cosmo, a good idea to order a pizza instead of room service, not something I would venture to the strip just to get though. Still, I am a fan and manage to end up here every time I'm on the property!
3	I have no idea why there was such a huge hype, it was just a typical thin crusted pizza. Seriously!!!!! The toppings were good, pepperoni, sausage, etc... but honestly you can get a better pizza elsewhere.However, if you are dying for a late  night snack after Marquee it's conveniently located.
5	I love you, Secret Pizza.We went on a Sunday for lunch and it was probably very different than 3am on a weekend.  We ordered Veggie, Meatball/Pepperoni, and White slices.I can't even comment on the other two as we were just dying over the White Pizza. We ordered it because we felt like we "should" since it was supposed to be the most popular. It was amazing...a bit oily, but full of garlic and cheese. Loved it.   Probably would be even better after a late night of drinking, but a meal right before driving home was pretty good too.Its a casual place. Sodas served in red solo cups (for $4...). The unmarked, unadvertised part of it is so fun. And if you've been to the Cosmopolitan before you'll be shocked to see where it is. We've sat there and people watched probably 2 or 3 times and never saw the hallway to the restaurant.
5	TOP 5 AFTER-THE-CLUB-MUNCHIESCheap, Fast, Greasy, ad Delicious. What more can you ask for? I heard this place gets pretty packed around 3-4am when everyone is being kicked out of the club. I went at 2AM (I specifically left Marquee early, on a mission to eat this pizza) and there was no line.  There isn't must variety to choose from (3-4 kinds of pizza) but who care when you have the after-the-club-munchies? Not me! Pizza is Pizza - but this pizza is to die for! Must try!
5	The Cosmopolitan hotel is one of my favorite upscale spots to stay in Vegas. It seems as you walk through it everyone is dressed to the hilt in their finest Vegas outfit. Groups of women with their fancy skirts and guys over sprayed with cologne and funky shirts. You know the routine everyone is in Vegas Mode standing in line for the exclusive clubs like Club Marquee trying to bribe the doorman to let you and your friends in. If you give your brain a second to clear itself out you will notice people walking around with cheap paper plates and a huge slice of pizza. At first I didn't even notice but I kept seeing this. It was odd seeing people holding $20 drinks in one hand a slice of pizza on a cheap paper plate in the other hand. Finally, I asked the huge security guard bouncer dude what is that and he points towards a hallway that looks like a bathroom hallway in the mall. No sign and not even a clue whats down the hall I walk down this hallway and at the end a Secret Pizza place with a bunch of what looks like hand made pizzas being put in the giant oven! Suddenly I felt transported from Vegas to my old hole in the wall "The Pie" pizza parlor from college when I went to the University of Utah. It took me back I mean way back! I ordered a slice and a large Coke and I was smiling. Find it, eat it and smile! If you get lost ask the big guy outside.
1	I love pizza! And this place is not somewhere I'd like to come back to. First of all, this place should change their $ to $$ because for 3 slices of pizza, 1 soda and 1 beer, it was $30!!! Insane, right? I wouldn't mind paying if the quality was there. But unfortunately, it wasn't. I love the concept of it being a secret and the fun is finding it. But once we found it, I was expecting to be rewarded with some great pizza. Pizza was salty and a little brunt. The ingredients felt short in quality and quantity. I hate to say this but I would have been more satisfied and happy having Costco pizza. Secret pizza, you need to start serving better pizzas with better ingredients or just stay a secret but this is one secret no one wants to know about. Happy eating everyone :)
4	We enjoyed our first visit to secret pizza. The prices were high but expected for the strip. Service was very friendly and fast. Pizza was delicious. I would recommend it and we will probably be back.
5	Soooo worth the hunt! We got there about 10 min before they opened on sunday and so when we were looking for it the hallway was blocked off, which threw us off... But then we peaked behind the wall and saw the secret hallway! The directions from other yelpers was super helpful! Cosmo, 3rd floor, by the pool table and sushi place. one of the pizza makers peaked his head out and let us in right at 11am. The deliciousness could be smelled as we walked down the hallway... we were first in line, and within 5 min the place was pretty packed. my sister and I shared a cheese, pepperoni, white and meat lovers... All were amazing. I think the best though might have been the cheese. Flavor was great, greasy thin crust goodness. And I'm normally a deep dish girl. I brought 4 others with me and they all LOVED it. One actually got back in line for a third... And a canolli! normally I'm not a cannoli fan, but this one had super thick cream, almost a cheesecake consistency... Pretty good. But come for the pizza!Love this place! Will make it a vegas tradition from now on!
5	Pizza and cannoli--good, greasy pizza and perfectly sweet cannoli with a nice creamy filling. We had to search for this place...it's on the third floor down a hallway lined with old records. It's pretty no-nonsense and cheap in comparison to pretty much everything else nearby. I could tell the ingredients are high-quality as well--there were heirloom tomatoes in my salad and the dressing tasted homemade. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
5	The best pizza I eat in Vegas!!!!!
5	Lifesaver when your bosses are at the fancy Cosmo bar downstairs spending more money than your paycheck and you just want a few moments of cheesy, crusty goodness. NY-style, thin crust pie with nothing but flavor that will make you say "Holy Crap!"Go there sober, go their drunk, just go there and enjoy this hidden but well-worth the hunt spot. PSSsssst: serving PBL beer LOL!
2	White Pizza ($5/slice): nice, crispy crust, but I've had better, tastier White pizzas Sicilian ($8/slice): this crust was also crispy (in a good way), and I liked it better than the White, but I've had better Sicilians (most notably in NY)I know it's not fair to compare NY pizzas to anything outside of NY, but it's hard not to. And it's hard to ignore the premium prices for not-so-premium pizzas.2.5 stars
5	My friend told me about a secret pizza place I should definitely hit up while on vacation in Vegas, and am I glad I did.  The same night I arrived, my girlfriend and I decided to take a stroll in the Cosmopolitan hotel and went up to the third floor to search for the hallway my friend tipped me about.  Just as my friend mentioned, the smell of pizza overpowered my senses and everything looked delicious.  I decided to go with a slice of cheese and pepperoni while my girlfriend went with the white pizza with mushrooms.  Upon the first couple bites, the pizza was absolutely delicious.  The thing that really put me over was the crust.  The crust was perfectly crunchy and tasty.  I will have to say that this place takes my favorite small pizza spot back in Houston simply because of the crust.  Although it is a couple dollars more than the slices back home, I will consider this pretty cheap knowing that i would spend over $80 for my girlfriend and I had we ate in one of the restaurants next door.  For this, I will have to say this is the best pizza I have had, at least from a smaller/not-too-fancy pizzeria.  We went back to eat here the next night too! Go get you some!
4	Good, fast and cheap late night pizza at $5 a slice. 3rd floor in unmarked hallway. Crisp and tasty but pretty greasy so blot away
3	The drunk bastard in me wants to give 5 stars but the sober side of me thinks this place is just alright especially given the $36 price for a whole pizza and the often looong lines. Granted, their white pizza is pretty good, but again, that's the drunk side of me -- I will shut him up now. This place is ok if you are drunk, hungry and don't mind throwing money at them.
5	Amazing! The white pizza took my breath away. Great hidden location in the Cosmo Hotel. Everything is fresh and made right in front of you.
5	I'm a huge pizza snob and this place is amazing. I had the both the veggie and pepperoni and peppers slices and my only regret was not having the entire rest of the pie to go with them. Totally worth the long line. If you're looking for authentic NY pizza, this stuff is the real deal.
5	Who knew?!?!? LOL It's this hidden hallway right upstairs from the Marquee Club in the Cosmopolitan.Right in the heart of vegas, there is this cool NYC style pizza place. Almost stools, no chairs or tables, straight up on the go style.  I spend the entire summer last year trying out all the "popular" pizza places. This place blows them out of the water. If you're getting a whole pie, probably will take 30 mins though. Forget Grimaldi's and Lombardi's. Come to Secret Pizza!
3	This was a cool "not-so-secret" pizza spot we hit up at like 3 or 4 am after dancing the night away at the club. We found that the line was filled with people just like us, tipsy and hungry. I think the drunkness made it feel like the wait was extremely long, like I wanted to cry. lol.  I thought the pizza was definitely great quality and tasted great and the slices were pretty big, but was it worth the long ass wait? I think not. Glad we got to try it, but I feel like you could probably get something of equal yummy, greasiness for a shorter wait and more reasonable price. I was tempted to get a whole $36 pizza since we had waited so long, but we contained ourselves and stuck to our slices.
5	Bomb.com!
4	I was so dazzled by the interior of the Cosmopolitan that I couldn't tell you exactly how to get to Secret Pizza. Ok...fiiiiine, keep an eye out for the album-filled hallway on the third floor. We stopped by around 3pm, so there was no line, although all the seats were taken.We selected a cheese slice topped with ricotta and sliced sausage and a cheese slice with meatballs and onions. I thought it was a little pricey for two slices with two toppings each.  I guess I'm just not used to paying $4.50-$5.00 a slice. The pizza was really really good. The crispy crust was slightly charred, adding a touch of bitterness to the sweetness of the crust and savoriness of the topping. Loved. Every. Bite. The toppings were really good. Especially the sausage. House-made?Water cooler near the register for those feeling a bit dehydrated from too much sun or whatever. Nice touch. :)BF received a call from his friend looking for Secret Pizza....if a sober local guy needed help finding it, gawd help the drunk!The front of their paper menus just say "pizzeria". :)
5	if you go upstairs and down an unmarked alleyway you'll find some of the best pizza in las vegasthis place is really good but the problem is its not that consistent. its ok because it hit the spot both times i came here!i liked how this is a secret unmarked place the pizza is very well made. not too much sauce, just the right amount of cheese and thin crust!
5	Best Pizza in Vegas. And one of the best kept secrets in the city. Don't bother looking for a sign: there are none for this place. Just look for the vinyl record-lined hallway across from STK.
5	When I hear the word Marquee it automatically means PIZZA. Although I cant tell you how this place is like sober, I can 100% vouch for this place as one of the best places to eat after a night at marquee. There is no such thing as a slice. I must have the whole box. The only thing that sucks is the wait!
3	totally overhyped for me. i think it's a great place if you're craving a greasy slice of pizza and sometimes that's just what you're in the mood for late at night. got a slice of cheese which was fine, crust was ok, they ran out of the white pies which was disappointing and they weren't planning to make any more - bummer =(
4	When they say secret ,they ain't lying. it was pretty hard to find. it's tucked away in a hallway that you'll walk right past several times. BUT the pizza was good. I called in and ordered two pies to go to take back to the family. A little pricey, just over $50 for two large pizzas, but it was good pie. I was annoyed that even though I had ordered ahead, I had to wait in line for 15 minutes to get my pizzas, but hey, not a huge deal. All in all, i'll def go back for a late night slice..or three
3	Just a-ok pizza ..... and I was sober when picking and overpaying for my order.  A slice of regular pizza is $5 and a slice of the white pizza is $6.  Now maybe you're wondering the white pizza must be something special and that it's worth trying because that's what I thought.  I also got the pepperocini, red bellpeppers pizza. The verdict is that that white pizza is nothing I can rave about. The pepperocini was flavorful. Perhaps if I was super inebriated I would find great love for such pizza but sad to say I was not blown away.  There are hardly any places to sit, so my party had to eat outside of the joint in a lounge area.  Sorry Secret Pizza, I wasn't all that impressed.
4	While walking around the Cosmopolitan hotel after a long night of partying, clubbing, gambling or lounging around, chances are that you'd probably be hankering for something quick and that doesn't cost an arm and a leg. (And chances are, you may have already lost an arm and a leg at one of the tables).In probably the worst kept secret about the hotel, Secret Pizza (honestly, I think the place has no official name and "Secret Pizza" just sorta became the de facto name over time) offers people from all walks of life a slice of New York styled pizza at reasonable prices in one of the swankier hotels on the Strip.Located on the second floor of the Cosmopolitan and tucked away in the restaurant area (read, baller food court), you'll see a hallway that could pass as a restroom access area. If you smell pizza and you see some old vinyls decorating the walls, you're on the right track. Just keep going and you'll soon be in line for pizza, made available essentially all day. You can also tell you're in the area once you start seeing more people walking or sitting around with pizza on paper plates.Secret Pizza has a couple pinball machines to keep people preoccupied a bit, as they scarf down that 'za. The quality (particularly of the pepperoni) is pretty damn comparable to New York styled pizza (for all I know, they could have brought some of the water to Las Vegas).A big slice and a drink can run you just shy of $10 bucks, which isn't bad, considering where you're at. They also serve beer, served in red plastic cups, naturally. After all, you need to keep that party mentality going back at the suite, right?My only suggestion is that the place consider a wider beer selection and offer glasses to drink out of. There's a considerable difference in drinking beer out of a plastic cup versus drinking out of a glass. Outside of that, I realized that it's the place's secretive location in a nice resort and design that has made it one of the best known places for a late night slice.
4	Definitely a secret, this place is so well hidden in the Cosmopolitan Hotel. The door was closed when I went during the day and was kind of confused on how to even get in. Great place for a quick bite (individually sold slices). I didn't know this place was open late until walking back from Marquee one night. WIll definitely have to stop by late night during the next Vegas trip.
3	The pizza was good, but it didn't blow me away like it did for some of the other yelpers on here.  The white pizza had a really good combination of flavors, but it was a bit greasy.  Don't get me wrong, I like a greasy slice of pizza every now and then.Secret Pizza will be a lot easier to find if you just ask someone working at the hotel for directions.  Everyone is extremely friendly and they're all willing to help.  There are no seats, but you can place your pizza on the ledges and eat while you stand.  All in all, I think Secret Pizza is great for a snack but I wouldn't make a meal out of it.  However, it'll probably be the cheapest meal you'll be able to find in the Cosmopolitan.
4	Secret Pizza is delicious.  I had the White pizza, I think it had goat cheese on it, so lots of flavor.  Not a lot of seating, line can get pretty long too.  There are some great living room set-ups near by for sitting.
4	THIS PLACE IS CLUTCHUnlike everything in cosmo, this place is relatively cheap! Pretty good pizza for about $6 a slice or if you want a whole pizza it's about $27. Only thing that sucks is that there's usually a line, especially if you go after midnight. Definitely recommend calling ahead of time and placing an order. I've waited an hour for a pizza but it was definitely worth it.
4	If you're at Marquee or doing anything at the Cosmo this place is a MUST. It is perfect to satisfy those late night or post-dayclub drunchies. Be prepared to wait in a long line after midnight and to have an even longer wait if you're ordering a whole pizza. But it is worth it!The thin crust is perfectly crisped and the cheese is ooey and gooey. You can pick your slice and they warm it up for you. They have a free water dispenser (because you know you're at that point in the night when you need to hydrate) and also sell beer and wine if you're still in party mode. If you're looking for this place and there is no line to spot: third floor next to the Marquee entrance down a hallway lined with vinyls.
4	"SHH! What's the secret?!"Really, there is no secret cause it's pretty obvious where all the after party goers straight out of Marquee go when they are done clubbing.  And for those that don't know or are a bit reluctant at getting in line, just trust yourself and follow the smell of oven... baked... pizza.Yeah, I didn't think you'd resist, and neither could I.I LOVED Secret Pizza... if only for an after clubbing meal cause my ass surely was already dehydrated, and the idea of tomato pasta sauce to "quench my thirst" was more than enough.The pizza was delicious, even though I'm sure the alcohol made it taste better.  The crust was doughy and delicious, and a very generous sized slice for your stomach.  The Pepperoni Sausage was a personal favorite!  Gotta go for the meats to curb the appetite.The only thing I was sad about was that if you wanted to order a whole pizza for yourself, it could only be one kind (as in you can't have half of it be veggies, and the other half be pepperoni salami meat lovers delight).  But fair enough- it helps keep the crowd moving.By all means, spread this little secret.  It'll make your Vegas clubbing night just that much better.  (Following this you should be going back to your hotel and partying some more)
4	White pizza.
4	Best Pizza in Vegas!!! Believe the hype! The wait sucks, but it's because everyone is leaving Marquee for some bomb pizza! Get the pepperoni and sausage pizza. So good.
5	create something unique and i give you 5 stars.unique 5 star reason: $6 (one pizza slice) meal at the cosmopolitan casino.and the pizza is yummy! very oily/fatty, but that's why it's so yummy!
3	Recommended by a friend. Decent pie. Reasonable priced for Vegas. The place replicates a hole in the wall, by the slice, store front pizza joint in NYC. Located up a few levels in the Cosmopolitan, down a hallway. Very limited seating, beer on tap (a plus). We grabbed a pie and sat out in the lounge area watching the party crowd going clubbing.
1	My friends and I came in and ordered a whole pie... After checking in with them several times over the course of an hour, they figured out they hadn't put in our order... Instead of making a mends, they made us wait longer for a manager to come down and 'authorize' our refund... Truly awful customer service!
5	This place is too good to keep it a secret!! It is hidden on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel, but just follow your nose and you'll find it. What makes Secret Pizza so good is the crust. It was a NY style thin crust, but it was so crispy and flaky, and not soggy at all. I wish I could have tried the Sicilian deep dish pizza, but they didn't have any cooked at the time. Next time I'm in Vegas I will absolutely be back!!
4	Ok, is this really a secret? I was impressed, since I had not heard of it and when I decided to go hunt for it, all I knew was that it was in the Cosmopolitan. As I combed the floors, I felt like I was playing a game of clue. It did not matter who I asked, the answer was the same, "If I tell you it will no longer be a secret". I pursued it and believe me it was worth the hunt. The pizza was excellent, with the crust crunchy to the center and the toppings were generous. I swear, it was like playing hard to get, the more I could not find it the more I wanted it. If you are out downtown and are able to drunkenly find it, it will taste even better. The later it is the longer the line and they are open until 4:00am...Delicious and so Vegas!
3	This place gets so much hype that now every single hotel I feel is building a pizza place to compete.  The pizza here is good, is it worth waiting in line with a bunch of drunk people who take forever to order and are yelling?  That I'm not to sure about.  The slices are a very good size for the price, kinda greasy and there isn't much sauce which is a negative for me since I love sauce.  I can name a few places in town I'd rather get a slice at above Secret Pizza, however if I'm in the area, I'm not going to object (unless the line is out of control).
4	Go to the 3RD FLOOR and look for a HALLWAY full of pictures and DUN DUN DUN, you're in the secret pizza lair. LolThe pizza is on point! CRISPY crust and ooey gooey cheeeese like that NINJA TURTLE PIZZA !-COWABUNGA DUUUUDES!Def gotta put that Parmesan, Peppers, and Garlic Powder!The cheese pizza and white slice pizza are hella bomb -the toppings are just the icing on the cakePeople call it secret pizza but it seems like everybody in Cosmo knows about it! If you really appreciate pizza, try this spot out!
4	Fun little hidden place near the Marquee with solid pizza served by dudes in Yankees/Giants gear. (For that authentic touch)The pizza is solid but, damn, they are proud of it... $5 a slice isn't bad until you want two and a drink or two... a whole pie is in the $30 range. Ouch!Then again, its the only spot in this part of the Cosmo  to grab a solid bite without sitting down so I guess you gotta pay to play.Pepperoni was good, but the highlights were the white pizza and pepperoni/sausage/meatball combo. I will be back for a slice of those next time I return!
5	Hands down best pizza in Las Vegas and in my top 3 best pizza places of all time. Seek it out and eat it. I loved the plain cheese with garlic and onions..sprinkle on some oregano/garlic salt/crushed red and magic in your mouth. Bonus-they are open late...like really late 3am-5am ish depending on demand. March 2012 we stayed in the Cosmo and went exploring the 3rd floor for a snack. We would see people in random places enjoying (really enjoying) a slice of pizza. Something about h the pizza and the people eating it put us in the mood for a slice even though all the other places looked great as well. O.k....where is the pizza coming from? While looking for this pizza joint my eye caught a glimpse of a pin ball machine at the end of a hall and I wanted to check it out. Low and behold it was the pizza place. We got a couple slices and fell in love. I didn't see signage anywhere for a name but assumed it was too new for a name? Later that night we wanted to order a whole pie to bring to our room and couldn't find the place on the Cosmo TV directory. I said "Its like its secret or something"...my hubby called the desk and asked them and he said "yeah it has no name..it sa secret..glad you found it" I think its a very cool and mysterious concept. Anyway he connected us to their phone and we ordered a whole pie for our room....we also each had one more slice as we were getting in the cab to go to the airport to fly back home. Anyway...go you will enjoy it :)If I could give 4 1/2 I would only because none of their offerings (at-least they weren't yet) are organic and that's a bummer for me. However its vacation and I loosen up a bit.
5	Hidden in an alleyway in the Cosmopolitan is a tiny pizza kitchen that serves delicious New York Style Pizza. Part of what makes it so cool is discovering it, the other part is the damn good pizza. It's very high quality- the crust is thin and delightful and the cheese has the perfect oozey-ness that makes it delicious. A large pie with 6 slices will run $30- and each topping is $5. Good deal for Vegas if you split with friends or just buy your own slice!
3	Pizza is decent, and it being "secret' is fun, but it tastes MUCH better if you are drunk.  White pizza was tasty (not the best I've ever had), and the price for a place on the strip is good.  It's open late, which is great for a late night treat, but I wouldn't wait in a huge line for a slice.If you want to get a drink here, go with a beer on draft - they even come in a red solo cup!  The box wine is disgusting...but that was my mistake for even ordering it.
5	Great pizza after Fat Tuesday & Haze. I ordered the combination - very tasty & crust was perfect. I should've eaten there again before I left Vegas! Will definitely get a whole one next time...
4	If you're lost and trying to find Secret Pizza, there is a glass elevator outside the Marquee Club which leads to the 3rd floor. Exit to the right and follow the hallway decorated with mostly 50's and 60's vinyl album covers despite the 80's rock being pumped overhead.  The pizza is NY style with a slightly charred crust on top but we could handle a little more char on the bottom. We ordered a whole white pie and were very satisfied. Besides a couple pinball machines and a retro multi-arcade machine, there are only a couple counters with stools to sit at.  We decided to hang out at the lounge area just outside that has several couches, cozy chairs, and a pool table.  Overall, Secret Pizza will be added to our regular hangouts in LV.***UPDATE***We've been to Secret Pizza twice and ordered the white pizza, so we got several other slice varieties on our last trip.  We both walked away from the experience much less satisfied than our prior experience with the white pizza.  The other stuff just just can't beat it.
4	It's not really too secret since I'm writing a review and we found out about it online. However, it was pretty cool searching for the place and then finding it in a little nook inside the ever-so-trendy hotel.We got lucky as far as timing goes because the line quickly picked up after we got there. I ordered a cheese slice and it was delicious hot and fresh.The only complaint I had was the wait time. It was pretty long considering that almost everyone was ordering pizza I would have expected to move swiftly. Hey, I got my slice and that's what counts.
4	Love the pizza here.  I am in general not a huge fan of pizza and the last time I came, I stood in line for 45 minutes at 3 am for a couple slice of their pizza.  That is how much I crave for their pizza.
5	The place to go for a midnight snack!
4	The best new york style I've had in las vegas, worth the stop if you're hungry and close by.
5	You've gotta find this place! It's some solid pizza! Came here my first night in Vegas after playing some Sigma Derby (side note: if you don't know what that is, you need to find it in the MGM Grand... it's a really fun quarter game that those of us youngsters who visit Tahoe always love to play for hours at Montbleau... old school horse racing at its simplest!) I ordered the white pizza because of all of the reviews I read about it on Yelp and bf ordered pepperoni and sausage. Both are really great! Of course it's fun that it's kind of a secret although the line would say that it was not that secret at all!
4	It was a pain in the ass to find the first time around, but who can forget a place like this  after trying Secret PIzza's delicious NY style pizza.We got a white pizza and a pep and sausage pizza when we first came here and with every trip since then, this is the first thing we pick up after finding our hotel room. I would suggest ordering a whole pizza and eating on the spot if you aren't staying at Cosmo. You'll be able to enjoy each bite the way it was intended right out of the even. Just hope that there is a spot to sit down and eat as it does get pretty packed depending on what time you go. Unfortunately, it was packed one time and we took a taxi ride back to our hotel after picking up the pizza one time. By the time we got back it wasn't as fresh, hot, and tasty.The down side is that the pizza is REALLY greasy  so if you're a health nut you might want to stay away. If you are going to order a whole pizza, it does take a while for it to come out. Also, if you order by the slice, beware its not going to be as good as when its right out of the oven. My girlfriend and I bought two slices that were sitting out and man were we disappointed. They even reheated it for us in the oven. The price is also pretty high...$20 for a whole pizza if I remember correctly.In the end, the positives outweigh the negatives. Imagining the tastes of each bite at this moment gets my mouth watering. Secret Pizza is a place I would recommend to anyone who loves pizza and is in Vegas. And if you don't, maybe this establishment will change your mind. It's that good!
4	In the Cosmopolitan there is an un-named pizza place that has some pretty good pizza slices. I had the Supreme and the White Pizza. Both were delicious and very flavorful, even when cold. The white pizza has a sausage that is full of flavor and can cure any Vegas hangover. Highly recommended but I hope you can find it!
4	The Secret Pizza place is the perfect ending to a night of mayhem at the Cosmopolitan. It's located on the 3rd level, next to Jaleo and Blue Sushi Bar and Grill. Just head down the hallway with record covers on the wall (no, it's not the hallway for the bathrooms).There is usually a steady line for a slice of heavenly pizza, but well worth it. It does tend to be a little greasy, but to be honest... after a few drinks, it makes the pizza even better! Just be careful not to drop your pizza on the floor... it's a waste of good ingredients. (yes, I did this)
5	closest thing to a New York pizza! just the plain pepperoni was delicious!!
5	yay best place to get some awesome tasty pizza and cheap ! while gambling in the cosmopolitan  ! love this place!
3	Every Vegas trip, we always manage to make our way here at some point..I'm not really sure how the pizza really is while in a sober mindset.. but after a night of partying & drinking, the pizza is fantastic & fulfills any type of food craving you might have in the end of the night. haha. It's also actually pretty good cold(leftovers), the next morning.This spot definitely has the NYC pizza look/feel with the quick and easy service and the giant-sized slices. There are several different topping combination to choose from.. I usually just go with what my stomach feels for and what looks most appealing at the time.If you come here late at night, expect a long line. I wouldn't call it a "secret" pizza spot anymore if half of the club go there afterwards!...if only a Yoshinoya opened on the strip -____-
4	With so many places to eat in Vegas, I'm always looking for suggestions.  My coworkers unanimously sent me here, and they weren't wrong.  The pizza was great - thin, crispy and cheesy!  The prices were fine for what you got, and we didn't have any problems finding a seat during lunch hours.  I'll definitely be back when I'm in town again.
5	I love this little pizza spot! ^_^ I always stop by here after Marquee or when I'm in the strip area and just want a quick bite to eat. The pizza is great and I love the fact that it is hidden. This is pretty much a stop-and-eat place in its own corner. Has a neighborhood feel.
4	If you're going to Marquee, this place will be on your way as you exit, just ask the bouncer at the end of the escalators which way to go. It's usually a long line with a bunch of drunk girls, but hey..it's vegas! Slice of pizza is $3-$5 and a whole pizza is $27-$30. The whole pizzas are a long wait, but it's worth it since it's fresh and you get to pick your toppings.  There's also no tables, the place is small where you just order, get your food and split. Secret Pizza will soon be the new Earls for late night vegas druncheis
5	Cheapest, and by far the best food we ate in Vegas this past weekend!  I now have my first "must stop" in Vegas!  I will definitely make a point to stop here any time I'm in Vegas.  We ordered 4 pieces (Pepperoni and Sausage Ricotta). Perfection!
4	They raised prices since opening which is disappointing.  They are at $5 a slice now :( I think I would rather just eat earl of sandwhich across the street.  Also you pretty much have to get a slice that they have premade.  You cant really choose your toppings unless you order an entire pie.Order a whole pie over the phone and pick it up.  it is the best deal.  TIP: Call a couple hours in advance cause they get super busy!!Pepperoni pizza is hella greasy!
3	Way overrated and over pricedWhole white pizza- the grease soaked all the way trough the cardboard and paper plates- very bland and greasy, I noticed that everyone kept adding red pepper and POURING the grease off the pizza- unevenly cutnot terrible since the crust was alright, so 3 stars.
4	Thin crust, sausage, cheese.. Just what you need.. They have a variety of different and specialty pizzas that don't show up on the board. Out of nowhere they bring up a deep dish Chicago style pizza with a generous helping of pepperoni.  It's kind of hard to find as it's a unmarked hallway with retro rock band posters.
1	Came in at 1pm on a Sunday. If I wanted pre-made, reheated pizza I could have gone to Sabaros and not waited in line. There are too many great places in Vegas...don't waste your time here.
5	Amazing Pizza!!!With out a doubt the best pizza place in all LV!!
3	Ok, I've eaten here 3 times and it has pros and cons. I would give it 4 stars but can't do so with a straight face cause of the prices. Pros about this place is the pizza is very good. I don't even usually eat crust but I do here. It is thin, and delicious. Nice Variety of toppings offered. Cons are way, way, way over priced. A slice of cheese is $4, I usually get a 2 topping slice and it is $5.50, good pizza, but not that damn good. I have eaten here 3 times cause late nite when at cosmo and you are hungry, it's good eats and I make myself forget I am getting ripped off for a slice of pizza. A 2 litter bottle of soda here is $6.50. I never buy the 2 litter soda, but had to note the price to show how absurd the pricing is. A whole pizza with 3 toppings is $30. Yup, so much for trying to get the whole pizza to save some dough, no pun intended. I would eat here more, but the prices are ridiculous.
5	Spend 4 days in Vegas and had dinner here twice, this has got to be the best pizza place i've ever been to in Las Vegas, and that's cus i dont eat gluten. Their white pizza, yes its a bit greasy, but its to die for! Totally recommend this place!!
5	This not-so-secret-pizza place is great. It is a no frills place to grab a slice of pizza. It was delicious and inexpensive. It is thin crust NY style pizza.  They have regular, white and a thick crust Sicilian pizza.  We try to make it by here every time we visit.
4	Walking through the Cosmo we saw some people eating pizza so we knew we were close!  Found it near by. I won't say where though.  Love it!  Just a nice NY style pizza place. I can't imagine a better late night stop.
5	Secret Pizza is by far, the best after hours pizza I've ever had. Find this hidden gem by walking through a little "alley" to the left of Jaleo.If you're headed here right after Kaskade, you're going to have to wait in line for the longest time ever. Deal with it because it's so worth it, I promise. Oh, and ladies, while waiting in line please keep your heels on. Thanks.Instead of ordering a whole pizza (which takes some time to make), ask for a box and get an assortment of slices, it all tastes the same by this time anyway.My favorite is the all meat pizza (apparently, I'm a vegetarian only up until 4am and champagne wasted) - topped with gyro meat, it doesn't feed the drunk much better than this!Note: if the sign says "NO RANCH," there really is no ranch. So sad for all of you ranch dippers, I know. Someone would make bank opening up a Hidden Valley Ranch stand outside of the hallway.
4	Best NY style pizza in Vegas.  I know since I used to work in NYC for years and been to Vegas many times.  The place is very hard to find and I actually had to call them up to see where they're at.  Once there, it's a lot smaller than I thought it would be.  It suits much better for to go than to eat in.  I ordered plain cheese and a sausage.  Both are very good and comparable to NYC pizza.  As for price, well, you are inside Cosmo and will pay the price for that.  If you want cheaper, you need to eat away from the strip.
5	Love Love Loooooooooove their pizza! Veggie and plain cheese are my favorites~
5	Best pizza, i've ever had!!  We waited in line for almost an hour and it was well worth it!!  I will DEF be coming back!!!  I had white pizza and a slice of pep, both were delish!
5	WHITE PIZZA. What could be a better treat after a really drunk night at Marquee. It's so hard to explain why this greasy plain cheese pizza is so good but it is and you have to try it for yourself.
5	Definitely worth the adventure of finding this place!  Look for the wall of records in the Cosmopolitan hotel.
5	Secret pizza, well my second visit to this place and yes, in a way it is a secret because there's no sign leading to this joint. It's located on the third floor of the cosmopolitan, after the escalator, it's next to a glass revolving door. You'll see people walking into this hallway and BAM there it is, the pizza joint, a delicious creation whether you're buying for one or a group. It's worth your money! They have some premade that you can purchase by the slice such as cheese, mushroom, pepperoni, sausage, white and even a mixture. Either one, you'll enjoy the pizza, even after 30min :)
5	What's better than overindulging in an awfully greasy and seriously overpriced allegedly NY-style slice after a night out or just on a random afternoon??? Lol.I'm not a pizza person, yet I keep coming back for more, the slices here are that good. Plain, white, mushrooms - I want them all. I suspect they might secretly add a mysterious addictive substance to the dough to cause such a craze but I don't really mind... 'Cause I'll be back.
4	Really good pizza and late hours...a little hard to find though. They have pre-made pizzas or you could wait a bit longer and get your own pie. We were hungry so we got a few pre-made slices and added mushrooms all over the top..so good! They heat it back up again in the oven so its nice, toasty, and crunchy when it comes out. I liked both crusts, the flat and thick and love the toppings they offer! Lots of different cheeses and sausages and of course mushrooooomsss mmm
5	Wow! This pizza is the real deal NY style and a not to miss place to grab a bite. I tried several slices and really like the cheese only the best. The white had a little too much garlic for me but my friend had a second piece of it. This brings me back to the best pizzas in NYC.
5	I LOVE pizza! And I LOVE THEIR pizza. Even while not in an inebriated state, it tastes pretty darn good. We were staying at Vdara and wandered over in search of this "secret" pizza place. Just look for all the people standing outside eating a slice. Or follow your nose. Not really much of a secret anymore, just might be a challenge to find. Just look for the decorated hallway with the bright light and smells at the end. :D We got a whole pizza to share (and snack on the way home) and a salad. Decently priced for the amount of food we got. Definitely recommend.
3	A little tough to find at first but we did eventually. Enter the Cosmopolitan Hotel off the strip and go to third floor using the escalator. Then go straight down the unmarked hallway right in front of you which is lined with old record sleeves. it opens up into a mostly standing room affair with a few stools along the walls, some pinball machines, and 2 TVs with sports.Drinks are sold from 2 liter bottles and poured into solo cups at something like $4 per cup. This is crazy expensive. Luckily they have a little water filtration machine that you can get free water from in the corner next to the cash register. This is the way to go.You can order a custom pizza which takes a while, or they can just heat a slice from the already made pizzas. $4.50 for a cheese slice is the base price. You then add 50 cents for each additional topping. I had the pepperoni and sausage for $5.50, and felt like the price was a little up there for a single slice that wasn't even over-sized. Sausage and peperoni was only ok. Sausage was there physically, but lacked any flavor. I'd skip that topping. Pepperoni was tasty and a little salty. Still not a huge winner, but a good standard slice.The crust was good. Thin and crunchy, resisting sogginess for a while, and is a great starting point for these pizzas. The white pizza was by far the best. Ricotta and garlic make this more resistant to sogginess, and the taste combo is delicious. Very subtle ricotta and not so subtle garlic really take this to the next level with the great crust. The white pizza is the one to get. Case closed.
2	Secret Pizza is at the Cosmopolitan.I was on a mission to check this hole in the wall pizza joint. Its hidden at the end of an unmarked hallway, on the 3rd floor.  Secret Pizza is a small place with no seats or tables. There are counters along the walls to post up at and get your eat on.  Fellow Yelper Ingrid R came along and we shared a slice of cheese pizza.Either I came with super high expectations (based on all the rave Yelp reviews) or our particular slice was off because the pizza was just ok.  There really was nothing spectacular about it. I'm pretty sure had I been buzzed and starving from a night of clubbing at Marquee, a slice of pizza from here would be money.As mediocre as my initial visit here was, I'm a sucker and will and go back to try the White Pizza everyone keeps mentioning in their reviews!
4	Luckily when I came here, there wasn't a super long line.  I came here with New Yorkers who were visiting Vegas for the first time.  Their pizza was NY Style flat crust, wide slices.  Oh man, they were either going to like it or hate it!!!For myself, I liked the pizza and that they offered PBR on tap.  It's a cheap quick meal in a casino/hotel that didn't have a lot of budget friendly options.  The NY friends of mine had mixed reactions.  A few said it was legit and very authentic and some didn't really care for it.  The one key about the pizza is the crust...it's crunchy and not soft/doughy.  That "crunch" is a rare thing...the crust wasn't dry but still had a nice crunch.  I appreciated that they took credit cards for paying but it's always a tossup as to what pizzas that they have available for slices.  The only way to know is to ask when you order or to look over the counter to see what they have.
3	I thought this was pretty overrated.I was really hungry so I ordered a white pizza slice and a mushroom slice. The mushroom was pretty solid, but underwhelmed me. The white pizza that everyone was raving about was okay - it was a bit bland and I had to douse it in pepper to make it a little more interesting. It was also waaay too greasy! There were puddles of grease on top of my slice.My boyfriend had the white slice and the Sicilian. He thought the Sicilian was too meaty (in a bad way), and also too salty.We left feeling pretty fat, lol. All the regrets when we went to XS that same night -___- Definitely should've only ordered one slice each, or skipped out on Secret Pizza altogether.The crust was pretty good, but nothing to write home about. Definitely one of the better pizzas I've had, but it's way overhyped. I'd probably come back for some drunchies, but otherwise, I'd skip out.Also, $4 for a red solo cup of soda?! Rip off :(
4	I was so excited to find this place! The Yelp reviews led me the right direction.The workers were really nice, espeically considering how hard and fast they were working b/c of the huge crowd. I love that they offer free water! The sodas were $4 for a solo cup size but the nice cold water fit the bill to wash down my slice. I wish I'd waited for my slice to cool a bit before I went after it. It was so fresh and hot that picking it up caused the toppings to slide around. I went folded style and it was greasy good. I'll try it again next time and chill out for a minute while it cools!
4	It was a Friday night in Vegas, we were about to paint the town all sorts of colors and we needed a little snack before consuming alcohol. Our friend had told us about the "Secret Pizza" that was somewhere inside the Cosmo, and with that our search began.It honestly wasn't that hard to find and there wasn't much of a line when we went but right after, a huge group came in. PERFECT TIMING. The pizza is fairly thin and mad greasy, get those napkins ready! I had the pepperoni and sausage pizza and it was a solid piece of pizza. Best I've ever had? Nah, brah. It was still pretty good and wouldn't mind venturing there again in a drunken stupor.
1	Overrated!  Overpriced!  They reheat their pizza, the guy pulled out a slice of cold pizza from underneath the counter and reheated for us.  Needless to say, it tasted like a day old pizza reheated in the microwave, who knows when it was cooked.... Compared to a Lombardi's white pizza, well there is no comparison.  The Secret Pizza was luke warm (that reheating thing does not work for me), the cheese was really chewy (baked hours ago), and the crust was not really that thin like a true NY pizza.  Overall, this place is way overrated and overpriced.  $6 for a slice of pizza is no deal......This place should stay "secret," BTW, unlike many of the other reviews, I was sober when I ate the pizza....
5	I have been hearing about this place for months from all my friends who have visited Vegas recently.  They all talk about Secret Pizza. It is a no name advertisement little pizza establishment in the Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino they all say.Well being when I stayed in the Cosmo for two night, I had Secret Pizza 4 times within 48 hours.  Maybe it was the dough or the awesome staff which kept me coming back but I was sold on the first bite.  I love NY style pizza and all the way in the desert thousands of miles from NY, NY, come a slice secretly made with imported NY water.Try the white slice and tipping big helps you skip through the line.dp
5	I was lucky enough to find this place when there was no line. The pizza is crisp and delicious. I couldn't have thought of a better way to end my night. You'll find this place on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan at the end of a hallway that has old albums plastered on the wall. It's very close to the exit of the Marquee nightclub (genius, isn't it?).
4	Most ironic name ever, since everyone knows about this place. For a good reason of course. After a night of clubbing we decided to take the trip to the Cosmo to get a slice of this and we were not disappointed! Just be prepared to wait, and wait, and wait. But when you get your slice you won't care anymore. I echo the sentiments of many of my fellow reviewers, i don't usually eat the crust but it's so damn good i just had to. Will be coming back.
3	So when I heard about Secret Pizza I was SUPER stoked. But after waiting in line for about 30 minutes after clubbing in my painful shoes and shelling out $20 for 2 slices of pizza I felt a little gypped. This was it?Ok ok, I'm being a little harsh. It was good. And nothing better than some greasy food after a night out, but I can't say that I left wanting to go back again like some other patrons. I'm indifferent about this place. Fun to try at least once though!
2	Do not believe the hype!! This place is super overrated. My friends and I were excited because of all the good things we heard about this place BUT $45 for 8 slices of pizza (pepperoni and mushroom only!) and a 1 hour wait after a full day of drinking at Marquee day club is not the business, (and you know everything tastes extra bomb after a day/night of drinking), but this place was mediocre, nothing special to this pizza joint. The place is also tiny, and claustrophobic as hell.
5	Someone told us (my boyfriend and I) to find the Secret Pizza joint at the Cosmopolitan, and that we would LOVE it. And, after 30 minutes of searching for this place, we feel in LOVE with this place! (the alcohol might have helped) I encourage everyone to adventure/trek/ search for this place. And when you find the place, order the White Pie Pizza - it's to die for!! Yummy yummy in my tummy. We also suggested this "pizza place" to our friend's parents who are of Sicilian decent, and they stated that the white pie pizza reminds them of their family made pizza from Sicily.
5	Love love love me some Secret Pizza! Crispy crust, melty cheese, and such flavorful sauce! It is well worth the effort to find Secret Pizza! Can't wait to go back again!
4	This place really is a secret!Approaching my Vegas trip, a friend told me to check out this place in the Cosmopolitan hotel.  I don't know how he found out about it, but apparently this place had really good pizza and was hidden somewhere in the Cosmo.  Oh it was hidden all right.  When I jumped on the Cosmopolitan hotel website to find a list of their restaurants....no listing for this place.  Luckily I stumbled on it here on Yelp, listed as "Secret Pizza".I followed other reviewers' directions and hints for finding the place: it's down a sorta-hidden hallway next to the pool tables on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo.  We could smell pizzas in the oven once we got to the 3rd floor, so we knew we were in the right place.  Even in the hotel there was no mention of this pizza place and no signs pointing towards it.  Even the restaurant is unnamed!But my friend was right, the pizza was delicious (although I think its novelty partially adds to the taste, haha)!  Crispy crust, fresh-tasting dough, and a delicious blend of cheese/sauce as topping!  I got the white pizza (feta and mozzerella cheeses instead of tomato sauce) with mushrooms on it.  I guess because mushrooms aren't a super popular topping, the chef just put raw mushrooms on a slice of white pizza before sending it through the oven to heat it up.  It's okay; still super good!!White pizza with mushrooms - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=RcmzA0Mj4T73Ytmdtj-ByQ#RcmzA0Mj4T73Ytmdtj-ByQWe lucked out coming in at 2pm, which I guess isn't part of the lunch crowd, so there wasn't a line.  However, I've heard there can be a pretty long line for this place, especially in the wee hours of the morning when the nightclubbers come out of Marquee.Good luck! :)
5	BEST pizza iv ever had. hard to find in cosmo, no entrance sign or anything, i asked the guy working there and he said this place doesnt even have a name hahabut its SOO good !definitely recommend this place!
5	Amazing pizza place. Hard to find but totally worth the wait and limited seating. Heard about this place from my friend who lives in Vegas and I ended up stopping by three times in two days. The most amazing pepperoni pizza I've ever had. The white pizza was to die for and the Sicilian pizza was super filling but wonderful!
3	Not as big as a secret as they make it out to be.  Pizza is pretty good, but the line was pretty long.Also, not as cheap as I would expect from this kind of pizzeria.  I haven't been back since my first visit.  Definitely more of a tourist trap eatery than a place for locals.
4	Definitely a fun place to find as you act like its a scavenger hunt in Vegas, the pizza was as New York as it gets in that part of town.Some might be turned off by the total lack of seating and long lines but all that is forgotten when you bite into your first slice.
4	Cheesey pizza?  Check.  Crispy and chewy crust?  Check and Check.  An outrageous amount of delicious grease?  Check that too.  I ordered one slice each of pepperoni and white pizza.  Both were good.  The pepperoni pizza reminded me a lot of what I get back home only with more cheese.  It was good and very hot.  I burned my mouth on that first bite.  Bummer.  Then came my slice of white pizza.  White sauce and a mixture of cheeses make this a very rich slice of pie.  I thoroughly enjoyed it while eating it but it did leave an off putting after taste in my mouth.  I can't quite place it.  It was almost floral.  Maybe it was the basil or something in the ricotta cheese.  I don't really know.  At least it was good while I ate it.  I also ordered a cup of Coke.  The grand total for this cheese feast was $14.  Seriously!?  For two slices of pizza and a Coke?  It seems high to me. That being said, given its location in one of the most high end places on the Las Vegas Strip, I should expect nothing less.  The pizza is good.  Not $5 per slice good but they have you right where they want you and you are at their mercy.  Or lack there of.  And for that I give them props for a sucessful business plan.Given the popularity and the long line to get a slice of pie, I think a more apt name for this place would be "Not So Secret Pizza."  Though I did have to ask where it was.  So maybe it is still a little bit of a secret.
5	This place is New York style thin crust pizza. We got 4 pies - pepperoni, veggie, white garlic, and plain cheese and they all rocked our world! Highly recommended!!!
3	Very good thin crust pizza, but at $4.50-$7.00 per slice its expensive fast food. Its worth it if you have been wining at the casinos but a bit hard to justify on a tight budget.
4	Secret Pizza is a great addition to the culinary group that the Cosmopolitan has to offer, and here are a couple of reasons why:1. If you are looking for something cheap, easy to eat, and convenient at odd/normal hours, this is the place for you. After a night of gambling and walking the strip all I wanted was some comfort food and I knew exactly which alley way to turn into. 2. They limit your selection -- meaning it isn't a vegas buffet in which you way 30+ bucks and have billions of things to choose from. It's more like you have 10 bucks and you should just choose 2 huge new york slices that will satisfy your tummy for a while...unless you can handle more but that's all you!3. They have a unique white sauce pizza that has a dollops of ricotta cheese and tastes like high caloric heaven, but is worth every bite. 4. The beauty is in the simplicity. A simple menu, simple products, simple food, simple happiness. There isn't an easier key to great food. Yes there might be a long line of drunkies at 2am, but that's why you plan ahead ;) Seating is an issue because the place is literally a narrow alley, but the great thing about pizza is that it's a walk and eat kind of item. 5. If you think that the slice is missing something you can add individual toppings for a cost and they will do it begrudgingly, for a SINGLE slice! Something I think that other pizza places can definitely learn from. Definitely a must visit in Vegas and it is in on the my favorite hotels on the strip, a perfect fit!
4	If you happen to be in or around the Cosmopolitan hotel and want a quick bite, this place might be worth checking out. It's located on the same floor as STK, almost directly across from it. It doesn't have a sign to tell you it's there and it's located through a small little hallway, so it may be a little bit tricky to find. This place has New York style pizza. You can order by the slice, and if you want extra toppings on it, just ask and they'll put it on before reheating it in their oven. Very simple pizza but tasty. It's a very small place, and basically standing room only. This place is more of a grab and eat on the go because you can't really dine in. Worth checking out if you're close by, and who doesn't love pizza when they are drunk?
5	I love Secret Pizza...sober or not, it is pretty darn delicious!I have been to Secret Pizza at all times of the day and there is always a huge line (30 to an hour wait).  That is the only downfall.  I love the white spinach or sausage pizza.  It is open till 5 a.m. and I have made a trek here after clubbing in heels all night, just for my fix of pizza!
3	Sigh.  Another overrated place in Vegas.  I am starting to sense a pattern.  The places with 500+ reviews usually are just places that drunk college aged kids go because they think it's cool.  Then they give it a good review on Yelp because everybody else says it's good.Well, I am going to say that this place is not deserving of its reviews.First off, the line is pretty long regardless of when you go.Secondly, the pie itself... is average.  The crust is thin, which I love, but it doesnt have the crispiness that normal NY style pizzas have.We ordered the mushroom and sausage pie for $35.  The toppings were average if not subpar.I don't think I would go back because of the line.  Again, it's good, but nothing amazing.  And that wait just makes it not worth it.
5	This place isn't that secret.  Get up to the 3rd floor, its right off the escalator with all the music blasting and vinyls on the wall.  I'm from New York and this is New York style pizza.  The slices are big and at $6 for a combo, hodge podge slice with a gazillion toppings-- they're New York style prices too.  The crust has that good crisp and chew, the toppings are fresh.  After a long night... I dont' want to wait for a table at Cafe Vettro or whatever.  I want a frickin slice and Secret Pizza hits the spot every time.
5	This place isn't much of a 'secret' thanks to Yelp. I'm glad for that because we were able to find this little pizza place on our first night in Vegas. Delicious pizza! Totally worth the wait.. Thanks Yelpers for the pics, because we were able to find it!
4	Tasty, big slices and only two draft beer taps but one was Stone IPA. Cool atmosphere in the Cosmo pool table lobby area. Found the place easily, thanks to Yelp!
5	This pizza was so good. The sausage was spicy and the crust was so crispy. Omg. But in also kinda drunk so... But still if was really good.
5	Not really a secret...its clearly marked on the hotel property map - 3rd Floor, unmarked hallway with vinyl's on the wall.  Maybe if you're not a guest of the hotel its more of a secret ;)   Depending on what time you go, the line can be lengthy but it seems to move quickly.  Counter style ordering; very few seats inside, several pies to choose from (either full pie or slice).  Even PBR on draft!  Once you pick your flavor, the slice gets sent back in the oven for a few minutes... comes to you warm, crunchy and just delicious!  Pay the man and then either find a seat inside (unlikely) or take your slice outside into the main hotel area.   Along the back wall you can find hot pepper flakes and Parmesan to top your slice off - yum!The pizza was thin crunchy crust just how I like it and had good flavor!   I was happy to try this spot, even if it was a late night snack!
1	What are are the 5 star reviews for. The pizza was terrible. Very Greasy and expensive. 2 things. 1st they get great ratings due to the fact that the kids review the place on the spot when the are drunk and think its the best pizza. Also I think it maybe was good when it 1st came out but they started to go cheap on things. Also why do you guys reheat the pizza after ordering it. There was a line out the door. keep the pizza it a hot display case or something so you can serve it faster and not have to toss it in the oven.downtown pizza is still my favorite.
4	Overpriced, but pretty damn good.  Would I pay for this outside of Las Vegas and the strip or outside of the Cosmopolitan?  Probably not, but would come back the next visit to Vegas.  We were lucky enough to stroll right up to the counter and order.  Think we both had two slices each, a beer and a soda for 31 bucks.  The guy behind me had a slice of pizza that looked absolutely divine.  The guy who took our order was genuinely friendly and helpful and was able to get me a refill on my diet coke under fire. There is very limited room to sit or even stand and eat yo' pizza, a lot of folks took it down the hall into the lobby, a clue to those looking for this place.  It's pretty easy to find, right next to Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar and Grill and the P3Studio.  I actually liked that they took the pizza and reheated it in the oven, didn't take too long, but I can see if there was a long line.
4	Holy crap the wait was soo long! I must've waited at least an hour. It was such a tease because I could see the pizzas and smell the aroma of freshly baked pizza, but the line was moving at a snail's pace! If I didn't see a line of people extending out of the place I wouldn't have been able to find it. It's just a hallway riddled with albums and artwork on the 3rd floor right outside of Marquee.I ordered the sausage, pepperoni, and bell pepper pizza. The sausages were amazing; they weren't the typical types that you encounter at many pizza joints. I liked the sauce and the crust. The combination of sausages and pepperoni was too salty. One or the other would've been perfect.
5	Hidden within the coolest hotel in Vegas, the Cosmo. This place is just plain cool. No signs, no advertising, just word of mouth. 5.50 for pizza in Vegas. And open until 5am.  Spoiler alert.3rd floor
5	If you can find this place it is great, but the wait is very long and the slices a bit high prices.
4	Secret Pizza is an experience.  Walk through a twilight zone tunnel to transport yourself from a chi chi and expensive Las Vegas casino offering Jose Andre's prices into a New York pizzeria offering pizza by the slice from a dude wearing a Mets baseball cap.  Prices are steeper than in Manhattan, but the experience is very trippy (and gives you an affordable) option to eat.  The pizza is solid.
5	Will, Hector make a great pizza. Nice casual environment to enjoy a $5 pizza.  Buried on third floor of the Cosmo hotel surrounded by $$$ restaurant.  A definite "gotta go" for a excellent slice of real NY pizza
5	I try not to give very many places five stars but i love hole in the wall places like this. Although, like several other people have said, it is not necessarily a secret due to its location being easily accessible, I love the fact there is no advertisement for it, and finding it is kind of an adventure on its own. Besides all this, the pizza is honestly some of the best I've tasted. It really feels like I'm eating some authentic New York style pizza. Lastly, I love that it is open until i believe 4am, that way after I am done going out with friends we can always catch a slice before we head home!
2	I don't know what the fuss about this place is about...We waited 1.5 hours for a couple slices of pizza. The line wasn't even long at all. We were maybe 15 people deep. This place is just extremely inefficiently set up. The guys are jumping around everywhere to grab a pizza, grab toppings, throw it in the oven, grab parmesan, etc...The pizza itself was decent but waiting 1.5 hours for 2 slices...
2	Its ok when your drunk.. Other than that its nothing special
3	It was definitely overhyped by the time I got to try it, so that's probably why I think it's just okay.  I was expecting life-changing pizza, but it's just like any other thin crust, NY style pizza.It's way overpriced!  I went with 3 friends and we managed to make it more cost effective by buying one whole pizza and a 2-liter vs. separate slices and separate drinks for all 4 of us.  I think that cut $20 off our potential bill haha.One positive - we went around... 11:30 a.m. (?) so we beat the lunch rush and didn't have to wait in a line.  Once we got our pizza, there was a line of at least 20 people long.  I'd rather eat at Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo and get my pizza from NYNY down the strip!
5	Not really a secret, but it's the best pizza for the best price. The slices are huge, but I managed to eat two (pepperoni and white pizza). The white pizza has ricotta and lots of garlic. It was rice, but so so good. Also, they serve beer in red dixie cups. College! Not a whole lot of standing room, but you can take your pizza to the fancy couches and chairs in the lobbies directly outside. I'm a fan.
5	Best pizza I've ever eat.I read about the long waits but in my experience I didn't wait more than five minutes on a 4th of july for lunch.There is not enough space for a group of five inside. If you don't see the pizza you like, ask for it, they will make it fast.If you gonna eat more than 2 slices, buy the whole pizza instead.My favorite : salami, sausage and tomatoes.
5	How about dat dough?! Wow, watching them do work on the pizza dough was impressive, which made the pizza really impressive! The pizza chefs are pretty legit there.There was not a long line (just about 5 people in front) when I went (around 7:30PM). A friend of mine recommends me the place cause she knows what Vegas is all about! It took a long time to make the whole pizza pie for 3 people to share though (35 mins), but it was definitely worth the wait. Waiting was not so hard, it's good to walk around and do something else around (gamble). ;) The pepperoni and meatball are delicious toppings, and the center of the pizza was magnificent. That first bite has the perfect ratio of tomato sauce and cheese, then as you eat towards the crust more cheese! The dough was so good that I ate everything! I normally don't eat the crust but it was really that good to me. I'm not a huge critic on pizza like I don't really pay so close of attention to how they make it, but I have eaten pizza around NYC like Grimaldi's and Lombardi's. I have a bigger heart for this place. :)
4	Pizza is not my go to food AT all. Pizza makes me paranoid...Why? Because I don't want that oily crap in my system! Yet I love desserts...like that's any better.Anyway this place was pretty bomb. I love how it literally seems like a secret location. Top floor of the Cosmopolitan, and there is no sign indicating that it's a pizza place. I had to look at the yelp photos to make sure it was the right place and indeed it was! Get the Super Deluxe slice because you could add up to 6 toppings (I think) for $6 iish bucks. I only went with 4 toppings: mushroom, sliced sausage, dried tomatoes, and olives. YUM. They basically cook your pizza by the order. Their sliced sausage is so flavorful! It's pretty thick cut too. The pizza itself is delicious! Cool place to eat at!
4	PIZZA.  The greasy kind. The hot and cheesy kind. The nothing special kind. This is it. I managed to end up here for dinner not once but TWICE on my recent Vegas vacation, and we were only there for four evenings total.The night we arrived our flight had been delayed a couple of ours. It was 3 AM our time and we were tired, groggy, and didn't feel like making an adventure to anywhere for dinner. Secret pizza seemed like a good solution. It was actually pretty easy to find- the hallway with album covers leads you to the pizza. I had a slice of sicilian and my boyfriend had a slice of the meatball & pepperoni. Total cost for the two of us was $14 - considering most dinners in Vegas start at around $20 a person, this is a good deal! There was no line when we went. The pizza itself was nothing special. I would say it probably tops Sbarro but wouldn't go far beyond that.  The guys serving the pizza were really nice too- so thumbs up for that.Then another night, we were all very drunk by around 9pm because we had been KILLING it at a craps table and hey...they kept bringing us drinks. We were definitely in no condition to survive a meal at a regular restaurant without knocking over a few glasses or napping at the table. So secret pizza it was. We stumbled there from the casino- luckily it was just a short escalator ride. My very drunk friend was VERY excited about the fact that they had mushroom pizza on deck. I think I got a slice of cheese but can't remember exactly....I remember just looking at all the options and pointing at the one that looked most delicious. I have no clue what my boyfriend got that night but I think he got just one slice. I paid...drunkenly, because I found the receipt the next morning. It was just over $20 for our three slices. I actually don't remember eating the pizza that night.  So I think what we can say from this experience is that the pizza wasn't spit-it-out terrible nor was it moaning-worthy good. It satisfied my need for non-liquid calories and  that's about it. This place gets 4 stars because it serves a need that was not previously met on other visits to Vegas. I'm pretty sure the servers at Jaleo are counting their lucky stars this place exists right next door and they don't have to serve all those drunken people. It's nice to have a place to grab a quick bite and a decent price (compared to other Vegas places). Long live Secret Pizza!
5	They have 4-5 types of pizza and all are delicious.Even the plain cheese slice is AMAZING!try the white slice.the boys at the counter are always quick and friendlynom nom nom nomfyi the secrets out :)
5	The pizza was tender and delicious.   It just melts in your mouth.  I love round table's king arthur, but this pizza just melts in your mouth.  I devoured my slice in a flash.  My brother and I then bought a large and devoured that as well.  Pizza lovers have to come here.  It is on the expensive side for a slice of pizza, but overall is an amazing experience.
5	Love this place!  It's a definite must every time i'm in vegas!  I always get the whole pie, half white sauce and half red sauce with sausage. Simple but amazing!  My tips: Takes about 30 minutes or so for a whole pie, so don't come starving!
4	I recently came here at 3 a.m. with a group of friends after we were done clubbing at Hyde. ROOKIE MISTAKE. Oh man, I feel so dumb. I have been a fan of Secret Pizza since day one, and this was the first time I went at such an insane hour. Egad. I don't recommend this AT ALL. Sure, we were the fools that walked from one damn casino to another, which in all honesty is also a dumb mistake. But the pizza here is so, so good! Nice, thin and crisp!After the long trek from the Bellgio to the Cosmopolitan, we saw the crowd but got in line nonetheless. After waiting for more than 20 minutes we decided that in order to make the most of it we should order a whole pie. Well some other people had the same idea and they had been waiting for 45 minutes. What? We ended up getting one slice per person, which is really sad (and kind of expensive). This was a week ago and I am still craving pizza. The lesson? Go before midnight. You'll thank me for it.
3	Hype hype hype hype hype..more hype..That's what I thought about Secret Pizza at the Cosmopolitan. Maybe, I'm spoiled by many great pizza places in Portland, so this one just doesn't do anything for me. We had one slice of the White pizza. It was just ok. It was soooooo greasy. Yes, this place is cheap for Vegas standard and especially for Cosmopolitan standard. Does it worth it to try it? Sure. Does it worth to come back again for it? Probably not.
4	I am probably one of the few that would not wait in the long lines after the club and would have been more pissed when a slice is about $4 (which is not too bad) to $8 (which is insane for one slice!). I've seen a few people walk out with two slices. I would have probably just ordered a whole entire pizza, which is what we did during the day.We called in advance and ordered two full size pizzas. Those run anywhere between $27-$35. You can get drinks (both alcohol and sodas) and dessert. Now the low down on the food. The pizza is thin crust and they're able to cook the dough just right.
5	Always amazing!!! One slice of veggie pizza really hits the spot for me! It was super delicious and the service here is always nice and fun!
4	Down a dark and dank corridor hides a pretty yummy slice of pizza.  Luckily we went during the day at around 2pm...so we missed the lunch rush and didn't have to contend with the after club drunkos.  At first I had no idea where I was going because as you walk down the corridor all you see are pinball machines---so at first I thought I was going to a game room, but then just as I turn the corner---I am greeted by a happy go lucky pizza dude.I tried the white pizza and hubby had the meat lovers---they were both very good and surprising not super greasy.  We both finished our slices---completely.  The white pizza has 3 or 4 different cheeses including ricotta, mozzarella, and some other cheeses that elude me right now--but drizzled on top if some sort of garlic oil.  Yum!  The meat lovers had sausage and pepperoni.  I didn't want to wash it down with any lively libations or pop, so just asked for water---which was surprising right next to the register at a cold water cooler.  The pizza dude was very nice and offered us up cups of ice.I will definitely stop by here again on my next visit.  Quick, yummy, and fun to know we found the secret pizza in the fancy schmancy hotel.
4	Great thin crust pizza.  open late night... the lines do get really long.
2	Have the people who rave about this place never had pizza before or are they plain drunk? This place is about as standard as pizza gets. Sure, it is not bad, but there is nothing going on here that sets it apart from other competent pizza joints. In the same building, a couple dozen yards away, you find excellent Neapolitan pizza at DOCG. It is a more expensive, but on another realm when it comes to satisfying your taste buds. If you are drunk in the Cosmo and need nourishment, this is not a bad bet. If not, there are plenty of better options.
5	Hidden in a tiny hallway in the Cosmopolitan. We stop by here every time we go to Vegas, and they never disappoint. Staff is always friendly and are genuinely happy to see you. Make sure you order by the pie instead of by the slice and it'll save you and your friends some money. The guy at the register told me the wait for a freshly cooked pizza was 45 min, but it came out in 20. Even remembered me by my name. We ordered a pepperoni pizza and it tasted great! Definitely coming back the next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Not sure if it's truly a secret being popular on yelp, but glad I was let in on it. Absolutely loved this stop on my tour of the CosmoFood: 5, Atmosphere: 4, Service: 4Cost to worth it rating: 3Return worthiness : yes!Eve award: one of the best slices I've hadHighlights:- Pizza: amazing. Perfect chewy yet crispy crust, fresh tomato sauce, and tasty toppings. I'm gonna go out and say it's one of my favorite ever and one of the best things I ate on this trip. It's so good, I can't do it justice in the description.- Toppings: stoked they had meatball and ricotta. Thinly sliced huge circles of meat were fantastic - Open late: we went at 3am on a Sunday - Atmosphere: small spot you get to in a long hallway with a few pies out for slices and pinball machines.Lowlights: - Wasn't in the hotel we were in and didn't discover it until our last night there so only had it once :-/Loved this pizza and can't wait to have it again!
4	This pizza joint has a pretty cool environment. It has bit of a retro feel with the pinball machines and video arcade. There is limited seating and most likely you'll be standing. I ordered the white slice and a "vegetarian" slice (olives, peppers and mushrooms). They were superb: thin and crispy, yet chewy. The pizzas were flavorful! I had to deduct one star because there were pretty big chunks of cheese on the white slice, which looked a bit revolting and unpleasant when I took a bite. However, this won't deter me from coming back and I'll definitely be trying the other slices.
5	No matter where you are in Las Vegas, this is one of the best Pizza places there is! Whether your drunk or sober, the pizza is a treat! Be mindful of what time you show up here tho, FRIDAY and SATURDAY nights the line can be out the door and down the hall, but still worth the wait! Their white pizza is a must and their meatball on any pizza is a must! Love this place!
5	How is this place a secret? You can't find it, that's how!LOCATIONInside the Cosmopolitan, 3rd floor, in the circle of food, in a small narrow alleyway that looks like an entrance to the bathroom. There's always a line of people looking really drunk or bored. WHITE PIZZAis awesomeeeeee. We got our pizza half white, half margarita. We devoured two slices before leaving the Cosmo. The white cheese is a ricotta I think...and it's scrumptious, especially when you're drunk. PEPPERONIjust as yummy....but I like the white a little better. TIP: get half and half. PRICESare steep, of course. At $18 a pizza, it better be effing awesome, all the time. And it is.TRICK TO NOT WAITING IN LINEI'm not telling. Stand in line. =)
4	This place is great! The line is long but well worth the wait, I will be back for some good pizza.
5	This is the best kept secret, that's not really a secret, in Vegas. It might be more appropriate to call it the pizza place with no name, because the secret is not one anymore.It is kind of hidden, but everyone knows about it. I am from NYC, so I consider myself a good judge of pizza. I have been to some of the best spots in NYC too. I never thought I would find a place in the states, outside of NYC, that I would put in my top 10. This place just cracked my list.It was so good. The crust, sauce, and mozzarella were all perfect. For pizza lovers, this is a must stop while in Vegas.
4	Looking for NY pizza in Las Vegas. Look no further. Hidden in the Cosmopolitan hotel near Marquee's entrance. you walk down a long hall and there you will find Secret Pizza. This is not a cheap NY pie like everyone else has written on Yelp. But if you need a NY pizza fix here is the place you will it.
4	Great pizza, worth the wait.  Kinda pricey but acceptable if you've been lucky in Vegas.
5	3rd floor by the pool table!its soooo good.pepperoni and sausage. Hands down best deal in Vegas!And outside from Italy, best pizza in US.
4	Good pizza, prices a little steep, but Vegas style.  Kinda a cool semi-hidden little gem in the Cosmo.
5	Really cool that you can find some reasonably priced pizza tucked into this massive hotel. When you just get tired of paying for expensive meals, this is a nice change. I think the secret is out.
4	Great late night pizza! Got there at the perfect time and didn't have a long wait but as we were finishing up the crowds were rolling in! Glad we were able to find it within the Cosmo.
4	To be honest I already forgot where it's located.It's cute, though. No sign, cute little hallway, album covers on the wall... I got a slice of white pizza and even though it was good (albeit being on the thin and floppy side), I needed more variety than garlic all the way. I suggest trying different toppings as well.There was no wait when we went, but it was early on a weeknight. Might as well go for the novelty of it. The place could use more seating, but what I liked most is that it felt like just a casual pizza joint. You're just grabbing a relaxing bite to eat. No pretentiousness that goes along with a lot of other things in Vegas.
3	It's not a secret anymore! If you like thin NY/Brooklyn-esq style pizza, this might be right up your ally. We're not talking healthy pizza here. Cheesy goodness for late night snackin! It is open late and pretty popular on weekends.Pizza is on the 3rd floor down a unmarked hallway by the pool table lounge area.The directional signs at the hotel at least give you the floor #. Check that out if you forget (look for the word pizza), preferably when you're not intoxicated. Hrm, when does that ever happen in Vegas?  :XAnyway, it's like looking for the bathroom at the Cosmo. Eventually, you will find it!
2	Overrated!The pizza is just ok, and like many reviewers say there isn't much to choose from.  To top it all off the staff is nothing but a bunch of guys that think they're still 16 but sadly are not.  Customer service is lacking big time.This place is ridiculously overpriced for a meh slice of pizza and a solo cup of soda.  I think this is purely a case of people jumping on a bandwagon simply because its a "secret" pizza spot thats not so secret considering you can ask anyone how to find it, including google.Don't waste your time looking for this subpar, expensive pizza unless you just want an "adventure."
4	Great pizza if you can sneak in without a line. The deep dish Sicilian pizza is $8 a slice but SO good! For sure the best price in the Cosmo for a late night snack.
4	I've known about this not-so-secret establishment for about a year but was never afforded an opportunity to try it out until this last weekend.  After being bumped around and not being able to dance with my wife across the street at the Gallery Nightclub inside Planet Hollywood, we decided that we were at wits end and that pizza was the only thing that could make the night even better.  I suggested Secret Pizza to her and we started our trek.  We made a short jaunt to The Cosmopolitan and started our pizza pilgrimage.The Yelpers before me did an excellent job at describing where the place was located and that helped a great deal because it would have taken me a while.   Secret Pizza is tricky to find because you're essentially looking for a hallway.  Once you get up the escalator on the third floor, you walk a little and turn to the left.  When you see the hallway, just walk toward the end and follow the incredible smell. I've had good pizza before as I've had it in just about any locale you can think of.  I've only been to NYC once and I remember how good it was there.  I can say with pure certainty that the "White Pizza" is quite possibly the best that I've had anywhere and that is monumental since I have this weird obsession with ranking EVERYTHING that I eat. If a long wait isn't too much of a deterrent then I can't recommend this place enough.
4	Amazing pizza
5	Legit pizza!
2	I might be biased because I'm not a fan of pizza....but then I don't think I'm biased because I can tell from a good pizza to an average pizza...and this is no good pizza.My boyfriend usually gets hungry during night time.  Since we are already staying at The Cosmopolitan, we decided to hunt down this place and check out the "mystery" secret pizza place.  He's a typical guy's guy so pizza is his thing, and even he said that it was average.
4	Delicious pizza!   We got lost trying to find this place because it's literally a secret place.  There is no signage stating what it is and when you look down the hallway, all you can see is a game machine.  When you walk down the hallway, there are all of these cool, vintage record covers.  They serve huge slices of pizza for about $5 a slice and drinks in red solo cups.  It's cheaper to get a whole pizza, and the 1 slice doesn't necessarily fill you up, so you might as well get a whole pie.  This is definitely worth a stop.
4	Secret Pizza (Cosmopolitan)Las Vegas Strip, NV3pm Tuesday 6th August 2013Four StarsLocated on the top floor of the Cosmo restaurant/shop area, this little pizza place delivers a great snack.  We enjoyed a $5 slice of Mushroom and $5 slice Green Pepper and Onion.  The crust had a crisp outside and soft inside.  The toppings were nicely cooked.  They even serve beer in red plastic cups.If you a person who is price sensitive, then here is a tip about Vegas:1. Look at the Vegas Price2. Divide it in Half3. Think: would I buy this for this reduced price at any other place4. If yes, then BuyExample: $5 slice of pizza in Vegas is really a $2.50 slice of pizza anywhere else, which is a great deal.Note: This formula works in a lot of places, such as Disneyland, the Fair, and any sporting event.
4	The food: the food here is really good. This place is hidden down a hallway in the Cosmopolitan with a bunch of pictures all the way down until you get inside this place. And although its called secret pizza place it's not really a secret you can ask for directions if you need them. I've had the cheese pizza here and it is really good classic foldable cheesy greasy pizza. However I recently tried the white pizza on the recommendation of a friend and I have to say wow. I had the white pizza with tomatoes and loved it. Big slices still the same grease level and just plain delicious. I will be going with the white pizza from now on. The only thing about this place is its more expensive then your average pizza place but that comes with the territory since it is on the strip. Definitely still recommend it.The service: the service at this place is really good the staff friendly they can get busy which can sometimes slow things down just depends on the day. You can get slices or a whole pizza. Not a lot of room to sit but you can always walk and eat. Or grab a slice or pie for the room.
5	This was our best food find in Vegas to date! My friend and I were starving at 2am and not up for a mediocre buffet. Yelp recommended  this place. The directions were confusing so we called and  the friendly staff told us they were in The Cosmopolitan on the 3rd floor.  Upon reaching the 3rd floor no signs could be found at all. A nice dressed hotel attendant recognized we were lost and flagged us over. We said Pizza? He directed us to a small hallway and said "it's a secret" with a smile,  The line was long filled with lots of young dressed to Party.  We were tired  and debating if we wanted to wait the 30 min. The young couple in front of us said we should as it was there 2nd time back and it was worth it. So glad we stayed. The white pizza was amazing and the crust perfect. We came back again today and are taking a whole pie home. The price is reasonable, the  staff is super friendly at all hours of the day and the quality is superb! Thank you Yelp
1	This place sucks. Slow. If you order a whole pizza, they put you in the back of the queue.
4	this place doesnt actually have a name! it's at the end of a hallway in the cosmo. with no signs at all. so it's been lovingly nicknamed as secret pizza.im not a huge fan of pizza myself but i heard that this place was worth a try. i asked the girl in front of me in line what she recommended. and she said the white slice was rly good. it's basically a slice of white cheeses. i'm not rly sure what kind. but it was $5. and i went ahead and added mushrooms for an extra $0.50they didn't have it out at the time so they said it would take 15 minutes to make. i waited it out and it was hot and fresh and melted cheesey when i got it.i had to pat it with a napkin since it was a bit greasy/oily for my liking. but with the pepper flakes that i added, it was rly good! and their pepper flakes actually add a rly nice spicy kick..i bet this pizza would taste amazing as drunk food but i heard the line gets crazy long during after-club hours
3	It was our first time to this place after hearing from everybody about how great it is. Pizza was good not great, let me explain. The sauce and cheese are good quality, the crust and dough was to hard. We did go in the afternoon on an off time, so the pizza may have not been that fresh.  I read how everybody is a pizza expert because they are either Italian or from New York, well being an Italian from the Bronx, I don't expect NY quality pizza from anywhere else other then NY. And I understand I was on the strip so I was willing to get ripped off price-wise but 25 dollars for 4 slices(two sicilians/ two regular) of left over pizza. I'm gonna try this place again when they are busy on a Friday night and hopefully get fresh pizza!
5	GOD, SECRET PIZZA ALWAYS HITS THE SPOT. From the very first time I stumbled upon this "secret" place to every time I've been to vegas after, this pizza spot ALWAYS delivers. During my last vegas trip, I discovered the magic of CALLING AHEAD!!! Yes you can use any house phone and have the operator connect you to this pizza joint to order your delicious pie. All you have to do is called 35-45mins before you anticipate eating (say....call 35mins before you leave the dayclub or while you are winning big money @ the tables) and VOI-LA....you have FRESH pizza for your drunkchies. As for which pie to order, cant go wrong with pepperoni but veterans know that the WHITE PIZZA at Secret Pizza is THE BEST!! Mozzarella, ricotta, garlic, drizzled with olive oil with NO sauce!! Thin, CRISPY and DELICIOUS!!!!!!
4	The only thing secret about this place is how to get the damn water dispenser to work.Every time I've been here, I end up looking like a retard sideshow pressing buttons on the dispenser while cursing, but nothing coming out. You think that's funny, try doing it drunk.........Yes, I was that girl. And every time, one of the guys behind the counter simply reaches over, press the same buttons I was fiddling with and *viola*.......H2O! ::derp::Pleeeeease! Tell me how you did it!!Judging from the 1300+ reviews, the cat's out of the bag so the lines are loooong after the club. Call ahead if you want a whole pizza, or just go at odd hours of the day. It's not the best pizza I've ever had -- though still pretty damn good -- but you can't beat the convenience and price when you want something to sop up the alcohol before Kaskade comes on. And if you STILL don't know where the place is, just follow the drunk folks up the escalators after you exit Marquee and you're gold.
5	So good. Rivals Bronx Pizza in Hillcrest. This one tastes even better thanks to the late night cognac at the gambling tables. Don't forget the canolis.
4	I've tried a few stale pizza slices from this place when my friends would bring it back into the hotel room but never been there myself until this past weekend!We were starving after Marquee Dayclub so decided to get a box.The line wasn't too bad and we waited about 30 minutes for our food.We went with sausage and pepperoni and it was SO GOOD.I usually can't deal with super cheesiness but the cheese oozing off this pizza actually got me super excited!Def hits the spot, can't wait to go back!
4	Yum, yum, delicious!  The pizza here tastes great!  I love coming back.  The pizza with the white sauce is amazing and the crust is crisp.  They definitely try to be speedy in their service, but it is always busy.  Definitely worth the wait!
5	Well now I know why this place is called Secret Pizza....it is truly a hidden gem! But it was sooo worth it! Order the WHITE PIZZA!!!!! Seriously it was the best pizza I have ever eaten...and not because I was drunk :) it is worth the wait. Take it back to your hotel room and just enjoy!
5	Super cool guys!! Perfect hangover food!!I love when the bottom of the pie is crispy but not burnt. Delish!!
5	WHITE PIZZA. They don't have it? Order it and WAIT. There's no meat on it??? Wuttttt?? Well, IT DOESN'T MATTER. I'm a carnivore, but man... I have dreams about that white pizza. No... not CHEESE pizza... WHITE PIZZA.
5	I gotta admit, this is one of the best slices of pizza I've had. Ordered a single slice of their supreme and all the flavors were on point. Crust was perfect in taste and texture. Had the right amount of grease (it was there, but not running down my arms).Disclaimer: I'm a California guy and have never had NY pizza.
5	Omigod, Secret Pizza.  I knew about this place through Yelp, and added to the "must-dos" for our trip last weekend.  Little did I know it really was a must-do, as the "fine dining' dinner we paid $200 for right next door left us hungry.  But, Secret Pizza was still really, really, really good pizza.Okay, I think it's, what, $4-$5 for a slice of pizza.  So what?  Order a whole one for under $30 and you can split it with your friends and get the most of your money.Their crust is SO GOOD.  Thinking about it now makes we want to go back, immediately.  If anyone here knows of a place in Los Angeles that has pizza similar to what Secret Pizza has going on, let me know!!!!!No wait at around 10pm on a Saturday night.
3	Pepperoni is my measurement among pizza places, and it was a great piece of pizza.  Not the best I have had, but definitely a good piece of Pizza.  My wife had a piece of "white" pizza and it was great as well.The $4 fountain soda in a red solo cup is pretty lame.  I would have drank 3 of them but not for $12..... I would eat here again, but not go out of my way for it.Very small place, with only a couple chairs.  I think that is the ambiance it is trying for, but just be aware that you will not have a place to sit and eat.
4	So glad we found it.  Great crust and toppings.  I never eat the crust but ate every last bite.  Only recommendation is maybe add a little more sauce.  Will come back whenever we are in Vegas.  Yum!
5	My favorite pizza in Vegas! The bad thing is I never stay at The Cosmo. So accessibility is a downer. It's kinda a hike to get to this joint, but if you've never been... It's worth it.
5	Easy to find, 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan, close to Marquee, take a right from the escalator, look for the hallway with the vintage records and you've found secret pizza! Worth the wait! The pizza was so damn tasty and light, I got the supreme. Usually dairy and I aren't friends but this didn't cause any problems. The crust was the perfect texture and it wasn't drowned in cheese and grease. People kept asking where we got the pizza and while I didn't wanna share my secret the telltale line gave it away :) it's the perfect late night snack and I wanted to ppl to like me so I pointed them in the right direction and said 'you're welcome'. Definitely gonna go back.
5	I stayed at the Cosmopolitan and I hit up this place 2 of the 3 nights I was in Vegas.  My only regret is not going 3 for 3.  The pizza here is sooooo good!  I tried a classic slice of pepperoni and a slice of the pepperoni & sausage.  The pepperoni & sausage is the winner here.  Avoid this place past 2 am on Saturday night or you'll be in a long line with ratchets and haters.
4	Nothing too "secret" about it. The white cheese pizza was alright. I was drunk as hell but still didn't finish the pizza. It got dry.. But then again maybe it was cause I has cotton mouth. I would return again though cause its open late. Nice trip after marquee.
5	Great NY style pizza.  Not the best pizza of this style that I've ever had but in the top 3.   My hubby and kids loved it too.
5	Greasy, garlicky, cheesy, orgasm in your mouth is how I can best describe the delicious white sauce pizza from Secret Pizza!Although the place is not much of a secret anymore since everyone and their mamas could be found standing in the hour + line at 2am after clubbing at Marquee. It seems like the typical thing to do now if you ever find yourself during that time at the Cosmo. I had the pleasure of staying at the Cosmo for two nights and during the first night I came with my bf at 10pm with no lines and we only waited for about 15 minutes for our customized white pizzas that came fresh from the oven. But during the second night I came with Sidney T. after clubbing and the line was ridiculous! It stretched out into the lobby area! Also, since it took us an hour to even get to the front, we just opted for the pre-made pizza that's been sitting out and I have to say it was just not the same as ordering it and eating it fresh from the oven. I'd definitely recommend ordering it fresh and don't forget to add the oregano and chili flakes from the condiment counter for extra yumminess!
5	Good. Good Good. It's a landmark.
4	One of Cosmos best places to eat.  The pizza is one of the best pizzas I ever had and the best drunk food after Marquee.  The lines are long most of the time so if you are staying at the hotel it is best to just order the pizza to the room.  The pizza goes about 32 dollars a pie and worth it.
3	**3 1/2 stars**IMHO this place is overhyped. I ordered a regular cheese slice, and my two friends shared a white sicilian. The supposedly "new york style" cheese slice: Decent slice? Yes. New York style? Not so much. The cheese was good. It had a complex flavor, a little sharp, and cooked crispy. The crust left a lot to be desired. It was a little hard, chewy, and maybe a little stale (to be fair, it was midnight, but still... c'mon it's Vegas). The sauce was fine, but not enough. Hmm... size-wise, a small slice, not worth the $4.50 Overall: Meh...slightly above average. Hence, the 3 1/2 stars.The White sicilian: A much more subtle and delicate slice, slightly sweet also. Different white cheeses blended gave a nice flavor. Little islands of good cheese were sweet and refreshing. The crust was soft, spongy, and very thick. It reminded me more of a loaf of focaccia bread. Not exactly a new york style Sicilian, but good. I would give this one 3 stars, only average.The condiments bar: A new york style condiment counter with oregano and garlic powder, in addition to the typical crushed red pepper and parmesan. I appreciated this, it's nice to have.The atmosphere: First of all, it's really really hard to find this place. We had to ask four staff members through what seemed like an endless maze and multiple floors. The pizza place itself is a little hole in the wall pizzeria down a long tunnel hallway, which instantaneously transports you from the Cosmo glitz to a no frills NYC pizzeria (ok a fake, touristy, manufactured NYC pizzeria). There's only one counter bar to eat on inside. So, we chose to port our pizza to the retro glam seating area right outside (back into the Cosmo Glam world).Price: $4.50 for a slice is ok at the Cosmo, but no New Yorker in their right mind would pay that much, especially for such a small slice. (Ok, Ok I know this is Vegas...but YOU try this small slice, and then tell me if it's worth the price). Bottom Line: The pizza is ok, not worth the schlepp though (or the price for that matter). I would come back if I'm drunk and hungry after midnight. I have a feeling it's good drunk food. *wink*
4	You know a place is good if there is ALWAYS a line!! Haha  went there last night. We just got pepperoni pizza and it definitely hit the spot. I don't know if I agree with the pricing structure tho... Each slice is 5 bucks (okay, fine, we r on the strip) but if u want to order a full pizza (8 slices), you have to wait an additional 30-45 minutes (after already waiting in line). OR you can get 8 slices in one large pizza box, each slice for 5 bucks, right then. They charge you less if you wait the additional time, so I guess some people don't mind. But perhaps they should form a separate line for those who want a full pizza?
5	Man, oh, man. This is a hidden gem on the Vegas Strip. I found out about this place from a bellhop at a competing hotel - that's how I knew this place was gonna be good and not unreasonably priced! He told me that this place is so popular that the Aria made its own pizza place to compete, but it just can't compare. The place is cleverly hidden (almost like a speakeasy) and much more low key than the other the Vegas venues. I ordered the ricotta with sundried tomatoes and my boyfriend got the sausage and peppercini. The toppings are robust and the dough is amazing - full and crispy! It was just delicious from the tip to the crust. Moreover, the guy behind the counter is super friendly, and served our slices within minutes. He also didn't let me pay when I was trying to pay for our meal - that's how you could tell he's a real gentleman! He also told us that this place is only known through word of mouth, and it really does live up to its reputation!There are also a couple of pinball machines, which make a nice touch to being just a pizzeria. Simple, inexpensive, friendly, fast, and delicious - they've ticked all my boxes! Also, beware - we've been told that the line goes out the door during the after-hours bar/club rush.
5	This is a great pizza joint. The best pizza ever? No, my heart belongs to Metro pizza and nobody can beat Metro. But this is absolutley the best pizza on the strip. It's just kinda perfect. Cosmo is my favorite strip casino and this place is the perfect place to start the night or end the night. Be careful if you choose to end your night there...there tends to be alot of drunken club-goers...which is great for people watching...most of the girls are a mess...they're either drunk, or acting drunk, shoes are off, hair is a mess, makeup all smudged and the spanx has given up! It's small and it's located at the end of a long hallway, so if it's busy and the line extends into that long hallway and it's full of those drunkin club folks, don't be surprised if someone vomits. Now that Those Guys Pies has opened in Summerlin, I do not have to trek to the strip for this pizza. Easily the best white pizza ever--definitely can't keep this place a secret.
5	White pizza is SOOO GOOOD. Sicilian was bomb too. I am in love with this hidden gem. VERY RECOMMENDED when coming to Vegas. It won't disappoint!
4	Everytime we come to Vegas, we stop by to have a slice of their thin crust pizza.  The line can get pretty long at this place.  I love how they're open late so if you're drunk and craving pizza after the club, this is a good place to go to.  TIP: If you're staying at the Cosmo, they can deliver to your room.
3	I thought this place was over-hyped and overrated. I think that it may be good for late night snacking or something, but I came here for dinner. I thought the pizza slices were good, but not better than good local places in LA or elsewhere. The real deal breaker for me was the pricing. Slices with toppings were $5-$6, fountain drinks were $4, and whole pizzas, while fairly large, were over $30. I'd recommend it if you're wandering by, but not worth a special trip. Also, don't forget to use your Identity card here (Cosmo's player card) to earn some points. I should also mention that this restaurant is not owned by a celebrity chef or anything, it is a one-of-a-kind store owned and operated by Cosmopolitan (itself owned by Deutsche Bank as of 9/6/2013).
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Secret Pizza, you just never know what you are going to get. Finding this place the first time was tough. Thanks to a fellow Yelper who posted a photo of the hallway lined with record covers. We passed it then saw a glimpse of the hallway. A must stop each and every time we are in Vegas. We have tried many different flavors including pepperoni, cheese, combo, pepperoni mushroom. They are all amazing. Combo is my favorite but i will take whatever they have ready. It feels like being in a secret society of pizza. We smile at fellow pizza eaters and watch as newbies struggle to find it. We have had people stop us and ask "Where did you get the pizza" and just point at the hallway. LOL
5	Walking down the narrow record album lined corridor leading to this unmarked location, I was magically transported to the pizza places of my youth growing up in NYC. If I was not surrounded by a casino/hotel I would swear I WAS at a NYC pizza joint. The dough was perfect! Crispy on the outside leading to a soft interior. The sauce hit all the right notes and the cheese was appropriately stringy. Reasonably priced for Las Vegas. I could eat here every day.
5	There's zero line at lunch on a Monday. Not exactly tourist high time on The Strip but perfect for locals.
4	Hidden inside Cosmo with no signs or anything (guess that's why it's called Secret Pizza) I'm not sure how we found this place but I'm glad we did. Fairly long line and wait but it was worth it! You can either do a single slice of pizza (each topping extra) or buy a whole pizza. My slice came out to $6 with 3 toppings on it and wished I got two slices! The slices are pretty big but are very thin. They throw your selected toppings on a slice of cheese pizza and throw it back in the oven to cook. It tasted great! Definitely a place to hit up in Vegas if you're craving pizza!
5	I will always remember Secret Pizza as the place where a prostitute stole my pizza. Well to be fair, it wasn't intentional. She was standing in line with her "John" right behind us and thought the slice they pushed out was hers instead of mine. She tried to offer to give it back to me, which was nice but I had to politely decline since I have no idea where her hand or mouth touching the pizza had recently been.Judging by the crazy long line, Secret Pizza is probably the worst kept secret in Vegas. The establishment is located on the third floor and has an obscure entrance right in between 2 restaurants. It's not hard to spot because you just have to spot the crowd.The pizzas are good but don't take my word for it. I was pretty inebriated and extremely starved when I consumed my slice. I just remembered really enjoying my new slice of veggie pizza that was not touched by any ladies of the night. The guy at the counter even gave me one free slice extra of pepperoni since I had to wait longer for mine.If you want a whole pie, you can actually call it in and walk right up to the counter to pick it up. That should be handy if you're in a large group and are able to call in as you leave the club to head here.
5	Amazing pizza that's not so much of a secret anymore. The only problem is its not on any of the Cosmo maps. Head to the 3fl and look for the hallway full of vinyls.
4	My second fav pizza joint ever! Everything is good and fast! I love staying at cosmo and just eating here over and over.TFR
5	Secret Pizza is a must try in Vegas!! Just amazing greasy loving goodness.
4	Well worth tracking down (on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan).  I had a slice of white pizza (thanks to the Yelp reviews) and it was excellent - cheesy, garlicky & crunchy.Very affordable prices (for Vegas) and can't wait to go back and get a whole pie to take back to the room and devour.
5	Shhh, it's a secret :DOk, so I went here after a local recommended it. AMAZING! I did stop by the gift shop and grab a Dogfish Ale on the way in- may have got me in a better mood.Asked for the famed Sicilian and a meat lover, and a cannoli. The Sicilian was HUGE! There was so much cheese it made a huge tasty blob on my plate.I meant to only eat a bit of everything-especially because I'm lactose intolerant-didn't care, I was in heaven! Many beautiful women admiring my selection- couldn't ask for a better meal in Vegas. The cannoli? I had just been in NYC, made it a point to visit Little Italy and find the 'Best Voted Cannoli'. This one blew it away.Fast forward to a couple days later (not 3am) I brought my Mom by to show her the amazing pizza that made every pizza I had previous to that day a disappointment. They threw a couple slices back in the oven to warm them up.......not the same. It was good, but not as good as fresh. I asked if they had anything fresh- they did. It was 'almost' fresh but much better than the over crispy crust of the reheated pizza.Pro-tip: Get the Sicilian, FRESH! Get the cannoli, even if you say you will eat half- you'll eat the whole thing, and try the house made pickled peppers. Just do it ;)
3	i went in to grab a snack at 830pm and was looking for a slice.  crust not as crispy as i would like and the cheese is pretty greasy. wish they has more selection: mushroom spinach broc.
4	For a secret, it is totally not a secret.  One of the reasons I really like the Cosmopolitan hotel.  They were wise enough to remember that after a late night excursion, sometimes you want a hot dog cart or a pizza joint.  A long hallway (covered in great record albums) will lead you to an old school pizza joint complete with Galaga in the corner.  You can order by the slice or entire pies.  Both Sicilian style or thin crust.  Warning, the pizza is super greasy.  But delicious!  And for about 4 bucks a slice, it's the cheapest meal you'll get on the strip.  They will gouge you on Diet Coke though.  I think a medium diet coke is like 5.50Worth seeking out and the perfect way to wrap up a busy night of dancing or gambling. The night I was there a fight nearly broke out (they have a ton of security) so technically you are getting dinner and a show!
4	Some of the best pizza I've ever had!  And as someone who would eat pizza every day given the choice, I feel confident in giving it this label.I tried a slice of pepperoni and while several more would have been awesome because it tasted so good, one was plenty as they have huge slices.  The white pizza was good too, a bit like amazing thin garlic toast, but I prefered my choice.The "secret" location isn't too complicated; go to the third floor and look for a dark hallway that's not labeled.  It's close to the other 3rd floor restaurants.  There's little seating, we stood at a bar height counter.  We did see several people getting their slices to go because they were playing pool in the common area outside the hallway; this looked like fun and a good choice if you're with a group.Can't wait to go back.
4	Not sure why I haven't reviewed this but, it seems like every time I stop in Vegas I need to make a stop here. Not much of a secret anymore to me. It's stuck between another restaurant and an Elevator that doesn't seem to work sometimes. There's a pool table right in front so if you spot the pool table you know you are close. The pizzas are pretty damn good. You have to go with the White Pie, they sometimes hide it under the table only because they have a lot of pizzas out already on display. But if you ask if they have some they usually do. And of not, it doesn't hurt to wait. I usually add a lot of mushrooms and sausages to mine. The thin crust is good as well as the thick crust. Honestly you can't go wrong with either or. If you are looking to get down with some pizza than come to this place. Just make sure you don't gamble all your money away or spend too much money on drinks the night before (or maybe even the night of haha).
4	They say that time heals all wounds.If you've ever been to "Secret Pizza", you'll know that time has a competitor. Pizza.There are countless reviews and tips on Yelp, so I won't go into the boring details. You can easily find this spot at the Cosmo on the 3rd floor. It's unmarked, but the pictures in the Yelp listing can help direct you.Be prepared for a line if you are going during nightclub hours. Drunk people love their food.The pizza itself is fairly basic. You have a few options and a slice will run you about $5-6. It's simply delicious pizza. Greasy, but not too oily. Just the right amount. It's perfect.My favorite has always been the sausage/pepperoni pizza with the italian peppers. Take your slice and sit outside in front of STK on the chairs, especially at night. You'll have a front row seat to the Hot Mess Express from Marquee & other parts of the hotel.After you experience "Secret Pizza", tell a friend. Let the legend of this hidden gem live on.
4	I can go for pizza all the time- really all the time. Found it, finally after hearing about the secret! Don't ever mind the wait or line. The guys working are always friendly no matter how crazy, don't even mind standing to eat. Reminds me of New York! And the pizza really is one of the best in Vegas. Plus only ever had it sober so you know it's good ;) cheeese mhmm
4	Thanks to Yelp, I was able to find this place on my trip to Vegas! While it's not really a secret, I still felt cool locating the unassuming (who am I kidding, it's covered with album covers) hallway and emerging in a cozy little pizza parlor on the other side.  Kind of like Alice in Wonderland.Usually I can finish 2 slices of pizza without a problem, so I ordered 2 this time.  They were huge! I was stuffed halfway through the second one.  The pizza was very good, not mind-blowingly good but still crisp and fresh (don't let them give you a reheated slice, there were pizzas that were pre-made and just waiting to be reheated), very welcome especially in the AM.  Slight Cons: Workers were not very enthusiastic while taking my order, and there is nowhere to sit, you'll just have to take it to the couches outside or elsewhere.  Whether you're drunk and exhausted from going clubbing, or you've been shopping and want some lunch, give Secret Pizza a visit!
5	For lack of a better term. secret pizza a hidden gem. the line to grab a pizza was a long one but it was well worth the wait. the only problem that was with the pizza place was the prices were a little expensive but not too bad. I had the supreme pizza and slice was huge. I will definitely be going back to enjoy another pizza
4	We walked pretty much the whole second floor for 30 minutes only to find this pizzeria is on the 3rd floor. This was all because the review I saw on Yelp said it was on the 2nd floor... or maybe I read wrong due to the Fat Tuesday I had with me?So yes it is on the 3rd floor, near the pool table! There is a door with no sign or anything, but behind the door there is a long walkway covered in Italian record cover art, and as you pass it, boom! Its a small pizzeria! I ordered two slices, one pepperoni and another with sausage and ricotta cheese. The pizza is very good, big slice and NY style... where you have to fold the pizza to enjoy it. The pepperoni was good but the winner for me was the sausage and ricotta. OMG. That was amazing. Next time I definitely will be ordering a box of that.The pizzeria is again small, with a few stools to sit on and also a few pinball machines. It was fun talking to some of the people there who were also enjoying their pizza. Pricing was fairly high compared to your local pizza place (like $4-5 a slice) but hey, it's Vegas and also at the Cosmo, the "it" hotel at Vegas right now. A whole pizza is probably the best bet, as its around $22 for a whole pizza. Also they are open til 4am for all the drunkies! lol.Overall, a cool "secret" pizza spot in Vegas! Definitely try it for some late night eats!
4	Delicious - 30 minute wait for a whole pie forced us to grab by the slice ... Not optimal, but all slices were delicious and great, fresh ingredients.
3	Heard so much about this place...that the pizza is like the real NY pizza. They are pretty good but not as good as Cugina's Italian Deli near UNLV down the street on Maryland Pkwy. Now they have a pizza that's almost identical to NY pizza! The owner lady makes fresh mozzarella cheese and marinara sauce everyday. Cugina's pizza have more flavor. However I have to say that Secret Pizza has a better pizza dough.
5	You can never go wrong with a good slice of pizza. This place can't even be found easily, but it's pretty popular. I guess it's just living up to its name. When I first walked in, I wasn't blown away by their choices. But, the simpler the better right? Well for this place it definitely is.I got a piece of the white sauce pizza. I'm usually kind of grossed out by oily pizza, but this one was awesome. I was trying to eat slow to savor the pizza, but it was so good you just want to inhale it. Quite the predicament, huh?
4	I stopped by here today for lunch by myself after reading that this was a must place to eat in Vegas.  Thankfully the article I was reading also mentioned the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan and a random hallway.  As I was on the third floor i noticed an unassuming hallway with a pinball machine at the end.  At first I walked past it but after not being able to find any signage i went back and trekked down.  At the end was indeed a pizza shop.  For my lunch i decided to go with the pepperoni and sausage slice which cost $6.  The crust of this pizza was the star as it was crispy throughout which helped to overshadow the seemingly nonexistent sauce.  The cheeses were good though and the sausage was a nice little surprise since it was both spicy and tasty.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  I enjoyed the slice that I had and later in the day learned that I could do a lot worse for a bigger price.
5	This place is amazeballs for late night post-club-EDM-haze-oontz-oontz pizza.  I stop here for a slice before going to sleep every time I'm out in Vegas.  It probably helps that I stay at the cosmo but whatever.Grab a slice and go sit by STK and people watch...if you can remember what happened it's usually some pretty good people watching at that time of the early morning.Can we all agree that this place is great b/c you don't even want to know how much I would be spending on room service if this "secret" pizza place did not exist.I love you "secret" pizza place.
5	Great pizza, and super cheap. Just like New York. It's on the 3rd floor just straight and to the left once you get off the escalator and down the vinyl cover decorated hallway like other reviewers stated. We talked to the guys there about the myths that they import their water from Brooklyn and their Italian flour from Italy. They said, "no, it's just really good pizza with regular water and ingredients."Probably the best New York style pizza on the strip.
4	The White Pizza was really good. Make sure your slice is warm. They open really late and the line stays long even at 3am. If you have enough people to eat the pizza, call ahead to order the whole pie would save time. I wouldn't wait longer than 30 min though.
4	Secret pizza is delicious. Definitely a hidden gem... Although I don't know if it is really a secret anymore, as any time I go there there's a line around the block. I'll admit waiting in line can be fun. The late night line (the only kind I've been in) is usually filled with drunken out of Towners and club goers. Everyone is usually is fun spirits, don't expect to make laying friendships, but definitely a enjoyable way to wait for your turn. Staff is fun & friendly, major respect to them for that. I'd hate dealing with all the drunks, if I weren't drunk myself that is. The pizza speaks for itself, simply delicious. If you are at the Cosmo, hungry and have some time, this is the place for you.
5	This was good pizza.  You have to work a little to find it.  But the wait isn't long and the pizza is top notch.
4	Went here on the recommendation of a couple of my Yelp friends (CD and Evelyn). It's located in the Cosmopolitan on the 3rd floor, but unless you ask someone that works there, you may have difficulty finding it, since there are no signs indicating what it is, or where it is. The entrance is just a long hallway that looks like it may lead to a restroom, but surprise - at the end of the hallway is a small pizza kitchen. Seating can be sparse, so be prepared to eat while standing.  I don't know if it's my timing or what, but many times, when I visit an establishment, there are only a handful of people around. 10 minutes later, the place gets seemingly packed. That was the case here too. Got a slice of both the White Pizza, and the Sausage Pepperoni. I can't write too much about the White Pizza, because it's irresistable and now I feel compelled to drive all the way to the strip from Summerlin, just for a slice. It's that good! It's funny observing some of the people in line - the closer they get to the cash register, the more they seem like they are drooling, Lol! As I was leaving, I noticed one of the pizza cooks pulling a deep-dish white pizza out of the oven. Oh... I want that!!! must... delay... gratification...  :P~~
5	HANDS DOWN, BEST PIZZA IN TOWN! Especially after fun in the sun at a day club, this is a little piece of heaven in the middle of hell (sin city). Better to blow your money off here than on the tables - at least the tummy will be satisfied! LOVE this place! Every pizza so far is finger licking GREATNESS!
5	Pleasantly surprised to get this kind of pizza in Vegas - quintessential NY style. They didn't have any slices of the white pizza so many yelpers talk about, but they did have a meatball pizza that was amazing! By the time I was done eating it, I did see that a white pizza came out of the oven, and it did look great. Maybe next time!Easiest way to find it on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan is to look for the sushi place ... then look for a hallway just to the right of it as you face it. Follow it to pizza heaven!
4	You need a NY slice, in Vegas, at 2 am? No problem, fuhgeddaboutit, these guys have you covered! Slices are big and relatively cheap for Vegas. Not really any place to sit, but you can stand at the counter and wolf down your slice - just don't forget to sprinkle it liberally with hot pepper and Parmesan first! That's the authentic experience.
1	I wish that who ever told me about 'Secret Pizza', kept it a secret!4.50 for a regular slice of greasy limp under cooked tasteless pie and no tables eat it? Skip on this secret for sure!'Secret Pizza' rates with any 'run of the mill' joints on the strip.Skip the Secret and head to MetroPizza, Grimaldi's, or 'DeFara West' Dom Demarco's when is Vegas!
4	The secret is out, but you have to find it, It's not on the signs just look for a hallway in the area of all the restaurants. Quite frankly I was a bit disappointed finding it. Several pre made "stiffs" that they took a slice from and reheated per your selection. Hum reheated pizza? That was until I tasted it. OMG amazingly perfect, the crust is ethereal. The white pizza was amazingly good but we bit too much garlic for me.
3	This place is on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan near the billiards table. It's just a hallway to enter but once you go through the hallway, there is a whole pizzeria hidden in there. I got the white sauce pizza slice for $5 which was worth a try. I am not a super big fan of pizza but I'll eat it once in awhile. The pizza was fairly decent but I do not think it was worth all the hype that goes into it. I guess it's more for drunkies that just need to eat something so they think it's the most amazing thing in the world.
4	One of the best new York style pizza I have tried. Its not so secret anymore though. You have to try to avoid to come here when the ppl start leaving clubs bc the line can be enormous! I usually end up getting the white pizza or the pepperoni with ricotta cheese. These guys are really good at what they do and you can even catch them toss dough in the air to make their pizza. Def a spot worth checking out on the strip
3	The only thing secretive about Secret Pizza is the location. A little hard to find but it's on the 3rd floor and across from the pool table. At 4.50 a slice, the price is decent being in Vegas but I don't think the pizza is that bomb as many reviewers rave about. Or maybe I was too sober when I ate the pizza? Maybe that's why I wasn't as impressed. Greasy pizza available until 5am in Vegas! Definitely a pro but I personally don't think the pizza is that amazing.
5	LEGIT! Best pizza outside of NYC and I would say it rivals the pizza I have had at Grimaldis in Brooklyn and the pizza joints in Little Italy.  Who doesn't like a cold Coors Light or PBR in a red solo cup for $5?  The white pizza and the pepperoni are bomb!
5	Incredible pizza. You would never know it's here unless you're looking for it. White Pizza is all it's cracked up to be.
3	Their pizza is good, but it's no longer a secret.  Everyone knows about it now and the prices reflect that.  Search through yelp reviews to find it - it's by Blue Ribbon Sushi.  The pizza is worth trying and it's cool to take visitors here.  However - I recommend that you go to Grimaldi's in Palazzo instead.  Grimaldi's is New York's best pizza and Las Vegas is the only place (as of 2013) to get a slice of the real deal.
3	Food: 4 stars. One of the best slices you can get outside of NYC. Went twice on my most recent trip to Vegas. All the slices are good but the White Pie is the one that really impresses.  Definitely worth a try even at $4.50-$5 a slice.Service: 2 Stars. Guy in the (SF) baseball cap was quite rude. I get that this place is not really a secret now and they probably get tons of business from foodies and Marquee club goers. However, good service goes a long way and this time around, the bad service prompted me to decline my second order on my second trip.Secret pizza is definitely not the only pizza game in town.
4	While in Vegas, I was really hankering for some pizza and found on TripAdvisor something called Secret Pizza. It is more of a well-known secret than a best-kept one and I really wanted to try it!After dinner with a good friend, a few shows, some gambling, daiquiris from Fat Tuesday and a Bellagio water show behind me, I finally made my way to Secret Pizza around 1am. This was probably a bad idea because it's the time everyone starts getting out of clubs and lining up for pizza as well!Secret Pizza is located inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel, on the 3rd floor behind the free pool table, and I'm not gonna lie, I got a little lost finding it. If not for Yelp and TripAdvisor, I probably would've never found it. Right away, I noticed a fat line of drunken people in the hallway and thought "great..." The line was actually moving reallllly slow and the hallway was as loud as a market. A lot of people also came from Marquee nightclub in the same hotel, making the line twice as long by 2am.After about 40 minutes, I was starting to wonder if I really wanted pizza that badly but by now, the line was starting to move and I was almost to the front.  Once I actually got to order, I got about 4 slices to bring back for people at the hotel, two pepperoni and two white sauce (which Yelp said was the best flavor). The pepperoni was really good but the white sauce was extremely tasty!A little heavy for thin pizza (there was a lot of grease) but it's late night food, so what do you expect? Next time though, I think I'll line up a little earlier and beat the crowd. Maybe buy a whole pie to share. For 4 slices, it came out to about $20, kind of pricey but cheap for Vegas. If you do get pizza after midnight though, make sure to bring something to do or go with lots of people to keep you company since it is a long, long wait.
4	When you are told that this pizza place is hidden and unmarked, you aren't being lied to!  Believe me, it is hard to find.  If you need help, look for the pool tables and the glass table filled with scrabble pieces.  Once you locate these, the entrance to the pizza place can't be missed.  The cheese slice was out of this world and piping hot!
4	Secret pizza is a hidden gem inside The Cosmopolitan.  If you're looking to get a quick slice of pizza before heading out on the strip this is the place to check out. Best slice of pepperoni I've had in Vegas!
5	Can you say the BeSt PiZzA eVeR! If someone never told you about the secret pizza place you'd never know this place existed.  Luckily I came across a video on YouTube and had to give this place a shot. When you find this place it's very small inside. Maybe enough to seat 4 or 5 people. The pizza is excellent and surprisingly not many were here. Out of all the places we ate on our recent Vegas trip this was one of our favorite.
4	Secret is out. No signs pointing you down the hallway. Waitress suggested it. Would never have found it on my own. Great NY pizza. $5 a slice. Perfect dyer a few drinks. Quick. Easy. Gotta try it. No where to sit so you will eat standing up. But worth it.
4	As others have said it's hard to find but worth it. I'm from out of town and wanted good pizza. Yelp led me here. There are no signs and no directory so it helps to know where to go. Go to 3rd floor of Cosmopolitan hotel and find the free pool table. Look directly across from it and you'll see a long narrow hallway next to another restaurant.  It's at the end. I ordered 2 slices with mushrooms. Expensive but the slices are huge so it's worth it. 4.50 for a bottle of water tho? Anyway, not the best pizza but damn good. Just the right amount of grease and the cheese was not runny but it was gooey. Glad I went. I got there right when they opened at 11am and it wasn't crowded which is good bc it's tiny. Only has about 4 stools and standing room for a few more. Great pizza.
5	Pizza here is Sooo good! I felt like I was in Italy again! Glad it's somewhat a secret
5	Though my top most ideal eating experience is a cool new cafe with liberal new ideas and experimental food, this place is exactly the opposite and so freaking delicious. Within the busy experience of Vegas, this place offers a retreat back to a familiar ma and pa pizza shop near your normal hometown or New York (tho I've never been so I can't testify). It's a very humble place where you can grab a delicious slice or whole pizza for very reasonable prices for being in Vegas let alone in the heart of the strip. I had a slice of the Sicilian pizza which is this super thick, not even deep dish pizza because it's one of the thickest pizzas you may have seen. Tasting it, it has a lot of crunch to each bite but with consistent buttery dough inside. The complexity of the herbs and cheeses they use is what make it really special and definitely worthwhile to try. It's perfect for people partying out late because it's a quick place to get in and out, offering such a delicious guilty pleasure, while being open til 5am!  Amen!!!!!
5	Too bad this place is not a secret! However it is a hidden gem at the cosmopolitan. The line looks long, but moves quick! I only had a chance to try the white cheese pizza. Wished I had room for pepperoni!I believe it's cottage cheese on top of this pizza.. And I'm not a cottage cheese person at all! Nice thin crust. This is one my top 5 places for piazza!
5	When driving into Vegas at midnight, a 24 hour pizza place hidden in the very hotel you are staying at is a dream come true. We checked in and set out on our adventure. The reviews are correct, it's billiard adjacent and around the corner from the club. There are a couple counter spots, but if those are taken, you may just be using the pinball machine as a table. The Sicilian was spicy and delicious and hit the spot. There are many slices to choose from and the people are friendly and helpful. Thank you secret pizza!
5	Been here 3x in 3 different Vegas trips and not all times I was drunkThis place is Legit good! Located on the 3rd floor of the Cosmoplitan...in a little hallways with all kinds of cool displays on the wall (if you don't see it, look for a long line and just stand behind that line). Crispy crustThin crust (the way I like it)Cheesy, gooey and oozing out of the pizzaMushroom, White pizza and Cheese is winnersLine gets busy so be prepared to wait (call ahead for whole orders)CheapJust like NYC pizza (I've tried good pizza's in NYC)Workers are niceBest to eat the pizza there otherwise it'll loose it's quality when walking back to your hotel/room
5	The not so "secret," pizza bar at the Cosmopolitan Las Vegas. Open until 5AM, this is the must stop place for a big slice of late night pizza. Prices are EXCELLENT for a large slice of heaven. Great pizzas by the slice, the perfect food after partying it up late night Las Vegas style. Careful, there can be a big line depending on what time you go. Check out the album art on the walls. Very cool. This will be my late night food stop whenever I am staying at the Cosmopolitan.
4	Really good pizza but I think its location is even better. Pretty hidden from the casino and you really have to be looking for it to find it. The thick crust was the best thing I tried but the thin was pretty good too.
4	Good pizza. White pie was excellent. Perfect 3am pizza place to hit on the way home. There is no signage for this place. Look for the hallway lined with old school album covers. Funny note: Don't ask for Ranch, they don't have it.
5	Are you kidding me? If you have not visited this place, you've missed out big time!!!!
4	Good pizza. This place has a real Brooklyn feeling and the record hallway is awesome.
5	When we got here there was a line, and we immediately thought... "LOL SECRET... Fail" but... low and behold, 15 minutes later, at 2:30AM, I one of the best pizza slices (if not the best) I've ever had! What is said about the WHITE PIZZA is right... the cheese was flavorful and bold, the dough was perfectly crisp and the crust, my favorite part, was extraordinary.I also purchased a slice of pepperoni and although the dough and crust were just as good as the white, the pepperoni and cheese was very normal on this slice.  If I did it again, it'd be an entire WHITE PIE... which FYI is $27.00 dollars.... lol, I know it's good but still that's a PRICEY pizza.  When your'e in Vegas though, who cares! $4.50 a slice is relative :)Service was exceptional as well, the servers behind the counter handle the slices w/ care and are extremely accommodating and fast despite the acknowledged stress that comes with a large line.Get to know the people who are in line w/ you as you guys are about to embark on one modern Vegas Landmarks!!!
4	This place has the best pizza in Vegas. Some of the best pizza anywhere really.There is no sign or anything. You kinda have to find it. Its on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo. If you go any time after 2 or so there will be a huge line of wasted people stumbling over from the Marquee. Girls in short skirts who can barely walk any more in their heels, who very well could vomit on you while in line at any time.Once you get it, it feels like a pizza stand somewhere in New York. They have several selections of slices ready to go or you can wait for a while pie.The pizza is very good. (even better at 3am). Every time I am in Vegas I go here now. Its delicious!
4	Worth the hype, especially if your drunk. This place definitely hits the spot after a night out at Marquee!
4	The Pizza place that is not much of a secret too most. After a night of people watching in their decked out costumes I needed a bite to eat. I have been here before so I know it's pizza that  I really enjoy. You never know if the line would be down the hall or be able to walk right up to the counter. Luckily there was no line and we got our order right away. Very flavorful with a  crispy-ish crust. Try it you'll love it!
3	Its kind of funny that's its called Secret Pizza because its not really a secret anymore. I was in Vegas over the weekend and had some down time to explore the strip and I thought that I would check this place out. I have heard about it from numerous people so I was like "awwwwweee yeeeee I must check this place out". I came here on a Sunday around 7 p.m. and there was no line, thank goodness. I wasn't too hungry so I shared a slice with my significant other. We got the mushroom because they were out of the white, and we didn't really care to wait for it to be made. A slice was about $4.50 and was a decent size. To be honest, this pizza was just alright and nothing too special. By no means am I a pizza connoisseur, but I have tasted better. Maybe the fact is that I just came from New York and had the best pizza of my life! But this place is just mediocre. I can see how it's a hit because it's located outside of the club, but most definitely just OK. Its kind of cute and touristy to find it though so I say what the heck, if you are in Vegas give it a try. Maybe it will taste better when you are severely inebriated.
4	I did not think it was the best pizza  but still good pizza, I think. Still the place is super cute, guys working there are very nice and it was CLEAN. I always appreciate when "hole in the wall" spots are kept clean.  Anyway, pay attention because it really is a little hidden.  Best place if you need a super late night meal for a couple bucks a slice.
5	Heard about this place from a co-worker and decided to track it down during a trip to Vegas. You'll find the unmarked hallway in the back of the restaurant area on the third floor. Check down the hall and you'll see it's lined with old record album covers, finished with a pinball machine. Make your way down and the smell starts to put a smile on your face.Great recipe creations, I love pepperonis but decided to go for a sausage and pepperchinis slice, what an excellent decision. If I wasn't so lactose intolerant (thank you lactaid pills for allowing me to eat this slice of pizza) then I would have had another two or three pieces. I happened to run into my cousin on my Vegas trip and showed him the restaurant after he'd told me he'd never heard of it. If you're looking for a quick lunch or delicious late-night snack, look no further than Secret Pizza, you'll be thrilled to have an inexpensive, delicious meal
3	Special spot until everyone knew about it. Lol. Stop by after Marquis or just because. We knew everyone would eventual stroll in here and glad they do. Love the white pizza with spinach and a side of pizza sauce for dipping.
4	Wow this place is super secret but now I think us yelpers have finally let it be found so others can enjoy this cheap and delicious pizza spot. Yes the directions can be unclear since their is no real sign to direct you and it is in like a random hidden hallway wedged between 2 high end restaurants. However, if you find your way you will see small parlor, order yourself some white pizza and play the pinball machines while you wait.
5	I don't know how much longer this place can be a "secret" because it is seriously good! We came here one late night from a friend's recommendation, whom we thought was trolling us the entire time, but it turned out that this place exists! The place was pretty packed. We waited for about 45 minutes to get our three whole pizza orders. They were sooooo worth the wait! They were NYC style pizza (we tried the Chicago one too but it wasn't that good). The slices were big and the cheese was oozing out of the pizza with every bite. It might be because we were hungry too but everyone in my group thought the pizzas were excellent! We'll definitely be back here on our next trip to Vegas!
5	If I could give more stars, I would! We were looking for a place to eat in Vegas, friends were craving pizza, so we Googled best pizza on Vegas strip. And we found Secret Pizza so we hurried our butts over to The Cosmo. The narrow hallway (Vegas narrow) in between 2 big restaurants was the dead give away. There were a lot of people in there but the line went super quick. I got the pepperoni, sausage and meatball pizza. I WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED!!! No wonder people say it's the best pizza!!! It REALLY is the best pizza in Vegas. It's worth any amount of time you have to wait for it. If you get there right when they open, THATS the best time to go! It's so fresh and it tastes even more amazing!!! And, best of all, the price was right!!! Pizza ranges from $4-$8 for a slice!! We've decided we're going to eat there at least twice every time we come to Vegas! Great find and perfect for people on a budget in Vegas!!!! THANKS SECRET PIZZA!!!!
5	Coming from a college student, it's the best pizza ever. Literally. Ray is awesome. Go here, you won't be disappointed
5	it's a secret.  it's pizza.  it's right outside the club!
5	Of course with 1000+ reviews this place is not so secret. Nor is it very hard to locate when you have a line visible from the 3rd floor escalator. Get in that line cuz it moves fast and yummy pizza is waiting for you. I've tried the pepperoni and the white pizza with garlic, mozzarella and ricotta cheese. They have beer in red solo cups. And regardless of how busy they are, the server manages to be friendly and ask how you are doing. It's a tiny space with bar stools and three arcade games. Most people take their food to go.
5	It is not every day you can walk down a hallway and get a slice pizza.  This pizza place is in the 3rd floor of the cosmopolitan hotel.  There are not really any signs for this place.  But you can see all of the album records on the walls.  While it is a little pricey, but it is the well worth the price.  A slice of pizza is $6.00 or you can get a pie for $30.00.  Also they are open until 5am every day.  Wish this place was in Phoenix. It is my favorite pizza place in the US.  If you are in Vegas and are looking for a slice of pizza you should head over to the cosmopolitan hotel and get a slice for the Secret Pizza place.
4	After many nights at Marquee, I was never in the right state to find this place so I never got to experience the hype. Lucky for me, my bf and I went here for lunch between our morning drinking and afternoon drinking so I actually got to try the pizza here! They don't sell pepperoni slices, only whole pies so that was a bummer. I really liked my supreme pizza and I kept eating his white ricotta pizza so I left the pizzeria a happy girl! Be prepared to wait a bit for slices. Moving quickly here doesn't seem to happen for the staff no matter what time of day it is!Glad I finally tried the pizza here... just hope I remember how to find it after a night at Marquee!
4	Clearly no longer a secret...but for you first timers. It's up the stairs. Pizza isn't anything to write home about but definitely hits the spot. The place is out if the way and gives you a break from everything else Vegas has to offer. Oh and did I mention the place is cheap! $10 gets you a slice and a beer and leaves a decent tip in the jar.
4	A clever idea and much easier to find than many would have you believe, Secret Pizza at The Cosmopolitan is one of those places that seems to get a lot of praise from all the wrong sorts of people yet curious to experience it myself and without dinner plans until 8pm I decided to stop in for a snack while shopping Crystals.  A small place with a TV and a couple of pinball machines plus the slice counter down a long hall of records the restaurant was perhaps half full when I arrived and with three pizzas ready to serve my choice was simplified dramatically when a fresh Roma and Ricotta emerged from the oven as I was waiting in line.  Friendly in service and low in price for a hefty slice with excellent ingredient quality I've heard many compare Secret to New York slice shops and while the foldable structure and gas oven production is similar I'll simply say that anyone making such claims is a fool - most New York Slice shops are serving low quality ingredients on a subpar crust for ninety-nine cents while Secret is serving top quality sauce without unnecessary sweetness under smooth mozzarella on a crust with a good crunch, great chew, and an excellent crumb.  Admittedly bummed that they were completely sold out of canolis that are, alas, pre-filled but still something I'd like to try I've no doubt I'll head back for the square slice sometime soon.
5	I woke up the morning after this pepperoni pizza with a subtle hunt of garlic still lingering on my breath haha. Luckily my boyfriend had the same side effects! The pizza's solid, beer served in plastic cups, and VERY limited seating- perfect little hole in the wall pizza spot.
4	A little tough to find but the search is worth the wait. Best pizza I've had since leaving NY 25 yrs ago.  Small hole in the wall place, no tables just counters, white tile walls and tin crown mouldings give the place a "underground" feel. Meatballs and sausage are homemade and awesome. East coasters will take one look at the Bakers Pride ovens and know the deal. Biggest bonus = Sicilian pizza.  Cool tunes, a pinball machine and an epic Galaga video game complete the experience.
4	pizza great. maybe hire another person to keep eating area tidy. but great food! fast service!
5	I don't go to Vegas and not hit up Secret Pizza. Yes there will be a wait, yes space is limited, I have no idea how much it costs considering  I just throw them money at 4am, and there may or may not be a missing pepper shaker that my friend stole one time... Cosmopolitan's best kept not-so-secret pizza. Can't wait for my next trip out there now...
4	Secret?Well it's not so secret anymore if MC knows about it!!!Luckily there was no line when we arrived. I ended up ordering a White Pizza slice and a Combo slice. Both totaled $11. Damn, $11 for 1 slices of pizza?! This place better be worth it!The white slice just had too much ricotta cheese for me - as in piles. The crust was thin and was super crunchy, which I enjoyed very much!The combo was good although my crust was already soggy. BOO! The slices were filling, but you may just wait to share a pie with someone else. There are only a handful of chairs, a couple of video games and a couple of standing tables. You can bring your slices out to the lobby area to eat, as many people did. Don't forget to check out the pics along the walls! Interesting!!!
5	My FAVORITE pizza place! It's a "secret" so just follow your nose, or ask a Cosmopolitan employee. The pizza place its down a hallway, and it doesn't have a sign. The pizza place is open late so it hits the spot after a night out. What makes this pizzeria unique is that you get to customize your slice and they bake it for you. I personally recommend the white pizza and remember to add the meatballs.
1	After searching online for good slice of pizza, we found good reviews for this supposed gem. Not worth our time or effort. I'm always up to try new pizza, especially a thin crust pizza. Sbarros pizza slices have more flavor than this. Couldn't see, much less taste any kind of sauce, and while the crust was good, the cheese was nothing special. Very greasy too. At $4.50 a slice served on paper plates, I expected to be wowed. Not even the help serving were cordial, kind, or even gracious. I've been treated better at Sbarros and paid much less. Do yourself a favor and skip this one. There is barely a place to sit, unless you want to perch yourself on a makeshift shelf and unmatched bar stools.
5	Down a narrow hallway, with old record albums, turn right at the pinball machine, you will find the best pizza in Las Vegas. This is NOT an exaggeration.We had this as lunch when we rolled into town. There was a small line but it moved rather fast. Only 4 options: cheese, pepperoni, mushroom and another specialty. I got cheese and my friend got mushroom. The server warmed up our slices in the oven for us.I took my first bite and was blown away! Traditional NYC pizza. Simply marvelous.Yes pricey for a slice but priceless in terms of authenticity. Go now!
4	Although pricey (what else do you expect at the Cosmo?!), the pizzas are on point. And I know my pizzas bc it's one of my favorite foods!! My favorite here is the white pizza (it has ricotta cheese). Add a sprinkle of red pepper flakes and the pizza is perfect!The wait can be long depending on when you go, but there have been times when I waited only a few minutes bc it was an off time (e.g., 5PM). Pies/whole pizzas can't be ordered while in line (esp. when they are busy), so if you're interested in getting a whole pizza I recommend calling ahead.
5	My husband and I found this place on yelp and because of the rating And hours, we gave it a shot. Secret Pizza is the BEST pizza we have ever had and my husband is pretty much a pizza critic. So delicious and next time we get to come in town, we will be back!!
4	NOT SO SECRET, AMIRITE?But seriously, when you've had a rough night and you need something to eat at 3 or 4am, it's hard to do better than this, for this price, in Las Vegas.I'm in the minority here, but I don't care for the white pizza. I like the straight up ones like pepperoni or sausage, and because I am Korean I must dump the entire contents of the red pepper shaker onto my pizza or it doesn't taste right to me.
5	good food for $5 bucks in Vegas??? No way.. and it really tastes like New York Style pizza... fast, easy and delicious...wouldn't have it any other way in Vegas.  :P
1	This must be a serious late night drunk pizza place.   Tried pepperoni , cheese, meat lover, and ricotta garlic between our group and the pizzas are tasteless unless covered it pepper and seasonings after because it has no sauce taste.      In addition, the guys behind the counter must hate their jobs as they acted that way.
1	Super bad i saw it in yelp it was one of the most reviewed restaurants , so i decide to visit it but i don't know how they gave it more than one star !!! Oily and cold also they just warm the pizza so you don't know when they made it !!
5	Seriously... This place is awesome! Every time I am in Vegas I have to come here. I can't stay away! There are so many other good restaurants around here but I just can't help it. My husband and I were in Vegas for only 2 days and we came here TWICE! What the hell do you guys put in this pizza!?!?? Crack? Hell... It's even good the next day when it is cold. Stupid crack pizza.
4	Reminds me of NY pizza but kind of overpriced.  $4 for a cup of soda pop and $5 for a slice of pizza...kind of expensive for a carry out type of food joint.  With that said, the pizza is pretty good.  If you are craving thin crust pizza and are on the Vegas strip, this will satisfy your craving.
4	So you want to step away from hype & glitz of Vegas & have a solid meal? Then goto Secret pizza. Off the strip entrance, take the elevator up to the third floor & its next to all the couches & a pool table. Grab a piece of white pizza + the meatball with peppers. With solo cup in hand, park yourself on one of the couches outside. Relax. Enjoy some great pizza. Let the grease roll off your cheek and fingers. People watch. Then repeat.
4	Four star pizza, four star price. You get what you pay for here - it's good stuff. Kind of hard to find, hence the name. Just look for all the people walking out of a narrow hallway with pizza boxes.
4	This secret pizza place is hidden on the second floor of the Cosmopolitan. To find out the exact location just ask one of the hosts at one of the surrounding restaurants. Gyuup only cool people know where this is located :P. I was Ice skating at the Boulevard Rink and decided to grab a bite to eat, was starving! I ordered a meat lover's pizza for $5 bucks a slice, The slices are pretty huge and I love how the crust is so crusty loaded with garlic.. The pizza was awesome customer service was great, it was a quick in and out kinda pizza joint. The only thing i did not like about this place was if it gets too crowded in their people will be all up in your space! :P overall enjoyed my experience.
3	Just a typical greasy pizza joint that's probably tastes good only when you're drunk. But, if you're sober, I wouldn't come here since all it has are 4-5 one-topping pizzas with minimal toppings that you buy by the slice. Some examples are cheese, sausage, pepporoni, and veggies. Pretty basic to me but probably a good place to go if you're on a budget (~$5 a slice) and don't mind greasy mediocre food.
5	Anything is good and delicious after a night of wild partying and dancing at Marquee Nightclub.But damn...just when I thought I lost some calories while dancing and letting my alter ego on a small dance floor with air and confetti blowing in my face, I probably just packed on 2x more calories I came in with..... oh you delicious hot pippin pepperoni pizza, I can't win with you.
4	Pretty solid pizza joint, ny style, big slices, a bit pricey as my slice of pepperoni was $5. Located on third floor beside sushi rest. Worth a trip tho.
5	The White Pizza hits the spot! One slice is good enough, but if you're with a big group then order a whole pie.Plop your tired feet down on the couches outside and people watch as you gobble down the greasy goodness. If you walk down the hallway to the right, there's a big open area that you can relax at as well.... and that, my friends, is 100!
5	BOMBDOTCOM. Enough said.Located on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan, in front of the Marquee exit. My first bite of their white pizza was just... *BOOOOOM*. Unexplainable, chees-y, garlic-y goodness. The entrance, without any discernable signs, "could" be mistaken for a line to a bathroom. But you cant really miss the club-goers carrying out their whole pie or eating a slice as they lounge on the sofas. I mean.. come on. Hence, the lines/wait can get a bit long. Ever since my first experience, I cannot call it a night out in Vegas until I've had my Secret Pizza Fix.  I can hit up a club on the other freaking side of the strip and still take a taxi to the Cosmo to get a slice. It is safe to say I am HOOKED and hands-down my favorite pizza place in Vegas, or even LA for that matter. (suggestions for great neapolitan pizzas in the greater LA area are welcome!!!!)FYI.. the other pizzas (cheese, pepperoni, etc.) are fine.. its just you will wish you had like.. 3 slices of the white pizza IMHO. The Salad is pretty good too so.. if there are any vegetarians/someone on a diet in the group.. well there you go.and OMFG WTF I cannot believe I forgot about the peppers. They have the best pickled peppers so you must ask them for some.. a little bit sweet, a little bit spicy, omy~ YUMMMMMMMI cannot wait to go back to Vegas!! Good thing there are a ton of Bachelorette parties coming up. :)
4	A bit hard to find, but well worth the hunt.  It is on the thrid floor of the cosmopolitan.  Got one cheese slice and it was just great.I haven't had an authentic new york style pizza, so I couldn't compare, but for pizza it was really good.This place is small and if busy might be hard to find a spot to sit and eat, but pizza is pretty easy to just eat on the go.
2	Was not easy to find this place , a cleaning lady at the restroom took us there, the deco was really cool but the pizza is so average and $6 a piece was crazy
5	I haven't heard of this place until a few months ago. Of all the times I've been to Vegas, I can't believe I missed out on this "secret pizza". The place is really hidden but once you see the records on the wall then you are at the right spot. The place is small so space is limited. The pizza here is awesome !! The first bite of it will make you understand why this place is a secret. I ordered a slice of the sausage pizza and it was off the hook !!! I'm definitely coming back for my pizza cravings.
5	SO GOOD IT HURTS.I got the white pizza and it hit the spot! I love the thin crust and how cheesy it was. I was a little drunk so I can't really describe it. But it was so good that I ignored the random guy that hugged me and told me happy birthday. All I cared about was my pizza.
5	Believe the hype! I came here for the first time tonight after ice skating @ the rink and it was sooo good! We ordered 2 pieces of white, pepperoni & cheese for the kids, mushroom, tomato, and onion, and a supreme. All were so delicious and distinct tasting whereas sometimes, when I order from chain pizza places, everything tastes the same regardless of what you ordered. Total for 6 slices was $31.50. A bit pricey, but really really yummy. There's not much else I can add that hasn't already been written, but they did give my nephew a free slice of cheesecake because it was his 5th birthday. Woohoo!
3	Good NY style pizza.  A great value at the Cosmo, open late I think til 3 or 4 am.  Line gets long later in the night or early in the morn I should say.  Not amazing pizza but really good especially after hours of drinking.  Cheap drinks and wine as well.
5	Secret Pizza is one of the best slices of pizza I have ever had! I will admit, the allure of a hidden non-advertised pizza place already had me excited...but after a long Vegas evening, this place was truly magical. Try anything they have available or order something specific and you will Not be disappointed! Their white pie is garlic heaven, their red saucers par for any pizza course and all of their toppings were quite tasty. For people who like spicy food (New Mexicans like myself), I recommend their house made pepperoncini peppers! What a great place to stumble upon at 2 am.
4	I had been eating before coming here but a long night of drinking will make you hungry. Good thing this is only a few steps away from Marquee. Walk through a hall filled with pictures of Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, etc. and you'll find one of the best slices of pizza you'd ever have in Vegas.I usually like to keep my pizza real simple: either margherita or pepperoni. My friend wasn't hungry but we both got 2 slices of pepperoni pizza anyway. We got our food pretty quickly. My friend thought the shaker he grabbed had parmesan cheese in it but it was actually garlic powder that he just dusted all over his pizza. I did the same thing but only because I like the taste of garlic. It was soooo gooood. The crust was perfectly crisp and not soggy. They're pretty generous with the toppings. It's about $5/slice but it's worth it.It's a tiny place with a few chairs and by a few I mean about 4-5 chairs. But if you're eating pizza at 1:30am, you must be feeling good and nothing could go wrong.
4	This place is quite hidden or shall we say secret.  We couldn't find it for a while because there is not a sign.  They have a variety of pizzas that they serve by the slice for $5.  I came away impressed with the pepper and sausage pizza.  If you want to get a quick affordable meal at the Cosmo.  Go a quest to discover the location of secret pizza.
4	This is a skewed review as everytime I visit this place I am drunk.  I have had both the red & white and both are good but my preference is the sausage pizza.It must be really good as I seem to wake up to an extra slice in the morning next to me.
4	This place is really quite hard to find. I searched for it when I was staying in the Cosmo and I passed by the entrance a million times without noticing it! When I came back to stay in Vegas at the Aria, I was determined to find this place. More pictures were available of the entrance and I stared at the pictures for a long time until I was fairly certain of where the entrance was. So yes, we have established that this pizzeria is a secret. Except I guess it isn't because there were a ton of people filing in and out when I was standing around. The pizza is quite good and was worth the amusement of searching for it. The actual establishment is quite bare bones. They don't seem to want you to hang out to eat, probably because they are open late and get a lot of rowdy people, and the insides are quite small.Slices are REALLY expensive. So there you go.
5	Worth the find, super friendly, Super good, super thin New York style pizza! Highly recommended!
4	Pretty overhyped but the pizza does taste quite good! I don't think it's the best pizza I've tasted though. But they are open late so that's always a plus. The times I've been, there's never been a line. Great to go to for late night munching before or after clubbing at Marquee!
3	Thought the pizza here was pretty good....until I tried Grimaldi's Pizza later that same night!Pizza is good, but for $6 a slice and we had to bring our pizza outside to eat on the couch of the Cos......compared to Grimaldi's nice sit down in the Palazzo, for a whole large 8 slice pizza for $23 with generous amounts of meat, pesto, cheese and sausage. =)Makes this place seem over priced. Both places were excellent for the taste buds but Grimaldi is by far the winner in terms of $ and interior niceness =). Also there was actually service/servers at Grimaldi's too!
5	I am no big fan of "New York" style pizza but this place was very good. Like it says it is a little hard to find but not if you know where to go. It is not fancy, it doesn't have a huge menu, there are no fancy tables but it is just darn good pizza. There are a few stools at a counter you either sit or stand at. We will definitely go back and I would also recommend this place.
5	SOOOO I was sufficiently drunk by the time I got here. NY style is the ONLY style for pizza if you ask me. And secret pizza does a GREAT job of it.We just had a simple cheese slice but to my hazy memory, it was one perfect slice.
5	Best slice of pizza in Vegas!! The white pizza is amazing. It only gets better when they add sliced meatballs on there. $5.50 a slice you can't go wrong! Highly Recommended
5	Loved the pizza! Had a plain cheese and friend tried the meatball. They were both phenomenal!! Definitely will become my regular visit whenever I'm in Vegas!
4	Follow your nose down a dark corridor of the second floor of the Cosmo and you've made your way to Secret Pizza. There is no signage and this place is little more than a pizza bar, oven, and a handful of stools. But if you do happen to find Secret Pizza fortune favors you!The NY style pizza slices are big and floppy, but the dough is crisp and chewy in the best possible way. These pizza slices are one of the best in Vegas! Once here you will forget you are at the Cosmo until you see the prices, $27.50 for 5 slices. Ohhhhh that's right. We're still at the nicest casino in Las Vegas. If you have a hankering for a quick slice, forget about it! This is the spot.
4	Psst...over here, pal. Youz like da slices do youz? Well, here's a little secret just between youz and me pal ... Down a non-descript hallway lined with album covers in the Cosmopolitan Hotel youz can find Secret Pizza. No matter how much you lose in Vegas, save $5 for some 5-star pizza. Shanon Y. was right about the White Sauce Cheese Pizza. It's a pizzagasm in your mouth of grease, cheese, and crust. There is only enough room for a few places to stand and eat at Secret Pizza ... Lots of families and groups were buying whole pies and chowing down in the hallways and lounge areas. It has no sign. It has no name, but the secret is out about Secret Pizza.
3	Decent but pricey slices of pizza hidden down a hallway at the Cosmo. For $5 per slice, I wouldn't go back again just because the pizza wasn't anything amazing. Pepperoni was on the salty side and the white pizza was pretty good and garlic-y. Keep a look out for the container of garlic powder since we didn't see it until we were almost done eating. There's a couple of stools if you want to sit and eat but it's mostly standing along the bar top type of eating. There's free filtered water by the register and the staff was friendly and quick.
2	We waited in line for 45 minutes. the line in front if us got longer as people met up with their friends post pool session,   we started with 10 people ahead, and eventually had 30 ahead of us, who individually ordered . by the time we got to the front,  the pickings were so slim. they said it would be another 30 minutes for a SLICE of pepperoni. and we got a disgusting piece of mixed pizza toppings (some of which I couldn't identify)and split it. very disappointing.   will not be going back. better luck at a costco food court. The drinks were in Red Solo Cups, and I'm pretty sure they were $4-5 each for one fill up. We left hungry. We bought drinks at a downstairs shop, and made a note to never come back.
5	Great service and still amazing white pizza .. after I moved away from Vegas haven't had it in over a year and half so as soon as I found out I had a two and half hr layover in Vegas.. hopped in a taxi and headed straight here ..   Called to ask if they had  white pizza and how long it would be to order a whole pie .. Joe answered was super nice and helpful .. told me to head there in twenty min or 35 for a whole pizza .. was worried about time since there was some traffic so opted for four slices.. got there in ten .. I luckily the pizza hadn't come out of the oven yet b.c there was quite a line .. paid for four slices $20 .. waited ten min .. inhaled a slice and they packaged three for me to go ... with transportation these four slices costed me $15 a piece .. but I still love this pizza and so worth it .. and I don't even like pizza Tried to find white pizza in Seattle .. pfft .. Costco pizza is their best pizza -.-
4	This pizza joint is somewhat obscured by its hallway of album covers. Located on the 3rd floor where all the restaurants are concentrated, it was easy to find since there was a long line propagating in the "hidden" hallway. I was somewhat annoyed that I had to wait for the pizza, but the pizza was decent. You can tell that the dough is quite fresh and had an authentic Italian taste to the crust. If you can avoid waiting in line for this place, it is even better. They have a water dispensing machine by the cash register, but that device does not work properly as it barely trickles any water. You are better off purchasing a drink than relying on their water dispenser. They had some vintage pinball machines in this pizza joint, but they were non-functional. Also, my pizza was somewhat cold so if you are getting slices of pizza, make sure to ask them to reheat your pizza so that it is piping warm.
4	Didn't have a tough time looking for this place because I looked at all the yelp reviews LOL!It's something about that cheese that makes me want to come back for me. I definitely like the pizzas with the pizza sauce more than the white pizza, but the white pizza is pretty good as well. Definitely coming back to try some more flavors :). Is it worth the price though? Mmmm not really since it's 5 dollars per slice, but what can you expect? It's Vegas.
3	Great for a late night snack! Next to the elevator on the 3rd floor is an unmarked hallway, leading you to an old fashioned pizza joint with a red and white checkered floor and a Galaga arcade game. The pizza was decent, nothing fancy about it and there is no seating in the small restaurant, only counters. Best thing about Secret Pizza is that it's open until 4am!
5	I was at the Aria hotel craving some pizza when I yelped to see what was around me. I'm so glad this place came up because it completely satisfied my 4am pizza craving. Pepperoni is pretty good, but I liked the white pizza the best. It was very garlic-y which I love. I love the stone grilling process because it always makes the best crunchy, flavorful crust. I went back the next day for more, it was so good.
2	Meh.. maybe I needed to be drunk to enjoy THIS  pizza.
3	3.5 stars!I came here on NYE and waited for 30 minutes for a slice of white pizza for $5. The pizza was good. I prefer my pizza with thick crust, but the flavors were there. I think that $5 for a slice is a little high and the wait was too long, but it's Vegas on NYE so I understand.
4	Yay first review of 2014!!!I've been hearing a lot about this place, good and bad. I love pizza, so when a group of friends couldn't decide on what to eat, this place was the perfect spot.There's no signs, just an open door leading into a picture framed hallway. You look up at the simple menu. Immediately we noticed NO RANCH. Dang!! It's ok though. The pizza was still good without it. It's about $5 a slice for a plain cheese pizza, but with 5 of us, a couple dollars more per person got us a fresh whole pie. We opted for the white, which comes with mozzarella cheese and ricotta. It was quite tasty!!! A little but on the greasy side, but that's what happens when you order a pizza that's ALL cheese. It was a solid pizza spot, but for the pricing and the fact that there's hardly anywhere to sit, I'd still rather have Grimaldi's.P.S. This would be an awesome spot if I was drunk!
4	Cosmo, you're a freaking genius.What better way to attract all the drunkards but with a "secret" hidden pizza joint. Too bad it's really not a secret anymore. :(Anyways, secret pizza probably has saved me more than I realized. Especially on a drinking night, you gotta get that pizza fuel to get you through the night. What better way to end your night of drinking, dancing, clubbing but with some hot fresh pizza?!It's a better deal to just get a whole pizza. A 5 topping whole pizza come out to be around $35. For Cosmo standards, I think that's freaking worth it. Even if it's just for two people, just order a whole pizza, eat your couple of slices, then take the rest up to your room. And voila, you have breakfast the next day. The greatest thing about the Cosmo rooms is that they have microwaves inside the kitchen area so you can nuke your pizza the next morning for some hot breakfast or be like me and eat it cold. Also, if you get lazy and you're staying in the Cosmo rooms, they also deliver. How awesome is that? Anyways, their pizzas are actually pretty tasty so it's a win win for all!
5	OMG why did I have so much trouble finding this place!? It was like trying to find Platform 9 and 3/4. Got directions from 3 different employees working at the Cosmopolitan too. Blame it on the A-A-A-Alcohol! No, but the Fat Tuesday probably had something to do with it. My brother and I got here eventually. It's a tiny hallway in between two bigger restaurant (can't remember the names). The hallway is filled with pictures frames of old school favorites like Frank Sinatra and J. Travolta. Don't forget to capture a few photos in this Hallway of Fame. Pizza pizza pizza! Lightly crisped with a constant chewy texture after. Get the white cheese! That's all I can say. Didn't realize how fast I ate that slice. I love me a good slice of pizza, and now I have a pizzeria to go to in Vegas if I'm ever having a pizza craving.
4	Okay this place is pretty good but it's obviously not a secret anymore -_-The White Pizza or whatever is suuuper good. I love cheese and creamy pizza :3 yummyyy.But I have one freaking problem... THEY. DON'T. HAVE. RANCH. -____-i love my pizza crust with ranch and I was sho sad. They literally have it on their menu board. NO RANCH. :( sadness. But their sodas is unlimited refills FYI
4	Went here with a group of friends since ice skating was not going to happen that night. What a secret it is with no sign above the entrance. This is a place to order and then head out. Only a small counter to sit at. This place gets packed. No room to stand/sit while waiting for your order. Pizza by the slice or get an entire pie- your choice. Beer options are very limited. I appreciated the complimentary water.
4	Located on the third floor by the pool table in the Cosmo, you'll find a long dark hallway flanked with vintage record covers leading to a small pizza joint serving freshly baked pizza pies. It's really no secret that the secret pizza puts out some of the best late night eats this side of the strip! But most importantly, if you're staying at the Cosmo, there's no need to trek out in inclement weather or battle the strip crowd for good grub either.  Thankfully, on the late night I stumbled in, the line wasn't too obnoxiously long. Be warned, on certain nights when the Marquee or Chelsea has an event, you could be waiting for quite awhile for your slice, so plan accordingly! Overall, the pizzas are very tasty. Thinly sliced NYC style (for you to fold and eat)with a variety of topping options. My personal favorites are the works and white pizzas. They've got loads of condiments like oregano, granulated garlic, cheese, chili flakes etc for you to customize your pies, well. Happy Eats!
5	Located on the 3rd floor of The Cosmo, you will find a long, dark hallway covered with old schooled vinyl records that will lead you to the secret pizza joint! One of my favorites. You can order by the slice, which is $5/pop, or what I usually do is order the whole pizza back to the room to eat. It's definitely worth it even if there's only 2 people because you can always microwave it for another time! Be sure to call and place your take-out order about 40 minutes in advance to avoid any lines! They have an assorted variety to choose from, but my favorite is their white pizza, which is filled with garlic, cheese, and olive oil. Perfect after a long night of drunken fun!
4	Pizza is really as good as it gets in Vegas.  However it is really pricey.  $5.00 a slice and $25.00 for a large cheese is the most expensive pizza I've ever seen.
1	Got their burger and wings no flavor what's so ever. Huge disappointment. One star cause service was ok.
3	We had ended our night at XS and wanted to try Secret Pizza, so we made the drive and weren't amazed. The line is long but it moves rather quickly.The others got pepperoni and sausage & pepperoncini, both just ok. I got the white pizza, flavors were delicious. Sadly, they don't reheat the slices, so ours were cold and our cheese hardened.Perfect for a night after Marquee, but wasn't worth the drive for us.
5	You know the drill.Go to Marquee.  Get drunk and have a good time.  Leave early enough to grab a slice from Secret Pizza right next door.  Honestly I never remember what I get here, but it's always good and not just because I'm drunk half the time.  There's usually a line especially at these odd hours, but the line moves pretty fast and it's oh so worth it.  This is one of my top 2 post-club foods right up there with Steak & Eggs at Tuscany's.
5	I have dreams about this place.
4	Secret Pizza definitely hits the right spot... especially if you are drunk/tipsy/buzzed from a night at Marquee.  I would leave clubbing early to beat the 2am long line, but I'm a fatty.  Even if you want to just fall asleep and go home, this pizza is worth the extra 30 min out.  Just go upstairs to the third floor and find the tiny little alley with drunk people leaning on the wall in line.  The white pizza is amazeballs and always ask for it even if you don't see it.  Sometimes they have a pizza waiting under the table!  Shhhh!  Secret pizza...
5	Came here after club hopping, and I truly thought it would be just a normal eh ok pizza but boy was I wrong! Hands down one of the best pizzas I've ever had! I got a slice of the veggie and man everything from the sauce to the crust was perfect !!! Def. Coming here again  when in town. Also the name of this place is truly fitting.
4	I bet you'll know at least one person who knows where this place is! You go through a hallway and enter this magical little place cooking up delicious pizza. You start with a base slice and you can add as many toppings as you want (you pay per topping). They kinda just pile everything on there, so dont get too carried away or it will be difficult to eat. Also, don't be fooled by the selection they have on the counter, because they have a lot more under the table! Crispy, hot, and delicious mmmm. While it's a bit steep at $5, I'd still come back here! We went around 2 or 3 on a Saturday and there was no wait. WOO! but I hear the line can get pretty long
5	So at 1:00 am - your hungry... Where do you go? This place!! The pizza was hot , fresh, and delicious!
5	I LOVE SECRET PIZZAAAAA !! Being a Californian there's not a lot of pizza joints that  satisfy my needs when it comes to pie. Secret pizza hits the spot, being the foodie that I am it's totally worth the 4 hour drive down to Vegas ( YES, IT'S THAT AWESOME ) and order a box of pie from here. I recommend pepperoni ( can't go wrong with that right? ) and the white pizza, the pepperoni slices are SOOOOOOO good, its unlike what I tasted before, I feel like I haven't had true pepperoni until that day I had it here at Secret Pizza. And the white pie... Oh my god. I've never had white pie before and I'm glad I lost my white pie virginity here LOL, sprinkle on some red pepper flakes and your slice is solid. This was all i ate on a 3 day trip to Vegas while staying at the Cosmo, every day..I just wished they delivered :(The second time I came here wasn't as flavor packed as the first but I still love it anyway :)As far as ordering goes, I would definitely call in and order ahead of time if you're planning on getting a fresh whole box of pizza. YUM. If not they have a selection of pizzas by the slice you can choose from and they reheat it in their oven for a couple of minutes for you so it's nice and hot for ya. You can even watch them make pizza I front of your own eyes if you get bored waiting, I find it pretty entertaining. The guys that work here are nice and I'm glad that they are, it just makes the pizza here taste even better.
4	For any drunk club-goer in the wee hours of the night, this place is a dream come true. I went to Vegas for work recently and arrived to the hotel at midnight after many delays and hadn't eaten dinner. I was able to run downstairs and get a piece of pizza in 15 minutes. This place is tucked away on the third floor across from Marquee - look for a long hallway with vintage record covers.I got a piece of the white pizza ($5) - obviously, no tomato sauce, and lots of cheese (almost too much cheese). There was a ton of mozzarella cheese, ricotta cheese, and a garlic oil. There was a bit of a pool of garlicky oil on the top of my pizza, and I had to pick around some of the mozzarella cheese. I loved the NY crust - it was not soggy and was both crisp and chewy. If you're at the club and have found "someone special", you may want to avoid this white pizza since you'll have garlic breath for the rest of the night. The white pizza was great, and I was sober and hungry, so I'm sure if you're inebriated, it will taste even more delicious. I came back the next day after going out and drinking a lot and got the Supreme pizza. It was good, but not as good as the White pizza.Great for a late night slice of pizza after drinking, or when you need a quick bite to eat. They have a cooler of free water & cups so you can hydrate after a long night out.
4	Damn good pizza, tucked away inside the Cosmo. My usual go-to spot back when they were doing the free shows inside Book & Stage.
5	Cheap! Fast! Amazingly delicious! What more can you ask for?! This place is perfection! I love the white pizza the most and of course good 'ol pepperoni pizza. They even have Sicilian pizza which is yummy! They tend to have long lines at night so I normally go for lunch and its faster. Love this place and its now my go to place when I go to Vegas. Its a must! The closes thing to real NY pizza on the west coast.
3	$5 a slice!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=X6KFkFPwPA8My53L3XTX4g#X6KFkFPwPA8My53L3XTX4gSure them be some damn good slices of NY style pie, but damn Gina, even in Vegas $5 felt a bit steep for cheese and bread. Just know that if you go on any busy night, it will be a long wait in a long hallway. Bring some drinks or something to kill the time. If the line is out of the hall, expect to wait almost an hour for above average $5 a slice pizza.
5	Holy Smokes!I will start by saying that this place has the BEST pizza I have eaten in a while, (next to chicago deep dish in chicago) but this place is DELICIOUS!I had to wait about 30 min for the line, and I ordered a full pie and normally it takes 25 min but they messed up a few times and ended up waiting 45 min. I was extremely hungry but it's understandable that sometimes people make mistakes. The worker did give us a free 2 liter bottle for making us wait extra. I got the normal Cheese pizza, size of this thing is HUGE. It was 25 bucks even split between 6 people which was less than 5 bucks a person! Definitely a good price for something in VegasI woke up wanting more of this deliciousness. will most definitely come back again and try calling in my order next time. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	There's not really much to say because I can sum it up in 4 words. THE BEST PIZZA EVER!Done! A must try Go NoW!
4	I wouldn't say this place is cheap.... But their pepperoni is soooo good. but they were a little stinchy on their sauce though.  Not the best pizza I ever had but it's pretty good.  Maybe it was just over hyped for me.  4 stars - Chances are I'm coming back.
4	This place is actually pretty good even though when we first saw the pizza we thought it wasn't gonna be good lolol anyways we went there late night n not line! GOOD! n I order the meat lover n the white cheese pizza n there are both surprisingly good!! especially the white cheese pizza! this place is really cheap n probably get a lot of ppll here after clubbing cuz it right next to the marquee exit lol plus cool door way tot eh place too hahah
5	Pizza was Hot & Fresh. I love when the cheese stretches after you bite it. That's how you know its real ;) I love the concept of the location. You have to FIND IT!!! Cashier was talking too damn much and caused a long dredding unnecessary line!! Serve the pizza, crack a joke a move on!!!!! Two slices cost around $15 with no drinks.  You get what you pay for !!!! Sooo good!!!! I will return!!!!
5	Awesome tasty thin crust pizza. Ask for pepperoncini peppers. Not much seating and a bit hard to find. On the 3rd floor in a narrow alley behind the pool table.
4	Delicious pizza! If you are tired of getting Earl's for a quick but yummy bite, head over to Secret Pizza. The slices are large, hot, and filling. I must have eaten here three times in one day when I was in Vegas.Got the sausage with peppers, cheese, and margherita. All of them were yummy but when I had the sausage with peppers one cold later that night, it was extremely salty so not sure what was going on there.
3	$30 for a whole white pizza. It's not cheap but what would you expect on lv strip unless you are getting fastfood? I had the white pizza to go and it was pretty good but not the best I have had. Next time, I'll just get a few slices of different flavors.The place is a bit tricky to find. It is located 3rd floor cosmo right off the escalator and right nexg to the steak place. You will have to literally just go in the hallway that looks like it is leading you to a game room.
5	Felt like I just grabbed a slice on the boardwalk. Yelp reviewers are right on with this spot. A tiny place tucked away on the third floor of the cosmopolitan. I'm not a huge pizza gal because I don't like a lot of bread and red sauce so this spot maybe me very happy. Crispy thin crust and the offer white slices. Great oil and garlic flavor. Two slices were too much but who knows when I'll be able to have a great slice like this again.  Perfect for lunch and in assuming amazing after drinking.
5	My friends and I hit up Secret Pizza on our last trip to Vegas, and it surely didn't disappoint!We had heard so much about it from friends, and on our last night out we stopped by around 2 am for a slice. The line wasn't real long when we got there, but it was out past the hallway by the time we left!The whole experience is pretty awesome. You can't smell the pizza outside of the hallway, and there is no sign, so it feels like you've made a quirky little discovery when you pop in.I am a pizza purist, so I stuck with a regular pepperoni. It wasn't the best pizza I've had, but it was pretty great! Not too much cheese or sauce, and it was so hot and fresh. We waited a couple minutes for a fresh pizza because they had just run out of the pepperoni, and it was so worth it.I definitely recommend Secret Pizza to anyone, whether you're looking for a bite after walking the strip, or you've got the munchies after a few hours of partying. It's cheap, fast, and delish!
3	I've been to Secret Pizza twice now (most recently this past weekend) and I give it an average rating only because of the quality of the pizza. Granted, it is a great place eat at 2 am when you're wasted and hanging out at the Cosmo. I felt like the price paid ($5/slice) for the portion size given was unacceptable.  I know it's Vegas, but you can get a slice twice the size for $3-4 in New York City a.k.a. The mecca of pizza. They also didn't have much variety this time.  I had a sliced sausage and pepperoni pizza which skimped on the sauce and the crust was too chewy.    We waited about 30 minutes in the line which we didn't mind so much, but it's kind of a letdown when you're overcharged and don't feel completely satisfied at the end. It's still decent drunk food, but I would never consider going there in any other circumstance. Being from Texas, I didn't really understand the whole "No Ranch" thing.  It's just ranch dressing.  Its not that expensive, you could probably charge a small amount for it and still profit and make tons more customers happy (This is for all of us in TX and the Midwest who require ranch dressing).Next time you're in Vegas and it's late and you're drunk and hungry, consider Secret Pizza for a fix, but realize there are other options that are just as, if not more appealing (Hash House a go go, Earl of Sandwich, etc).
4	Secret no more! :OAfter a long night of dancing the night away in KILLER heels you can't help but want to eat some delicious comfort food, and what better place to get it than from a place that calls itself Secret Pizza, everyone loves a good secret ;) If you didn't know about this place before hand, you would probably miss it, and it sure isn't a place to miss! But once you walk down that infamous hall way of frames on frames on frames into this lovely secret spot and smell the lovely aroma of yummy thin crust pizza you'll surely be happy to have found this hidden gem. My GO TO dish of course is everything! Order any kind of pizza and your taste buds will be happy little campers. I personally like to keep things simple and stick to the mushroom pizza, so delicious! With a few drinks in me, I could probably eat a whole box of pizza from here easily :PTry to beat the clubs closing or you will have to wait in a long line for your yummy goodies along side of a bunch of drunk barefoot ladies! X.XHappy eats, loves! ^_^
4	Pretty good pizza-- however, it's definitely not a secret anymore as the line was out the door at 4 am. Get the white pizza, it's as good as everyone says. At $5 a slice, it's not cheap for pizza but it's pretty decent for Vegas. Perfect place to go grab a late night bite after dancing all night at Marquee.
4	Came here based on a recommendation from a friend. I dont know how else people go here besides that because it is so hard to find! It was hard finding it even though we knew what we were looking for. There are no signs to get to the restaurant, but we were able to ask someone that worked there and we were pointed in the right direction. Its a really neat place. Cool pinball machines and records on the walls and they serve their beer in red solo cups. There is not a lot of room to eat, but if you take it to go and eat it your hotel room that works for larger parties. My favorite pie is the white pie! Its amazing and a gem on the strip!
3	My friends led me here and I didn't even know this place existed next to Marquee. I came here pretty sober so I didn't actually find the pizza place to be all that tasty although I could imagine how amazing it would taste as drunk food. It was $5 pizza per slice and only $25 for a pie so we tried to order one. They told us it would take 20 minutes and we were strapped for time so we ended up just ordering 4 slices of pizza. Next time, I'll be sure to place an advance order for the pie.
3	Secret Pizza lives up to its name. It has no sign and I have no idea how I found myself to this restaurant.Each slice is about $5 and the slices are decently large. I thought this was pretty expensive. The pizza is just normal pizza to me as nothing was really special about its construction or toppings. I thought that the slices were very flimsy and it would have been better to eat it with a knife and fork.There are not many seats for this place so prepare to stand and eat (there is nowhere outside either).
5	The name says it all since it took me about half an hour to find it. Yes being 3am and having a few of drinks didn't help my hunt but if you blink you miss the narrow hallway entrance. There was a line but it moved quickly and finally it was my turn to order, I place my order quickly since I was starving. Once I got my two slices i went outside since  there was no place to sit and I was in pizza heaven. This pizza was the perfect combination of sauce, cheese and crispy crust.
2	So disappointed with this pizza!  I was looking forward to trying this place for the longgggesssstttt time!  It took me my 11th time to Vegas since I turned 21 to finally find this place (or at least really make an effort to go) and was so let down!  I'm generally not a fan of pizza but I can enjoy a slice every now and then.  When I got  that slice of the White Pizza (that everyone raves about), I wasn't impressed at all for the $5 that I just spent.  I love garlic and I love white sauce and I don't mind ricotta cheese, but it was just something about it that slice of pizza that was not my thing... the slice didn't even seem fresh and was barely warm.  :cIt definitely wasn't amazing pizza sober.  I dunno about all y'all drunchies but maybe I'll give Secret Pizza another try the next time I come.  Just super disappointed that I hyped this place up anticipating that this place was going to be good, only to be let down..
4	Secret Pizza, you sneaky little devil. This pizza joint, if I recall, is located on the 3rd floor of The Cosmopolitan. Once you step off the escalator, look for a nondescript hallway, no signs, no nothing but  quite possibly a looong line of people. Congratulations, you've unlocked their "secret" venue, now prepare yourself for a good 30 minute wait. I won't lie. It's pretty much torture, especially if you've found yourself here after club hours like myself. You can try your best to entertain yourself with the semi-neato-skeeto album covers but who are we kidding, anytime you get a whiff of that delicious pizza or someone exits the venue and walks past you in that narrow hallway, you're reminded how you're STILL in line and STILL not stuffing your piehole with, well, pie.After you've managed to snake yourself to the end of the hallway, you can start eyeballing which pie is destined to be yours, individual slices or a whole pie? I opted for the latter and had to wait longer but it was worth it. I got half mushroom & pepperoni and the other half was ricotta and garlic. I enjoyed both types immensely but favored the white pizza and would gladly bathe in slices of this pizza - so good! Uber good!!Pizza had a nice chewiness and the cheese was cheesy goodness. Definitely hit the spot! I ordered a large pizza and ducked out to one of the open tables just to the left upon exiting the hallway and inhaled my little slice of heaven.Oh, by the way. You might see some unusual happenings while in line. For instance, one girl got to the cashier, turned around, lifted her dress and shook what her mama gave her. My friend and I turned to look at each other and mentally said, "Did you just see that?" while one other patron yelled out "Does that get you free toppings?" Hahah, we all laughed.Anyway, duty called (boyfriend back in hotel room patiently waiting) so I paraded out of The Cosmopolitan and made my way over to MGM. Unfortunately BF was passed out, sad story for him, but happy ending for me: I plopped down in our living room and helped myself to another slice :)So my verdict?Worth the wait? Unfortunately yes.Will I come back? Oh you betcha'Will I save pizza for the next morning? No, it's definitely better hot... unless you have access to a microwave!
2	Nope not a fan of this place! Pizza was OK but for sure not worth the price! I wouldn't venture back here anytime soon. This place is at the cosmo hotel and casino 3rd floor.  Lucky i didn't have to wait in long lines. I ate half of the pizza and the rest in the trash..
5	Hit up some pizza after marquee.Dare you to find something better after leaving marquee within 2 min.Perfect spot with great pizza.Celebrate life.
5	I honestly think this is my favorite pizza in Las Vegas. I mean I don't go out of my way to come here because driving on the strip is a bi...atch, but if I happen to be at Cosmo I will do ANYTHING within my power to stop by Secret Pizza. Their white pizza is the definite winner. The gobs of different cheeses that they use are just too delicious. Pepperoni and sausage is a close second! They use thick slices of sausage that just complement the rich tomato sauce perfectly. Their crust is chewy and crispy at the same damn time. If you come here you have to order an entire pizza regardless of how many people are in your party. Nothing beats a freshly baked pizza! Just be careful to wait a second so you don't burn the roof of your mouth. Now excuse me while I go reheat a leftover slice of white pizza in my kitchen.
5	Tomcat: What do you want for dessert? Pizza Cat: Pizzzzzah! Tomcat: We just had dinner. Pizza Cat: Yes, but we didn't have pizzzzzah! So. that sums it up. +1500 reviews, there's nothing that Pizza Cat can say that someone else hasn't said. Pizza Cat says it's a great 'za. She liked the combo pizza the best, even better than the pepperoni pizza. It was so good, she finished the combo pizza it its entirety, even after eating half the pepp slice AND eating a full dinner. Only negative is Pizza Cat was annoyed at the mess, especially since they were paying outrageous prices for slices of pizza. She gets it, it's suppose to be a NY-style pizzeria, but it doesn't have to be that authentic! Clean tables and clean condiments would be nice.
3	First off, thank you to everyone on Yelp giving directions to this "secret" spot - my brother made it sound very mysterious, so when visiting Cosmopolitan while walking the Strip, I told everyone we had to check it out. We lucked out going around 3pm with barely a wait (I'm sure late night it is crackin'). It's a cool concept, I'll give them that. The fact that there is no signage and the corridor is only marked with records makes you think you are going down a hallway to a restroom or back alley. But the blaring music and everyone outside standing around eating pizza slices makes it a dead giveaway. For its prices, it's decent pizza. They have a handful of slices to choose from, so I went with my typical white pizza - how I wish they put spinach or another type of green on top! My friend's husband got one with meatball topping and my boyfriend got traditional pepperoni. Our slices were warmed up quickly (my boyfriend lucked out with a fresh slice) and we grabbed our drinks and sat outside the pizza place near the pool table. Crunchy thin crust covered with decent toppings and lots of cheesy goodness - it's hard to go wrong. But I've had great pizza slices all over New York and San Diego, so I can't say its the best pizza I've ever had. I would love to give it more stars, but with all the pizza places that serve slices late night around Vegas (the one in Aria is just as delicious), Secret Pizza has some competition.
5	It's a secret. It's pizza, and it's good. That is all.
5	Secret pizza place...not much of a secret anymore! Especially when you make your way there after going to the club in the wee hours of the morning and there is a line that looks so intimidating that you want to turn back. Then someone walks by with their fresh from the oven slice and you decide to wait it out..this place is worth the wait for sure!
5	Had to get directions twice to find my way there and still have no idea how to get to this place. But the pizza was awesome and cheap. Probably more awesome at 2am.
2	S.S.A.P =  Secret Soggy Ass Pizza.  Albeit the ingredients were all fresh and great quality the execution of the pizza fell apart...literally.  The crust could not support the fats from the cheese and meats which made the crust completely marry in with the cheese to create this flimsy, greasy slice.  I understand that who makes the pizza makes the difference in the outcome so maybe the cooks had an off day.  I went in at around 1 pm on Saturday on 1/25/2014 and had the white pizza and meat lovers.  There was no line but was told by some that the line is usually off the hook.  There is so much more to experience foodie wise in Vegas, especially off the strip.  If you are looking for a cheap eat in a pizza form Bonnanos on the strip does the job and a much better tasting slice or if you want similar to east coast style pizza  Grimaldis at the Venetian is amazing...pricey but worth it.  Foodies leave this place behind to the drunkards coming off that club high and let the grease soaks up all their sins cuz lord knows this place has enough greasy pizza to purify everyone in Vegas!
5	Amazing!!! First of all, I loved the idea of it being this little hidden gem. This is why it was on our scavenger hunt created for my 30th. The pizza was delicious but the service (particularly of Ray the pizza chef) was outstanding. Such a nice guy that was so fun  and really went out of his way to help us with our scavenger hunt. I would stay at Cosmo next time just to have this pizza place steps away. :)
2	The place was not hard to find at all just follow the smell once on the third floor. The pizza quality was average at best. I would not go back there is average pizza on the strip.
4	I've been trying to get to this place for a couple of months. It was worth the wait! Kinda pricey but it's hard to find a good slice of pizza some times... $8 a slice of Sicilian and $8 for a 12oz beer on tap... A bit pricey but I'll be back.
4	It was good.  Pricey but good
5	I'm a sucker for delicious pizza by the slice! This place is so fun, from discovering it down the unmarked hallway (3rd floor) to the fun decor in the small space. It really captures the pizza by the slice experience of other great cities! The hallway is lined in album covers, many of which are signed. It opens up a little bit into the shop that has counters along the walls and a pin ball machine. Pizza: they have NY style or Sicilian. I have always gone for classic NY. Pies are out on display and cost around $4-5 per slice. Once you select, they toss it in the oven to heat and crisp it then serve it on lined paper plates. Beer is on tap as well as sodas and water. It's no secret how delicious this pizza is!
3	We were in town and decided to have a little food adventure to find this place. We were a little disappointed because it wasn't as "hidden" as we thought it would be but that just may be because we hyped it up to ourselves so much. As far as the pizza, it was fine. A little too greasy for my taste but the pepperoni was tasty. So was it the best pizza I've ever eaten? Definitely not. Would it be very satisfying at 2am after some drinks? Absolutely.
1	Wanna know where they got the name Secret Pizza from? It's simple. The pizza is just that, a secret. Nothing more than a whisper lost on the wind.A large group of friends and myself rented out a suite upstairs for a bachelor party. We put an order in for 3 pies around 6:00pm, they inform me they should be at my room in 45 minutes. 7:00pm rolls around and I give them a call. They say the pizzas are on their way! 7:30pm comes and no pizza. I call back, they say the pizzas are on their way! 8:00pm comes and no pizza.Maybe I should try giving them a call tomorrow or perhaps next week and see if the pies are still on their way.
5	Best pizza on the strip! The food was spectacular as a warm up to a long night of dancing and drinking. I have recommended it to several friends for their Vegas trips and everyone has said the same. Yumm!
5	Surprisingly good.  There are no signs so be on the look at if you're at the Cosmo.  I got the pizza with tomatoes and peppers, which I actually liked better than the sausage pizza.  FYI- if you are choosing between Secret Pizza in the Cosmo and Five50 in Aria I would go for Secret Pizza.  Not only is it better, but way cheaper too!
4	Fun place open Super late or early depending on how u look at it. Good pizza slices couple beers on tap.  Definitely a place to eat on the strip between midnight and 4am
4	Delicious Pizza! Having the munchies after a night of clubbing at Marquee or just plain hungry? drop by this little hidden place. Find the doorway and walk through that corridor, you'll see and smell the pizza! It isn't too expensive for a slice, $4. Definitely worth getting a pie if you're sharing with a group, its cheaper that way.
5	SECRETS OUT GUYS!This place is seriously a gem. Came here because of Yelp and because of friends who highly recommended this place and I am very glad I did. All I can say for location is to follow the pizza. You will see people coming from the same direction and just head their way and you will reach the magic kingdom! The hallway you walk through is super cool too with records all over the walls and once you get in there are retro arcade games as well! When it was my turn, I wanted to try the white pizza but didn't know if I'd like ricotta cheese so while I was discussing my decision with my cousin, the guy cut me a sliver to try - so nice! I ended up loving that sliver and getting a slice myself while my cousins got the pepperoni and the one with everything.Let me tell you, this pizza is not for the health-conscious. It is super super oily and cheesy but hey, what good pizza isn't? The pizza is literally one of the best thin-crust pizzas I've had! It is definitely better  than Lombardi's in NY in my opinion but tied with Artichoke Pizza in NY for my favorite pizza ever. & super affordable!Definitely a must-try in my opinion! I tried all 3 and the white pizza was my favorite! DO IT GUYS.
5	After a night full of drinking and gambling in Sin City, where do you go to get some delicious food after midnight?  SECRET PIZZA.  Located in the Cosmopolitan, finding the little pizza parlor is an adventure in itself.  Secret Pizza is located at the end of the corridor by the pool tables.  There are no signs for the entrance which makes it a bit difficult to find.  I would definitely recommend the white slice, then adding a meat such as pepperoni.  They do offer pies as a whole for sale as well.  One big advice: avoid going to Secret Pizza around 3AM on a Friday or Saturday night.... All the club crawlers from Marquee want pizza too and there will be a long line.
3	I wasn't impressed.During the start of a girls weekend in Vegas, we set our sights on Secret Pizza early on.  Once we "found it" (super easy to find), we walked down the album covered hallway to discover minimal seating and zero ambiance.  The pizza is about as good as an average NY pizzeria (which is to say, it's better than most places =P), so if you're looking for a slice of home, that is what you'll get.  Nothing too special, definitely solid, but this stop was definitely made for post Marquee fuel.  If you want better pizza spot with more ambiance, head over to the Aria and hit up Five50.
4	This place really is a secret. My friends and I tried looking for it while running into a security guy we asked if he knew where it was and he DIDN'T. He also mentioned we were the second group that asked him that. What the? Don't you work here? This "secret pizza" place is located on the THIRD floor of the Cosmo on the east tower. It is toward the end, next to a cafe/bar? I can't remember what it was exactly since I was super excited to see the hallway! Walk down the long hallway with ads/posters on both sides of the wall. It will look like an arcade inside. The pizza is really good. Of course not as good as the real NYC pizza but I love how crispy the dough is! The homemade sausage is pretty good as well! Can't complain about the sauce either! :) you should definitely give it a try if you're staying at the Cosmo or nearby!
4	Secret pizza is the place to go for moderately priced pizza in Vegas. Its kind of hidden (hence the name). It is on the same floor as the pool table at the cosmopolitan. My personal favorite is the white pizza with sausage. Its a thin crust pizza with the perfect cheesy flavor the sausage are legit sausage slices and not the kind from dominos. The normal red pizza is also really good too and typically they have more options for it available. It tastes extra good after you're done doing your business at marquee and have those drunchies. But the line is pretty long because everyone from the club goes there after. So if youre not going out at night I would recommend eating before 2:00 am because you will be stuck in a line full of less than sober people. The pizza makes it all worth it though.
4	Third floor in the Cosmo!! When you see the pool table you've made it! The pizza slice is about $4-6 but it's a pretty big portion. They'll heat the slice up for you and boy oh boy is it delicious :) it's thin crust and crispy... None of that soggy stuff :)
5	Fantastic pizza. Hard to find, but don't hesitate to ask around. Employees at the Cosmopolitan were happy to point us in the right direction. Or look for a stream of giddy people exiting from a random hallway.
5	Great pizza for when you have those munchies that won't seem to go away when all of the restaurants have closed down past 12 AM. Pick up a slice or an entire box. I got a slice of cheese pizza and it was a generous size. Went back for seconds. I'm sure everything else is as delicious as the cheese pizza is. Definitely go to food when you're drunk and need a quick pick me up or for a snack. Good luck finding it in the hotel. It's hidden away behind a cool alley decorated with records!
5	Love. Love. Love. Love. We stop as soon as we're in town. During our stay and then as we leave. It's ridiculously good. Vegas prices of course but worth every penny. Especially the white pie. If you come in from the elevators in the parking garage on the west side I believe it takes you right to it on the third floor. There's a pool table and an art gallery outside of it. Has a clear elevator immediately to the right of the infamous hallway entrance. Must try.
4	Located on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel and across the escalator through a long hallway you'll find one of the best pizzas in Las Vegas. We ordered the white pizza special with pepperoni and some sort of sausage and a mushroom and sausage pizza. Both were delicious! Total came out to $11 for the two pizzas. You can also use your Cosmopolitan Identity Players card to pay for your meal if you have enough points. There isn't really much space to eat inside but you can take your meal outside by the escalator where there is a nice lounge area with plenty of seating. You will find many people devouring their pizzas there! There is also a pool table you can use for free. We will be coming back here again!
4	Hidden gem of Cosmopolitan - maybe the only thing I really like about that hotel/casino...This place hits the spot when you need your pizza fix. Mostly thin crust, but I think they do offer Sicilian style.I've tried their pepperoni and cheese - I'm indifferent to either one. The pizza that gives this four stars is the White pizza (Ricotta, mozzarella, and herbs). This is probably the only one that will keep me coming back. It's wonderfully greasy, chewy texture of melted cheese, and the salty, garlicky goodness makes the pizza addicting.NOTE: It can get packed...be prepared to stand in line for a while if you hit a busy period.
4	This psuedo-hidden pizza joint is just one of the many reasons to LOVE The Cosmopolitan. Secret Pizza serves legit New York-style pies of all varieties, and their hours are every bit as legit as their pizza (open 'til 5am). It's the perfect compliment to a long night out - you'll impress the your friends with your secret-hidden-spot knowledge, and soak up the Vegas booze while you're at it!The beer selection could be a bit better, with only two varieties on draft (Bud Light and Blue Moon when I was there), but that's being picky, isn't it?Not much more I can say that hasn't already been said, except: GO HERE!  :)
4	Ahh Secret Pizza, how I adore my alcohol induced memories of you...At $5.50 for a decent at best, cheese pizza slice and 50 cents extra per additional topping, my cheap self would not purchase this if it were located anywhere else. But alas it's Vegas and when you're craving pizza at 3 in the morning you kind of just dgaf. That being said I come here over and over again. 4 STARS!!
4	Great hidden joint! First time to Vegas (and the states) from Australia so the only thing we wanted was a nice big, traditional slice of pizza that we always see in the movies. The pizza was great! $5 a slice so it was more pricey than other pizza shops we had been too, save some money and buy it by the pie not a slice. Perfect for when you haven't slept for 36hrs and need sustenance fast. You'll find it on the top floor of the Cosmo, down an alley of old vinyl records, no signage around, and it doesn't need it. Every second person can point you in the direction.
4	It's almost like geocaching in the Cosmo to find this place. Really good pizza and very friendly staff. Cool decor, too. Would definitely eat here again.
3	Been here couple times since my parents always stay at the Cosmo hotel! Good decent place for a quick bite. There is only a couple seating in there. It is located on the 2nd floor in a little hallway with a bunch of records on the wall. Very easy to miss!!!! I've had the pepperoni and the white pizza! Both are ok , kind of oily .
4	Directions from other yelpers were spot on.  We had no problem finding it.  We lucked out with our timing because we were the only ones without pizza when we walked in.  Straight to the register and we went simple... 2 pepperoni slices and side of the house made pickled peppers (a must if they have it).  It was delicious and I would definitely go back.  If you appreciate pizza and the simplicity, it was spot on.  I wish I had more room to try other slices but I had been on a food fest since arriving.  Also, it's worth it to come here just to check out the hotel.  Gorgeous!  Felt like I was in some NYC boutique hotel.  Of course the gambling area is like any other.  But the lobby and hallways and shops... it's worth it to come see a beautiful hotel.
4	I am amazed I found this place upon leaving Marquee one night last summer after a heavy night of partying. I've made several trips to Vegas since then and always make it a point to drop by for a slice and cup of PBR. Crusty crust and tasty toppings. Simple slice of tasty za. One of the amazing spots inside the Cosmopolitan.
4	The pizza was ok. The hallway looked like my old bathroom in Brooklyn with all the album covers... Swoon. Taking off two points for having a wall sized photo mural of Soho NYCs venerable and legit Lombardis on Spring street and then the pizza literally tastes nothing like that brick oven wonderland. But one point back on for the fairly babely tattooed dudes running the spot. What can I say I'm a sucker for skater boys. Blame Avril Levigne?
5	The best pizza west of Mississippi. Love the crust and fresh toppings. Sauce is perfect. Love NewYork,Chicago and Rome for pizza but this is as good. Always willing to walk here no matter where I stay in Vegas.
2	Honestly not very impressed. I had the slice with meatball which the meatball was good, but the pizza itself is clearly made hours before hand and just sits cold, which reflects in the stale texture and bland taste. It was a big let down from all the inflated hype from reviews I saw on here. However if you're drunk this place is perfect to sop up some alcohol.
4	Secret Pizza is secret.  Tucked in a corner they have some great pizza to sling out of their little corner store.  Line was out the door but worth the wait.
3	Far from being a secret as far as a pizza joint. One of hosts walking around even told me it's easy to find, it's right around the corner when I asked for some direction. And when I got there, the line was as long as a concession stand at a Lakers game during halftime! Guess the whole building knew about this secret joint! The pizza was decent... I've had better. Main reason two stars fall is because I woke up the next morning with more gas than a Chevron station!
4	This Hidden Pizza joint is inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel and it's definitely hidden  I found out about it from a friend who visited a month prior and it was mentioned when we checked in.  It's near many of the other restaurant but there's NO signage ANYWHERE for this place.  Hence  the secret I guess.  We went to check it out when we first arrived to possibly get a quick lunch but it doesn't have places to sit and eat so we decided to try it later.  Bad move! While there during the day, there was  no line, but things changed at 3 in the morning.  There was a serious line.  But what are you to do when it's the only place open and you need some grease? Line moved fairly quickly and we got the slices we were eyeing earlier.  We tried the white pizza and pepperoni with peppers.  Pizza was bomb!  Loved that it's all thin crust.  Had some good flavors going on.  The white pizza with ricotta/garlic was my favorite!   Highly recommend if you're in the area.
5	Tried this place last time I stayed at the Cosmo. Was referred to by one of the security working MARQUEE. I love how it is located down a long unmarked hallway, making it feel that much more "secret". It's very New York looking, with a simple no frills menu on the wall. NO RANCH in huge capital letters made me giggle. I love the contrast of this pizza joint placed inside of an uber stylish modern sleek hotel. This place has become a staple when visiting Vegas now. Easily some of the best pizza I've ever had.
5	Secret pizza. A secret no more?  The guy said the Food Network had just left shooting a segment the day we got there. I'm pretty sure in the near future, this amazing little place will be a packed house 24/7. Secret pizza located in the Cosmopolitan hotel in vegas is truly one of those awesome places you wish existed everywhere else in the world. Simple and good food, quick, friendly service, and open from 10am - 5am (for those midnight pizza cravings!). The pizzas are hot and cheesy and crispy! Pretty much exactly how I like them. Prices are reasonable, about $5 or so a slice. You walk up and see what they have to offer, choose your slices, and they pop it in the oven to heat it and crisp it up for you. The meatball ricotta pizza they had was ridiculously yummy - dollops of ricotta mixture, yummy meatball. Mmm. It's a thin NY style pizza I'd say, but they sometimes also have these fluffy deep dish offerings that pretty much taste like huge crispy cheesy garlic breads. Very yummy! They also make a pretty mean cannoli and the guys there are super welcoming and friendly. Ooh, and free filtered water!! Gotta love that. Love it here! It's a must eat in vegas for sure :)
3	Ok.. the pizza here is good... but I don't understand the hype! My friends always want Secret Pizza whenever we go to Vegas.. but WHY... To me.. Secret Pizza is just pizza... nothing special.. but if I had to recommend something, the white pizza is the best out of all the other ones I've tried here. Conveniently located in Cosmo for those of you who like Marquee Day/Night club.. I guess it's something you should at least try once. But don't have too high expectations!
2	Pizza tasted ok, was pretty greasy despite me taking off excessive oil with a napkin, got the white pizza. 10 min later had to run to bathroom!! Actually in 3. Haven't eaten anything for 6 hrs before then. You may get sick, proceed with caution
5	Great spot esp if you need a quick snack post drinking and gambling. A little pricey but it's the strip!
5	Tried a slice after dinner wanted to a get another. Just that good. No it was better then good. Please don't tell anyone where it's at, so it doesn't get crowded. It was like being back in the big apple.
4	OMGAWWWWWWWD! Where is this place?!! No signs, nothing. Had to call twice! Lol!! Thanks for the friendly service. we're hereeeeee and the pizzas are awesome. We got the white, mushroom and veg one. Crispy, light, expensive and delish!
2	I don't really see what the hype is about.  The pizza was nothing spectacular and the line was super long.  To top it off, the service was pretty crappy.  The boyfriend and I ordered 2 slices of pepperoni pizza and they told us to wait about 15 minutes for a newly baked pepperoni pizza.  Over 20 minutes later and my boyfriend finally went to inquire about our slices, even though we were standing right across from the cashier.  She forgot about us and we stood there longer than we had to.  Nothing special but if you have a hankering for pizza and you're at the Cosmo, then by all means, this is the place for you.  Just don't expect anything spectacular.
4	Great pizza, a little pricey, great service a definite place to stop and try for a quick bite .
3	all HYPEBUT the pizza at 2am is amazing tho LOLsecret tip. call ahead if your ordering a pie. it takes 20 mins if you wait
5	That was an awesome slice of pie. I am very satisfied. I will be coming here every time I come to Las Vegas. It is always amazing when you find a special gem like this one.
5	The best pizza on the strip ! Meat lovers all the way. Never been here before glad we found it. Prices are great as well.  Make sure to stop here if sober or drunk pizza is bomb
4	Must have if you can find it......tucked away in a hallway near STK. Great 3 am pizza!
5	So yummy and cheap and in Vegas!!!  We ate here every night we stayed in vegas.   It was damn good and the crust was amazing for thin crust.  This was some of the best pizza I have ever had and its only $5 per slice.
4	The pizza was pretty good and for a meal in Vegas it wasn't badly priced.   I had the white pizza due to my addiction to garlic and I can't remember what my husband had, but I would guess two slices of the cheese.  I will admit the pizza was slightly greasy but you don't eat pizza when you are trying to be healthy.   The guys behind the counter were very friendly.  We chatted with them for a bit while we were eating.   We didn't go after clubbing so they weren't too busy, but I would call it a steady stream of people though for a tucked away location.
5	5 stars because the pizza was and is still soooo goddddamn delicious...Oh god just thinking of it makes me droool & yearn for that hot sticky ricotta cheese melting in my mouth..that Strong smell of Garlic seeping through that crappy white cardboard pizza box...oh my god I would make sweet love to you...But I'd rather just eat you up...NOM NOM NOM! The White Pie Pizza (Parmesan, Ricotta, Garlic)...you cannot go wrong with that....Yes 3 years later and STILL hands down the best pizza joint in Vegas...yes I dont care if its on the strip...in the most bougiest of hotels ever (I dont have to go on about the crowd - but the point is to go in, order the pizza and get out and back to your room and eat like thenfat girl screaming inside you to let her out)...
5	For the not so secret, Secret Pizza, 5 stars for you! Ever since discovering the magical corridor, I make Secret Pizza a Vegas trip must! I don't know what the addicting part of this place is, but I love it! Is it the pizza? Is it the 'secret'? It's probably both.. hehAnywho, me and my friends usually split the same thing every single time: A white pie with sausage. Why change something you know and love? We've also tried other pizzas but this one has remained true and steady to our hearts.A pie can cost you around $25-30 depending on what you get and if you add anything. Your choice, your money. Of course, they also sell by the slice premade but we also order a fresh one and just wait, sometimes 20-30 minutes for our pie.There's a water cooler for drinks as well as beverages for purchase. The interior is a vintage arcade meets pizza parlor and there are several pinball and video game machines for those waiting. Seating can be a bit meh, but we always just eat outside near the pool tables or on the long tables along the side by the restrooms. FYI, for those that do not know the secret yet.. 3rd floor Cosmo!
5	Authentic New York Pizza hidden in an uber modern, posh Las Vegas Hotel and Casino. Secret pizza is located on the third floor of the Cosmo. If you see a hallway with old, kitschy records (vinyl y'all) and what appears to be a pin ball machine, winner, winner chicken dinner! Follow your nose and prepare to drool. It's like the hole in the wall pizza by the slice places in NYC. There are no thrills. A pizza counter and guys making fresh dough and heating slices. A single slice is HUGE and is $4.50/$5.00 a slice. Trust me, you'll only need one.  They also sell whole pies, beer, soda, and 2 liters.My favorite is the White Pie is my favorite. Garlicky, creamy, gooey dough heaven. My second favorite is the plain cheese. How you know the pizza is good? My mama is a New Yorker. She taught me that when you pick a slice up, the bottom half is droopy and the slice can be folded in half (taco shape). Secret Pizza does alllllll of this.Pro Tip: If you don't want to brave the strip, the same delectable pizza is available on the West Side of town by Those Guys Pies.
5	After searching for this place for ten minutes, my buddies and I grew irritated. Once we finally found it, thanks to a group of drunk girls who kept yelling "pizzaaa" as they made their way to Secret, we couldn't have been more impressed. NY style pizza by the slice! So good. Keep in mind, it's in a hallway, near STK, on the 3rd floor.The fact that it's "pricey" shouldn't deter people from visiting this spot. The pizza absolutely justifies it! It's almost routine now- Go to Marquee till 2am, then end up at Secret to enjoy the delicious pizza and sober up, Lol.
5	I accidentally stumbled upon this little shop trying to find a taxi a few years back. I don't know how I ended up there, but it was the best drunk mistake I have ever made. Lmao. I honestly never thought I'd find pizza as good as the lil shop we used to go to in Manhattan, but oh man.. This place is crazy good ! This is our go to after Marquee Mondays, every Monday. Hahaha. I love how it's so hidden. Gives us a head start before the drunk non-locals start heading out of the club. I'm personally a 'no meat on my pizza' typa gal, so I stick with the amazing "White Pizza". I've heard the sausage and pepperoni pizzas are good as well. They have gran. garlic, parm, and chili shakers so you can top your slice. I love all three on mine. Yeah, I guess you can say it's a bit pricey, but sooooo worth it. Just keep in mind, if you're trying to buy 4 slices or so, it's best to just go and buy a whole pizza.
1	Over Hyped.I came here and waited in line for 30 minutes for a slice of greasy, flavorless pizza. I'm a pizza love and there is nothing bette rthsn a great slice after a night out. Honestly, I would have been happier with a slice from domino's (barf). It might have been good when it was actually "hidden" but definitely isn't up to par now that the secret is out.
4	Oh such yummy pizza after a night out on The Strip.  This location is kind of hidden but all the tips on yelp helped us find this place.  The location is small.  The White Pizza was so yummy.  The slices are pretty big. It was just so yummy.  Don't expect to have a seat anywhere as space is limited.
4	Secret?? I don't think so. I found this place immediately thanks to the great photos of the vintage records lined hallway by yelpers, and the aroma from the same hallway. The people walking out of the hallway with slices of pizza also was an easy clue too. I arrived around 9 ish and there was a small line. I ordered a white pizza and it was a bargain at $5. It's not enough for a hearty meal but good enough for a quick snack or a light meal.  Thin crust and garlicky flavor in each bite. Excellent pizza and worth the wait.There's limited counter space to eat and most people can't seem to bus their own trash. Walk out of the hall and there's sofas where you can eat at. Great late night snack place. Minus 1 star for the non smiling staff. Yes it's a busy place, and customers who don't know what they want can seem to be a pain, but don't forget that Vegas is a tourist town. You work inside a hotel... So treat your customer with a smile. It's not that hard.
5	Im from California and I've never been a fan of the thin pizzas. But after having a slice of this heavenly goodness, i am obsessed with thin pizza. It definitely isn't filling but it is a must try and quick meal to have before drinking or going out. Its big enough to enjoy but small enough to keep u from getting bloated
4	Triple "F"!! = Funny, Fast, Friendly! Delicious pizza, good for on the run. Happy we discovered this place because it is truly "secret"!!
5	Awesome"after the club" pizza place!! Cool staff, generous slices and you gotta try the white slice!! I was staying in the Cosmo and this place was recommended to me, so I have to pay it forward and tell you guys you gotta try it!! Enjoy!!
4	This place is definitely no longer a secret. Which is OK with me, because they crank out slices pretty quickly. The perfect Vegas night ends here. Expect to pay $5 for a slice and not have many words spoken to you by the cashier (they are probably so sick of listening to drunk people in the middle of the night). The pizza is REALLY good though. NY Style and freshly warmed for your order. I'd recommend the cheese and the ricotta and meatball.
3	Inside The Cosmopolitan at a 'secret' location, there are no visible signs pointing you to Secret Pizza. However, just look for a line of people that'll lead you up to a counter filled with meaty pizza pies to take away.They bake pizzas with various toppings - sausage, pepperoni, mushroom, bell peppers, etc. or just plain cheese. You can take slices or request a whole pie with your choice of toppings. You can also add toppings to an existing pre-made pizza, and they'll pop the slice back into the oven for a couple of minutes. My friends and I opted for the mushroom and pepperoni pizza, with sausage added on and warmed up in the oven. The pizza was tasty, but i think it would have tasted much better had the sausage been an original topping and cooked from the beginning. it didn't have any smokey flavor that I had hoped for.I mean, this is a decent place to grab a 'quick' bite, if you'll call it that. We waited around 15 minutes to order and then another 5 minutes to get the warmed-up slices. I've honestly had better. Or perhaps my expectations were just too high.
4	I've gone here maybe 3 times now. I love the pizza! Especially the sausage and pepperoni! The cheese pizza is also very good. I like to buy a whole pie and have it for breakfast too! It's even better the next day. A whole pie can easily feed 4-5 people. I know this because 5 dudes from New York came in and ate the whole thing! Yes, it totally reminded them of pizzerias from their home town of NYC! That says a lot! Yeah, you can have the high end stuff outside of this place, but the satisfaction will be the same and the pizza will be cheaper! You'll love it! Trust me! If they added more seating, 5 stars easy!
4	I like to consider myself an unofficial pizza aficionado and this is one of the better places my taste buds have enjoyed. The slices are quite big but that doesn't stop you from having more than just one, it's is absurd to think you can't have more, you must. Whenever I find my self near the Cosmo, I shall make another stop, Secret Pizza will no longer be a secret for others.
4	I wanted to find the best pizza in Vegas.  So, the first thing I did was go on Yelp, which is how I came across Secret Pizza at Cosmopolitan. With over 1,500 reviews and counting, I knew I had to come here. The whole idea behind Secret Pizza is that there are no signs, directions or marketing for this place..... You are on your own.  I don't even think some of the staff knows where the hell this place is!  I will admit I had to cheat and search through about 20 Yelp reviews to find the exact location. So, I will not ruin half the fun, which is actually finding this place.Once you find Secret Pizza, you walk down a long corridor, and that's when the fun begins.  Inside is rustic, casual and very New York.  The menu is very simple and straight-forward with a retro, old-school NY Pizzeria vibe, complete with 3 vintage arcade games.Slices of cheese pizza will cost you $4.50 per slice, which is actually very reasonable and cheap for Vegas.  If you want to add toppings, they will run you .50 cents extra (per topping).  Beer selection is Blue Moon or Coors Light on draft, easy enough, right? Drinks are served in plastic red cups, which is pretty cool, but made me crave a game of beer pong.I opted for a Coke, which was pretty pricy at $4.  I don't think I have ever paid $4 for a Coke in a fast-food restaurant, but hey, this is Vegas.... Why not!  After much deliberation I had a slice of Pepperoni and a slice of their Speical, which had green peppers, roasted tomaotes, mushrooms & onions. Both slices were full of cheese, flavorful, piping hot and had the crispiest of crusts.After I was done, I played a little pinball and enjoyed the rest of my time at The Cosmopolitan. Between the fun of finding Secret Pizza, the actual pizza itself and the attentive, friendly cashier, I would definitely give Secret Pizza the GURU seal of approval.
5	The BEST pizza I have ever had... and I was not drunk!   No sitting. You just wait in line and pick from the available slices. Sprinkle your own slice with parmesan if you'd like and walk out eating your pizza outside. Nice that it is open really late ( 4-5 am) . seems like a non casual crowd for the surprising casual , quick business. The patrons did not fit the restaurant. Yuppie types and high price hooker looking girls that will Probably  go back to the room and barf it up..... so if your just casual in your jeans or you dress like a freak you could be out of place on a Saturday night. Love the walls decorated with records while you wait. I think it was all Italian musicians.
5	Holy hell, can I live in here and just eat their pizza all of the time?! My man and I were visiting his family over Christmas and he took me here one of the days we got to be "tourists". I didn't even know this place existed but I am so glad he showed me. This is the best pizza I have ever had in my life, and I LOVE pizza. I actually got a slice of the white pie and one of the salads. The pizza, oh man. I don't even think I can find the right words to really describe to someone just how amazing it is. It is something you need to try for yourself and you will NOT be disappointed. I promise. The salad that they provided me with was also, nothing short of AMAZING. It just was a little salad in a plastic container, but it was so good! They had all the yummy toppings and the dressing was yummy as well. I love this place. I can't wait to be back in Vegas just so I can go back here and get my fix. My guy got the pepperoni and he loved it. He had also been here before and couldn't even really explain to me how good it was just that "it's the best pizza you'll ever have in your life".....and he was right! Can't wait to be back here. I love that this place has no name and truly lives up to the hype of being "secret pizza". It is so great and makes it that much more fun to get a slice of pie here.
3	Expect more out of this place. It is pretty secret. No signage or anything. Just a narrow hallway filled with photos. A whole pizza is $27 with one topping. Something like that. There's like four stools inside to eat at so most people were in the lounging area eating like my friends and I were. We got two whole pizzas which took 40mins. D: Hungry hippos. The counter lady seemed totally pissed off and pretty much ignored us when we asked about our pizza. It was only 8:30, no drunkies to ruin her night yet. :x Pizza was just ok to me. Not a lot of flavor in the mushroom and cheese.
2	Went here for the 1st time the other day off of a recommendation from a friend (who claimed that the pizza was amazing).  Got a slice of meat lovers and was pretty disappointed. Mostly blah, boring, greasy, and flavorless. My friend got the white slice and he agreed. The staff was mostly rude and blamed their rudeness on "the waitress called in sick today". Please... give me a break. I've had a lot of good pizza in my day and this place absolutely did not measure up to my expectations. I honestly don't know how anyone else could muster up a 5/5 review.  I most likely won't be coming back.
3	It's A-OK.  Not worth all the hype.
5	BEST PIZZA I HAVE EVER HAD. Words cannot describe it; you have to try it for yourself!I recommend it for all tourists, especially students, because it's definitely affordable and really delicious. Approximately $6.00 total for a slice may sound expensive, but would you rather be spending +$20 somewhere else for a meal in Vegas? I think not.! It's really really close to the Marquee Dayclub/Nightclub so if you were planning to go clubbing afterwards, I'd recommend getting a pizza slice so that you aren't too hungry or full.The cashier recommended me the fetuccini and meatball slice, and it was really savory. Every bite was fresh and packed with flavor, and I definitely devoured it faster than the time it took for my friends to Instagram the slice.
5	This is the best pizza I've ever had besides in New York. The ricotta cheese and sausage and pepperoni is delicious. They also have really good crust. It's hidden between blue ribbon sushi and Jaleo in a small hallway. They're also open until 5 AM!
4	Great NY style pizza. I haven't tried all the pizza places in Las Vegas, yet , but so far this place is in my top 3 pizza in Vegas. I would rate them a 5, but lack of eating space is a draw back. Still worth eating here.
5	Um, I was sober and this was the best pizza I've ever had. Don't ask me why I was sober in Vegas, because I honestly don't know why, but this pizza was delicious. I can't even imagine how amazing it would be if I was under the influence of anything. It's decently priced, considering they do hook you up with a pretty big slice and you ARE paying Vegas prices. I have no complaints. Had it twice in our 15 hours of being there :)
4	All we knew to look for was the hallway with all of the records. The "restaurant" itself is just basically a kitchen, an order counter, and a few tables to STAND at. And who cares!!!!! The owner served us our slices hot and fresh. The variety was amazing. The price was almost nonexistent. We took our slices out to the comfy and chic seating area in the atrium at The Cosmopolitan and STUFFED our FACES! So tasty. Slim but wide slices without all the dough, just the right amount of grease so I could imagine it would be ideal drunk food. They're open until some ridiculous hour like 4 am. Good thinking! I hope they're making a killing$$ I tell everyone going to Vegas they MUST try Secret Pizza!Every time we visit Vegas we research what we're going to do this time. Who wants to visit such a city and stay drunk and lose money the whole time? Secret Pizza came up in our research. Finding it at The Cosmopolitan felt like a treasure hunt, which is part if the fun!Ok. So the only reason I can't give this place 5 stars is because it leaves no room for improvement. Businesses must always improve!
4	It was a bit hard to find this place but it was worth it. It's through a tiny alley entrance designed walls of music records, located in 3rd floor (above the day club) inside the Cosmopolitan hotel. You'll see the tiny hallway entrance as soon as you go up the escalator towards on the left side in between other restaurants. Any slice of pizza is good, affordable and medium size for a slice. The cannoli is pretty good too. It's really small space inside, only enough for few people to sit so be prepared to stand while eating. We went right when it opened so it wasn't too busy. But definitely worth the pizza and cannoli.
5	This is seriously a must stop in Vegas. We come here everytime we go to Marquee. So good especially after a night of drinking. I highly recommend ordering in advance and ordering a whole pizza to share so it's fresh and hot! Their garlic powder makes the pizza even better! We typically order the mushroom and sausage pizza. But all of it is good! No matter where you're staying in Vegas this is one place you have to eat at during your stay! We look forward to visiting everytime hahaBut beware, especially after clubbing and everyone is getting hungry is when the line gets long. The last time we waited like 30 mins for our pizza. It is definitely worth the wait though.
4	Secret?  Not anymore!  Lines of people down the hallway may give it away and if that doesn't , then follow your nose.   Every visit to Vegas I'm ready for this delicious slice, served piping hot with the toppings I love!  Go!  Enjoy! Yum!!!
1	***be aware if your buying a whole pizza*** The pizza is not bad but is it worth the wait of 35 minutes for a whole one? That will be up to you
4	At the end of a walkway hall with records is some hidden pizza. This place has no signage and is located on the 3rd floor of Cosmopolitan. It's hidden... yet tons of people seem to be able to find this place and devour their pizza. Proof that if you offer something good, people will find you. I came here with my friend after watching Rose. Rabbit. Lie. I had one drink there... but it was sooo strong that it made me feel sick and I was in some dire need of some quick comfort food to ease my tummy.We looked for this place on the signs... none of which says Secret Pizza anywhere... so I looked on my trusted Yelp for clues. Like I said initially,  it's located on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan hotel. It's in a corner... but if you spot the pool tables (which are easily visible) the wall of records leading to Secret Pizza is right in front of it. The hallway is not too long... but it feels very exclusive/secret at you have to walk this hallway to get to it. Lol. The pizza place itself is very small with very few seats. My friend and I beat the crowd because we were able to get seats and have no line, well, only 2 people in front of me. After I got my pizza and came back to my friend who was saving seats... the place was packed! Even just standing it was packed!Anyways, as far as it being just one slice of pizza... the price was okay. I'm used to Costco's $2 slices haha. Here, they have pizza with the red sause (tomatoe) or white sauce. A cheese slice is $4.50, white is $5, or red with toppings is $5.50. I had a red slice with pepperoni,  sausages,  and mushrooms. The pizza was good!! Very tasty and the crust was cripsy. I loved it! A nice warm cheesy, crunchy, savory,  and tasty bite each time. The slices are pretty big... so for $5.50 it wasn't too bad! Of course I ate the whole slice and my stomach was satisfied. So glad we came here and got some pizza to counter the alcohol I was carrying in my stomach. It was the perfect counter to drinking in Vegas. Just beware that the slices are pretty greasy... so if you're worried about that, use napkins to soak up some before you eat!Service here was nothing special. Not good, not bad. Seating is bar style on 2 walls... but there's only like 5 chairs I saw? Definitely not enough for everyone to sit... the rest of your party will have to stand... ot take it out to the pool table area where there are a few couches around. Chili and permeasean cheese are out at the bar area along with napkins. They also have a pinball machine here! I'm not sure if it works as I didnt notice anyone playing it.This place is open all nigh, and late night too. So it's perfect after a night out in Vegas of drinking, dancing, partying. Its hidden.... but if all the stumbling drunk people can find it, then you can too!! 3rd floor of Cosmopolitan hotel near the pool tables... just follow the wall of records!
4	You're in Vegas. Whether it's for work or pleasure, in my case, work. You're craving something delicious, something cheap, and something filling. Pizza sounds good. Maybe it's 3:00am and you're leaving a club, and need to eat. Or, in my case, maybe it's 10:00pm and you're starving for dinner, and you just really want pizza. Whatever the case may be, take my advice. Head to the Cosmopolitan. Go to the third floor. Find all the restaurants, and the pool table. Find Secret Pizza down the secret hallway lined with music records. Eat. Be happy!I have to admit, I didn't find this place on my own, or even through Yelp. I was sitting next to a really nice guy on the plane ride in, who told me I just HAD to try the pizza here. Best pizza in Vegas, he said. Is it? I can't judge that, because it's the ONLY pizza I've had in Vegas. However, it's one of the best pizzas I've ever had. I went with the white pizza. Absolutely the most mouthwatering slice I've ever had. Gobs of ricotta, perfectly crisp/chewy crust. Sprinkled with the (I think) garlic powder they have on the counter, and a little parmesan. I was in carb heaven and it was WORTH IT. Definitely will be back next time I'm in Vegas. Which will be next month. I'm already counting down the days till my next Secret Pizza visit.
5	Best drunk food ever! Walk out of Marquee on the third floor of Cosmo and you will see a small door entry to drunk pizza heaven!If you break it down, it is a simple pizza, similar to sbarro but the alcohol in your system make it taste so much better! The prices are a bit high, but after spending all that money while in vegas, whats 12 bucks for 2 slices of pizza. or $39 for a whole pie. Be prepared for long lines, drunk people and a very small cramped inside.
4	Sorry, can't give it 5 stars because I'm from NY. That's not snobbery talking, it's just fact. NYC has the best "NYC Style" pizza.That said, I acknowledge only 4 pizzerias in the country that are worthy of the "NYC Style" moniker. Pucci's in South Beach, Miami... Cazzola's in Coral Gables, Miami, Pin Up Pizza in Las Vegas and this. It's fun just trying to find this place. You'll know what i mean when you go there. It's open That's it. No reason to eat pizza anywhere else. ESPECIALLY CHICAGO!
5	Wow, best pizza I have ever had!  Check it out one floor above the entrance to Marquee and look for the line of people and the old school records in a blink-and-you miss it hallway.   There is not even a sign for the place.  The line stays pretty long all night, but it is so worth it!I tried the Meatballs and Ricotta cheese slice.  Unbefreakinleavable. Prices are reasonable at about $4.00-$6.00 for a large slice.  Customer service was great too.  Cooks were obviously working their butts off moving the line as fast as possible, but still having a good time and joking around with guests as they waited.  When some drunk guy tried to cut in line they kicked him out right away.  So satisfying when you see people working hard and not putting up with BS like that.Will definitely be returning, if I can find the dang place.
3	Great idea...not really secret but what else is open until 5am? Earl of sandwich is too far away if you are staying at the cosmo. The line is long at 3am but by 5am you don't wait too long for your pizza. It's very expensive $4-6 a slice?...but at that point...I don't think it matters.
1	Um I'm pretty sure all the good reviews are from people who are drunk. We waited 15 minutes for two slices of cheese pizza. It was cheap for the strip at $4.50 a slice but not even worth that. It was greasy and burned. Skip it.
5	Let's keep this in context and say this is the best fast food, drunk Pizza in the world. It's not Tom Colicchio pooping gold eggs here, folks. I'm sure Grimaldi's, which is in New York and fantastic I might add, would be less than happy if I, or let's just say someone I knew, stumbled in and wished to settle my debt for the food ordered with a fistful of one dollar casino chips. Secret Pizza, on the other hand, is properly trained and equipped to deal with these "free-spirited" individuals.Here's some questions one might have, that I will in part answer with questions:1. Would I take my sons and daughters here for pizza night? Do you think it's still safe to leave your kids alone at Circus Circus with a sackful of quarters like your parents did when you were young? Do you live in Vegas? Why are your kids here?2. Should I bring Meemaw for a nice casual sit down dinner? Did Meemaw have mommy when she was 15? Is her sunrise tattoo on her lower back, now a sunset? Is she currently stumbling in her high heels after having spent the last 5 hrs inside Marquee living her missed youth?White Pizza; That's all.
2	The coke is $4 for a red plastic party cup. Enough said. I should've known though since this place was in Cosmo. The pizza was nothing special, and I felt like I could've gotten the same thing from dominos. It was soggy, greasy, and just meh flavored..
5	Sure it's busy, but that only means it's good. After a night out it's worth the stop. If Jazmin and Christo happen to be working then expect exceptional service! Quality pizza before hitting the bed always makes you feel better in the morning. ..or a few hours later. ;)
5	My favorite pizza in Vegas. It's on the strip, so it's expensive for pay-per-slice pizza, but it's great. The white slice is my favorite.
4	Pretty good for 3AM pizza. Knocked off a star because the slices were sweating off oils... (probably because we ordered all of the meats). Crust is on the thin side. Would come back when craving pizza in Vegas!
5	This pizza rocks in my opinion. I know, everyone has their own idea of good pizza and of NYC pizza and of thin-crust pizza etc... but it brings me right back to NYC everytime with the perfect ratio of crispy crust and oregano and garlic in the sauce. Its not the most convenient place when you just want a slice but I usually pick up a piece everytime I'm on the strip. Their homemade ricotta is to die for, and that's coming from someone who is not a cheese fan...
4	Okay, so I had to stop and ask someone for directions on where to find this place, and then, as I was walking down the record-lined hallway, wasn't too sure if I was in the right place.That's when I saw it - the pizza counter. About half a second later, the wonderful smell of fresh pizza hit my nose and, like a beacon, drew me in.Compared to the other places on the strip, this place is a dive. It's about as simple as you can get; pizza by the slice or pie, limited drinks (some beer) and red solo cups next to a water cooler. That's about it folks. The prices, though, aren't typical Vegas and certainly about the cheapest you'll find on the strip. I think I paid $6 for a "slice" of pizza. I say "slice" because this could easily have fed two of us (but it didn't, and I ate the entire thing!)I'll definitely be coming back to this place the next time I'm in Vegas. Just keep it quiet.. there's just standing room only at the counter to eat, and I don't want to have to wait for a spot! :)Enjoy!
4	Great  tasting pizza after a long walk along the strip! It's cheap, it's filling and it's tasty. Screw fine dining!!
4	Okay. Been there...done that. Quite possibly the greasiest pizza I've eaten since junior high cafeteria days. But it was good. If I was hankering for pizza, this would do!Smiley face
5	Wonderful pizza. I had it on four different occasions while staying at the Cosmopolitan. Really good stuff!
5	With the help of a security guard, I found the secret pizza place! Perfect for late night cravings and drunken satisfaction. I can't say how long I stood in line, but by the time I paid about 13 bucks for a slice and a solo cup coors light all was forgiven. Heaven. That is all.
5	This hidden gem is now one of my must go to places now when I'm in Vegas!   This is no name or sign to locate this place, you just have to ask around but you will just see a line of people waiting in a hallway, and now I know why and that it's worth the wait.  RICOTTA cheese, sausage, with white sauce!!!   This pizza is delish, the crust is amazing as well!   MUST TRY for everyone in Vegas!   Whole pizza $40 and the pie is ginormous, it was good for us 4 girls for 2-3meals!
5	The best pizza by the slice I've had in Vegas. Located on the third floor of Cosmo, there is no sign that says pizza, just look for the walkway across from STK that has random celeb pics framed. This is a Togo only pizza joint, so don't expect to sit around with friends and eat. I think I saw 3 chairs but I think they were only there for those that were waiting to pickup their phone orders. Ok, so the pizza was delicious. Thin slice, with thick crust, basic toppings- cheese, pepperoni, veggie, I believe they even had a pesto pizza. If your looking to pick up a whole pie, phone ahead.I ordered two slices and paid somewhere around $10, well worth it. Can't wait to go back. I love good, fresh pizza with real cheese and sauce, so this place met all expectations.
4	Not sure I would call this place a 'secret', but it sure is non-descript.  I never would have found it, or known to even look for it if not for Yelp.  It's literally a small pizza take-out counter at the end of a hallway with no signage whatsoever.The New York-style pizza was pretty good, but nothing mind-blowing.  Yet in a city where everything is overdone and getting something as simple as a cheap, fast, tasty lunch is hard to find then this place is great.  There is hardly any seating and just a small counter to stand at.They had a couple freshly baked options as we walked up, including a white pizza that my wife opted for and a special with hot peppers that looked good to me.
5	Excellent pizza. Delicious craft beer.  Take your slices to the lobby and sit and people watch outside of the pizza joint.  Take a whole pizza to go and become extremely popular. Win win.
5	My boyfriend said "this is the best pizza he's ever had in his entire life" and I agree. It really is a secret... A waiter from a previous restaurant told us about it when we mentioned we were staying at the Cosmo. I had a vegetarian salad and it was extremely fresh. The guy at the register was super friendly and super cute which only made my experience here better:) you have to ask a security guard where it is exactly....I honestly felt cool knowing about this secret:):)
3	I'm from New York, so I'm pretty judgmental about my pizza. This place does alright - if the pizza is fresh. If the pizza has been sitting out for a while the crust dries out super fast (not enough oil in the dough likely) and becomes way to hard. Basically the pizza is a 4 star slice when fresh or a two star slice when stale. Serviceable no doubt, but nothing special.
5	So greasy and delicious! Especially when it's 2am and you need drunchies. It's right outside the exit of marquee on the third floor. The white pizza is good,but way too rich to eat a whole slice. Beware of using the garlic shaker because it all pours out! So shake a little in your hand and add it on yourself.
5	It's easy to miss but anyone at the Cosmo should be able to help you locate it.  It's delicious for sure but wait can be a bit long.  It's great food, my favorite pizza joint in Vegas still.Super worth going here!  Plus it's in the Cosmo which is my favorite hotel space right now.
4	Just landed in Vegas and dead tired but you don't come to Vegas to sleep - you come to party...or eat. After the mess it took to check into our hotel, find our reservation, get to our room, etc., all we wanted to do was sleep but we were hungry and only had a limited time in Vegas to explore so we hit up this place. Secret Pizza is located on the 3rd floor of Cosmo across from the night club. Just look for all the drunk people stumbling toward this place and a narrow hallway with vintage records on the wall. Inside, this place is super tiny but the staff keeps you entertained with grand shows of spinning pizza dough etc. We were tired but fully awake after their friendly banter. Pizza isn't cheap but then again Vegas isn't exactly cheap so be prepared to pay $5 a slice. We each got the supreme with a variety of meats. Drinks are also expensive so we opted for water. Overall, there's a great selection of pizzas (and seasonings!) and you can see them being made fresh. It's open late for all your cravings.
5	Best pizza, period!! Its a hidden gem. If you are not looking for it you will walk past it. If ever at The Cosmopolitan, make sure you ask about the Pizza place. Restaurant has no name but everyone knows what you are talking about. The crust makes that pizza amazing. Ask for the deluxe slice, the white slice and a sicilian. The guys working there are all great guys. Chef Jay is the best. We will definitely be back whenever in Vegas, even if its for a couple slices.
5	So why is this place a secret? Because it's freaking hard to find late at night when you're trying to wander back to your hotel. XD.So how do you find it? Look for the rows of vinyl records on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo. Or better yet, follow the smell of cheese! The place is pretty small, no tables, 4 stools and a few pizzas that were premade. Each time I went, I ordered the white cheese pizza with pepperoni and meatball for $6! Each slice is pretty large so it should fill you up (think costco pizza). As for a whole pizza, it's about $30 plus.Overall, great pizza for cheap (for the strip). A super popular place once you're done with the club!
4	Had the thin crust meatball and sausage pizza. Delicious flavor and the crust is perfect. Big slices of meatballs with massive flavor.  Highly recommended to ask for parmesan to sprinkle on top. Solid slice for Vegas!
4	Great Pizza.  Slices are large and 5$.  The line can get absurd at night when the club (Marquee) starts to let out between 1-4am.  When I mean absurd, I mean like an hour wait to get to the register and order pre-made pizza.If you go during off hours (not lunch, dinner or after hours) you can go right up and get a slice.  This is probably the best quick pizza you can grab on the strip.Stay and play a round of pinball. ;)
4	So, this place isn't a secret.. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1dnqKGuezoYou can read the plethora of reviewsthat give a step for step to this delicious treasure."It's ok, your secret is safe with me"  Great..now everyone is staring because i'm talking to my pizza...But in all seriousness,sober or sloshedbest pizza on the Strip.
1	You guys are insane. This pizza is horrible. I came here with my group after hearing all the hype on yelp only to pay for over priced and over salted mall pizza. The service also left a bad taste in my mouth. Keep this pizza a secret.
4	great pizza, you have to stand to eat the pizza which is not a bad thing i guess. If you like to stand and eat pizza while drinking a  beverage talking to your mates this is a great place. Dont be deterred by the hoodlums you might encounter walking down the long hallway to the secret place. There is not a sign on the restaurant because its a secret! i would have guessed it was cash only...but its not.
5	Every time someone mentions to me they are going to Vegas, I tell them they have to stop at secret pizza. One of my must stops in Vegas and the white slice is amazing. I love that is reasonably priced, large slices that come on paper plates and beer in a red solo cup. If you're looking for a quick bite, this plate is great. Only a few chairs at the counter but I kinda think if you know about this place you're not too concerned with sitting.
1	Over hyped pizza place. Pricey pizza, limited toppings, nowhere really to sit, and not that tasty. Disappointed.If you want a  pizza that is fresh and super delicious then head over to MGM and eat at Project Pie. You won't regret it!
5	The existence of this place probably went something like this:John, the 20-something estranged culinary chef protege-dropout, came into the final meeting for the architect's last proposal on the hotel to borrow some cash from his father, Jeff.  Jeff was following the pitch quite well from the design firm, but was starting to drift off.The architect continued, "We can probably put a bathroom in here, but it won't be very big.  I propose that we just scrap--"An idea hit the little hipster like a flash of lightning."Dad," John interrupted.  "I want a pizza kitchen in there."Jeff: "Sorry.  But you've never owned a restaurant.  You'll fail.  There's hardly any room.  We can't afford any more signage to get people in there.""Dad," John repeated with a confidence his father had never heard before, "I want a pizza kitchen in there.  I'll run it.  It will succeed.  It needs nothing but my skill.""Oooookay, John.  If you say so."And Secret Pizza was born.--So we're sitting at a party and it's been a while since I was in the Vegas area and a friend of mine says, "Have you had Secret Pizza?"And I was instantly intrigued.  "Huh?"  An hour later, we came up an escalator and found (though no sign, rhyme, or reason pointed to it) a dimly lit hallway.To my surprise, sure enough, I am greeted with a "Welcome!" Welcome to what?  Where am I?  How did the pinball machine get here? How come the arcade machine is broken?  Are we seriously watching the Clippers?  How come I'm asking myself so many questions?And so we order a pie from the New York accented worker and 20+ minutes later I'm chewing down on the best pizza I've ever had.  I've been to New York.  I've been to Italy.  It could have been the surreal nature of the place's existence, the hype that goes with it, the excitement of finding a hidden treasure - but it was.  the best.  pizza.We sat and watched people come and go.  Their non-brand Word processed menu was simply titled "PIZZA".  Yep.  Looks right, to me.If I have any friends visiting the area, I'm sending them here.
4	Perfect munchie food especially right after a night of clubbing! We came here on a Saturday night around 1:20 am after Marquee nightclub. We don't usually leave so early from a night club but all of us had a long day, but good thing we did because we got out just in time before more people did so the line for secret pizza was not too long for us! We probably waited a good 15 minutes until we were able to order. I asked the guy over the counter what does he recommend or what's the most popular pizza that people usually order here and he said the White Pizza. So I ordered one slice and it was delicious! It was a bit pricey $5.25 for a thin slice pizza but it was pretty worth it at that time. I think it's a better deal if you order by the pie but it does take awhile for them to make that where as when you order by the slice its already made.
1	Was really excited to try here after looking at all these positive reviews. I was shocked when I walked in and found pretty much no place to sit (4/5 bar stools total) and the smallest place ever. I guess its pretty much only to go. The menu is actually very basics and hardly any choices. We ended up getting 4 slices and sitting in the Cosmo lounge area. Pizza was very mediocre. Pieces were big and flimsy and toppings fell right off. It was just not good and strictly ate it since I was hungry. Okay at best. Won't go back, not worth 30$. Had much much better.
4	Simple and a bit overpriced, but so delicious. Perfect late night snack but there will be a long wait (which isn't so great when you've been in heels all night). There is a very small counter with a few stools, but luckily we were able to find some seats near the pool table right outside the entrance.
2	Decent pizza.. Nothing particularly special that'll make you want to come back. We ordered two large pizzas and had to wait 45min which may be fine if the pizza was awesome but it was just okay. Save yourself some time & just order what's already pre-made.
4	Everybody knows about this place by now so it's not all that secret. It's one of the best late night grub spots next to getting Earl of Sandwich or a steak dinner from Ellis Island. And if you are done partying at Marquee you are most likely to end up here.The first time I had their pizza I just bought whatever slices were available and it was good. It was cheesy and salty and the oily just melted my paper plate. Exactly how I wanted it. My most recent venture to Secret Pizza we ordered 2 whole pizzas to go. The wait was almost an hour, but when we got it that pie was gone in less then 5 minutes. It is just that much better when you have it hot and fresh.It's cheap and it's open late. What more can you ask for?
5	The name is no lie.This is one of Vegas' hidden gems.. literally. Head to the 3rd floor. and look for a pool table and then follow the most innocuous hallway down until you smell a slice of heaven.. and you will smell it.Wow is all I can say.. no signs and no frills with this spot. A great selection of different kinds of pizza's greets your eyes and it's one of the more difficult choices I had to make this trip.The girlfriend and I both opted for the "White Pizza" which was a garlic loaf style crust with mozzarella cheese, feta and homemade meatballs. They have the slices made already.. and then put it through the oven for you as you order. What a novel idea (Halifax pizza shops, I am looking at you)Just delicious.. no other way to explain it. THE Best Slice I have ever had. Just moist, flavourful bites of heaven. Nearly ordered another slice or two for the plane ride home.. that damn good.Take my treasure map.. and find this golden treasure.
4	Super tasty pizza! Of all the times I've been here, it was a hit or miss with the lines. Thankfully I never had to wait too long. If I'm ever in the building I make an effort to stop by here. It's open late too! I don't think you can go wrong with any of the selection of pizzas that they have. They usually about about 3-5 different kinds to choose from. I would appreciate if more was available. I want to try everything!-1 star because they never seem to have slices of the white pizza available. Make sure to dash some red crushed peppers for a kick! Yum!
3	36.00 for a whole pizza.. the wait was about 30 mins.. did a phone order so i dont have to wait in line.. it's good but i wouldnt say i would wait for this.. the only reason i did it was because my friends wanted to eat this..
5	Believe the hypeee!! This place is soooo good.  My friends have been telling me that this place is amazing.  And usually when that happens I build up this high expectation that restaurants tend to not meet.  But this place did!!! Actually it was even better than I anticipated.  MUST GO!!  Especially if you're just leaving Marquee, it's a must :)
5	This little gem has no sign an is down a small, non-descript hallway to the right of the sushi place in the Cosmopolitan, Blue Ribbon (3rd floor east tower).They sell by the slice or for entire pies. Four of us split a pepperoni pie after watching Cirque du Soleil's "O" and drinking a fair amount. Best pizza I've had in awhile! Highly recommend you add it to your Vegas experience -- open late, when it's best.
5	Drunk food at its best! This little gem is hidden in Cosmo. Came here after a crazy night at Marquee. I was actually surprised the line wasn't longer but there was still a good amount of people. Line moves quick so no worries. Pizza slices are about $5 but really depends what you get. I tried the White Pizza and the Pepperoni and they were both amazing. My favorite one was the White Pizza. Not sure if I was just drunk and hungry or if the pizza was just THAT good.
4	Hidden in an alley between two larger restaurants in the Cosmopolitan, Secret Pizza is the ideal place for a relatively (relative to longer waits at sit-down restaurants during peak hours) quick bite. They serve up amazing custom pizzas by the slice or the entire pie. Our group came in during dinner time, so the line was pretty long, but customers walking out assured us it was worth the wait. Our group of five people ordered a custom pie, and it was more than enough to feed me and a bunch of hungry boys! We got the white pizza with five toppings, including a unique apple sausage and creamy cheese. Although the pizza is on the greasier side, it's the perfect indulgent pizza you want to find in a city like Vegas. The dough itself is pretty thin, barely enough to hold up all the cheese and toppings. I'm all about the crust, and this was one was baked to perfection with a crispy, charred outside and a doughy, chewy interior. The pizza is extremely generous in size, leaving me more than full after a slice and a half. I definitely recommend this spot to get some gourmet Vegas-worthy pizza on the go!
5	Completely and totally delicious (intoxication not necessary, haha!).  Both slices I had were a bit on the salty side (just the way I like it), and man that white pizza especially was just divine.  Quick service, friendly employees, just a really great spot.  Shout out to the girl in the elevator that told me how to get there or else I might have never found it!
4	Fun atmosphere, hidden hole-in-the-wall. Friendly employees. Pepperoni and meatball pizza was awesome.
5	On our third trip to the Cosmo we finally made time to find the "secret pizza" we had kept hearing about.  Love the premise of the "secret", because in LV there is nothing secret!  The atmosphere was perfect for the experience... The little dark hallway, into the "forbidden" space kind of feel.  It works.The pizza was just typical, good pizza for me.  Nothing truly spectacular about it... Other than some of the unusual combinations.  The service was the same... Nothing bad, just ordinary good service.I rate 5 stars because of the idea of the "secret", and that to me was a lot of fun.  And the music theme... Loved the old vinyl!  We will go back, for sure, but it isn't one of my MUST DOs on each visit to LV like The Henry, or Joyful House.
1	I guess there is a reason why this place is called Secret Pizza...because nobody wants you to find out about it since it sucks...pizza sucks, customer service sucks, the environment sucks, and finding the location sucks.My friends and I wanted pineapple in our pizza and they were extremely rude by saying they don't have fruit on their pizza. I think they should check their biology because tomatoes and peppers are a fruit!The sauce was tart, the crust tasted like cardboard and the wait was a waste of our time!
4	Shhh it's a secret. That's what all the staff members at MGM said when we asked where Secret Pizza was.The pizzas are pretty big and affordable. I think they're about $5 a slice but the slices are pretty big. They have your normal everyday toppings such as truffle cheese, pepperoni, etc. Swing by here if you're hungry and don't want to spend too much at a fancy restaurant.
2	I don't know why this always has such high reviews because the pizza sucks. Both of the times I had it, it was super dry and it's cold by the time you get to actually consume it. There is always a long line and well, yea, it just sucks.Overall - it sucks. Oh and it sucks. If you want great pizza, call the Treasure Island front desk and have them route you to their pizza place - it delivers to any hotel and it is TO DIE FOR.
5	Order a whole pizza pie and take it back to the room :) It's expensive but so is everything else on the strip.
3	I was surprised that so many good reviews for this pizza. So I went to find it, it's really hard to find it by yourself since it isn't on the list near the escalator. Better to ask the persons working there. The place is small and simple, very different from the environment. I cared about the environment of the restaurant a lot! This place is not a good place, I have to say.But the taste is good, I think. If u want to have a meal fast, it would be ur option.
5	I have to say that the pizza here is as good as I have had in LA and NY! Secret Pizza is a hidden jewel at the Cosmopolitan, and I always make sure to hit it up at least once per trip! Their homemade meatball is divine, and their crust makes the pizza!
4	After a night out clubbing, this is the perfect place to end the night! Pizza hits the spot! The line can get obnoxiously crazy but it's worth it. Favorite one is the white pizza, I die! Lol! Pepperoni was also really good. I had 4 huge slices that night, it was worth all the calories... Hahaha! The staff were super nice too! Tip for the girls: just flirt a bit with them and they'll make your order a tad bit faster! LOL! It's not too bad especially when there's a couple of cute pizza guys there... ;)
5	Great place for a good slice of pizza. Prices aren't bad either. Go at an off time to avoid the wait.
2	On my most recent trip to the Cosmopolitan (which was for a work conference) I had a free night for dinner and was totally on my own so I decided to grab some pizza and a beer for dinner. After a little wandering around I managed to find Secret Pizza's location. It was somewhat of a let down because I didn't really care for their pizza or beer selection. I guess I am not hipster enough for cheap beer in plastic cup. I don't remember exactly what the choices were but it was the mass produced watered down stuff like Bud, Miller, Coors, etc. The pizza itself was pretty greasy and tasted like most (if not all) of the ingredients had come out of a jar or can. Don't get me wrong, it probably would hit the spot after a night clubbing but for a dinner after a long work day it was a big disappointment. On top of that there is not much seating and there were some very loud children playing with the arcade games that are in there. I ended up taking my pizza and plastic cup back to my room and leaving half a slice in the mini fridge when I checked out the next day.
3	I had high expectations when I came here. I think this place is popular because it has no name and just known as secret pizza. The pizza is ok. Hardly any seating. It kind felt like I was getting pizza at the mall. The staff was friendly and it wasn't too expensive.
3	The first time I had secret pizza which was about a year ago, I thought it was amazing, the best pizza I've ever had and deserved 5 stars. The pizza crust was thin, moist, yet crispy, the cheese and sauce was also very flavorful.    However, I had them again a year later (which was week ago), and it really tasted and looked like they went a couple notches down in the ranks. The line is annoyingly long as usual after the club and around 1:30-3am, and the customers in line were mostly obnoxious, naked wasted, tired, with a sprinkle of jerks trying to hustle you a $20 slice of pizza. Prices: Cheese pizza $4.75$0.50 a topping We ordered: 1 slice Pepperoni pizza $5.251 slice Sausage and pepperoncini pizza $5.751 Coke - Served in a standard red solo cup and no refills $4Total damage: $15 (for 2 slices and a drink)As much as I love thin crust pizza, theirs was all sorts of soggy and mushy this time around. Last year, it was actually crisp and held the pizza topping well. Also, they really salt bombed the crap out of it. It was soggy doughy, and salty. Not what I would like to expect from my beloved secret pizzeria.Plus, there is never any Parmesan in those shakers on the countertops and the countertops are always greasy and filthy from previous drunk people. I never see any employees out on the floor refreshing and keeping the store front tidy. I'm reconsidering making a mission to come here next time for my after hours pizza pick me up. Well, not unless I'm already in the area.
4	The not so secret, Secret Pizza, has been in my bookmarks for a long time. Since I'm pretty sure everyone knows exactly where this place is by now, I won't go to far into it's whereabouts. But, if you do happen to have a hard time finding it, here's a little tip. There's a strange little glass elevator on the 3rd floor...look just to the left of that and you'll see the dark, but wondrous, hallway to pizza heaven. You're welcome.Inside you'll find an arcade game, a few counters to stand at while you eat, and the pizza counter itself. Yup, that's it. After you place your order, you make your way down the line and pay for it at the register. Now, I'm not sure if anyone's really paid much attention but there's well over a grand hanging up on the wall as a decoration near the register too. Maybe a slightly over the top take on the ole' first dollar made thing? I don't know, but it was fun to look at it.The pizza selection itself is decent. They have single slices in several varieties, including their infamous white pizza, as well as full pies and somewhat of a build your own option. I also saw a few deep dish slices sitting out but they were huge, and at $8 a slice, I didn't think I'd be able to finish it all. So, I opted for just a single slice of the white. With all the hype, I was actually surprised at how good this pizza was. And sure, it's $5 a slice, but they are so big it was easily justified in my eyes...and stomach. Plus the flavors are great and the crust is on point. I really dug the large clumps of ricotta with the hint of garlic, and it's not overly greasy either. Perfectly foldable, and delicious. No complaints and I'm dying to go back to try a slice with some meat added to it. One of the workers said sausage really adds to the white pie.One thing I suggest is trying to hit this place up in an off time, if possible. We missed a big rush of people just before 6pm, but as we were leaving, the line was starting to hit the hallway. With standing counter space for only about a dozen people, you might end up juggling your greasy pizza plate and your beer filled red solo cup while tourist play running back to the counter. That wouldn't be good.If you've yet to try Secret Pizza, what are you waiting for? Surely not a tip on how to find it. Just get down here already!
5	I'm usually pretty wary of places that are "hyped up" by the yelp community, cause more often than not they actually suck, but this place is actually good, surprisingly so.It's called Secret Pizza because there's no flashing lights and a million advertisements pointing to the place. Which I'm sure they think is very edgy, but I just enjoy watching idiot tourists walk around searching in desperation for a sign to show them the way. Think you're in the wrong city for that.The wait was a little long, but it was reasonable considering the high volume of shmoozies that were there. My friends and I stick to our traditional and delicious plain cheese pizza, and it was large and awesome. Not too greasy, a very generous size for a large, and the price is right.
2	I was so excited to try this pizza place after my friend told me about it because it was hidden and it had amazing yelp reviews! But I was disappointed. It was a lot of fun to find and I love the concept of the the best kept secret, but this really is not what it is.The service to start with was pretty shitty and probably discriminatory. My friend and I are in the service industry so we would never be one of those rude or extremely picky guests so I know it had nothing to do with our personalities. We witnessed guests in front of us receive friendly service from the cashier lady's good side. With us, she rolled her eyes and rushed us. I was prepared to let that go, given extremely good pizza.Annnnd the pizza was okay. It was nothing to rave about. I might be bias because I favorite NY style pizza and this was just not close at all. The crust was plain, not enough sauce or cheese and the topping was okay. It was a fun little hunt inside the Cosmo though, just wish the treasure tasted better.
2	Sub par pizza. Go here for drunk munchies only or you wont enjoy it. It is extremely pricey.  For a large pie with 3 toppings, it was roughly 30 or so. Also the pizza was dry, and if we didn't call ahead the  wait would have been extremely long. Weak pizza
4	A good pizza to me is all about the crust.  It was really pricey for a whole pizza ($36) but the crust was really good! I love that they're open late so my friends and I were able to come after the club.  We phoned in our order and took the pizza back upstairs to our room.  With the phone in order, we waited for about 30 minutes.
4	Somewhat hidden on 3rd floor hallway near Marquee. Good luck! :)
5	Love this SH!t... and the fact that tourist don't know about till they meet some locals is the best. Any time we end the night on the strip we hit up the cosmo for pizza and hot girls. There's no where to sit and a couple standing tables but its good cuz it makes you mingle.
5	Found this place on yelp, awesome! We were the only guys there, cheap pizza, cheap drinks, great music. No complaints!
5	Tricky to find, but well worth it. A good slice of New York style pizza, thin crust and greasy as all hell.It's in the east tower, third floor, near a pool table. Look for people coming out if a little hallway with pizza in their hands.
4	I'm pretty sure that the secret is out because the line was all the way down the hall and around the corner. However, I get why people are willing to wait in a line like that at 2AM. This pizza is exactly what you need in the middle of the night before passing out or rallying before hitting up another club. It is pretty pricey for one slice, but whatever, it is Vegas Strip. I will be coming here for every Vegas trip from now on because its just the kind of place that you have to hit up.
5	One of the best New York style pizzas I've ever had. This place really is a secret in that it's probably impossible to find unless you ask someone. It's down this remote corridor with no signage or anything. There was also a bit of a line, but boy the pizza was worth every minute of the wait.The slices are a decent size and the flavor is awesome. the crust is beautifully crispy. I would eat the crust by itself as a loaf of bread. That's the secret to an awesome pizza in the first place. Add to that flavorful fresh ingredients and you have a winner.Just an FYI - don't expect a restaurant type setting. There are a couple of bar stools, but basically it's a take it to go type of place. Again, the win is in the food itself. Really good.I highly recommend Secret Pizza to anyone visiting the Vegas Strip.
5	If I had 30 dollars left and I had a choice of buying a pizza pie or going to marquee, I would choose the pizza life everyday. Shoutout to the grandmas out there. This place is spot for a pricey oily slice of indulgent vegas goodness.
5	Great little hidden gem that's open when you need pizza the most. It truly is hidden without a sign, but everyone knows where it is -- just ask. Hangover cure. Late night snack.  After Marquee destination. Definitely has an old school Brooklyn style ambiance to it.
4	I think the cheese pizza was great.  Because of it's popularity, there's probably a high turnover, so they probably keep bringing in the hot pies.  As for the other pies sitting there, they don't have that hot out of the oven taste.  The pepper and pepperoncini pizza was not good at all.  Not as hot as the cheese, and the taste of the pepperoncini  kills that pizza taste.  So for the taste itself, one great slice of the cheese, and one horrible slice of the combo, and factoring the high price ($4.75 for the cheese and $6+ for the combo, it was a little disappointing.  Stick with the cheese slice, and you'll be happy.  It's pretty good, but I don't have that urge to go back.
4	A small, unadorned pizza kitchen hidden in plain sight across the elevator and down a hallway lined with album covers, Secret Pizza has some of the best pizza that I've had.  Not gourmet by any means, but just the right amount of oiliness to each slice and just the right amount of crispiness to the crust, combined with the cachet of its secretive location (even the take-out pizza boxes are plain white without any markings), all make Secret Pizza a worthwhile detour to the Cosmopolitan.  And while $4.50 per slice is generally pretty steep, it's not all that surprising considering the place is in one of the newer, luxury properties along the Las Vegas Strip.
5	It's in a "relatively" easy place to find. The wait times are usually super long. But it's the cheapest/best food you can probably find in Vegas. There's also a nice pool table outside, so if you come with friends, you can hang out for sometime.
4	The secret is out, it (sadly) seems as if everyone knows about "Secret Pizza" and the proof is in the line. It took two tries during my last visit to Vegas to get my favorite slice because both times the line was all the way down the hall. That being said, it was totally worth the wait! If you are looking for delicious, New York style pizza this is the spot. The white pizza is absolutely outstanding but I'm also a fan of the traditional cheese pizza. There aren't tables here, so be prepared to eat standing at the little bar area or take your order with you. It's great for a "quick" (depending on the line situation) lunch or late night bite!
5	This place is amazing!! Go to the 3rd floor. There's a small hallway with vinyls on the wall. Go in deep. You'll find the MOST incredible pizza!!!Get the white pizza.  It looks like there's nothing on it. Or you might look at it and think it's too much cheese.  Dont think about it, just order the damn slice. Ask for it to be toasted just a bit longer.  It'll be a slice of heaven.  Promise.Oh and the parmasean cheese in the jars on the counter? Add that. It's not the traditional cheese powder,  this one tastes fresher and isn't as dried.  Oh and that green spice jar next to the cheese jar?  Shake a bunch of it on your white pizza.  You'll die of happiness.
3	An hour wait for a whole pie? Sorry, not worth it at 3:24 a.m. *I'll up my review to 4 stars if someone gives me a free slice RIGHT NOW. Also, drunk chicks are THE WORST.
5	I don't know exactly why I like this pizza so much.  I thought maybe it was psychological, because of the pseudo-"exclusive" nature of a place called "Secret" Pizza, and maybe the retro-80's pizza joint setup, complete with checkered pattern, a Galaga arcade cabinet, and pinball machines.  So I took some pizza with me back to Cali for lunch on the next day.  Also made sure to call up SP to find out the temperature to reheat my slices (450 degrees F).  Even reheated in the toaster oven, the slices were still really great.  Just taking a wild guess that maybe they put olive oil in the dough?  The only down note I'd have to give this place is the price for a slice ($5 is on the pricey side).  It's not out of line considering the location of this place, but I guess the fair value of a slice of NY-style pizza in a casino hotel in Vegas is $5.
4	I went looking for this place after seeing the reviews on yelp.  You do have to look. Very good pizza.  Very friendly staff.  They recommended the white sauce with meatballs.  I was not disappointed.   Cool vibe with all the album covers on the wall.   I would go back.
4	Cheesy, gooey, greasy goodness!! Doesn't seem like this place is all that secret, there was a constant line going. Location is on the 3rd floor. Coming off the elevator just turn right and head through the decorated hall full of vintage Italian record art. Slices are enormous and the "pie" slices are beyond thick! I had the white pizza and it melted in my mouth so deliciously. After the marquee day pool party go fatty it up at secret pizza, you won't regret it!
3	Personally the hype is not real... Perhaps it was extremely over-hyped up, maybe it was because I 100% sober haha. Idk it wasn't worth $28.50 for a pepperoni pizza. I live in Vegas and if you live here or visit I still think Verrazano Pizza and Rocco's Pizza are the best and waaay cheaper. We got the traditional pepperoni pizza and maybe that was my mistake because I hate salami pepperoni. If I happen to ever go back, I will try one slice of the raved white pizza. The price at Secret Pizza is RIDICULOUS... but what do you expect??? Vegas + Drunk people = Strip prices
4	A little hard to find but definitely worth it. The white cheese was awesome! One of the best pizza ive had in vegas.
4	Pizza was good but the draw of this place is that it has no name, no menu, no pricing, is tucked away in a corner down a hallway, and simply serves slices of pizza on paper plates and beer or soda in solo cups. So simple. So perfect. Caters perfectly to the needs of the club goers at the cosmo looking to satisfy their late night munchies.
1	The wait was about 30 minutes for this place on a Saturday night, considering that awesome late night urge to consume pizza after copious amounts of drinking and debauchery.My friends and I waited in line, and they managed to order their pizzas. I was behind them, and the guy taking orders/making pizza looked me over and went on to the next person. I figured I'd have my order taken at the cashier, but no dice. When I got to the cashier, she asked me what I'd ordered, and when I told her nothing yet, she looked to the pizza guy. Dude had the gall to say I'd cut in line? Maybe he missed the fact that a friend of mine ahead of me handed me a water bottle as they were paying for their order. Not sure what his deal was, but my business is better spent elsewhere. Took them about an hour to make the pizzas, too- way too long for anyone impatiently waiting to get their grub on. I'm sure they'll make their money off of other customers coming back from clubs drunk.PS The pizza's mediocre, but insobriety makes everything better, doesn't it? Not worth the buck.
4	This is my go to las vegas drunk spot. I've been to this place every time I've been to Vegas since that fateful day we accidentally stumbled into the eclectic hallway with records all over the wall. Seriously, I went to this place every single night the last time I was in town. The wait is always crazy...but I always leave satisfied. If you can get the pizza with sliced meatballs, pepperoni and ricotta you are lucky. Thats my favorite. You can get it with garlic too. Its probably not worth all the time I've wasted waiting in line for a slice...but its a Las Vegas staple for me and my friends. A little on the expensive side but hey, it is on the strip. I will def be back.
5	Found this on Yelp and said, "What the heck we should give it a try." Boy, was I happy I did! The most amazing pizza in the world! The crust is thin and crispy... Pepperoni has so much flavor... A little spice in it. We asked the concierge where this place was located and they would say because it's a secret! Loved going on a hunt for this place. Overall I totally understand why this place has amazing ratings! Tip- there isn't really much space to sit down so we lounged right outside the restaurant! Thank you Yelpers for this awesome find!
4	Taste: 4Creativity/Authenticity: 3.5Atmosphere: 3.5Service: 4Bang for your buck: 3Ahh secret pizza i remember when i first stumbled into this gem drunk roaming cosmo wondering where everyone was getting this pizza. So after many failed attempts and countless run in's with people asking where i can get a hold of this pizza i found it down a long narrow hall way. Now if you have ever been to NYC this is as close as your gonna get to NYC pizza at least in Las Vegas, simple; thin crust and very flavorful! Atmosphere is normally drunk ass people wondering around outside the 3rd floor of the cosmo; this place is hidden in the back down a long narrow hallway by all the high end restaurants very hard to find unless you ask someone and even than it took me awhile. Service is fairly quick get in, get your pizza and get out but when its the end of the night 4-5am its packed so be warned !! Overall if your on the strip craving pizza late night snack this is the place to go if you can find it haha and well it reminds me of NY
3	The New York in me loves Secret Pizza. It really does. It's probably the closest I'll get to having a NY slice (that doesn't mean that their pizza is spot on though!)Why 3 stars then? Well, I went on a Tuesday at around 1:45 in the morning and stood in line for 30minutes. Not too shabby. I wouldn't say that they were extremely busy and they seemed to be well staffed too. Thing is, it was DIRTY. The parmesan, oregano, chili flakes and garlic powder was scattered all over their counter tops as if they were having a party. I don't mind dirty when you're slammed and short staffed but there was absolutely no excuse for dirtiness that night. Especially since there was an employee stuck to her phone in the corner. She didn't even TRY to crouch down so that no one could see her. Not to mention the fact that the guys there didn't seem too enthusiastic about being there. I know that I wouldn't want to be at work at that time in the morning but, come on. At least be a little pleasant? Anyway, if I didn't have to consider their employees they would've been a solid 4 and a half stars.Don't let my review scare you though. Pizza dough was crisp and the small burns that it had was still enjoyable. There was a good amount of cheese and, was perfectly melted. Pepperoni had that juicy yet still crispy feel. Their Blanca slice was OK. Nothing too special but you definitely see and taste the ricotta. I would definitely go back since the pizza's great. I just hope they step up their customer service.
4	It's good pizza.
4	My husband and I proclaimed to our friends that we were starving around midnight on a Wednesday while playing in Cosmo. So our friend tells us to go to the 3rd floor (it is the third floor, right?), walk passed the pool table, down a long hallway to get the BEST PIZZA.I must say I was intrigued and would have never found this place on my own.Pizza was good. Crisp Crust, Cooked all the way through (Hey, I live in DE, where no one can commercially cook a good pizza besides a handful of places!), cheese bubbly and alittle burned (just the way I like it!).Surprisingly a great place to eat. Simple Food. Who would have thought you could find such a thing in Vegas!
5	I am guessing this place has such high scores because it a pizza place that is great if you are drunk. Actually, it's even better when your sober. I don't think you can get a better slice anywhere west of the Mississippi. Trust me I have tried. I don't really have a favorite so try what looks good to you. I promise you will like it. Only downside is the line and wait if you to get a full pie. This rates as easily on my top 5 best pizza places I have ever tasted, if you can find it.
5	Probably one of the best pizzas I've had so far. Had the ricotta and mazzo pizza. Thin and packed with flavor. Even though it's a bit on the pricey side, it's all worth it. The wait for a whole pie was around 15 to 20 minutes. No biggie.
5	The Best pizza in Vegas. Try the white one. Also beer on tap.
5	Wow. If you know Vegas well.. You know about the secret location to this place. The name at this location isn't "secret pizza" it doesn't have a name period. It's located at the 3rd floor of the Comsopolitian hotel!! They have different flavor pizza! You can order a whole pizza and I will be ready within 30 mins after you order it. You can't make phone orders.. From what I remember! If your at the marquee day/night club.. I recommend this place!!! A++++
4	Good pizza, especially late at night.  It's not the best in town, nor in the city center (the aria pizza place is better imo) but still good enough.   Call in or get in line early, because it can sometimes be over 1/2 hr wait.
1	Love the pizza but gave it a one star for the customer service lady at the register was rude
5	Great pizza for anytime of the day. Quick tip: Get the pizza and hangout outside of the secret pizza spot, people will constantly ask you where the place is and you'll feel like a boss.
5	The concept of this place is cute. I had a hard time finding this place because the location didnt state the name of the pizza joint. It was literally a long hallway I had to walk through to realized I ended up at the "secret pizza". The pizza has a thin crust so the pizza was more on the crispier side. A slice of pizza is about $8 from what I remember ( hey it was 1 am lol). Oh... they open really late and for being in vegas... it's a hugeeee plus ! I would say this place is a novelty mainly because of it's name and the secrecy of the location.... it's on the top floor of the cosmopolitan and at the end of a long hallway... but you didn't hear that from me :x
3	Get there early, it lines up quick!This is definitely no secret anymore.  You have to be looking for it, but more people know about it these days than not.  The pizza slices are pretty fresh and a good size, however they are not out of the ordinary.  I can get this same style pizza, similar flavors, same price and quality in San Diego at over a dozen places.I would go again, as long as the line is not too long.  Its a good spot to check out for sure, however I don't know that it really lives up to the hype.  Its typical.
5	Best pizza I have had besides in Chicago or New York of course. Barely any seating , but we take it out by the billiards and sit in the cozy couches.
4	Finally found the secret pizza spot! The line gets long, especially after 3am when people are stumbling out of Marquee. The pizza is fresh and really good. I can eat 2 slices at most, and I'm a small girl. Get their white pizza or the sausage/pepperoni pizza. Grab a seat outside on the 3rd floor. There's always seats.
5	i have to come here every time i'm in Vegas because .....  white ricotta pizza.  white ricotta pizza.  white ricotta pizza.  white ricotta pizza.  white ricotta pizza.  white ricotta pizza. SOO GOOOD.if you don't have time to pick up pizza later again during your trip, order a whole! Cost/Time efficient :)
5	Two words, White. Pizza!  I strongly recommend that after your drunken fun at Marquee, you hit up this secret pizza spot.  The white pizza has three or four different types of cheeses and is smothered with roasted garlic spread.  Nothing can top this for post drinking nomz.  The only downfall is that they don't have different sizes to their pies that can be ordered.  A whole pie is 28".  Which was enough to feed three guys and still have leftovers for two others.  This is a must have when in Vegas.  Run, don't walk!
5	I. LOVE. PIZZA. This place never disappoints.  They're fast, it's cheap, and it's open until 5AM--awesome.  I've been here a few times, but I'll write about my experience last night.  My cousin and I were out on the town, having drinks, and people watching on the Strip.  At around 4:00am, the munchies started to kick in lol--I thought of this place! OMG, the line was crazy long.  Marquee had just closed, and a bunch of drunken kiddoes singing EDM songs filled the long hallway that lead to the pizza.  So my suggestion is to go there before the club closes avoid the lines, buy a fresh pie (~$28; ~$5/slice) and a cold beer, and take it to the couches outside of the restaurant and JUST. GRUB.  It's the perfect way to end (or start) a night ;)
3	While the novelty of getting a Sicilian or thin crust slice at 4:00am is great, this place is a bit pricy. The NY style (thin crust) was my favorite of the two. Food is GOOD!There is no where to sit in the small place. There is some seating out by the pool table just outside of the record album hall you go through to find this place. FYI it's on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo. I didn't see any signage for the place while walking through the casino. After all it is TOP SECRET.
3	Secret Pizza, Ratchet Pizza...Tomato, Tomahto. For a place deemed to be a secret, it sure had a ridiculous long line of sunburned drunkies with the munchies. Not surprising, being in Vegas and all, but man, that place was dirty. There were only two workers manning the fort, so I guess cleaning their oily, crumby countertops wasn't a priority.I don't know if their pizza was mouthwatering by its nature or because I just stumbled my way from Marquee Day Club. Regardless, I remember my mushroom pepperoni slice being crispy with a gooey satisfaction. Not too satisfying though, to be worth $5. I really wanted to try the white pizza that every yelper seems to rave about, but they only had three selections available: pepperoni, mushroom pepperoni, and sausage pepperoncini. It would have been a sad sad day for any herbivore.
5	I haven't had pizza in the longest time ever because my diet's pretty low carb, but in vegas it completely went out the window! Anybody that personally knows me, knows that I'm one indecisive girl when it comes to food cause I wanna eat/sample everything. We were staying at Aria and they have Five/50 pizza bar there which I wanted to try, but I also wanted Secret pizza. Luckily, my bf was sweet enough to run to both places to buy slices and bring it back to the room at Aria for us :)Normally the line is crazy packed out the door, but luckily my bf didn't have to wait long. We ended up getting the white pizza w/ sausage and mushrooms. I was surprised the pizza was still nice and warm when he got back to the room. I was a bit scared at first because all the reviews kept saying it's super oily, but this definitely was NOT the case for us! Compared to Five/50 pizza in Aria, Secret Pizza was way better!!I've had really good pizza in NY and the pizza here was a NY style big slice (big, foldable, and not too much sauce). It held up the toppings and everything nicely. The crust had the perfect crunch and texture. They were also generous w/ the toppings here especially the sausage. I mean you can see the whole sausage link on my pizza. I really liked the cheese on here too, it didn't have the stinky cheese smell. The roasted garlic spread smothered on the white pizza was sooo robust and good!! The white pizza consisted of various cheeses as well, the ricotta stood out and tasted fresh.FYI: We came here once after clubbing and got lost trying to find it. No wonder it's called secret pizza lol.-It's located at the very top floor of cosmo (3rd) where all the fancy restaurants are. Look for a hallway w/ vinyl CD records and you'll find the hidden gem!-It's more of a go in & grab a quick slice place, there aren't chairs for you to sit
2	Look up a review by Jennie M. She sings high praises for this place. I cannot say the same. I am a firm believer that one review or one bad day should be the only thing to base the value of a venue on. So to those ends and the countless positive reviews I will share my opinion without too much judgement.  Just a declaration of my experience the one day, the one time I tried it. By the time we went to find this place it was well know so there wasn't much secret but who can really keep secrets on the Internet?  The pizza was lacking flavor,  over cooked and bland.  There was little more personality than a prison lunch line and I left feeling it should have remained a secret. The experience did not live up to the hype.  Given the other reviews it might be worth giving them a second chance.
4	Yes it's expensive. You're on The Strip! Yes, they reheat the pizza. That's how you get the crispy crust. Apparently the people who wrote those reviews have never had NY style pizza before and forgot where they were...Here's the deal. Is it the best pizza you'll ever have? Depends on where you are from and if it's NY or NJ then the answer is NO! If you are from the west coast then maybe. The pizza is hot, gooey, crispy and hits the spot especially when it's late and you need some food. It's definitely not the best pizza I've ever had. The pizza is slightly too salty and one dimensional. You don't get that slight sweetness of the tomatoes in the good pizza sauce from NY/NJ. Yes it was greasy. Whatever, just use the napkin dabbing trick to remove the grease! You will not get any pizza better than this around here unless you drive to Settebello.
5	Rolling with 5 stars here because if you want pizza at 3 or 4am and stumble on THIS place, this is genius; you will be a very happy camper.  If this were on the corner in your town, probably 4 stars.Walking into this place, we half-expected the small crowd to turn with a welcoming cheer, like, "you made it into our club!"  We felt like the Coors Light ice climbers were about to pop up with 2 beers for our hidden party.  It was almost comical...but also super simple.  The counter where we order suggested the Pizza Re-heater Guy might belt out a "No pizza for you!" if we strayed from any specific club parlance.   This was like a bonus while staying at Cosmopolitan.  If we weren't staying there, I'd definitely have walked down the strip late night for a slice or two.  Or three.
4	A little pricy for a slice of pizza. This location is on the strip. $5.25 for a good size pizza is ok. They re-heat the pizza for you. Definately this place isnt easy to find. I will come back again soon.
1	Forgot my pizza order. Waiting 30+ minutes for it. Then proceeded to be chill about it. Not okay.
5	Came here for my morning hangover. Had a "ballast point" beer in my hand and the guy behind the counter recognized it! Wearing a white t shirt with a hat that said "original". Great customer service I feel bad I didn't have cash and only tipped a $1 because it wasn't until after I tipped he started talking. Also another dude with tats who serviced us and was super kind. They had the right amount of energy to deal with a hungover couple and still provided great conversation! I tried to offer him some of my beer as I just opened it but he refused... If I had a extra one in my room I would bring it down for when he is off his shift! Lol. This place really is a hole in the wall but exceeded my expectation! Props to your beer knowledge!!! Hope you make mad tips and get some hot chicks numbers!
3	Had to try because everyone talked about it. Third floor so wasn't too hard to find. Big slices for $4-5 bucks. Got the white and wasn't bad. Kind of cold but who doesn't like cold pizza. Very garlicky but tasty. Make sure you have a drink. Was lucky & not a huge line, but if you want a whole pizza order ahead of time. Not bad for a late night snack
5	Got off of the plane, found my friend (a local), claimed my luggage, and then were off to Secret Pizza for lunch!  Hidden away on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan, completely unmarked, down a long photo covered hallway, Secret Pizza is a heavenly find.  Here, you can buy full pizzas or slices.  Since we were just having lunch, my friend and I both ordered slices and a soda.  Choosing from the options on hand, I got two slices of meatball and ricotta.  They were AMAZING!  Thin, perfectly crispy crust, with ample portions of sliced meatball and ricotta blotches, and just the right amount of sauce in between.  Make your selection and the guy behind the counter cuts your slice and places it in the oven to reheat and crisp up, giving you a beautifully hot, melty slice of pizza goodness!
4	After living in Chicagoland for over 35 years, I can say this is some tasty pizza. I've been here several times after moving to Las Vegas and I can not stray away from the white pizza. Garlicky and cheesy goodness. Their pan pizza is mislabeled as Chicago deep dish. A big chunk of dough with cheese on top. At $8 a slice, it's a joke. I recommend buying two thin slices instead. Service is spotty, but what can you expect after serving hordes of drunk tourists for hours on end. A great late night snack on the Strip. Savor the flavor.
5	Good pizza. Definitely for the drunks and those with the munchies this is your place to go.  10 slices of pizza with pepperoni,  sliced sausage and mushroom for a little over $30. I love coming here.  Due expect a long line after 2AM
5	Looking for a cheap, amazing, and quick food! This is the place to be! I love this place the pizza taste like something you would get from the east coast. It was the cheapest dish I've ever eaten in Vegas, and one of the most fulfilling.I ordered the sausage pepperoncini & ricotta pizza. The crust was so amazing, and the pizza toppings were awesome! I forgot what else I ordered on the ricotta pizza, because I was to busy eating away. This place is especially perfect after your partied your butt off and need a perfect pizza to hit the spot!
3	It wasn't worth the hype.  I don't like ricotta so not a fan of the famed white pizza.   Pepperoni was just ok.
4	You'll definitely miss this if there wasn't a line coming out into the hallway. I'm craving their garlic powder. Sprinkled it all over my big slice of pizza and it made it 10x better. Always more reasonable to buy the pie rather than a slice, but we all wanted different things, so we paid a little more for a slice. It's open super late which is a huge perk for people coming out of Marquee.
5	It is not that you're super drunk & that's why their pizzas taste so dang delicious because the second time I came here I was not as intoxicated as my first visit... And I'm drooling as I type this... But OMG their white pizza is........ Out of this world. Believe the  hype!!!! And yes there are no signs directing you this place so remember it's on the third floor near the escalators. The only way we found it the first time was because a kind sir, an employee of Cosmo (a fine gentleman I might add), took our look of confusion & eagerness as the same exact look he has come too familiar with; the look of the many who have come before us- the lost, confused, anxious, & HUNGRY Secret Pizza first timers!! Lol. You must must must come and try this place if you're in Vegas because you will not be disappointed. You will want to tell everyone you know just like I have been doing ever since!
4	Ok, stop the presses. Yes, as a New Yorker, I can tell you the pizza is good (i like the meat supreme and I ask for a side topping of basil). No its not hard to find, just take the cylinder elevator in the center of the east tower to the 3rd floor and bust an immediate left down the corridor with pictures all on the wall. No its not cheap, I had my supreme slice with an orange soda for $10, pretty expensive even by New York standards for just 1 slice, but maybe not so much by Vegas standards. BUT, did you know for $4.50 they also have huge slices of mind blowingly delicious SECRET CHEESECAKE?!?!?! This is my second time staying in the cosmo, and thanks to a craving, I hunted down this delectable gem, after speaking to various workers in different restaurants in search of a cheesecake to get my fix before my flight. WOW is it yummy, perfectly chilled, savory graham cracker crust, creamy yet dense cheesecake texture, its sooooo rich. Totally not advertised. You wont even know about it if you dont read this review, or unless you happen to be scavenger hunting down a cheesecake in the cosmo like myself. Dont. Miss it. YUM.
5	Place is as good as it gets, I dont know if being drunk every single time I come helps but from what I remember this place is awesome.  Tip: Just get it by the pie, pizza is always better right out of the ovenAnother tip: Go at an odd hour to avoid the lines, this place isnt too much of a secret anymore. Enjoy!
5	Every time I go to Vegas, I definitely need to stop by this place for some really good Pizza! The hours are very good as most Pizza joints cater to late night hunger! I usually get whatever looks pleasing from the window, usually my favorite is Pepperoni and Cheese! The crust is thin, the ingredients used are good and it satisfies my pizza craving! I recommend this place to everyone!
5	Delicious thin crust pizza, and it's definitely a secret since there aren't any signs leading to it...just some random hallway and bam! you're inside Secret Pizza. But anyways, the toppings they offer are delicious. I got an all white pizza the day I came. I could probably eat their pizza all day long. GO!!! Prices are good, portions are great, and it's all quality.
5	Place is good because it is fast, good, and hits the spot. I recommend going here after the clubs to get some carbs in you! Tips: If you go after you come out of Marquee the lines can be pretty long so you may be better
5	This has got to be the most delicious pizza in Las Vegas! Wish I had visited this secret place a long time ago. Reasonably priced pizza and friendly staff.. clean as well. GO.
5	There's just something great about an unpretentious hidden pizza counter deep within the Cosmo that serves absolutely delicious, mouth-watering, crusty slices of some of the best pizza I've ever had.  One slice with a Blue Moon filled me up.I swear the guy behind the counter is related to Andy Samberg...I can't be the only one to think that.  Very nice guy who seemed to love his job or at least serving people this low-key, fantastic pizza.The place opens at 11am and stays open till 4am - probably mostly for the Marquee club crowd.  I heard lines get out the door so if you want to come to this place - if you can FIND it - come early.
5	super big sliceskinda pricey, but what isn't in vegascan almost compete with pizza from new yorkdef can compete against them when you've consumed some alcoholit's on the cosmo side closest to las vegas blvd. we walked from the vdara side...so it was along walk.
4	great place to get pizza late night. all of their pizza is very good. they're overpriced, but it's at the cosmo and you don't have to leave the strip so it's an understandable price to pay...and the lines get very very long.
4	So not such a well-kept secret, but there is no sign and it is not on the map, so it's not well known. Good slice, and for the price in Vegas, you can't beat it. I had the white pizza, which was really good for sure. We weren't drunk, but after a night of drinking I believe this would be just the place! Unpretentious, especially for Vegas...gotta love it!
5	Amazing doesn't even begin to describe this pizza!!! A group of 8 of us were hanging at the chandelier and got hungry so one of the men trekked to find us some sustenance. The sausage and pepperoni was incredible, I wish I had taken a picture to put up here. Just be sure, it's kinda pricey (it's Vegas, hello) but delicious nonetheless
1	What a disappointment. The people who gave this place good reviews must've been super drunk. The "secret" thing about it is unique. But that was the only thing kind of cool about it. We waited in a long line for mediocre pizza and subpar service. There was nowhere to sit and two pinball machines taking up half the tiny pizza shop. In the end, our deal breaker was the NO RANCH policy.
5	What's not to love? Its a great hidden NY style pizza spot. Pizza is fresh, fast and price isn't bad considering its on the strip. The guys who work there are always friendly. Love the variety of things they have for you to shake on the pizza since you get it. Highly recommend!
5	The pizza was so good I ended up going back the next day. Great price with quick and excellent service.
2	The best part of this place is the scavenger hunt to find it. The location is ridiculously obscure. The hotel doesn't even have it listed on their website. The casino is 3 floors away, and unless you're LEAVING Marquee, you wouldn't have a reason to discover this pizza place.We found a random hallway with albums all along the wall, and I knew from reading yelp that this was the place. There was a bouncer right at the mouth of the hall, and I was half expecting them to say something, but they just nodded and said, "Enjoy the pizza."Then things started going downhill. The pizza was over-priced ($5 a slice for cheese) and mediocre at best. I had even been drinking, and it was just a let-down to be honest. The pizza was not a lot of food, and the crust was flimsy and a bit over-worked to have a nice chew/mouth-feel.The toppings were typical of any hole-in-the-wall pizza place, and the slices waiting to be served harkened a less than stellar Sbarro feeling. The place looked out of place in the otherwise impeccable Cosmopolitan, and the drinks were served in red plastic solo cups. I'm not in college anymore, and I'm not at Circus Circus... please just give it to me in the bottle, or better yet an actual glass.The line wasn't too bad when we arrived. (Around 9:00pm) But apparently it gets ape-shit when the clubs start to close down. If that was the case, I'd definitely not wait in line for this. But the 10 minute line wasn't that bad.... too bad the food wasn't even worth it.In conclusion, I'd say you're better off spending your Vegas money elsewhere. It's a unique idea, with a bad product. I'd highly recommend 800 Degrees Pizza in front of the Monte Carlo for a truly amazing pizza.
4	This place was super hard to find!  I was pretty tipsy and all I remember was going through different sets of elevators and escalators, past swanky lobbies and convention rooms, and suddenly I was walking down a hallway of vinyl records filled with other drunken people.  You'll smell the place before you see it...IF you see it!Was led to Secret Pizza by Mr. W. for some late-night munchies to soak up the booze that wouldn't leave my system.  I had a hankering and Pizza was calling my name.  Heeding Siren's call, this place was suggested to me after Mr. W.'s own drunken adventures with his crew.  We ordered four slices and took it back to our room.  Eating pizza on the balcony of your Cosmopolitan suite is pretty amazingly epic when it's 4 in the morning.Maybe it was the alcohol but sinking my teeth for that first bite of cheesy meaty goodness was amazing.  New York style thin crust, some cheese drag action, and a generous helping of toppings.  I'm in Heaven.  It's not the best pizza ever or even the best slice on the Strip but it's pretty darn good and nicely priced!  At $5+ a slice, it was great.  The slices are gigantic and I only ate one slice out of the two that I ordered.  Passing out in a food and booze coma afterward resulted in the best sleep ever.  Hurray for Secret Pizza!
4	This place is a very solid pizza joint. Coming from New York, I appreciate a good solid pizza. The prices for a pie here isn't the cheapest in the world, but it's some of the cheapest you'll pay on the strip. At 26 bucks for a regular pie and 28 for a white pie, it's really a good deal. There are 10 slices to the pie, and it comfortably fed myself and 3 of my family members. 30 bucks for a dinner for 4? I dare you to find that anywhere else on the strip. What's more is we enjoyed playing ms. Pacman and their pinball machines while we waited! The lack of seating is a bummer, but we got the only 4 chairs in the place so we were fine. The white pie was really good, though next time around I think we will give the regular pie a shot with the meatball topping. It looked delicious!
4	Yummy pizza we ordered the white "pie" with mushrooms on top and it came to ~$30. But I suggest that you order it ahead of time cus the wait for a whole pizza is more than 10 minutes. But the workers are super cool, the location is awesome, ON THE 3RD FLOOR OF the cosmo towards the shops and restaurants sign and just look out for a wall full of records like a collage almost and you'll see it. Or just a bunch or ppl eating pizza you can just ask them. Hahah but the pizza is bomb. The end
4	Less than $10 for lunch in Vegas? Check.Giant slice of New York style pizza? Check.Pinball machine? Check.Humorous cashier? Check.One combo sliced pizza (sausage and pepperoni pizza, $6 - tax included): A bit greasy, but it was pretty good.Excellent place for a quick and cheap (relative to other eateries on the Strip) lunch / dinner. Good luck on finding the "Secret" Pizza. Can't find or just too lazy to locate the pizza place? Get to 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan via escalator and you should see a hallway to the left of Jaleo and to the right of Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar and Grill.
5	OMG!!!!This place is amazing! The girl who took my order was so awesome. There was some Irish dude and he was all "I already ordered right! Why is this taking so long???" And she was like "You ordered 3 pizzas! It's not Pizza Hut!" That pretty much shut him up! It was hilarious! My pizza was so good! It was hot too! The crust was super moist and flavorful. I would eat three pizzas if I could!
5	So secret and so good! Best prices for good pizza especially in Vegas. Def a must try when staying at the Cosmo
5	Great pizza. This place is a hidden gem-I have been over 6 times already-I recommend adding ricotta to your pizza. Salad was also very good. I have had a lot of pizza and this is the best one in town.
3	I would give this place 2 stars - I ordered a pepperoni slice with Italian sausage... that proved to be a mistake... although the crust was delicious and the pizza was nice and thin... I think the sausage just made the pizza too greasy and the whole thing just started breaking and falling apart making it messy and difficult to eat... in fact the first thing I noticed about my slice when they gave it to me was the huge puddle of grease in the middle... I've better pizza in Houston...My husband would give this place 4 stars - He ordered a pepperoni slice with banana peppers.  His was not as greasy as mine and his did not fall apart.  He loves pizza and he really enjoyed this place.  2 stars from me, 4 stars from my husband... average of 3 stars...
4	Actually some pretty good pizza especially the white pizza because of the ricotta cheese. It is not that of a secret place because once you get to the floor, the hall is pretty noticeable. But when you do get there, it all just looks random. Great food especially if you have been drinking!
3	Actually some of the best pizza in town.  The problem is that, unless you are already at the Cosmo, it's not worth the trouble of driving to the strip, parking, going to the third floor and waiting in line just for pizza (and there is no where to sit, only standing counters). However, if you are a hotel guest, you can order a pie by phone and just run down there to pick it up, and you'll make all the people standing in line jealous. Also good to grab a slice before the Dive-in movies.
5	The pizza was very good , I think it was one the best pizza I've had. I'm from Los Angeles and there are some good pizza places out there but this one top them all.
5	Hard to find but so worth the search.  Fantastic pizza, awesome customer service.  Only a couple bar stools so you'll eat standing or have to take it outside to sit somewhere in the casino.  The pizza is so good I don't even think about the fact I'm standing to eat it.
5	Best pizza I've ever had!  Employees were very nice!
5	Hands down best pizza in Las Vegas I'm a local and were always searching new places to eat , welcoming happy place don't miss out if you live here or if you are just visiting great pizza !!!
4	Pizzas great and it's open late. Perfect for soaking up drinks. Location is good because it's not packed right next to a bunch of other things. Plus you can walk downstairs afterwards and watch a bunch of people walk around the Cosmo all dressed up like they are fancy and important. Music album hallway is nice touch to browse while you are waiting in line.
4	We decided to check this place out and it wasn't too hard to find. We googled to figure out where it was, but honestly once you get to the floor it's on, the 3947298 people sitting around eating pizza (at 3am on a Tuesday no less!!) will let you know you are in the right place :-)The good:The Pizza was GREAT! I wanted to have the white, but the mushroom looked too good, so I got that one and really, it was perfect. It really had me wishing it was a place close to my house because it would be our new go to pizza spot for sure, if it was closer.The bad:Pricey - $5-$6 a slice is a little muchSize - Our group got 5 slices and I thought they varied in size a little too much. My sister's mushroom slice was much smaller than mine. The place is very small, not really any room to sit, but when you get out to the common area in Cosmo, there was a lot of seating all over the place. We sat at a little Foosball table.....very cool :-) Definitely a place worth visiting when you can.
1	After waiting in line for an hour, I paid $8.00 for ONE slice of pizza... Then some random guy offered to pay double to skip the line, and they let him skip my friends. THEN the cashier made fun of my friends for ordering salad
2	The pizza was very good, but customer service is not a priority. Yet, who are going to complain to? The place is a "secret".
1	Highly over rated look at reviews carefully and ask yourselves "what TIME did the following review taken place ?" and maybe you can start from there. If your young and don't have much life experience and are drunk or simply hungry and too lazy to go  else then maybe this place is for you. I travel a lot come to Vegas more than often have friends that work on the strip and I must say I'm very dissatisfied BUT hey who am iii to judge ??? I'm  a natural born critic who was born and raised in LA has lived in Chicago DC and Virginia now I'm back in Cali ask my questions I love to help
1	Highly overrated unless you are drunk individual with no life experience. Bad service and the pizza isn't as good as most people describe. Look at the people reviewing this place and when they are rating. Typically late at night after drinking the night away at Marquee since it's practically next door. Don't believe the New Pizza hype for this place cause if you have had real NY pizza IN NY then You'll understand
5	We were staying at the hotel and heard about this place. Took a bit of looking but we were rewarded at the end of the long hallway lined in old album covers. Honestly this was a great slice of pizza.  The crust stood up and did not get saturated with all the toppings.  Had a piece of pepperoni and a slice of vegetarian.  The peppers and tomatoes on the veggie slice were wonderful loaded with flavor.  If you want a cheap, fast, quality eat come here for a slice.  I will definitely go back.    Staff was friendly and quick.
5	A perfect example of why Yelp sucks the soul out of me ... if this place can't get five stars then what can? It's cool because it's impossible to find in a city that outrageously promotes itself ... and much more importantly, the slice is great.  I got a pepperoni and mushroom ... it was fresh and tasty.  Plus I hadn't had a drop to drink, and it was great.  Just imagine what it would taste like after a night of drinking!
3	Heard alot about this "Secret" Pizza place so i thought i would give it a try... $6 for your average slice of pizza. nothing special. I guess this can be great after a night at marquee.. The lines can get long here, but I'm glad there wasn't a line when we came. I would say it is not worth the wait.
4	An affordable and tasty option within The Cosmopolitan hotel. Thanks Yelp! for the recommendation!I had a slice of mushroom pizza and a beer they had on tap. $13 - not bad considering most of the bars charge that for a beverage. The mushrooms were a little salty, so adding some green pepper might help balance the flavor a bit. I enjoyed this hidden gem of a restaurant.
3	It's in Cosmopolitan doesn't mean it's fancy (kinda hidden and hard to find) Don't expect to sit and dine there, if you're lucky you might find a broken stool. lol. Their pizzas are average.. I remember saying it's good because I was sooo hungry but if to compare with Pizza Hut I think I would rather get for Pizza Hut. Don't get me wrong maybe I'm not a #1 pizza fan. Good luck!
5	Awesome place! We had a great time when we came here, it was so fun!!! Not only do they have delicious pizza but the people there were friendly! We made so many friends and had a good time with strangers. My girlfriends and I were lucky to randomly find this place. Definitely a must when coming to Vegas.
5	Don't worry you'll find it. HINT: look for the 80's arcade games! Really good NY style slices...and a steal @ around 5$/a slice-In *this place*??? WTF is everyone whining about the prices for? You're in the effin COSMO!?!?Anyway, bk 2 Pizza...simple is better..Just get 2 slices of 'White' (TIP WELL) and politely ask for a water cup. TIP WELL. If you're not a drunk silk-shirted loudmouth, u may just get access to some free h2o!These folks will be just as cool as *you* are being. Theyre bustin their arses to feed you, so please consider: best-cheap-wee-hour-NY-pizza in Vegas..inside the pricey-ass (but fly) Cosmo...What's my point? DON'T BE A DBAG! TIP WELL! Class dismissed. Now go shoot some pool..
5	The piZza here is delicious!! Came to cosmopolitan a while ago and walked around and found this pizza joint with a long line and saw the pizza but couldn't get any at the time. We came back at a more convenient time and no line, choice of slices and it was awesome! My husband got the Sicilian slice, looks like a thick slice of lasagna...he ate it all and locked his fingers clean...it was a massive slice! I had the regular pepperoni and it was yum!! I know my kids would love this pizza!! Gonna try it again next time we come and maybe get a whole pie!!
5	Vegas just wouldn't be the same for me without multiple visits to Secret Pizza! It's been a good two years since my last trip to Sin City and I'm proud to say that it's still the real deal! I took a girlfriend here with me on our first night and at 3am it was still open and still in the same spot on the 4th floor of the Cosmo. She marveled at how there's no signage, no listing, and I replied "That's why it's a SECRET! Lol" Even at 3am there's a long line but thankfully everything moves pretty quickly. True to Vegas party scene everyone in line with us was pretty much wasted and the folks behind us were obnoxiously drunk. We finally got to the front and the pizza guy chit chatted with us about what slices they were offering at that time. I honestly marvel at how nice everyone is at Secret Pizza because if I had to deal with all the tomfoolery I don't think I'd be nearly as patient. We each got two slices and a Coke to go. The prices have gone up from $3.50 to $4.75 per slice with an additional $.50 per topping. Still not so bad when you consider that you're in a very touristy area and it is 3am. Overall still a really great experience and literally a "hidden" gem on the Las Vegas Strip. We came back the next night again for Secret Pizza as we were hanging out at the bar and my girlfriend came back a third time the next night because she wanted to make sure she got another slice before we headed back home! Now THAT is some gooooood pizza folks! May you be very lucky during your trip to Vegas and may your stomach be blessed with the deliciousness of Secret Pizza!!!
5	Great pizza! Fast and inexpensive, not 2 things I've found anywhere else in the Cosmopolitan Vegas. Love that I had to be shown where it was, because it REALLY is secret. I had the sausage and pepper pizza and loved it. Also loved that a slice and a soda only cost $9!
5	If you want a nice slice, this is where to go.  We've been many times and everything has always been great. Order your slices, find a spot and do the old lean and eat.  Can't beat the convenience.  Wed night not very busy, Saturday afternoon in the middle of summer, there is a line down the hall.  But hay, that's when the people watching gets good.  Would I go back?  Absolutely!
5	Sooooo good!! Super friendly staff and Erin (Kap) was great!!! Go niners!!! Hands down the best pizza we've had in a long time. The white sauce pizza is amazing. You can't go wrong with anything you order here. Expect a little wait though. It may be a "secret", but it's still POPULAR!!! A+++
5	What a great place if you have the time to wait it well worth it. Top 10 pizza places I have ate anywhere. A hole pie takes about 30 min so get a pice of siclan!!!!!!
4	Good-tasting, good-sized pizza. Perfect late night munchies! It's easy to miss, though. Look for the pool table on the 3rd floor close to a gallery with some nice wood furniture around it.. It's right down the hall.The pizza was delicious! And not just because I was drunk:)
5	What a great spot! Hard to find. The slice I had was fantastic. There's essentially no seating and the restaurant is amazingly tiny. Not cheap but that's Vegas
5	Awesome pizza joint. If you're going to get 3 or more slice just buy a whole pizza. Cheap large & tasty food for vegas prices. I will come again. Maybe tomorrow morning and the next lol
5	Always so amazing. We always, ALWAYS stop by when we are in Vegas. The last time we came to vegas was mostly to come to here. It is that good. Be sure to try the white pizza and also the mushroom. Both so so good.Don;t miss this place if you are in Vegas. Please, oh the humanity!
5	In a town where things stay a secret, it was nice to find something worth sharing. I'm that snobby NYer. I judge every slice of pizza that isn't up to the NY standard.Can you imagine the elation when I not only discovered this "secret"...shhh! But, pizza outside NY that is so good it tamed my snob.Look for the long hallway strewn with vintage pictures and faint peek-a-boo of a pinball machine. Those context clues will lead you the best pizza Vegas has to offer.All I ask is you get the Sicilian slice and don't use knives or forks please!
3	At 4am in the morning, anything tastes good to me.  However, I also did get the chance to try the pizza in my more sober moments, so you can trust my tastebuds.  Tucked between Blue Ribbon Sushi and Jaleo is this retro looking pizza joint that is opened 24 hours (I believe).  They have the standards, cheese and pepperoni, and deliciously greasy sicilian pizza.  A slice and a drink will cost you around $6, so it's definitely a steal.  Of course there are amazing restaurants at the Cosmopolitan and right outside the hotel doors.  But when it's super late and you just want a quick and yummy bite before heading to your hotel room, Secret Pizza definitely comes in handy!
4	Secret Pizza. Let's face it, it's not really so secret anymore. Perhaps Slightly Hidden Pizza, or No Signage Pizza - that last one begs to be said while touching your thumb and forefinger together and shaking them as you say the name in your best Italian accent.Other names come to mind: 1) Tasty Pizza. Full of garlic and cheese, this name is far more apt than "Secret".2) Food and Drinks for Two for $19.50 Pizza. A big mouthful for sure, but so are their slices.3) Opens at 11am Pizza. It's pretty popular with the late night crowd, but at 11am we had the whole joint to ourselves. I'm guessing all the 3am pizza eaters are still sleeping at this hour.4) Near a Pool Table Pizza. There is a pool table out front. Nobody kicked us out, or charged us a penny for shooting a game of pool while we waited for Secret Pizza to open, so we shot a game of pool on the most entertaining landmark you will see on your way to the best pizza on the strip.5) 4.5 Star Pizza. I'm really stingy with my 5th star. If it wasn't for a Pizza I had in New York this would be a 5, but once you've had the best, all other pizzas just try to mimic them. Still, I'm teetering on the 5th star. I will definitely come back - this is research worth doing!
4	3rd Floor by STK.Come here.Chill outside and play pool or check out the rad art exhibit thing.Or stay inside and enjoy the rad arcade games, TV and awesomeeee dudes that work here.Bomb pizza.Large slices.Just get a whole pizza and split with friends. Worth the wait. Better deal price wise.Oh, and did I say it yet? The dudes that work here are awesome.
4	So yummy! Pricey for just a slice of pizza, but well with it. RICOTTA AND TOMATOES was delicious! Slices are small so I'd suggest just making this a pit spot.
3	Meh. It was good, don't get me wrong. And there was a novelty to it. But they were out of white pizza, we had to wait probably 45 minutes total. Ok, it's decent and different pizza. Got the white slice with sausage and it was SO greasy I was embarrassed as I washed my hands next to someone in the restroom and grease and cheese and herbs were filling the basin. It's ok for the novelty of saying you ate at "secret pizza," and it's an ok deal, especially for the strip. But still, just meh. Also, the sticker that said "people love us on Yelp!" kind of ruined the "secret"... ;)
4	I'm sure everyone and their mama's has been to Secret Pizza ESPECIALLY if you've stayed at the Cosmo. IF you haven't, GET ON THE BANDWAGON NOW!! THIS PIZZA is so good late at night, after the day club, as a snack, as a dinner. HELL, ITS JUST DAYM GOOD! This is the one place I always make a pit stop to While I'm in Vegas. CHEESY, OILY, DECADENT, JUICY. You'll feel like you are in pizza's heaven for that one minute while you are devouring the pizza. TIP: If you've never tried peppercinis as a topping, TRY IT NOW. Tastes soooo much better roasted.
2	I'm not sure why this place gets so many good reviews because they're pizzas are just Meh... Its just overly hyped up because its the "secret" pizza joint at the Cosmo and everyone gets so excited over it because now they get to go treasure hunting. But in the end you find out its not really a "secret" due to the long freakishly slow line and the pizzas don't taste like something I would treasure. I've had it three times already in three different occasions because we were staying at the Cosmo and it was late and we were hungry and I was not about to be on hold for 40 mins to order room service (I don't want to get into that cause that deserves whole another review all on its own). On all three occasions I was hungry and pretty inebriated and not once did I think it was best pizza I've ever tasted in my life. Cause everything taste pretty good when your drunk right? Not really... I just ate it and thought to myself "Okay, I'm hungry, and this will do". Just for the hell of it I will give it an extra star instead of one for being there for me when I needed to satisfy my late night hunger. But really guys and dolls, I promise it wont be the most exquisite pizza you've ever had. The end.
5	I don't give 5 stars often. I am from California and it's hard to find a good pizza. I'm gonna go ahead and say it, This is the best pizza i've ever had in my life. Crust was perfect. Sausage and pepperoni were fresh. I cannot  compare it to New York or Chicago pizza because i've never been there. But if you are in Vegas, this is a must have. Pizza was a little greasy, but if you're complaining about grease you shouldn't be eating pizza anyway. Cant wait to go back!
4	With social media's help and Yelp around, nothing that happens in Vegas will stay in Vegas. Which was good for me because I found a few hidden gems during our most recent trip including the Secret Kitchen.I think this place was dubbed "secret" by some poor drunken soul who got lost finding it, or lost finding his way back to the elevators. It's located past the large conference rooms on the 3rd floor, and you will know you're almost there because, out of nowhere, you will start to see people heading back to the elevators. It took us about 10-15 minutes to order and I was grateful that this $5 slice did not disappoint. Thin but crunchy crust with super satisfying toppings (I'm not sure if it was due to late night hunger or too much to drink or both, but I inhaled my slice within minutes). Love the sausage, salami and pepperoni. I also liked that they offered oregano/garlic powder/parmesan/chili flakes at the counter, which reminded me of the pizza places in NYC. We ate here twice during our Vegas stay and our experience was consistently the same: long line, good pizza, barefoot women.
5	Definitely a cool place to visit and eat. I usually, actually...always come here when when Im inebriated and too lazy to take a taxi to further location. This place is perfect for those who are staying at the cosmopolitan and perfect for those weakling laggers who cant handle their booze anymore. Why? Because its secretly and conveniently located at the upper floors of the Cosmopolitan by STK and Scarpetta. I recommend the Scillian Slize. This thick crusted bad boy is packed full of flavor and gives it that rustic taste from the oven. In my book, whatever looks more ooey and gooey with cheese is always a winner for me!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
5	Went back and tried the white slice. I am pretty sure it was crushed up angels, unicorns, and full on magic in my mouth.....so freaking good!!I no longer care that this pizza is $5-$6 a slice..it's worth it!
5	This place is great if you have been out all night and want some "drunk food". On weekends roughly 11pm this place gets packed. Expect to wait at least 45-60 minutes  to get a slice. If you want to order a whole pizza I would recommend calling ahead(if they even pick up), it's about an hour wait if you call in. If you are in line waiting for a slice but decide to get a whole pizza instead, its about 20-30 minutes for a whole pizza, depending how busy it is.  It can be a little pricey, but it's Vegas, almost everything is overpriced. If you don't mind dishing out $5 a slice, or $6 with a drink, you should definitely make your way over here. I would recommend getting the white pizza.
4	+That box wine comes with a HEAVY pour.+Delicious pizza. Lots of varieties. -"Secret" aspect is silly and makes it tough to find after you may or may not be intoxicated.+"Secret" aspect may actually keep the typically long line a little bit shorter than it'd be if there was signage. +Friendly service.
2	this is a great case of reviews inflated by alcohol.  the late night crowd that lines up for pizza is incredibly annoying and not a bit discriminating.
3	Cosmopolitan second floor down hallway with pictures of records. Unlabeled. Two man staff. Came here for a dinner or day cap meal after drinking and enjoying the town. Line was quick to come go and order. Simple enough menu one or multiple topping pizzas. Calzone and a Sicilian pizza were also available. Most basic pizza ready. Custom or added topping only a few minutes for slice. All slices had to be reheated for variety of toppings on hand. Irregardless of pizza order, all slices reheated. Still good not great and not so heavy. Priced like the other small pizza places around. We ordered and shared a Sicilian deep dish enough for two persons. Pepperoni, sausage, olive among deep stack of melted cheese. Good flavor. Reheated correctly and good on a budget. Overall enjoyed the quick grub. Great on budget. Okay on flavor. Hearty are the slices. Would likely come back. Only three stars as the slice is already made and reheated. Not as fresh as can be and service was okay. Nothing too stellar.
4	The pizza was well worth the wait. I highly recommend trying a pizza already created by the pizzaologists. There's always people in line and that's understandable because the kitchen is so small and there are only 4 workers. When I went everyone was working really hard except for the two managers just shooting the breeze with one another. Basically they were taking up room and air.I would say call in the order but we tried calling in our order and the phone kept ringing and ringing. Going in person though is much better. While you're waiting in line u can strike up random conversations with people all standing in line for the same thing...PIZZA!!!!! Or check out the million of pictures they have along the walls as u wait:)
5	Loved the food...no need to be drunk to eat it! Went on a non-busy day and received great service.
4	Trying to find Secret Pizza my first time was hard.  I was about 3 pm and we were just wondering around the third floor of the Cosmo and had to keep asking around where it was. We had passed by this obscure corridor a few times and had no idea that was the entrance to Secret Pizza.  Well I guess that's the secret.  Try finding this place at about 2 am is a lot easier, there are tons of post night clubbers, or other late night eaters trying to get their grub on.  You'll most likely see a line into the hall or at least bunches of people scarfing down pizza near the entrance.As for the the pizza,  it's not like there are crazy weird toppings or anything.  It's just a plain and simple good pizza.  They are constantly baking them so they are coming out hot a fresh.  They are just under $5 a slice, which may seem like a lot, but they are large like Sbarro, but wayyyy better.  Keep in mind you are on the strip trying to get food.  They also sell beer on tap and soda too!  I love the white pizza, but I usually select whatever just came out of the oven, and haven't been disappointed yet.  Overall, it is something to experience once.  You feel like you a part of a secret club, secret pizza club that is.  I can almost guarantee that after trying it once you'll be back again.
4	Great place, worth searching. Don't expect the best pizza of your life. Expect amusement, great quality of pizza to go, but, unfortunately, inequal ratio price / quality die to the position and guerilla marketing around it.
4	Seems like every time I go to Vegas I end up at Secret Pizza. It could be months, even years, between Vegas trips and yet Secret Pizza is that go-to joint when you need great tasting grub that is cheap and will fill you up. Its especially the place to go late at night. First-timers in Vegas will ask you where you got that huge pizza slice. Its a nondescript shop with no signage so for anyone wanting to find this place you pretty much just take the Cosmopolitan escalator all the way to the top floor, spot the narrow entranceway where people are walking out with boxes of pizza.If you go before people are let out the clubs, its a brisk stroll up to the front of the line and the pizza comes out as soon as you put in your order. The combo deluxe slice is my favorite ($6.00) but I had the Veggie too and it was not bad. Seems like all their pie slices hit the spot. Plus, its always comforting to see the same dude in the New Era baseball cap working here every time I come. Not really a secret anymore but still churning out great pizza. This place is awesome.Except that one time Joe Thornton from the San Jose Sharks was a douchebag and tried to cut everyone. Thats a story for another time...Tip: There's a nice spot with couches around a pool table where you can enjoy your pizza away from the cramped close quarters of this narrow pizza joint.
5	omgggg this place is my fave!!!!so bomb after a club! $5 slice, so worth the wait!!my mouth is watering just thinking about it!!!it's pretty greasy though. this is the perfect place to go to for drunk munchies!!!must try!! :)
5	Although it's pretty much an open secret at this point, do not visit the cosmopolitan late at night without visiting secret pizza. It's greasy, delicious, and very satisfying. Just follow the drunk people up the escalator and look for the long hallway (and line).I happen to adore the white pizza and anything with mushrooms, but honestly  all the flavors look awesome. Yes, the prices are higher than the flyover state you might call home, but you will likely be tipsy and exhausted by the time you make it over so you won't mind.The very worst thing about this place is standing in line and watching what feels like an endless number of people walk past you with yummy slices. It will take a while if you are in the post club crowd. Don't expect a whole pizza either on a busy night- you could be looking at an hour wait or more (after you wait 30+ minutes in line).
4	I love that this place is hard to find! You have to go to the third floor, where all the restaurants are. Look around and find a long alleyway/corridor that is lined with framed pictures. This is your tunnel to a pizza haven. I had to ask someone where exactly it was when I saw her sitting by the pool table with a large, delicious looking pizza (as a tip, this is where you can sit when the pizza joint is filled with customers). Thankfully, I came in the afternoon so there was no line to wait in. As it was my first time, I decided to ask the workers for recommendations. We ended up getting a white pizza with mushroom and sausage, and a traditional red pizza with sausage. Both were delicious and satisfying - sometimes you just need a good slice of pizza as a break from all the rich, fine-dining type of food in Vegas. At first, I thought just one slice wouldn't be enough. But wash it down with an ice cold beer and you have yourself a meal. Prices were decent, $4 - 5 a slice depending on the amount of toppings you add. They have beer on draft too, which made the whole experience remind me of my undergraduate days. Overall, an excellent pizza joint for your afternoon, evening, and post-club munchie needs.
3	Great crust, but pretty greasy and on the expensive side.  Just a few stools for seating. Kind of cool location and atmosphere.
4	Thanks to Yelp for suggesting this pizza spot in Las Vegas. As others have said it is a little hard to find, but worth it. Very flavorful thin pizza for a decent price.  The spot is located on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel/Casino. It is to the right of the Japanese restaurant and has no signs. Best to order well in advance if you want carry out. The line for walk in guests could take a while.
4	I've never paid more than $1.50 for what I considered to be delicious pepperoni pizza (which is at costco) but Secret Pizza was recommendation from a friend for a quick lunch since I didn't want to eat fast food. This place does live up to its name since I had to ask two Cosmo employees to point me to the direction of this place; no signs or the name is not on the directory. The place is small and there is counter space for people to quickly eat their pizza but if you want to have conversation I would recommended just heading out right outside where there are couches and pool table to eat and enjoy your meal.Now onto the food, I first ordered the sausage and pepperoni and within the first bite I was hooked! What makes this great pizza is their crust, it has just right amount of texture between doughy and crunchy. Because of this I've been back 3 times within my 3-day in Vegas needless to say I'll be back!
3	Secret Pizza was one of the places we were looking forward to on our last trip because many people talk about it, and the reviews are awesome. It's located on the third floor of the Cosmo with other restaurants (I think it's the level with a pool table on it), down the hallway with all the pictures.There was no line and we were able to get our pizza right away. Each slice is preheated, and one of the disappointing things is that both of our slices were overly salty.  The slices were good, but no where near the hype. And not anywhere near the quality of an authentic slice from NY.  I think the slices were $5-7 each, and beer was $7-8.The service was OK and there is virtually no seating. The atmosphere is nice (arcade games, bar top seating, etc). But the pizza was just OK. We found the slice at Flour and Barley (at the Linq) was much better.
4	Yo this place is literally a secret: no signs, no logo anywhere and hidden in some random hallway I would have never known of if it weren't for yelp and countless hotel employees and strangers guiding me. It's on the 3rd floor right by the glass elevators. I did not realize it wasn't an actual restaurant which was so strange... But there's several seating areas nearby. We ordered a whole pizza which is enormous beyond belief. Pepperoni and sausage pizza was 31 tax included. Hands down THE best pizza I've ever had. Like, comparable to NY PIZZA GUYSit was major salty though so if you're sensitive to that don't get either meat on your pizza lolOverall it was a peculiar and delicious experience. We thought we would share our plentiful leftovers with some homeless people too
4	NOTHING HITS THE SPOT BETTER THAN A SLICE OF SECRET PIZZA AFTER MARQUEE!!The line may be long, and there may be shoe-less girls everywhere, but trust me, it is worth the wait. I think one thing for me is that this place reminds me of DC, when a night drinking in Adams Morgan always ends with a slice of Jumbo Slice Pizza. $5 dollar per slice is way more expensive than your normal Costco slice but there ain't nothing better after a night of fun. Plus, we already sweated and danced all the calories off at the club anyway. Why not indulge?
5	The definition of secret. It is hidden far down a random corridor in the Cosmopolitan and completely unmarked, so I can see how it is so easy to miss. What is the best way to find it? Track down the nearest person with a huge pizza box and ask them to direct you to the secret pizza parlor they just picked it up at. Trust me, it works wonders!The full pies are expensive, but definitely more economical than paying per slice. Also, when you are craving that chewy, gooey goodness at 3AM and all the pizza delivery boys have been asleep since 2AM, paying close to $30 for a pie is definitely worth every penny.It may be a bit of a wait (20-30 minutes) if you are custom ordering a pizza, but when you are stumbling back to your hotel room with that piping-hot fresh-out-of-the-oven pizza in your hands and everyone else is staring at you in jealousy, you won't even be mad.  The retro decor is tacky, but we're just there for the pizza right?
3	There is a long hallway to get in so it is definitely pretty secret. There is not much seating inside, about 6 seats. You have to wait for your pizza, atleast 20 minutes so I would call ahead. The pizza was alright, I honestly like Slices in Dublin, CA so much more. If I were in Las Vegas again I would not come by here but it was a nice expierence.
5	Thank you Secret Pizza for saving so many club goers lives.  After drinking and dancing the night away, one needs greasy pizza to save themselves from making bad choices.  After clubbing at Marquee, there is a super long line, just be patient, you'll make it to the front.  My pizza slice was very good, ate it like I haven't eaten before.What I like about this specific place, was the hallway of album covers.  Made the time pass by looking at them.  Great conversational pieces.
4	For a lactose-intolerant person to enjoy pizza... enough to suffer?!! That should tell you something about this place!Their sausage ricotta cheese pizza was SO GOOD! Late night eating after Marquee. Line's kind of ridiculous but goes by fast.Thin crust.
4	Location: 2nd FL of the Cosmo right next to China Poblano. Walk straight off the escalator, down the hallway of old school records.Love how they're open so late! We came here straight from our flight because we hadn't had dinner and it was a place that we wanted to try that was still open at 1:30AM on a Thurs. There's only about four stools inside so it's a take-out type of place. There are long couches outside by the elevators as well if you're lucky to grab a seat. Greasy food with yummy thin crispy crusts. They have pies on the counter and underneath as well, so if you wanted something that's not on top, just ask! I got here when there was a line nearly to the entrance of the hallway. After I got my slice, the line was gone! So timing's everything here. When I finally got my slices, I was so hungry that I forgot to pat down the slice with a napkin to take off the tons of extra oil. Oh well.. vacation! :DMy order:Slice of White PieSlice of Pepperoni & MushroomI'm fairly partial to red sauces, so I enjoyed the simple pepperoni & mushroom more. Both were really good though.Note: If you're ordering a whole pizza, I highly suggest calling in because it'll take about 20min.
3	Hmm. I don't know if it's my taste buds... (& no, I have not been drinking - hubs thinks it's my taste buds) or what but this isn't as great as I expected it to be. We ordered a whole pepperoni $28.50. We were there at 6ish on a Tuesday. No line. The service was cool - not sure what the name of the super chill guy was who took our order or the gentleman who made our pizza but they were awesome. Mr. Order Taker looked at Mr. Pizza Maker and said "What, 20 min?" cook shook his head "Nah, 15!" Sweet! & sure enough 15 min later we had our pizza. They'll do 1/2 orders too - half white half what have you. Flavor: The Pepperoni used was SALTY and gave me this bitter after taste. It's weird.. It has a great flavor but the salty was too much. Or was it the cheese?  Can't taste the sauce. It's almost only there to keep the pizza from getting dry. I'm a big sauce person so this was a downer. Maybe next time we'll try to get extra sauce. Crust was good and.. Er.. Crusty. I love crust. I love carbs. So, overall... Eh. Buuuuut... I wasn't drunk. Maybe that's where I messed up? Hahaha. And I mean, like I said "next time" so, I'll come back & I'll try the white sauce. I give it a Three, my Hubs gives it a 4 - but he can get his own Yelp account =P
4	Delicious pizza can be found here if you can locate the place! I had the white, and a slice of regular cheese, and they were both fantastic! A bit hefty price-wise, which is the only reason I'm not marking it 5 stars, but still, some damn good pizza.
4	I am glad someone let me in on this secret. You have to go to the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan by the elevator. It's a little restaurant/pizza joint down a hall.  You see all these record covers on the wall leading into the place. So you get there and there are funny men behind the counter making pies and joking. It just puts you Ina relaxed mood and gets you ready for a slice. I am a pizza purest at hurt. Meaning I judge a pizza place by a simple cheese slice. If that is executed well it's a good sign of what's to come. So I ordered cheese and pepperoni.  Did I need two slices? NOPE... I am miss piggy so I had to get them. The cheese pizza was right up my alley. The thin crust with a decent amount of cheese and sauce ratio. You take your slice and sit on one of three few stools they have or you stand. Still you don't mind because that big slice of pizza is smiling at you. You have to smile back. Another spot that will be a Vegas staple to visit.
5	sooo good! We got there at 3 am something the line was so long. About 30 mins in we are getting antsy and saying maybe we should leave is it really worth waiting this long? It better be worth it! Next thing we know people start walking by with whole pies opening their boxes wafting the smell in to our faces saying oh yeah it's worth the wait. I think maybe an hour later or longer even, we finally got our pizza. We were starving at this point and ordered a whole pie. Half white and half pep and olive. We walk back down the hallway and everyone is cat calling our pizza. I felt a little guilty because I knew how long those people have to wait but not guilty enough I just kept it walking with my pizza ;) the white pizza is amazing!! I honestly never cared for ricotta but I don't know if it was the alcohol it just tasted amazing the dough is perfect. I was worried because some friends had it their 1st night here and said it was too greasy. I did not have that problem at all or maybe I can handle the grease a little more. The white pizza was absolute perfection.
4	So I was referred to this so called "Hidden" or "Secret" pizza place in the Cosmo.  I will say that I actually enjoyed the pizza here.  However, the lines are slow and the workers are inefficient.  There are like 2 people working hard while 3-4 workers stand around and talk story.Anyway we got the NY Style slice with Meatball and Pepperoni.  It had a nice flavor.  The tomato sauce wasn't overpowering.  It has a nice taste.  And the meatball and pepperoni worked well with the sauce, cheese, and crust.We also had the Detroit Style Square slice with cheese and tomato sauce.  The crust was nice and also had good flavor.Overall this is a really good place to get pizza.  But at the end of the day pizza is just pizza, it's just some toppings on a piece of bread.  I don't really get too excited over it.  But it's pretty good nonetheless....
5	It was almost $100 for 2 pizzas but it was absolutely awesome!  Absolutely worth the wait (and be ready to stand in line).  No place to eat there (some couches outside in an open area of the Cosmo).This is so worth it!
5	My fave pizza spot in Vegas. It is bomb  when I'm hammered.
4	Awesome pizza, just like home, especially the Sicilian.  Lots of toppings, and the dough was a good 2 inches thick. Well worth the wait.
4	Good, greasy pizza to absorb some booze from your system.
4	The hubby and I both love this place. We've taken many friends and family here when they've come from out of town and everyone loves it. The pizza is great but i think they also dig the novelty of it being a "secret" place.The white pizza is my favorite (is that what it's called?). My only complaint and the reason for not giving it 5 stars is because it doesn't taste too good cold or reheated the next day. I mean, who doesn't love cold pizza for breakfast?!? With this pizza its hot out if the oven or not at all for me.
4	First night back in Vegas and this was the spot to hit up! I didn't get to come here the past few times, so this time it was a must! We had the white pizza by the pie and it was absolutely DELICIOUS! It was a little more expensive than your conventional pizza but the taste was well worth it!
4	I have never worked so hard for a slice of pizza in my whole life!! Without a sign anywhere to be found, anyone could have simply just walked past this pizza goldmine! It was so hard to find that my group and I had to help direct a couple of customers in the right direction because they too were puzzled and lost as to where it was located! Food: During my visit here I got the sicilian pizza and I must say this may have just been the best pizza I have ever had! I am not exaggerating it was just that good! The crust was doughy yet crispy and they didn't cheap out on the toppings either! My slice in particular came with cheese, tomatoes and some deli meats on it! The portion is also huge so you definitely get your money's worth. Service: I came her after Marquee dayclub and there was already a pretty long line that formed when we arrived. This is why there is a one star deduction for the review. I think in total it took about 30 mins or more to get my one slice of pizza. I hope that they find a more efficient way to get people in and out faster in the future! Another con is the fact that there is no seating, if possible can you guys furnish the place with some tables and chairs so we can eat in peace! If you need a place to sit then go down the hallway, there you will find some comfortable one seaters! In the end, a majority of us had to just plop down on the floor because there were not enough chairs to go around.   All in all, love the pizza but hate the slow service and lack of seating !
5	Loved this place!! I went two nights in a row after the club. Pizza is great but the only drag was the wait. And it's on the 3rd floor on the opposite site of the pool tables btw ;)
5	It's really a secret. It may be the best kept secret in the Cosmopolitan.  Find an unmarked hallway and take it. At the end are a couple if young, very friendly New Yorkers serving pizza by the slice for under $5. But the price is really inconsequential. The pizza is terrific--crust is chewy and crisp and the toppings are great. And the slices are huge!  This is such a fun delicious place to find among all the amazing upscale restaurants in the Cosmopolitan.
5	Labor Day Weekend. Driving into Vegas 1:30 am and general consensus was that we were all mother lovingly hungry! Way too late and way too lazy for nightclubs so this seemed like the best decision. Couple friends from Norcal haven't had the chance to try it and assured them we were definitely gettin' it in!!! Was late into the wee hours of the night but man the line was damn knarly! First time I went it was in the afternoon and there was definitely nothing like it was at that moment. Line was wayyyy out the hallway (which where the name Secret Pizza name empasizes) into the hotel walkway. Even with such a long line, wait didn't seem so terribly long... That always seems to be the case though when you're surrounded by good company and drunk people! There were six of us and at $5.25 per slice, we opted for buying a whole pie instead ($28). It was and extra 20-30 minute wait but price wise would say it's definitely worth it. We went with the White pie and you can't go wrong with a crowd favorite! Came out piping hot! But I'm sure it always does since it's always does since it's always so busy... Something about an entire pie dedicated to you that makes it taste THAT much better.That white sauce instead of a traditional red sauce was amazinggg. That light and airy ricotta cheese crumbling all in my maofz... So good. Slices were very large and we were still left with 2 extra slices which I had very little hesitation taking since the girls didn't want to eat much since day club the next day! (Score for the dudes! haha) We ended up coming back the next day and was just as good even though we were no where near as sober! Highlight goes too the awesome soundtrack going on that night! Singing Phil Collins rendition of " You Can't Hurry Love" with a hallway of strangers was the best feeling everrrrrrr! Great spot to make as part of the Vegas experience!... Or to get some really good pizza :)!
4	A must try! Pizza by the slice and they serve my favorite.... cannolis! As you come up the third floor escalators of the Cosmopolitan, this great pizza place is located just a lil to the left just down the hallway of vintage records... the pizza is always good and the workers are very efficient and friendly!I also love that the drinks are served in red solo cups!
3	Convenient late night pizza at the Cosmopolitan hotel. Indeed is a "secret" as it is not listed as one of the hotel's restaurants, and is hidden in the back of a sushi restaurant.Very basic pizza, tastes good if you're drunk with all that grease. Ate it again when I was sober and found myself not wow'd by the pizza. They don't have Hawaiian pizza. =[ Cousins & I ordered a whole pizza in advance, asking for pepperoni, mushrooms, green peppers, and basil. They gave us a pizza with pepperoni, mushrooms, and olives??? We didn't want to wait any longer to get the right pizza, but come on... but yeah, bottom line, convenient if you're drunk in the middle of the strip and it's late and you want some decent pizza to help sober ya up.
5	I didn't even know there was a pizza place at the Cosmo (which is where I was staying at the time). It's a big "secret." Like Gretchen Wiener's hair.And when I say secret, I mean it. It's not listed anywhere on their directory. You just gotta believe... and you'll find it. On the 3rd floor. There's a long hallway with a bunch of pictures that lead to this unexpected treasure.There was a small line when me and my cousins went at around midnight, but looks can be deceiving. It took 10 minutes to reach the front, and 10 minutes is a long time when you're a wee bit tipsy. Come later than midnight, and you're going to have to wait.I decided to opt for a slice of their white pie. So cheesy and garlicky! It had a ton of cheese including ricotta. And each bite had a nice hint of garlic. Their pizza is definitely on the same level as something you'd find in New York.Prices are a bit on the higher side, but honestly, it's worth it. They also offer to bake off a whole pie for you if you're willing to wait 10-15 minutes.No, there's no place to sit, but there's places to stand and eat your pizza. It adds to the experience, I swear.I can't wait to grab another slice of their white pie when I'm back in town.
4	The Pizza here is sooooooo good especially after having some drinks in Vegas. Its a secret spot with no signs outside the location, you have to ask around to get to this spot. I know its on the 3rd floor. The white pizza is fantastic, my very favorite!!
3	The pizza here is good but nothing special really stands out about it other than the memories you and your drunk friends forget.
5	This is a must stop whenever I am in Vegas. It's cheap, fast, yummy. When I say fast... I mean all the hours they are open except between 12am-3am when all the club-goers are getting their hunger fixes. Attempting to grab a pizza during those hours mean ~2 hour wait. AYou can grab a slice or a whole pizza. They have some ready to go ranging from pepperoni, cheese, combo, and white slice. Recently they even had a deep dish version of the white slice, looked awesome but a bit much for me. You could also add toppings to all he slices and they will stick it in the oven for you.  My go-to slice is simple: white slice with roasted tomatoes. The ricotta and white sauce combined with the tangy tomatoes is out of this world. The only thing I would recommend they change would be to add fresh chopped garlic to their menu.  I made the mistake of getting 3 whole pizzas with extra garlic, only to find they use powered garlic which left an awful aftertaste in my mouth.
4	Hands down best pizza place in Vegas. The location is sorta hard to find and it is not well advertised but it is the germ of the Cosmo. It on the the third floor, next to the pool table waiting area. Follow your nose and empty pizza boxes!They have been raising the price. The best way that we found out about doing this is just to order a whole pie. Call in and order.
5	Was more than I'd hoped.   It should have been simple enough to find but I got sidetracked on the 2nd floor thinking it was the third.  It's great Brooklyn style pizza honestly wish I'd had another slice by the time I got to where I was staying I was hoping they delivered but being a "secret" I assumed not.
3	if you're from NY, you'll know this pizza is average at best.I guess people from everywhere else don't have the same reference point.That being said, it's a solid late night option with good choices. it is a bit pricey
3	Found it!!! There's quite a wait so maybe not a secret anymore? Good but one of those Vegas decision, u just regret the next day.
3	I've heard so much about Secret Pizza over the last year or two...everyone either loves it or hates it, and there doesn't seem to be much in between.I'm right in the middle on my decision...I arrived at Secret Pizza about 10pm last night with my tequila boyfriend (my best friend, since my fella is not a tequila fan) and some Yelp friends...and some new friends we had made at the AWESOME margarita festival at the pool.  We were very intoxicated, and in need of pizza!The wait wasn't bad, especially since we got a whole pizza.  Service was pretty standard...not overly friendly, but not super happy to have a room full of drunk guests.  At my level of drunkenness, I think the pizza was the BEST pizza I've ever eaten.  Now, you also have to keep in mind that I've been dieting for 8 weeks, and have been craving pizza, too, so I'm sure that figured in a bit.It was hot...it was greasy, it was smothered in garlic...(well, that was our fault...didn't realize the "Parmesan cheese" we were putting on the pizza was actually garlic salt!)...it was good!Now, I'm going to have to try it again stone sober to see how I feel about it...you know how everything tastes good when you're intoxicated...I'd like to make sure that I don't need to drink 26 margaritas again to enjoy it.
5	Amazing new york style pizza restaurant.  I have no idea why they hide this in a alley between the sushi and mexican restauarentGreat taste!
5	Super yummy! Just wish they had a bigger variety but the all white pizza hits the spot.
3	Pretty average pizza but it's a neat design and cheap eats for a LV hotel.  I had a meat and some type of unique cheese pizza which was popular and it was pretty good.  Water is around $6 a bottle , Slices are around $5.50. They also have an option of buying a 2 liter soda to share with friends which is neat.
5	Though it is not much of a secret anymore, Secret Pizza is a darling little gem and not to be missed when visiting Las Vegas. On the third floor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel there is no sign for Secret Pizza, just a hallway lined with Italian-American singer's LP's that lead you to the pizza promise land.It is the best pizza in Las Vegas and there is no debate about that. Dollar for dollar this is the best meal in town.The space is small and there are only a few stools to sit at but this pizza was made for standing. They are constantly pulling out fresh pies to serve by the slice, or you can order your favorite toppings and they'll whip it up for you.I got the sausage and pepperoncini, which was right out of the oven and then had them throw some meatball on an existing pepperoni slice to reheat.They were both outstanding but the sausage won out because of its freshness and spiciness. I will be getting that combo again.When you come do what you will, just know that if you want to taste the true genius of this place get whatever is freshest out of the oven.My girl got the white Sicilian square, and because she loves me so much she allowed me to sample. Pretty fantastic.Dig in and don't let go!Secret Pizza you get the FlavorBoner trophy on this trip.I'll be wrapping my teeth around you soon, just not during nightclub hours as I have heard the line is way too insane.BTW....When at the Cosmopolitan Hotel, if it is a weekend or holiday, go to the Chandelier Lounge on the main floor. They have a band called MARK and The Martinis and they are excellent. The lead singer embodies all that is classic Las Vegas; he sings, he jokes, he interacts with the patrons. He does Sinatra, Dean and Sammy proud.
4	Your pizza is so good that the deodorant, Secret, had to tell everyone about it!!My cousin and I needed a night cap before we headed to our hotel. After a night/early morning of binge drinking, we needed some carbs to soak up some alcohol. The "Secret" location wasn't hard for me to find since I vowed to be back. The simplest way to get there is get on the third floor and look for a pool table. And boom! Right across from that is the small corridor to the "Secret" location!  I guess we caught a break from the line being very long. 3am and it was smooth sailing. My cousin place two slices of the combination. I wanted  to try the cheese one only, but at this point my stomach could handle one slice. The service was so quick that we were in and out.The crust was soft and crispy. The toppings of meats and veggies were covering the pizza slices. The cheese was stringy and gooey. A great sized piece to satisfy a drunken appetite.If this was "Fight Club", a lot of people would be in trouble. As everyone should know the first rule of  "Fight Club". You don't speak of "Fight Club"! But, oh well! Be prepared to be punched in the mouth with flavorful and filling pizza!
4	There is no real name for this place. It is hidden in the galley on the 3rd level of Cosmo. However their pizza is amazing. Since they are open till 4 at night it's perfect for late night after clubbing/drinking snack. I am a local but still drive all the way to Cosmo for their pizza. The only con is its expensive and the drinks the give are small in quantity and you cannot refill them.
4	Ok I am from New York and therefore I have to say that this pizza was above average.  I like that it is hard to find and you have to go through this narrow alley to get to it.  They have some arcade machines.  It is themed appropriately and kind of a small place but seriously stop by late night and grab a slice or two!!
5	deliciousness! so amazing, and great staff! coming back every weekend :)
5	I swear some times I dream of this pizza. the white cheese with meatballs will be the death of my diet all day everyday. I wish I could eat pizza for breakfast lunch and dinner. I want to bathe in it. Sorry, just can't get over this place. I'm actually gonna get off my lazy ass go buy some right now! I will see you in the black hole. Hope you are enjoying your time here in Vegas, where dreams come true and pizza taste amazing. Goodbye.
5	Standing here waiting for my white slice to cool is pure agony! This is truly the best pizza ever! The guys behind the counter, especially Ray, are amazing so don't forget the tip!
5	- Fantastic atmosphere (hidden oldskool pizza joint within the Cosmo where you can get your PacMan on while waiting for smelly good pizza) - Fantastic pizza (take away to your room or hangout in the Cosmo and enjoy a fancy cocktail with a homemade fresh ingredient pizza pie) - Two thumbs way up! (this place has become a new vegas staple for me)
5	It is simply the best pizza you will find in Las Vegas and perhaps west of the Mississippi. If you come from the tri-state area , and I'm not talking about Arizona Utah Mexico, you must stop off at this amazing home away from home pizza place. NO RANCH!
5	Hey white slice pizza...I want you badly!  This simple secret pizza joint found somewhere on the 3rd floor at the Cosmo in Vegas is serving crack pizza and they are calling it "The white slice"I don't know what's on it, it's so simple and plain...just some kind of cheese and maybe some garlic? I dunno, but it is PHENOMENAL! I actually ordered a slice with a bunch of stuff on it cuz the "white slice" looked so plain, but I took a bite of my friend's and liked it better than the one I ordered! I went back and ordered it 2 more times. I think they close around 4am because when I first went to try it, it was closed :( I wanted to try it after seeing it featured on a TV show couple years ago and I always remembered it and boy am I sooo glad I did :) I dream about this pizza every night! I need this pizza in my life!!! THE SECRET'S OUT!!! :D
3	Drunk pizza is good pizza but not always. Such as when you realize after waiting for half an hour in line, you wish you called Pizza Hut for delivery service to your room instead. The best part of Secret Pizza is meeting funny and chatty drunk patrons in line.
5	By my fourth night in Vegas -yes I said fourth night I did not have the energy to rage all night long into the morning. After a long nap I woke up with a huge craving for something hearty. I opened up the Yelp app and the first place that popped up under my bookmarks was "Secret Pizza". Using the pics from other Yelpers, I was able to navigate up to the third floor and find the hallway that leads to this pizza joint. I ordered a whole pie with meatball, sausage, and mushrooms. After waiting for about 20 mins for the pizza to be done, I walked back to Vdara (where I was staying) and went HAM on this pizza. It was so good! First of all its thin crust, I love thin crust pizza. The toppings were well balanced because I know the meats were rich in flavor so I had to have mushrooms to balance that out. The best part was I was able to bring it home and enjoy this wonderful pie in the comfort of my home while recovering from the week long rage fest in Sin City!
5	Who doesn't want pizza after hitting the clubs?! We had a hard time finding this place and there was no signs directing us either, I guess this place really wants to be kept a secret! We got here around 3am after seeing Tiesto and was starving. I ordered the plain cheese because I wanted to keep it simple. Thin crust and lots of cheese, just the way I like it. If you want pizza after hitting the strip stop by this place. I won't give you directions to make it a more fun experience trying to find this place, but once you do you'll never forget where it's located.
4	If you are reading the yelp for this place there is a significant chance you are drunk and coming here anyway. So what's left to say? As difficult to find as delicious NY style pizza in the West. But you will find both and all will be golden. Best of luck on your quest!
5	$4.50 for a slice of pizza and about $28 for a whole pizza (8 slices).White pizza was AMAZING. The other pizzas were pretty decent as well. I'm usually not a fan of crush (I suck, I know), but this place has the best dough that makes their crust absolutely delicious!!!I'm definitely coming back.
4	If this is supposed to be a secret it must be Vegas' worst kept secret with 1900+ reviews. Officially this pizza shop doesn't have a name...Many a Yelper have just accidentally stumbled onto this pizza place in the Cosmopolitian en route to something else. Unlike them, I cheated, using Yelp and the Internet to do the dirty work for me. It also helps that I saw other people just randomly going into the 3rd floor with whole pizza boxes. Once you hit the 3rd floor, look between Jaleo (the Spanish place) and Blue Ribbon (sushi) for a small hallway filled with records.The pizza place is supposed to be small and simple; No1DP notes that it's reminiscent of the pizza joints he used to frequent back in NY/NJ. There's seating and counter space only for ~5 people and there's only 2 pinball games. The concept's really simple: pick pizza for slice or customize a whole pie. No1DP was craving pizza as Japan really doesn't know how to do a good pizza. I was there for another reason: to try the concoction known as "white pie".Crust: Thin and crunchy, which the No1DP says is the way to do a New York-style pizza. The pizza gets cold quickly so eat it while you can. No1DP says that this is why you see people eat this pizza fast - there's not much crust to absorb the heat.-Veggie Supreme: Came to ~$8.00/slice as he had lots of toppings. He says that this is the best pizza he's had in a while and can easily put this in the top 10 pizza joints he's visited.-White Pie ($5.50): The No1DP said to me that each pizza joint does their white pie differently, but in essence this is a cheese pizza with NO tomato sauce. When fresh off the oven the cheese is stringy but it held together well. I really liked the garlic and they are generous with the ricotta - this soft cheese literally just melts in your mouth! Definitely a must for late night eating, especially if you've been clubbing all day!
4	Secret Pizza was awesome!Save yourself however, if you're ordering two slices per person, and order a whole pie! I paid $35.00 for 6 slices.Nonetheless it was perfect for a second night delight where we weren't really hungry but still wanted something to eat. We arrived to find a short line but it went fast. They had all kinds of different pies by the slice and beer to go too.Go for the white-- So delicious and yummy. Not sure I was a fan of the sausage and Ricotta but it was good enough. Add some parmesan and a light dusting of Garlic Salt/powder on your Pizza for added deliciousness.It smelled great and we got quite the looks from people as we headed down and back to our condo (We're staying nearby at The Jockey Club) as we traipsed through 3 floors of the Cosmo with Giant NY Style pieces of pizza. DEFINITELY GO!
4	Get ready to wait in line but don't worry it moves fast ! Very affordable pizza for drinkers and non drinkers after parties and crazy night!!
5	So excited I found it. The pizza crust is light and delicious . The ricotta pizza was amazing. My boyfriend loved the veggie pizza . Look for the hallway with albums. No signs ! 3rs floor across from pool table!
3	Ehhh don't really get the hype for this place. The pizza is decent but nothing mind-blowing and not worth it for how pricey each slice is. There wasn't much of a selection when we got there at 4AM. I will say that it's awesome this place is open that late though. I'm not the biggest fan of pizza, so I'll probably look elsewhere for a late night option.
4	We had a fun time trying to find this place and I especially liked the white pizza. The normal pizza with tomato sauce was pretty average tasting so I would highly suggest getting their white pizzas!
5	Drive all the way from LA to eat this pizza & every time it is amazing. Tastes so bomb, especially after the club. A long line is nothing when you have an explosion of flavor in your mouth with every bite. so in love
3	The pizza's pretty good, and the idea is fun.  Is it the best pizza I've ever had?  Not really, but I like the idea.  I wouldn't make the trip unless you're pretty close by.  The pizza's pretty pricey at 4.50/slice and the slices aren't very big.  The sodas are $4 so you can save some dough by bringing your own drink.Location:  look for album covers all over a hallway on the 3rd floor.  There is a pool table in a sitting area across from the hallway.
1	I am not sure what the hype is about. The white pizza was probably one of the worse I have eaten. I ate 1 and a half slices before I had to give it up.It may be a requirement to be drunk to enjoy (or not care) this pizza. Surely hunger cannot persuade one to say this is good pizza.At $28 for a single pie, I am very displeased. I'm adding a photo.
4	Great just hole in the wall pizza place. Has a nice New York style pizza location. Pizza is well flavored and has nice ambiance. Only like 7 chairs along the walls. The major plus is that they will even make a Chicago style deep crust from time to time.
5	The secret is... Delicious!
5	The best pizza in Las Vegas!!!! Pretty, pretty please Secret Pizza will you open an second location too :) We'll keep that spot Secret too.  The only downside about this place is the line to get pizza sometimes, but truly of the spots to bring all your friends who come to visit Las Vegas.
4	love the goat cheese pizzas! Open super late, and sometimes a long line. Not so secret
4	3.5 starsWe came here at 3 am on a Saturday night and ordered a whole pie with 5 toppings, which cost $36. We waited 30 minutes in line and another 30 minutes for our pizza to come out. Was it worth it...? Ehhhh, the pizza was good but I don't think it was quite worth the money or time. Sure, it was pretty satisfying as a late night snack and tasted even better in our hotel room the next morning. But I don't think I would wait another for it.
4	Great pizza, but at The Strip prices. I can't say enough good things about the food from  this place. The white pizza is fantastic. Possibly the best and greasiest white pizza I've had. The home made meatball slices are also really great. The only unfortunate thing is the price per slice. It's The Strip, it's what you expect, but it's still a bummer.
4	The pizza here is fabulous! Try the white pizza, you won't regret it! It's a little greasy, so the perfect place to stop if you've been drinking down on the strip and craving some delicious pizza. The only downside is the prices (though they're not ridiculous for the Strip - like 5$ for a big slice of pizza) and that they can get super crowded later in the evening. They also don't have seating, so you grab your pizza to go and eat it on the couches in the lobby outside! (This place would really be ideal if you were staying in the cosmo.)
5	Soooo yummy! Long line to wait though and it's definitely secret! There are no signs. But it was worth the wait and when we carried it back to our hotel room we had so many people asking us for a slice and where we got it. Delicious!!
4	Hidden but not enough because the line was long! Luckily the line went fast and the staff was nice and pleasant. I had a slice of sausage and ricotta. Mmmmmm. Thin crust, fresh toppings. So good!!! I forgot to order a cannoli so I will definately be back!
4	"Secret Pizza" (I believe this is an unofficial name...right?) is located down an unmarked hallway on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo.  I felt silly asking someone, "Excuse me, where is Secret Pizza," but thankfully he was in on it and directed us there.Walk down the 30 foot hall and you're transported from the glitz of the Cosmo into what looks like a small-town pizza joint.  There are no tables (just a couple counter spots) and the decor consists mainly of 2 pin ball machines.I just had a cheese slice. (Slices are $4.75, + 50 cents for each topping. Standard Vegas prices, but I could've easily turned those 5 bucks into $5,000 on slots).  The pizza is very good, similar to a slice you'd get in New York.  The one problem we had is that our slices were not heated up enough, and were on the cool side of lukewarm.I don't think there's any reason for Secret Pizza to be a "destination"...but if you're staying in the hotel or happen to be passing through, it's a good spot for a slice.
4	I like secrets.  I like pizza.  Its  only natural that I would like them combined!  Secret pizza is the pizza by the slice joint on the third floor of the cosmopolitan. There's no sign, so you'll either have to follow your nose or look for the hallway line with framed records and pictures of musicians. Once you find it, head on in.  We had the white slice with pepperoni and the meatball ricotta slice. Both were SO GOOD.  I love the crispness of pizza by the slice and secret pizza really crisps it up.  The white slice was good, but the money was really on the meatball ricotta.  The missus really summed it up... its like eating a slice of lasagna.  It's the perfect end to a late night and is pretty much the same price as pizza by the slice at home. Give it a try!
4	Damn good p-za but, fyi its only one $ relative to the location. 6$ a slice? But if your drunk hungry and close, then its definitely worth it. Cheers
5	I love this place and try to get there every time I'm in Vegas. It's also in one of the swankiest hotels, Cosmopolitan! I've waited in a long line and it is worth it. My only regret is when I get one slice and should have gotten two!
4	The SECRET is out.Well, at least I'm not kept in the dark about the secret anymore.  Thanks to fellow yelper, Rod U, I was finally became aware of the secret location of this pizza mecca that everyone seemed to know of except me (at least until recently).I think the "secret" is more the location versus the actual pizza itself.  You'll find this small pizza parlor/station at the end of a very nondescript hallway in the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  After walking past pictures and portraits of various people, you will soon reach the secret pizza.Order by the slice or the whole pizza.  Go big or go small, it's your choice.  For me personally, I chose a slice of pepperoni and that was it.  Was it the best pizza I've had?  Was it worth the all the wait to finally eat this slice of pizza from the mysterious and difficult-to-find pizza palor?  Well, let's just say when you're hungry any slice of pizza will satisfy your appetite.  NOTE:  Slice of pepperoni was $5.25.  Absence of seating.  Stand and eat at the available counter space or go find some tables and eclectic chairs within the Cosmo.SERVICE:  Quick, courteous, and efficient.BOTTOM LINE:  Secret no more!  I'll be back!
5	THIRD FLOOR. Every. Single. Time. I walk around the second floor not understanding why I am so lost. This place is amazing though - a little hidden oasis (that it seems everyone knows about but it is still never packed). The only time I've ever seen a line (nearly out the door!!!) was at 3 am one day and I'm not quite sure why. It was a sad day indeed, though.It is the perfect stop on the way back to the hotel after a long night out, for sure. Usually plenty of space to stand at the counter and shove some pizza in your face so you can go to bed full and happy. Plus, $6 for a giant slice of pizza in Cosmo is NOT a bad thing!
5	Might be hard to find if you don't know about it, but I think it might be better that way.Reasonably priced slices, and probably the best pizza on the strip. There was no line when I went but I could see there being a bit of a wait if you went later on in the night or ordered an entire pie.Next time I'll be sure to bring a quarter or two as well to enjoy the arcade machines while I'm eating instead of heading straight back out into the casino.
4	As the name suggests, this pizza joint is somewhat a secret, i.e. hard to find. No signage, down a hallway and away from the casino madness of the Cosmopolitan. It's open until 5 a.m. and they serve really good pizza and have a great selection of old school video games. It's worth finding, especially for late night Vegas noshing that so many of us crave.
4	I love the pizza here. Every time my boyfriend and I go here there is a mile long line but definitely worth the wait. I think $40 for 5 slices of pizza is a bit much but it's definitely must do when we're down at Cosmo. The staff is always friendly also which is a huge plus!
5	greatest pizza EVER. If your in vegas you definitely need to make a trip to Cosmo for a slice!My friends and I split a whole pie, so it wasn't expensive at all. We've been there several times and it's a lot better during the day. At night there's always a line and you have to deal with annoying drunk people yelling in your ear. Still worth the wait though, and the Cosmo is pretty rad  so that's always a plus ^.^
5	One of the best pizzas I've tried. Italian and Sicilian pizza highly recommended. If u like cheese pizza try their white pizza! Bomb!
5	Is this place for real?????!?!? IMHO Pizzeria Mozza has the best pizza of all time, and it's a solid 10 in my book. My bf had told me that the secret pizza is "up there" and is about a 9.5. I was skeptical, but when I tasted the pizza, I was floored by the texture flavor, and chewiness of the crust. For me, the pizza is in the crust. I don't know what they put in their dough, but it is hands down the best here out of most places I've tried.I tried both the red sauce meat lovers pizza and the white sauce. I generally like the red sauce pizza better, so preferred the red.  I'm going to be a repeat customer for sure. Oh my gosh, it is SO good.
5	A hidden gem at the Cosmopolitan!  The best pizza I have had in a really long time. I got a plain slice and enjoyed every bite. Definitely one of the best snack/ cheap eats in Vegas. Highly recommend!!!
3	Everyone had told me about this place, and as a pizza lover, I had to check it out. It was pretty packed, and there isn't a whole lot of dining area in this small place. Of course I got a slice of the white pizza and a slice of mushroom. 2 slices, $10.50. Not super cheap, but average. After being heated, they were super oily, you have to dab and dab to get all the grease off. The pizza was good, the white pizza a little heavier, lots of ricotta, but it wasn't anything out of the ordinary. I personally like ASONY in San Jose way better. My friend wasn't impressed either. Maybe our expectations were too high, but I can see this is the place to go if you want some pizza after a day/night of drinking.
2	Decent but slow and insanely overpriced. I guess it's the inn thing to do. I'm wondering how much is the most people will pay for a pizza. The 5 or 4 star reviews must be people with unlimited money or their being paid.
4	Favorite pizza place! Their sicilian and white sauce pizza are so good!! A little pricey but totally worth your money. We had a little trouble finding it but it's on the third floor at the cosmopolitan.
4	This place is hidden.  I don't think we would have been able to find it without either 'stumbling' upon it or having read some of the reviews on here with directions. It's off the beaten path down a hall on the third floor? of the Cosmopolitan.  We went around 2am, waited just five minutes for a fresh slice of pizza.  The pizza was a great late night snack.This is a definite keeper.
1	While their pizza is very good, they very much earned their one star with their horrible customer service. We waited I the ridiculously long line to get to the counter and then be told it would be a 20-25 minute wait for a pizza. Eventually 45 minutes passed and still no pizza. When we asked what had happened, it was clear that they forgot to cook the pizza, but instead the manager insisted that all three of us misheard the actual quoted time of 50-55 minutes; now how he heard the quote better than three people standing directly in front of the cashier I do not know. I've had plenty of restaurants mess up my order and the difference always comes down to just being honest about the mistake. We get that you're busy, but don't disrespect your customers! We are locals and have recommended this place to many friends visiting, but not after being treated like this.
5	Omg I am definitely a pizza connoisseur being from Chicago and going to New York for the thin crust.This "secret" pizza joint in the Cosmopolitan is mouth watering beyond beliefWe had the white slices (olive oil, garlic, mozzarella and ricotta). We alsohad the sausage pepper and onion, and the sausage. These were to die for,I even ate the "bones".Staying here isn't the greatest but the pizza is cheap and worth the trip!They even had old school pinball while we waited, so fun!!
5	My first review was: "Wow!  Just Wow!  Yes reader, you must go there."Apparently, Yelp wasn't satisfied with that and deleted my first review.  They told me I  needed more substance.  Well, sometime less is more.  And yes, Secret Pizza is just that damn good.  Quite frankly, you don't need to say much to know you just need to go there when you're in Las Vegas.  Period.
5	The pizza is a must every time you stay or visit the cosmopolitan. It is on the pricier side for a whole pizza but is all worth it's price. There isn't a sign for the pizza parlor but It's entrance is right be the elevator in front of the billiards table
5	A little hard to find. The name definitely fits. Excellent pizza. Decent price. Just be careful with the garlic salt shaker the holes are huge which makes it easy to ruin your slice. Will go back every time I'm in town.
5	Holy crap how can anyone give this place less than 5 stars. 5 stars 5 stars.  This place is called secret pizza for a reason it is hard to find but worth the search for sure.  The guy imports water from NYC to make it perfect.So this is amazing stuff, you must try it if you're a NYC pizza fan.  I usually just go plain cheese when in NYC as I love the purity of it, but he talked me into trying some with home made sausage and I wasn't disappointed.  I went back the next afternoon with a clear head and tried plain cheese (awesome) and mushroom (very good). It is sort of hard to find, it is on the 2nd floor near the east tower. Just ask once you get up stairs.
4	My friends and I were sitting around in the hot tub in our hotel trying to figure out what to eat for dinner when someone suggested "that secret pizza place near Marquee.""Oh, what's it called?""I don't know. It's just the secret pizza place?"Yes. Apparently it really is just called "Secret Pizza."I had always heard of Secret Pizza, but had never figured out exactly where it was. If you're searching for it, you will find it, but if you're just casually passing by, you probably won't even notice it's there. How to find it: Go to the Cosmopolitan. Find the entrance to Marquee and take the escalators one floor up. You should be smelling the deliciousness of freshly baked pizza by now. Straight across from the escalators there's a narrow corridor. Follow your nose. This is where the smell is coming from. This is where the secret pizza is hidden away.You'll probably spend a while stuck in the hallway, being taunted by the smell of ahmazing pizza wafting over you. When you turn the corner of the hallway, you'll be greeted by what looks like an ordinary pizza counter. But do not be fooled. You can get a slice of pizza for about $5, which is actually fairly decent since each slice is huge. And delicious (trust me, try the white sauce! Zomg. So gooooooood.) If you're trying to order an entire pie, beware, the wait is most likely going to be terrible. There's two TVs, which makes the wait somewhat more bearable. There's also barely any seating, so most people end up just dumping on the cheese and peppers and taking their slices to go. This seems to be the way to go because we grabbed a seat outside on the couches/stairs in front of Secret Pizza and someone had already snuck a cheese and pepper shaker outside.Also, for those who enjoy a little late night snacking post-Marquee adventures, Secret Pizza is the place to be. But again, the line, the line! Beware.tl;dr: If you're in Vegas and searching for a truly delicious piece of pie, Secret Pizza is the place to go. But beware the line! (Because for a secret pizza place, it sure is poppin')
5	I am a local and until last weekend (halloween weekend) I had never been to this place. BOY WAS I MISSING OUT! Price is so cheap and the pizza is amazing! Each of us ordered a slice and I got the white pizza with some pepperoni on top. Greasy and delicious. Hits the spot and is a little bit hidden so just ask someone where it is and enjoy. Service was great and will definitely be coming back here again. Five BIG STARS!
4	After years of clubbing at Marquee and having Secret Pizza bookmarked, I finally got the chance to eat here during my last Vegas trip in October. We'd gotten our stamps at Marquee and with re-entry privileges, we decided we didn't want to wait in the club for Porter Robinson to go on and should grab some food 'cause we were starving.The entrance of Secret Pizza is through a tiny hallway on the 3rd level of Cosmopolitan, in between this restaurant and elevator outside the Marquee ticket holder entrance and re-entry line. There was a short line at 11:30 pm, which moved quickly. I got a slice of NY-style Cheese and Craig P. went with a slice of deep dish. Tasty and pretty standard in terms of what you'd expect. Way later in the evening (morning?), some of my friends brought back an entire Secret pizza to the hotel for some amazing drunchies. Cold, but still very good!There's no seating, only standing room with counter tops along the wall for you to stuff your face. However, you can eat in the resting area right outside; there are plenty of sofas and chairs, as well as a free pool table.Great option if you're clubbing and hungry during or after.
5	Fabulous. Had the white pizza and spicy peperoncini with something I cannot remember. Both were some of the best pizza I have ever eaten.
5	I've been here twice, one time where the line was so long that I didn't have the patience to wait and the other time just this past weekend. I am glad I finally got to try the Secret Pizza because it was so worth it after a night of drinking!This place is hidden quite well, I wouldn't even know how to describe to someone how to find it.They have slices all ready to go for about $5 a slice. I got the white pizza, which had ricotta cheese and a nice garlicky flavor to it. I would get this again in a heartbeat. I also got a red sauce pizza that had sausage on it, again, another winner in my book.Love this place and I feel like I have another alternative to Earls if I need a late night bite!
5	Awesome pizza especially after a long night of partying. Good prices and been here multiple times. Good for taking out as well. Great great great atmosphere!
5	Best Pizza in Vegas!
1	Ate here twice post partying. Pizza is terrible. People only like it because they're all drunk. I prefer that noodle place in the Venetian instead for preventative hangovers.Pizza cheese was runny and parts of the pizza dough wasn't cooked. And it's not all secret. Everyone knows about this place. Lines are long.
5	This place has ruined me for any other pizza. It was amazing!  Will stop everytime I'm in Vegas.
4	I don't know if it was the drunchies speaking but secret pizza has been one of the best pizzas I have ever tasted. It is a bit pricey if you order by the slice. It was my bf and I's first time, so we tried pepperoni, meatball and cheese. Surprisingly cheese was DELICIOUS and my favorite. So is the MEATBALL pizza. I thought it was sausage but it wasn't. lol. They had so much flavor to them. Pepperoni was ok. Not bad but I liked the other 2 more. I will definitely be coming back when I'm back in Vegas. I knocked off a star only because the pizza was extremely greasy. But it was SO GOOD.. Next time we will for sure get a whole box.
3	Although the pizza might be good, the lines at 2am are nuts and last forever. It's only pizza, hard to think you'll spend over an hour in this line.Good food, just need to serve customers faster.
4	Trying to be NYC.... But still pretty good.  Not gonna find much better on the strip!
4	This place should be called "incredibly packed pizza" because that's what it is. Secret pizza was a lot better when it was actually a fucking secret. The 1st time I ever came here I was able to walk right in at 4am, get my pizza, high 5 my friends & get my drunk ass back to my hotel. Now you walk up and wait in a line for 45 minutes. All that annoyance aside, the pizza is actually good but you're definitely getting ripped off as a slice will run you a cool $5+ depending on toppings.They should limit how many pizzas 1 person can buy. MFers be walking out with like 5 pizzas with a line out the door & then trying to sell it for double the price outside.
4	The secret may be out but this location really is hidden and you might need a sherpa guide to find it. Head down the hall full of famous Italians once you get to the third floor and you're on the right track. Once you finally find it, the pizza is quite tasty (my NY born and raised approved) and even better after all the effort you made to find it. There wasn't a line on a late night visit during the week and I was able to play a game of pinball while I waited.Excellent pizza and worth the effort for a quick bite on the strip.
5	As I drunkly stumbled upon this place, there was no doubt that my nose had led me to this delicious pizza heaven. JK. But yes I was drunk, but a friend took us here. How could I call Vegas my backyard, if I barely just tried Secret Pizza!!From what I remembered, the line was quite long, wrapped around the corner, but it was good for me to sober up. The interior decoration was fun, a couple machines for people to kill time with while inhaling that greasy yet mouth watering smell of fresh pizza. As I walked closer to order, my eyes widened and spotted the server tossed a freshly made Mushroom pizza in the bottom pizza drawer, I yelled (I think I yelled), I want that! Oh yes, it was filled with lots of fresh mushrooms and great crust. Wish I had ordered more, but man, it was pricy, but you do get what you paid for. I am coming back again, hopefully more sober so I can actually take a decent picture and enjoy the pizza.
4	Nestled between some great restaurants, is an amazing gem, that is SECRET PIZZA!When you're looking for a snack, a late night bite or simply just because you want a great slice of NY style pizza, Secret Pizza is where it's at.I could have pizza from here everyday. It's always on my itinerary any time I go to Vegas.
5	Secrets, secrets, are no fun. Secrets, secrets, hurt someone... Unless they involved pizza. Want some pro tips? At $5/slice, that makes a pie $50, but guess what? Cheeze pie is $26! Want a consistent delicious pizza everytime you're at Secret? Get the pie! Even when I'm alone I get the pie because its fresh. I usually take walk on the Blvd and hookup some hungry faces with the remaining slices. Eat something great and do something great. Cowabunga!
5	We were in Vegas for the marathon. After running, my husband and I were looking for a place to eat so we looked up places through Yelp and found this place. This place had great reviews and pizza sounded like great food after running. We checked it out and it held up to the expectations that people wrote about. The staff were extremely friendly, we only waited maybe 5 minutes from the time we got in line until the time we paid (some reviews say it does get super busy later in the evening but we got there at a decent time), and the pizza was really, really good! My husband and I only got the cheese pizza but it was perfect for us - great cheese to sauce ratio (the sauce was delicious), great crust (good crunch throughout the whole pizza), and not a lot of grease. After eating here all my husband wanted everyday thereafter was pizza for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. It really is a secret place. There are no signs but it is located on the third floor down a hallway across from the pool tables. The hallway is filled with pictures on the wall.
3	A tad over priced!  But fresh as hell and yummy!  NO WHERE to sit but gnarly hipster style and old school vibe!  I need to get two slices after a night of boozing at Vesper or BOND BAR!
5	the crust makes the pizza. crispy and friggin good. Well played secret pizza, well played.
5	Quite possibly the best New York style pizza you'll find on the West Coast. If you've dealt with sub-par NY pizza around town, come to this pizza place and you will not be disappointed.As you walk through the vintage Italian album collage leading to pizza paradise, you'll find a few gems - including an old San Remo cover - before finding your cheesy reward.  They use cornmeal to crisp the crust and the cheese is stringy and delish.  It feels like a pizza speakeasy amid so many trendy restaurants on that level inside Cosmopolitan, but well worth the mystery hunt to get there.
5	Great pizza, friendly and entertaining staff, and open late!
4	I loved this place! The pizza is yummy. You can take it to go...well tbh there isn't much room to sit. The staff is fast and friendly. I'm definitely going back on my next visit.
2	Seriously was meh at best! Don't  know how everyone makes such a fuss. It has no where to sit!!!
5	An awesome late night snack at 1 am!  On the second floor by the pool table Secret Pizza is a hidden gem.   There is no signage to highlight this pizza joint's location so it can prove to be difficult to locate the first time you look. The individual pizza slices are proportionally generously.  The pizza dough is ultra thin, and the combination of cheesy goodness and tangy tomato sauce makes this pizza mouthwateringly great!  I usually get the pepperoni.  It's a oldie but a classic!  If you can find this hidden treasure you'll discover this gem is well worth the tolls of the search!!!
5	I found it, so that was a plus! I went in and ordered a slice and was supremely pleased with the flavor as well as the perfect crunch on the crust! A must-eat in Vegas, for sure!
5	No Ranch Necessary for this hidden gem. Follow the pizza aroma and maybe you'll be lucky enough to discover what is, secret pizza at the Cosmopolitan. The perfect slice of pizza after a concert made to order. Fun atmosphere complete with Beer on tap and classic arcade games.
5	The secret pizza shop is worth the search. I would give directions but I don't like getting people lost.   3rd floor of the cosmopolitan shopping center, then ask another restaurant for directions.    Great old school NY pizza. Good prices, slices, great staff, nice variety. A great escape from the craziness of vegas, although I was there at 11 am on a Tuesday in December.
5	I wouldn't say it's much of a secret anymore but regardless I always make a stop when in town.   The white pizza is incredible.  The sausage and meatballs are out of this world.  Great crust.  Great sauce.  Very friendly service.  I'm a huge fan.
4	Located in The Cosmopolitan down a corridor of Italian albums you will find some of the greatest pizza in the area.  This place stays open late and gets the job done.  White Pizza add Italian Sausage and Garlic.
4	If you're looking for something delicious to round out a night of bar hopping on the Strip, Secret Pizza can't be missed. One bite of these over-sized slices, and you'll feel like you're in New York instead of the dessert.It's existence is an open secret, but you still may have trouble finding it tucked away down an unmarked hallway on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan. At over $5 a slice it's a bit on the high side. But, you may have already spent $15 on a drink at the club, so why pinch pennies now? From the sauce to the toppings, everything tastes like an authentic New York style pizza. They make your standard pepperoni or mushroom pies with great skill, but you can get something edgier too. The place is small with no seating. Try to grab a seat on the mall floor by the pool table.
4	I love Secret Pizza! They keep it simple -- white sauce pizza or red sauce pizza with sausage. It's just not so secret anymore and I hear there are long lines after Marquee clubbers get out (I haven't been around to witness it). It's quick and simple pizza that's delicious. Bonus points for the arcade games inside. Since there really isn't much space to eat inside here, you can grab your pizza to go and grab a table just outside in the common area. There's a pool table and a few chairs.
5	Great pizza. Very friendly staff. Slices are very big and you can add additional toppings to their already made pizzas. Cool find.   Grab a slice, a glass of wine and walk out front to the sofas by the pool table.
5	The absolute best pizza I have ever had!!! The crust is thin, and crispy, they double bake it. The cheeses are flavorful and delicious, but not too greasy. I love that it is by the slice, so you can try without getting the whole pizza. It's affordable and hip. LOVE IT!!!!
5	I ordered the supreme pizza here and it was literally the best pizza I have ever had. The flavor in their pizza packs a punch. This place is kinda neat cause it's a little hard to find but the pictures on yelp will help you. The shop itself is super tiny and you don't really have much seating so you'll have to get some pizza and go. Definitely the best kept secret in Vegas! :)
5	This joint is BOMB. I had known about it for some time but have never gone and just happened to stumble upon it when my boyfriend and I were looking for Jaleo which is right next to the Secret Pizza place. We ordered the meatball, sausage, and pepperoni pizza and it was HELLA good! Definitely a chill place with a cool vibe and the perfect stop for a quick, great quality lunch or a drunken munchie at 3 in the morning. Good stuff!
5	Yummy and cheap!  In my last visit, I gave it 4 stars. This visit I am bumping it to FIVE, yes 5 yelp stars.Its probably the tastiest thin crust pizza in the Strip.  Its not really that hidden.  Go to the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan, find the pool table (which probably kids are goofying off at) and you'll see a hallway of records.  There's that so-called pizza place.We came here with Stephen's mom and each got a slice of something different. We wanted 3 diet cokes, and the guy suggested getting a 2-liter of diet coke for $6.50 versus 3 separate cup of cokes for $4 each.  Wow, what a nice guy!  He could have easily had a $12 sale on drinks, but saved us $5.50.So 3 slices plus a 2-liter came to $22.  We took our slices down the hall and watch snotty 12 year olds attempt to play billiards.Secret pizza is, IMHO, the hidden gem of Las Vegas.
3	Definitely a good place to go if you're just escaping Marquee. And I know you just got out from the horrendous stairway, so now you're suddenly starving. The sweet smell of cheese and tomato sauce isn't helping, just follow your nose and it will lead you to the secret hallway to the place they call Secret Pizza.If you found the secret because the line is a mile long, sorry it's going to feel like a century to get in. I would avoid it between 12-2am, but they close at 5, so get your timing right! You can always call for a whole pie. The prices are pretty cheap for Vegas.For those not staying at Cosmo, it's great because there is plenty of seating outside.
5	This is the best pizza I've ever tasted. I know my East Coast friends are a little skeptic about this assertion. I don't even know how to describe it or why it's so good. It just is. Go try it for yourself. If you can find it.... It's on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel. Just go up the escalators by the Liberace Rhinestone Rolls Royce on the first level or the escalators by the All Saints store on the second level. Look for the pool tables and there will be a hallway lined with vintage record album covers. It's next to a sushi restaurant. The service is always quick and friendly. The prices are a little steep for pizza and a drink. Almost $20 for 2 slices and 2 sodas. Please try this please and tell me if I'm wrong! If this is not the best pizza you've ever tasted...let me know where I can find better pizza!!
3	Inside of Cosmo.Love the thin crust pizza! Hidden gem, gotta try finding it! Long line so be ready.
5	This place is a hidden gem in the Cosmopolitan Hotel!  Walk down a little hallway on the third floor and discover this treasure!  It is not mentioned or listed on any signs posted in the hotel, hence the name Secret Pizza. We ordered pepperoni and sausage, a white pizza, and a mushroom pizza for a party in a suite and we were not disappointed!  Delicious pizza!
2	The great meatball topping saves this place. I was told that this place was the bomb, so maybe my expectations were too high. The cheese was lacking and was nothing out of the ordinary, the staff was somewhat rude (just stared at us when we walked up to order and was not engaging), and the price for what you get was pretty high. I'm not a fan of thin crust (and didn't know that's how it was), but the crust was not crispy on the bottom like most thin crusts, giving us really floppy pizza slices, so the cheese slid off trying to pick them up. Watch out for the grease, too. At least it was prepared and baked quickly. I get that hotel/casino restaurants run that sort of price, but for the quality and amount of food, we should have just looked off the strip for a better pizza place.
4	Woooo pizza!!! A SECRET pizza place?! Awesome!!On a recent bachelorette trip my friends and I decided to make it our personal mission to find this secretive pizza joint after hearing about it from the bride's fiance. We navigated the area based on some Yelp photos and were actually very closeby when we got "lost". Imagine our excitement when we found THE HALLWAY!! We decided to each get 2 humongous slices of the pre made combination, pepperoni, and cheese toppings. -The cheese was very tasty with a slightly thin crispy crust. It was indeed pizza heaven for us UNTIL we decided to sprinkle too much parmesan...making the sodium level skyrocket and our mouths dry as a desert on our drive home to LA...hence my minus one star.-The combination was pretty decent but nothing too special topped with big slices of sun dried tomato, bell pepper, olives, onions.At $5-6 a slice its really not too bad so it'll be fun to bring along new people as a little joke.
4	This place hits the spot, and what makes it better is finding a joint most people won't even notice is there. My boyfriend and I had heard about Secret Pizza and always meant to visit but just never took the time to search it out. We made a point to find it today for lunch and I'm so glad we did.I'm not sure what to say that hasn't already been written by fellow Yelpers, but this pizza is really good. One slice was enough for me for lunch. I ordered the sausage and peperoncini and thought it was great! My traditional guy had the cheese. Both had a thinner, crispy crust that New York-style devotees will covet. Both slices were hot and fresh. We also appreciated the friendliness of the staff and just how kind they were (makes a big difference to me... not sure how others feel about that). Our server was so polite and went through all of the available pizzas with us with patience. The prices were reasonable, even though I think they may be more than what has been mentioned in previous reviews. A potential downside is that there were only two chairs in the entire space, so this may be better as a "grab and go" option. Still, worth a visit! Super fun to feel like a Las Vegas insider as you effortlessly walk down the "secret" hallway.
3	After a long night at Edc, we came here for a snack before bed. I've never heard of a secret pizza place near marquee. It is very inconspicuous and I don't think you would see it unless someone pointed it out. The pizza was ok, the slices were large. The line is long if you go when people are coming from marquee. The place thing about it is you can go chill and eat in the massive seating areas just outside the entrance.
3	3.5 starsgood pizza but not hard to find a pizza that tastes good fresh out the oven but this place didnt live up to hype or worth waiting in the line out the door.  This would be the perfect spot if you were drunk and found yourself here but i it too greasy.
4	Awesome pizza by the slice!  Just wish they had an option to get a whole pie that wasn't so large.
4	Closest I can get to the greasey goodness that is New York City pizza, here in Vegas. Secret Pizza is located inside Cosmo, third floor I believe. It's hard for me to remember... even though I've been here dozens of times, I'm not sure that any of them were sober. Once you've seen the pool tables though, know that you are very close!! Follow the record cover decorated hallway.Pizza slizes are between $4 & $5 bucks, a whole pie starts at $28 and they are HUGE. I'm pretty simple so I tend to stick with cheese or pepperoni slices... so I can only really speak on those - and they are delicious!I think goodness that I had a coworker back home who was kind enough to direct me here. It took a few tries for me to find the place but that made finally eating here ridiculously fun. It's worth the hunt, promise!
4	Secret Pizza? More like Not-So-Secret Pizza... this place is most definitely the worst kept secret in Vegas.My friends and I left Drai's Nightclub to take a cab to the Cosmopolitan and seek out this hidden gem. We waited ~40 minutes in line.I don't really even know what I ordered, but it was a slice with red sauce, pepperoni, mushrooms, and some other toppings. It was really good. But I might just think so because I had a good amount of alcohol in my system. As soon as I finished my slice, I grabbed the crust off of my friend's plate and finished that as well. Heh...$6 per slice. Not much seating. Take your precious pizza and go.By the way, it's located on the 3rd floor somewhere in between two restaurants... not sure. I was intoxicated. Just follow the drunk people!
2	I just got one slice of pizza because it was crazy overpriced. It was good. I'm not going to say it was bad but absolutely NOT worth $6. That's way overpriced I can get an entire pizza with that. And it was so crowded can't believe people go here so much. The drinks were $4 for a regular cup..just a cup not even a cap for it so it was hard to hold. It was about a dollar worth of drink too. Very overpriced.
4	Perfect for quick meal after the club. Especially if your date is passed out and your hungry. Top level, next to the sushi restaurant hidden in the back furthest from the elevator.
4	Such a fun stop to make while in Vegas.  Granted, it's in the Cosmo and I usually don't stay near it, but it's worth the trek.  You go down an unmarked hallway that is lined with records.  The pizza is superb.  There are some counters that you can stand at to eat, or you have to find a spot to sit down in the main area of the Cosmo.
1	Horrible. Fucking. Experience. No level of deliciousness would justify how rude these guys were.
5	I fell In love with this place with every step down the secret path finding pizza chefs tossing and spinning the dough in the air.  There is a fun atmosphere here, I was in front of this little kid who got to try and spin the dough only after he ran to clean his hands in the restroom it was fun to see.The pizza is off the hook hands down one of the best pizza places I've ever had the fortune of visiting and will probably remain there for life.  They always reheat your slice and you could add extra toppings.  They do refill soda and you could catch the wall of art dollars next to the cash register that's a lot of fun try to spot the hulk you can't miss it.  I can't wait to comeback during every Vegas trip.
5	So good we went to it twice in 12 hours. Once at 2am after dancing and then for lunch the next day. Tried a few different slices. The pepperoni, sausage and banana peppers, and the ricotta were our faves, but you can't go wrong. Not too bad on pricing, especially for vegas. Also it's open 24 hours.  Brooklyn style and the crust has just the right amount if crunch. Staff us friendly. Clean.
3	Much ado about nothing.The pizza was thin and a little greasy.  The taste wasn't unique.Not saying this was bad, just average.We visited this place based on the recommendationof the person who checked us into the hotel.This place is not worth visiting.It might be "secret" pizza, but it's not great pizza.
4	Great white pizza! A huge slice of pizza that really hit the spot. The workers were very sweet and helpful. My only two complaints were that the Parmesan cheese in the shakers was not very fresh and there was also a napkin shortage.
5	Straight up, the best pizza ever. I didn't care for the generic stuff, but the meatball pizza was phenomenal! We went back twice. So good. Too good.
5	One of the best secrets on the strip, pizza is good nice chewy crust but not like rubber heat lamp pizza. Any local that doesn't know about this place doesn't know the strip
3	It is not a secret anymore but it is still pretty secretive I guess.  I found the place through the Yelp reviews so I tried to see how secretive this place really is.  Looked for signage while in Cosmo or a sign outside the place and found nothing.  Sneaky!  But luckily, the place isn't hard to find because once you get on the third floor, you see a bunch of folks munching on their pizza.Came a little bit after midnight on Christmas and luckily it wasn't packed.  Waited about 10 minutes and was able to order a slice of pizza.  Ordered a slice of the white pizza.  At first, the server (or do you call the guys pizza slice giver...he doesn't actually serve you...) looked and they were out of it and said we had to wait 15 minutes but luckily, the pizza maker told him that they had one ready in the back of the oven.  Winner winner pizza 4th meal dinner!  Fresh pizza right out of the oven.  For around $6, you get the ricotta with garlic and mozzarella.  Looked for a place to eat inside on the counters but it wasn't particularly clean so we decided to just take it outside.Split this with my sister and we both thought it was OK.  I can see how this can be AHHHHMAZING if you were drunk (Almost everything is).  I didn't drink so it was just OK.  The dollops of ricotta were the best part of the pizza.  Very creamy when biting into those places where it had ricotta.  The pizza was hot and the cheese was melty but I couldn't get over how salty it was.  I felt the burst of salt pellets with every bite.  No bueno (again... probably great after a night at Marquee or any other club in town)A good place to come and say you have tried.  With all the other places throughout Vegas (and after a night of clubbing), this place wouldn't be on my list.  The place has its gimmick but the pizza is just decent and the place needs to be kept up a bit better.  Counters need to be tended more often, Napkin holders need to be refilled...
4	This is a hidden gem. I've had much better pizza but come on... the price and the taste/quality combination on the Las Vegas Strip... you can't complain.Staff was fun and personable. Go try it! If you can find it ;)
5	Other than the long wait (at times) for their pizza by the slice this place is delicious especially when you order it by the box !You can't go wrong with the white pizza seems to be very popular.  Try ordering a full box by phone and skip the line when you want to pick it up. Long story short.... It hits the spot at 3 am after Marquee.
5	Fantastic NY style pizza with a twist. I loved it!
5	Everything about this place is great the food, the atmosphere, the people. The staff is nice and I love that they spin the dough right in front of you. I got a slice of pepperoni and took it up to my room to eat. The pizza was the perfect amount of grease and the pepperoni was amazing!  The only thing is I wish I had some change on my to play the games. I loved the place so much I went back for dinner later that night.
5	This SECRET  PIZZA was a secret for about 5 stays at the Cosmo. Now that I know where it is its my favorite late night snack. Ask for it well done and the crust will be perfect. The staff was great, they actually recognized me from the night before....I guess I've become a regular.
5	This pizza is the best pizza ever ! Pricing is good, and so worth the wait even if it's an hour. If you're in Vegas at Marquee you have to go !
4	Another alternative to late night munchies after a club in Vegas! Secret pizza definitely has a spot in my heart. My boyfriend decided that I should try this place since we were staying at the cosmo. I've always heard really good things about this but have never actually been because I always end up at Earls after getting out of the clubs.  Found our way around in this hidden gem through a short alley. It wasn't a long line thank goodness. With literally 4 chairs in this hole in the wall your best bet is to scoot next to someone elbow it down and eat your pizza among those others. I ordered the combo/supreme and my boyfriend had the pepperoni. Omgggg it was delicious the entire crust of the pizza was crispy and the cheese and topping just married together. Add some pepper flakes and garlic powder and you are set my friend. I'm so happy I finally got to try it! Next time we are ordering the whole pie. More cost efficient :) plus more pizza nom nom!!
5	by far the best pizza west of Mississippi! price went up a little bit but still worth the price! soda's are free refills.
3	Located in The Cosmopolitan Hotel.  I actually stumbled upon this place as I was sitting nearby with my friends.  It's so secret that it's literally not even listed on their maps or signs at the Hotel.  There's no sign to the entrance.  It is right next to the Blue Ribbon Sushi Restaurant and near Cosmo's Marquee Nightclub.  They open until like 4-5am usually.  Lines could be long, but this restaurant is a take-out place.  There's only a handful of bar-like stools where you can eat on a counter by a couple of old school game machines.  It's warm, loud, and crowded so I suggest you find a seat outside.  There's a complimentary pool table just in front of the entrance with seats around it.  Our family just ate our pizza there.Waited 45 minutes for a whole pie of pizza.  It is overpriced, but it was still satisfying.  We ordered half Pepperoni and Half Sausage and Mushroom and it costed about 30 dollars.  They sell liters of soda or beer too.  The pizza was good. I want to come back to try the white pizza slice for sure.  Nothing too special about this place other than the idea that it's a secret. Overly hyped and over priced, but will definitely satisfy your pizza cravings.
4	Secret Pizza is a hole in the wall kind of pizza place. Definitely one of the more reasonable priced places in vegas. Benefits are that they are open late and their per slice is decently price.If you are planning to order a whole pizza, call ahead. It is much cheaper for a whole pizza but takes about an hour. For another $10 you can "cut the line", and they'll push your order forward. I had what everyone else recommend here. All good, definitely greasy. Their water machine doesn't work, just a heads up if u were looking for a cup of water.
3	Line took FOREVER but was somewhat efficient. Pizza was only decent. I would never wait again. Greasy pizza. Staff seems a bit sketchy.
3	This place is no secret, it's on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo, just look for a long dark hallway lined with picture frames of random shit. The line for this place was nearly out the door when I came on Christmas Day, which was also my very 1st visit here. I can see why the lines are so long...because it's the only affordable place to eat inside the Cosmo! The pizza itself is decent depending on what you get. I got 2 slices: pepperoni and sausage/banana pepper. The pepperoni one was alright...I've definitely had better at cheaper price points. the sausage and banana pepper one was pretty damn good though and it was a good combo together. I'd come back for that one.Slices range around the price of 5 bucks each depending on what kind you get. Cheese slices are under $5, while ones with tons of toppings will push the price closer to $6. Whole pies are around $26-30 and may be a cheaper option if you're wanting more than 4 slices. Drink selection is sparse here, and bottled beer is 8 bucks! I guess it is the Strip though...They had a water cooler there but it was broken. Thanks for putting a sign on there to let us know because a few customers and I tried messing with it and wondered why nothing would dispense. I would come back here but only if I were already near the Cosmo. It's definitely not worth the drive down. I'd much rather drive to Metro Pizza or Costco for cheaper and more tasty pies.
5	I'm glad I found this little secret place from a little someone ;) the pizzas are remarkably similar to NYC pizza... I would say even better. Rich cheese, white sauce, and the best crust in Vegas. You have to try it when you get the chance after a few drinks and a spontaneous Vegas night with friends. Good luck finding it.
5	Unbelievable pizza. Some of the best I've had. Definitely try to white pizza and the pepperoni was to die for.
3	Nothing special. Just typical fast greasy pizza. 3 stars because it's open late.    -No regular seating FYI.
4	Oh Secret Pizza. We meet again. I remember when the Cosmo first opened. My friends and I were...uh, inebriated, and we stumbled in here shoeless. I've had plenty of great memories with Secret Pizza since then. One time, we trekked from on side of the strip just for the pizza. I think that was at least a two mile walk.Yeah, it was worth it and I'd do it again.The cannoli's are my favorite. The pizzas, are duh- GREAT.Great for when you're drunk, hungry, or in need of comfort food.
4	.
5	This was the best pizza I have ever had! I cannot wait to come back and go here again. I ordered a pepperoni and olive pizza and it came out right away and the workers were super chill.
4	Stopped by for lunah and had a sausage and peppers pizza while my wife had the pepperoni. It was cheap, tasty, and quic which is exactly what we needed. The water machine was broken which was inconvenient but not a deal breaker. Staff was friendly and welcoming.
4	This hidden gem is the Cosmo is delicious and cheap! Come get this pizza if you're sick of all the buffets/lines/expensive food. The slices are big enough to get a person full. Order an entire pizza if you have a group of friends with you and bring it out to a lobby area and eat it out there. One of our favorite places in Vegas.
5	So I had read about this "no-name" pizza place prior to visiting Vegas this time 'round, and I was determined to find it. And find it, we did! (It wasn't difficult. The front desk clerk advised us, when we checked in, that the hallway to this pizza place is on the third floor, beside Jaleo restaurant). We had heard this was the best pizza in LV, so our expectations were rather high. And it did not disappoint! Sure, it's a no-frills place, where you stand in line and order and pick up your pizza. There's barely any place to sit down inside there, but right outside the hallway there's a big open space with lounge chairs and end tables (along with a pool table with two tip-less cues. Cosmo people, can you get new cue sticks for this table? Please?). We ordered individual slices: hubby had a meat-based slice (pepperoni and other meats), kids had white cheese-based slices with some veggies on them. They said they were the best pizzas they ever had, and if we lived nearby, they'd be here every single day for pizza. Knowing them, they would, too!We didn't encounter a long line, like the other reviewers mentioned. We probably came at an off-time (although if it wasn't noon on the dot, it must've been within the hour, as we all get ravenous by then. Maybe we were just lucky. There was no line to speak of). Excellent pizza, great price, fun experience. Who needs more?
4	it's SO good! and i love the fact that it's a hidden gem in Cosmo (although everyone knows where it is)I wish there's more topping they could add to the pizza, other than that everything was yummyumm
5	Pizza is fantastic and the service has been the best we have received on our entire trip to Vegas.
5	Love this place. Been here a few times and finally decided to re iew it. The first time is always fun, especially when you go hunting for it, your hungry and you finally get your pizza. Not only are you excited that you found the place but then you take a bite and the pizza is amazing. I always have to have a slice of the typical pizza but then you should always save some room for a slice of the Sicilian. The place is affordable and the slices are huge so it's suggested to share if you want to just try all the types out. Jut got to say again, love it!
5	This place is a secret but easy to find if you look carefully and if it's past 2AM just follow all the drunk ppl or look for the people walking around with Pizza LOL The pizza was amazing REALLY REALLY good. I have the white pizza amazing
5	Yuuuuum. So greasy and good. Go to the third floor of Cosmopolitan and right on the other side of the pool table you will see the corridor that leads to the secret pizza place. Try their white pizza which is supposedly their speciality, we tried it and it was delicious. Their cheese pizza was good too.Only thing is we were told that all their meat options were pork based. This didn't work for my muslim friend who accompanied me, and I'm sure it wouldn't work for my jewish friend either. luckily their specialty is vegetarian so thumbs up all round
5	Great New York style pizza by the slice for a decent price on the strip... The pepperoni pizza was awesome with the crust being the best part. It is kind of hard to find as its location is "secret" but this just adds to the fun if eating here. There really isn't much seating in the restaurant area but it's adjacent to plenty of comfortable seating in a lounge area of the resort.
5	Best pizza I've ever had. Whenever I am in LV I make it a priority to make it here at least once. The white pie slice is my favorite and with endless refills you cannot go wrong.
5	Five stars are not enough to rate the party in my mouth due to that white pizza. It was THEE best pizza I've ever had. It just melts in your mouth. I can't wait to go back again so that I can get lost trying to find it and getting me a couple more slices. It's worth all the hype. Go check it out!
5	I highly recommend the White Pizza!!! It was sooo worth the wait!! We loved it so much that we went back again the next day for some more....
3	Nice "secret" location for a pizza joint. I like the fact that it's opened really late so it's great for a late night eat. We walked around several times looking for the entrance but kept walking by. I finally got tired of searching and asked an employee at the Cos which ended our search.
5	Amazing pizza and open late!If you can find this place it is well worth the wait. If it's after 2 am expect a long line (which will make it easier to find). There are no signs but it is located on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan. The White pizza is amazing! I used to come here all the time and it has always been great! Slices can be a little pricey (around $3.50-$5) but definitely worth it. Just be prepared to wait on a weekend night.
