5	this is a lengthy review for 2 reasons: 1. this was my first time here. 2. NO ONE HAS REVIEWED THIS PLACE ON YELP YET!!i LOVED my experience here. my boyfriend and i JUST got back from our 4 day trip to vegas, and the first thing i wanted to do was share w/ all the yelpers how AMAZING this place is.  it's off the strip, in the same plaza as Firefly, so i'm sure many of you are familiar w/ the location.SERVICE:i made a reservation for 15 people at 10pm on a saturday night, this past new years weekend.  it was not crowded at all.  we were seated right away. the prices on the menu looked a bit steep depending on what you order (about $20-60 for teppanyaki), but let me tell you, these people really know thier shit when it comes to seasoning, adding flavor, and cooking meat.  we really had a very memorable dinner here, thanks to TIGER and YOUNG (and no they are not strippers. they were our teppanyaki chefs).  TIger was obviously the veteran of the two, making vulgar jokes, and toying with us diners.  I'm guessing Young was new, but oh so very cute.  If you do end up eating teppanyaki, ask the chefs if you can wear their hat, (they'll say no, but believe me. they'll make you wear their "special" apron instead. trust. i fell for it).  overall, the staff was very attentive and friendly to us.  DRINKS: i had the lychee saketini and the lotus blossom. both very good, light, delivered fast, and also left me a little tipsy but not too drunk or belligerent to get bloated from dinner.  FOOD: keep in mind all teppanyaki dinners include salad, soup, rice, veggies, and a shrimp appetizer.  i ordered the Seabass (about $23) and my boyfriend had the geisha special (steak and chicken, about $25).  our proteins were cooked and seasoned perfectly, and they also made the most delicious sauces to go w/ everything, including this delightful garlic thing that i drenched my fried rice in, even though the rice already didn't need much.  we also ordered 2 sushi rolls. we had 'da bomb' (jalapeno, cream cheese and spicy tuna) which was really good if you like SPICINESS and the 'j in your mouth' roll (pretty much a tempura battered philly roll) which was also VERY VERY DELICIOUS.  AMBIANCE: i liked it. simple, not overpretentious. you could come in jeans or decked out in your sequined hootchiemama dresses.  KEEP IN MIND: all that matters is that you don't need  to be a high roller here to get excellent service. they made my entire group feel like big ballers for one night.  we were also celebrating 2 birthdays, and my friends each got their own tempura ice cream.  the one thing i will do though, is make reservations for a later time. check the hours on the website.  i do know that they have a daily happy hour from 11pm-4am in which the prices for a lot of the menu items drops down very generously.  seriously, take advantage of this place. it really will bring you good times w/ good people.  and remember, always chat it up w/ your chefs.  they will defintely make sure that your money does not go to waste.
5	My Musashi experience was quite by accident, but definitely a pleasant surprise.  6:00 pm rolled around and my fiance and I got ready to meet his friends for a birthday dinner at Marrakech, the Moroccan restaurant beside Musashi.  They got hung up at Bodies the Exhibit and finally around 8:30, we met up outside Marrakech.  It was closed.  For super bowl Sunday.  What?Anyway, we were all starving and next door was Musashi.  Inviting, but above all open, we decided to give it a try.  The restaurant was empty aside from one gentleman at the bar, and the four of us were seated at a comfy round booth.  All of us decided on sushi.  My guy and I had the ugly redhead, da bomb, j in my mouth, and something else that I don't remember.  I also got a seaweed salad.  Birthday boy had two mai tais and said they were very good.  He and his fiance also had the sexy redhead roll, and some others.    Our server, Alex, was funny, fun, and did a great job of staggering our rolls with the chefs so that we had an endless flow of sushi for a good hour and a half.  When we ordered j in my mouth, he told us his name was Jay, and I'm totally gullible...so when I called for Jay we all got a good laugh when he told us his real name.  With our sushi, he also brought us some of their special house sauces they've come up with.  Most of their sauces are for the teppan bar,  he said, but they are expanding into sushi condiments.Oh yeah, and the sushi was GREAT!  My favorite by far was Da Bomb....with a nice thick slice of fresh jalepeno and lots of spicy tuna in every piece, you can't go wrong.  Everything looked very fresh, was beautifully presented, and tasted great.  Their prices are great for all the specialty rolls they offer, and I can't wait to go back again to try their hot entrees out.Course, I'll probably end up gorging myself on sushi again....
2	We decided to give Musashi a try given the great reviews and late night happy hour,but we were disappointed. They were out of most of the sushi apps we wanted-no baby yellowtail, uni, grilled octopus salad to name a few. Given it was tSunday of Memorial Day weekend we tried to be understanding- must have been a busy weekend. We had to inquire about happy hour, as they made no mention nor introduced anything of the menu/specials. Waiter finally brought us happy hour menus. Since they were out of so many apps, decided to do tepanaki. Son wanted to do the shabu shabu but that option inot avail at tepanaki bar. Too bad they hadn't reviewed the options prior to seating. Our chef (bro of owner) was friendly, talented and probabaly the best part of the meal. We're doing the "low carb" thing, all ordered extra veggies in lieu of rice.  Food good, but a somewhat nice experience turned sour when we got the bill.  There were no less than 6+ "Open Food" items listed on the bill (ie no explanation of charge), plus we had been charged for several sushi items they were out of!  We'd had several sakitinis and belive they rely on tipsy guests not checking their bill. I reviewed the bill with the gentleman at register, he wanted no part of it and called waitress over.  She proceeded to immediately delete the sushi items.  When I inq about the "Open Food" I was informed that a total of $34 had been charged for "extra veggies"! When I said that no mention of an added charge for veggies in lieu of rice was made she started to argue talking through the gentleman at the register - she did not want to deal with me directly. I piped in that I refused to pay $34 for a few extra onions/mushrooms and zucchini-the gentleman at register advised her to remove it ,she did reluctantly with no apology - just walked away.  All told our $346 bill came down to $264...imagine if we'd let our tipsy, vacation mood overlook checking the bill. Shady,dishonest, rude and WE WON'T BE BACK!!
5	Well let me start this review off by saying it was my birthday when we hit up this great restaurant so i was WAY beyond drunk when we showed up here. So let me give this review as best as I can remember.  There were 13 of us and there was no problem in fitting all of us in at one grill which was awesome. We got started off with some great sake bombs, we kinda  went nuts and bought the way expensive sake bottle at 120 a piece but they have an ok selection if you don't want to pay an arm and a leg for it. Any ways the sake bombs were delicious not to mention we had a waiter there that kept bringing out all these crazy shot's he had concocted. This all happened before the food. Our chef came out and he was great, I love teppanyaki places it is like art meets great food. Not only was he amazing at whipping his knives around he was freaking HILARIOUS! I got steak lobster and scallops which were all very good. The fried rice they make right on the grill was great too. All in all this place was a great place for a big party to let loose and eat really good food at the same time. Def going back!
4	We went to Musashi this weekend with some local friends.  If you're able to, try to make reservations for the teppanyaki as they seem to have a lot of large parties - the rest of the restaurant was empty.  This is definitely a good place to go in a larger group of up to 10 for teppanyaki.  The restaurant is a little located off the strip, but worth the drive.  I was really suprised and excited to see that they had some really  "authentic" izakaya food on the menu and at really reasonable prices.  We had some sushi rolls and the teppanyaki meal.  Having gone to Benihana and Tokyo Wako plenty of times, I have to tell you that they season their food better than the others.  Everything was perfectly cooked, the staff was friendly, and it was a great show.
5	Welcome to the finest Japanese restaurant in Las Vegas, possibly the entire country. We have visited this place several times over the past couple years. We are Vegas regulars and go out of our way to visit every time we are in town. There are two things that are absolutely outstanding at this restaurant and will blow your mind. First is the service, second is the food. The reason we started visiting here was a result of the owner/chef Tsutomu and his previous job. Prior to opening his own restaurant, he worked at the teppan grill in Hamada in the Flamingo. His personality, friendliness and cooking abilities were so impressive that we had to follow him to his new business. After just one visit, he remembered our names. The Chef constantly engages his customers, determines their level of comfort and works to reach it. There's really not words to describe how nice and accommodating he is to all his customers. It's obvious they get a lot of regulars as a result of this. It's also nice to see that the owner isn't just sitting the back doing nothing, he cooks on the grill more than anyone else and his wife works the hostess stand sometimes. One time, on our way out, she noticed we were calling a cab, and called it for us, telling them to step on it. All his staff are very polite and well trained. This is one of those rare places, outside my own home, where I always feel truly comfortable and welcome. When they aren't too busy in there, and cooking has finished, the owner will stay to chat for a while at the grill. If you want a remarkable experience for service, come here. I suggest you specifically request (even if you have to wait) for the owner to cook for you, instead of another staff member. It's worth the wait. Combine that kind of service, with the food, and you get a winning combination. All the food is excellent, beyond excellent. We cook a lot at home, and know good seasonings, versus salting everything. This guy truly has a talent. Everything from the salads, sushi and grill are recognizable dishes (especially if you've ever been to Benihana's) but with unique twists that give it really special flavors and bring out the ingredients' natural qualities. Even the salad, instead of the typical asian dressing, comes out with (what I think is) an apple flavored dressing. Every sauce in the entire restaurant is hand crafted from his original recipes. The salad and soup are great, but wait until you taste something off that grill. Just when you think he couldn't possibly do any more with the sauces, he adds about 10 more things and it smells even better. We've had the pleasure of him 'testing' his newer sauces on us a few times. Let me be very clear: best ever. We are talking about a culinary genius here. The owner has an honest passion for what he does. I've had steak, shrimp, scallops and even simple teriyaki chicken here, and each was better than the one before. The fried rice is a special treat too. I typically prefer white rice, but always look forward to the fried rice here. They have several sake and beer selections here. They get a lot of locals in there after midnight, and they are typically open after 2 or 3am. They enjoy a rowdy crowd in there, but we also took our grandmother and her friends in. The decor is quite nice, not over the top, but not cheesy, like most of these establishments. A cab ride, with tip, from a strip hotel will run you less than $20. I cannot recommend this place enough. It's a masterpiece in every way. The prices are moderate. I usually end up spending less than I thought I would, even though they seem high when I look at them. What more can you say about a restaurant with excellent service and the best food this side of the Pacific? Please give this place a try, it will blow you away.
5	This is a place that does Teppanyaki right. Rather than rushing through, they take their time and their quality of the food shows. The chef "Rico" was super nice and pleasant to talk to. The cooking performance was pretty  standard  but again, it's all about the food right. We had the NY Steak and Salmon combo. NY steak was tender and the salmon was impressively moist and tasty. We also got a side of Scallops which was awesome. Opt for the Fried rice, taste delicious (but greasy). . Their sushi was just ok so stick with the Teppanyaki. Enjoy this place
3	I've been here three times and every time the place has been empty and we can never figure out why.  We asked and apparently they are open really late and cater to the casino crowd getting off at midnight.  Anyways the first two times were excellent - unlike the other reviewers we didn't do teppenyaki and instead sat in the adjacent dining room.  They have a full fare menu from steaks to izakaya.   We ordered numerous dishes and almost everything was delicious.  This comes at a price of 30-50 a person keep in mind so it better be tasty.The third time we went we brought some family and the service was really bad - which is really crazy since the waitress even knew someone in our party.  It is a massive pet peeve of mine when service is poor and the restaurant is straight up empty.  This put a damper on the night, since a dish or two had to go back and it got painful.  *sigh*.  It woulda been 4 stars.  Why can't we find somewhere as good as Ichiza without a 45 minute wait!
5	Having been distracted all these years by the countless buffets, cheap eats, and namesake fine dining, I would never have walked into this place.  Hidden in a strip mall, this diamond in the rough is worth driving 4 hours from LA.  Not only did they offer great quality sashimi, but also killer rolls like the "Pornstar" and "Da Bomb."  They're open late too.  This place takes over my number 1 spot for sushi bumping off Katsuya in Encino.
5	San Diego is in dire need of places like this!I've never been to Vegas and considering I'm not even 21, why go? Well, I was there for a dance competition and the night we got to Vegas me and my family was starving! Oh handy Yelp to the rescue! There was no way we were going to eat at a chain restaurant so I looked up a local place. I picked Musashi and really hoped it was going to be good.Oh and it was! Their shrimp is to dieeee for. No joke. What is it they cook it with, honey mustard? Whatever it is, it is TASTY. I had Filet Mignon, my brother had NY steak w/ Scallops, mama had the same but with prawns, and pops had it with a salmon fillet. I tried a piece of their food and they were all good. Oh and DO choose the fried rice over steamed! Their fried rice was so yummy.Conclusion? This place beats Benihana any day. I personally don't even like Benihana and this place just hits the teppanyaki spot. I've been exposed to pretty good Teppanyaki spots back in Guam, and it's good to know that there's one in the mainland that is just as good. Plus the service was great! Maybe we were lucky, but my parents never had an empty cup of hot tea. Now our check was huge (like YUUUUUGE), but it was worth it.Did I mention our chef was cute and entertaining?
5	This is absolutely the best. Now this is a place where they take real pride in their food.  Tomo was the best.. Hilarious and everything he cooked was heaven. he brought out 3 different kinds of hot sauces that he just invented that day and man... you cant get much better than this. The one thing you can't do is say..." hey this is better than benihana's" or any such comparison.. Benihanas is nowhere near the same level. This is an experience and a half. And even though i could barely walk out the door because i was so full.. i was already planning my return trip....MUSASHI's is the BEST!.
5	The owner, Tsutomu, used to work at another Japanese Restaurant we used to frequent. My cousin told me he opened his own spot, so the wifey and I dropped in a few months ago for the first time...Unfortunately, when we got in, Tsutomu already had a table (teppan yaki), so we decided to sit on the restaurant side.Food was good, drinks were good...Didnt get to dabble in the sushi, as the wife is pregnant, so she can't eat the raw stuff...Definitely a spot we'll stop in to eat, every time we're in Vegas...Oh, I should mention, they stay open super late (4am), including the teppan yaki!
5	This is the BEST teppan-style cooking I have ever experienced, and I have experienced a lot.Musashi is to Benihana what Ruth's Chris is to Sizzler.We were fortunate to have the owner as our chef. He gave us the standard 2 sauces a la most teppan places... then proceeded to make 3 different special sauces on the table.We told him we liked it spicy and he brought out a special sauce from the back that he had made earlier that day. To die for.His knifework is also no joke. He is a true showman and takes pride in his presentation, unlike so many other teppan chefs who are just trying to get through their shift. I highly recommend you order the Musashi Special, which is filet mignon, prawns, scallops, and a whole lobster tail, along with the usual other stuff.A good starter appetizer (if you like spicy stuf) is the Firecracker - jalapenos stuffed with spicy tuna and cream cheese.Prices are in line with other teppan joints. I will visit Musashi every time I am in Vegas from now on, and you should too.
5	Love this place! Chef Yung was awesome. In town for a bachelorette party. The chef made several dishes in some "special" shapes just for the single ladies at the table. ;-)Had trouble getting a cab to pick us up since the restaurant is off-strip, but well worth the minor inconvenience.
5	best tappanyaki in vegas,chef tomo is an awesome chef.i always dine after midnite when they go back to the lunch menu.very reasonbally priced .fillet minion is very good as well as ny steak and shrimp,both under $16,cant beat it
3	slightly overrated.three friends from San Francisco go in search of the 3rd best steak restaurant in the country (according to the Travel Channel's "Food Paradise.") so how did Musashi stand up?the good -- the food. a big reason to go to a teppanyaki restaurant is for the prized Kobe beef, right? unfortunately, our trio took a nasty hit at the blackjack tables earlier that day, and so we weren't feeling as flexible with our spending. i decided to settle for the more affordable filet mignon and shrimp combination, the Hosokawa clan special,  which came with miso, salad, fried rice, and assorted veggies. the shrimp was ridiculously fresh and the accompanying sauces were outstanding. the filet? i felt it was more medium than medium rare, but then again you aren't dealing with massive slices of red porterhouse you would get at a Texas-style beefhouse. the wasabi-mustard sauce was THE standout and none of us were severely burned from the "flaming onion volcano." all in all, the food was good. not great, not outstanding, but good. the ok -- the service. we sat down for drinks in their lounge and asked about sake and beer selections for the group. our host/server was a little elusive in their answer, until we asked about house favorites to which the reply was: "well, i don't really like sake or beer. i only drink hard liquor." my immediate thoughts were: "come on. at least TRY and humor us or ask someone else in the joint for their opinion. not suitable." ok, so maybe she was having an off night and it didn't really reflect the service from the rest of the staff. but in the end, our sake/beer questions remained unanswered by the restaurant. thank god for iPhones. the really not-so-good -- the wait. i normally attribute abnormally lengthy waits as anomalies, but this one bordered on the absurd and essentially killed the experience. we scheduled 8:00pm reservations (after being denied a 7:30pm and an 8:30pm timeslot) and arrived around 7:58pm. after the hostess told us it would be about a 30 minute delay for the chef to finish up with another group, we were ushered in to the lounge (see "the ok") where we proceeded to wait about 45 minutes. after drinks, we were escorted to the grill where i was under the impression things would be heating up. alas, i hovered my hand over the grill only to find it ice-cold. after about a 15 minute wait we were informed that the chef needed 6 more people to join us before he could start cooking and the next party was due to arrive at 9:30pm. it was around 9:45pm before our grill was finally fired up. sure, the staff was genuinely polite through our wait, but that didn't help the fact that i had been running solely on an Encore Cafe Caesar salad and about five Sapporos since 1pm. the verdict: it didn't excatly bust our budget and the food was good, but the collective feeling of our party (led by yours truly) was that Musashi is a slightly overhyped experience. maybe next time i'll try the Kobe beef.
1	HORRIBLE. Made a reservation but still had to wait close to 45 min. The place smelled TERRIBLE, like a rotten incense, it was over whelming. It so was bad that the staff apologized, comped our meal, and gave us cab fair back!!! Food was ok. It might have been an off day for Musashi, but I just can't recomend them to anyone. Yolies & Firefly are in the same parking lot and they are both excellent!! Go there instead.
1	We were there with a large group, which I'm willing to allow some service issues for, since it's tough serving about 20 people all at once. However, our orders were taken by group so it was divided up pretty reasonably. We were at a table of six.We order donburi almost all the way around, except we had one Japanese pizza order, which sounded interesting. I received my chirashi probably 20-30 minutes at least if not longer, before anything else came out of the kitchen (my wife sent it back to be chilled since it was out so long). Next came the tempura and some of the other food including some fried rice. The Japanese pizza was nowhere to be seen.The food was adequate. And I should have known better, but the sushi was not great.  The tempura was no worse then anything I've had before, but the selection of tempura was lame - a mix of broccoli and shrimp with maybe a potato (?) or something. No carrot, no beans, nothing else in the vegetable department. The shrimp tempura, however, was slightly mushy. After nearly an hour the Japanese pizza came out and was immediately returned because the dough was not cooked. At all. When queried they said the delay was caused by the time it takes to cook the dough. Clearly that was not the case. It is frustrating to be told the order was put in at the same time as the rest of the orders, yet when you finally receive the dish it clearly hasn't been cooked properly and clearly was rushed to the table. It was replaced with some tempura which was fine.The worst part, and the part that hurts the review, was after the meal we all felt sick to our stomachs, rendering us useless for almost two hours.Suffice to say, we won't be returning and I have warned off the rest of my friends.
3	The food was good, quail eggs wrapped in bacon and the Shaggy Dog roll are what I had. The service could be WAY better. Basically if you aren't shelling out cash for teppanyaki they take a little bit longer to pay attention to you.
5	I've brought friends here from out of town who ask to come back whenever they visit again!The owner is typically the one preparing our food at the teppan tables, and man can he cook! Not only is he honestly hilarious, he will prepare your food exactly how you desire. You'll leave more full than you probably want to, because the sauces he makes are absolutely delicious. It's not your basic meal like you get at Benihana - he truly takes pride in his food.Do note, though, that it does sometimes take quite awhile for the tables to fill up, so you will be waiting even with reservations. Also, they're open really late and have great deals on late-nite dining.
5	love the teppanyaki, the owner gets pissed when i talk about benihana...(sorry tomo) hah. but it is a great rest. to go to, along with being over til 4:00am. its a great spot to eat, and happy hour specials. the garlic sesame sauce they make is extremely delicious
5	Sushi is one of our mainstay foods especially when we travel and are eating late at night. And Mushashi really caters to the late night crowd. If you can sit at the bar, ask for Roberto. We've watched him evolve into a really great sushi chef, and we really like the interaction we have here. Be sure to inquire as to the "belly" fish on hand - it's the best sushi.Happy hour starts at 11:00 pm till 4:00 am - and they have a special menu for the occasion, meaning that two can eat very well for $30.00 or less. Never eaten at the Tappan bar, so can't comment on that side of the house.
4	the good:-the food is AMAZING (try the steak... and im not even a meat-eater. it comes with shrimp, which were somehow, amazingly, crafted into little bunnies, veggies and fried rice, plus tons of delicious sauces)-the sushi rolls (try the spicy california or the classic avo-cuc); its just inflated here by 2.5x-the drinks (try any of their sake-tinis like the apple or pomegranate. they are light, fruity and you cant taste the alcohol... so be careful not to down it like a 5-year-old with a juicebox) -the teppan chef was SO entertaining; you could tell he really enjoys it and everyone at our table had a blast. he jokes with you, makes shapes, tells stories with the food and even does the oldie-but-goody onion volcano (ask for TIGER WOO; hes got props!)-the bathroom; so clean, so nicethe bad:-the wait; we waited an hour before the chef even came out, even though we had reservations and the other half of the teppanyaki bar came in after us but they got served first -the smell; when you walk into this place, it smells like a stink-bomb went off-off the strip so take a cab -the bill! that stuff adds up quickly so plan to spend at least $50/person. and consequently... -the 18% mandatory gratuity (i know we had a party of 8 but it never stated anywhere that they were including the tip and the chef walked off with $40 cash plus 18% from each of us... the 8 of us split into 4 bills)
3	My girlfriend and I went here a couple of months ago for dinner. I really wanted to like this place because it isn't Benihana and I thought I would get a great experience from an independent tepanyaki place. Also, I saw this place on the Travel Channel and thought it would be a good idea to give it a try.Our chef was the owner, (the one they showed on the Travel Channel episode) who I have to say was very entertaining with his wit and tricks, BUT the food was not that great. The main issue I had was that the majority of the food was over cooked. The shrimp that he made look like little bunnies, sat on the grill for way too long and actually started to darken and toughen up.The fried rice had hard pieces in it because it sat on the grill too long as well. We both ordered the filet for our entrees and it was overcooked from how we requested it.I was pleased that he offered a variety of sauces but that didn't take away from the over cooking of the main dishes.Aside from the chef being more entertaining, I would have been happy to have gone to a Benihana instead. I don't know if this was a fluke or not and I may give this place another chance but based on my one experience, I would be hard pressed to not go somewhere else.
5	Alot of these reviews for Musashi, mention the feature on the Travel Channel. This is another one of those reviews. It was a few months back when I saw it on TV. But still had it in my memory to come here on my next trip to Vegas. I'm so glad I remembered to come here, Musashi did not disappoint. I've been to a few tepenyaki place before, this one had to top my list of best tepenyaki style restaurants. I called to make reservations, just about 30 mins ahead of time with no problem. This was on a Thursday night, so I'm sure on weekends, you probably want to make a bit more of an advance reservation. Once we got there, we were seated immediately and waited a few mins for other reservations to fill our community table. Me and my friends ordered a few appetizers and sushi before our meals. Yaka-tori skewers...tiny portion but delicious! We ordered our main entrees, and a few minutes after the Tepenyaki chef came out with a tray full of fresh meats and sauces. The tepen chef spoke broken English, and sometimes was a bit hard to understand but enough for him to make it an enjoyable dinner. He was funny and friendly. He even had the "barrel-man" to make us laugh...and for you ol' school Filipinos out there, you know the "barrel-man". lol! I had the chicken and prawns with fried rice, my other friends had the new york steak, and salmon and prawns. All of it awesome! Put it like this, by the end of the dinner all of us sitting at the table had empty plates and full stomaches! The infusion of sauces were incredible. The cooking and entertainment were all bonuses. if you've never eaten at a tepenyaki style restaurant, I highly suggest you give it a try, especially if your in Vegas next time. Try Musashi Like they said on the travel channel, top tepenyaki style restaurant in the nation. I would have to agree!
3	Based on Yelp ratings, "Meh I've experienced better," fits this place to a T.  It gets an extra star for it's service.Note, this is not the tapenyaki part of the restaurant, but rather the other side...Meager portions in the agedashi tofu, the Hamachi Kama, was fishy.The filet mignon was nothing to write home about to be frank about it.But I will say the servers were very friendly and prompt.
4	I wish I can split up the review into 2 parts: the food, and the service.The food:  Amazing.  Best teppanyaki place I've ever been to, in terms of food.  I got fried rice, lobster tail, and filet mignon.  Even the vegetables were excellent. The service: Subpar.  I made reservations for 8, and we still waited about an hour from the moment we entered the restaurant until the chef showed up.  When you walk in, the smell is pretty bad, like rotting fish or something.  The staff was very polite though.  However, we had a chef who could not stop making pretty vulgar sexual innuendos to the ladies in our group, making them very uncomfortable.  It was highly unprofessional, and it didn't stop even after he was done cooking.
5	Holy crap this place is good.  I've been to a few teppanyaki places and I have yet to find one I like, but wow this place is the real deal.The chef was friendly and definitely had a vegas flair (lots of sex jokes) to his repertoire.  I had a combo meal and even though this place was a little expensive, it was definitely worth it.  This is gonna be one of the places I always go to when in vegas since I have yet to find a teppanyaki place I enjoy in the bay area.
2	We came here after seeing it on the travel channel. It happened to be down the street from our condo. The place was smaller than what I thought. we ordered filet, lobster combo and chicken. The food was pretty tasty and the entertainment was good. But i have never been a fan of teppenyaki. This place is also open to 4am.
1	Nice service, but the food/entertainment was sub-par. $90 for 2 people, don't think I'd like to go back. Food TV did a whole bit on it and it wasn't as cracked up to be. :(
2	Food is consistently good and they're open late.  It's almost always social on the teppen side or if you just want to eat a quiet meal they have full service on the sushi side.  Musashi is just a cool local place that is friendly and if you keep going back you will see the same people eating there....WOW, I had to edit.  Musashi has gone down hill this year.  Service has gotten quite terrible.  I feel like there is no communication between the chefs and the waitresses.  They will tell you it is a 5 minute wait and have you waiting over 30 mins to an hour, this actually happened more than once.  The chicken hasn't been good ( I can't explain why except to say it tastes cheap)  And the tables/chairs are falling apart and they don't care.  Take a look at the long table in the dining area.  The finish is wrecked and it looks like the table is filthy.  Buy a new table!
5	Wow. Amazing food and exceptional service!On our first night in Vegas, my husband's friend took us here for dinner. Apparently, this restaurant was featured on the Travel Channel, and is the usual go-to place for performers, poker players, etc. during late hours. The decor is very simple and clean. It's a pretty small place. But here, I guess the food speaks for itself. The chef is very personable and friendly. He has a great sense of humor and mad skills on the grill! The food is cooked on a large tepan grill right in front of you. (Think Benihana.)  My husband and I shared an ahi poki salad and the Teppanyaki Musashi Special which included filet mignon, lobster tail, prawns, and scallops with two sides of fried rice. The filet mignon was grilled perfectly to a medium-rare...very juicy. The lobster tail and prawns were succulent. And I'm usually not a fan of scallops but they were fantastic! Very flavorful and tender. I also really love how the chef chops everything into bite-size pieces before putting it on your plate. He also had so many different secret sauces to compliment each type of food. My absolute favorite was a sweet and tangy pineapple mayo-based sauce that I ate with everything. The food was sooo flavorful and delicious. It also had a slightly charred flavor due to the grill which I really like. I was salivating from beginning until end. (I'm salivating while I'm writing this review.) Mind you, the fried rice...which I didn't expect to be anything special...was phenomenal!! I would come here after a long drunken night just for a bowl of the hearty, buttery fried rice. I've been craving for it ever since.I know that a lot of people never leave the strip when they visit Vegas, but it's totally worth it if you enjoy great Japanese food and live entertainment while dining. I can't wait to come back!
5	Visited for the first time recently and was amazed with the food and the wonderful service.  The owner, Tsutomu, cooked for us at the teppanyaki grill and was extremely outgoing and talented!!!  The food was incredible and cooked to perfection.  He has a wide variety of homemade sauces that compliment the dishes perfectly!!  I will definitely be going back everytime I visit Las Vegas.  I also ate at Shibuya in the MGM on this trip and it didn't even come close to Musashi!!!!!  The prices were WAY better at Musashi, as was the food and service, too!!!!  I highly recommend Musashi!!!  I also recommend reservations!
4	Heard about this place from yelp and decided to try it. Took a short 10 minute walk from las Vegas convention center to some of the best sushi off the strip. The restaurant was clean an the service was excellent. Allen, my server, was outstanding!  He made some great recommendations including the Hamachi Kama, Jalapeno Poppers, etc.  Sushi was fresh and good.  When I was in the restaurant it was an early Saturday evening. It appeared to be very slow but Allen assured me that business get's brisk as the night goes on.  Musashi is open till 4 AM and is some of the best Sushi you can find off the Strip.  Try it and enjoy...BTW, Allen even took the time to call a cab for me to get to the airport.  Service at it's best.
2	I was told by a close family friend that I needed to give this place a try, he told me that they do teppanyaki style cooking and one of the things that he kept raving to me about were the sauces, which they make in front of you, that went really well with the different dishes.  He was raving about the food quality, the freshness of the ingredients and how it was a whole caliber above other teppanyaki chains.  Walking in we saw the swanky and posh interior, and I felt we could look forward to an awesome meal.  Unfortunately, me and my g/f this was as good as it was going to get, and left here very disappointed, which was unfortunate considering my family friend really hyped us up and considering we saw all the positive yelp reviews.  I will say we did go do go during lunch and maybe as a result you don't get the full experience that the dinner crowd gets, but I with all honesty I am basing most rating on the quality of the food we received.We walked in and got seated fairly quickly, as there was a group of other walk-ins sitting and waiting.  I talked to the others sitting there, and found out one couple was sitting there for about 10 minutes and the other group of three people had been there for almost 30 minutes and still hadn't taken their order.  So needless to say, the other groups seemed slightly irritated because of the wait, but I guess I can see how it isn't exactly cost effective to do teppanyaki cooking for just two or three people.  But still sitting that long can be a little irritating.The soup was a little on the salty side for my tastes, the soy sauce kinda covered up the overall flavors of the dish.  The lunch combination also came with some fried rice which was hot, and did have some crispy rice pieces, which was a nice thing, but I felt that the flavoring was a bit on the bland side.  The sauces that my friend told us about weren't being made in front of us, they were coming out of a squeeze bottle, one being miso based and the other tasted a little soy-citrus base... both were good, but didn't find it much different from the same sauces you get at Benihana.  The chef we got that day didn't seem that into it, he was there and cooking it, but didn't say very much or do much interacting with the guests at the table.  The only reason I bring this up, is that teppanyaki is supposed to be a show, part of the reason you usually pay for this is to be entertained while you eat.The chef continued on and started to make or meals, I had tried some of the vegetable stir fry that my g/f ordered, probably the best thing I had during this meal, the veggies were well cooked, not over done and rubbery, nice light char on it and pretty well seasoned.  If I knew what was to follow I would have stopped eating here.  Next came the Steak and Prawns - While I went and asked for medium rare, he served it well down, the steak was a brick and the prawns were overcooked and rubbery.  My g/f and I shared a side a scallops which were once again, over cooked.  No moisture left in the disk shape brick we were given, it was inedible, we didn't bother finishing the dish.I was really disappointed in the meal, I really had high expectations for place based on the reviews and recommendation that I got.  I really wanted to like this place because I wanted to come back and do a late night food run and try their Okonomiyaki.  But after have such a bad lunch experience I don't think any amount of booze and drunk munchies could get me to come back on this trip.  Ill give them a try down the road for dinner, maybe it will be better experience...  But in the mean time I gotta go call my friend and give him a hard time about that recommendation.
3	Went here about a month ago for my cousin's birthday.  I didn't eat anything, so this isn't a full review.  I ordered a lychee saketini.  I don't like sake, but I love lychees.  It was a little sweet but enjoyable.  Based on the drink and what I saw of other people's dishes, I give this place 3 stars.  I'll have to update if I ever actually eat here.  However, with so many great sushi places around Vegas, that's probably not likely.
5	So evidently this place was on the food channel or the travel channel or some channel that I don't watch. My step-mom saw it and wanted to take my dad for his b-day. Whatever...free dinner is free dinner and a bad ass free dinner is even better. I guess you could call it Benihana style for those that don't know what tappanyaki (sic.) is. However this place is about a million times better...My step mom asked for the guy that was on tv and he treated us amazing...The entire meal was amazing. The Chef...the head chef whose name I can't remember was f'n awesome and it was just a great experience. The place is a bit off the strip but well worth the money and the time. Your tummy will thank you!
4	Went hear for lunch with the bf for our anniversary and I didn't necessarily have strong opinions about this place.The food was delicious.  Our teppan chef cooked our steak PERFECTLY.  I don't think I've ever had steak so tender.  He was really nice.  He let us know that bean sprouts are good for, I guess a man's virility, and showed us his Barrel Man.  That was the funniest thing ever.  My chicken had an awesome sauce on it and it was just all around good.  I can't necessarily put my finger on what exactly it was I like about the whole meal.  The service was at first prompt.  During and after we were finished eating though it took forever for our waters to be filled and our server disappeared and turned into a hispanic man.  I guess they save the fancy cloth napkins for their evening diners though because we got the cheapo paper napkins.  We didn't get a fancy show because it was just us in the restaurant and because it was the lunch menu.  All-in-all it was a pleasant experience and I'm willing to go back for dinner some day.
1	Having read multiple, positive reviews for this establishment, I had high expectations when arriving for dinner, even after I was treated somewhat brusquely when making a reservation. Yet even low expectations would have been sorely disappointed. We were seated with a later party (around the Teppan chef's area) so as to make our visit "more leisurely." They then preceded to seat (and serve) party after party ahead of us. The three of us waited about an hour before paying our drinks bill and leaving, after repeatedly being told that our chef (and food) were "almost there."Unfortunately, everyone else at our station (maybe an additional half dozen people) was also kept waiting, and I suspect they left soon after. Which is a shame, because the food smelled good. Sadly, they just never served us any.I recommend Ruth's Chris instead - it's just a few doors down, and they actually seem to serve all of their customers food.
3	went here a lil after midnight with a few friends during Happy Hour because we were hungry and we couldnt find anything that was open. I cant rememer the names of the sushi I got but everything tasted ok and the cheap mai tais were good as well. I had a bout 2 orders of sushi, 2 mai tais, and an appetizer for about $20...not bad! The atmosphere was dim and they place looked nice. I would go again for happy hour.
2	This place should be great judging from the reviews, prices should be reasonable since it is slightly off-strip, sort of in convention-land.  The prices were a little higher than I was expecting but hey when in Vegas live it up.  I had the Samurai Special with Prawns, my steak to be medium-rare.  The salad that came with it was decisively not fresh, eh what is the point of stale greens.  The steak came out medium well, and the shrimp was a bit on the dry side, the meat was covered with garlic almost to the point of taking away from the flavor of the meat.  The service was the only thing that was okay, otherwise there are plenty of other spots around that would worth the hard fought money you took away from the casinos.
5	Been here twice and both times were nice.Did my 21st birthday dinner here and it was good. Everything was  cooked well and the sauces are great. I had shrimp and scallops and I'm really particular about people over cooking seafood but it was right where it should be- perfectly cooked scallops are hard to find!. He would tell us random drunk stories and how he got his job- apparently the owner is his brother in law. He doesnt seem to have a tight routine show as some of the other teppan-tainers but kinda fun winging it feel. It has some appeal that hes personal with us, like he's a buddy telling us his misadventures while they're hosting dinner. 2nd time was we had a visitor so the whole family- my bf, his mom and grandma and his uncle from Amsterdam came here so our visitor can experience something different. This time we had Tiger, the owner. I got shrimp and steak this time and it was pretty good again.  His routine is the best, but its a show routine hes had time to put down. He also had a few extra sauces that the first time we did not get and fried potatoes. My BF does not like fat usually (but I do!) - here they get the fat if you order a NY steak and cut it up and reduce it down and put sauce on it....he loved it! Not too fatty/greasy at all, but more of a tasty concentrated morsel of beefy flavor in teriyaki sauce.  Our guest was happy and mom and grandma liked it. They are light eaters and they allowed them to split an entree which was perfect for them so just a tip for light eaters to maybe see if you can share. Even for me, a big eater, one meal combo gets me hella stuffed! THEORY ABOUT LUNCH:Seems like a lot of the bad reviews are from the lunch time. From what I know about teppans lunches are usually the times when the novice teppan cooks are up to practice on smaller crowds. Could explain the difference in pricing from lunch to dinner here and a lot of comments that it wasn't so entertaining and more just cooking . Some of the same ingredients, but maybe dinner are the skilled chefs who know how to entertain and cook (the owner after all usually mans one of the teppans at dinner).For a entertaining experience and quality control warrants a higher price- to me its fair. Havent confirmed this, but just a theory about trainees and maybe I'll ask next time I'm there as well as try to catch a lunch teppan to really rate this place as a whole. I'm sure though dinner isn't always perfect either. I've been cooking for a long time and like to talk, but when guests and distractions are about even I can f*** up some of my star dishes. So far my experiences have been good here and I have been to a lot of teppan spots.Dinner prices are fair- even Benihana charges comparable rates for combos meats at dinner time so its not pricier than another teppan, but I feel I get better quality here and Tiger is awesome. I like that you can go all out and have a wide range of teppan meats here unlike others, but I probably would not go and spend the hundred for the kobe. I enjoy the seafood platters though so I'll probably splurge on a lobster tail eventually. Fun for big parties, 2nd time we shared with another small party, but they were cool peeps so no complaints about that, but just more fun when it's only among friends.Coming back to try a lunch teppan and would love to do the late night small plates in the dining side.
4	I was there for sushi so I was seated in the dining room which was separate from the tappan area, which was good because it was pretty loud and roudy in there and cooking smell was a bit heavy.  The dining room is nice a cozy with soothing traditional music in the background.My waitress was very polite, attentive and friendly.The selection of rolls were impressive and well made.  The fish was fresh and as usual I ordered more than I could handle -- I just wanted to sample as much as I can on the menu.Sure it's off the strip, but the food and service were good and the prices are very reasonable.They even have happy hour and late night specials and the restaurant is open until 3am.I will definitely return!
4	The low down is this place has excellent sushi for a reasonable price and the late night menu is greatest draw with its long hours and half off prices. Read on if you want to know more...THIS IS THE REVIEW YOU WANT TO READ!! First let me start by saying that this place and Ichiza are my 2 favorite sushi places in town and this review is worth the read if your planning on getting sushi here. I have eaten here countless times for late night sushi over the last year usually 1-2 times a week. They have amazing prices for their late night menu which is active from 11pm till 4am EVERYDAY! I go here for the happy hour plain and simple. I have never tried the teppanyaki side of the place. I have been when the place is busy and over half full and I have been when I was the only group there. In my many visits I have had a few long waits for food and check but they have been few and far between. Just like any other place they can get busy or be understaffed and its easy to forget that they also have to serve the teppanyaki side of the restaurant which can sometimes lead to waiting. The service has always been good and I have never had a rude server for any of my visits. The sushi chef's here are very consistent and it is always enjoyable. Once again like any other place it can have its off days with the sushi as well. I am pleased to report that 95% of the time I greatly enjoy the sushi and the 5% that I did not greatly enjoy the sushi it is still good and well worth the price. As I have said the late night menu is excellent for the price which I will now explain further to give you a grasp of the bill you should expect. The happy hour menu is loosely half off all items listed (this is to say a $7 roll might be $3.50 or it may be $4). If you like sushi as much as I do then you can leave like a overstuffed thanksgiving turkey with a very decent variety or rolls and appetizers for about $20 a person. The late night menu has roughly 30 food items on it with the majority priced under $5 per order. The sushi chef's here are willing to make what you want almost anyway you want it. If a roll you like isn't on the menu ask about it and if they can make it then will! If you want a roll fried just ask and chances are they will fry it for you. Overall the place is great and I love it there. I would recommend it to any friend with the same word I have written here.My happy hour order consistently contains the following rolls and I suggest them to if you don't know what you want. The Ninja roll is my all time favorite (spicy tuna roll that has been breaded and fried). The regular Spicy Tuna roll is always great. For the fans of not spicy things the Christian roll and Washington rolls are excellent choice! If your looking for something that will have you think "Refreshing" order the Alaskan roll.Thank you for reading my review over and if you try this place out I hope you enjoy it as much as I do!
4	This place was pretty good for the bucks...pretty lonely inside and we had a cool waiter that was knowledgeable about the rolls and what we were interested in. I would recommend the Ninja roll it was Spicy Tuna, sweet and with a spicy kick at the end.
4	benihana's is completey overrated in CA... we need more Tepan places like this.If you're looking for a good sushi/steak/tepan grill place off the strip, this is the place to hit up.  Everything about it was memorable... the food, the crowd, the service and the chefs (REQUEST FOR TIGER, he is the master of all Tepan Grills lol)SUSHI... they have a roll called "OMG" ... when that plate came to the table it made me say OMG ... when i ate a piece of the roll, it made me say OMG... so basically we now know where the name came fromIt can get a bit pricey, but you can always share :)
5	we had a great experience here. food and service were awesome. request tiger to be your cook. he's the owner and very entertaining.
5	My Hubby and I LOVE teppan food, so when we stumbled upon Musashi on our vacation we knew it would be good, but didn't realize it would be THIS good.  Service has been great no matter who we get.  Everyone's given a great show, and we make sure that we hit this place up every time we come into town.  The food is amazing, my hubby loves the sushi, but the BEST part of this place is the sauces they make.  This last time we went they had 5-6 sauces ranging from mild to flavor-filled spicy.  Every sauce was amazing and they cook them right on the grill in front of you.  This last time we found out they're open till early in the morning which is great when we come in late to Vegas and are hungry.  We HIGHLY recommend this place!!!! BEWARE...TON OF FOOD!!! LOVE IT!!! Wish there was one in Orange County!! hint hint!
5	The best Teppanyaki I've ever had! Been to many Teppanyaki places in the world. The flavor is the key to the success of this establishment. You may come across similar Teppanyaki tricks but Musashi has plenty of unique tricks too!I've tried the V.I.P. special and Musashi Special. The V.I.P. special is the Kobe beef and lobster tail. The Musashi special is the filet mignon, lobster tail, prawns and scallops. Both come with a house soup, salad and choice of ice cream. The house salad is topped with an Apple ginger dressing. It has a nice sweet flavor. Kobe beef so smooth and almost like butter in your mouth. Filet mignon very tender but a slight difference between Kobe and Filet. Hard to explain you'd have to try both to understand.Musashi separates itself from the competition because of it's unique style, and taste. They made two sauces right in front me, I couldn't get enough of. First sauce a garlic sesame sauce, second was the teriyaki sauce. They offer a couple other sauces for those who like it spicy but nothing too over powering. If you're going to Musashi, don't sell yourself short by going into the dining room. The Teppan room is where you want to be, the Teppan room is where you should only be; no exceptions. Steaks are their specialty! Make sure you reserve a spot in the Teppan room. Ask for Chef Tsutomu or chef Young. Call ahead of time for Chef Tsutomu, he owns the place and is the mastermind behind it all. Thus he's always, always busy. Both of these guys are great cooks. The restaurant is very clean, service is awesome, staff is very kind and courteous. Keep up the good food Musashi! I can't wait to go back. As far as prices go, do yourself a favor, enjoy the good food and live a little!
4	Such a feast! Stop waiting in those never-ending lines to those generic restaurants on the strip. Hop into a cab and get to Musashi. The food was A+. We had the Chili Tempura, Vegetable entree and the fried rice. The miso soup that it came with was smoky and perfect. The sauces - they need a review of their own!! Go ahead and try all of them, my favorite was the red chili hot sauce. Smokin' hot. Our chef was John, and he was a hoot. I'm definitely going back the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	fresh.. & pretty fairly priced.  not the best sushi i've had.nothing special with the miso.  [of all things to look for something special i had to say the miso right?]- tempura calamari for an appetizer..dope. calamari is super tender.  it came with about 6 pieces [french toast sticks size]then we tried a deep fried assorted stuffed with assorted fish sushi that came in 2, 6.. etc. it was decent.  a lot going on.   I don't remember the name but the sushi is shaped as a fish. :) I thought that was interesting.- tuna poke salad!wasn't the best I've ever had. but still yummy!     -I had a rainbow roll-husband had an eel roll & a chicken terriyaki bowl  and at the end of all that.  plates were empty and we were super satisfied. excellente.
4	Musashi's was on one of the travel/ Food channels, can't remember which one but they were on there and when people from out of town visit, they request to eat here. Reservations are recommended because sometimes, even with a reservation, you can wait 45 mins to an hour... Yea, it's happened to us. What can you do, they're popular! The place has a noticeably funky smell as soon as you enter the restaurant, like gas or something... But once you're seated, you're away from that area and all seems fine. Service is always great and they're real friendly. It's a but pricey, for two people, you can spend about $70-$90 for food and non-alcoholic drinks. My husband usually does the Teppanyaki and I order sushi. From what I've heard, Musashi is known for their sauces, for Teppanyaki. Those sauces are GREAT. There was a lemon garlic sauce that they made and it was AWESOME. I love garlic. Sushi isn't bad. I always order the spicy scallop roll. On occasion, you can see a local celebrity, someone that performs on the strip... i.e. that magician, can't remember his name though... LOL Great once in awhile, guaranteed to burn a hole in your pockets if you eat here all the time.
5	It seems like most of people go to Musashi for the Teppanyaki & I also enjoy how the Chef, Tsutomu, entertains the customers with his humour at the grill table!!   His buttery sesame garlic sauce with lime & brandy is one of my favorites!!Well, I am a Sushi+Sashimi lover, so occasionally,  I sit down at the sushi bar and  enjoy my meal after I get off work.  Nightly, Scott (sushi chef) makes incredible dishes and I don't need to tell him what I want.. he just creates fabulous sashimi dishes and I love to try out anything that he makes.  He is one of my favorite sushi men in town :)I had my birthday dinner (they have a small private room right next to the sushi bar, probably 10-12 ppl can fit in there) few years ago and everything was great!!
1	So we had free drinks so this place must be good right?  No.The drinks were only free because we walked out after being treated rudely.We made reservations for 8pm and were there 10 minutes early.  We were told that the table was not ready and we would need to wait a few minutes in the lounge.  We ordered a few drinks and continued to wait as the lounge filled up with others waiting.  We finished our drinks and were ready for more but realized it was already past 830 and we had plans later.I approached the podium and calmly said we had 800 reservations it is now 830 and we were told it would only be a few minutes at 750.  I asked when we would be seated.  The guy at the podium was haughty and replied with "whenever it is ready."  Some others that were waiting had overheard our exchange and began talking saying they had been waiting since 730.  I headed to my party of 6 and told them that we would be leaving right now.  As we pasted by the podium another party had approached the podium.  I announced to all listening that we were not waiting and leaving.We headed across the street to Del Frisco's, one of the best steakhouses in Vegas.  They were friendly and sat us right away.  The service was a stark juxtaposition to those across the street.  Musashi's was just another example of the horrible service at a lot of the places in Vegas.
5	LOVED this place. LOVED IT, LOVED IT, LOVED IT! Travel Channel's "Steak Paradise" had convinced me to go, and I'm glad I did!Went for my 30th birthday dinner with my boyfriend (at *midnight*), and even though it wasn't packed, AND it was late, our chef made sure we had a great time. The sauces were delicious (some of them even freshly made right in front of you), and even though I'm more of a NY strip steak  kinda girl, I actually preferred my boyfriend's filet. I can't wait to go back!
5	Best in town by far.
4	Today i was in the mood to go eat shabu-shabu. So since I didn't know of any good places here in las vegas, I of course had to do my research. I actually first looked up on citysearch to only discover that there were only very few places in Vegas that  served shabu-shabu. So I read my reviews and compared the ratings. ( I base my judgement on the majority of positive votes and also making sure the reviews stood on genuine and honest answers, since I tend to stray away from overly opinionated reviews where I feel that it almost leans on a more negative and very personal scale ) So i came across Musashi ..and I said "why not". So read the menu and their specials which goes during certain times of the day and since it was early I would be able to make it to the lunch menu. I was totally convinced and gung-ho about my shabu-shabu all until i finished reading the menu.  which i found pretty impressive because it was very extensive. So I ended up changing my mind and went for the teppanyaki menu instead.So I arrive there and I am seated to the teppanyaki table, and there was already a party group seated, mind you I am alone and the chef greets everyone and is very friendly. The people actually at the table were pretty friendly too and happened to be local regulars also. I order the New york steak well done with shrimp ( $17 ) that includes your soup, fried rice and veggies.. and that offer goes until 3 p.m.  As the chef cooks he was very entertaining and his stories were just as entertaining also, just the way I like it. =)  He kept making and suggesting all these different sauces to go with your meals and I tell you they were so so sooo good.  In the end there were about 7 different sauces to go with my food. My favorite one was the sesame with lemon..it was fantastic! The steak came out tender and just-right, the fried rice was amazing and balanced, the shrimp was wonderful, the veggies weren't overcooked, I enjoyed every bite and morsel, all and in between the variations of sauces. I ate up every single thing on my plate.  What also  made it such a great experience for my first time visit was that there were many laughs shared. The chef and the party made me feel comfortable too. Its always nice to know there are genuine people out there and especially when they are grouped together. I had such a wonderful and great experience with the staff, the customers, and my food.. So of course, with my research, I pat myself on the back cause I've done my homework well and by also completing a very satisfied appetite. I am definitely going back and trying other things on the menu. This time I'm bringing in my husband and our friends. Spreading the word about this wonderful place.  * Very satisfied customer indeed * yay! =)
4	I was in a mood for some sushi and I friend had told me about this place.  So I decided to try it out.  I went there on a Saturday night about 12ish and I guess it was happy hour, which was kinda nice and different from other places.  They have decent amount of choices on the happy hour menu, but there's many more on the regular menu.  The decor inside the place can definitely improve, very plain and seemed outdated.  The service was good, I'm guessing since there weren't that many people.  The shaggy dog was delish, and OMG, the OMG was super delicious.  It was definitely a great value since it was happy hour.  So I will definitely go back.
5	Definitely the best hibachi steakhouse I've eaten at when Tiger is cooking; it's still very good when you get a different chef, but a meal with Tiger is at a whole nother level. The happy hour menu and late hours is super convenient when you want to find some place actually decent after midnight, everything from the sushi bar was good too, and they had some super cheap salmon nigiri on that menu, could eat that stuff all night. Obviously don't go here in a rush, this style of dining will sometimes involve a good amount of waiting, it's simply inherent.
5	musashi is the best teppan place u could eat in vegas the food is great and especially the teppan chief (tsutomu) is an amazing teppan chief. So if u wanna eat a great teppan or shabu shabu place i would recommend to go eat at musashi. You will not be disappointed.
1	I was hungry for some japanese food and the reviews was fairly good and their website boasted some good hype so i decided to give it a try.  being a chef myself i was looking forward to my dinner.  When i arrived the waiter tried to give me a seat at the sushi bar, which i did not want to sit at.  So I asked for a table and i was given a look of disgust.  (First Stike)...  The server then dropped 3 menus on the table with a thunderous thump.  (Strike 2)...  A different server then came and asked if he could get something to drink in which i replied yes i got some water since it was really hot that day.  then it took me almost 20 minutes just to look over the menu.  I was in the mood for some sashimi combo but was not offered for dinner, so I ordered steamed gyoza and fried agedashi tofu for my app.  and a unagi bowl for my main course.  i waited about 20 minutes and the waiter brings me my unagi bowl which i ordered for my main course.  I asked the waiter that should I not get my apps before I get my main course.  He then replied that its being cooked now, but the unagi bowl comes from the sushi bar.  I politely told him that it shouldn't matter where it comes from I would like to get my food accordingly.  The waiter then asked me if he should take the unagi bowl back and bring it back after I am done with the apps.  I said yes please.  After another 15 minutes passed and I finally get my steamed gyoza potstickers which was a dissapointment where i can tell it was a store bought frozen potsticker and it wasnt even cooked right.  It was mush and i just had 1 bite of that and that was enough for me.  then came the fried tofu which was salty and it was as if no one took any care in preparing that dish.  In total it took 35 minutes to cook frozen potstickers out of a bag and to deep fry some tofu. ( unacceptable)...  The waiter then brings back a cold unagi bowl which was just left out waiting for me to finish my apps...  to top it off the rice was sushi rice.  I never had a bowl with sushi rice before  and that was the last straw...  I put my chopsticks down and asked for the check.  The waiter just said thank you and gave me my check.  He did not one time ask me why I haven't touched any of my food except for 1 bite each dish.  I gave the waiter my money and ask to speak to the manager or owner.  Like I said being a restaurant owner and a chef my self I wanted to have a civilized conversation regarding this matter and to see what kind of operation they are running.  The Server escorted me to the owner who was working as the cashier as well.  I told her straight out that her food was terrible.  She just Said "Oh! That's Ok I will take care of your bill" and gave me my money back.  I started to express to her what was wrong with everything and she would have non of that.  she just kept saying " It's ok , It's ok"...  It just showed me that maybe in the beginning of the restaurant she and her husband started with a bang.  But now they run the restaurant without any care what so ever.  My opinion is if they don't want to be in business then they should quit and stop lying to everyone about their food and service.  If the owners dont care then the server and the cooks don't care either and it shows.  IF ANYONE IS READING THIS REVIEW I HIGHLY RECOMMENT THAT YOU GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.. UNLESS YOU LIKE BAD SERVICE AND FOOD..
1	After watching the food channel, recommending this place i decided to take my dad there. We had a 7:30pm arrived early at 7pm had to wait for the next group to arrive before they started, about 40 min later we started our experience which i was excited about. Since the food channel stated the sauce is what makes them so special. WHAT SAUCE? The only sauce i got was after i finish all my meat and shrimp which was a teriyaki sauce, the cook say put the sauce on the rice. I was thining WTF, i have no more food and rice. Anyway just a bad experience overall, chef was busy talking to a regualr with kids taking up most of his attention and we felt ignored. He was a nice Korean guy, friendly however we felt disconnected from the overall experience. Better to just go with with Benihanna if we are going to do that. No go for me in the future, food was average and service was average. I still gave a 20% tip since it was labor intensive.P.S also when i went to restroom passing by the other grilling table that crowd was having a blast and they had so many different sauces on their table, The chef is from Hawaii and was doing a great job for the other table. Anyway its just a bummer when you expect more than what you actually get.Oh and the chef was still talking to the regular person with the group outside the parking lot, when we left. It must have been long awaited.
5	I have tried their sushi and it is very good. I asked them to make me their most popular roll, and they brought it over and it's the best sushi I have ever had. I think all of their sushi creations are tasty. I know there are a lot of good "all you can eat" sushi bars in Las Vegas, but the portions here are huge and you get your moneys worth for the $15 roll. Plus, sometimes if your date orders "surf and turf" teppan you might get a morsel or two of the juicy goodness, just because your chef knows "women come first"They like to joke a lot and ask questions. They also do tricks with their utensils and hats as most teppan grill chefs do. We have come here about 5 times. The teppan chefs are nice and really cool! A lot of famous people come here. You can see their photos taken with the teppan chef on the walls. This place gets a five because I have never complained about anything here. Everyone I meet and talk to are from out of town and keep returning here because the food is good.I want to try to Kobe teppan one day, but its $100 per person. I don't know if I want to pay that! If I win the World Series I definintely will be coming in for some kobe and sashimi!I remember going to a lot of benihana's (in Las Vegas, and San Diego) and usually they  have Hispanic Chefs. I am not saying that Hispanic chefs suck, but the Japanese teppan chef really add an interesting personality that enhances their Japanese cuisine!This place has a good lunch teppan menu, and happy hour. But everything they make is perfect. They make a steak miso soup, perfect teppan friend rice, and the ambiance is great. It is is the same strip mall as a lot of great choice dinning options, but if I were in the mood for steak and lobster, I would choose here over Ruth's Chris anyday.
5	Yup..5 stars, my one and only five stars, for now. We visited this place many moons ago and I am now just getting around to writing a review so here it is the best I remember it. Me and my wife saw this place featured on the travel channel. We were in town for our buddys 40th bday party. We lugged everyone a short drive off the strip into a crowded strip mall deal. We walk into to a relatively empty Musashi. This place to my remembrance only has 2 hibachi tables and some a considerable amount of regular tables. If making reservations one must declare that one wants a hibachi presentation. Due to one of the chefs calling in, there was a considerable wait to get our chef. This actually turned out to be a good thing because little did we know we would be getting the owner and the chef featured on the travel channel. We were nice and toasty by the time he got there off sapporo's and sake. The chef/owner introduces himself and immediately begins with jokes and most of the jokes were not of child nature. He picked one person from our group and playfully made fun of her the whole time like a comedian would to our amusement. The display this guy put on was phenomenal and this is coming from a Hibachi Veteran Pro. None of the tricks he displayed had I seen before. He had a cast iron rice former made out of the design of genetials, something you would have to see to believe.I ordered the Kobe beef, I had never had it before. Needless to say it was "market price" and not cheap by any means but I didn't care. The mushroom soup was standard and good. The rice was the BEST I ever had. The SAUCE was absolutely amazing and blows away every sauce I have ever had.  When I got the kobe beef I let everyone at the table have a piece. Kobe beef is very fatty, very tasty and delectable as all HELL.Overall one of the best places I have eaten in my life thus earining my first 5 star rating and I am no stranger to nice restaraunts.If you find yourself in vegas and in the mood for this type of food do yourself a favor and skip the Hiltons Beni hana and take a cab ride over to Musashi..son, you will not be dissapoint.
4	Three of us had a portion of one teppan table shared with another couple and a regular who had been working for the WSOP or something.First off, the food was amazing.  Meats were all tender (filet mignon melted in my mouth, but the NY steaks were pretty good too), very well seasoned, and the multitudes of sauce were all delicious. A little disappointed with their 'hot' sauce. It was good and probably my second favorite after the garlic one, but it couldn't pass for mild at an Asian restaurant. I ordered the plain ole steamed rice instead of friend rice like everyone else because most teppan places just give you some butter+soy sauce rice with some veggies tossed in. I think the chef forgot and just made all the rice into fried rice, so he just gave me and my friend some, and I was pleasantly surprised.We didn't get the main chef, so our show wasn't as impressive.  He tried some tricks, but he occasionally slipped up. He generally made up for with the conversation we had, until he got going with the regular at the table and the conversation steered toward strip clubs and pot. The girlfriend wants to come back and get the full show from the master himself.
5	Oh My Friggin Goodness! This place is SO amazing! It didn't hurt that the person cooking for me was the owner but I'm sure it would be amazing whoever was taking care of us. All of the sauces are to die for and the fried rice is out of this world! Since it was a late dinner, it got a little, um, Vegas but it was so much fun! Do yourself a BIG favor and take a trip there!
5	I love steak.  I really really love steak.  Up until this point the only restaurants I've reviewed have been steakhouses, I think.  So let me preface my review with this:  I generally don't think of teppan as steak, because something about the meat being cubed and then cooked makes it lose a lot of that wonderful rare flavor that I love.That said... I've had the best steaks of my life at musashi.  You know it's going to be a wonderful evening when you walk into musashi and see the Kobe beef certificate on display on the front podium -- it means that the Kobe is in and available that day. And by Kobe I don't mean that American, or New Zealand or Australian wagyu that a lot of restaurants try to pass off as "Kobe".  This is real. Certified. Kobe.It's so different, delectable, wonderful, like bubbles of delicious flavor bursting in your mouth....and really, I feel like if you like steak, you shouldn't go through life without trying this place out at least once. (at least when Kobe is available)As far as ambiance goes, it's a beautiful restaurant inside, decorated in a contemporary way with red and black incorporating traditional kimono and uchikake on the walls, it's a place that makes you feel really good to sit down in, yet not overly formal. We've been here two times, and the second time we were able to get the owner as our chef, and I have to say -- it was a totally different and awesome experience.  He is by far the best and most entertaining teppan chef I have ever encountered -- couple that with the fact that he cooks custom sauces for your meat on the grill that are gourmet miracles, I highly suggest that you request him as your chef if you ever decide to go.End note:  The pricing here is really reasonable (I'd say 20-40 a person?), but if you're planning on getting the Kobe, be prepared to spend upwards of 100-150 per person.
4	This place is open LATE, I like most others living in Las Vegas became nocturnal and Vegas dining closes surprisingly early compared to all the other parts of the city that are still thriving all night long. So Musashi was a LIFE SAVER. It become a weekly ritual to have my date night here with my boyfriend. The people watching is awesome, the restaurant is divided into two parts, hibachi tables in one room and sushi bar, booths and tables in the other room. I'll take TEPPANYAKI all day, because you can still order sushi rolls from the other room. You'd be surprised who you will run into here, poker players love this place! It's not your average dining experience. You'll probably get drunk, laugh a lot  at conversations with random crazy strangers in VEGAS, and have fun playful banter with your chef. The food is really why people keep coming back. The experience is a plus but this place is really my 'cheat meal' when I feel like indulging in fresh hibachi. They are always slammed (even in the AM) but they're generally worth the wait. Where else do I have to be at 3 am anyway? It's normally a couple hours by the time we finish our meal. My order is standard for these places, the Musashi Special that includes a taste of pretty much everything. Miso soup, salad, rice, shrimp appetizer, Filet mignon, prawns, scallops, lobster tail, FRIED RICE and yummy ice cream. It's pricey. About $60 for my meal plus drinks but at night they have saki happy hour. 2 for 1 beer. Shots. Whatever, its great for after a long night out.
5	Perfect entertainment and dinning experience all in one place. Our chef, Nick was really entertaining, I would recommend him to anyone that comes here. Didn't quite know what we were getting when we saw the menu and the prices, but it was well worth it in the end.
3	Pretty good for lunch specials.
3	Came here with my family on our trip to Vegas. The food was actually pretty good, but I give it one star less because our waiter didn't seem to know very much about the things on the menu. He had to keep leaving us to ask the chef in the back. The different kinds of rolls were unique & creative. I tried one with a green soy wrap with salmon, hamachi, & imitation crab. It was pretty good. I wish these places used real crab in their rolls. I also tried a handroll which had uni, unagi, cream cheese, & masago inside. That was different, but I think the cream cheese takes away the taste from the uni. The beef takaki they used thick slices of beef & I thought it was a little overdone. I'm used to thin peices of raw beef.My parents had the sukiyaki which they seemed to like.The prices were very reasonable. I would probably come back again if it was convenient (not very cuz it's off the strip).
4	I came here for my birthday last Sunday and really enjoyed it. I would say it's a better version of Benihana's, they have better quality food, the portions are bigger and it's small and intimate. The chef I had was Nick, he was hilarious and very personal with the customers. It's awesome because you can ask for the PG show or the R show, of course I got the R show and I was not disappointed. It was very funny.
5	My buddy read about this in a poker magazine so we decided to try it out.  There are good odds you will run into some pros if you go there.  The prices are good and the service is excellent.  The only slight downfall is that even with reservations there is usually a wait since its a small place.We always ask for the owner as our chef but the other people we have had have been great also.  I always make this part of my Vegas trips that I take about 4 times a year.
4	I went here for lunch yesterday. When you enter there is a sign that says please wait to be seated. We waited a few minutes and no one came to greet us. So we asked the sushi chef if we could sit anywhere. He said yes. So we picked a table and waited a few more minutes and no one came over. Then the sushi chef asked if we could move to the sushi bar as the waitress was busy in the teppanyaki room. (The restaurant is split in half, a teppanyaki side and a sushi side.) So we moved to the sushi bar. After the initial confusion with getting service, things went find.I ordered Lunch Box A with a spicy tuna roll and teriyaki salmon. Both were quite good. The salmon was a little hard to eat with chopsticks but was cooked well.The meal was served with Miso soup which was a great start on a cold and rainy day. It was hot and flavorful.The box came with edamame, a gyoza, and salad. All of which were very good.The box was around $11 which is a little more than I like to pay for lunch, but it was worth it. I'll be back.
4	I came out here last year for my friend's birthday, and let me tell you the cook was outstandingly hilarious.  He knew how to entertain the crowd, and not keep the noise at a silence.  Even though most of his jokes did have a dirty connotation to it, I thought he was a character.  The prices are a little high, but for a group of five we paid a little over $150.00 (not including tip).  Tepanyaki allows the chef to cook your food right in front of you, while putting a show.  (Well, I think that's what it is to my understanding)  This place gives you a vast array of dipping sauces for your food.  My personal favorite is the yum-yum sauce, and the lemon garlic butter would be the second.  I did wish they cooked the food all at once, because you wait for rice, veggies, then meats to be cooked and then you can eat.  It's like a long wait cause he puts a show with it.  The fried rice is good, I've had better but it does compliment the food you eat.  The chef even gives you choice of either adding spice, or no spice.  I ordered the Musashi special, which was like $58.00.  It came with prawns, shrimp, lobster tail, steak and one dessert.  The steak came out really tender, and the shrimp had an amazing flavor with the yum-yum sauce.  And the lobster tail tasted off the hook with the garlic butter lemon sauce.  The veggies were mediocre, but the green tea ice cream did settle everything down in my stomach.  The flavors are such a variety, you wouldn't know what hit you.  If you do come here, try to sit with Tony.  He's a character, and he keeps you entertained throughout the whole night.
5	I first came here seeing it a few times on Food Network and Travel Channel. Great food and very entertaining (ask for "Tiger"). Absolutely one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. Musashi is a must!!!
4	A lot of different emotions and opinions on the experience here. Main thing to note is this is a good place to go if you're not expecting a fancy Teppanyaki restaurant and you realize it's a good deal for the price. First thing is on the website it says that late night happy hour starts at 11pm, this is half true. Late night happy hour dinner area starts at 11pm, teppanyaki starts at midnight. Sushi rolls vary from $3.50-5 wide variety smaller than normal. You can order off full sushi menu at full price. Teppanyaki Filet mignon $16, seafood (calamari, crab sticks (imitation crab), scallops, shrimp $18.50. Place is packed at midnight so reservations are a good idea. Waiters aren't the friendliest, ambiance is okay, clean but no benihana. Like I said, if you're looking for a fancy Japonese restaurant... this isn't for you. Small only 2 teppan sections / 4 stove stations. Locals place, big on group events. They don't start taking your order till 12:20am, start teppan cooking till at least 12:45am so if you arrive at midnight, just plan on waiting, however if you don't come right at 12 or a little before, you may not get a seat. Sushi bar is open so share a roll and that'll tie you over. 1 hour 45 min later meal was finished. Chef was very nice and friendly, apologized for our long wait and the food was delicious. Shout out to the Island Boy Nick for being a great waiter.
4	We ate here on NYE w/ my cousin's recommendation. I made reservations thinking it was going to be crazy, but actually it was kind of dead, considering it was NYE. It's pretty much your typical teppanyaki restaurant w/ sexual jokes and lots of fire. :P It was really yummy, but I don't think it was THAT special. I suppose the prices were pretty good. I had the Musashi Special which comes w/ the filet, prawns, scallops, and lobster tail. Mmm... drooling now... Husband had the Yoshida Special which is the rib-eye and lobster tail. I wanted to try their sushi too, but that's a lot of food already. Everything was yummy, the chef was cool, and the others at the table were cool too. The fried rice and the veggies are always a good way to start the meal. Oh, and they bring you a salad before the chef starts. For dessert, I had the red bean ice cream and my husband had the green tea. I should have gone with my usual, but I wanted to try something different. Green tea ice cream was better. Good place, I'll come back someday!Oh, don't get any cocktails. They're just okay.
1	I hate this placeIt was a party of 3 and the place was empty, two other parties were in the restaurant. We ordered 3 rolls of sushi, it took an hour and 15 minutes to get to us, I could make sushi faster than that! Unfortunately the food was great! but the service was so bad that when the check came I gave them exact change, absolutely no tip at all, these people showed us very clearly that they did not care at all about customer service. After 45 minutes I was about to leave the restaurant out of frustration but my friend kept me calm or at least until I walked out. They really mad us man and it was just such a disappointment because the food was good, the service was just utterly terrible.
4	Amazing teppanyaki lunch!  Under $20 and you get a lot of food. The Kobe beef was super soft and melts in your mouth.  Make a res cause this place gets crowded.
5	Definitely better than Beni Hana and any other Teppan Yaki place that I've been to.  I always make a reservation and request the owner, Tsutomo, to cook for us.  We eat here every 3 to 4 months, but Tsutomo somehow remembers all of our past conversations.  He definitely has a good memory and makes for an entertaining conversation during dinner with my family and friends.  His special sauces are the best.  I normally get the rib eye, but had my first taste of Kobe beef here, which was REALLY good.  Rib eye is a good choice if you don't want to spend as much, however, if you don't mind spending a little bit more, the Kobe beef was worth it.
4	Although off the strip, it was in a strip mall. We took a cab there and were worried we'd have to walk a couple blocks to the nearest casino, Terrible's, to catch a return cab. They let us in before they opened since it was cold outside. Everyone there was super nice. The waitress was very attentive without hovering. The hostess watched for when we finished and called a cab for us. Nick was an awesome showman/chef. He was a lot of fun. They had a great variety of sauces that they make right there on the grill. The food was good, but honestly, the show is really the reason most people go to teppanyaki. If possible request Nick for a good time.
5	OMG.  D-LISH!We stopped here last weekend for a quick dinner as a somewhat last resort when nearby Firefly's was completely overcrowded.  I'm so glad we did!  I have to admit that I was a little wary at first -- the place is in a strip mall and didn't smell so amazing when we first walked in.  (It was totally odd -- couldn't put my finger on it.)  But all worry subsided quickly when we were seated and our server came around!  I'm a pescetarian so I just did sushi, which was probably some of the best I've had, like, ever.  I also got some very reasonably priced sake and Asahi, which complemented the meal nicely.  My husband, bro-in-law, and his wife all got teppan yaki and our chef was hilarious (and R-rated, which made for a fun evening!).  They all raved about their respective meats/fish and I sampled my husband's fried rice, which was probably the best I've ever tasted.  This place is definitely worth the stop if you're in Vegas and looking for somewhere off the Strip with actually GOOD food.  We'll be back next time we're in the Silver State.
5	BEST teppanyaki experience EVER.  EVERRRRRRR!!!i've been to so many teppan places in hawaiii---kobe steakhouse, tanaka of tokyo, benihana; none of them can even come close to my time at musashi.  not only was the chef super entertaining, but the food was SOOOOOO good.  i'll start with the chef---his name is tsutomu.  SO entertaining, SO hilarious, SO fast with that knife and two prong fork, did i mention SO entertaining?  i seriously had the teppan time of my life.  i don't think i've ever had a chef that made me laugh so much and dub me a new name (mercedes).  AND told a (dirty) story about rabbits using the shrimp.  AAAAND busted out so many kinky knick-knacks and toys.  it is definitely recommended that you ask for him.now, the food---i felt like i got so much more food at this place than any other.  and so many different sauces too!  i swear there were at least 8 different ones.  garlic, spicy, sweet, ginger, mustard, aioli, etc.  i was so amazed!  my favorite has got to be the garlic one since i LOVE garlic.  i also enjoyed the fact that strips of potato were included in the meal.  i think i liked that the most.  i ordered the katana special which consisted of chicken and shrimp.  sooooo yummy.  i also had a bite of my friend's steak which he drizzled with lime (something i had never seen).  surprisingly, it was really tasty!  i ate a little bit of the lobster fried rice too and as much as i don't care for lobster, it was pretty effin great.  but of course, my faaaaaave was the dessert.  tempura ice cream! need i say more???the next time i go back to vegas, i'm def hitting up musashi and tsutomu again!!! :)p.s. their sushi is pretty good too! try it!p.p.s. service is awesome too
5	I Love this place!!  I come here all the time because of the service and the awesome food... Tiger, the tepenyaki chef, is awesome!!!
4	I got 2 words for you: MAN SAUCE.One of Las Vegas' late night dining at its finest! I never had teppanyaki (cook right in front of you). SO awesome!  They put on a show on the grill! (not gonna spoil it for you) but whoo that thing gets HOT (temperature and quality) haha.  Anyways, I got the chicken and the shrimp, but you can pick whatever you want such as steak, lobster, etc.  Its just gets a little pricey. obvi.  That comes with fried rice and grilled veggies.  The rice is so amazing.  Probably one of the best fried rice ever especially with that man sauce drizzled all over it (ask for it!) It's a secret, thank me later! I wonder if I could take a bottle of it to go and bring it back to california. Muhaha.  The shrimp and the chicken are really good too! Overall, the food is garlic-y and super savory. MMM.  I chefs are very generous too, gave us extra rice and meat! The portions are big enough though!i only deducted a star because the time I went which was around 2am (after the club) haha, the wait was so long! Not because there was so many people, the service.  I don't know if that is a regular thing or because it was late night? I was quite disappointed and very impatient.  However, the man sauce made up for the rest of the review. Get the crunch roll for a little appetizer, made the wait somewhat bearable.
5	Awesome food and great dinner experience. I recommend the Musashi special. Been to this place twice and it keeps getting better.
5	Great place. Gotta have Nick as your chef. We had dinner real late and service was awesome. EveRything there is good from chicken to the lobster to the sake. You will have a great time. Just watch your wallet cause it can GET EXPENSIVE! LOL
4	I've never eaten on the teppan-yaki side of this restaurant, but I've been on the sushi-bar side several times. The food is great, the fish extremely fresh (like, flown in that morning fresh), and they have a fantastic assortment of cut rolls, some very inventive. Prices are reasonable and you get a lot for your money, but as with any sushi place, you can run the bill up pretty quick if you don't watch yourself.On the down side, the service is always only adequate - servers are OK, but always just a little hipper than you are, if you get my drift. And there is a slight, ever-present scent in the dining room... it might be natural gas, if it wasn't a little too greasy-smelling. But overall, a great place, and since it's off the strip, it's never jammed full of loonies or too busy to seat you. I've never come away less than full and satisfied.
2	I have a feeling this place does a better job with their teppanyaki because when my lovely girlfriend and I ate their last weekend and had sushi, we were both rather disappointed. The green mussels were odd, the spicy tuna rolls were almost non-existent due to their tiny size and lack of flavor. There were a couple of rolls that were pretty good but I honestly think they only seemed good because we were desperate for something to be good!  The service was poor, including the hostess up front. They were basically unorganized. And finally, the lighting in the dining area was horrible. It felt like we had a spot light on us throughout our dinner. If you accidentally looked up into the light, you'd be blinded for a minute. DIM THE LIGHTS! Please. It's a simple thing to do. I'm thankful to live in LA where we have an abundance of delicious sushi. Thank you for your time.
5	Must visit when in Vegas. Awesome food & awesome service.
5	EXCELLENT! The fried rice was definately better than Benihana, the steak was really good and the chicken was awesome too. It's a little ofthe strip but definately worth it especially since not only the food was good but the service and chefs keep you entertained. I will definately be going back.
5	I don't think I've ever had so much fun at a teppanyaki place, thanks to the owner & chef Tsutomu.  He kept our large group of 11 entertained the entire meal, with his dirty jokes and various gag toys.  Lots of fun and good food, which puts this place at the top of my teppanyaki list.First off, he creates about 7 different sauces for everyone (half of them made on the teppan grill).  The tricks start right from the beginning, with veggies and fried rice cooked before your main entree.  I ordered the Steak Lovers special, which included 3 cuts of beef, which included some kobe imported from Japan.  This included some special fried rice, which was made with some kobe beef fat.  The fried rice was solid and I was glad it was seasoned very well and not overly soy saucey.  It was hilarious when he started to pack a penis cake mold with fried rice and... haha just check my photo and you'll see.  I almost forgot the house soup that came out to start, which was this peppery short rib broth soup, which was delicious.  I also tried some of the rolls my friends ordered and they were pretty good.The place is about a mile off the strip and the cab cost was around $8 from the Venetian.  It's a short trip from the strip and you could easily walk there if the weathers nice.  Also, be sure to make reservations and request Tsutomu when doing so.
4	I  have yet to try the teppan, which is what they are known for.  This is a review for their sushi bar.We came in around 5ish on a weekday, and we were seated at the sushi bar immediately.  I was impressed with their menu since they carry some different rolls.  Although the prices are fairly high, I enjoyed all the sushi we ate.There was a baked tempura lobster roll that I ate four orders of, which tipped our bill to about $80 bucks alone.  Everything was great from the negi to the special rolls.  The fish tastes fresh and they do not skimp on how much they give you.I'm all down for this place again.  As long as I have a full wallet, I'll go all out next time at the sushi bar.  Try  it out sometime.
4	OK. So here is a little history about the place. Musashi was awarded best Japanese restaurant in 2007 by city search and is Open Table's 2009 winner for Best Kid-Friendly Restaurant awards. But better for adults  then kids i think. We found out about the place while watching the food network channel. food network channel say whaaat!?? That's right.So with that being said and it being my first time attending the place I'd have to say is by far one of the best teppanyaki places i have been to. Compared to the famous benihana's this place is say is 100x times better. Our chef was not only skilled at cooking but was really funny and entertaining as well. The Fillet minion was very delicious. The Steaks are fresh and tender. Great variety of dipping sauces. Best sauces i ever tasted in any Japanese restaurant. The steaks are served by itself or as a surf and turf with lobster or shrimp. I recommend you bringing someone here for a birthday. Only because your birthday guests will get a lovely birthday surprise with their meal. The Place opens till 4am. Its one of those places that is closed for a couple hours between lunch and dinner between 3pm-5pm I believe. So anytime before or after you will be able to get in. Reservations aren't necessary. A very popular spot w/ celebrities. Again highly recommended. A great place for entertainment. Enjoy!
1	I have never been disappointed eating at a Japanese restaurant before. This is the first that I walked away feeling angry about even being there. Food was bad and service was mediocre.
5	Thank you fellow Yelpers for leading me to Musashi!  I wanted someplace reasonably priced with convenient seating for the nine people in my party who could do saki bombs without being looked at like we are weird and oh yeah, good food.  Check, check, check and check!!First let me tell you about the food.  No other teppan style restaurant compares.  Musashi is so delicious.  A lot of times, teppan for me is tasteless because all it is is just unseasened food being grilled, not much flavor or style, but evertying Tiger made for us was mouthwatering.  And if you are a sauce person, he makes about a half dozen for you to try and advises you which sauce to eat with what type of food.  And the portions are so generous that two people can definately share one plate so go ahead and order the lobster and rib eye (even though we ordered that AND the sea bass and chicken...both so yum).  Do get the fried rice as it is really delicious.And now for the entertainment.  All nine of us agreed that we had the best time.  All nine of us agreed that we are coming back next time we are back in Vegas.  All nine of us were in stiched laughing we had such a good time.Don't hesitate on holding your event here!  And request Tiger to perpare your food.  He has some skilz fo sho!!!
5	Late night happy hour is a must! Half off rolls, sushi, teppanyaki, & more.  Atmosphere is perfect for locals. An intimate spot for just you and your mate or a few friends. The Chief's  amazing talent always dazzles you with a showy performance. I recommend getting teppanyaki of New York Steak & Chicken combination. A huge per portion, where I could never seem to finish, of chicken, steak, fried rice, and vegetables . Food is cooked right in front of you, so it does take time. If you are truly hungry & need something to tie you over before the meal, Shaggy dog Roll is a great way to start. A shrimp tempura roll that is topped with crab meat & drizzled with Musashi's famous "Man Sauce". You can find me there at least once a week.
4	This place is great for large groups & their happy hour! The separate room for teppanyaki is nice & the food tastes great. It's a bit pricey but definitely worth it!
5	I really enjoyed this place! There's a private lounge you can relax in while waiting for your table (or, other guests to arrive), and the food and entertainment was really upscale without having a check to match.  I liked the chefs - albeit, one was a bit randy (probably used to that being the norm for some guests) - and the meals were really quite tasty!  It's in a very unassuming mall, so look quick!  Right now, it's next to a Mongolian place we haven't tried, so that's your marker to look for.  Strongly recommend you try this!  They can accomodate up to 18 in one sitting (I know, because we were 16 of them!).  And they can take 2 if there's room at someone else's table.  Really nice.
1	Service suxs. We walked in at 5:15 to an empty restaurant and they rudely turned us away because we did not have a reservation. We saw another group that was seated get up and leave to.
5	I wrote a long review and some how I didn't save it.So this one is going to be shortPro-Yum yum sauce-extra points (this sauce is not normally found on the west coast)portion size- excellenttaste - excellent- (order the chicken, shrimp, rice, and vegetables)Open late at night- that's a plusCons--Ordered garlic sauce but I swear it was ginger (i have been to lots of  Japanese hibachi places to know the different sauces- it's OK)-Soup- I normal like the soup but I really didn't care for this one. Due to it having some weird looking meat in it. All and all I like this place, and I will be back ,mainly because it has Yum Yum sauce :) thanks for the yelper who told me about this place having yum-yum sauce
1	I went to the restaurant 6/23 for my wife's bday. Called and made a reservation with Kevin and I ask for the name because I had seen a review that some one made that they lost the reservation. Walk in the frontdoor and got the smell of a rag used to long to clean with kind of mold or my wife said it smelled line the bathroom. Well I ask for our reservation and they didn't have it and the lady was very rude not sorry at all so we left and went across the street and had a great dinner. Very bad experience was very much looking forward to it will never return. Rude
4	Mushashi is your typical teppanyaki style Japanese restaurant. When you first walk in, underwhelmed is probably the word that comes to mind. The paint is chipping/dirty, the furnishings have seen their better days, and any decorations that they did have were modest at best. They do have some really cool kimonos on the walls though. Probably to cover a hole in the wall or gang graffiti or something.The bathroom is a complete disaster. The door didn't lock and the upkeep was... Basically there is no upkeep. I've seen frat houses have cleaner bathrooms. It was pretty gross.So after all that, I STILL gave this place four stars. Why? The food is that good and the price they charge at happy hour is ridiculously cheap. The food is comparable, if not better, than the much more expensive teppenyaki locations. Literally the cost is about 1/3 or 1/4 what you would spend at Benihanas. The chefs are all very friendly and they put on a fun/funny show, but thats nothing new to this type of setting. I do not recommend the sushi here. Stick with the teppenyaki. The uni that I ordered looked and tasted like it was scraped off the bathroom floor. Overall, great food and great price. I actually made myself hungry thinking about this place and will most likely go tonight!
1	I really have no clue where to start. Maybe I should begin with saying that there were no door knobs on the door. Yup. After figuring out how to get inside, we were immediately greeted by a foul smell that was similar to sweaty socks. Not something you want too smell at a restaurant. Normally we would have left, but we had 9pm reservations and everyone seemed to be raving about the food.We were seated at a teppanyaki style table alone. After a few minutes another party of 2 joined, followed by an additional party of 5. All guys.We got our drinks, gave in our order and waited. and waited. and waited. Finally at about 9:35 our salads arrived. Now, I'm from NYC and every hibachi place I've been too, we've never been longer then an hour. Here, we were already 35 minutes in with just our salads and no chef in sight. The salad was bland and wasn't very appetizing. The soup arrived a few minutes later which was actually really good. Definitely one of the only good things about this meal.Finally at 9:50, just as we were about to complain, our chef arrived. He noticed I was the only girl at the table and proceeded to make a heart out of oil and say "Thats for you!". I thought it was a kind gesture until I turned around and heard him say "This is also for you!" To my surprise, he was holding a wooden penis. Yes you just read that right. A wooden penis. Wtf. I think I died a little inside, but laughed it off. Was totally turned off by this and I kinda just sat there in shock for a few minutes.Let me just be the one to say this - I hate when teppanyaki places serve your rice first. By the time any of the other food gets to you, theres no more rice. This was probably the least annoying thing of the entire experience. EXCEPT - for when the penis flashing chef insisted we all try his "cream". Please don't take that out of context. One minute I'm eating my rice, the next minute he's forcing some yellowish sauce type cream on the other half of my rice. I took one bite of it and hated it. It was terrible. Why would this guy ruin my rice like that?! The food was just completely mediocre and absolutely nothing to write home about. I'll probably never come back, or even ever consider it. I think if I was dying of hunger right outside of this place I'd still consider the gum stuck on the sidewalk then go in and have a meal here.
5	this place is great to go with lots of friends. the chefs are really funny and make great art with the food and makes sure they have a good time!! the food was execellent i love how a tennpayaki place is open late!!!
4	I went here with my family from out of town today because I've heard good things about this place from a co-worker and then the comments that i see on yelp. My experience was very amusing and fun. When you first walk in the smell can kind of be a turn off. It sort of smelled like fish ,not the normal fishy smell you get from most Japanese restaurants ,but more like the type of fish that has been left out for a while. The service from the wait staff was good they seem attentive and they kept our drinks filled. The thing that won me over was our teppanyaki chef! His name was Nick and first he was very entertaining with his little show he does with the utensils ,but his personality was something to behold! He was full of jokes and kept the whole table laughing. I believe the next time I go there I will make a reservation and request him as a chef and I think you should too if your thinking about going there. One thing though it is kind of pricey ,but the quality and show make it worth it. So best advice if you want a splurge on a nice restaurant I would say definitely come here. :)
3	I'm going to preface this review by saying that if it wasn't for the smell that permeated the restaurant, this place would have 4 stars, because the food is really good.It is a typical teppanyaki style Japanese restaurant, with the sushi bar/sit down area in one room, and the teppanyakis on the other side.  The chefs are good at what they do, and it's nice that they make several of the sauces for your meat and veggies right there as you watch.  Some things don't change from place to place, you get the corny jokes, the lighting things on fire, etc.  Here however, you better be ready for some rated R things as well.  So if you get offended by anything having to do with the male anatomy, tell your chef before hand so they won't make those jokes. The time I ate there with my mother I wasn't sure if she was gonna laugh or yell at the guy, but thankfully my mom's sense of humor prevailed.On the whole, I would go back there for the food, but I kind of wish they would update the interior and do something about the smell, I know it's keeping first time customers away.
5	WOW!  I found this place pretty randomly, just looking for a Japanese Steakhouse to take my parents to while on vacation.  The food here is easily the best I've ever had at a Japanese Steakhouse.  Typically I'd say that food at these types of establishments is pretty good, but you're going for the "show" as much as the food.  Our chef was low on the silly 'catch an egg in my hat' fluffy show stuff, but the food was phenomenal.  He mostly talked to us about their foods, and he clearly is passionate about his craft.  As others mentioned, they prepare custom sauces that are not part of a normal Japanese Steakhouse.  And they are GREAT.  Yes, the restaurant atmosphere is pretty 'blah', but I don't go to restaurants to admire wallpaper.  I go to eat.
4	this place tops benihana... their food is excellent!  (teppanyaki hibachi style steak, chicken, lobster, shrimp, scallops)... and their ahi seaweed salad is one of my favs on their menu =)
2	i have to say, the service here ruined our dinner. Food was good, but we were kept waiting so that pretty much ruined my appetite. Why would it take 20 minutes for water and iced tea?! Such a disappointment.Anyway, if they improved their service then they wouldnt have a problem. They have excellent quality meat and seafood, and I loved their beef broth soup. The sushi we had were pretty tasty as well. I doubt we'll return, but i really hope they do better on the service side. I'd hate for a place to lose patrons just because they neglected to hire more waiters.
1	Ok I'm really upset with this place. I had made reservations for 7:30pm when our group arrived it was7:20 and they say they couldn't seat us until 8pm! Seriously I had made these rsvp several days ago they didn't even have the courtesy to call and let us know about the delay which they knew about because they were short a chef! I was very disappointed, but my group was not going to wait 50mins to eat because of their mistake! The sad part was this was a wed and they weren't even that busy they should have made the call and then we just would have showed up later. Oh and to make matters worst they didn't even seat us at an empty hibachi which I saw at least two that was empty! Really really bad customer service training! They had parking but it was very limited with all the other stores in the shopping center.
5	We discovered this place after seeing a profile on them on TV and with the help of fellow yelpers, we knew that we had to try this place. For all the dippers out there, they make amazing dipping sauces. I had their ribeye and lobster tail...excellent. Their hidden gem was their soup which is very unique because of their added steak. The chef was rated R humorous (which I can see be taken offensively) during his show. Steaks are superb. Will definitely return to this place when we return to Vegas. Just a tip, the place is slightly off the strip. I advise taking a taxi and then letting them know to get a taxi for you when the bill arrives which we did and it was seamless. We loved it!!!
2	Late night service was just bad. They were under staffed but really not an excuse. The sushi was borderline indelible. It took 20 minutes to get a waiter and another 20 to get drinks and another 20 to get our food. Wow. It was an experience I want to forget.
4	I can't believe I have lived here for so many years without eating here, but it's defiantly a new favorite of mine! My Brother heard about this place on Steak Paradise and we decided to give it a try...Soooo glad we did! The food was the best Teppanyaki I have had in this town or anywhere! The chef was so nice and funny too! We had shrimp, chicken and steak for our selections between the three of us and I have to say, all were equally delicious! What really stood out were the freshly made dipping sauces the chef was creating right in front of us! His creations made it heaven in our mouths, and just made everything from the veggies to the meats pop! Normally you get the same old sauces with Teppanyaki but not here, they make them right on the grill with fresh ingredients and it's that little extra touch that makes this place stand out. The staff is very attentive and friendly. Overall we had a great time and a FANTASTIC meal. I can't wait to go back.
3	OK... most of my friends will BURN me for the 3-Star rating.   here's my take:-----TIME SPENT2x times @ night-----LAYOUTsmall, couple tables, 2 hibachi grills...  seen one hibachi, seen them all.   i DARE anyone tell me that this place has a unique look.-----SERVICEprompt seating...   attentive and cheerful waitress.   the ONLY good performer is the owner himself.   another reason why this place is only 3-Star.   his other cook is Mexican (sorry) and is a boring and standard in hibachi performance...   to be fair, i've never had him, but i glance over now n then to see his quiet performance.   sorry again.^^my friends will kill me on this too, but the owner himself isn't too impressive.   he has a couple of good jokes, but i've seen ALL of his tricks used by other hibachi chefs....   i'm sorry to be so scathing.   i really hate seeing the same things over and over again.   it's like watching another zombie flick.the ONLY trick that was new to me was that he made rabbits out of shrimp.   i thought it was delightful at which point.   however, he does the volcano, he finds someone to pick on and throws shrimp at, he spins the egg and lands it on his spatula....  i know it's HARD to do, but common fair.   there was a hibachi chef in texas a few years back (http://www.samuraioftokyo.com) that also owned his own place.   i recalled how masterfully he would incorporate words with whatever he was doing.   like, he would use his spatula to cut eggs, but he would then scratch it back and forth like a DJ and say funny things....  and that was what Musashi's owner was missing.   creativity.i even remember hearing my friend apologizing to me about the chef's performance.   he told me that the man probably wasn't being his usual funny self because my friend was a regular there and the chef didn't want to deliver his usual routine....   but so what.   being the owner and a hibachi chef should mean something...  it's like being the headlining comedian but not feeling like delivering your trademark punchlines.the food was excellant at least and the chef made some good sauces on the side.   to be honest tho, i've never had anyone mess up fried rice and rare steak at a hibachi - and his sauces ARE NOT hard to make...   sh*t, i cook the same fried rice & steak at home and i'm just an AVERAGE cook...   good meal nonetheless.^^;-----PRICINGpricey - but pretty much the average fair as hibachi meals go.  $24-$30 a plate and $40+ for pricier combos.-----CLOSINGif you're going to open up a hibachi place, i can understand the need to entertain with basic routines... but you're in Vegas and you're the damn owner for god sakes.!  be creative - make your routines lead into unique results...   i really wanted to come and enjoy a show because i genuiningly love hibachis...  so i kind of felt robbed of a unqiue experience....BTW, i've read the other reviews after writing my own...  and the words "TYPICAL" and "AVERAGE" pops out a lot.   why give this place 4-Stars when you used any of those words in your review.??3-Stars for being JUST another Hibachi to me.
4	After seeing Musashi on the Travel Channel and reading the reviews of fellow Yelpers, we decided to give this place a try on our last trip to Vegas.We didn't have to wait very long to be seated, although the wait for our Teppan chef was a little bit long - we didn't mind it though. The only reason I did not give this place a 5-star review is because the actual servers can be aloof and they are not the friendliest when you walk in.I ordered the Musashi Special, which comes with: filet mignon, prawns, scallops, and a lobster tail. Each of the specials also comes with a salad, soup (delish mix of onions, mushrooms and beef), fried rice, veggies, and a shrimp appetizer. Our Teppan chef, Nick, was awesome! He really made our 2.5-hour experience completely fun and enjoyable. Yes, they can be pretty raunchy   during the show as described by other Yelpers, but that will only happen if they get that vibe from your table (our table was open to it, so he went there).All of the food was great - well prepared and flavorful. The sauces they prepare are no joke. They are great! Nick made us their usual sauces and also additional sauces that he thought that we would enjoy.  Spot-on!The meal ended with ice cream (not all meals include it). The green tea ice cream is really good.All in all, this is a really fun place with great food. I will definitely be back.
3	I've been coming to Musashi's for about 3 years, and normally the food (both Teppan side and Sushi side) is an A+.  On my last visit we ate at the Sushi side, and noticed the sushi chef was not the same guy.  This reflected on my personal favorite dish: The Ahi Poke salad.Four of us ordered the poke and found it to be extremely peppery and spicy hot.  Yes, Poke should have a kick, but none of us were able to enjoy it.  We commented to the chef and waiter the extreme spiciness, and even said every time we go to Vegas (which is multiple times a year) we always stop at Musashi and order the Poke salad.The chef actually gave me a negative feedback by saying that is how HE does it, and didn't apologize.  I was upset at how he dismissed my complaint. He didn't bother to re-do my dish, and I know he could hear my table's entire conversation at our displeasure (we were sitting next to the Sushi bar!).  I know the chef changed because even the presentation of the salad was different.  I will go back to Musashi, but next time I order the Ahi Poke salad, I will specify to not be so peppery, and not be so "red hot" spicy. I still am fuming over the last visit, and hope that Musashi will address this review.
1	Terrible food quality and very high prices.
5	Place is excellent. But there famous for their Kobe beef. It's a must order!! With a couple apps soup, salad, and their famous fried rice one order of Kobe beef would be the perfect topper for a couple.. And don't forget the sake!!
5	BEST lunch and reverse / late night happy hour in Vegas .
1	*** Sushi review only----Huge HUGE mistake going here and not reading the reviews first. Ordered 5 items charged 80 dollars and everything I ordered was in edible. Bad cuts of not fresh fish so tough I couldn't eat them. Mixed veg/shrimp tempura disgusting, the oil tasted bad. For the price it was a very tiny order.  Asked for it to be taken away and we were STILL charged for it. I don't even want to finish writing this review, this place pisses me off that much. Wait staff totally snotty/could care less and getting the bill "adjusted" to 80 bucks was a nightmare.   Stay away!
5	This as to be one of my favorite places in Vegas.  The owner (never caught his name) is an amazing chef and puts on quiet a show! WARNING, not for the children as there is adult material, and if you are a prude you won't like his jokes.  But if you have a sense of humor you'll totally enjoy yourself.  His sauces are to die for.  So many different flavors and each one of them is delicious.  I will go back for sure, and recommend my friends to go there as well!
4	This place is off the strip. Good food and a good chef. Took my family and they all like it. All of them were stuff including myself. If you like benihanas then you will like this place. Some dishes can get pricey so just watch what you order.
5	Awesome, very delicious food.  Excellent service.  Adult rated chef and cooking made for a fun time for our group.  Great price and close to the strip.  Enjoy!
5	Ate here when I lived here with friends, come back when I'm in town. It was actually one of my first dates with my husband. The owner is very accommodating with shellfish allergies. Always a favorite of mine, I can never wait to get back here anytime I'm in town. Try the plum sake, can't go wrong. Also go after midnight till 4am. A lot of locals will go in around then and it's the best company, the best audience and best atmosphere.
5	Open Ultra late, the chefs are insanely hilarious!  We had Tiger WOOOOOOO cooking our food.  The fried rice was REALLY good plus all the sauces he came up with.  If you are feeling up to spending some money, around $100 get the meat special.  The Kobe Beef is UNGODLY tender, i mean its more tender than chewing gum.  Plus the Lobster is really fresh and has an amazing flavor.
4	Very X-rated experience! LOL Loved chatting with the owner, Tsutomu-San. He's not only talented and friendly chef, but he's funny and sexy. Go there yourself and find out :) Never tried sushi here, only Teppan Yaki, spent about $40/person, left full and satisfied mentally and physically. Been a while since I visited here, I think I should return soon.
5	I am a Las Vegas local and have eaten here at least 20 times. We ( My husband and I , sometimes with friends ) usually come here after midnight. That is our "normal" dinner time and just so happens to be the time of their happy hour. ( we eat teppanyaki, he occasionally gets sushi but it isn't anything super great maybe 3.5 stars for sushi )  You can get full entree stuff for lunch prices in addition to sushi and drink specials. We have experienced shitty service from the wait staff before and other times its beyond excellent. We don't come here for the wait staff though. FOOD:::: The food is a bit above average but what really makes this place is the amazing side sauces. ( request garlic butter, yum yum, & spicy yum yum for starters ) The chefs are mostly all good besides this white guy we had one time but haven't seen him again. As a frequent customer I do notice preferential treatment and nicer staff. I wouldn't say customers as new combers get poor treatment by any means... just normal.. but as frequent customers we get a little special attention. I would highly recommend coming here..HOURS, STAFF, & POKER:::  In June and July when the world series of poker is happening this place often stays open till 4 or 5 am... but that doesn't happen all the time.. tonight were here and they barely let the last couple in at 2:55. It isn't unusual for them to close early if they are slow. Just call first if you are concerned. Also, if you are unhappy I highly recommend you request Tiger ( the owner, but not on football days/nights :) ) and say "Hey, last time it wasn't that great, can you make it up for me?" and he will be sure to get you back on track. The other chefs are great too but like I said if you didn't like it last time you should ask for the owner. We didn't like some guys at first but learned to request certain things certain ways if needed that really amped up our experience. Don't be afraid to ask for something special in a special way. ATMOSPHERE::: Some of the chef's can be very over the top with x-rated type stuff.. but we almost always sit with locals or people who frequent the place so I'm not sure if that is filtered out at other times.. the chef's appear to work off the mood. PRICE:: Happy Hour Teppan - $ 17 steak and shrimp includes fried riceNon happy hour teppan - $29 steak and shrimp plus $3.50 for fried rice
5	Great place and Atmosphere. The owner and Head Chef TIGER is the one to ask for. Well worth the Wait.
2	Uhh.. had the worst experience here.My cousins and I walked in and the waitresses acknowledged us but we waited about 10-15MIN. just to get seated.  I don't get why it took so long because we looked in the eating area and there were tables that weren't being occupied.  Anyway, we ordered and it took forever to get our food.  Almost 20 MIN!!  When we got our food, everything tasted mediocre and I was not a happy camper after waiting almost 30MIN. just to get ok food.
5	If I could give this place 6 stars I would. By far the best experience I have had in a long time at a tepenyaki rest. Tiger is amazing, request him as your chef.  This place is awesome and the food is great. Yum.
4	It has been years since I have been here. Came on Yelp to find the name of the restaurant that my friends and I came to and had so much fun! The chef was fun and the birthday girl LOVED everything!Ok...seriously craving for this now...
5	Wow, what an outstanding dinner experience!  Our chef Nick was just awesome.  Food was top notch, from California and Shrimp rolls to Steak and Shrimp, this place was the full package.  Will definitely be coming back every time I'm in Vegas.
5	Good food. Very nice place to go with friends. Always a long wait. Ok service
5	Best Teppanyaki Restaurant HANDS DOWN! Loved the service, and absolutely Loved the food. My husband and I will definitely be coming back. EXCELLENT service from everyone. Great fun-upbeat environment. Good laughs good laughs. We recommend Chef Tiger :)
4	I'd give this place a solid 3.5 stars.The owner is apparently from a region of Japan that makes their food very flavorful. This explains the over-seasoning that most of us think of when we go to places like this. I definitely enjoyed the sense of humor and the knife/cooking skills displayed here. Some pros - they definitely give you a lot of food, so its okay to come hungry! Also, the food tastes great at the time it is served! But some cons - it makes for some pretty crappy leftovers the next day. Over-buttered? Over-season? Probably both because when you take it home as leftovers, it is just one big glob of rice and meat that doesn't taste very pleasant. =\So as long as you finish your food there! No problems =P
5	Best tepanyaki in Las Vegas.
3	Ate in diner. Good food, mediocre service, only adequate atmosphere. Probably would have been happier on the hibachi side as the chef we did meet seemed very outgoing.
5	Wow! What a great dinner! The wife and I decided to dine here, on a Saturday night, with no reservation because other plans fell through. We were seated right away and had Teppanyaki. We were seated with a fun group of locals & the chef, who also is the owner, cooked for us. "Tiger's" cooking skills were only surpassed by his great personality and sense of humor. He created 8 different kinds of sauces for our meal, each as good or better than the other. The prawns, scallops, filet mignon, fried rice were amazing! I wish we would have tried the lobster but there was so much food!The staff was friendly and they take their last food orders at 3:30 am, making it a good spot for a late meal! We can't wait to go back and try their sushi bar.
2	I felt I had to write this review because I see all the 5 star reviews for this place and I just don't get it. I HATE TO WRITE BAD REVIEWS....but.... Rolls were loose and small.  Fish was ok tasting (more like all you can eat sushi).  When you eat sushi as much as I do, it is easy to tell the difference between meh, and ahhhhh.  The rolls are small, these are done on 1/2 sheets of nori not full sheets so they are very thin.  The price is ok, but you get what you pay for.  If you want cheap sushi  go to all you can eat.  Rolls, and nigiri are very loose.  Tempura rolls are UGLY and expensive...  Change your frying oil, and roll that roll in flour before you fry it.  Again very small roll for $15.00...Well thanks for making me look bad in front of my beautiful wife....  She counts on me using yelp, and my knowledge of food to take us hardworking folks out someplace nice...
3	This review is mainly for their lunch special. I just ended my TAM card exam a few stores away earlier this afternoon and my father suggest that we grabbed lunch somewhere close by. Apparently Musashi had a lunch special going on, $9.50 for a bento box - which was quite expensive compared to $.8.50 at RA by the Fashion Show Mall considering this place offered quite a shady atmosphere. It was a little secluded and just...dark for the most part, not exactly the kind of environment that favors a happy dining experience. We ordered a bento with a choice of tonkatsu (pork cutlet) and shrimp/vegetable tempura. It came with miso soup, a potsticker, edamame and salad. Since we weren't too hungry, we asked for an extra bowl of rice only to find out later that additional rice orders were free...and for that I gave this review an extra star. The food was pretty good although I'd recommend Go Wild Sushi and Grill (on Tenaya and Sahara) a thousand folds over Musashi, taking everything into consideration. At some point, we noticed how the place needed quite a make-over. The booth couches were ripping and the music wasn't very accomodating. Summing everything up, the restaurant left quite a lasting impression that won't have me going back for awhile. If you want better Japanese Restaurants, I'd recommend shuseki in Chinatown, RA at the Fashion Show Mall and Go Wild Sushi and Grill along Sahara to name a few.
2	Ate here while visiting our family.  The service was awful. Even though the restaurant was empty, the waitress only came to our table once after taking our order to refill our drinks. The chef who made our food obviously wanted to be anywhere but there. The food tasted good but the portions were really small. I had the chicken & shrimp, which was $4 more than the chicken, and received only 4 shrimp. My family joked the rest of the day I paid $1 per shrimp. We will not be going back, too many better options in Las Vegas.
5	Great place to dine with friends! Tiger was our chef for the night. He's hilarious and one hell of a cook! Plus he made my husband feel at home by giving him extra bean sprouts (Vietnamese) lmfao. Man sauce = boss.
5	TIGER IS THE MAOW-F*KIN MAN! I told him that I trust how he preps my food. He made some crazy BOMB sauces. One spicy sauce blew my mind son! After he served the best beef and chicken entrees I've ever eaten in life, ever, he was still working on some of the fat he shaved off the beef from earlier. He caramelized it with something else and served the tiny cubed beef-sex-fat of goodness to me as i was eating..... BLAM!.... flavorskeet in my mouf! The entire experience was great. This place drops deuces on Benihana, all day.
5	First Japanese steakhouse I tried in las Vegas. Food was good and our table chef was very friendly and talkative. Never was at a place that gave u sooooany dipping sauces for the meats. Yum yum sauce was the best. Not too crowded either. Was able to walk in and be seated.
4	I'm basing this on past experiences. The last time I went everything was horrid and I'm hoping it was a fluke. This is the only restaurant I've ever had Miso soup and liked it. Their miso is red/brown and not the traditional dishwater white miso that's so awful. They also serve some of the best calamari you will find. It's tender and cooked perfectly. I've had sushi, teriyaki chicken, miso, calamari, beef negamaki and several other dishes here and all were excellent. It's become a staple for when I'm in Vegas. The service has also always been top notch and I'm typically there really late at night. I'm planning on eating there again to see if the last visit was just an off night. I'm really hoping it was.
4	"Wait till you try some of MY sauce?" says the chef to two ladies while standing over a pile of rice shaped like a dude's junk (The balls are even sprinkled with black sesame seeds).  Welcome to Musashi.Great spot to unwind with good teppanyaki prepared by talented, sometimes lewd, chefs in an unpretentious, fun atmosphere.The classic teppanyaki "show" is almost flawless in execution from years of experience.  Chefs effortlessly carry on a fun conversation while creating very consistently flavored and accurately cooked food.  Something very difficult to find in teppanyaki joints.Steaks are cooked to temperature and served with eight dipping sauces, many made on the teppan cook top.  Prawns and lobster tails are sweet and cooked right.  Well cooked veg.  Tasty fried rice (no comment about the chef's sauce).Dinner sets offer the best selection and value with most sets below $35.Other menu items?  Who knows.  This is a TEPPANYAKI restaurant.  Get your sushi fix elsewhere.Open till 4am.Note:  The Travel Channel's "Steak Paradise II" featured Musashi for their use of "imported from Japan Kobe beef".  Since the import ban of 2010 it's  no longer available.
5	Ive been here twice. Both times were awesome. Great food, entertaining service, and both times we were seated with or near celebrities! Chumley the first time, the mentalist the second time. Theres a reason these people go here folks. The food is SO good! Sit on the hibachi side!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurant in Vegas.  I come here at least once or twice a year...don't want to play out a good thing ;)Gotta go teppanyaki here....the show is great, and they are probably the most skilled cooks in vegas.EVERYTHING is good here.  They made one of the best fried rice I've had before, the best steak, the best lobster, you get the idea...everything was amazing. Probably the best date night you could ever go on...do it!  You can usually find space on the busy holidays too...aka valentines, etc.
1	Horrible Service! We've been waiting the chef so long and also the chef won't start cook if the table isn't full. Never coming back here anymore!
5	I would give them 6 stars if I could. we had reservations for 6:30, but got there early. Tiger is the owner, and puts on an amazing show. I have been to japanese steakhouses in the past, but this place is (pardon the pun) a cut above. Tiger's knife work is top notch, and the food is excellent. I don't eat sushi, so I cannot comment on that side of the restaurant, but I can say I had a wonderful time, and thoroighly enjoyed the experience. Tiger was funny, talented, and had me laughing the whole time, when I wasn't shoveling some of the best food I have had in y ears in my face. really a good place to eat.
1	06.04.11 Absolutely the WORST service ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Waitress only had two tables two wait on! We ordered a bottle of Plum Sake for four people and she only brought us 3 glasses. I asked for lemon in my water and she forgot! We had ordered a side plate and she never brought it. We had to get up and ask her for several items because she was such a flake! When they brought us the plate, we had finished eating the sushi we ordered and told her we did not want the plate anymore!  Did you think she deserved a tip? I think not. . . . . . . .
5	Honestly it's just ridiculous how good this place is. Every entree there is fantastic, their chefs are amazingly talented, their wait staff is good, and their sushi is creative and dynamic. We live about 5 minutes away and literally eat here 3-4 times a week. The late night special after 11:30pm is an incredible deal as well.
5	This place is amazing. Great food and must eat when I am in Las Vegas. I was there for 6 weeks this summer and ate here 3 times minimum. I always go during happy hour and have the teppanyaki. I would recommend this place to almost anyone seeking great Japanese food. As well the sushi here is some of the freshest and best I have had in Vegas. I will say the last time I was there it was loosely rapped. If you have the time to get off the strip this is a local gem. The fried rice is great along with the chicken, shrimp or steak what ever you choose for your meal. All I can say is YUM!
5	I can't write enough good things about this place. I've only had experience with the tepenyaki part of this restaurant, but it's good enough to keep me going back to this place at least once a week. The service is always great, as is the atmosphere. All the tepenyaki chefs are welcoming and have a great energy, making your meal more enjoyable. Young is the best, in my opinion, so if you can get him, you're golden. The place is always packed when I go which is a double edged sword. On one hand, it shows that they are a great restaurant with a lot of loyal customers. on the other hand - sometimes it's too busy for me to get seated right away. Tepenyaki - for those who don't know - is where they seat you around a grill, and the chef cooks your food right in front of you. At Musashi - with your tepenyaki meal, you get fried rice, vegetables, your meat choice, as well as soup. Each chef also makes their own unique sauces to accompany the meal. It's a great value, and the best place to get tepenyaki in Vegas. I almost didn't want to write a review on this place, because I want to keep it all to myself. But, alas, one can't be greedy when it comes to sharing great places to eat. Eat here, and you won't regret it. Highly recommended !!!
2	While my boyfriend was road raging, and super cranky cause of his empty stomach I was frantically searching YELP for a quick fix! And so I came across Musashi and decided to give it a try. We didn't do the teppanyaki, as I prefer other places. Just ordered off the sushi menu.(Either Geisha House is great!) I can't say any of the food was bad @ Musashi, but I just didn't care for the place. Felt a little dirty, I wasn't offered a sake menu, the server was nice but WAY to chatty. I just did not want share my life story with or hear his for that matter!Good location, and they are open late, but so are a lot of places in Vegas. Not sure why it has so many stars from other but, to each his own!
5	JUST DO IT! The party in your mouth will not let you down!
4	Came for the teppanyaki and ordered the Chicken with Vegetables. My boyfriend ordered the Steak and ShrimpCombo. I would definitely say that beef cooks better with this kind of preparation. Everything was succulent and juicy. The fried rice was delicious too, as well as the edamame and miso soup. Extremely reasonably priced for lunch. The chef was nice and friendly and gave us four different sauces to try, one made out of the fat from the steak! It was so good! The only con is that service was slow. Will come back here again!
2	If you have to and you need some japanese in your life I am sure this place will suffice.You really can't beat their happy hour prices... but you get what you pay for.  It was hard to be a healthy pescetarian here. Lots of fried, lots of soaked in oil-y sauces, all of the specialty drinks have a ton of sugar.The waiter even said that when he eats there, that he always double checks that the fish is fresh. So... sometimes it's not? Eeek.Gosh, I sound like a brat. It was late and we were starving. It worked... but, we most likely will not be back.
4	Musashi Japanese SteakhouseWhen in Vegas....some of the better restaurants are located just off the strip...that Musashi Japanese Steakhouse was just that.So, after dropping $400 on a Black Jack table (losing 7 out of  8 hands) in less than 10 minutes it was decided that it was time for dinner.  At least the room was comp.  Whisked away in a large black vehicle our party arrived at Musashi Japanese Steakhouse.  We were hungry, we were ecstatic....no wait, no line....what a way to go.  We were seated, drinks ordered and menus were served.Here is what we decided on:My Ex-Girlfriendhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BcW7Z9lPmOB_8eS2lEuOqQ?select=O4JtnWgrryVq3aLDTTFYnQ#O4JtnWgrryVq3aLDTTFYnQ99% Rollhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BcW7Z9lPmOB_8eS2lEuOqQ?select=O4JtnWgrryVq3aLDTTFYnQ#mfMYDmaLojuTHenrx-1BbANY Steakhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BcW7Z9lPmOB_8eS2lEuOqQ?select=O4JtnWgrryVq3aLDTTFYnQ#wcfYoMtMWEiJctnRK8dpPgIka-Yaki (Baked Squid)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BcW7Z9lPmOB_8eS2lEuOqQ?select=O4JtnWgrryVq3aLDTTFYnQ#kMmweG5KHbbIklQFy0KWiABroiled Salmonhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BcW7Z9lPmOB_8eS2lEuOqQ?select=O4JtnWgrryVq3aLDTTFYnQ#zPyvxdok-7JyeWyqJKUGmgIt didn't take too long before our food had arrived, but we were running behind schedule as we were....there was another table waiting for us at another event....so we still asked our server to please hurry up....sure enough our food began to arrive.First the Ika-Yaki.....for those of you who like Baked Squid, this was not a bad dish.  Next was the Broiled Salmon....the Salmon was very fresh and not over cooked.  Very moist and tasty as it was covered in Teriyaki sauce.  The sauce was just about right, not an over dominating flavor.This was followed by the NY Steak and Rib-Eye.  I have no idea what a NY Steak is doing in a Japanese Restaurant....but that was what we had ordered.  The Rib-Eye was a much better cut, soft and tender, juicy and topped off with some Teriyaki Sauce.  The NY Steak was done the same way, not too bad...I can't complain much about the NY Steak...just that my preference would be the Rib-Eye.As we were half way through our meal...the rolls began to come.The 99% roll came first and was all too good to not eat one piece but you just had to eat 2 pieces or more.We had one more roll coming.....and our server had just informed me that our Ex-Girlfriend will be a little late.  DARN!!  I picked up my phone and called my Ex....she's late as usual....Ok....I need to settle down a little....I should have gone for the Porn Star instead.....would have been rolling in style.  So finally our Ex-Girlfriend shows up and we just devour her as quickly as we can.   To my surprise it was very good.  Crab, avocado, spicy tuna with halibut tempura and spicy mayo.Next time I'm going for the Porn Star, she'll be at the table before the Ex-Girl Friend.  I'm also looking forward to their Kama Sutra roll next time.Overall, the meal was exotic, climatic with loads of orgasmic flavors.  Such an explosive meal....off to the next event.  Will be back for the Porn Star for sure!!Place was clean, bathrooms clean, not too loud and a nice atmosphere.  A restaurant to try when in Vegas!!  4 Stars
5	Musashi Japanese Steakhouse was definitely my absolute favorite and best teppanyaki experience, ever. The Samurai Special II with NY steak and scallops was perfect for me! My food was cooked and played with at our teppan station by our beloved chef! Each moresel of food was exquisite! And even better with the sauces that were presented to us.There were a plethora of sauces and I had a hard time keeping track. Each one was delicious and unique, so I can't really give you tips on which one to go for. All Teppan entrees served with miso soup, salad, rice, shrimp appetizer, and assorted vegetables. We had a lot of fun with the shrimp appetizer! Chef Tsutomu made shrimp bunnies!We also tried the lobster fried rice, which was also very tasty!As for dessert, I highly recommend the tempura ice cream. Yes, tempura battered and fried vanilla ice cream! And it is just as great as it sounds. :)..and it's not just the food that makes this place great!Chef Tsutomu is such a ham. He's hilarious and good at what he does. He is both an expert cook AND an exciting entertainer. If you're thinking about dining at Musashi, request Chef Tsutomu! You definitely won't regret it!!!
5	This place has penis fried rice molds...how could that NOT warrant a 5-star rating?? You should pop in here after 12 am, because they have these awesome deals where a NY steak could work out to be around (give or take)17 bucks. A must-try partner in crime would be the garlic sauce. I say the sauce is a criminal because it is super oily....but super good. However, if I was eating teppanyaki at midnight, I probably wasn't worrying about my thighs anyways. In addition to your main course, you get this deliciously peppery mushroom soup, fried rice, and a side of sauteed veggies. Everything is delicious and the cooks with keep you entertained!
5	Always a must stop for anyone who loves Hibachi! Forget the cookie cutter places, Tiger will never let you down, never did for us all these years!
5	Delicious yum crunchy roll rocked my world...
5	I'm a bit late at writing a review for this place as I had visited back in June, but my memory of it is still very good because it was an amazing teppanyaki experience! Our chef's name was Joan (sp?), and he was awesome!!! So friendly and funny. Our party had 10 people total, including one child and another minor, and he balanced the conversation and focus very well. Not to mention the food was stellar! I had low expectations because I'd been to Benihana before, and that experience definitely paled in comparison, both in showmanship and in cuisine. I always thought teppanyaki was more about the show than about the food, as oxymoronic as that sounds. Joan proved me wrong! The fried rice was absolutely delicious, the shrimp and chicken I ordered were juicy and flavorful, and the sauces he created were out of this world! I'm drooling at the mere memory...I wanted to lick my plate before we left. Seriously. The next time I go to Vegas, Musashi will be at the top of my list!
3	Eh.  2.5 solid, 3 stars being generous and also because as leftovers it was still edible.It smells greasy when you walk in.  It's also a lot smaller than other teppanyaki restaurants.  We sat in the empty sushi section and had a taste testing of a bunch of sake infused with fruit (syrup).  The peach and lychee were my favorite.  i ordered the ribeye and the BD ordered the NY strip.  Performance wise - it was nothing I haven't seen before.  The beef broth soup was tasty, the salad was forgettable, the shrimp was doused with a mayo based sauce that I really enjoyed but BD hates mayo, the quail egg and bacon appetizer was also on the meh side.  My ribeye was super tasty.  He put it on a bed of sliced garlic and let that bad boy sear.  Before he served it to me he sprinkled it with lime juice.  It was yummy.  My fried rice was bland until I added 4 other sauces to it and the veggies were great.  The BD enjoyed his steak but didn't really eat much else (he doesn't do veggies or seafood - so more for me!)All in all, I've had better elsewhere and though it wasn't bad by any means, nothing was memorable and it's ranked pretty low compared to other teppanyaki places I've eaten before.
4	Late night menu (starting after midnight I think) is where it's at! Steak and shrimp teppanyaki for under $20? Crazy! I went with some friends who were regulars who knew the chefs, but it seems like they are all genuinely friendly. The food was delciious, though the basic veggies were just ok as it's mostly bean sprouts. I recommend ordering the dinner vegetables to balance out the meal
4	Probably one of the best teppanyaki restaurants I been to!  They make their own sauces right there on the grill.  They prices a what you would expect of a typical high end teppanyaki and they have a Kobe Beef option that I unfortunately wasn't able to partake (maybe if I hit it big at the tables I might come back lol)  The chefs from what I could tell, not including our table, was very entertaining.  Which is kinda of a hit and miss when you go to other teppanyaki places.Only low point would had to be was that we had a reservation, and still had a 30 - 40 minute wait on top.  But it was worth the wait!
5	gotta trylove it
4	We actually ended eating here for Thanksgiving dinner, talk about an untraditional holiday. We got three rolls with salmon--the Washington Roll, the Salmon supreme, and Sex on the Beach. For all three the salmon was super fresh and had an excellent taste. We also ordered pork gyoza which I enjoyed but the wife not so much, and Beef Negimaki  which were ok but the wife liked more than me. I would stick with the sushi or sashimi here. The service was friendly and efficient. I thought that the prices were reasonable. Overall, it was a very good experience. If I stay in that part of Vegas again I would definitely consider returning.
5	Found this place on yelp when my  brother was visiting here from Minnesota. Awesome Place. Great prices fantastic food! Our chef Tiger was super cool. If you want great teppenyaki and don't mind driving 1 mile from Harrah's, this is the place to go!! He literally mixed all the sauces on the grill in front of us. The cream sauce for the lobster was to die for. Super entertaining throughout the entire experience. Even carving bunny rabbits out of shrimp. The Musashi Special was the best!!! Will go again and cuddos to Tiger and his team!!!
5	My brother visited Vegas from Minnesota. Since he was buying dinner, I wanted to take him to a Japanese place that was ranked high on the yelp scale, but easy on the pocketbook. I can only say that the place was AWESOME!! We had the owner as our cook and he treated us to 6 or 7 different sauces. We had the Musashi special, and it was the bomb!! Tiger (the owner) was not only a great chef, but was a great entertainer. If you want Tepenyaki that is only 1 mile from the strip and easy on the wallet, you'll want to try Musashi. As a local, I rank this place as high as I would Morton's, or Ruth Chris!! The sushi is OK, but the Musashi Special is out of this world!! Nuff-said!!
5	From beginning to end, my first Teppanyaki experience was one in a million. My co-workers chose this place for our unofficial holiday dinner, and it couldn't have gone any better! From start to end, this place had delicious food, friendly wait staff, intriguing atmosphere, and everything else you could possibly ask for in a great restaurant.As we all trickled into the restaurant, we ordered drinks and a few sushi rolls from the bar. The sushi chef was excellent, and a true artist. Every roll that was presented looked absolutely stunning and delicious. Believe me, they didn't just look delicious, they knocked your socks off in flavor. Unanimously, the "Grand Finale" roll(refer to pic) killed the competition. So delicious!After a few minutes, we were sat at our table. We placed our orders, and were all able to order from the happy hour menu which starts at 12am and ends at 3am. Everybody was ordering hot sake, and Asahi beers(both were under happy hour). We also ordered a few bottles of their chilled Junmi Sake(refer to pic) which everybody, even the non-sake drinkers, thoroughly enjoyed.  As soon as our Chef, Chef Nick, came out from behind the japanese curtains separating the kitchen and dining room, he was the best entertainment since Leo Gallagher and his famous sledgehammer. He was truly HILARIOUS, entertaining, and artistic. The Teppanyaki was everything and more, than what I could have ever imagined. This restaurant experience was a one of the best I have ever had. When you have the pleasure of dining with close friends/co-workers, and feel as though you made more friends after leaving then when you arrived, its simply incredible. Thank you to not only Chef Nick, but all the staff at Musashi for an amazing night out!
4	Food and service were fantastic.  Saul was our server and he's a star.  Drinks were constantly full, dirty plates efficiently whisked away..  The Grand Finale sushi roll is the absolute best!!  The bill was a bit pricey considering we had hardly any alcohol.  Next time, we'll go for the late night happy hour special.
5	I was introduced to Musashi by a friend who frequents this restaurant quite often! She had a lot of helpful tips: it's half price after midnight, they are open for lunch (I LOVE that you can order teppanyaki without the show), make a reservation if you plan to go for dinner & the food is delicious!! My last visit to Musashi was last week and my friend made a reservation and requested Tiger. They had recently remodeled & the dining room looks great! At dinner, we sat with a group of first-timers who asked my friend for recommendations since the whole staff kept saying hi to her! For dinner, I ordered the New York steak & shrimp with fried rice. It comes with salad & soup, of course. The chefs make their own sauces & they are very accommodating if you want it spicier, sweeter, or whatever. The dinner show as hilarious; Tiger was pretty good about picking on everyone! I also think it's quite awesome that our chef is the owner. He definitely set the bar for his chefs to be as fun & entertaining.I do not remember them putting as much garlic with their steak as they did this last time. I was not a fan, but I just enjoyed the rest of my meal. After dinner, my friend & I were treated to tempura ice cream! I have always had great experiences here & I recommend Musashi to everyone!
5	I came here for a bachelor party.  The bachelor saw this place on a food network TV show and decided he wanted to eat here.  I was a bit surprised because teppanyaki isn't a normal bachelor party type of meal, but hey, he's the bachelor.  In any case, we were served by the owner of the place (the same guy the bachelor saw on TV).  He told me his Japanese name but I forgot it just as he said I would and I remember his nickname of "Tiger" because he wears a tiger striped chefs hat.  I've eaten a lot of teppanyaki in my time.  They're all pretty good, but in then end, meh.  They're all the same. With that said, this place is not the same.  This place is a cut above the rest.  The ingredients here were definitely better, the number of sauces they provided were greater, and the entertainment was much, much better.  With that said, they entertained us like we were a bachelor party, which we were.  So you might not get that part if you eat here but you'll definitely get the food which is the best teppanyaki I've ever had.Order the Miyazaki beef.  It's like butter.  Look it up.  It's better than the overhyped Kobe beef that's on every other menu in the States. Though in actuality, I've learned that in most of the cases, what you're getting is not true Kobe beef.  So maybe they are comparable. They're both from the same Wyagu breed.
4	We ate our 5th anniversary dinner at Musashi.  I am embarrassed to say I found out about it from an appearance on the Travel Channel.  But, I guess the upside is that these shows do work and get people through the door.  The bar wasn't huge and on the dark side.  But, that was fine with me, it was good ambiance.  Also, the price for JW Black wasn't crazy.  Good pour.We had a very fun table, everyone was into it and had a good time.  I've found at teppanyaki joints this is key, the more your fellow diners are into it, the better of a time you tend to have.  Our table was full and people were into it.  Also, the group wasn't entirely tourists, I'd say it was at least 50% locals.The starters were standard for this type of meal.  Our chef was very colorful and more skilled than many other teppanyaki chefs I've had in the past.  We had the Musashi special, which is basically every meat they have.  The steak was cooked exactly to order.  The seafood (shrimp and lobster) was very tender and not overcooked, but also not undercooked.  The sauces were excellent accompaniments, and the fried rice was very good.  I've had much worse at similar places.Service was fantastic, ready when we needed more drinks, but certainly didn't distract from the show.  Great night.  Recommended.
5	I love this place so much! I make it a goal to come here at least once every time I am in Vegas.First of all, wayyyy better than Benihana. Second of all, wayyyy better than Benihana for about half the cost.Everything is made from scratch in front of you, and I just can't begin to describe how good everything is from the soup to the fried rice, to everything else.Great happy hour menu, especially past midnight. Great sushi, great drinks, great appetizers and the teppanyaki is just wonderful.I hope everyone tries this place out and don't take the dirty jokes too seriously...I mean you're in Vegas, live a little!
5	Every roll ordered was amazing!!!!!
5	My husband and I were recently in Las Vegas on vacation.  We've been to Vegas about a dozen times, and we wanted our last dinner in Vegas to be Tepanyaki.  There are certainly a lot of options for this in Vegas, but we decided to trust our fellow Yelpers and check this place out.  When we first arrived just before 6 on a Sunday our host asked if we had reservations.  We were a bit surprised since there was only one other party in the restaurant.  We were seated right away, and the other family at the table spoke so highly of the food we were about to eat that we really began to be excited.  The food was absolutely incredible.  I'm not sure if this is true everywhere, but certainly where we are from in NH you find that a lot of the flavor and seasoning is from soy sauce when you have Tepanyaki.  Unfortunately a lot of Tepanyaki in NH tastes the same.  But man was I impressed by this place!  I've never seen food seasoned and flavored the way it was here.  Flavors were layered and built in such a way that each thing I tasted was better than the last thing.  I had the Shrimp and Scallops and my husband had the Steak and Chicken.  Everything was fresh and the flavors were so balanced.  Often times I get sauces on the side for Tepanayki and I need those to provide depth of flavors.  This is the first time that I've had Tepanyaki that I didn't need those side carts of sauces.  I was so full when I left, but I didn't feel gross because of an abundance of grease.  Perhaps the only feedback we could pass along to the owners are with respect to the bathrooms.  I did not use their facilities but my husband did.  While it was clear they do a nightly cleaning, some things just need a little bit of sprucing.  For example, there was a wall-mounted air freshener that clearly hadn't been replaced in a few weeks or month.  But that's such a minor detail in the grand scheme of our evening that I almost hate to bring that up.  It certainly didn't detract from the experience that we had though as you can see based on how highly I rated it.  We will definitely be making this a regular part of our trips to Vegas going forward.
5	Probably my favorite Japanese steakhouse ever! The food is outstanding. Tiger ( the owner and chef ) is the most amazing teppan-yaki chef I've had the pleasure of watching. His tricks with utensils and custom sauces are second to none. I literally go to Vegas just to have dinner there and fly back the same day. And to have the quality of food like Japanese imported Kobe beef ( omg! ) served late night till 4am is the best thing you can't find no where else but Musashi's
5	Best sushi chef ever. Amazing creations, made up some truly delicious rolls on the fly (not on the menu). So friendly and entertaining to talk to.
5	Driving around town looking for a cozy place to have dinner and we pulled up to Musashi Japanese Steak house. Good selection of Japanese import beers and GREAT hand rolls. We had the OMG and WTF rolls, so good! We both ate shirmp and vegetable tempura and that was good too! Its been years since I ate mochi ice cream but that is what we had after dinner with tea. Very good place, food is not a disappointment at all and decently priced in my humble opinion. Next time I'm in Vegas, we are stopping here. Service was good too. Made you feel welcomed and the service was quick.
5	Freakin Awesome Sauces! My wife and I hit this place up 2-3 times a year, whenever we are in Vegas. Tiger is Awesome too, if he worked as a cook at El Pollo Loco, cooking chicken we would probably go there just for him!
3	Nice little tepan yaki restaurant in Vegas. Decided to try Musashi, after all the raves in yelp.But i guess it wasn't all that hype that i read here. The tepan chef was nice and courteous, but i will probably not go back.
4	After spending 2 weeks in Germany, my sister was craving for sushi.  I had to find a sushi restaurant close to the airport that was open at 10pm so we went here.  We ordered a bunch of nigiri (salmon, tuna, uni, ikura, ika, amaebi), Royal Flush (lobster), UNLV (crab tempura, spicy tuna), True Love (avocado, spicy soft shell crab) and Elvis (spicy crab, albacore, shrimp). No, we didn't do teppanyaki.  After a looong flight, my sister was not in the mood for a darn show.The fish were amazingly fresh.  The salmon was clean. My sister gags at the sight of brown bits on her salmon nigiri - thank goodness Musashi's salmon was perfect!The service was mediocre.  Our server seemed to rush us a bit like there was a bunch of people waiting. "Are you ready to order?" every 2 minutes. Gah!  I almost want to give Musashi less than 4 stars because of that.
5	Great experience! Great food!!!!  If you ever come here make sure to ask for Tiger as you chef. He is absolutely hilarious and the food is delicious. We were originally going to go to FireFly but since it was closer due to 80+ cases of food poisoning we decided to come here. Best choice ever! Will definitely recommend and come here again!
5	you have to try this placevery hole in the wall, hidden but well worth the findwas there this past April no reservations but still got into a cooking tablethe cook Ray was very attentive to your choice of sauces, remind you the house sauce is just as good. they make the sauces right in front of you.if you like great food like me and watching it being prepared, this is the placeyou will not be dissapointedask for Ray
5	Love the late night happy hour. From midnight to 4am,  you can eat great while staying on a budget.   Great pricing,  yet the portions are generous.Ask for Tiger (the owner) to cook for you.  He has a fantastic friendly personality and his skills are amazing.
4	Great food, good people,love the late hours, love the music and staff..
5	I thought about just giving 4 stars but then I realized every time I come here I am beyond happy with everything and they deserve the whole shabang! This is the "cook at your table" style place. The later you go the higher chance of you seeing something X-rated like a penis beer bong, or shrimps on the grill on top of each other. They play it out by who's at the table. The more game you are, the more provacative they get. I have had numerous things. The new york, the filet, the salmon, the chicken, even a bite of the boyfriend's lobster. Always fresh, and cooked just how I like it. If you like spicy ask the chef to create you a special spicy sauce. I love the sauce!! I want to bottle it up and take it home. If you come after midnight its half price. If by chance you get the owner as a chef, enjoy the show!
1	Closed for lunch! Drove in from Boulder City PLZ UPDATE THIS!
5	Awesome! Our chef was Nick and everything was delicious and cooked perfectly. Best sweet/spicy sauce I've ever had. Highly recommended.
5	A great place for locals and tourist to get their teppanyaki fix. Great happy hour specials too!  This spot is where I go for some late night sushi and teppanyaki.
5	This place has set a new standard for me. The food was absolutely excellent, the chefs are very personable and friendly. The sauces are made in front of your face and will vary from chef to chef. I will definitely be coming back here at least once a trip to Vegas.
4	The teppanyaki dining was pretty good, portion for the food is huge. Teppanyaki chef was enjoyable to watch as well as the food that he was preparing in front of you. My Wife enjoyed the show as well as the food. They offer Kobe Beef which I havent tried yet per the waiter, the restaurant does have certificate not sure if its from Kobe Japan though. Will definitely try this place. Will definitely come back.
1	**note this is merely a review on their lack of service**it's 11:20pm, they're open till 4am, a group of 4 just got here and was seated before I was even asked to see if I had been helped...they had 3 servers look at me and then walk away as if I was a ghost. Finally after the group of 4 was seated I was asked if I had been helped by a waiter. I said no and would like to sit at the sushi bar, only seats were between couples that looked like they had staked their claim on all of the bar.... so I opted out after the 15 minutes of waiting... maybe next time I'll see why this has 4 solid stars...cause it's not because of the service, I don't care how many photos of celebrities you have in your waiting area...
4	1st time here and loved it!  Went with a party of 12 for a Bachelorette party and they definitely made it fun!  Had the NY steak and scallops off of the teppenyaki menu.... It came with a basic salad, beef and mushroom (soup/broth), steamed or fried rice, and Grilled veggies.  PLENTY of food!  I would have to agree with the other yelpers, Tiger was great!  He tailors the sauce to go with your entree, and it doesn't stop at one, but a delicious variety!  Overall great experience!
5	I discovered this place a month ago and have been there 6 times since.  Their tepenyanki happy hour (12am-4am) is the best deal in town.  Their filet mignon is some of the best I've ever had, and the fried rice is delicious.They have a good happy hour sushi menu as well.  My favorite rolls are the Godzilla and Kendo stick.I will probably go to this place a couple more times before I leave Vegas (in 2 weeks).  Check it out if you want some great food!
5	Love love love Musashi! Tepanyaki is incomparable! No place can compete, the food and the service is amazing!!  Fried rice is perfection! Along with their NY steak!
4	5 stars if you get Tiger3 stars if you get anyone else  As the owner of the place, Tiger needs to teach all of the other chefs his exact routine.  When I first went, I got lucky enough to get Tiger, and it was the best teppanyaki experience I've ever had.  And I've been to  A LOT of teppanyaki places.  My friends wanted to get something quick, and I had to convince them to go there.  Afterwards, everyone was extremely pleased. When I went there a second time, I got another chef, and the experience was average at best. I was surprised that there was such a large disparity in terms of the experience because every other teppanyaki place I've been to has had consistency amongst the chefs. In other words, you can go multiple times and get different chefs, yet the food and overall experience will be extremely similar.When we were seated on my second visit, Tiger was cooking at another table.  It seemed as if he had been going for a while.  When our chef was done, Tiger was still cooking.  He takes his time and the product reflects this. He also spends a long time making fantastic sauces.  My chef only used the generic sauces from the bottle. Not to say that he was bad - the food was still good.  But I was surprised that the overall product would be so different between the chefs.  So definitely request Tiger. And hopefully he'll start training the other chefs to make a product similar to the outstanding quality of his
4	One of the better if not best Japanese Teppanyaki places I've been too anywhere (Including Japan itself) For those of you unfamiliar of what Teppanyaki is, it's the melding of technique and style with Japanese cuisine pan fried on a Teppan (huge) grill. The chef always puts on an elaborate show with acrobatic shrimp and flying vegetables to entertain and wow the guests.  You will always leave this place  fully stuffed and drunk (well at least me lol)!If you come to Teppanyaki restaurants often, you will often get tired of the same routine they pull, so it's best to go once in a while or bring friends who never experienced it themselves. But the food is always delicious so I don't mind some of the acts getting old really.My favorite is the Musashi Special, it comes with Filet mignon, prawns, scallops, lobster tail,fried rice and choice of ice cream all for $58. It's a lot of food so be prepared. Here is the list of the main Teppanyaki entrees.Musashi Special 58.00Filet mignon, prawns, scallops, lobster tail,fried rice and choice of ice creamSteak Lovers Special 90.00Kobe beef, New York steak and filet mignonKimono Special 22.50Sukiyaki steak and chicken breastGeisha Special 26.75New York Steak and chicken breastKatana Special 24.00Chicken breast and prawnsRonin Special 32.00Prawns and scallopsNinja Special 29.00Salmon filet and prawnsThey also have sushi and sushi rolls. I've tried a lot of them and all of them are very good comparable to actual specialized sushi restaurants. This place is also open late (4.a.m.) If you never tried Japanese Teppanyaki, this is a good first place to try!
5	I am a big fan of teppan grills. For many years my favorite in Vegas had been Mizuno's which closed down a few years back shortly after the kids took it over.  It had already started to decline somewhat in popularity amongst the locals.  I had tried a few in town and settled on Hyakumi, although a bit pricy, as the best of the bunch on the strip.  Well that is now closed too, Caesars is going to make a new restaurant concept in the place after over 25 years.Based on a couple of my Yelp friends reviews I had bookmarked this place off the strip several years ago.  Well I was on an eating frenzy this trip and made it over here.  If you are not a fan of community table eating of any kind then find someplace else.  At least 90% of the time I have enjoyed my table companions and this was no exception.The food and the show were great!  And reasonably priced for what it is, expect $50-90 depending on what you order with a single glass of beer or wine and tax+tip.  If you want an adult themed show go late to avoid the family crowd.  I got lucky and, even though it was early. there were no young kids at the tables so the young cook was playing to the 20 something ladies I was sharing the table with.  They stay open to 4AM to cater to the crowd that works on the strip.This is a place worth staying sober to drive to and from or paying the taxi fare!
4	This place is great!! If you tired of eating in casino's overpriced restaurants with gaudy interiors and snooty waiters, visit this place. Food is good, appetizers very good. Try steak asparagus. Why 4 starts than? I reserve 5 stars for truly exceptional places, this place is not, but is very good. Waiters are attentive, food is very good, prices very reasonable. Plan to visit every time I'm in LV.
1	I called ahead for a reservation for a friend and I. The person I spoke to on the phone recommended making reservations, and they had openings a few hours out. I made a reservation, left my name and number, and we showed up promptly.After checking in, we noticed the host had already crossed our name off. Either someone already checked in or they marked us off, even though we showed up on time. He did try and hide the fact that he screwed up, by highlighting through my name again. He told me the wait would be about 20 minutes. After we showed up on time for our reservations. He didn't admit a mistake or anything, just told us to have a drink at their bar. We sit down at the bar, no one is behind the bar, so we aren't offered water or an alcohol menu or anything. At least give us a cup of water if you messed up.About 10 minutes later, a loud Asian lady starting screaming at us to follow her and guides us to a table. She then starts yelling at everyone being seated that we need to sit shoulder to shoulder to each other since they are fitting two more people than the table normally holds. This indicated to me that they did give our reservation away to someone else and trying to shoehorn everyone into a cramped space was the last straw.Me and my friend got up and told her that she could stop screaming at us, because there would be plenty of space with us gone. We ended up going to Ohjah, which had excellent service, great food, without having to deal with a host screw up and an old Asian lady screaming at us.
5	Honestly the best Tepanyaki I've ever had! Tiger is amazing and kept the fun Vegas vibe alive through out his cooking experience... The sweet & spicy and garlic sauces are amazing! Filet mignon melted in my mouth and lobster was delicious, NOT tasteless and rubbery. Will be back every Vegas trip!
5	Our family are big teppan fans.  My Mom had her own teppan grill at home. Really. The Teppan Yaki with the owner is FANTASTIC. The service is great. He makes sauces that are amazing. The only problem is the flavors of the food are so good without the sauces that it's hard to decide to use the sauces or not! If there is something in particular that you like, let him know. He will make you a custom sauce!  For us this is now a Vegas must stop EVERY visit.
5	This place is great,I've been here about four times,three out of the four times Tiger has been my chef..he is also the owner.i usually come here with my girl and my two daughters.Tiger is always friendly and hooks it up with a good amount of food,can't wait till next time we come back..
5	Can you say Awesome!?! Man o' man what a first time experience for teppanyaki! Our chef was a true talented cook / entertainer (Chef Gin). Even though we had to sit with a few strangers the chef made our table leaving as friends :)Endless laughs and priceless memories were made that night. Definitely a must GO!
4	Teppanyaki is ALWAYS a fun time.  Can't beat food, drinks, entertainment and FIRE!  We made an 8:30pm reservation less than an hour before and were seated at a full table.  My wife got the filet mignon/shrimp combo.  I got the NY strip/salmon combo.  The fried rice is $3.50 and well worth it.  We were also served a bevy of vegetables including zucchini, onions, mushrooms and bean sprouts all cooked to perfection.  I actually preferred the sirloin over filet here since they chop it up and put a lot of sauce on it.  We were also able to try a portion of the scallops due to a wrong order and those were really good too.  I get Misti Y's "shabby" comment regarding the interior.  The teppanyaki area felt kind of basementy but you kind of forget about it once the chef starts.  The bar area seemed pretty makeshift too.  It wasn't exactly an area you'd spend an hour at.  On a side note, maybe it's me being a snob but I scoff at people that order well done steaks.  I know it's a personal choice that I should respect but why would you want to do that to a steak?  No less than 4 people at our table ordered well done!  Their raw cuts of filet looked quite different than the others that ordered rare or medium rare.  Lower quality perhaps?  3 people also straight up didn't want any vegetables even in their fried rice.  Grown people!  More for the rest of us!!
1	Mushasi used to be one of my favorite places. The food and showmanship are up to par, but what I can't stand is the attitude of owners/managers. I walked in when the restaurant was nearly empty, with family from out of town, and was rudely told there would be a 30 min wait. Before I could question why, the owner had turned and left the hostess stand. We waited approximately 15 minutes, didn't see a soul before we finally decided that they were rude, unapologetic and we would take our business to a restaurant that wanted customers. A side note, this was a place I frequented and the owners knew my name.
1	Eat somewhere else before you waste your money! Raved about this place for years and finally took our friend for a birthday. Chef was new, food was sloppy and all beers were warm. Bill was expensive and manager refused to acknowledge any issues. Spoke to restaurant owner and was told I would be reimbursed for a portion of what we wasted. So far it has been a month and I have yet to receive anything. I am a Vegas local and will never recommend this place again. Also, what the owner doesn't know is that the person who's birthday we went for is the person who does the diamonds and rating for AAA.
4	Went to find some food away from the main fast food restaurants and pricey hotel spots.  This certainly was a great place that I will certainly return to when in town! The variety of sushi and non sushi offerings will assure that everyone in your group will be happy to have joined you!
4	Musashi was the first place I went to after landing in Vegas, and a great way to start off an epic trip. After much deliberation, we came here around 10pm for a late dinner. The place was empty, but they assured us they were still open. More people started coming in after us, so I guess we just bring the party with us.Their selection is outstanding, with many items you rarely find at your standard Japanese restaurant. Lots of X-rated rolls such as Sex on the Beach, WTF, and J in My Mouth. It can take a while to decide, so if you're with a group, just get a bunch of items and do it family style. If you're never had Okonomiyaki, this would be an optimal place to try it. I was a Japanese pizza virgin before this, and I am very glad to have popped my cherry. Okonomiyaki is a savory pancake served with noodles, veggies, sweet sauce, seaweed, various spices and your choice of meat. It's an intense myriad of flavors that balance each other out. A mildly sweet and savory combo on a heavy, but fluffy and delicious batter. It's plenty for one person and goes great with a bottle of beer.Speaking of beer, Sapporo is $8. That's as much as my meal. Big letdown.Service was slow, despite us initially being the only ones in the restaurant. We were told okonomiyaki would take 15-20 min, but it took at least 35. We weren't in a hurry but no one enjoys waiting. Overall, its a great place if you're craving Japanese, but something out of the ordinary sushi/bento box deal.
5	best place for authentic tepanyaki in vegas period. every other place in town is over priced and dirty. this place has the goods to have 5 stars. i always do extensive research before going anywhere and this place is legit. the owners are great and the place is always spotless. great customer service and great food. anyone who says different has to be either a competitor or a disgruntled employee. i first heard about musashi from the best of las vegas magazine and that was enough cred for me.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants close to the strip, there is rarely ever a wait and the food and chefs performances are great.  Food is priced well and you have to try their white sauce!
2	Mediocre Sushi at best. All of the fish had the same, bland taste. Seaweed Salad was dry and bland as well.
1	I came here twice in one week for teppanyaki , but I will never come back after the second time. The first time I came here, my experience was so awesome! The chef wasn't that good at doing his little tricks, but he was still entertaining. It was during normal hours, and I fell in love with their fried rice and mushrooms. Three days later, I came really late at night during their happy hour. We ordered about the same amount food like last time. The server told us it's 50% off so we get half the portions, but it's the same exact food as the normal menu. So we ordered twice as much. Here comes the chef who looked at us like, "great some of my customers are 12 year olds." Just because we look young, doesn't mean you start downgrading your service (I despise servers like that, and yes, we do look like 12 year olds). I told him twice before he started that no onions on any of our food (my bf is allergic), and he said, "I'm going to put lots of onions." He said it in a joking way, but I said it again after just to be sure. He started doing his thing, and he cooked fried rice for the other customers first WITH onions and then he used to same grill to cook our fried rice without cleaning it. The previous chef we had was not like that. He acknowledged our request, and he put us first. Our fried rice had onions...good thing we're smart enough to check. He got even worse when it came to the veggies. He cooked the veggies all at once for everybody, and gave us veggies with onions. Then he goes, "It might have a little onion." After that I was so done. I wasn't going to complain anymore because to me this restaurant doesn't exist. I was planning on taking my family here for my graduation dinner, but no thanks. He didn't even give us any mushrooms...he gave all the mushrooms to everybody else. I love mushrooms. I thought we were supposed to get the exact same thing as regular menu. We paid the same amount we did for the regular menu. I hate this place with a burning passion. Please, train your chefs what "No onions!" mean, and how to provide service.
5	Best Japanese food on the planet. Period. Coming from someone half Japanese.
5	Amazing food.  Amazing ambience.  The sexual innuendo is second to none. I've never laughed so hard at a restaurant.  Great date place for sure.
5	Undoubtedly my new favorite restaurant in town.   Only thing I found to be disappointing is that it took me so long to discover this place!!!!!  Tiger is the King!   Ask him for Dienda!
5	Best meal i had in Vegas. Absolutely delicious. We read the reviews about how busy they get so went for an early dinner on our last night in town. Good price, great food.
5	By far the my most favorite teppan yaki restaurant ever and trust me I have tried them all. I have already had every cook here and they are all great but if Tiger the owner is available you got to request him he is incredibly good and all the different sauces and tricks he does. Oh my I am getting hungry just thinking about it. My top 3 favorite restaurant in Las Vegas!
5	The food is delicious. The best fried rice as well as the rest of the  teppanyaki dinner  Request chef Tiger Woo great chef and entertainer a must when visiting in Vegas.
4	The miso soup was amazing. The chef was entertaining. Definitely a great place to take some friends but not a first date. Plenty of adult humor at this place and the food was pretty good as well. The midnight happy hour specials are great deals as well. Definitely planning on coming back again.
5	Had a great time good food and excellent host! Jason rocked it! He's a great host and cook! Can't wait to come back! Thank you Jason!!!
5	Just finished an amazing dinner with friends for my birthday. Jason was great and fun!! I would highly recommend this place and Jason!!!
5	This place is always a delicious choice when I am in Vegas and with customers.  The atmosphere is nice but can be iffy as it is Vegas!  The food is always amazing and service is awesome!
5	Me & my boyfriend love this place! We eat here at least once a week!!! The sushi chefs are awesome & so nice. We recommend everyone to eat here. Especially for late night cravings!!
4	I love this place because they open so late. Tiger hour which is happy hour, I enjoy to have Asahi beer with good price. :)
4	WHERE: Paradise between Sands & Flamingo.WHEN: They open at 5pm and close at 4am I believe. My friend and I attempted to go there around lunchtime, and should have researched beforehand... lolWHY: If you are a Teppanyaki first timer like I was, it is definitely a must! Muahaha!WHAT: My friend and I randomly decided to redeem ourselves and try out Musashi when they were actually open, so we headed here at 6pm! We made reservations just incase (better to be safe than sorry), and it wasn't as busy as I thought it would be. Hallelujah! The decor was quite nice and intimate, we were seated, and ordered.The staff were all so sweet! From our server to our Chef (we had Chef Octavio) - phenomenal! =DWe were first asked the occasion of us being there, we replied "For Fun." I did not think my "for fun" answer would lead to such surprising consequence, but it really was FUN! I don't want to ruin it for you first-timers, so just get on in there and have fun! Lol. THERE IS DEFINITELY A SURPRISE WAITING FOR YOU... MUAHAHA!On the food-end of the spectrum, it was delicious! My friend and I decided to get the filet mignon/shrimp/lobster combo. It was accompanied with several sauces (I am a saucy type of girl. Lol), veggies to start with, and tasty fried rice to pair with the seafood and meat. While Chef Octavio was cooking our food in front of us, I was like a child embracing every cool moment1 Who would have ever known cooking could be such entertainment!!Overall, this experience definitely goes in the books!! From the workers, people, and food... FIYAHHHHH!!!
5	This place is awesome.. Yum yum sauce! Of you like a good Japanese steak house this is the spot!
4	An unassuming presence on the outside did not disappoint. Beautifully decorated interior, delicious tender chicken teriyaki paired with a perfectly crisp vegetable tempura and traditional green tea. Put this on your list if you're looking for a great Japanese meal with terrific service.
4	Happy hour sushi prices! Teriyaki bowl was really good. The only bad thing was that it got really busy and the server couldn't keep up. We had to go to the bar and get our own  wasabi and spicy mayo. They need more servers!
5	Tiger is the king of entertainment and Teppanyaki food porn. It's a must see at Vegas. As long as you are sitting at a table with only adults, you can ask for the 'special' showing with Tiger. Tiger is not only a spectacular chef who should be promoted as the Entertainer of the year but the food is excellent! Check this place out when you are in Vegas and be sure to ask for Tiger and make an advance reservation.
5	Young was fantastic. Very entertaining service with fantastic food!!! Exactly what we wanted!!!
5	Came back after 3 months and requested Jason again. Had a great time and great food. Love this place and will come back every time we are in town.
5	Came here a valentines day for the first time. Service was excellent.  Food was GREAT  ! Best fried rice and all the sauces made in front of you are so delicious.  The Yum Yum sauce was the best though. Very enjoyable place to eat.  Thanks for a great valentine's day dinner will definitely come back !!!!
4	Yum yum!  GREAT teppenyaki. Sauces are wonderful - garlic butter with sesame sooo good, yum yum sauce was definitely yum yum, and the two hot sauces have an amazing kick. The fried rice was wonderful. The soup was great. The salad dressing was great too. The chicken and steak were both cooked perfectly.Downsides: the chefs "tricks" were not too impressive, but he was a very nice guy, the wait staff lined up against the wall staring at you was unnerving, and the sushi that I ordered despite Yelpers telling me not to, was only adequate.We would definitely return, but only for the teppenyaki.
5	The best sauces, and the best time all weekend. My Polish Wife fell in love with the food and entertainment. I will come here again and again and again, Chef Tiger Woo(hoo, as good as it gets) is the best, most of my food was served face down as his prediction of the way my night would end, he was right, probably had a little to do with all the great sake they served us.
4	This was fabulous!...Fresh vege's seafood steak..and the sauces to die for!...Loved the whole experience!..We will be back....filet and scallops melted in your mouth...fun chef with tricks!...
5	Musashi is a Japanese Steak house, with a great location on Paradise Road, just off of the chaotic strip. Open only after 5 p.m. and it is conveniently open until 4 a.m. great for the late night cravings. They have a great and popular Teppenyaki area to the restaurant. If you do not know what Teppenyaki is, it is an area in where you sit around a grill and an entertaining chef grills your food and puts on a show for you.  Musashi also has a sushi bar as well as a dining room area. They have happy hour starting at 11p.m. making their sushi rolls very cheap at about starting at about $4 dollars. Being a usual for several years now, the wait staff as well as the sushi chef are very friendly. I have brought with me a few sushi skeptics that swore not to like sushi but were willing to try anyways and they ended up returning for more.  By far my favorite sushi place I have been to a few different ones but I always come back to Musashi in the end. My three favorite rolls are the Christian roll, Shaggy Dog, and the 911. The Christian is a shrimp tempura roll with eel sauce. I may add that I love their eel sauce I make sure my Christian roll has a lot of it. The Shaggy dog roll is also a shrimp tempura roll topped with crab meat and a delicious creamy sauce. These two rolls also happen to be on the happy hour menu so they are about $5 dollars each. The 911 roll is a spicy tuna roll with topped with salmon I also love to drench this with their delicious eel sauce. Unless you can handle spicy food I would recommend sticking to the Shaggy or the Christian. As an appetizer I enjoy having their tofu and sea weed miso soup. I love how fast my sushi always comes out. I never wait no longer than 5 minutes to get a table. The ambiance is great there are as many locals as well as tourist who enjoy going to get a late snack. I like how even though it is open very late it is a family place, meaning that you can bring your kids with you if you get hungry on your way home from a long day.  The few downfalls Musashi might have are that sometimes even though they are a clean place there is a strong sewer smell, which makes it a bit difficult to enjoy your food completely. Another downfall is that the Teppenyaki is always full so you must make reservations hours before you cannot just show up without a reservation. Sometimes even with a reservation you are kept waiting a while because something went wrong and they are running late on getting the others ahead of you out.   Musashi being my favorite Japanese steak house, I would greatly recommend people to try it. From a great location, great prices, friendly staff and fast sushi service I would think everyone would enjoy it. Whether you are by yourself, on a date, a group of friends or a family, Musashi is the best place for a late dinner or even an after work snack.
5	One of my coworkers took me here after work and it's become one of my go-to spots for late night sushi. It's right by where I work so that's a plus. I usually get there around midnight and never have to wait for a table. The service is very fast and I love the happy hour prices and options. The sushi is consistent and delicious. Their chicken wings are also very good with a little spice. I recommend this place to everyone.
1	Lost my daughters 12th birthday dinner reservation. Made no attempt to fix it, or attend to us anyway. Ignored us, laughed at us when we insisted they made a mistake. Lost my business forever, and that saddens me because the food is decent. Nothing makes up for messing up a kids birthday. She was truly disappointed, as were the other 7 people in our party. You really screwed us Musashi and I will never return. Nor will I refer you to anyone ever again.
2	Only tried the sushi area. Tried 4 different rolls during late night happy hour. Sushi is decent but definitely not mind blowing. Prices are good but the service was terrible. Took forever before the waiter would come over and check on us.
5	Best Japanese Steakhouse I have EVER been to!I'm a bit apprehensive about writing this review because I would much rather be selfish and keep this amazing restaurant to myself but my mother taught me that sharing is caring, so don't say I never did anything for you! ;)Last weekend was marked my third visit to Musashi. I don't live in Vegas but whenever I visit I try to make reservations here and I do recommend making reservations because this place can be quite hard to get into otherwise since they only have so many seats at the teppan tables. You can pretty much order anything off the menu and you will be pleased but my faves are the filet mignon and shrimp. The chefs here are AMAZING and very entertaining as well!!Musashi is located just off the strip and took us about 8 minutes to get to from Caesar's Palace.As we were paying our bill last time Floyd Mayweather and his HUGE entourage were being sat at the table next to us. This place has pics of celebrities all over the wall and its no surprise why. Rated as one of the best steakhouses in America and it holds up to all the hype!
5	I always love a good teppanyaki night, and this place is unique to say the least! I went in to see someone that works here, John and had the best time! The food was awesome, the experience super fun and I will go back again and again. I used to be a serious regular at the old Hamada around the corner and was happy to know that one of the awesome chefs from the old Hamada days is now the owner of Musashi! I hear it gets pretty busy here so make a reservation, I came in at 6:30 so it wasn't a problem getting in. Let me give one hint, they give a new meaning to "dirty rice" hee hee!!!! You'll see what I'm talking about......
5	This is truly the best teppanyaki place I've been to. I almost didn't stop by here because my boyfriend was super hungry and just wanted to eat on the strip. But, we are both so glad we did stop by.We came around 10:30 on a Thursday night; the front part of the restaurant was packed, but the teppanyaki part was completely  empty. We were seated right away, and was told the chef would start in a few minutes. Another party arrived, and Chef Jason came out. Now, Jason was probably the best part of the entire experience. He was friendly and offered such great service. We had to personally tip him $30 in the end (that's how great he was!) My boyfriend is a sauce person, and Jason made so many delicious sauces that definitely added to the steak and seafood that we ordered.Some of the reviews mentioned not eating all the fried rice at the beginning of the meal, and it's so true! The rice was so delicious that I managed to finish it all... Before he started cooking anything else. Learned my lesson, because I was so full to fully enjoy the steak, shrimp, lobster tail, and vegetables. He cooked both steaks to a perfect medium rare and the lobster tail was drenched deliciously in a creamy sauce. We're returning in August to celebrate my 21st birthday, and I definitely will be asking for Jason again.
5	Best teppanyaki steakhouse in Las Vegas hands down. I recommend always calling in advance to make reservations because they do get pretty busy and it's a hit or miss on weekdays. There are 2 sides you may sit at teppanyaki grill or dining/sushi bar. For teppanyaki I recommend requesting for Tiger (Owner) to be your chef. He is the best along with Young. Unlike other teppanyaki restaurants they have many different homemade very yummy dipping sauces to go with meal. Teppanyaki happy hour starts at Midnight!! Great food at a great price!! ..after 12am you could also request for the "Dirty Adult Show" perfect for bachelor/bachelorette parties or a good laugh.Tiger hour is their Happy hour menu that starts at 11pm and can be order from both sides of the restaurant. Beto amd Jun are great sushi chefs!! You'll be in good hands.
4	Beef Teriyaki for me with shrimp tempura, chicken teriyaki that she had was served in bento box sized portion, a perfect filling portion.Open late often till 4 am.  Competently made sushi that doesn't fall apart when picked up with chopsticks.  It's not a noisy place, would make for a nice quiet time away from the constant ding of the casinos a block or two away.
5	I'm bf and I always have dinner here at least once every time we come to Vegas.The whole experience is great. The chefs are so funny and they are obviously having a great time as well.On my most recent trip I order the ninja combo which came with a salad, rice, soup, salmon, shrimp, prawns and veg. The salad is nothing special, but everything else was delicious. The soup had so much flavour and I absolutely loved the lemon garlic sauce with the salmon.I would recommend paying the extra couple of $ to get fried rice instead of plain rice. And don't forget to ask for extra yum yum sauce.
5	This has to be my favorite teppan yaki spot in Vegas! Every time I come here, service is always on point and food is always delicious! The last time I came here, the group I came with did the happy hour special. Definitely a must-try late night food place!I did the seafood combo that comes with miso soup, fried rice, shrimp, scallops and fish! It also comes with many different sauces made to order from the chef all for only $20! (Happy hour special) Because I went with a big group of early to mid 20's age, the teppan yaki chef made funny after-hour remarks! The chef was so funny and very accommodating. I went here for my mom's birthday as well a few months ago and I went with my family. The chef was so nice and funny.. he was not going to do some "adult" jokes. Instead, he cooked the fried rice in a heart-shaped form and was trying to make my grandma laugh! My family enjoyed it and they loved the food!I love this off-the-strip spot! A local hot spot, a tourist favorite, and you might spot a celebrity here or there! If you're in Vegas, you should try place!
5	Best food in Vegas. The chef, Yung, even made my girlfriend who has a soy allergy all her food first before cooking anything with soy on the grill. They really go above and beyond there. I eat there every time I come to Vegas.
5	Food there is the best. Everything on the menu is great. Best Japanese steak house I've ever been too. Jason is a magician , and a great chef . I was honored to have Jason cook for me.
5	their happy hour is well worth your time and stomach :D
5	When we visit Vegas again, we will definietly be back. The food was incredible and the chef had us laughing so hard it hurt! Tiger the owner/ Chef made my friends 40th birthday party experience unforgettable! :) Looking forward to the next time!
5	My favorite place in Vegas by far!!! You can't get better food it's amazing. I love the experience and show they give you while they cook your food as well. I have brought my family friends here and will keep bringing people and recommending this place. Top Steak in Las Veags
5	Absolutely amazing experience here! The service was incredible and dinner was phenomenal!  The yellowtail sashimi is outstanding for an appetizer and the scallops were delicious!  My favorite thing would have to be the house home made special sauces!!! If you are in the area you MUST make a stop here! You won't regret it!!
4	Better food and experience than I expected. Also a bit pricier than expected, though.Our choice:- Yoshida Special: Rib-eye, lobster tail, fried rice, and choice of ice cream (just realized I didn't get the ice cream!) 48.50- Samurai Special: New York steak and scallops 34.50Culinary-wise, two surprises:- Clear soup in beef broth (no miso), with beef (meat) and mushrooms- 8 different saucesWe had good laughs with the show, it was a bit different from Benihana. The chef said they go crazy late night with risque jokes - maybe next time.
5	What a pleasant surprise!  BEST Tepanyaki spot... on and off the strip... and I've been to most of them.  Ask for 'Big John' and sit back for an eventful dining experience.  This islander's got jokes and his yum-yum sauce is the boss.  Never really seen custom sauce creations or sauce made-to-order... I'm aiming for 'regular' status.
5	If you are looking for a great meal and some serious entertainment, then Stomu (the Exec. Chef/owner) is your guy! He makes a sauce for every protein on the teppan grill! My husband said you could serve him the sauce that was made for the shrimp on a door knob & he would eat it. The scallops melt in your mouth & the New York steak was so flavorful! please step away from the buffet & try this place!
1	This place came highly recommended & we were told to request Tiger's table. We called at 8:05pm and were told his table was seated at 8. When we said we were 1 mile away & according to our GPS we would be there in 3 minutes, we were told they could seat us at his table. We arrived & the person who greeted us was not aware of the situation .  He went to "check" & left us waiting for 10 minutes, only to return & tell us it was not possible & we could wait until 8:30 to be seated at another chef's table. So we waited. At 8:30 we were seated by ourselves at a table. Then a party of 25 arrived and another employee asked us why we were at the table as both of their remaining tables were reserved for the party of 25. So after waiting for 25 minutes with 2 broken promises, we left. If I could give zero stars I would. Unbelievably poor communication, processes, management & customer service. The guy who had seated us tried to hide in the kitchen from us. I would never go back!  Congratulations-you just lost 2 customers for life!
4	Three words. Kobe beef, prawns, and Teppanyaki. My boyfriend calls it the ultimate fried rice. :) Another personal favourite of mine is this marinated & broiled cod with lemon miso sauce. A M A Z I N G. And when you are in the right mood, you want to try their late night. Well, it's cheaper but the whole atmosphere makes the game. Beware the line!
4	We found this restaurant on YELP and went there exactly at 5.  Already there were 7 other people waiting.  We were seated quickly and our server got our drinks in quick time. My Bloody Mary was great.  My one son ordered off the Shushi menu and other and I off the regular.  The meals are about $30 but well worth it in my opinion.  Soup, salid and a good selection of sauces, some made on the spot.   Modest, older restaurant with excellent food
5	This is the best hibachi/teppanyaki place I've ever been to. The chef was jovial and friendly and had his own little jokes, but didn't do the overplayed gags most places do. And he was definitely a CHEF - our food was all cooked perfectly and he took the time to make sure everyone had their specific requests met. Extra veggies? Check. Vegetarian cooked before the meat? Check. Rare steak? Check. The special spicy-sweet, garlic and other sauces made at the table were fantastic and made this place truly unique. The miso soup was delicious. I went here based on Yelp reviews with a group of coworkers so I was very happy that it worked out so well. Multiple people said they had never had such good teppanyaki. Ask for Jason! You will love it!
5	Everything they make is awesome!  If you're here later and have a dirty and good sense of humor, ask for the dirty show! You'll thank me!! Young and Tiger are my favorite chefs! The Saketinis are awesome!!
5	What an amazing experience. I am not an expert in Japanese cuisine but, I think it's very good in every level of service.
5	Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. You MUST go for the teppanyaki and come hungry. Make a reservation with Tiger.  He's such a great guy and freaking hilarious! Go later and ask for the naughty show.  It's so much fun! We've been here multiple times with friends and guests visiting.  My favorite is the salmon.  Tiger always makes the salmon skin such a tasty, crunchy perfection. He makes tons of sauces right in front of your eyes.  The quality of the food is awesome.  It's so delicious!!
3	We got our moneys worth during Tiger hour after 11 PM. The sushi was good. Not a lot of ambience. I go back again for a late night happy hour.
1	Disappointed.  Made a reservation.  Arrived 10 minutes early and was told i would still need to wait 30 minutes. I won't be doing that in vegas!
4	I decided to treat my boyfriend to dinner and thought that it would be a great idea to try something different. I did my research and asked a friend for a teppanyaki recommendation and apparently this was the place to go to. Upon arriving I had made reservations earlier today for 6:30 dinner. The lady who picked up the phone wasn't very professional, but I was able to reserve a table. By the time we had arrived no one was present at the front to welcome us to the restaurant. We had to stand by the counter waiting for someone to seat us. After a staff member finally greeted us, we told her about our reservations. She had to check if there was an open table by the kitchen after we were told through the phone that there was one available for us. She then said "sorry your table was stolen." We were hoping to receive maybe a discount on our order or perhaps receive free dessert for the inconvenience, but she just told us to sit anywhere and didn't even walk us to our table. After that rough greeting to our first time at Musashi we finally had our orders taken and we were a bummed that we couldn't have teppanyaki tonight. So we ended up ordering rolls and to our surprise they were very tasty. My personal favorite was the Party N Ur Mouth. It was a roll with deep fried banana, tuna, crab, and sweet mayo. I thought it was unusual at first but we ordered it anyway. And boy was it delicious! We had also ordered the rainbow roll and the porn star. Although we had received poor customer service, we surely enjoyed the food. I would definitely come back to try their teppanyaki. And maybe for more of that Party N Ur Mouth.
5	Great place!!!  Great food!  ,Just a hint, the chefs feed off of your enthusiasm , so if you really want to have a good time ,make noise, clap, have fun! It makes all the difference in the world in what type of experience you have. Just a hint :)
4	All 5 people at the table very much enjoyed their food. We had a wide variety of dishes, including sushi, tempura, steak, poki salad and soup. Everything was tasty and the ingredients of good quality. The service was also friendly and helpful. If you are a tourist in LV as I was, don't think you can walk here from the strip - get a cab as a "block" on the map is a day's journey in real life.
5	Best teppanyaki experience I've ever had! Made reservations Sunday afternoon for later that night. Lucky for us, we got owner/Chef Tsutomo! For this bachelor party of 7 dudes, I would say the Chef himself was an experience. Sure, you've got your typical teppanyaki chefs who flip spatulas, toss salt shakers, and throw in the occasional cheesy joke. This Chef, however, was highly talented and extremely hilarious. Dirty jokes galore, witty comebacks to our stupid drunken comments, and foul props made this experience a true show! Not to worry, no need to get decked out and dressed up either, very down to earth, casual restaurant.Food was phenomenal. The Chef took pride in his cooking, insisting we try certain foods without dipping in sauce first to really taste the talent. I got the filet mignon and prawns dinner. Meat was quality, seasoning was perfect with a special mayonnaise like sauce on the prawns. Fried rice was moist, and my favorite part was a special little treat the Chef concocted with the trimmed fat off steaks. I only wished the dish also had chow mein.Chef made so many house made sauces that I couldn't even figure out what to dip my food in, they were all awesome.For 7 people, stuffed outta our minds, beer and sake filled, and cheeks (on the face, to clarify) hurting from laughing... Our bill was $500 including gratuity. Absolutely excellent experience. HIGHLY recommended!
4	Your usual tepenyaki restaurant - except this places likes their erotica. They have little toys that they'll take out for you to "play with". They food was not as salty as other places I've been to and they make their own sauces right in front of you. that was definitely very good! The only downfall of this place is that they charge you for fried rice whereas other restaurants include that in your meal order.
4	I came here at midnight last night for some sashimi.. I ordered yellow tail (good), salmon (yummy) and a sashimi salad.. The sashimi was good but not good to a point that was impressive, but the sashimi salad was HUGE and OMG! The best sashimi salad I ever had.. I love the way the marinated it in spicy sauce (for spicy food lovers) and the lettuce was so fresh that it tasted very well along with the sashimi and seaweeds.. The servers were very attentive and made my experience at Musashi much more pleasant :-) I will definitely come back again for the Sashimi salad and their happy hour hot sake and beers! xoxo
2	I've been eating teppan style cooking on special occasions since around 1980 when Benihana was the only player in town..so I've had a few. Musashi wasn't busy on a week night and there was only 2 tables the whole time we were there so there was a little lack of atmosphere you find in busier places. The whole experience depends on the chef you get. Over the years I've had drunk chefs, chefs that were maybe the first day on the job but for the most part I've had skillful chefs. Our chef admitted up front he was enjoying his day off with some drinks and someone didn't show for work so he was called in. I've been in his boat so could understand. It showed in his juggling with the spatula and fork and when it got to the egg toss it wasn't so good. There were a lot of things lacking like tossing stuff and catching it in his hat or tossing food so you try to catch it in your mouth. I think we got the " I shouldn't really be here cooking for you guys" show. I ordered a bottle of chilled sake and it showed up in a ceramic sake flask. I've never seen that before. My son worked in a sushi restaurant and any sake showing up in a ceramic flask is the really cheap stuff. The food itself was O.K, perhaps a little overcooked and $3.50 for fried rice which had little else in it a bit overpriced. Musashi does give you extra sauces, chili paste and schriaca if you like spicy and he did make a garlic butter sauce but the presentation was lacking as he only got part of the sauce in the containers. The adult part of the show where he slaps rice into a penis shaped mold was a bit tacky. We were entertaining guests from a small town in the U.K so they probably never noticed it was sub par. Think we're going to stick with Toyko Waco in Los Angeles.
4	It's quiet in here. I ordered the Royal Flush-lobster roll topped with deep fried lobster then baked with sweet yum yum sauce and eel sauce. It's gone! No time for a picture. It was absolutely delicious!!! Went didn't I give them 5 stars? Hmmmm...maybe because no one's perfect, but the food paired with peach Sake was delish!
5	The best restaurant in Vegas!!!! You cannot go wrong with this place...so much fun and the food is amazing. One of the best things about this place is the many different sauces they serve with your meal. Just delicious!!!! It's such a fun atmosphere and with the amazing food, you can't go wrong.
4	Went here for their 11pm half off sushi last night and the only sushi that stood out was their "white girl" roll other rolls was good not great. Service was ok and they're open late so that's the extra star for me. Will come back for late night sushi cravings.
5	Amazing food! I ordered the chicken+steak combo and it was delicious! Staff was super friendly, chef was really nice and made the food really tasty, and the owner is awesome too! Must try if you haven't already!! Will come here all the time!! Love how they also cook in front of you on the grill also! And the sauces they make are awesome too!
1	Musashi came highly recommended, after two visits, I can only say this place deserves NO stars.First visit. We asked for the "adult" show for a visiting friend.  Got two bowls of rice turned upside down with some round veggie on top and they called it boobs... great... I paid 20% more over Benihana for rice boobs?  The food was okay, so I'll give it another shot.Second and final visit.- 6 weeks out:  Made reservations for adult show for 7 at 10pm.- 3 weeks out:  Called to confirm reservation for adult show for 7 at 10pm. Confirmed.- Reservation:  Showed up 15 minutes before and checked in with the hostess, confirmed that we had reservation for 7 and for adult show.  She tells us to tell the server you want adult show.  She then proceeds to sit a party of 3 at our table... they had a 9 year old with them.  While most 9 year old nowadays have probably seen more internet porn than most adults my age, I did the adult thing and let the hostess know that she just sat a kid at the adult show table.  Apparently, according to the hostess, a 9 year old seeing a 2 foot long big black dildo with simulated jiz is, to her, perfectly fine.  I continued to ask for an kid free adult show.  After asking for the manager, I was told that she was not at the restaurant.  After further pressing, we asked to speak with the owner Tsutomu (AKA Tiger)... we explained our situation, about making reservations and blah blah blah... he couldn't give two shits.  Taking the high road, we decided to leave and not scar the poor kid.This is what I get from wanting to see a big black dildo at a Japanese restaurant.It is now my mission in life to divert any and all tourist away from this shitty place.
4	This place was great. I got the rib eye steak medium rare and the shrimp. The steak had good taste. The shrimp was a little over cooked. Overall this place is great. They also provide a million different sauces which is awsome. Price is a little over pricy. But thats coming from me. A poor college kid haha.
2	My hubby & I went to Musashi because it was open late & it wasn't a sandwich or fastfood place. The service was mediocre (our waiter got my drink order wrong). I wouln't have minded the prices at all if the food had been good, but as it was, only the sushi tasted fresh. We had a skewer combo that left us very underwhelmed & scallop lettuce wraps that were not wraps at all, just scallops & shitake mushrooms with burned garlic on top of lettuce scraps. Spend another 20 bucks extra somewhere else, I do not recommend this place.PS: the music was too loud
5	We got the Filet, Scallops, prawns, and the Salmon. The show was entertaining with lots of laughs. The food was delish. Probably the best salmon I have ever had. The steak and salmon were so tender they melted like butta in your mouth..yes even the salmon! So good!
5	A must try restaurant! One of my all time favs here in vegas! Great chefs, great, food, great service, great atmosphere, and great prices! My family and I love this place. Everytime we eat there the food is amazing. The bonus part about this place is they stay open until 4am!
4	I would have to give this place a 4 star rating...I prefer dining here than benihannas and Amanda any day.. Their customer service is awsome , I've been here a total of 2 times and the longest I've had to wait was an hr to be seated but I was later for my reservations about 20 mins so I couldn't have been to mad.. So me and my girls sat at the bar drinking a very nice cold peach sake I strongly recommend if u like slightly sweet wine...My first time dining I got to experience the naughty show the chefs sometimes like to put on for you... The second time I ended up at a table with two preganent woman so nothing to funny happened that time out of respect for them and their husbands but hey I can't complain my salmon was still yummy...Both times I ordered the salmon with fried rice and I never regret it!!!!
4	Good place to come if you have 2-3 hours to spend for dinner.  I was planning to walk around the strip after dinner but towards the end I was so tired  I just went back to hotel and sleep. Food and service were good but price is high, but again what's cheap in Vegas?  Prob won't be back again.
5	What a great place!!! The services was great & the whole family loved the chef. He truly took great care in his preparations & each entre came with 4 freshly prepared saucesSoooo goooood
2	I met a friend here who was with a group for a birthday party a couple weeks ago. I showed up after everyone had already put their order in and wanted to start a separate tab. The waiter told me he couldn't make my own tab at first but reluctantly changed his mind. I get it, no one likes having to deal with separate checks, but I only had my credit card and I didn't know the rest of the people in the party. Anyway I placed my order (chicken teriyaki bowl) and shortly after the waiter told our group that we needed to change tables because Floyd Mayweather's entourage needed our table. WTF. Mind you this was a planned birthday dinner and everyone was in the middle of eating! I couldn't believe what was happening! So we all follow their wishes and bring our plates and food over to our new tables without complaining but they didn't even offer anything for having to move in the middle of our dinner! My friend had to mention something to them and I think they finally gave 20% off to the birthday boy but nothing else. So embarassing! My food never came to the new table until I asked a different waiter where it was and by then everyone was already done eating. I understand sometimes venues have to cater to high profile clientele but it should have been handled differently.
5	ProsThis review is for the Teppenyaki side.Food is incredible. I have been here a dozen times and it's always amazing.The chefs are amazing, witty and very personable. A ton of celebrities eat here. Their pictures are all over the walls so you know it's reputable.Their happy hour after midnight is great 17$ for NY Steak and Chicken combo ProsNone I think they kill Beninhanas.
4	Happy hour sushi is the best!!!! Buuuut they need new staff! Horrible serves each and every time I go. And it sucks cause I always take more then one person and it's always bad! And there cooks instead of working they just stare at you... Vet uncomfortable! And again bad service! Food is great.
5	Went here after the sema convention with a wide group of people, from Japan to Miami. The gentleman who cooked our food was awesome and I can't get over how nice he was and Ho he delivered jokes on point! Would definitely come back.
4	Great service and friendly staff!!! Happy hour starts at midnight...half price menu. Teppanyaki is awesome with some good entertainment. Best part is they're open till 4am
3	Away from the strip's fancy restaurants, this hibachi is worth a try. Recommended for a group (6 or more) on a casual/drunk night. Don't do your birthdays, special occasions here. The food is satisfying but not anything exceptional. The large portion is more than I could handle. The chef we had was entertaining with great personality but didn't put on a show like other hibachi places I've been to. The sushi wasn't bad and the drinks were pretty good. Apparently Mayweather and other celebs love going to this spot. I can't imagine why though.
5	I would have to say this is the best teppanyaki in Las Vegas. The food is amazing! My favorite thing to order is the Steak & shrimp. They have a sauce called "yum yum sauce" and it goes great with anything. Local hints;Come at midnight for the late night happy hour. The price is worth the food. This is a great place for kicks and laughs for special events. They have XXX toys lol to make you laugh off all the food you ate lol Make sure you look at all the photos of celebrities that have eaten there on the walls.
5	Easily one of the best and my personal favorite spots in Las Vegas. People don't realize that the best places to eat in Vegas are off the strip and are not inside the casinos. Don't be fooled by the fact Mushashi is inside a strip mall. Once you enter and see the wall of fame you will quickly realize this place is the REAL deal. I am pretty sure every celebrity has eaten here at some point. If you're lucky Tiger will cook for you and you will get dinner and a show. All of the chefs have great personalities and you will quickly fall in love with this place for the food and atmosphere. I typically get the Mushashi special which is enough to feed two people. I always try to finish it. Enjoy this place and spread the word!
4	Great fun change of pace from the casino restaurants.  The chef was of course fun to watch and the food was delicious.  Great to take a group for a reasonably priced fun meal.I got the ribeye and lobster hibachi meal while the rest got the namesake options.  The lobster was tasty and the steaks were all well cooked. The ice cream at the end and the fun celebrity pics topped it off.
5	My favorite place to eat in Las Vegas! If you like Benihanas you'll love Musashi. The food is so good you'll want to take 5 to go plates with you. Try the shrimp with their amazing shrimp sauce. OMG!!! Melts in your mouth. The beef soup appetizer, to all their steaks, to the seafood is just excellent. The cooks are great too. If your over 18, and with a date, ask for the X-rated rendition of their cook show! Too funny!!!
5	We've always loved this place for it's food (service is so-so especially during the late night happy hour.) but tonight was different. Our chef was Tiger, from the moment he started I was like "yes! We got the bad ass MF'er from all the pictures!" Our food was great, he made us laugh and wanted to know what we thought of our dinner. It was delicious. We had no idea who this guy was until one of the servers told us he was the owner. Very down to earth. Can't wait to come back again!
5	By far my favorite teppanyaki place in both Vegas AND Los Angeles!  The fried rice is the best I've ever had and the chefs are wonderful, friendly, and very entertaining.  Have even made the road trip just for dinner there.
5	The banana sushi is the best I've ever had! Best late night spot & friendly service. I want to try more than sushi but every time I'm there I have to get the banana sushi I wish other cities had this.vso amazing try it!!
4	I can tell you this one first thing about Musashi.  The absolute best roll of sushi I remember having in all my years of sushi nom'dom was served to me from Musashi.  I believe it to be a dragon roll type variation at the time and it was prepared by a latin chef.  It may have just been right time right place right company, but my girl also still remembers just how much that one stood out.  It was a second first date of sorts, soo..Aside from that roll.  The teppanyaki chefs are the most comical and animated here.  This being a spot that my single years most frequented I can vouch that the chefs are truly charismatic and their chef skills are a cut above.  Top notch teppanyaki.  The squid cake is tender.  The rib-eye is to die for.  *Make sure you tell the chef that you like the fat!!!* they will double grill the fat in a special sweet crunchy way and your tongue will remember it more than your first real kiss.  The teppan menus range from traditional price ranges and make sure to dish out for the Musashi special or the Tsutomu if you are pesceterian like me.  Since it is a shared table, when the chef is done with everyone elses meats then he continues to pull out additional entree's for your upper tier special you will immediately see the faces of envy upon your fellow diners!  Mwahaha!Make sure to drop a few Sake bombs down your Hiroshima to make the mood perfect.  Traditional kimono adorned waitresses will attend to your buzz for the night and I can't stress how much fun you can have at Musashi may usually equate to a taxi cab or recommended designated driver.  The night is young, or it may not be.  They do open quite late to satisfy Vegas' party people which is also another plus.I will have to admit that I haven't seen that young latin phantom chef since.  The one that cut and rolled the most prodigious piece of delectable sushi I have or may possibly ever have had in my young adult life.  However I may keep coming back to Musashi my entire lifetime.  Enjoying all the other good things that they offer, and give a glance back to the sushi counter in hopes to demystify the fabled sushi shogun.
3	I went one night after work. I went to this place by word of mouth. They had amazing prices for the after hours menu. The food was very good. Not the best teppanyaki in town by any stretch but not the worst. Id rank 2-3 places in town that i prefer. The location is great for strip visitors. Restaurant needs some upkeep as it looks old and dirty. When all is said and done I would repeat and Id also recommend. Service was good.
5	Seriously some of the best food in this town. P Diddy went here... I didn't see him but he came here and I was here... at a different time... We're pretty much best friends now.
5	Great place for a large group. The staff was very accommodating and I know that some in our party were difficult. The chef put on a terrific show and prepared a great meal. As a side note, my wife and I are both gluten free and everything was prepared so that we were able to enjoy. The entire staff seems very knowledgeable and willing to do everything they could. We will certainly be back on our next Vegas trip.
2	We arrived around 6pm and the restaurant was empty. Went to this place because it had good reviews, but I don't think it deserves the review it currently has. If you want authentic Japanese food, this is not the place. I spent more than $50 and I've been to better, cheaper, more authentic  Japanese restaurants in Vegas than this.
5	This is an awesome place to go after ending the night on the strip. Great sushi at 3 AM!! Good ambiance for late night food. Very reasonable prices.
5	Best experience and food ever. The sauces Chef made on the grill complimented the food perfectly.  Everything was exceptionally tasty and Chef was entertaining. I highly recommend getting the owner of you can. Great place to bring a group.
4	We participated in a Teppanyaki dinner experience with 8 family and friends to celebrate 2 birthdays. First I recommend making reservations and to request Chef/Owner Tsutomu aka Tiger. The chef  is well experienced and will entertain you with his artistic and culinary skills. The location of restaurant is not well marked if you are traveling north on Paradise. It is in a strip mall and the front of the building does not face Paradise. Watch for the cross street Corporate Drive. A tip -  it is across the street from Del Frisco's. The restaurant has a colorful Asian flare. The Teppanyaki dining area is separate from the room with regular dining tables. The service staff is very attentive and continues to watch over the table. Teppanyaki dining at Musashi with Chef Tsutomu is like going to the theater. Be prepared to be wowed for 2 hours.Dinner begins with a small garden salad followed by Miso Soup. The soup was very tasty and flavored with mushrooms and scallions. While you you are enjoying salad and soup the chef is busy preparing the sauces which a too many to remember. But he will provide suggestions for the food paring.The appetizers ordered were edamame and shrimp tempura. The Shishito Peppers which are seasonal were not available this night. Our group ordered a variety of entrees that included New York strip streak, shrimp, scallops, and chicken. But before the entrees the chef prepared the vegetables and fried rice.All of the items were cooked to perfection as ordered. It's a credit to the chefs experience to keep track how each person ordered the degree of doneness and level of seasoning. In my opinion the best were the scallops. They were as tender and fresh as can be expected.A great beer paring is a large bottle of Sapporo.The finale was the complementary birthday cakes complete with candle.Kudos to Chef Tsutomu for a fantastic dining experience.
5	Pros:   THE PRIME RIB DINNER (enough said now go!)Other Pros:   Famous people come here   Cool friendly chef   Decent amount of seating   Easy parking   Off strip chillax   Draft beers, wine and sake! They have vodka infused flavor sakes pretty goodCons:   Decor kinda blah...but its probably just keeping to its roots
5	Amazing and tasty. I've eaten at many teppanyaki places and they're usually all about the show and the food is ok. This place had both, good show and delicious food. We had Chef Octavio. He made amazing sauces for our lobster, shrimp, ribeye, filet etc. Garlic sauce, lemon butter, teriyaki... We were stuffed.  Great price for what you get.
1	They totally blew the whole evening for us and our 6 guests from out of town. We've been to Mushasi many times and the service was always good and the food great. So we wanted to take friends there to enjoy it too. We called for reservations for a whole table - for 8 persons - you can only squeeze in 9 if someone sits across from the sink - YUCK! The earliest we could get was 9 PM for a whole table - but OK. We got there at 9 PM but no table was available. Waited 20 minutes at the bar and ordered two bottles of saki. Finally they had a table cleared and ready for us - or so we thought. In the ultimate of INSULTS and RUDENESS the hostess then takes two guys that came in after us, without reservations and seats them at the freshly cleared table! Then tells our party of eight - well here's an extra chair you can cram 5 adults in space where four adults usually fit. You don't mind rubbing elbows with each other do you? The other three of our party had to sit around the corner with one opposite the wash sink! You don't mind sharing your reserved table with two BOZOS who just walked in do you? WELL, YES, I DO MIND - I MIND A LOT! What happened to our reservations for a table I ask. Well, you can take it or leave or wait an hour they say.... I asked for Tiger - not there. Asked for his number - no way! Asked they have him call me - no way. We sucked it up and had these two foreign language speaking BOZOS rudely barged in at our table. We only stayed because at 9:30 I couldn't think of another restaurant close by that was open and my guests were hungry. To ADD FURTHER INSULT when the other side of this cooking area opened they set it for EIGHT PLACES! When I suggested they should just seat us there they said - only of you want to wait another hour for a cook!If Tiger was there this would not have happened. He knows how to treat his good long time customers - like us - we knew him when he was at Hamada's working as a chef. They had no management there who understood the least about PR and keeping customers happy. They didn't even TRY to make us satisfied. They didn't comp a meal or even a $24. bottle of saki. They didn't give a damn if a ten year customer walked out never to return because of their abominable disrespect, rudeness and discourtesy.I even hand wrote a note addressed to Tiger and asked Tiger's brother in law to give it to Tiger. The note asked Tiger to call me.  My cell phone has not rung. This says it all....I seriously doubt my wife and I will ever return and will certainly never do so with friends - for the only thing we can expect is to be treated with great rudeness, discourtesy and a don't give a damn if you stay or go attitude.Tiger needs to clean house and get those extremely rude employees out of there. They will poison his business behind his back. Too bad. Musashi used to be one of our favorite restaurants.
5	Great food, great show, great prices. OMG the sauces. Had a blast here at NYE
5	This place is a must! I ordered the filet mignon, it was some of the best streak I've ever had. My boyfriend ordered the streak and shrimp, and it was to die for! The fried rice, miso soup, were so yummy, every thing was on point. The service was great too, Tiger was our chef, I laughed so hard that my cheeks hurt by the end of dinner! The bar tender was sweet, and the host was great too. The price was very fair. I really cannot say one bad thing about this place. I will be back...a lot!
