4	The Black Bear Diner is housed in the old Kukendutch on Jones and Tropicana and is a good, family friendly place.  Decorated like a mountain lodge, it serves up delicious, hearty fare at a reasonable price.  The burgers are great, the blackberry cobbler is absolutely to die for, and kids go nuts for their happy fries.  (Those are fries in the shape of a happy face - who wouldn't go nuts for them?)  For a neighborhood restaurant, it doesn't get much better than this.The waitresses can be a little inattentive and the service a bit slow at time which is the only thing that detracts from this awesome little hole in the wall.
4	Stopped by this place on the way to Red Rock Casino.  I went ahead and got the 3/4 pound Big Bear Burger that takes up the whole plate.  My local friend said the breakfast they serve is oversized if you want.  Some oversized people up in here too.  I got a kick out of the large bear carvings inside and out.  The waitresses also make fresh o.j. with the machines sitting right in the dining area.  What a trip.
4	part of my power walk routine ....although this last week it was jog - power walk ...at times i'll stop at fresh and easy, other times, albertson's and if it's one of those days i didn't wake up until 10 or so ( sorry boodah for late breakfast ! )  then i might end the exercise at the doorsteps of black bear diner ....it's all about the breakfast ( they are open for lunch and heck...maybe dinner...not even sure ! ) my sis loves their country fried steak ...just give me the ham steak, eggs and those biscuits and i'm a happy camper !!!  i'm not sure...but the place might actually be a chain....it doesn't feel that way ..it feels like a local hangout....if you need a good hearty breakfast and your on the westside - black bear diner is worth a looksy
5	I make it a point to have breakfast/brunch here at least once every time I am out in Vegas.  (Man, it's going to be way easier when I finally move here).  I can sit here and rave about everything on their menu, their service, attentiveness, etc.  But it would take forever.Food is amazing, service is great.  Decor is definitely a trip, with Big wooden bears watching over you.  They manage to through in a bit of nostalgia as well - the placemats are copies of actual 1950s Vegas news articles.  Don't let the parking lot fool you - i've never had to wait more than 5 minutes for a table.  Eggs are cooked perfectly.  Chicken fried steak (one of my favorites when I am there) is dead-on.  Burgers are perfect, and HUGE.  I can't say enough.And for those visiting, and looking for an alternative to the breakfast buffets, and all that crap.  Get in your car, and get over there.  Now.
4	I went here for breakfast with the gf and the kids one Sunday.  I heard about this place from Yelp and wanted to check it out.  I like diner eating sometimes because it's a break from so many buffet type places here.  We should have got here earlier on a Sunday, because it was super busy!  Good sign that the food is good here.  We had to wait maybe 10 minutes for a booth but no biggie.  The decor was cool, apparently they're into Black Bears...ha ha...they were all over the place!When we got sat at our booth, we were right next to this huge machine with oranges.  I had to ask, and our waiter said they squeeze fresh juice from oranges every day.  What a trip.  Too bad it was like more than $3 per glass, a bit pricey but I guess you pay for freshness.  Their menus were cool too, printed on old newspaper articles.  Their menu was big, and we had tons of choices from the breakfast and lunch menus to choose from.  I love my breakfast, so I ended up choosing their 'Volcano' breakfast...it's their most popular.  I got three HUGE pancakes (As big as the plate...I opted for the 7-grain Almond ones for a buck more), 2 scrambled eggs, 2 sausage links, and 2 thick pieces of bacon.  This plate was made for a king!  Wasn't bad for only 8 bucks and change either.  It was seriously one of the best breakfast dishes....ever.  Pancakes were moist and buttery, the links were snap fresh, the eggs were great, and the bacon was oh so yummylicious (nice thick strips).  This beats IHOP and Denny's any day.Their burgers are humongous as well.  One of the kids had a Bob's Big Bear Burger, the Califoria Burger to be exact.  It's a 3/4 pound (big) burger and had avocado and jack cheese, as well as your standard fixin's of lettuce, tomato, grilled onion, and pickle.  It was too big to put in your mouth!  We had to cut it in fourths just to dig in.  They give you a huge portion of fries too, crisp and delicious.  With some ketchup and ranch, these are pretty killer.  I will be going to this place again when I get the craving for some great diner food.  People were nice and courteous, but also quick.  Good quality and value for the dollar.  I can't believe this place is a franchise!  Sure don't seem like it with the down home charm and the unique decor.
5	A great value, with good service and great food.No huge casino to walk through. Just park and right in the door to start the only hard part of the meal, deciding what to order. Do I get Breakfast, Dinner, tri-tip, should I have onion rings or save room for their huge "pies-for-one"Enjoy your decision and your meal.
4	This is probably one of my favorite places for breakfast. The food always comes in gigantic portions, so make sure you're hungry when you go. The restaurant is decorated like a Mountain Lodge, and reminds me of something that would be in Northern California. I think that's where the first Black Bear was started. The menu looks like an old newspaper from the 50s, and there's so many things to choose from. The Portuguese Linguisa (sausage) excellent and they have the best coffee. There's nothing like good, hearty, home style cooking.
5	Far as breakfast diners go this is my favorite! I love this place!! I have been to them all over including the original in Shasta, CA. It beats the heck out of other breakfast diners!
5	I read the reviews and wanted to try it, and I'm so glad I did!  First of all, everyone who works there was soooo nice and friendly, which is awesome.  I got the "small" version of... I can't remember what it was called but I'm pretty sure the word 'volcano' was in it.  Anyway it was 3 DELISH pancakes with an egg on top, and a sausage for $6.  Like I said, it's the "small" version and I couldn't even finish it.  Soooo good!  Their pancakes are to die for!My mom got a Caesar salad that had won ton strip thingys and cashews in it.  She thought she'd eat half and save the rest for later, but she couldn't stop eating it.  I tried it and it was soooo good.  The chicken is a fresh breast of chicken, not lame cubes of it from a can or anything, and the dressing is excellent.  Try it!
5	The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun. morning!) be sure to go early or expect a wait, even though it is worth it. Also make sure you go hungry. Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.But don't just go for breakfast, their lunch and dinner items are to die for. They always treat you nice here, no matter how busy. They offer great value in dining out. These are the kind of people we need more of here in Vegas.
5	This place rocks, I love the food and the service is awesome. When I first walked in I loved the atmosphere and the food was delicious.  You can get whatever type of meal you want anytime of day. I miss the old Kukendutch but this is very good too.  I enlisted in the Navy back in 1997, at that time this was Kukendutch, but they did a very good job in getting a great place goingI am getting out of the Navy in a few months and I will move close to my favorite eating place.Check this place out soon.
4	Big portions, good food, acceptable prices, and somewhat friendly service. I only came for the breakfast (at lunchtime) and didn't feel bad ordering the hungry bear or whatever it was called. My brother ordered the chicken fried steak and found he preferred country fried steak more. Everything is good though, from the sausages to the eggs to the hash browns, to the ham. At around $8-$9 a person, we left with tax and tip for two people at $25.The waitress was kind of short with us and in a hurry, and we didn't even come on a weekend or during breakfast. We were totally the only Asian people in the vicinity.
5	I can't believe no one has been raving about the BISCUITS! They are huge, like softball size(see photos) and very tasty. I eat here everytime I venture to Vegas and every visit has been nothing short of awesome! The steak and eggs was very good, the steak tender and flavorful. I have been here a couple times for lunch and it was equally good. I think I had the patty melt and my friend had the chicken fried steak, which was huge and covered in country gravy. I totally recommend this place. It's a few miles off the strip, but well worth the drive.
3	I will preface this by saying I am very critical of breakfast restaurants. Staff is very friendly and on point at all times. The look of the place is fun too stuffed bears fill a small shelf that trims the interior. Carved bears and cute chachki gifts for purchase. I am a firm believer that if you have a signature dish it should knock me over, or at least be something I will talk about. Black Bears trophy meal is Chicken Fried Steak (also one of my guilty pleasures). Firstly get the freakin orange slice, parsley and plastic portion cups off my plate (All these things just say Denny's,IHOP). Eggs were cooked right, Hash Browns were good, Chicken fried steak was just OK. It is panko crusted gravy was not very flavorfull and I got a lump of flour or whatever they thickened it with. For me to not finish a Chicken Fried steak is a big deal. The other diner had a Choriso,Green Chili, and Cheese Omlette. My first bite was a sinuey grissel and cheese that was spicey. Not the best Choriso I have had. The Coffee here is so weak that I didn't even finish one cup. I ordered milk when it came the plastic cup smelled like dish cleaner and was still wet? This place is driven by an older crowd and that explains the weak coffee and bland food. Not the mediocre choriso though. This is also a chain so the recipes are not changing, and from the 20 min. wait to get in why would they. This is more from the lack of enough Rock Star breakfast spots, than a salute to the quality of Black Bear itself. As of yet Hash House A Go Go and some select casino spots are still holding the top spot by a large margin.  I am gonna give them 3 stars this is driven by the ambiance and service.
3	Our eggs were lukewarm, the biscuits dry, and it just didn't blow us away.  It's a chain, from the menu description of other locations, and I wont be visiting the location near my home.  You do get big portions, but the food just isn't great.  It doesn't taste fresh, and it wasn't cooked with particular care.  The stuffed animals inside seem like huge dust collectors.  The booth had no padding, so unless you balanced very carefully, your behind was on wood struts under the seat and nothing else.  I feel bad saying this, but it didn't seem much different than Denny's, just bigger portions.  The service was nice, if not present often, and it has a homey ambiance.  It just wasn't great.
4	We have eaten here a couple of times and have loved it. The corned beef hash was great. The stuffed chicken was really good. The chicken fried steak was good.....until this last time. All of the sides were really good (potatoes, eggs, biscuits) but they burnt the breading on the chicken fried steak. It was dry and had a overcooked taste to it. Everyone else at the table loved their meal, and I've had their chicken fried steak before and it tasted fine. It was just a mistake on the kitchen staff, but that doesn't mean I won't come back again. Service was friendly and fast - even though they were very busy. Portion sizes are big, so will will probably have left overs. They also have a huge menu. The waitress mentioned to us that the whole menu - breakfast, lunch and dinner - is served all day. Unlike their California locations that serve each group separate. She said that Vegas is the only location that does that. So there is a lot of choices. Out of all the restaurants we took my mom to in Vegas. This one was her favorite.
5	We had breakfast here.  The portions are LARGE, the price is right and the food is great. OMG! - The biscuits, so so good!!   If you like hashbrowns, this place knows hashbrowns.  Decor is fun, lots of bears, stuffed, wooden etc.  The staff was friendly and service was good.  Thanks Yelp for recommending this place.  Next time we are in Vegas we'll go here again.
5	I was skeptical at first because i did not see any people of color when i first walked in and felt a little out of place. I am from San Francisco and it is always diversity.  But that was just me feeling unbalanced after walking 7 miles in the CES conference...lol... I had a great experience here, the waiter was very friendly and the place was neat. I did not have to go to the restroom so I cannot judge the cleanliness there. The place was also clean at the table and plates / look. I tried to order the  smalls portion on the menu and it was still large. At this place you get more bang for your buck. I would recommend this place... My hubby said the homemade biscuits were sooooooo good and huge. I would definitely come here again when I visit Vegas. My taste buds was off on the steak I ordered, don't get fried steak unless you want fried foods. I had a taste for the sauteed steak. But overall it was so cool. The waiter noticed my feelings towards my meal and acknowledge them.  But I felt like Inside this place it felt like a you were not even in Vegas but in a very homely secure place.
4	If you come here for something other than the delicious food you are coming here for the wrong reasons. I agree with other reviewers about the typically unfriendly waitstaff but even they cannot take away from the quality and quantity of the food at the Black Bear. Being a vegetarian who occasionally eats eggs my options are a bit limited but the BBD shines in allowing me to make substitutions that do not impact the price. My favorite is the Mt. Shasta with the country potatos that cannot be beat.
4	I finally found a restaurant in Vegas that I will visit again!!!I had the open faced turkey sandwich and a side salad. The turkey was all white meat and moist. The gravy was smooth and a perfect temperature. The lettuce in the salad was fresh - no brown pieces - and the ranch dressing had a nice mild taste. My husband had a scramble with ham and sausage. I tasted the hash browns and was pleasantly surprised because they were not greasy like many that you find. I also tasted his eggs and they were cooked perfectly - scrambled hard, just the way I like them.Service was good as well. We did not wait to be seated or served. Our waitress was very nice and checked on us just the right amount of times. She also brought me a refill on my soda before I asked. Overall, it was a great experience. I will be going back to try one of my other standard meals (that I rate all restaurants by) - chicken burger, club sandwich, or french toast.
5	Step away from the Denny's! This place offers an awesome breakfast, not too far from the strip.Pancakes were fluffy and creamy good, and the standard eggs and sausage were delivered fast and hot. My husband ordered an eggs and sausage breakfast with FIVE big links of sausage--breakfast meat heaven.Very kitschy decor with bear stuff all over the place, and the crowd here seemed full of locals more than tourists.
4	uggghh, after a wild night of partying, and a morniing of 'where am i" and "who are these people?"we took a cab to this place,first off.. this is a bit off the strip, but when i walked in i swear i thought i was in frontier land at disneyland and customer service is great.sure this place is small, but their menu is a newspaper !!!this is a great place for breakfast!!! you'll love it! and its reasonably priced!!!Raymond (the little old guy manager) treats you like your his best friendthe onlyh thing i reccomend is that you don't cab it... take the bus..its right on tropicana (west)
5	What a place! They have an extensive menu for food for anytime of the day. All items are available 24hrs a day except for the baked potato. We ate breakfast and I had the best granola pancakes i've ever had. The service is friendly and very helpful. I liked it that they had menu items for smaller appetites. I can't  wait  to go back for dinner.
4	I stopped in for lunch this past weekend. The place has a real country/rustic feel to it with its fake wood columns and beams, wooden bear sculptures, and nature paintings. It's a cozy and comfy environment. The menus are kinda cool because they're designed like a newspaper with the food and drinks listed on the inside.Come hungry because portions are big. I got the bacon bleu burger, a huge burger loaded with bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and bleu cheese with a massive pile of fries taking up every available square inch of the rest of the plate. It was really tasty and more than I could eat. My kid got some apple cinnamon french toast, which was cut in thin strips. He enjoyed it but it was a little too soggy for me when I tried it (I always stuff myself silly when we go out to eat because I eat my food and usually his food that he doesn't finish). He also liked all the stuffed teddy bears lined along the walls.Service was friendly, but after we got our food we didn't see our waitress again until we flagged her down to get the check. It would have been nice to get a  refill on drinks.I thought this might be locally owned, but it's a franchise. One of 42 locations throughout the west coast, Arizona, and Colorado. It's a pretty good place to go for lunch and their breakfast items looked appetizing. It's definitely worth another few visits. 3.5 stars rounded up to 4.
4	So the wife and I decided on a whim to head to BBD for breakfast a couple sunday's ago. What we discovered was the same great food, with better service. I don't know if they have the friendly staff come in during the weekend mornings, but our waitress was the most friendly and attentive we have had at BBD. So even though they are not always on top of their game here, there are shining moments.
4	on a recent vegas trip, the crew wanted something different. hence, we ventured off the strip to look for some 'local' eateries. 'black bear diner' popped up on yelp. because it had bear in its name, i said hell yes!anyhow, this place looks like it came out of some ski/snow resort up in tahoe. awesome and pretty at the same time. i think their theme is "goldie locks and the three bears". they had a lot of wooden bear statues - perfect for photo opportunities. did you know that black bears can practically run up trees? crazy.the yelp reviews raved about the pancakes. unfortunately, i'm not a pancake fan. maybe i just haven't had any decent ones growing up. so we all stuck mostly to the typical breakfast food - omelets. i mean, if you mess up eggs, you're not really much of a diner. i got the california omelet and boy these yelpers sure weren't kidding about the portions. it was LOADED with avocado and mushrooms, inside AND on top. i've been trying to avoid those buffets in vegas because of the quantity - this was equally as bad. the actual omelet lacked flavor, so i had to play with the salt a bit. the amount of avocado, bacon, and mushrooms made up for it. the biscuit, though large and house made, was rather flavorless without the butter + honey. the only constant that you can't go wrong with are the potatoes. i chose the red potatoes over the hash brown because it had a little bit of green - bell peppers. 4 stars - 3.5 for the food - extra .5 for the decor.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE !!  We were in Vegas for a week this past March.  We came to this diner based on the Yelp reviews.  WOW!  Great food, lots of food, we found our breakfast haven.   My boyfriend and I love breakfast.  Huge portions, very fresh and tasty.  The pancakes are so good, sweet, fluffy, corned beef and eggs, the best I've ever had.  We forgot about the other places on our list to have breakfast and came back to this place 4 days in a row.  The service was good.  The restaurant comfy, enough space in the booths to eat a lot and breath.  YUMMMM....skip the Vegas breakfast buffets.  Find the nearest Black Bear Diner.  Oooooohhh.....I'm having Black Bear breakfast flashbacks!  Good times.
5	This has got to be the best country breakfast ever. The service is good, they treat you like family. We had the country fried steak and eggs. The portions were huge, and there was a bigger portion on the menu. I myself had the rib-eye steak and eggs. The food came out fast and fresh. The biscuits were like pillows of goodness. The price was spot on too. For a big breakfast away from the crowds of strip try this place you will love it aas much as we did.
5	This place gets crazy busy on the weekends but well worth the wait. Very, very large portions and very satisfying. If you are on a diet, you should not eat breakfast here. The only problem is my husband who is a teacher always runs into his kids here which deters us from going more often. Not the fault of the restaurant, of course.
4	You know you picked a good spot when you pull into the massive shopping complex and all the cars parked in the lot are near the Black Bear Diner.  It was crowded, but there were enough tables for me.  I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak with Biscuit.  The steak is deep fried. Crispy on the outside smothered with gravy.  A good flavor to the gravy.  The biscuit was huge.  I had the normal size portion. They have a larger size order for those who really want to eat.  Service was top notch.  If I wasn't a tourist, I would eat here everyday.  Go eat some Bear. You'll like it.
1	my girlfriend and I went there on a Tuesday food was great biscuts and gravy are good my pancakes and eggs and potatoes and Ham steak and 2 slices of bacon and side of patty sausage were good. We made the mistake of going back again on Thursday morning.  I ordered the Pancakes again with an egg over medium. My girlfriend ordered the French toast and Scrambled eggs.  The food was horrible my GF French toast had no flavor whatsoever it was like they dipped it in egg batter and just threw it on the griddle no vanilla no cinnamon except for trace of it on the plate then the manager comes over and says " Well French Toast is dipped in egg batter"  Like it was our fault the food was bland.  Then they use a cinammon roll to compensate for the regular french toast being so bland which was so sweet they should make you a dentist appointment after you eat it. Needless to say I will never ever go back there again absolutley horrible food and horrible waitress and horrible manager.Also if you do go to this abyssmal place make sure you don't bring your children they will have their life force sucked out by all of the senior citizens waiting for the bland souless meals that pass for food in this place.
5	Black bear is one of my favorite places in the valley to eat.  It's diner, comfort food at it's finest.This go around we went for a late breakfast.  Had to wait about 15 minutes (Sunday around 1130AM), but it was no biggie.  We ordered from the lighter fare section of the menu and got a Small Volcano (around $7-8) and a basic egg, sausage patty, hashbrowns, and biscuit (about $6-7).  The small volcano came with 1 sausage (subbed for bacon, no problem), 1 bacon, 1 egg, and 3 pancakes (for $1 more I got the oat/nut pancakes).  I eat big, but still didn't finish the pancakes.  More than enough food.  Good, crispy bacon, simple scrambled egg, and some pretty tasty, hearty pancakes.  All was delicious, and we both hoped they'd come take our plates quickly so we'd stop picking at them.Service was good.  Coffee kept coming, food came quickly, waitress knew all the answers.  Black Bear never disappoints.  Total was about $24 with tip, a tea, a coffee, and the 2 meals.
5	Honestly, I have never heard of Black Bear Diner before I came here. I thought it was a Vegas/ Nevada thing. Turns out, theres 40+ locations all over the Western U.S., including 4 in the Bay Area. WTF? Shame on me. I wish I learned about it earlier. I would have been coming here more often, checking-in as a regular, and enjoying "bang for your buck" meals. Speaking of food, if you're craving a lil bit of everything for Breakfast, order "The Grizz." It comes with 2 of their special pancakes, 3 eggs, 2 strips of bacon, 2 sausage links, 1 piece of ham steak and hash browns. They're pretty easy-going on changing things up if you desire. So instead of the 2 bacon strips, I replaced it with 2 more sausage links and in place of hash browns, I went with potatoes. Better. Much Better. I couldn't believe how big the portions were. I'm still thinking about it. The sausage links are not your average-sized links. No Jimmy Dean, you couldn't out do these sausages. And when the menu said ham steak, I didn't think it was a HUGE ham steak. Not really big but like I said, above-average, cooked just right. Also, the eggs came in 3 and not your usual 2. It helps to have one more. I was happy with the exchange of hash browns with potatoes. They weren't salty at all and they also threw in some chopped veggies. Good contrast in taste and made me wanna finish. I saved the pancakes for last. I didn't really see what was so special about them but just thought they were alright. If by special they meant size, then yes, they win there. Large pancakes for an already large meal. Overall, very complete meal, like it was meant for two.Our waitress took our orders WITHOUT a pen and paper; she checked-in on us; AAAND she returned my friend's pair of very expensive sunglasses he had left on the table. Say it with me: WOW. I don't t remember the last time I received service like that but it deserves 5 stars on its own. Besides that, breakfast seems best served here. Diner joints like Denny's don't compare. They make Grand Slams look like a joke. The place is a little weird when you first walk in and see all the stuffed bears hung up across the walls and ceilings, as if someone has a fetish with furry animals or something. But it just feeds into the whole concept of the diner. I figured they must've won all the stuffed bears from Circus Circus, being that it's located in Vegas, but then again I haven't visited other Black Bear Diners so I wouldn't know. Anywho, I may not be in Vegas sometime soon to return here but at least now I have the pleasure of hitting up other ones closer to home. See for yourself.
5	OMG, this place is so adorable.   It's 4 miles off the Strip.   Outside there were a few wooden bears, a fun photo op if my son was willing.   This place reminds me of the cute diners in smaller towns, not what I expect from worldly Vegas.  Upon entering, we were warmly greeted by the host and immediately seated.  The waittress was attentive and we were served our coffee and milk right away.  She suggested the chicken fried steak which is a fave here.  Hubby decided to be adventurous and ordered it. Portuguese sausage was on the menu as well, which is unusual for a non Hawaiian restaurant to offer.   Maybe next time, but this time, I ordered my usual diner breakfast... Eggs benedict with Hollandaise sauce on the side.  Plus, the fruit on the side was plentiful which was an absolute delight.  I actually took that to go as a snack for later on.  I also got the diced potatoes while hubby tried the the hashbrowns. He also got the fluffiest Buttermilk biscuit to sop up the gravy.  He raved that everything was homemade.  Note: You have to eat the biscuit before it gets cold.Son got the Strawberry Waffle off the kids menu.  It was big enough for adults and had lots of fresh strawberries, not the gooey artificial kind. I loved the diced potatoes as they were tasty,  nothing here was too salty.  There were stuffed bears all lined up high on the wall to complement the Bear theme.  Also, the menus were cute in that they were newspapers with the menu items listed on the inside. Our food arrived timely and since we got there around 8:30 am on a Saturday, we got a table.  Around 9ish, a line started to form. The clientele appears to be mainly locals, families, seniors, etc. We were so satisfied that hubby and I didnt even eat lunch that day. We recommended Black Bear to our cousin and her hubby, locals who had never heard of Black Bear, and they came in on Sunday.  They loved it too.  Now, we have a great alternative to the hotel buffets.  Expect to pay about $10 per person.
5	Loved this place, you don't know youre in Vegas when you walk in! Any place that serves breakfast all day is already on the top of my list! I had the sweet cream pancakes, veeeerrrryyyy rich and buttery. You almost don't need syrup with them they're so yummy by themselves. They have another type, almond granola that I'm anxious to try the next time I'm there. The waitress we had was enthusiastic, friendly and talkative and you could tell she loves what she does. My husband had the turkey dinner and it was also delish. The decor is a bit strange with stuffed bears everwhere but oddly endearing. Can't wait to go back to this restaurant! Being from the east coast, (upstate NY) this is something you'd expect to find- we were right at home here!
3	The Skinny: so-so food at very affordable prices (3) service - okay, but not outstanding (3) value: very large portion sizes for the price (3).We've been wanting to try this place out because of their breakfast specials. After a 5 mile morning hike to burn off some calories, we decided to finally hit the BBD for some good eats.My hubby and I went with a bunch of pals. It was hit or miss whether the food was good.My hubby enjoyed his ribs and fries - a very large portion size. The ribs were fall off the bone and layered with a good amount of BBQ sauce. They weren't the best ribs ever but they were good for the price. The corn muffin was not good due to the fact that it was stone cold. My hubby said that my corn muffins are better regardless... and I make mine from a box (Trader Joe's, baby), LOL!I ordered their famous 7 almond granola pancakes ($6.99) which were alright. They are a rather large size (not Hash House a Go-Go size, but big enough). The flavours  were okay but the main issue was texture. They didn't have quite the fluffiness on the inside due to the amount of granola. Nor did they have the nice crispness on the outside either.Our waitress was fine for a diner setting. She split our checks without a problem and was okay with the refills.Overall, considering the service, food and value - this place rates a 3 star review.
4	YUM. Venture off the Strip and the tourists to eat where the locals eat. The Portuguese sausage and eggs were incredible, especially with a big, so-fluffy-it's-hard-to-eat biscuit on the side. The only reason this is four stars instead of five is the so-so coffee. But huge portions, and great food make it a perfect place to fuel up before a day of Vegas sightseeing.
4	We decided to try this place b/c of the reviews on yelp and we were looking for a great breakfast place past 10am. Everyone was very nice and it was packed on a Friday at 11am, which was a good sign. The hubby and I had the chicken fried steak and eggs and the kids (off the regular menu) had the ham and cheese omelet & the eggs Benedict. You must try the biscuit which was awesome. The next time we are in Vegas we will stop in here again- it was close enough to the freeway to be our last stop before heading home!
4	when i lived in california, we would travel 30 min. to hit up black bear diner.. it was a really popular spot that people would line up and wait for.when we moved to vegas, we were stoked that there was a black bear diner that wasn't 30 minutes away... yet was totally all that the black bear diner at home was: AWESOME.the portions are huge.. from the breakfasts to the lunch salads.. HUGE as a bear.  i love love breakfast.. [it's my favorite food] me and my son  usually always order the grizz or i personally love the california omelette which is soooo good.  another great from this place are the biscuits and gravy. duuude, so good.my daughter loves their french toast and their taco salad which comes in a huge huge crispy taco bowl.  husband loves the big foot which is a humongo chicken fried steak smothered in gravy. we love to come here on random weekends when we feel like a big ass breakfast for brunch... it's a good place to knock out two meals because of the portions.still love this place, in cali or vegas...
5	This is my favorite breakfast place in Vegas. It's in kind of a ghetto shopping center. The portions are so huge that I can't even finish half of my serving. They have lighter portions, which I still can't finish. I love their biscuits and gravy. Everything I've tried on their breakfast menu is awesome. Even better I believe they serve breakfast all day.
4	we were tired of eating on the strip, and decided to change up our eating routine while in Vegas. I am so glad we did. We were greeted by a very friendly man, who showed us to our seats. There we were greeted by another friendly waitress. I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak and eggs, and the better half ordered a Pancake breakfast. My meal also came with a biscuit and hashbrowns. The Biscuit was light as air, and I ordered it covered in gravy (my heart will thank me later). I normally skip the hashbrowns, as most are just cooked enough to pass as edible, this order however was fantastic, most of the hashbrowns were actually brown, and crispy just the way I love them. the Chicken fried steak was so tender that I could cut it with my fork, and the eggs were cooked perfectly. I tried the better half's pancakes, and bacon both were fantastic. overall I was ecstatic on our choice to venture out off the strip, and I look forward to my next visit
4	Definitely going to be coming back here again. A country bear atmosphere, nice and clean. Everyone that works there was very friendly and made you feel at home. The menu is inside the newspaper they hand you... took me a second to figure that out :) Pancakes and Eggs Benedict were delicious! The desert looked very appetizing, however the breakfast was so large, I had no room left. Nonetheless I look forward to trying it when I return again. They have several credo's they try to follow. If you need changes they're willing to accommodate if possible. I did need changes to the potatoes, they didn't get it exactly right, however I'm sure if I am more clear of my needs in the future, they'll do everything they can to make it right. Also a small add, however very welcomed, is that they have flavored creamer for the coffee. Always a pleasant surprise! **small note: Kids eat free if they bring in their teddy bear on Tuesday's :)
5	This is the best kept secret in Las Vegas.  The food is awesome!!!!!  My husband and I have been living in the valley for some 15+ years and eat out quite a bit, but we have never had such good American home made food in this town.  EVERYTHING is made fresh and from scratch!  Awesome...awesome...awesome!  We went for the first time early this morning for breakfast and back this evening for dinner.  The RJ really needs to get over to check this place out.  It will be voted BEST in Las Vegas!
5	Got the corn bread and eggs Benedict. And great service very friendly
5	Deserves 10 stars and its own category!We were in LV on vacation and we prefer to find the locals' hangouts rather than the national chains and strip buffets.Having said that:1. best decaf coffee I had the entire trip - smooth, fresh.  DH said the regular was equally as good (I had 3 cups with breakfast - unheard of for me!!).2. great selection of breakfast options.  I found the perfect "size" for me (less than the volcano which DH had, but bigger than the senior plate).3. sweet cream pancakes - too die for!  just wonderful! freshly made, not heavy, very rich, very buttery.4. sausage - they say they make their own.  I am from PA where many butcher shops make their own sausage so I think I am quite a good judge there - and their sausage was fantastic!  Grilled, not deep fried like so many places today.5.  eggs over easy were just that - and not covered in grease.6.  wait staff was perfect - paid attention to refilling and checking on you but not "in your face" - so hard to find that balance anymore.So do yourself a favor - if you are there on vacation, venture up to the BBD with the locals - you will not be disappointed!
4	Best place to get a big, hearty breakfast. CInnamon roll french toast is phenomenal!
4	Yummy!!! I got to go here for breakfast and it was so good. The place is filled with bears, bears everywhere. From the chainsaw carved statues outside to the teddy bears lining the walls, there is even a little carved bear near the register you can have a "Kodiak" moment with. I had the meal tittled "The Grizz" and for 9.99 it was a sweet deal of two sausages, two strips of bacon, three eggs, a piece of ham, choice of potatoes and two pancakes. While the meat was good and the pancakes were really fluffy, the potatoes were a little bland. A couple shakes of the salt and a squirt of ketchup took care of that. The coffee was also very rich and I loved that the table came stocked with flavored creamers. I wish this place was a little closer to home because I'd be here every week. There are so few decent places for breakfast in this town and this place just rocks. The service was great, everyone was very friendly. I am a cinnamon roll junkie and as I was leaving I spied one in the front case bigger than my face. I'll be back to conquer one of those bad boy. I've got a new favorite breakfast place. I can only imagine the rest of the menu is just as awesome.
4	Great chicken fried steak ....
5	I have always been a big fan of Black Bear. If you are into home-style diner cooking this is the place for you. I have rarely finished a meal there, which is not a bad thing since I love leftovers. The menu is huge, the portions are huge but the cost is reasonable. This place smokes Denny's for breakfast and they put IHOP's pancakes to shame.  I have eaten at black bear too many times to count but occasionally I have I had a bad meal at black bear, but that would be 1 out of 100 maybe. Worth noting  is the variety of breakfast meats you can get. In addition to the usual bacon, sausage, ham they also serve chorizo, linquica, corned beef, ground beef and tri tip dishes. I only have two small nit picks. First I wish they had more then one location in Vegas, (HINT HINT I hope your listening Black Bear, put one up north!). Second I wish they would go back to their old steak fries. What they serve now is just not as good their old ones which were the bomb. Regardless of my small complaints they deserve all 5 stars.
5	Wow!! I was very pleased with this place. Came on a Sunday and did not have to wait for a table. That was a plus. I ordered something called a Volcano which has 3 big pancakes and an egg & sausage. They make the pancakes with sweet cream. They were the best I have ever had. The sausage is also made from scratch. The service was top notch. Never had an empty coffee or water. The hubby had to try the grilled cheese and  fries. He really enjoyed them and the fries are really fresh..I had to sneak one to sample. Can't wait to come back here again.
5	The hubby and I have been coming here for years and ALWAYS get a great breakfast.  The servers are all very friendly & service is with a smile.  The food is amazing and tastes like something your grandma would make.  Love that the owner always is walking around checking on you.   My only "complaint" is that there is so much good stuff to choose from that ordering for me sometimes takes longer than the actual cooking of my breakfast!
2	Well.... they say on the menu the Chicken fried steak is the #1 seller and I agree it's good.  We went there today hoping the rest of the menu is on par with the CFS.  Well.... we can see why everyone gets the CFS.  The bacon was like beef jerky.  Too chewy.  Not crispy.  The biscuit minus gravy was a bit dry.  Even butter wasn't enough to moisten it.  Gravy is the only solution.  The homemade corned beef has was meh.  It was just shredded corned beef brisket with some potatoes.  They need to grill the hash so it's has more crisp.  The hash browns are also a bit soggy.  A small amount of crisp, but not enough to want to finish the hash browns.  The sweet cream pancakes were very sweet.  Tasted like angel food cake batter was used to make the pancakes.   I didn't realize this place was a chain.  I thought it was a local mom and pop shop.  Now I realize the CFS was something special that got me to come back, but the bacon being like jerky is something that would make me not come back.   A disappointing 2 stars for the sequel to this story.
4	This morning I had the cornbeef hash and eggs, also a short stack o pancakes. The cornbeef hash is made in house  . The meat is shredded , reminds me of the canned new Zealand cornbeef, which is a good product. I rather have the cornbeef diced.The pancakes r very good they even taste good without syrup . This restaurant is one of our favs. The food is consistent breakfast. , lunch and dinner.  This is our 'go to' for american comfort food.
3	The food is just all right. Nothing spectacular and honestly, you can probably find any other diner in town that is the same if not better. That being said, I come here whenever I want food on the cheap, in my neighborhood served by friendly staff in a timely manner.The wait staff is pleasant and friendly and how can you not like the decor. Bears, bears and more bears!It's best to probably go for breakfast or dessert. Their lunch and dinners are nothing to write home about. Definitely check out the Blackbeary Cobbler a la mode. It's devine and oh so cheap!!! :)
4	This morning woke up an wanted a hearty breakfast, for me that means black bear diner, great food big portions, I had the Joe bear scramble( eggs, season ground beef , spinach , sausage, onions and topped w/ cheese piled on diced red potato, I don't know y I do this but I had to try the cinnamon French toast.  They get two cinnamon rolls split it , egg wash it put it on griddle , very good jus takes a little syrup already sweet . Service was on point, even though it was very busy. I don't know how they can b so consistent even when they r getting slammed.
5	Great place for good old home cooking! My husband and I found this place years ago and have been going ever since we moved to the Valley. The consistency has always been there, breakfast, lunch or dinner. Who doesn't love a hearty breakfast? I enjoy a good omelet and Joe's Hobo omelet is loaded with two of my favorites, bacon and spinach. It also comes with sausage, cubed ham and cheese. Add toast and your favorite jelly and wow, what a great breakfast meal. You can't go wrong with this place, try it any time!
4	Come here with an appetite! We had the Bigfoot chicken fried steak and the small volcano during breakfast time.The service was excellent and the food was very good--portions are enough for a small army! The whole place is decorated with bears, and this seems to be a locals' spot. Definitely worth checking out!
4	While searching for a New Breakfast spot to hit up, Yelp came to the rescue! Came over on a Saturday Morning and there was a considerable line out the door. Hey, this place must be doing something right?! Waited 15 minutes and we were seated. Place was surrounded with Stuffed Animal Teddy Bears, like the ones I used to win at the Circus Circus! Haha, that was a long time ago.. like ancient history!  What I ordered off the 'Black Bear Times" Newspaper(Menu):BIGFOOT Chicken-Fried Steak and Eggs: Goliath Sized Dish! The chicken fried steak with the sausage gravy was One of the Best I've had! Their strip-cut hash browns, crisp outside and soft inside, the Biscuits Plump, spread some butter and Gameover!! Not Quantity over Quality.. Quality with Quantity!Homemade Corned Beef Hash and Eggs: Yes, shredded/chunks of real corned beef that was consumed in minutes! Too bad this wasn't loaded like the Bigfoot chicken.. dish! The country potatoes with the onions and pepper, soo good!Sweet Cream Pancakes: Better than average, not that sweet and it didn't have the fluff that I prefer.This Place Rocks!! A Great Way to Start Off Your Day!!
5	A great find thanks to locals. This diner gives you more for your buck. We were tired of casino food, so I asked around. Located only 3.2 miles from the strip, I was very pleased to find this place. When you first walk in, the hospitality is amazing. We were greeted and seated almost immediately. Go early, the line gets long. Cindi was our waitress. Southern hospitality at its best. Coffee was strong but with great flavor. Fresh squeezed OJ!!!Now for the food.....I ordered the sausage scramble. 1 giant biscuit topped with 2 large, homemade pieces of sausage, scrambled eggs and covered in gravy. This came with a side of hash browns that was huge! The plate was filled to the max, all portions are twice as big as they should be. Come hungry, or plan to take left overs. I had trouble finishing the meal, but I made it through.We went the next day because of the service and food. I ordered the corn beef and hash. Home made corn beef and hash, so good. Nothing canned at this diner. Again with the OJ and coffee. You won't have to eat lunch after a breakfast here.Pricing was great, like going to Denny's, but with twice the food!!! You get what you pay for and then some!!!
4	A good break from the Vegas buffets. It's nice to be somewhere where there's no more slot machine noises.
4	I have been here once for breakfast two years ago and tonight decided to stop in for dinner before our show.  We each had the stuffed chicken breast from the smaller portions section of their menu.  It was a chicken breast stuffed with broccoli.  The broccoli and the chicken had a cheese sauce that was quite tasty.  I had a small salad (choice of soup or salad), the chicken, mashed potatoes, and grilled yellow and green squash rounds.Dinner was quite good.  The service was outstanding!  Our server was very polite, friendly, and competent.  Even being from the smaller portions offerings, it was a lot to eat.I like the ambiance of the place with all things bear - even the bear paw print on the napkins.  I wonder if anyone has ever counted the number of bears - stuffed or otherwise - that decorate almost every free space of the restaurant.I'll be back!Yelpers - mention Yelp and you get soda, coffee, or tea complimentary.  One per table.
4	The fresh OJ is delic!
4	It was my second time visit to Black Bear Diner since a couple years back. All I can remember is that I had a big portion of comfortable and tasty breakfast meal with a strong cup of coffee( I enjoy drinking bold in the morning). I decided to try it again on one Sunday morning. When I walked in, it was a full house! I waited about 5 min and got a table. I knew what I wanted,,, Omelette, Omelette, & Omelette :) *My Happy Meal of the Dayyy: 1. South of the Border Omelette-seasoned ground beef OR chorizo with ortega chilies, jack cheese, avocado and homemade salsa, served with a flour tortilla. Choice of strip-cut hash browns OR red diced potatoes($8.99): I had the chorizo and the red potatoes.. 2. Coffee with vanilla cream and sugar: It was bold & smooth. Well, I really enjoyed my meal. The service was provided promptly by friendly waitress. The portion was HUGE that I had to take some home. There was no cut-off time for ordering breakfast here. I prefer real all day breakfast places for a late breakfast( I am pretty much a late riser on weekends). I noticed that a full service menu is offered for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I'll definitely give them another shot. Nowadays, I can't seem to find very many good hole in the wall, mom and pop owned places to have a breakfast in LV. It is definitely a chain world out here in the city! Sad, really....However, The Black Bear Diner serves up some good home cooking :) There are no strangers here at the Black Bear - only friends you haven't met yet :P
5	Love Black Bear! Always a good meal regardless of when we go. Again it was breakfast with family. It was a busy morning, as the place was hopping. We made it just in time without waiting. I love a good omelet with hash browns and toast. So today it was the same for me. Joe's hobo omelet is loaded and the ham was extra good today. If you haven't been to Black Bear, you must!
4	The sweet cream pancakes here are absolutely delicious. This is my go-to place for pancakes. So far, the best I've had in this city. I sit and daydream about these pancakes during my off-time.Other food is traditional fare for a local diner: They taste as expected and food is generously portioned. They should have a little something that should satisfy any craving on their menu.It's a bit weird eating a meal with surrounded by hundreds of stuffed bears lining the ceiling though. All of that creepiness  is usually  forgotten once that sweet cream pancake hits my tongue.
3	Food- The sweet cream pancakes were good.  However, other food is basic fare: the homemade sausage has too much fennel or some other spice in it, hash browns overcooked/undercooked plate to plate, coffee so-so, chorizo and eggs okay.Service- The waitress we had gave service like a robot...not very personable to the point she seemed pissed off.  Decor- I think the bear thing is overdone i.e. how do they clean all the stuffed bears lining the ceiling?  I think the place could use some updating and they could lose some bears.
5	I have to say, my experience was bear-riffic!!!Black Bear Diner, was pretty much easy to find.  On the corner of Tropicana and Jones, you can see it right off the road.  The location, is a good location to find this diner.  From the looks of it, it has that wilderness look and a set of wooden bears outside, which I thought it was cute, but of course that wasn't the only cute thing about it.  Walking inside, we were greeted promptly and was seated right away.  The really cute part of it, is all these stuff bears all around you.  Kind of brings back the childhood days, when I had a stuff bear.  It really put a smile on my face to think that.  We went there, early lunch, which I had my doubts on service.  Cause usually when its the beginning of lunch, I usually assume slow service.  But it was a bit surprising that it wasn't as busy as I thought it would be and the service was prompt.  From the point we were seated to a waitress asking what we would like to drink, was just a matter of seconds.  I was very impress that they were ready and willing to take our orders.  Unfortunately I wasn't ready and needed a minute, but after I was done and put down my menu, there was our waitress, who is ready to take our order.  Well, she was talking to another customer, but really surprise that she came to our table right away, after the fact that I just put down the menu.  I was debating on the Taco Salad or New York Steak.  They both sound good and tasty, but decided to go with the New York steak and eggs.  I'm sure the Taco Salad, would of been great, but I'm glad that I went with the steak.  It was well done to my satisfaction and presented very well.  I basically ate the whole thing, and a slice of toast.  Hoping I would of went with dessert, but I was full and satisfied with the steak.  I'm sure dessert would of been great.  Over all, I was very satisfied with my visit, and recommend this to anyone who is very hungry, like  a bear.  Even though, you may not be hungry like a bear, you got to check this place out.  Sure enough, you will not be disappointed.  Especially if you love plush bears on the ceiling, that got to put a smile on your face at least.
4	One of the weirdest places to find in Vegas... it's like stepping into an alternate universe for a little while - a universe that eats well.The place is decked out in northwest decor with bears and logs and furs everywhere, and the food matches the theme - basic, hearty, good eatins. I don't care for their "dinners" much, but you really can't go wrong with a sandwich/burger or their great breakfasts.
3	Not outstanding, but definitely above average.  A little over the top with the bear decor, but a nice little diner amongst all the madness that is Vegas.  Went for an early Sunday breakfast and the place was almost completely empty... something that has happened this whole trip.  Promptly waited on and served.  Had the granola cakes, eggs and ham slice.  Generous portions and good overall quality.  Outstanding or amazing???  Not really.  Cakes were a bit heavy and still doughy inside.  Probably tough to pull off with them being that dense, but I would have like a bit more done inside.Wait staff and owner was attentive (he checked on us during the meal).  Nice and friendly customer crowd as well.
5	Yum! I found Black Bear Diner on Yelp & our group was so glad we went. Sweet cream pancakes, red potatoes, crisp hash browns, and biscuits from heaven! Our server, Cindi, was great. We never ran out of a beverage. The only downside is they won't seat you until all guests have arrived; but, that is understandable. It was busy, but the staff was top notch. This will be a regular stop on my next visit.
3	I was in Las Vegas on a busy event weekend running the Rock and Roll full and half marathon in December 2010. Being that our time share was off the main strip we wanted to find something close by and then return to get a good nights rest. After calling around almost every restaurant had more then an hour wait. We needed food and rest, no waiting as it was already late. As expected this was nothing special but our waitress was pleasant and offered suggestions tapered to what I was wanting to eat. The desserts looked out of this world delish but not on the list with a race the next day.
2	I am a meat and potatoes kind've girl. I decided to try the previously recommended (yelpers) Fried chicken steak and mash with gravy,.I didn't like their gravy at all. It was a white gravy but really bland, the thought makes my stomach weak. Since their was gravy on my mash and my fried chicken steak, the meal was not good at all. My friends love their breakfast foods (ie. pancakes).Hmm, well their coffee was cool. Needless to say I didn't finish my meal and was disappointed.
4	This is my go to place.  It's close to home (Trop & Jones), has wonderful food, and great service.  Nothing better than a trip to Black Bear when nursing a hangover.  The place is covered with bears (as you can imagine), both stuffed and wooden, and photos everywhere.  I have never eaten anything here besides the breakfast, but that is all you need.  My girlfriend has had lunch there though and says it's wonderful.  The sausage is made in house, and it delicious.  Gigantic biscuits are the standard here.  In fact, I have never had a bad meal here.  Truly a great experience, reminds me of the diners back in the mid-west.
5	Huge servings for $9-12.  Good food.  A little greasy but good.
4	Great food, service and prices.   This place is a home run when it comes to breakfast
4	BBD...Bell Biv Devoe or Black Bear Diner?? Either way, you'll want to smack it up, flip it, rub it down!!   We came in with appetites and left with food babies.  I felt bad for our poor waitress because I literally sent her away 3 times before I was ready to order.   Impressive, extensive menu that has every savory, buttery delicious breakfast treat and combo you could ever hope for.My girlfriend commented that the crowd was a bizarre mix of local seniors and mature families...and young yelpers.  She was right.  But what everyone had in common were forkfuls of pancake goodness and huge contented smiles.  Oh mama.....are they pancakes or cupcakes??  wow. I always give bonus points to Vegas establishments that don't feel like Vegas.  This place, as others have said, has a comfortable Northwestern atmosphere, that the owners have succeeded in keeping authentic (if a bit kitschy) with several hundred bears everywhere your eye wanders. Papa Bear swung by our table to check on us, which was a nice touch.Highly recommended.
5	If you haven't been to Black Bear you've been seriously missing out. Now I have to say that I haven't had a chance to try any of lunch or dinner menu items yet because the breakfast is soooooo damn good that it's just impossible to look past their California bacon benny or that deliciously fluffy biscuit or the sweet pancakes or the country potatoes or... OMG I'm hungry just thinking about it. There's so much that we appreciate about the place; the friendly faces, the mixed local clientele, the fresh better than homemade cooking,  but one thing we love is the portions. The food is phenomenal but the fact that they give you just enough food that when you leave you're not leaving with doggy bags full of food for 2 more meals. They don't make the food to be fancy or outrageous. It's focus is wowing your palette, great customer service and providing an excellent overall dining experience.
4	Great food and great atmosphere. I got the corn beef hash. The gravy and biscuits are delicious. I regret not tryin their dessert.
3	Clean, safe, family oriented place.  Too much food for one person.  The food was okay.  The prices was fair.
4	Huge portions and can cure you from your long night of having too much fun.  The pastries have all been disappointing to me, but their country fried steak is awesome!  The granola pancakes are good, but one would probably be enough fiber for the week.  Haven't ever been starved enough to get the bigger meals.
5	I had breakfast at BBD this morning and it was really good!  I had the eggs over medium, thick cut bacon (well done) and those sweet cream pancakes!  And the best diner coffee I've had in a long time!  The staff was super friendly and I will be back on my next trip to Vegas, maybe before I leave this time!
4	Had to try the sweet cream pancakes and I'm so glad that I did! I also enjoyed the California scramble. If you are looking for an incredible meal, warm and friendly atmosphere off the strip then come here. Be prepared for a wait if you venture out at a peak dining hour, it's worth waiting for.
5	Well, well, well......that was simply AMAZING!  The husband and I showed up around 11ish on a Saturday morning, waited about 15-20 minutes and were sat and greeted rather promptly.  After review the menu I decided on the:~Fresh fruit bowl (I shouldn't have ordered this because I know that NOTHING is truly in season yet......disappointment)~A traditional bear claw (tasted like Greek baklava so the husband was in heaven!)  I'm glad that we tried it, I'm certain that it'll be something that he orders from now on! ~PANCAKES........(sigh) they were so FANTASTIC!  I can't even begin to explain, wheat pancakes with a hint of almond extract, walnuts, and granola.  I topped them with butter, bananas and a touch of maple syrup.  SO AMAZING! ~He got the Ruben and fries..........I didn't get a bite of the sandwich but the fries sure hit the spot!~The place was PACKED so the service suffered just slightly.  Even still, we'll be back again in the very near future I'm sure!:)
5	I went on Yelp one morning to find out where my boyfriend Don and I should have breakfast at. We wanted to go somewhere we've never been before and a place that was a local hot spot. I came across this place and (based on the reviews) it was a must.We met up in the plaza around 9am. The place is pretty incognito on the outside. Because we live in Vegas, it just looked like another sports bar and grill to us. Don actually used to live down the street from the diner and I guess he never thought it was an awesome restaurant, judging on its low-key appearance. We were greeted and seated right away. Based on the personal conversations and waitresses knowing the customers' names, it seemed like there were a lot of regulars. That's how you know this pace is a local gem!I ordered some coffee and Don ordered some oj. After perusing through the Black Bear Times Newspaper Menu, Don decided on the Country Fried Steak and Eggs and I opted for the 7-Grain Almond Granola Pancakes with a side of sausage links. Normally I'd get pancakes with chocolate chips or sweet toppings, but I decided on the 7-grain because the menu said that they were FAMOUS for them. Our plates came and they were pretty big. Good thing neither of us got the hungry bear breakfasts! Don's plate came with a giant biscuit that was perfectly crisp on the outside and warm and fluffy on the inside. It was soo delightful!  I didn't try any of his country fried steak or potatoes, but he finished the entire plate, which is a good sign!My pancakes were delicious! I've never had anything like them. Normally when I order pancakes, I can't finish them, but this time I finished all three and the sausage links. They were perfect with the syrup and they weren't too dry or too mushy at all. The almonds gave them a very nice sweet taste and the grain/granola combo actually tasted awesome (sorry, I can't really explain!). It didn't taste as "healthy" as it sounds though, which was definitely a plus in my book! It probably was pretty healthy though, because I literally had to drive like a madman all the way home and run into my house just to use the bathroom. All in all, I love this place! It's a great place for breakfast and it is definitely a local gem. I really suggest you try the 7-Grain Almond Granola Pancakes if you're a fan of pancakes, because you will love them. The orange juice is fresh squeezed, which is hard to come across these days. Their coffee is also delicious and it comes with free refills of course!
4	The Black Bear Diner is a solid place for breakfast.  We've been to another Black Bear Diner and were happy with it, so we decided to try this one based on other Yelp reviews.   I was there late on a Monday morning for breakfast with 5 other people.   We were seated quickly and the service for the rest of the meal was well paced and attentive.   All 6 of us ordered different items and we all were quite happy with our selections.   The food was good and hit the spot.   This place hit the spot for a great breakfast place.   The food was good, the service was good and the price was reasonable.   Good job folks.   Will I be back?   Sure I will.
5	The best breakfast place in Vegas!   We were there four mornings this last trip to Vegas.  Great portions.  Steak and eggs like it should be.  The chicken fried steak is to die for.  The pancakes, the best!   Good portions.  Nice people there. The owner remembered us from last year.  That was nice.  No smoking establishment!!  Yay for us non-smokers!   This is the place to go for a good non-buffet breakfast.  We will be back!
5	First time going here tonight with the family. We decided to go since none of the "usual" choices was working out. Thankfully it was really close to where we live. The service, at least to me, is quite good. There was some waiting to do but not horrible. For drinks: mom, lil' bro, and I ordered the OJ. Mom's bf ordered coke lol. I'm an OJ-type of girl. I even ask my grandma to buy bag-fulls of oranges just to freshly squeeze them for me in the morning. I have to say, their OJ was yummy--didn't have too much pulp but you can tell they're not store-bought. I ordered the Bear Paw Chicken-Fried Steak alongside red-skinned mashed potatoes, corn bread muffin and lots of heavenly gravy. I also ordered a side of their famous Sweet Cream pancakes (short stack).  Mom ordered the T-Bone steak with baked potato and their muffin as well. Bro ordered their Gardenstyle Veggie burger with Jack cheese and fries on the side. Mom's bf ordered the BIGFOOT Chicken-Fried Steak and eggs. He got it with hash browns, but instead of the biscuits he opted for the pancakes. My chicken noodle soup and mom's salad came first. Soup was okay; not salty and the serving size was just right (since the main dishes were HUGE). We waited a little bit for our orders but I wasn't complaining at all, since I'd usually be getting antsy after 10-15 minutes of waiting. I got my pancakes first, slobbered butter all over and pretty much drenched them in syrup (yum!) Short stack comes with two pancakes the size of regular dinner plates at my house, my mom was surprised at how their "short stack" was too big of an order. The top pancake was a little burnt, so that's a bit of a downside, but the bottom one was the most perfect pancake I've ever eaten in Las Vegas. I've been searching for a good breakfast place and I think I've found it in Black Bear! As I was still waiting for my main order, I took a bite off of my brother's veggie burger. The texture of the patty told my taste buds it ain't real meat, but the taste definitely passed the test. Their fries were also pretty good, I actually ate a lot of it (sorry bro!) My mom also gave me a piece of her steak; now, I'm not much of a steak person when I'm not craving it, but that piece of meat was juicy and flavorful. My chicken-fried steak finally came, and the first bite was enough for me to rave about this place. I've had "country-fried" or "chicken-fried" steak from other places, namely casinos, and they all were too salty or too dry/hard or just plain yucky! I didn't even used a knife to cut it, and when I put it in my mouth it just melted. It was crunchy and creamy and all sorts of heavenly goodness in one bite! The side of mashed potatoes were also quite awesome, I like how they used red potatoes--best kind for mashed. The veggies tasted good too; a little greasy at times but hey, that's what diner food is all about. We couldn't go for dessert, everyone was just too full and in food heaven by the time we were done. Gave our server $10 tip since she was attentive the whole time. Definitely going back next time I'm craving breakfast food :D
5	If you want to eat breakfast in Las Vegas, GO HERE!! It's too good to describe. You will just love it. We found it and ate here everyday we were in Vegas (12).. There are not enough superlatives to say how great it is.. YELP needs another Star for this place.
1	This is the first time I'm writing about Black Bear. Their food can't be beat for the price and it's homemade! HOWEVER..I am writing this review in the booth of a local Denny's because yet again the service at black bear was bad. We stood and waited for a seat for about 7 minutes... With no one in front of us.. Only to be seated at a booth with the menus thrown on the table. We sit down and our waitress walks past several times... Finally she says "I'll be with you soon" and then proceeds to walk past us another 3 times... She didn't even take our drink order... We walk out, walking past her... And she couldn't even say anything as we walk past... It's sad because we really like the food but sadly we won't be back there. This happened twice--first time--shame on you... Second time.. Shame on me. There won't be a third.
4	This place is just what I needed!  Black Bear wins for awesome diner fare, fast service and a super friendly waitstaff.  Black Bear is great little diner just off the strip.  We stopped in here on the way out to Red Rock Canyon and were happy that we did!  Denise was the sweetest lady and the food was served quick.  I recommend any of the omelettes.  They come with a nice serving of homefries and toast/bagel/english muffins.  You won't leave this place hungry!
5	As a french on holyday in Vegas, i had to try a good diner.And the least i can say is : HOLY SHITThas was SO good ! And so big ! We came here for breakfast, and i must say we couldn't eat anything more during the rest of the day.i Had a Chicken fried steak with cream gravy and a lava chocolate cake... i could barely stand up after that.And now i'm thousands of kilometers from this place, and that really sucks !!!Black bear Diner, I will never forget you
4	To sum up - awesome diner located off the strip and it doesn't cost an arm and a leg to eat here.To elaborate - great place to eat. It's at Tropicana and Jones in the Smith's shopping center. It's pretty low key so you might miss it, but look for the carved bears standing outside the door. Speaking of bears:. this place is ALL ABOUT BEARS. They have stuffed bears on the walls, carved bears, bear murals on the walls...they love them some bears. It's pretty cute, actually. I love the poker bears on the back wall - they're awesome.Service is pretty good - I've had good and bad service here, so it really just depends on the server. Food comes quickly though, so that's a big plus. They're not open 24 hours, unfortunately. I think their hours run from 6AM to 9:45PM though so you have a pretty good time window to get in here and get stuffed.As for the food - HELL TO THE YEAH. It's classic American diner fare - chicken fried steak, meatloaf, sandwiches...you name it. My first time here I had the large chicken fried steak. It covered the platter. They don't have dinner plates - they have platters. HUGE. They load them up with food, too. Come hungry. I don't like meatloaf at all - I can eat theirs. It's that good. If you order coffee they'll actually bring you flavored creamer to go with it. For the record, their blackberry cobbler is fantastic.All in all, this is a great place to eat. The prices are low, the service is pretty good, and the food is fantastic. Eat here.
5	I went for breakfast and the service was fast and the server was very nice. It was very peaceful inside and wasn't very busy but everybody looked happy, even the employee's.I am going to speculate that it was the manager or owner because he was wearing a white shirt, but this gentleman was walking around the restaurant asking the customers if everything was good and everytime someone would come in the door. He would yell out "Welcome" and thank everyone as they would leave.He was truly getting it out there how happy he was about his customers. He was also at the cash registers when the servers were too tied up. It was great teamwork. I ordered the Cinnamon Roll French Toast. Wow! Lots of sugar on this..and usually I have a sweet tooth but way to early for this lol. It was really good though. I ordered some Sausage Links with the ordered but I didn't like the meat to much. I finished my whole plate though and I would love to go back to try something else :)As you exit, on the door has the yelp logo, so wear it proud Black Bear Diner. Well deserved!
3	We were recently looking for a new breakfast spot and decided to give Black Bear Diner. The interior is pretty cute. There are tons of teddy bears watching over the diners. I decided to have the south of the border omelette with chorizo. It was okay but nothing special. My wife got the cinnamon roll French toast. It was pretty good, and I thought it was a neat concept. While overall the food was pretty good, I don't think I'd go again for breakfast because there are better breakfast joints in town. I might give it a try for lunch or dinner though.
3	Pretty average place to get Some breakfast.
4	Came back a second time for lunch and I'm liking this place even more. Waitress was really nice and prompt. And they've got a pretty good Reuben going on.
4	Another standard off-strip place that this tourist couple likes to visit on every trip to Vegas.   Good hearty breakfast and lunch, friendly staff, nice bear-themed decor (love the "Bears Playing Poker" mural), and great prices.Offers all the standard breakfast fare like pancakes, waffles, french toast, eggs, fruit, oatmeal, etc...
5	Delightful surprise off the Vegas Strip.  A bear themed diner with truly tasty bear sized servings!  Leaving Las Vegas, our party of four wanted to grab quick, hearty breakfast before our road trip home.  Using Yelp, we came across the Black Bear Diner; all of us enjoyed the experience! We were greeted by friendly staff and seated quickly.  Our server was friendly and attentive.Between us we tried pancakes, eggs benedict, an omelet and a traditional breakfast combo plate. None of us were disappointed in the least.  Each dish was generous, attractively presented and totally YUM. Tired of smoke filled casinos and long buffet lines, this was the perfect breakfast experience to end our Vegas trip and begin our road trip home.  Thanks Yelp, you didn't steer us wrong!
5	Best corned beef hash ever.  Diner is awesome.
5	This could be a new favorite breakfast place!!!!
4	I love me some breakfast, but given the ability to choose between all the meals of the day is a winner. My friend and I decided to give this place a try after a few unsuccessful attempts. Finally getting out here and looking at the menu, lunch won out. I got the tri-tip dip with a green salad. The cuts of meat are thick and generous without being jaw dislocating. With three large slices of perfectly seasoned beef, grilled onions and mushrooms, it was perfect. The vegetables were not drowned in oil and the roll was not soaked through. The tri-tip was cooked to a medium/medium-well. I normally prefer medium rare, so next time I will request it and see if they offer that option. The green salad was standard. My friend got the hobo omelet and you have to be starving to finish it. It is a gigantic monster stuffed and topped with bacon, sausage, ham, spinach, onion, and cheese. The red potato chunks are tender, not too salty, but not crispy. It comes with a bread as well. He got the biscuit. They are big, not dense and light.  Both entrees cost around nine dollars. We were shocked by how generous the portions were for the price and that it tasted good too. I could not finish the meal without getting a blackberry sundae. Even though I was full, I cannot resist the cold stuff especially if it is topped with berries. They give a large scoop of vanilla ice cream topped with warm blackberries. Instead of doing a compote, when heated, the berries release their juices to create a sauce. As the ice cream melts and melds with the fresh fruit and whipped cream, it is heaven. This is a nice place to have a relaxing meal. The only thing that is rushed is the food. The kitchen and staff are quick to deliver without making you feel like you have to shove it down and get out.
4	Taking a break from the "The Strip" can have it's rewards.While on vacation in LV, we decided that we were going to have most of our meals off the strip, to eat where the locals eat, and have some time when The Black Eyed Peas are not blasting in my ears when I am trying to eat. Thanks to YELP we checked this place out. Loved the decor from the very start, the place was hardly crowded and the menus are printed on newsprint.Our waiter was super friendly, and the food was great. I had the Tri-Tip dip, the sandwich was cooked to perfection, the others at the table had the meatloaf and the chicken fried steak. All where a hit. For dessert we all split an amazing coconut cream pie.The prices are really good, about average for what you would get anywhere else. What we ordered would probably cost twice as much, if you could even find this kind of food.The setting was about 4 miles off the strip and offered a nice change of pace that allowed us to talk to one another and plan the rest of our night.Great place, if in Vegas this and The Original Pancake House are a must for eating.
5	The food here was amazing!!  Biscuits are huge and prices are reasonable. A must if you are in Vegas!!
2	Don't get the hype here. Ordered the popular chicken fried steak and ended up smothering it with tabasco sauce and salt to add some flavor to the gravy. Sweet cream pancakes were decent. The orange juice was too sour but the coffee was good.
4	When you first walk in, this place reminds you of one of those creepy grandmas who hoards stuffed bears and anything reminiscent of them. Stuffed bears line the top shelves and pictures of bears cover the walls. But ambiance aside, the food was bomb.I ordered some kind of scramble with avocado, cheese, green bell peppers and tomatoes. It was so delicious for being just that. The cook even gave me hash browns by mistake when I just ordered fruit with it. The has browns were delicious and unique. They were like short fettucini noodles but golden brown crispness. Mmm. I wish all places made them like that. My dish came with a huge buttermilk biscuit too which was flaky and soft. Everyone else at my table loved their food too. Prices were great for what we got.
5	Best country breakfast in the city.  This is a bit of a drive off the strip, but when i am in town, this is where i go and it is worth it.  I love the spicy homemade sausage patty with my crisp hash browns.  The juice is always fresh.  The service is always friendly and the manager has been there as long as i can remember.   Great locals hang out.If you have the time, make the trip out here.
5	This place is on it as far as pancakes go. They are so flippen yummy its crazy!! The coffee is nice and strong & the servers are wicked fast. our food was on the table within minutes of her taking the order. A great place to take the kids since they are so fast. And the teddy bear decor is very cute as well.
4	Very good, great prices and huge portions.
2	Bleh!  Ordered the Grizz I think it was.  Asked for crispy bacon.  I got charcoal.  You know how bacon can be overcooked to the point that it just disintegrates in your mouth?  That's what I had.  The sausage was overcooked as well.  I did like the pancakes, the eggs, and the ham.  Based on that and the decent service is the only reason this isn't a 1 star review.  Overally Blackbear is 0 for two.  Considering the breakfast I just had a Jamms, I'd be hard pressed to want to come back here.
3	Good place for breakfast!
3	Nice breakfast! Pancakes are like no other... Not too much by way of lunch or dinner to brag about, but the breakfast is great! It's a local favorite and keeps the kids busy with all the bears in the place!
5	Warning! If you suffer from Ursaphobia(fear of the bear) do not visit this restaurant. This is one of those themed based restaurants which gives reverence to the "Black Bear". They have bear carvings, 100s of stuffed bears, bear hot sauces, etc. I visit this restaurant often because they serve generous portions of freshly made food. I typically go here for breakfast, I have ventured out into the lunch portion of the menu only twice so my review is basically for breakfast. If you are tired of the other restaurants trying to sell you their orange juice as "fresh squeezed " then try this place. I hate when I restaurant tries to pass off orange juice from jugs delivered to their location as being freshly squeezed. That's just false advertisement. Black Bear has freshly squeezed orange juice which is made on the premises. The machine can be seen in the left corner as you walk in to the restaurant. I usually get the freshly made corned beef hash, hash browns and a biscuit with gravy. This place not only makes the corned beef hash fresh but also the hash browns are also freshly shredded . One of the few places in town that I'm aware of that makes their own hash browns. I have also tried the Joe's Hobo omelette a couple of times. For lunch I enjoyed the hot turkey dinner with mashed red potatoes and sauteed vegetables. The turkey is nicely sliced white meat with ample portions. I've never left this place hungry. The one day I would stay away from here is on Sunday. The regular manager was not here on a Sunday I dropped by here recently. I must say, the place was not very well run on his day off. The manager that day definitely seemed confused and overwhelmed. The other recommendation I would make is to try to stay in the main dining room. The only times I have had slow service was when I have been seated in the side room.
5	Great food great service, big servings, one of the best places I have eaten in out in Vegas
5	Wow! Great breakfast and a laid back atmosphere. When I walked in, the first impression I had was of a small town diner where you see the old men sitting around, telling each other stories over coffee: inviting and comfortable.The menu is interesting. Setup in the style of a 1940's newspaper, the vast menu covers all areas of down-home cooking.I had the Country Fried Steak and eggs with country potatoes. Steak was great and the cream gravy really pleased. Eggs were ok. The wife got the California Omelet and really enjoyed it. Fresh veggies and huge chunks of avocado. The kid ordered the child's chocolate-chip pancakes with powdered sugar. Pretty sure there was more chip then cake, which pleased to no end.Priced low for the amount and quality of the food. Would come back anytime.
4	We have been to several different Black Bear Restaurants and they are all terrific.  We travel a great deal and we are always looking for great local places to eat and this is  one of the best we have found.
4	The food is excellent. A.bit pricey compared to some but no ripoff. Many competitors.
4	We were a party of 8 with 4 kids under 15 years of age looking for a decent family restaurant.  We found the menu selection plentiful and the prices quite reasonable.  Service was good-not exceptional.  One member of our party cannot eat onions or garlic.  He requested his steak without onions, but he meal not only came with onions, so did his salad.  The waiter took it back and likely just had all the onions removed instead of having it remade.   Portions were large and everything tasted good.  I heard the corn muffins were good--I didn't get a chance to try it.  I would recommend this restaurant for families for the decent quality and value.
3	Awesome breakfast place! After a night of drinking, this place has awesome experienced service, and fantastic food. Get the ho-made hash!
4	We went here this past Wednesday and was quite impressed. Great service, food was served hot and the portions were rather generous. The quality or taste was awesome! There were 4 of us and we just ordered 2 plates and shared it, there was no way any one of us could finish 1 plate a piece. This place sure beats HAGG (I'm sure you yelpers will figure it out). Breakfast averages around $9.00, which is quite good considering what you get.....Next time we come back, we'll try something else....Oh yeah, if you're a coffee lover you should give their coffee a try, you just might like it!Till next time, happy eating!
5	Outstanding little diner!  The staff was warm and attentive.  The food was delicious -- fresh and homemade.  We wished we had known about this place earlier in the week, as we would have eaten here a few times.
5	I fell in love with the place before I even ate.Imagine if your grandmother (who loves stuffed bears but isn't creepy about it) opened a restaurant and it was awesome.The entire restaurant is lined with stuff bears. Look up? There's a stuffed bear. Look on the wall? Stuffed bear. Look toward the bathroom? Stuffed bear. Besides stuffed bears, wood carving of bears appear both in and out of the restaurant. There's even a painting of bears playing poker! It's thus living up to it's name: Black Bear Diner (even if there are some non-black bears).It's just one of the places that seem cool and inviting from the moment you step in. The restaurant looks 1/2 Grandmother decorated and 1/2 California Grand Adventure from Disneyland. If you like your surroundings to have a bit of warmth, you'll like it.But it's a diner and not a museum piece so how does the food taste?Awesome. That's how it tastes.I found the place by searching "Biscuits Gravy Las Vegas". Several people mentioned this place as having some of THE best Biscuits and Gravy available. Being a former Southern girl, I'm very familiar with Biscuits and Gravy and they didn't disappoint.Nice fluffy biscuits you can break apart easily. Creamy white gravy that wasn't too runny nor like paste (as I've seen at other restaurants). Great flavor too!My only mistake was I ordered the spicy sausage patties. Don't get me wrong! They were good and done well. They were simply too spicy for me. Now that's rare as I'm used to very spicy food. Being from a Mexican and Cajun loving background, I'm no stranger to spicy food. Yet, the were really spicy and just a tad outside my tolerance. I could eat about 1 and 1/2 patties before I had to stop.Next time, I'll get the regular patties. I can't fault them for it. They did ask if I wanted hot and spicy patties and they delivered. I'm the one that couldn't keep up. =)My fiance had Eggs Benedict with a side of hashbrowns and fruit. Normally I see Hashbrowns that are grated into tiny slivers. Their hashbrowns were more thick which made for a better hashbrown. A nice thick outer shell with a softer (yet still well cooked) center. The fruit was fresh and didn't appear to have any signs of aging.The service was just fine. I got my coffee filled fairly fast and the manager came by to make sure everything was alright. As a nice bonus, he was cheerful and sincere when he asked. He had that nice grandfather look when he asked instead of the deadpan question you sometimes get. "Hello. Everything fine? (1000 yard stare) That's great... bye." Didn't get that there. Just a nice friendly question.On a final note, the employees all have a smile on their face. They don't have that "dead inside" look, I've see at other places. Who wants to eat where the employees look miserable? I don't.So if you're looking for an old style Mom and Pop type place (at least in feel since they do have several restaurants), give the Black Bear diner a try. It's my new favorite place.
3	This will be short and to the point.Coffee was GREATService was as expected for a breakfast place. She was around when needed, checked back, provided refills, was friendly. Certainly no complaints with the service.Decor was fine and typical for the theme they were going for (lodge/bear type feel)I ordered chicken fried steak which came with 2 eggs, and hasbrowns and my coffee which came to $10.00Chicken fried steak was good but not great (Blueberry hill has the best country fried steak), the gravy was good, hasbrowns were good. Their biscuit was huge and only had a tiny bite and didn't care for it, I was disappointed though for $10 for breakfast especially here in vegas, all breakfasts should come with bacon or sausage and pancakes.  A side of any of this was at minimum $3  Their portions were huge but remember, bigger portions doesn't mean it's a better breakfst.  I've had smaller portions at dennys but for the same money I got more food because I got a main item, eggs, hashbrowns, bacon AND sausage AND pancakes AND coffee for UNDER $10So on that little point, they can't compete with other places.Overall food was alright, not great, certainly not bad by any means. I would go back, but wouldn't go out of my way to go there specifically though.
5	The thing about Vegas is that there are a ton of excellent restaurants off the Strip and in the neighborhoods.  The thing is, you have to either go by word of mouth or just stumble across one.I want to extend "word of mouth" for this place.  It has a very California feel to it, which is a nice diversion from the usual Vegas.  The whole style reminds me of California Adventure/Grand Californian Hotel at Disneyland.  It has that same rustic style, and looks decidedly non-Vegas.  And yes, there are plenty of bears and bear pictures and bear statues.... But it works really well here.  It's charming and funny.I tried their eggs benedict, and they know what they are doing.  I was really pleased by how well done the eggs were, and while I am not so much of a hash brown fan due to the wimpy little potato slivers that usually comprise a hash brown, these are potato CHUNKS.  They're cut as a standard hash brown, but they are huge pieces, and are excellent.The service here was top-notch.  From the waitress, to the manager who stopped by to see how our meal was.  You know the drill: Manager stops by with the obligatory "How is everything" speech, and may or may not care about the answer.  The manager here was very sincere and genuine.  He clearly wanted to make sure that we were having an enjoyable time, and I was pleasantly taken aback by that.When we left, the manager was again there, friendly as could be, and chatted us up while we cashed out.  There was a handful of staff members by the register, and again, it was surprising how friendly everyone was.  For a first time visit, they made us feel like old friends.Granted, I've been here one time, and with my limited food experience from their menu, I don't know the full extent of how everything tastes.  But they impressed me enough to want to make this a regular spot.I really liked this place a lot, and if in need of a new and different food option, this is an top-notch choice, and worth the drive over there.
4	Really improved. I had not been here in a long while. We stopped going as to us it seemed to be going down hill. We did venture back last weekend and to our surprise it was very good. They have some new menu items, new hostess and servers. Which was a huge plus. The previous hostess was about as friendly as a hungry bear. Our server Dawn was awesome, when I asked what she thought about a dish she was very honest and told me to stay away from it. I had the stuffed chicken with broccoli hollandaise sauce and it was excellent. The portions are still huge. I could not finish all of the food. The prices are still affordable. Will be going back.
3	Good not great as hype suggests. Fresh oj was a nice touch. Decor a bit too grandma's menagerie like.
4	Excellent service!! The food is always fresh, delicious and hot. The prices are always reasonable and the portions are huge. The variety of choices is quite extensive but there is definitely something for everyone. My personal favorites are the cobb salad, Bob's big burger (the bun is amazing), tri-tip dip, and anything with gravy. I love this place!!
5	I heard the rumor of a giant Black Bear Burger and the huge portions, so during our trip to Las Vegas, we decided to see what the heck it was all about. To my surprise, this is what I ordered:Black Bear Burger8 inch daimeter  sesame bun7 inch diameter beef patty & 0.8 in thick  (medium rare recommended)Fries, approximately half a pound, similar to 2.5 servings of In N Out Fries1 Glass of waterThe burger was ginormous, thick, juicy and prepared just the way I envisioned. They do not lie with their portions and motto of serving "Heary portions for reasonable prices" (or something like that).  The ambiance was pretty much a "cabin" type environment, with stuffed, wooden and toy bears all over the place. It felt warm, and the staff provided excellent service. It was like going to a Denny's in the middle of the forest without the creepiness. For my portion, it was just about $10.Hope this review helps...I hope your experience was as good as mine!
5	This is our fave "neighborhood" go-to.  We just moved to this side of town in September and a friend recommended them for breakfast.  Since then we have become regulars.  WARNING!  THIS IS A DINER... A DINER DECORATED WITH BEARS...STUFFED BEARS EVERYWHERE YOU LOOK!  So if you are looking for a place that is super modern or Zen-Hipster whatever, then the BBD is not for you!!!Some of my faves:Southern Scramble- their homemade scrumptious sausage (spiced with fennel? sage? I'm not huge on sausage but this stuff is to die for) on top of their huge biscuit with scrambled eggs and country gravy on top.  You can pick hash browns or country potatoes (pick the country potatoes!!!)Shasta Scramble-eggs scrambled with avocado, spinach, onions, tomatoes, bell peppers & jack cheese My husband thought the homemade corned beef hash & eggs were great! (The Bagel Cafe is his ruling stick and BBD's was a close 2nd in his opinion). THE BEST HAMBURGER!!!!I have to say I have turned into a creature of habit (not of the stuffed bear variety) with their Burger Basket combo! I would choose their cheeseburger ANY day over In-n-Out, Create & 5 Guys!  EASY!  It comes with a huge portion of tasty fries which come out perfect every time I have been there. EVERY time and they taste even better when dipped into their Ranch dressing. For all you Ranch Dressing aficionados, BBD's Ranch is the real thing!!!!  I'm not sure what is going on in Vegas with Ranch dressing but most of the restaurants in town have bland, bottle-brand tasting weak-ass Ranch.  (My fave use to be Cheesecake Factory's Ranch which I use to buy to go and all Ranch is compared to theirs!)  For an extra charge (2.99?) you can order one of their hand-dipped shakes that comes with the extra in the old-fashioned tin cup-we tried the black berry...Once again, delicious!My hubby has liked the T-bone, Tri-tip and the Prime Rib- he liked them all.  (He is not comparing them to any of the better steakhouses or anything but states they taste like the homemade Sunday dinner you use to get at your Grandma's).  We also love their coffee and the service is always good!  Always! Expect a wait on weekend mornings.
3	i've only eaten breakfast here. the service is great.
5	On each of our visits, we request April as our server. On top of the food being terrific, her service is #1.Pot roast is tender and better than home made. My only suggestion would be to dump the Pepsi fountain for CocaCola.
3	I've been coming here for a while now and the man in the front is awesome!  So friendly and inviting.  This place gets pretty packed on a Sunday afternoon but the turn over is pretty quick.  I usually come here for breakfast items, but will occasionally have a burger when I feel like it.  Food is a-ok but definitely had better breakfast at almost half the price.  The pancakes are fluffy and moist, which is a super plus.  I like their classic cheese burger too.  Everything else is pretty standard, but i must add that i haven't ventured off to their dinner items.  Portions are huge and that's not necessarily always a good thing.  A bit excessive if you ask me; if you're not too hungry sharing would be wise.Service is whatever.  I'll occasionally get a really friendly waitress who's personable and sweet, and then one who's rushed and without much personality.  This morning i had the latter.  I was craving French toast and noticed all they had were cinnamon French rolls (their take on French toast).  I asked the waitress about it and she suggested it as being really delicious.  I took her word for it and left it at that because she seemed slightly impatient.  I would not recommend this dish!!!  It was cold, dry, too sweet, and hard.  It reminded me of a failed attempt at a Cinnabon.  I took a bite, put it to the side and shared my BFs omelet.  I actually really did try eating it though. Waitress comes up, asked if we needed a box, I said no, and she asked whether I liked my dish.  I said no, she hesitated about whether she should drop my check or possibly take my uneaten meal off of it. She decided to drop the check and went on her way.  Whatever.  The food wasn't expensive, but I definitely wasted $10 because I couldn't bring myself to eat that crap dish!!Anyway, overall this place is a-ok.  Will I be back?  Yes.  Not anytime soon that's for sure.I'm definitely passing on the cinnamon french roll next time and I'll pass on that waitress too.I must add that their coffee is delish! =)
4	Their menu is HUGE but I always order the same thing when I go to this place: Country Fried Steak. It's their most popular breakfast dish and the gravy is oh so good. You can't go wrong with the Eggs Benedict either. Their hollandaise is sublime. When it comes to breakfast I prefer the hash browns over the fried potatoes. Portions at this place are massive. The decor is pretty casual, I like all the bears sitting up by the ceiling....so cute!
5	What a great place for a homestyle meal.  I will definitely be adding the Black Bear Diner to my list of places to eat when visiting Las Vegas.  I arrived between normal mealtimes and was seated as soon as I arrived, even though the restauraunt was reasonably busy.  The server was awesome.  She was friendly, knew the menu cold, and when I asked her what she liked, wasn't shy in telling me but without being pushy or trying to be persuasive.  I really respected that about her.  (I ordered the "Gobbler" sandwich, one of her favorites, on sourdough bread, btw, and it fully lived-up to her recommendation.)  Oh, and the fries were so good that I ate all of them, even though I shouldn't have eaten so many (there was a mountain of hot, delicious fries on my plate, so what's a girl to do?).The food was reasonably priced (lunch was $14 and change -plus tip- for a sandwich, lots of fries, and a bottomeless soda.  Service was some of the best I've ever had in family-style restaurant.  And there was plenty of parking.Overall, the Black Bear Diner was a good experience and I'll be back.
5	This is my favorite diner on earth. I took a Vegas pal there who had never been and he was shocked he didn't know about it. Everything is fresh. You know how when your order blueberry pancakes in some diners the berries are basically jam or preserves? These are FRESH. You can set aside the menu, not even look at it, and just order what you want and they probably have it. Cooked clean and garnished nicely. What's not to like? I wish we had one in NYC. I've also been to another Black Bear in Silicon Valley and loved that one too.
4	PORTION ALERT!A while back, I came here with some friends while waiting for our turn at Fast Lap.  Woah, what a bad idea.  The food and restaurant was excellent!  The portions are a little crazy!The funny part is that I ordered the "A little less dinner" portion and it was way too much still.  I got the Tri-Tip dinner with mashed potatoes, gravy, green beens, salad and a corn bread muffin!Best "diner"  I've ever had.  Completely makes IHOP and Denny's look like McDonalds.  Only issues is the speed which the food came out and then the amount of time it took to pay the bill.  Other than that, it's a great place.  A little busy around the usual meal times - but worth it if you go a little early.
4	Stopped in with my mom the day after Christmas since we were feeling too lazy to really make breakfast. It was past 10:30AM and we were a bit concerned about there being a long wait. Apparently not! We were standing for about five minutes and then seated. While looking over the menu, I had a good look around the restaurant. I love the ambiance and all the bears everywhere. It's got a much warmer, cozier vibe than most of the breakfast places in town despite being a fairly large chain. It has the look of a locally owned restaurant and I like that.My mom had the corned beef hash and I had the steak and eggs. My mom really enjoyed her breakfast. I got the wrong type of potato in my order and my steak was a bit overcooked; however, everything tasted really great so I was okay with it. The portions were really big and the biscuits I got with my order were still attached and looked like the size of a newborn puppy (best description I could think of). Service was friendly and as quick as it could be considering it was pretty busy. Great breakfast!
5	I love this place! Another breakfast spot! Breakfast places are hard to find you know. It has the Denny's concept, but with a more mountain and forest kick to their personality. Less of the Denny's corporate ingenuity, and more of a homemade personal appeal. Leaning towards the Original Pancake House feel.They're famous for the cinammon rolls and they are the size of a human's head. So please believe you can lose your fork digging in that thing. Another thing that's homemade is their buttermilk biscuits and their fresh orange juice. I tried the tri tip scramble which was meaty and delish! I'm a meat lover, and so I had to have meat as part of my five food group. The portions are huge and the scramble definitely had flavor thanks to the tri tip and the onions. It is a mom and pop diner so if you're looking for a spot to check out some babes after a night out of town, this may not be the spot for you unless you're looking to snag a 65 year old retired cougar. RAWR. Senior Citizen Central! Also, eyes will wonder and whispers will lurk if you're looking like you had a horrible night out of town since it is also a family environment.
4	Good food. Great biscuits and fresh OJ.If you want a traditional breakfast, Black Bear is the place!
4	Wow, went on New Years Day. What a way to start off the New Year, with a great tasting breakfast. Discovered the place on Yelp, we were visiting from Ca.Plain and simple, you gotta go there, my group tasted each others plates and everything was good. The fried steak with gravy and house potatoes was awesome. On the side was biscuits and gravy. Ohhhh!Anyhow we definitely enjoyed trying the Black Bear and will go back the next time in Vegas Baby! If the had one in the IE, I would be there daily. Until then Fight On!
4	This place has amazing breakfast food and great service.  Very easy going atmosphere.I used to hit this place up every morning before work.  If the fresh squeezed OJ machine is working then definitely get a glass.  But alas I don't work too close to this  place anymore.  Luckily, a met a friend for lunch there and it reminded me of the breakfast.
4	Came here for breakfast twice during my most recent visit to LV and I will be returning next time in LV.  Orange juice squeezed in house, good coffee and tasty pancakes.  The corned beef hash is incredible.  Waitresses were attentive and friendly.Load up with a big breakfast and you can skip lunch to spend more time in the casino.
5	Great place to eat.  the five of us were all happy with our meals.  The service was average but very friendly.  The amount of food you get is huge.  I got the huevos rancheros and was very happy with my meal.  I would certainly go back again.
5	Great for breakfast - perfect escape from overpriced Strip food - just 5-10 minutes away from the strip.
4	Another great breakfast yesterday morning!  I love BBD.  I  got the Portugese sausage and eggs.  And those sweet cream pancakes are, IMO, are better than Du-Par's.  The decor is kitschy with all the bears, but that is part of its appeal.  And again, the best diner coffee I have in a LONG while.
5	We originally went to this place because it was recommended by the folks at the hotel where we stayed and I can say that we were very much pleasantly surprised at how it it was.  So much so that we came back the next day for dinner before we left town.  The pot roast was delicious and we topped it off with their generous helping of Bread pudding for dessert.  The waitresses were very friendly and accommodating.  The meat loaf was the best I've ever had at any restaurant but not as good as the pot roast which I highly recommend.  I will certainly be back and check out their other locations throughout California.
3	Wanted to LOVE this place so bad as it is right around the corner from my new apartment. I'll start out by saying I will be back to give it another try in the future. A buddy of mine met up with me here for dinner a few nights ago and we were both in the mood for breakfast (+1 for ALL DAY BREAKFAST!)I had to laugh as we didn't realize that the small newspaper that was put on the table actually was the menu! The waitress came to take our order and we asked for menus. She looked at us kind of funny and laughed. Honest mistake! lolAnyway, my food was decent. I ordered the Volcano (pancakes, eggs, bacon and sausage) and my buddy ordered some dish with eggs, home potatoes, Portuguese sausage and a biscuit. His food came out warm at best and his potatoes seemed a bit overcooked and lacking flavor. My pancakes were good, eggs were eggs, the sausage was eh and the bacon was terribly overcooked and dry.The decor is fun, cheesy and could possibly be a bit frightening if you are not a fan of bears or stuffed animals.All in all, not a horrible experience and seeing as it serves breakfast all day and it's right around the corner I will probably be here more than a few times. Hopefully other menu items are better and I'll update my review from there.
4	I have eaten at a Black Bear Diner before in Reno, NV. That Black Bear's interior is a lot more fun and "wood cabin" like than this Black Bear. My fiance and I ate here this morning (Thursday) at about 9:30 AM. We were seated quickly and greeted by a very jubilant waitress who brought out our drinks as we looked over the menu.I ordered the Hobo Omelet with hashbrowns. My fiance got the "volcano" (3 pancakes, 2 bacon, 2 eggs, and 2 sausage). Our food came out relatively fast and my coffee cup was kept filled (yes! I love it when my coffee cup is filled!). So the tastes... I felt as though my omelet was all right. When I read that there would be spinach in it I was excited, but it was lacking in the spinach area. Kind of a disappointment. However, it was big and meaty - no skimping there. I kind of yearned for a bit more cheese as well, but oh well. Once I put their pepper sauce on it that made it very delectable to me, because I love spicy. The omelet came with an english muffin as well (nothing fancy), and the hasborwns were kind of mooshy inside. They could have been cooked a bit longer in my opinion.My fiance's food was pleasing to him. He didn't finish his pancakes but the rest of his meal quickly disappeared.I have to raise a red flag though - beware the price of orange juice! What is with restaurants charging so much for OJ?! Seriously, my fiance's OJ cost $4.99. WHAT?! Yah, you read that right. Cup of OJ = $4.99. That is insane my friends. Just insane.Edit - The OJ is fresh squeezed. Although I still feel that is quite pricey for OJ.
5	Really good food.  If you are tired of the Vegas Strip eateries, try Black Bear.  Inexpensive & Delicious staple on my eateries in Vegas!!!!
5	I was very impressed with Black Bear Diner.  The pancakes were fluffy ,rich, creamy and sweet.  The coffee was very tasty. Sausages were juicy.  The decor was fun with bears playing poker.
3	My friend had a craving for breakfast, so after we finally rolled out of bed after a late night, we decided to try this place, which is close to where we were staying.I had the corned beef hash and it was pretty good. Big chunks of corned beef, but not too much hash, so I got the hash browns, which made up for the lack of potato. I asked the waitress for some Tabasco, and I'm glad I didn't wait for her to give it to me. I ended up finishing my meal before she came back to check up on us.Everyone was satisfied with their respective meals, but didn't rave about their choices. Overall, a decent breakfast place off the strip.
4	My husband ordered an egg white omelete with chicken and veggie in it (we forgot the name of the dish), and I ordered the chicken fried steak with 2 eggs. My chicken fried steak was delicious and the best chicken fried steak I've ever had so far. Very very very good. And my husband liked his omelete too. We fell in love with this place after our first try. We also like the bears decoration inside and outside the restaurant, they are all very cute.We wanna try some other items here in the future, and will order the chicken fried steak here again! Yay! Will keep coming!
5	OK, after a few days of eating average Vegas buffet food, we cruised over to the Black Bear Diner for breakfast and all I can say is that we totally screwed up... by waiting so long to try the Black Bear.  I had an order of chicken fried steak that was so tender and tasty that I could literally cut it with the fork.  Along with that, I had diced red potatoes with onions/peppers and a killer sweet-cream pancake.  My wife had the hobo omelet, hash browns and a huge homemade biscuit.  The daughter had a stack of the pancakes, eggs and bacon.  We were so stuffed that there was no way we could enjoy any dessert, so the wife got a bear claw to go.  Apparently that was pretty good too, since I never got a single bite of it...  The entire staff there is super nice and friendly (normal) people.  We'll definitely be back(Might be in the running for best chicken fried steak ever...)
4	One of the best breakfast places I've ever been to. Super yummy, super friendly servers and overall atmosphere was too cute with all the teddy bears on the wall.
4	Bring your appetite and don't make any plans for the rest of the day.  If you're in the mood for a lazy Sunday, then you have arrived.  The bf and I slept in and arrived around mid day for breakfast.  Many friends had told us to try the Big Bear Chicken Fried Steak, which is no joke.  I've never seen a chicken fried steak this big and gravy drenched outside the borders of Texas. Don't wear skinny jeans to this dance!  We also tried the Big Bear Steak & Eggs, which was a little disappointing because the steak was overcooked and blah.
5	Love the black bear. The friendly staff, the cozy cabin interior and the magnificent breakfast. Order the volcanoe or the sweet cream pancakes. Delish!
4	Another great meal at Black Bear Diner. Obviously there is a wait to get a table for a weekend breakfast but it is well worth it. The Corned Beef Hash is must have from the menu. No can here, just shredded brisket fried up with just a little potato and onion. Delish. Also tried the Blueberry Sweet Cream pancakes which were simply fabulous. Service was very good, everyone smiling and giving a welcoming feeling even when they were getting slammed. Waitress was helpful and they gladly made the substitutions I inquired about. She came around often to warm up my coffee which surprisingly is decent for a chain family restaurant. Will be back whenever I return to Las Vegas.
4	This place another one my brother recommended that he had eaten for years. His fav tri tip dip he had for one yr straight, a testimonial in itself! This is a great, inexpensive old school diner restaurant. The salads are awesome, my sister (I've had it too) enjoyed the grilled southwest steak salad, gigantic with a great chipotle ranch dressing. I had the reuben sandwich which was very good quality pastrami (made homemade and their corn beef as well) and tons of great skin on fries. The blackberry cobbler not too sweet, the crust yummy. Try it for a change from the chains..!
5	So i went here for the 1st time a few weeks ago.Wow I have been missing out big time...This place is fantastic! It was hard to choose what I wanted to eat because there were so many tempting items. I got the Bigfoot Chicken fried steak and it comes with soup or salad and a corn bread muffin I chose a salad with ranch which I must say was very tasty ranch and the muffin was so sweet and soft. You also get a choice of sides I  ordered the red skinned mashed potatoes and baked beans let me tell you I have never had baked beans that good they were sweet and spicy and had sausage and bacon in them mmm mmm good. Now on to the main dish the chicken fried steak it was tasty fried goodness covered in homemade gravy the meat was very good quality this is definitely the best chicken fried steak I have ever had.Not only was the food absolutely delicious but the service was excellent and the price was right.I cant wait to return to this restaurant there are so many other delicious looking items I wanna try.
4	Black Bear Diner has continuity!  And its a life saver when you are traveling with a bunch of people on vacation.  There is always a wait for breakfast (that they serve all day)  But the wait goes pretty quick.  The restaurant has a cabin look with everything bear'ish.  Wait staff is busy and on their toes.  Food came out in a timely manner and drinks we refilled without asking.  The one waitress whos section we were seated in was all business, not too friendly but got the job done.  I got huevos rancheros and it was pretty good!  Dude got a clubhouse sandwich and he said the turkey was really good.  Our friend got the California benedict (just added avocado) and she loved it.   Happy full tummy's and great prices!
5	I really like it here! We eat here the morning of our trip home from Vegas. I've been 3 times now and all times have been fantastic. The people are also SUPER nice. :)
4	Went here recently on a trip to Vegas.  Our waitress Elizabeth was awesomely  cute with the most adorable pair of eyeglass frames, and arrived at our table covered in some of the delicious delicacies that we were about to  partake.  Her arm was covered in butter and it looked like she had been working seriously hard during the morning rush. Never-the-less that busy morning did not put a  damper on her spirit or attitude. She was still amazingly friendly, patient, heartwarming, and knowledgeable. Oh, the food is good too, the portions are generous, and the pancakes are the best in the entire state of Nevada, crispy on the inside and moist and creamy on the inside. We were also allowed to substitute items on the menu. In my ginormous breakfast I had  bacon and both types of sausage instead of the ham. One can get ham steak anywhere; but how often does one get to try in house made patty sausage ........deeeeeeelicious!If you go try to get Ol' Butter Arm Elizabeth for your waitress the food is good, but her smile and attitude make it great!
4	We came for fathers day and had 20 in our party and Ray was so nice and polite, he is the definition of customer service. Then we sat down and had Mindy as our waitress...she is a ball and one of the nicest people I have ever met and very pleased to help you order and makes sure its correct. Lots on the menu, I like that they let you order breakfast lunch or dinner anytime.Chicken fried steak was huge and tasty  This is a must try place. Oh yea the cinnamon rolls are huge!
5	This is a 11 yr. old's review! I've been going here since i was 3 and I remember everything! (I remember when i wanted to color on the walls lol) Anyways. The food is great and the decor is good. That's pretty much it so.. bye!
4	I love this place! This down to earth country feel diner is really good! I normally go on fridays for their all you can eat Fish and Chips.. The service is great, the entire atmosphere had a laid back feel.. Their open face turkery sandwhich is  pretty good too.. just love the overall feeling on this place..
5	After many suggestions from friends about this place, I decided to take hungover BF there for breakfast this past Saturday. Disappointed that I hadn't gone sooner!!  This place is great!  There are a ton of breakfast options, small portions, large portions.  The menu is on a newspaper with actual articles from back in the day. Ours was from 1986. It was nice being able to read some history from back then.  I ordered the 7 grain nut pancakes, eggs, and bacon, while he ordered the huge chicken fried steak that came w/ hash browns or diced red potatoes w/ onions and pappers, eggs, and choice of toast, biscuit, or ...?? something else. The food came out promptly....maybe 10-15 minutes max.  I don't know if coffee was something i really needed that morning or not, but it was super good for some reason!  (I was sober.)   Every staff member there was extremely friendly and perky!  That is so nice to see that they really do care and are not putting on an act just to make some money.  We'll definitely be back.
5	The service is great, the food is awesome, portions are huge, pies are delicious, the ambience is appropriate, the employees are friendly, and I do not know why this place is not a 5 star average! Because it should be!Had the corned beef hash, and it's definitely not the canned stuff! The banana cream pie was a good end to our breakfast.Going to be a regular from now on!
5	Great place to eat your breakfast and lunch. My favorite is hot beef sandwich or hot turkey sandwich. Place is beautiful and lots bears on the roof hanging. their plates are huge and two people even cant finish. I tried the stake and not really happy with the medium rear, the waitress quickly make me a another stake right on the perfection. I  was surprise the service how quick they are. Coffee is the second best for the 7-Eleven coffee. i highly recommend for anybody to go to this place.
5	Awesome food. Great staff. Big foot breakfast could feed a family.
5	Best breakfast ever! Be prepared for the large portions! Food is delicious and the waitress was super nice and all smiles. Had the Hungry Man New York Steak and Eggs-WOW...Steak was juicy, tender and pretty good size (10 oz),  large portion of homestyle potatoes and large serving of thick toast. Their sweet cream pancakes are to die for too!
4	This is a chain breakfast joint full of big, huge even, comfort style breakfast plates. Enormous omeletes, pancakes, scrambles etc.Inexpensive too.The coffee is typical greasy spoon selection so if you're into java like me don't have high expectations.They serve lunch/dinner too but come for breakfast.
3	I've heard good things about black bear diner so I was excited to get the opportunity to try it.  Post-experience, it's not some place I'll go out of my way again to eat.Also, the coffee is gross.  Leaves a weird film in your mouth. And that's that. :)
2	I am writing this review based on their Rib Eye Steak Dinner for $14.99.Food:I am not sure why I thought that they would have a good steak, since most diners are known for their breakfast, sandwiches and shakes (should have just went for a shake....), but I still ordered the steak anyway.Their steak was absolutely disgusting! The worst steak I have ever had in my life (even worse than the overcooked, slightly burnt ones from my ex boyfriend). It was extremely hard to cut through, especially since it was so thin. It was mainly gristle, and no meat. It had so much fat, very bland, and dry. It came with an assortment of mixed vegetables (broccoli, squash, zucchini, and onions) which were the best thing on the plate!Their salad plate was warm, and the salad was literally lettuce, two dime size onions, two warm tomatoes, two cucumbers, and some carrots. There were no croutons, cheese, and their was barely any onions. They were also out of their gluten-free Honey Dijon dressing (which was aggravating).I really wanted this Diner to work out, but it didn't. First Impression:The outside makes it look somewhat like a lodge. The inside is just a ridiculous, tacky assortment of fake stuffed teddy bears ( in all different sizes!).I don't know what type of look they were going for... but when I think of a lodge, I think of walls covered with dead animals, and huge stuffed bears with big teeth (not a little beanie baby....??)Service:The server was nice, and we tipped her 20% on our bill for $35.00. Food was delivered fast, since we were basically the only ones in there............
4	I have been to Black Bear about a dozen times and here is my take.  I have found the food to be slightly above average and served by a competent staff on every visit I have made.  Anything I've ordered has always been tasty and well prepared.  I ordered the bacon deluxe burger today and it was great, although I have to admit that burger is way too big for the average human to consume.  The bacon they used on it was really flavorful and cooked to perfection.  Any time I've ordered any breakfast items they have been great as well.The staff is friendly and do a professional job. The prices are about what I would expect from a diner/coffee house.Overall they do a good job and serve good food.
4	I love this place its so good and big portions! the bear claw is soooo good. great place to go for breakfast or lunch.
4	The food was delicious, the service was great, and it was very family friendly.
3	The lobster tacos were good stay away from the BBQ potato salad breakfast good stay away from the biscuits and gravy love the papa bear sauce disappointed they were out of stock to buy service great I will be back I really feel they can be a five star experience and its cheap
4	Fantastic food! Great prices. Yummy.
3	The first time I saw a Black Bear Diner was in Yreka, CA. I did not get the chance to stop and was kind of upset. So I was excited to find one right here in Las Vegas. Last fall I tried it for the first time. It was busy and I figured that was a good sign. Service then was alright as was the food. Nothing spectacular. I don't really remember what I even ordered. The place did leave enough of an impression on me to sign up for their email club. I get periodic offers from them though I never take advantage of these offers. Black Bear is not in my area of town. Today, however, I was in the neighborhood and feeling like lunch time was upon me. So my roommate and I stopped in. We were taken to the seating area quickly though our table was not cleared yet. We waited while they cleaned. Our drink order was taken right away and by I think three people. All very friendly. It took several minutes to look through the menu and our server had to come back a couple of times. I almost ordered the corned beef hash and eggs. I went with the tri-tip dip with potato salad. My roommate ordered the pulled pork sandwich with cole slaw. Our food took a little while to come out. No matter though, it was busy after all. Both my roommate and I thought the same thing about our side. It was kind of bland. Neither of us finished our side. My sandwich seemed very familiar. I think it was I ordered during my first visit. It was not overly memorable this time either. The au jus seemed watered down. The beef was mostly tender. The Swiss cheese was great as were the mushrooms. The onions were supposed to be sauted but they were still mosly raw. I don't like raw onion so I picked most of them off. Nevertheless, it was filling. That is a bonus. As for the service after the food arived, it was lacking. I had my empty glass of tea on the edge of the table and was walked passed by our server several times. My refill came after my meal was finished and my plate was gone. I don't think I'll be back any time soon. It has been almost a year between visits and I imagine it will be at least another year before the next. I think I would like to try their breakfast sometime. Corned beef hash is still on my radar. Only time will tell.
3	We have been driving by this place for ages.  We finally stopped in on a Friday after work about 5:30.  The place was half full and we were seated immediately.  We got our drink order right away and then were given our leisure to peruse the menu.  Lots of tempting choices so she had to check back with us a few times until we were ready.  Decisions.....We ordered the chicken fried steak, and fish and chips.  The chicken  fried steak was crispy (almost too crispy) and flavorful and loaded with gravy.  The potatoes (red skinned mashed) couldn't have been better.  It came with grilled/steamed veggies done just right.  The fish and chips were moist and flavorful while crispy and not greasy.  The only complaint on the fish and chips was that while the portion served was big, the pieces themselves were smaller than we've had other places.  The french fries looked better than they tasted.  Not crispy enough for us.We got pie to go.  The chocolate cream pie was a disappointment.  I don't know what they use for the chocolate filling, but it had an odd taste, almost like a cherry liquor maybe?  Anyway, didn't care for it.  For the price, would rather have gone for a Marie Callendar's and had a full pie.  Will we go back?  Yes, this place has good diner quality food.  The salads served at other tables looked pretty darn good and what looked to be chicken and biscuits at the next table is going to get us back there for sure.  Their meatloaf special and club sandwiches are on the list too.  Okay, for some real complaints.  There was a burnt on the grill smell in the air when we came in.  Maybe due to the openness of the kitchen to the dining area.  But a little unpleasant.  When we went to pick out our to go dessert and asked what was in the bear claw, the hostess was clueless.   Let us hope she was new.  One of the waitresses popped over however and helped us out.  Brown sugar and cinnamon or plain by the way.
5	This is my favorite breakfast place in Vegas. I feel so comfortable and welcomed by the older man every time I come here. He is always smiling. The food is excellent. Love their omelettes and hash browns. There is a usually a line but it goes pretty quick. The servers are efficient and attentive. Always a pleasant dining experience.
4	I love this place, good portion sizes and decent prices. I highly recommend the sweet cream pancakes.. I really like them. For some reason I always want to go camping after I visit this place. I have only been here for breakfast so I'm not sure about anything else. The costumer service has always been delightful. This has a Denny's, Blueberry Hill kinda feel but different food and cleaner... a lot cleaner
4	Best chocolate cream pie I've ever had! Really yummy burgers and fries, great service, and PIEEEE
5	My bf and i went there for breakfast. The food there was really good i order the hobo omelet and everything was cooked perfectly.  Our waitress was so nice and friendly I think her name was Angela. She had multiply tables and still attentive to all of  them next time i go back i sure home i get her again.
5	The homemade corned beef hash was excellent.  We also enjoyed the granola pancakes, hash browns (shredded FRESH potatoes), biscuit and bottomless coffee.  We had a party of six and everyone left happy and content.  Looking forward to eating here again.
5	Black Bear Diner is THE place to go if you're feeling for some breakfast. Great service, great environment, great food: what more can you ask for? I love their foundation of the business and how it was founded. I have never encountered an "just okay" worker, they're all fantastic and sweet. The portions are huge. They cater to hungry people and not so hungry people! This place is particularly busy on Sundays so if you hate long lines, I suggest going on other days. Seriously you just have to try the food!
5	I write this review purely on their breakfast options. I have never tried lunch or dinner options. They have hands down the best omelets in Las Vegas. I have tried other breakfast options which are good but the omelets keep me coming back. They are that good. The cook is nearly always excellent and delivers the best tasting omelets and hash browns.  I switch between wheat and sourdough toast. I have opted for the fresh fruit before but they tend to put flavor full fruit on top of rind flavored fruit chunks. Flower (hostess?) and Marlene to me are the power duo. I have always had good , prompt and friendly service here but those two are the shining stars in my opinion. There are bear decorations all over the place and a jukebox kicking out older tunes . A very home cooked meal and small cafe feel kind of place. I was shocked to find out it was a chain since everything seemed to perfect to be a chain. The pies and shakes are the only other items I have tried (to go) and they are quiet flavorful. They are about the size of a Marie Calendars pot pie but filled with sweet tooth goodness. I only wish they would have a Peach Cobbler that wasn't flavored with splenda as I despise fake sugars.  The other cobblers (Apple, Blackberry ) were very good. They also have Banana, Chocolate and Coconut creme pies if that is more your style. The Cinnamon rolls are massive and look very tempting  but I am always so  haven't tried one yet. Totally worth a trip across town for.
5	Always good, it never seems to disappoint.  The food is fresh, good, the service is swift and friendly, and the place is clean.  We love coming here for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  You cannot go wrong!
5	Best breakfast place in town. The sweet cream pancakes are amazing.  We have been coming back each week since our first visit.  Good service and excellent food.
4	Delicious...Very good breakfast place in LV.
4	We went here for breakfast after reading about it on Yelp. Our experience was very good. I got the corned beef hash and it was excellent, with real corned beef. Hashed browns were made with real potatoes. The wife got chorizo scrambled eggs and loved it. The biscuits were really good also, nice and light and not too dense or heavy. The portions are huge so this place is a great deal. This place is the real thing, using local food of high quality. We definitely would return.
5	The food is excellent, the employees friendly and helpful, the service is great...not really much more you can ask. The food has a genuine home cooked flavor.
4	I love to eat here. We always enjoy the food and the service.
5	Corned Beef hash---Yum!!Belgian Waffles----Yum, Yum.Chicken Fried Steak with side of mixed berries, Redskin potatoes and Biscuit.--Maximum Yums!    The OJ is fresh squeezed and the waitresses are flawless.  This is one franchise joint that has its act together.  I now have another breakfast place to rotate between Blueberry Hill and the Omelette House.
1	STICK WITH EGGWORKS, EGG AND I, CRACKED EGG, or RISE AND SHINE, not this dump!  The food here is flavorless and since Americans basically will eat anything with salt and sugar, it will be fine and reviewed well by most of them; HOWEVER, if you actually want flavor and service, go elsewhere.Server didn't some back at all after delivering food to bring pancakes, coffee refill, napkins, etc. She only came back for the check claiming the kitchen is backed up, which is irrelevant when relating to service.When I left, manager rung up bill and didn't even ask how everything was because he probably knew how terrible the complaints are in there due to flavorless food and lack of service.  I then told him that I am further dissatisfied as to why he didn't ask how my meal was, but he could care less since it is busy and this place is making money from people who don't know any better.   HELLO!!! THE MAPLE SYRUP THEY SERVE WITH THEIR 'FANTASTIC PANCAKES' IS THE CHEAP ONE WHICH HAS "HIGH FRUCTOSE CORN SYRUP" LISTED AS #1 OR #2 INGREDIENT, but most fatties just eat that up.  A normal person knows that there is only one ingredient in maple syrup, and that is MAPLE SYRUP.Again, don't come here, go to the above mentioned places down the street.
5	Best breakfast in town!It has a very country atmosphere to it. Being that the name has to do its Black Bears----the place is decorated wi lots of bears that includes statues, dolls, and toys. Some of the most friendly staff that I have had serve me while sting too. The staff all assists you on things such as refills or taking dishes off the table. All smiles and personality!If I have to recommend one thing to eat/drink, it has to be the Huckleberry ice cream! This is the only place in town that has Huckleberry ice cream and also does fantastic ice cream shakes. It takes just like the huckleberry products that I have come from Idaho. If you come here, you have to try something with Huckleberry in one form or another.
4	I thought the food was great. However our waitress was pretty bad. Loved the food. Will come back again.
5	The wait might be long, but the food is great! Nomnomnom!This place is a locals classic. They build their restaurants to be reminiscent of  "when life was a little more simple, and service and quality were the cornerstones of business." Its a great motto and they execute it very well. I have been driving past this place since I was 15 years old and it was ALWAYS busy. I felt, it was time to finally take the plunge and get in on the buzz. Boy am I sure glad we did!The server was very polite even though she was extremely busy. She brought us coffee right away and took our order as soon as we decided. The one thing that I LOVE in my coffee is Splenda, which they(like so many other restaurants) didn't have. Not a huge deal, but i just hate sweet-and-low, and equal.. Yuckkk! Coffee was good though. Woke us right up! My son accidentally spilled his chocolate milk all over the table and our server was over at our table, super fast, with plenty of napkins to help. I ordered the "Volcano" which came with "Sweet Cream Pancakes"(Which were excellent), Sausage links(fantastic! Tasted like homemade sausage), and crispy, delicious Bacon. Good portion size, but with the food being soo good, no portion size is going to help. This is a perfect place to have breakfast and fall back into the "simple life". We will definitely be back soon.
5	Order the pancakes.  Even if you wanna get one of their other delicious entrees, order the pancakes.  For later.  They're that good.
4	Second go-round at Black Bear Diner involved my husband and his cousin along with her boyfriend. The couple beckoned upon us to dine with them since they were in town for a friend's 40th birthday. My husband's desire to eat off the Strip made our decision become Black Bear Diner this morning for a late breakfast around 11 AM.The restaurant still retains its homey vibe with all the bears looking down upon your from the rafters. The newspaper menus are a nice touch, especially with their extensive menu items.I was tempted to order a more lunch-like item, but everyone else seemed to be going for breakfast. I didn't feel like too many eggs or pancakes so I decided upon their combo-type plate which allow you to choose from a few different options to make a specific breakfast meal for yourself for $8.99My order included biscuits and gravy, link sausages, and eggs over easy. Black Bear provides a heaping mound of food - don't worry, you will not leave this place hungry. My biscuits and gravy were all right. The biscuits were delicious and flaky, not too dense, but not too airy either. However, the gravy was lacking. It certainly was lacking bits of sausage, which I would expect more of and it was lacking a salty-taste. Unfortunately they were a miss for me. My eggs were extremely runny. I realize I ordered them over easy, but even the white were a bit under cooked for my preference. The sausage links were tasty. The only other thing I can comment on is apparently their homemade sausage patties contain fennel seeds, which understandably, some people do not enjoy, myself included. My husband's cousin ended up picking out quite of few of them from her patties so she could enjoy the meat without so many seeds. So - if you don't like fennel - beware!I'm going to stick with my 4-star rating, especially since service was good, the coffee was good, and because the bit of pancakes I ate off my husband's plate were very good as well.
4	Im a vegetarian and so i was a little worried about finding a decent meal but they had a garden burger which was to die for. I like the seasoning they have on their fries because it taste like Red Robin. I also had an oreo milkshake ( yeah i know, there goes my "diet") and it wasnt anything special just a regular shake. But the place is super cute. It has newspaper menus which i think is creative!! I will def go back again.
4	I wanted to try a new breakfast place and thanks to the yelpers found this place. I usally go to the Egg and I or OPH, and will add this as one of my  places while visiting Vegas.  Its tucked away in the corner of the Smiths Market strip mall.  The cream pancakes were delish!  It reminded me of fortune cookie dough. Portions are very filling, prices are a little high though. Service was decent. I did not know its a chain, and will try the one in SoCal in Signal Hill.
5	Excellent food, Kodiak size portion'sDawn gave us spot on service
5	This is another must stop when I come to Vegas each summer. The Bigfoot is the only thing I get. Awesome chicken fried steak and scrambled eggs that are delicious and more than filling. Solid service even when it's busy which it usually is. Thanks for the good eats !
4	This place is awesome, Good stick to your ribs food. I have only visited for breakfast  and have always been pleased
5	MUST GO! Food and service was great.If your planning on going on saturday or sunday....get ready to wait or get there earlier than you were planning on.Breakfast was just amazing. French toast is best in town. (Yes,better than Egg Works, Hash House, Blueberry Hill, Baby Cakes, Baby Stacks, and James)Great people from the door to our waitress.Will continue to go back for a very long time.
3	Bit of a dive ... odd odor when you walk in ... and the decor feels like something from mid-70's kitsch.  But the food was good, especially after a late night on the strip.  If you're looking for a hang over brunch, Black Bear is worth a trip off of the strip.We had the chicken fried steak (normal sized), which was covered in a reasonable white gravy.  Not the best I have ever had, but wasn't too bad either. Not overly greasy, and still had good crunch on the crust.Also had the burger with nacho cheese and tortilla strips.  I know, disgusting.  But we were hung over and it actually tasted pretty good.  Burger was hand pressed and not overly dry, and the cheese and tortillas provided a great creamy/crunchy texture contrast.
5	I have to say i love this place. The wait might be long but worth it..Everytime we eat here the food is great. Its a cute country atmosphere.. I love the fresh squeezed orange juice an the coffee is great. Even in my hometown we have one an it is just as good. We have made this a reg spot to eat. The staff is great an always have a smile on their face. They are also very helpful when ordering food making suggestions when you ask which is great. I would recommend this place to everyone.
4	If it weren't for yelp, I might not have ever tried this place. It's not really close to my house or work, but I ventured here with my parents for a week day breakfast before shopping trip. The service was down-home spectacular, from the hostess, to the waitress and the cashier, all friendly and eager to please. The portions were huge although the food was mixed for me. My Dad ordered the Big foot which was a large chicken fried steak with eggs, potatoes and biscuits. It was wonderful, everything a chicken fried steak should be. I ordered the eggs Benedict and was disappointed by the overcooked egg yolk and the consistency of the hollandaise sauce. This is the only reason I didn't rate it 5 stars.
3	Brunch date!I met up with the date buddy at 1PM on a Monday afternoon and was out the door in less than 45 minutes (partially because we were on a time crunch since he had to go to work).When we first walked in the door, I noticed how exceptionally busy they were.  There were unbused tables, people lining up at the cashier register to pay their bills, and no host/hostess in sight.  I was a tad confused as to what to do, so we just waited.  Eventually, a gentleman came around and greeted us, asked us to wait for a table to be cleaned up, but then proceeded to greet the party of 4 behind us (whom he was obviously familiar with) and lead them to an open table.  I was also a tad confused to this as well.  But we eventually got seated and drinks ordered.The menu is cutely printed on a faux newspaper, and it seemed a bit huge and overwhelming.  I didn't realize they shoved breakfast, brunch, lunch, and dinner all into two pages.  It was a bit much.I ordered the eggs benedict.  The food came out super quick and was perfectly warm.  I noticed right away there were bits of bacon on my potatoes, YUM! And these were real potatoes, not frozen and reheated, but real potatoes.  That's always plus.  Then I noticed there was a GENEROUS portion of hollandaise on my eggs.  It was a tad much for me, but it was good.  My eggs were wonderfully poached and the ham was tastefully salty.Like I said, we were out the door in 45 minutes, even after waiting to be seated and the cash register debacle of taking awhile to process our debit cards when we were checking out.  I wanted to give the restaurant 4 stars because of the food, but I had such high expectations from reading other Yelp reviews and the service did not deliver.  I do believe it was in part due to being so busy and they did appear short-staffed, but I was slightly disappointed.
5	This is the second time I come to this diner and I just love it. I come from Henderson all the way here and it's so good, everyone is super friendly and at least both times I've been here they are very quick to seat you even when full and the food comes quick. A good big amount of food and a very decent price. Definitely gonna be a regular here!
4	We had a failed attempt at going to brunch elsewhere so I popped on my app to figure out some of my bookmarks. It's funny, I used to live in walking distance, but I never tried to go then and a bit sad that perhaps I missed out. It was busy, but the wait was not long at all, about 5-10 minutes. We were amused and creeped out by the decor in the meantime. There are a bunch of teddybears lining a ledge around the main dining room. They somehow seem to just be looking at me, at all times. Hehehe. The BF and I shared: Chicken fried steak - I think this is one of the best ones we've had. Its really crispy and didn't sog up with the gravy. Gravy was flavorful and the combination of the too wasn't overly salty which I find many tend to be. Fajita chicken omelette - this was just OK. A bit too much peppers and everything was in big chunks that it would have been better diced up in it and with cheese present. I can't remember if it's supposed to come with cheese, but it should, I wouldn't order again. The egg itself is fluffy though so they can make a solid omelette here but these toppings I wouldn't do again. Your breakfast comes with a choice of potatoes or fruit. We tried both kinds. Normally I would pick country potatoes over hashbrowns, but their hashbrowns here are slightly bigger shreds are were good. The country potatoes has peppers and onions with it and those were decent too. My only critique is I'm going to order extra crispy on both next time as the country only had one side sizzled and the hashbrowns would be better with a more crispy top to contrast the soft potatoes below.You get a bread as well. I got one of their biscuits which is pretty good of a biscuit that I normally don't eat a lot of my bread during breakfast, but I had to eat some with honey and butter. The BF really wanted a pancake, but a short stack is too much and their prices are odd in that it's only $1 less than a full stack so it makes it kinda not worth it. Apparently, you can sub your bread for one pancake and I don't think they charge for that either. We wanted a blueberry one and that was 99cents upgrade. This pancake was really good. I love that they put a lot of blueberries inside the batter since heating up the berries brought out their sweetness and the cake itself was nicely fluffy. Sidenote, I love their own bottled habanero hot sauce that is on every table. I sprinkled that onto my omelette. Service was friendly and attentive despite it being busy. She took her time giving us suggestions and answering our questions. We were checked on often and got our drinks filled efficiently. We were seated quickly and we were checked out fast as well. My first time, but it seems they know what they're doing. Despite it being a chain, it didn't feel like one and all items made from scratch is a huge plus. Most "mom and pops" don't make their own sausages or potatoes. We took home some treats too. Their bear claw was alright...the inside was plain sugar with strong cinnamon and not a smooth filling paste. It is better eaten warm and it's more puff pastry and not croissant like some people think it will be. It's one of those personal preference type things. Their blackberry cobbler had me confused as cobbler to me equals crumb top and crust on the bottom and this had crust all the way on the top. Once we opened it, there was only crust on top, none of the bottom just fruit filling hence the cobbler part I suppose since it's a partial crust only. It was decent with lots of blackberry in it, I just wish it was a actual mini pie because the crust was flaky. Even with a few minor hiccups/preferences, I was still pretty pleased so we will be back I'm sure. If you want big portioned all American, no frills breakfast, this probably should be on the shortlist of choices. If you are into chicken fried steak this will probably be the best you can get in the city.
3	One of the only chain breakfast places that I like to eat at. They also serve lunch and dinner but I cannot attest to their quality as I only care about breakfast. Do not come here if your just looking for a quick breakfast as their service tends to be consistently slow. If you manage to slip in when they are not busy the service speeds up but that is not usually the case. As far as the food is concerned I usually leave full and happy. The quality of food is good and I enjoy that their hashbrowns and potatoes are not pre-frozen and are all prepared there to order. So far all the food I have tried I enjoyed.I wanted to give 4 stars but the last two times that I have gone the service has been less than stellar with a really unorganized front of house. The host who seats does not pay attention to which groups come in first and seats them randomly which gets annoying when you have been waiting about 5-10 min just to be greeted.
5	Came here hung over, the biscuits and gravy saved my life. My wife had the chicken fried steak and I can see why its famous. Great food, great prices, friendly staff... only problem is the teddy bears everywhere kinda creeped me out. But definitely five stars!
4	Hometown cooking at its best. Great all you can eat fish special on friday nights. My other favorite is country fried steak and eggs! Hashbrowns are my favorite.
4	Im a fan they have the best pancakes according to my hubby my kids beg to go ....at least i dont have to cook i can pick um up! ps..i love it too!
5	Forget Denny's .. The food is really good, great prices.. The Chicken Pot Pie..Wow.. The portion are huge. The Gentleman that runs the day shift is friendly and remembers the regulars. Very professional . Denise and April are wonderful servers. Always great service. Hard to choose what to eat..Luv this place..
5	Yes. Yes. and YES this place is pretty darn awesome.As a country\chicken fried steak connoisseur, I must mention that everything you may have heard is true - they DO have great chicken fried steak. Every bite is worth EVERY calorie. Eachtime I've come here in the past year (I'd say over 10 times), I tell myself that I will try something else on the menu. Um, I haven't - I CAN'T!!! I feel ordering something else will deprive me of the opportunity to enjoy one of my favorite breakfasts.My husband especially loves that they have a "Hungry Bear's Breakfast" section - he hates it when he can't get a big breakfast! Even though the chicken fried steak (big foot version - of course) is his all time favorite, he loves The Grizz too.All the food is hot and fresh --but most importantly - consistent!!! That's a biggie.I love the owner\host guy that is there every time we walk in and seats us. He is the cutest old guy in the world. Every time we come in he gives us the warmest welcome and has this adorable smiling face. I keep telling my husband - I swear I just want to give that guy a hug.The wait staff seems to have been working there forever.. They know everything on that menu front and back. The service is always top notch. We haven't been there for any other time except breakfast but we have been meaning to and probably will in the near future. I would recommend signing up for their loyalty program - you get great deals via email that are hard to pass up.Definitely recommend this place!!! It's worth a drive to check it out!
4	Small volcano breakfast for me and steak and eggs for her. Both were good. Pancakes are killer!
4	YUM! That is the best way to describe the HUGE almond granola pancakes I had for breakfast (I ordered mine with no powdered sugar or butter and barely used any syrup - the standalone flavor was excellent) I couldn't finish more than 1 pancake (and they were just as good later and a snack, room temperature!)My husband had the Volcano breakfast with the sweet cream pancakes. I was less impressed with that version of the pancakes, tasted more like a plain muffin to me, but he enjoyed them just fine.It was SUPER busy, even on a Thursday late morning, so it seems others enjoy the rest of the menu too. There was a good mix of locals and travelers in house, which is a positive in my opinion.
4	Best Place to have Breakfast in Vegas....they always serve you a meal fit for a bear... all the food is grate and the service is also awesome. definitely recommend
5	Kids eat free on Tuesday nights. This was a pleasant surprise.
4	I love the decor... Lots of little bears all around!! I had Portuguese sausage with eggs and hashbrowns I believe... The sausage comes out as a big ass link split down the center! I was like HOLY SHIET! It came out kind of blackened but I kind of like it that way! It was ALL good! AND HUGE portions! LOOOVE IT!
4	My friends decided to take my on an adventure on St. Patrick's Day after spending the evening down town.  This was thier favorite spot for breakfast.  For 930 am on a Sunday morning there was quite a crowd of people waiting but the place is so big that we were seated within 15 minutes.   As you walk through the door the decor is definitely "black bear" themed.  A shelf of stuffed bears circle the restaurant-every stuffed bear you have ever seen is up there.   Probably a little creepy at night.  Just sayin.  So we sit down to order-we are famished!So in honor of St. Patricks Day I HAD to order the corned beef hash.  The waitress was pretty nice and seemed to know every guest seated around us.  It actually looks like a place where the regulars would go. :)   My friends ordered some kind of nut grain pancakes and biscuits and gravy.  My friends husband had the nut grain pancakes and I thought for a second "what are you thinkin" but I let him make the mistake on his own as he is the biggest breakfast guru I know.  He was very sad and disappointed but ate the whole thing even though he didnt like the tast.  The busquits and gravy was just that....a plate full of stick to your ribs gooey biscuits with white gravy.  Looked yummy but I would feel I would need something to go with that...It was huge by the way.  The corned beef hash was incredible with their homemade potatoes.  Toast a little on the dry side but all in all - I ordered the best breakfast out of all of us. ;)On the way out they have these homemade pies-individual size.  They looked amazing and I was half way temted to grab one to go.  Maybe next time.  I wouldnt mind trying this place out again to try something different.  Its a little out of my way but ya just never do know where you will end up on a Sunday morning on the town. ;)
4	This is a great place for regular old diner food. Reminds me of a place you would stop at on the road... log cabin like and rustically decorated. The selection is typical diner food, sandwiches, breakfast, burgers and home-style meals like chicken fried steak and pot pie, with a few big salads thrown in for good measure. Prices are reasonable and service friendly and fast. Went with a group and they were very accommodating, and did not mind that we sat around, AND gave us separate checks with a smile.
2	Food was only so-so.  Ordered eggs Benedict and the eggs were cold when my plate came to me.  My bacon was floppy, but I figured it was because it had sat under my eggs for a while.  Not just me though, my niece had bacon beside her french toast and it was just as badly done.  She loves the stuff but wouldn't touch it.Waitress took my plate without asking me if I was done yet.I wasn't.   :(
3	Want good diner food, but not starving?  Big Bear offers items on their "A Little Less " menuDuring lunch break some co-workers and I were looking for a place that had something to offer everyone, and Black Bear fit the bill.It's a homey atmosphere with lots of bear paraphernalia and a newspaper menu.  It's seen better days but was certainly packed at lunchtime.I went for the patty melt and while it wasn't the worst I've had it wasn't that great either.  Kinda bland. What I really like is that instead of the typical french fries or onion rings on the side, you can have a cup of soup instead.  As with the patty melt, the chicken soup was average.I have to admit I'm curious about the chicken fried steak after reading another review.  I may have to try it one of these days, but I won't go out of my way to get there.
1	the burger has no seasoning. The fries are overcooked. place has a dirty feel to it
5	Awsome Food, large portions and very attentive staff.
1	horrid service, cold, bland tasteless food.  the sausage gravy was so disgusting!
5	I don't know why I haven't tried this place sooner - but my daughter was celebrating her birthday and she was curious about it based on reviews. SO glad we went!The Shasta Scramble and the Ham and Egg Omelet were what we ordered. While my daughter opted for one of their "Less" options, I went for a scramble so I could try the red potatoes. The place was packed but we didn't have to wait long for a table. All the wait staff was very friendly and accommodating. Very interested to try a non-breakfast meal next time - everything looked great on the menu. The only word of warning is that the portions are large, so be prepared to eat hearty, share, or take home. :)
3	Excellent food, excellent serviceThis place is right out of Idaho, Oregon, upper Maine ,Oklahoma ,Salt Lake City. Good hot food, very busy, very polite waitresses, good prices.
4	Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs.  Homemade gravy.  That's all you need to know.   After viewing some YELP reviews about their chicken fried steak, this Texas born and raised girl had to make a special trek across this desert valley to test the YELP opinions about what could be "the best chicken fried steak" in town.  So far, this is the best chicken fried steak I have had in Las Vegas.  A rookie visitor here, I was pleasantly surprised by how friendly the staff was.  For a busy Saturday morning, with more than a 45 minute wait - the staff was extra friendly and working their tails off.  Unlike some other reviews I see, the place was filled with a very diverse clientele.  Very diverse.  I saw many people from every racial and ethnic background in this place.  The food was excellent.  They have a wonderful kids menu as well.  Our little one had her first ham and egg scramble here - and she ate all of it!  My final thoughts?  It is worth the drive across town for the chicken fried steak - whether for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  If hungry for anything else, I would probably stick to places closer to my home.  For Las Vegas southerners who might crave a chicken fried steak once or twice a year - this is my favorite so far.  Not exactly like my momma's - but nothing comes close to a momma's CFS.
5	Always a great time and awesome food at Black Bear! Huge portions for good prices.
5	Great service every time. Just good old fashion dinner food. Large portions at good prices nothing more nothing less.
5	I love Black Bear Diner! In whatever state they make their food the same...DAMN GOOD! Everytime I come to Vegas I find myself stopping here for breakfast. Everyone knows everyone in this place. Unfortunately, I'm just a visitor from out-of-town so nobody ever knows who I am. BUT THE FOOD IS STILL SUPER DELISH!!!
4	Get your name on the list, but don't let the lines scare you away. They seat pretty fast (15-20 minutes), and they tend to over estimate the wait time. Just try to avoid popular post-church service times, or you will wait!The is consistently good and so is the coffee. The service can be inconsistent at times, but is generally really good too. It's a clean restaurant and a fun place to go. They're great with children and their kids' plates tend to be a lot - but better than too little!It's worth the trip from almost anywhere (except maybe the far northeast or east near Nellis). In terms of seating, just be aware that if you get sat in the side room (off to the right when looking in the restaurant), the last booth on the left (walking toward the kitchen) is not bad, but the A/C blows right on you.Enjoy!
5	Stayed in Vegas for 6 days and ate here 5 of them.  Service, ambience, and food were top notch.  Personal favorite-the pancakes.  Best I've ever had.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  I have been coming here for years.  Wish it was closer to my house.  My husband and I stop in about twice a month.  The staff is amazing, very friendly and attentive.  You never have to wait for anything here.  Menu is insane, so many options.  They serve Breakfast all day!!!  I recommend the Pot Roast... OMG.... yum-o.  It's a nice family owned place, non corporate and great desserts, too!
4	Ever since we found one of these while visiting our property up in Reno, this is our "go to" place for weekend breakfasts. Although this is a franchise business, it never feels that way. The owner/manager is always by the front till, greeting the customers and welcoming them to the establishment. The portions are large without being obnoxious and the food is usually pretty good. We only come for breakfast, so we can't comment on their other meals.The place is usually packed on Saturday and Sunday mornings, but don't let all the people standing around waiting scare you off. They turn tables rather quickly and the wait usually isn't more than 10 to 15 minutes. If you bring kids, there are plenty of stuffed bears and other bear related items that can keep them occupied while you wait. One word of advice--if you go on Sunday, try to get there before the local church services end. It seems like that this is the place people like to come after church and the wait can be up to 45 minutes.Once seated, the service has always been top-notch. No matter how busy the place is, the servers always seem to have a smile on their face and make you feel like you're their most important customer. We've been coming here for years and it doesn't look like they have a lot of turnover in the front of house so the workers must enjoy the atmosphere. It's usually no more than a minute or two before you have your menu and the waitress is ready to take your drink order. Their coffee is good and we'd recommend their fresh squeezed orange juice. Unless you know exactly what you want for breakfast, the drinks will be there before you're done reading through the menu.I mostly order one of their three egg omelets (the California or I'll choose my own ingredients). No problems with substitutions here. The omelets come with hash browns which have always been crispy on the outside and warm and moist on the inside. My only complaint would be that the hash browns are under seasoned, which could be good if you're on a low sodium diet. I'll include a side of their sausage links to add a bit of meat to my meal. The links have just the right amount of seasoning to have that sausage bite without being overpowering. They are large, fresh and juicy instead of the small, wrinkled ones that have been sitting under a heat lamp that you get in some of the larger chains. Their buttermilk pancakes are large and fluffy and have never been over or undercooked. If you don't think you can eat the full meal, try ordering from their "Little Less" menu. The omelets are made with two eggs instead of three and all the portions are a bit smaller.The bad part about this place is that it's out west Tropicana which is a bit of a drive for us. We wish they'd open one somewhere in the northwest, although then we'd be eating here more than we probably should.
3	A neighborhood gem, Black Bear Diner takes you out of Vegas and into what the Mt. Charleston Lodge probably SHOULD look like. Stuffed bears everywhere. A very old town vibe. The food was pretty good--I had the apple chicken sausage with red potatoes and eggs. Not bad for my first time and I will probably visit a second time to try out their famous chicken fried steak. Ratings:Food 3.5/5Service 4/5Ambiance 3/5
3	Black Bear Diner is off the strip, but worth taking a cab from your hotel if you are visitng Vegas. It has a homey feel away from the craziness of Vegas.It has all your staple breakfast foods, great coffee and great service.  I had the french toast, fruit and scambled eggs and it was OK.  It was good enough that I would go back.  I would rather take a 10$ cab then pay for a $50 all you can eat buffet.I mean no one wants to eat $50 dollars worth of food then go to a pool party...
3	Black Bear Diner has been in business since 1926. Contrary to what the name might imply to some people, Black Bear Diner did not start out serving bear meat. It started as an inn in Mount Shasta, California that overlooked a strawberry patch that was inhabited by both people and black bears. Approximately ninety years later Black Bear Diner seems to be a healthy business. They have several locations including this very one at the northwest corner of Tropicana Avenue and Jones Boulevard.   Black Bear Diner operates by six (6) credos. I have put each credo to the test. This review lists each credo with Yelping feedback. Please bear with me, while I grow my yelp into a growl while I give feedback on each of the six credos.Credo #1: We will make Black Bear Diner a place where you can feel comfortable and relaxed. We offer you great food and an experience reminiscent of a time when a small-town restaurant was the place to go for talk, friendship and atmosphere.A Yelper's growl: On my visits that occurred during the afternoon of June 22 and the morning of June 23, 2013; the lodge theme made me relaxed. There is nothing like a hundred stuffed bears to make me feel at ease. Black Bear Diner reminds me more of a bear themed Cracker Barrel than a small-town restaurant. The menu which mimics a newspaper and the place mats were interesting reading material. Being in the information age where friends, especially yelp friends are within the touch of a handheld device, I could say that the excellent Verizon reception contributed to making this a place for friendship.Credo #2: We are dedicated to serving freshly prepared home cooking. From scratch sausages and biscuits to our legendary Black Bear Cobbler, everyone at Black Bear Diner goes the extra mile to provide you with the best in good old fashioned family food, prepared fresh every day.A Yelper's growl: Based on the Shasta cheeseburger with fries that I ate on June 22 and the Bear's Choice Breakfast special that I ate on June 23; I thought that the food was good yet not extraordinary. I would have appreciated more cheese on the Shasta cheeseburger, warmer fries, and a choice of syrups and toppings for the pancakes.Credo #3 We deliver each meal just the way you order it.A Yelper's growl: This ought to be mentioned when the server takes your order. When I ordered the Bear's Choice Breakfast, this would have been nice if it was brought to my attention. I would of enjoyed more beacon instead of pancakes.Credo#4: We believe in value-hearty portions of good food. We buy huge platters and we fill them, so don't be afraid to take leftovers home!A Yelper's growl: The portions are huge. However, I feel that instead of filling up a lot of the plate with fries that they ought to replace some of them with the choice of potato salad or cole slaw. For the record fries are not the kind of food that tastes good warmed up. Credo #5: We feature healthy options because we care about our customers.A Yelper's growl: I do not go to a diner, especially named Black Bear to eat healthy. I say good for them for featuring healthy options. I would like to add that all the stuffed bears and bear memorabilia was good for my mental health. Stuffed bears have a way of reducing my stress level. Credo #6: If you have comments that bear repeating, please tell us. If you have extraordinary service, or have something to growl about, we want to hear from you. Please visit our website to let us know how we are doing.A Yelper's growl: Growling on business websites is not my style. My style is to growl on Yelp. With that in mind my growl of Black Bear Diner is 3  1/2 stars.***The Daniel. S 2013 Yelp 100 Challenge. This is review 90***
1	We were driving around and didn't want to go to a casino for dinner and found this diner on Urban spoon with a "Best Restaurant 2013"! I was shocked!  The chicken fried steak was frozen and raw tasting, the baked potato had been kept warm too long and was horrible, the chowder was warm and lacked clams, the mash potatoes were watery!   This was the worst food I have had in a long time!  Our server was excellent but the one  at the register was on her cell phone and another very loud one was taking pictures of some family members in for dinner.   Definitely would not go there and I do not recommend it for anybody who likes good food!   1 star is 1 too many!
5	Thanks to yelp and all of you fab reviewers we pulled up to Black Bear. Our service was absolutely excellent and our waitress was very attentive and really gave us that hometown diner experience!I enjoyed the sweet cream pancakes and the chicken and apple sausage was the best I've had! They had something for everyone in our family bunch of 7 and serve breakfast all day. Not one of us was disappointed. Thanks Yelp & Black Bear! 'Til next time for sure!
5	I like that they remember my name when I return. Most of the food is good.  My mom did not like the Chicken Pop Pie. They serve large portions. There is usually a wait on Sundays.  I usually eat there once a week for lunch. Sadly, they removed the Caeser Chicken Salad from the menu.
5	My buddy and I travel to Vegas every year and this place is always great!! Besides having the best tasting home style food in Vegas, the service seals the deal on ensuring we make multiple stops here while we're in town. For those of you traveling from Texas, you'll truly appreciate the " just like home" cooking (and portions!) this place offers.  Ray , the manager, remembers us each year and his approach to Client Satisfaction is why his entire staff make you feel very welcomed! Our thanks to Ray and the entire LV Black Bear team!!!
1	I normally LOVE Black Bear. After all, my yelp photo is of me in my Black Bear suspenders. I came here on my birthday yesterday & had an AMAZING time with Dawn! She was so sweet & made me laugh the whole time. It was so good that I thought I'd come back a second time... Guess all good things come to an end. Sad story now..... Dawn wasn't there & we got stuck with this "waitress" named Candy. Very dry/cold, checked back at every table around except ours, seemed irritated through out the experience. Keep in mind, I'm young & my boyfriend is young. But we both have worked in the restaurant industry, we know how to tip. We also know not to profile young couples assuming that they don't have the money to tip. The food took awhile to come out, about 20-25 minutes. Not the normal ticket time for Black Bear. Candy never apologized. It might have been busy, but you're a waitress. Ask for help & keep the service up. We had to GET UP & ask another waitress to get some ketchup, our table didn't have any.  She was only nice at the end when she probably sensed our frustration with the lack of service(oh, and all her other tables left). If there was another Black Bear in town, I would never stop by this one again. The Manager or Owner was the first person to check back after we got our food... But that was still about 15 minutes after we got it. He was about the only impressive thing about the experience. He stopped by every single table. So to end my sad story, you wonder what I tipped her right??? Well to prove her theory right, I wrote a fat zero on the tip line & a cute little note that read "Don't profile your guests. Young couples tip well too if you serve them right." Hope she learns her lesson. Until then, I'm calling in before I come to make sure she isn't there. Forewarning to you guys, you should do the same! Have a great day Hungry Bears :)
4	This review is long overdue. I've been coming here once a week on average for pretty much 3 years now. The staff are super sweet and are always happy and willing to serve. Also, they literally have the best BLT in town for the price, if you get the "BLAST" it is a sin to not also have a side of their ranch with bacon. Yes, sometimes whoever the chef is that day puts out food that's a little sloppy. Once I was a little freaked out because they gave me my breakfast with a side of dried out/rotten orange slices (but it was the "garnish" stuff on the side I never eat anyway). But the thing is, if you just point out what's wrong with your food, they are happy to fix it immediately. So if you want a bowl of chicken noodle soup, some chicken strips, or a BLT, this is your place. By no means should you come here with any higher expectations. There are stuffed bears lining the entire diner, honestly what sort of food are you expecting lol
4	Sunday Breakfast in Vegas = long lines. After a few hot spots proved this theory true we drove across town. Just a 15 min wait we were taken to our seat by an older gentleman who was busy greeting people and talking to patrons who were leaving, a very friendly person. My food was very good. A wide variety of lunch and breakfast items with large or small portion options. Service was a bit slow but it was busy.
3	The first thing you notice about this place is that they are actually true to theme of the name of their restaurant. Everywhere you look, there is something that has to do with black bears. You don't see that at every place you go to eat at.Since im trying to stay away from red meat, I ordered the Spicy Turkey on Sourdough Bread. It came with onion rings. If you refer to my pic, the sandwich itself is pretty big. I gotta say it was very tasty with a little kick to it. It Definitely filled me up.Service was above average meaning she came around and checked up on me every now and then. I only had to ask for refills once so she was on point for the most part.I would say this place is a decent place to go to if plan A falls through. For some reason I thought they were 24 hours but they have had the same hours since they opened long ago.So this place to me is ok in my book. Decent food, service, and ambiance. Nothing really stands out and nothing really deserves a complaint.
3	After a wild weekend in Vegas of staying in one of the fancy hotels on the strip, my girlfriend and I wanted to grab a GOOD and reasonably PRICED meal before we got on the road to home. So of course we drove off the strip to achieve these two goals in a meal in Las Vegas.  A woman working at the gas station directed us to this place which made it clear that this was a "locals" spot.  The Rundown-About 7min drive from the strip-Clean and quaint -Kind of a long wait on weekends (15-20 min)-Food is pretty good, standard diner food.  (Turkey Burger was AMAZING)-The staff was VERY friendly and attentive -Our waitress even told us the truth about certain items on the menu that she would suggest we NOT order lol good on her -Coffee was amazing- BILL was super CHEAP Will def make this a tradition for a hang over meal after a crazy weekend in Vegas
5	Stopped in on a whim and an empty stomach.  The place was almost filled to capacity, yet I was greeted and seated immediately.  Quickness with my water and coffee.  I ordered a homemade bearclaw filled with apples, it was delicious and piping hot! ($4.99)  For the main course I tried the California Bacon Benedict with hashbrowns. ($9.99)  It also came with a bowl of fresh fruit.   Bene also had avocado, tomato, and spinach; the hollandaise was slightly tangy, IMO, perfect.  Healthy portions.  They even have their own brand of hot sauce with three different heat levels (Baby, Mama, and Papa Bear with habanero).  It was, hands down, the best restaurant breakfast I've had in years.Pricewise, you will pay similar prices at IHOP or Pancake House, and their food doesn't even compare.The atmosphere is casual and "log cabin-y", with stuffed, painted, and carved bears all over.The service was prompt, attentive, and very friendly. This place is aces for breakfast!!!
5	Great food, great service with great prices. ..
4	Nothing says down home cooking like decorating your restaurant to match the namesake's theme. I loved walking in and seeing bears EVERYWHERE! My first thought was how much I wanted to bring my 2 year old niece here.We were seated right away, even though it looked really busy, and the food came out in great timing. I loved how friendly the staff were. They seemed to be an eclectic bunch who were really positive and friendly--something that can be difficult to do during the busy times of the day. And our server even sold us on getting the blackbeary cobbler because she was willing to take the time and talk to us. It was delicious, btw.Overall, if I am hankering for some good diner grub, this is definitely towards the top of the list of places to go!
5	Excellent food, great service and low(for Las Vegas) prices.  I went for a late breakfast mid-week with my daughter and grandson . Generous portions and great variety of food. My grandson had the cinnamon roll frenchtoast-I stole a bite and it was yummy! My daughter had cheese and sausage omelet with hashbrowns and toast, she was very happy with it; and I had scrambled eggs with pancakes, also very good. I  will be back next time I'm in town.
4	If you come for lunch be sure to come early because this place gets packed. Although it was my 1st time at this location, I had been to a Black Bear before. They serve up traditional diner food with generous portions. Prices are about the same as any other diner I've been to in town and are pretty reasonable for the amount of food you're getting. The service was decent despite the amount of people that were dining and there was constantly a line waiting to be seated. I would come again, but either earlier or later in the day to avoid the noon lunch rush
4	The food is okay...the gravy is good.  The chef or the waitress didnt get our order correctly.  The portions are big and the biscuit is not all that good.  It's dry.
4	My GF loved this restaurant growing up on the west coast. When she discovered this location she begged/demanded that we give this place a try. Servings are huge! The GF had a chef salad that could have easily served and filled up a family of four. The ingredients were fresh and had great flavor. Only. Complaint was that they didn't have regular ranch and she had to settle for their Bacon Ranch (there was none of it left to take home with her leftovers so it really wasn't a complaint with merit) The daughter had fish and chips, another huge portion good fish flavor but the fries were soggy. They might need a different routine (not leaving them hang over the frier etc to keep them crisp).I had the Ravioli it was a huge portion I took half home with me as I also had the BlackBerry Cobbler. The Cobbler was amazing definitely worth stopping in for all by itself. The Ravioli wasn't bad but definitely not the best thing on their menu. It looked odd/out of place on the menu amongst all the country dishes and I just had to give it a try.The Ravioli had a strong vinegar taste that I didn't care a whole lot for. The sauce outside of the vinegar was good and the pasta/meat was almost perfect.The service was top notch quick to refill drinks. Quick to bring out extra dressing for the salads. Always with a smile and a country flare. I'm a fan and will be happy to return.
2	Have been going here for years and today may have been our last. Worse yet, we took friends and things did not go well.They had the French dip and I noticed them kind of pushing them around. When I asked, I got the old "thanks for the suggestion", worst we've had. Cold, bland and the capper, the man used the men's room and it was filthy. Someone had even moved their bowls in a urinal.  The menu is different as well. Has this place changed owners or something?
4	It's good stuff and reminds you of the quintessential diner experience. With lots of stuffed bears. Having said that, I tasted the chicken fried steak and it was good but not remarkable. I feel like nothing was really fresh. Basically, it's a diner.
3	Never blows my mind but never dissapoints and has huge portions.
3	It's a diner and beyond the aesthetic of the place, which is cool, the food is exactly what you expect it to be. Also you may want to share your plate, everything comes in HUGE portions.
3	I had dinner there two nights ago.  The staff was friendly and the food was great I had the chicken fried steak it was cooked perfectly.  My only issue was that the place is filthy.  The carpet is old and stained there was food on the floor and when the staff was wiping off the take they were simply pushing the crumbs onto the seats.  If the clean that place up it will get a 5 star from me.
4	Great food, friendly service.This is a great place to come for a good down home style breakfast. The homemade sausage is the highlight of the menu. Pancakes are excellent too. I agree with the other reviews about the bears being a little weird but it gives it a homey feel to it. Great place for a family breakfast on Sundays or Holidays.
2	I'm giving them 2 stars only because I have been there before and it wasn't horrible. This visit was disgusting! The restaurant is dirty, our food came out cold and tasteless, and the service was the worst! She did not offer coffee or soda refills she had a scowl on her face the entire time, until she brought the check that is! Honestly I will never go back.
1	stopped in for breakfast today and the food was cold. the chicken was old and tasted so nasty.will not return
5	almost  every  Sunday morning  you  can find  my  family  of  four  here  for  breakfast,  the  service is  always  great.  they  are  almost always sure  to  be  busy  but  never have  to  wait  to  long  for a  booth  and I  love the  fact they  always  try  to  get me a  booth,  since I  have  two  kids,  without  nee  even having  to  ask!  the  crew  always  remembers  us  and  are  super  friendly  with the  kids.  the  atmosphere  is fun  and  comfortable.  and  the  food  is  always  good.  thanks  you  guys  for  making a  place  for  family's  to  dine  :)  you've  done a  great  job!
4	I've been in Vegas since '05 and have never given this place a thought, although I had driven by it often. My girlfriends and I came here after a morning workout at the suggestion of our trainer.  The place is cutely decorated with stuffed bears all through out and a couple bear statutes before you even walk inside.  What I like about Black Bear is unlike Eggworks or Cracked Egg it wasn't as crowded and seating felt more comfortable and not as tight.  The menu had your basic breakfast items.  If you are trying to eat healthy they offer Fit and Focused Scrambles for under 500 calories,   And I don't know how healthy the 7-grain granola nut cakes are but they had an interesting nutty flavor to them and I like them better then regular pancakes.  They also offer sugar free syrup.  The waitress suggested the two stack for three of us and it was plenty to split.  Portions are very generous.  Service was good!  Never had to ask for coffee or water refills and the waitress.
4	reasonable prices and friendly service. there was a lot to choose from on their menu. Their pies also look good but I unfortunately did not try one.
5	Been a few times. The portions are outrageously huge and the food is super yummy.  Good ole deep down South cookin' for sure!  Takes me back to Mema's kitchen every time.  Definitely the spot for any Born & Raised Southerner who finds themselves traveling out West :)
2	I've been to this place twice.the first night I came, I was by myself, and STARVING. I was seated right away, and then sat there for 15 minutes with NO ONE approaching me to even offer me water.Now...the restaurant was busy, but you should never be THAT busy that someone can't come over and offer water. I left.I went back one night with my best friend.  Neither of us felt like cooking, so we stopped in.  Again, we were seated right away, and waited for about 10 minutes before we were given water and had our orders taken.  We almost left again.  10 minutes is too long to wait, even in a busy restaurant. The chili was good.  That was really the only stellar part of my meal. I ordered a burger, and I honestly could have cooked a better one at home.  For having mediocre food, and LOUSY service, I don't think that I will EVER go back again.
2	Food was good, service was lacking but I did notice that it was only my waitress.When I asked the different waitresses for refills or things like the rest of my food, she quickly and courteous obliged.I'll give it a second try, I'll just make sure to get a different waitressOh and the pie in the window was stale, when i returned it the manager checked the date to see how long they were where and it was almost 2 weeks...so stay away from the pie in the window.....lolStale pie and bad service and I still give it 2 stars....the food must be pretty decent right. Look at my other reviews, I'm picky
5	Fresh , staff has friendly genuine happiness and the customers are in a great mood ! Much better than the big casino sunday Buffett. It's a sit down and order from menu casual diner. Everyone returns as a friend! If your having a bad day, come  in and relax and get some comfort food with your cell phone turned off! My gym buds pile on the egg whites and fresh oatmeal !!!
4	chicken fried steak, biscuits, hash.... all in an authentic diner setting.   Perfect.
4	3 words: Chicken Fried Steak! Treat yourself and order it! Most of the times I've been here it's been packed yet they still managed to seat me within a few minutes. When you combine great service, with great food, and huge portions - you've got a customer for life in me!
5	This is the go-to restaurant when none of my friends can decide where to eat because nothing here can ever go wrong. The food is delicious and hearty! I am always left feeling very full and satisfied. There is a great lot to choose from and sometimes it's very difficult to choose. Lol. The atmosphere is cozy (and has stuffed bears!) which is all you could really ask for in a diner setting. The service is very consistent! I always feel so welcome here, and every server I've ever had has always been both friendly and helpful. Towards brunch, it gets quite busy, so come early! It's worth it!
4	Everything you could ever want in a diner complete with a nice country-feel and a surplus of bears, beats, and Battlestar Galactica! (just kidding about those last two)The interior is chock full of bear decorations as the name suggests. It reminded me of the diners I used to frequent in Upstate New York with my great-grandparents as a child. Upon entering on a busy Friday night, the three of us were quickly seated. I opted for 'The Grizz', their breakfast special which includes two pancakes, bacon, a small ham steak, two sausages, three eggs prepared to your liking, and choice of potatoes. Along with this Ron Swanson approved meal, I got a cup of their delicious house coffee to wash it all down. Everything was completely satisfactory as far as my meal went. Our waitress was on her game and all of the food items came out cooked to perfection, which is really all you can ask for in a basic meal such as this. The prices were reasonable enough and we all left with a stuffed bellies and smiles on our faces.
3	Three and a half stars really.  Had the hobo omlette.  Strangely the ingredients are not fried into the egg.  It's like the egg portion is fried separately and then rolled up around the ingredients.  So anyhow the omlette was good but not great.  Mr. Mom's serves up an omlette which is awesome.  The black bear fresh fruit was excellent - nearly the best I've found except for The Daily Egg which also adds kiwi to their fresh fruit so I'd slightly prefer that one.  The entire waitress staff was the most impressive I've seen at any diner - absolutely great!!!  Our server April was simply a pleasure.
4	This Place is our new Stop in Las Vegas :) great food and super nice Service, Thank You April :)My Steak and Eggs were better prepared than at the Voodoo Steakhouse at the Rio, where we paid 10x more for lousy food! My Wife loved her Patty Melt and all in all great vibe in the House :)
2	Since Yelp took off my review since it was similar to another black bear I'm reposting my review.  Even though I gave this Black bear a bad review and the other a good review.My main issue with this place was the time I went here which was on a Sunday, that I waited an extremely long amount of time to get seated.  It was because I was solo that day because there are no bar seats here for single customers it really seemed like anyone coming in by them selves waited way longer than customers in groups of two or more.Food is good, the wait though wasn't.
2	People talk this one up, but to me it was pretty gnarly. I am definitely biased against chains, so take this for what it is, but if you're going to have locations in multiple states- please do breakfast right. Corned beef hash was not good. Not even like it could have been helped. It was not good. Won't go back unless under duress.
5	This is a great diner. The staff has always been friendly with my friends and I. The food comes in huge portions and a great variety on the menu. I'm partial to getting something like chicken fried steak, but they have a little of everything. Sweet tea was also very tasty.Love how the menu is a newspaper. Just adds to the ambiance and theme. Overall, love eating at this diner.
4	Great little diner over in Spring Valley. I have only had breakfast here and it has always been good, the Eggs Benedict and "The Grizz" usually. "The Grizz" is a lot of food, perfect if you are a big hungry bear like myself or if you want to split it down the middle with your companion. I would say this is my second favorite diner in Las Vegas after the 24 hour Peppermill.
5	Had an awesome lunch at Black Bear Diner.  We had great service from the host to our server Mindy.  I had the pot roast melt as recommended by Mindy (best melt ever) and my girlfriend had their HUGE chicken steak (10 oz.) which wound up being 3 meals for her even after my help.  We were so full we wound up getting the Black Beary cobbler to go which was also amazing.  We will definitely be back with Mindy hopefully as our server but if that's not the case I'm sure we will be treated just the same.  Thank you to the staff at BBD from the front of the house to the amazing cooks and chef in the back.
5	Always great food an great service..the onion rings here aer the best. Perfectly cooked an ohhhh so crunchy on the outside an perfect on the inside..its always a great meal here..
5	This is my favorite place to go when I'm trying get that warm and cozy feeling here in the city. Service is always wonderful. I've surprised them with large parties on numerous occasions, and they always seem to be able to accommodate! Try the California Benedict; it's my favorite! And 3 cheers for fresh orange juice!
4	One of the best place go to for breakfast! I highly recommend this restaraunt. Fast service and great food!
5	I wish i could give this place 10 stars. I've been going to this place for over three 3 yrs now. Rey the Owner is awesome and this place has a great home town feeling. The food is also great and the servers are so welcoming and nice. Pricing is great - plates are full of food.Love this place so much
3	I've been to a lot of Black Bear Diner's in California and thought that I would give this one a go. I like consistency and home style food was needed! Heading to Black Bear seemed perfect.We were seated immediately upon arrival. Our waitress was friendly. Our food came out fast. The iced tea was just okay...I'm docking one star for cleanliness....the bears that line the wall are filthy with dust...so much dust. Other than that, parking was good, the place was packed and the food was exactly as I had expected...and needed after getting off of a very early flight from California.
1	I heard great things about this place. The reviews raved about the chicken fried steak. However, I had a horrible experience there. It might be because I went there at 5, and they weren't prepped for dinner yet?  My friend ordered the stuffed chicken and I ordered the chicken fried steak. They just ran out of soup, and since we were both in the mood for New England Clam Chowder, we opted to wait 15 minutes. They brought us coffee that we didn't order. We didn't get any of our food because we chose to wait for the soup. My friend had ordered onion rings, which we hoped they would bring early, but alas they did not. Her stuffed chicken was dry and lukewarm. My chicken fried steak and mashed potatoes were lukewarm as well. The steak was crunchy and it might have been better if it were steaming hot. The waitress ending up forgetting about the onion rings which were amazing. They were hot and crunchy and delicious! I only wish the rest of my meal was just as amazing. For our dessert, we ordered the bread pudding and the chocolate lava cake- both a la mode. However, they premake the dessert, leave it on display, and warm it up.  The cake was kind of dry. The bread pudding was pretty yummy. We both signed up on yelp to become a member to get a free coffee and bear claw. However, neither of us got the e-mail which isn't this store's fault, but a fault of yelp?Two tables came in after us and we left later than them. I understand that we opted to wait for our soup. However, we spent two hours in that diner!
4	A great place to go for breakfast. Good portions, good variety. The staff were all...happy! A nice change from many of the burned-out staff at the casinos. Well worth leaving the strip to get some "home town" feel. Ray, the owner, greeted us when we came in. He shared with us that many of his staff have been there for over ten years, that says a lot! And the coffee is even decent. Worth a try.
4	This place has got potential. I did quite enjoy their chili w/ cornbread muffin. Nothing really special but I enjoyed it nonetheless. Pie wasn't anything special to me. Crust was hard and it was a pain to eat. I did get the Grizz on my first visit but ehhhhh. I'm gonna try the country fried steak next time. In terms of service, it's not too shabby but not exceptional either.
5	My second visit here and the food and service was great.  Not too far off the strip and worth the short drive to get here.  I had the Chorizo Scramble with tortillas which was excellent.  Service was top notch and our waitress very accommodating.  Get off the strip and have a great breakfast!
5	We love their warm atmosphere.  We had two children under two and they squealed with delight at all the stuffed animals and when they got fussy our waitress got them balloons. The food was awesome  warm and delicious comfort foods. Thank you so much for a fun family dining!
4	What a great place for breakfast! BBD has a very warm, friendly, family feel to it. Cindi was our server and she is fantastic! She took the time to answer all our questions and never let my coffee cup go empty. The coffee by the way was delicious! The menu was on newspaper and there are stories also on it telling the (you are allowed to keep it) story of BBD and other stuff. Most of the food on the menu is made from scratch and it says you can customize your order any way that you like and if they can do it, they will.I ordered from their "little less" menu which has smaller portions. It was still enough to fill me! For $6.99 I had 1 egg, 2 pieces of bacon, hash browns and sourdough toast. The egg was cooked just the way I ordered it, the bacon had great flavor, the hash browns were too tasty and the sourdough toast was great! Something simple as breakfast is easy to mess up, but they do it right here. I also ordered a "Bear Claw" priced at $4.49 however I was too stuffed from breakfast to tackle that big boy! Cindi packed it to-go for me and said to just pop it in the microwave for 25-30 seconds before I'm ready to eat it. She also said the bear claws are made at each location daily! That bear claw made for one mighty fine dessert :)Lunch and dinner is also served here at BBD. I have no doubt it is probably tasty, but I'm sure this will me more of a breakfast spot for me since I enjoyed that so much.
2	Service was ok. Got seated as soon as we walked I'm but rarely came back to our table after that.Ordered the steak and eggs. Steak was cooked correctly but was cold upon arrival. Flavor was ok. Hash browns were mediocre. Eggs were good. Pricey as well.
5	Awesomeness tried the bigfoot chicken fried steak must try staff friendly good prices and went the next day got the hungry man steak and eggs both a winner.
2	So I've been hearing how good this place is and decided to try it with my family. The decor is unique, a lot of junk for dust to collect on. A busser greeted us at the door and walked us to a booth. Only problem was that I asked for a table but I guess he didn't hear me. A few moments later our server got our orders and the food came out quick. I decided to order the stuffed cheddar burger. I ordered it well done, I got my burger rare. I ordered well because I know stuffed burgers take a lot longer to cook. I called the server over and told her my burger was still under, she tried to explain to me that's how there burgers come. I cook for a living, we server burgers as well at my work, don't give me that BS. Anyways she really didn't try to fix the situation. My girlfriend didn't want us to make a scene so I left the issue alone. Later while some of us were still eating the server comes up to our table and try to start taking our plates. Sorry we are slow eaters, sorry we were conversing instead of eating. On the bright side there pancakes were really really good. Enough for me to give this place a second try sometime down the road.
5	I love me some Black Bear!! The staff is so personable and friendly (and I'm not just saying that because they gave me blueberry and regular pancakes) hahaha their pancakes are superb and sausage, omg..just great place for breakfast!! I'll keep you posted on the lunch and dinner on my next visit!
5	The food was good, but the service made it. Thanks from a Vegas bachelor who realized he had no plans at 7PM.
5	Always greeted with a friendly smile! Service is fast and friendly and the food is amazing! The California Bacon Benedict and the Country Fried Steak are delicious!!
5	Hefty hefty portions at the most reasonable prices! Everything was absolutely delicious--Black Bear Diner is one of the reasons why breakfast is my favorite meal.We ordered the massive country fried steak, pancakes, and Godfather's omelette (all less than $12 a plate)--my mouth is watering as I write this review. My family of four had a hard time finishing even 3/4 of all our dishes.We had to forgo the bear claw, although I regret that now. Sign up for their e-mail list to get a free coffee and bear claw! But you need to sign up a few days before because it takes at least 24 hours for the e-mail to come through.I'd skip the breakfast buffets and make the detour here. It's in the middle of nowhere but totally worth it.
4	4.5 starsI came here for breakfast and liked it more than I expected. I had seen these places in California before but thought it was something different. My loss... until now! The inside might be lined with stuffed animals like your grandmas house or little sisters room but don't let any of that fool you. This place is solid.  So I ordered The Volcano breakfast. 3 pancakes (made with sweet cream), 2 pieces of bacon, scrambled eggs with cheese and a sausage patty. The pancakes were great and the bacon was cooked to order. The sausage is made at the restaurant and has a nice taste and my eggs were hot and good. It was a nice pile of food for $8. Our waitress was very good and even stopped to talk to us about the restaurant and some of the popular things on the menu. OH YEAH..... check out the humongous bear claws they have in the glass case as you walk in.
4	very fresh and lots of food. very yummy
3	No wait on a Saturday night.  This is always a last chance, last resort kind of place.  The food is only ever Meh at best.  Over the last couple of trips in there we have had ravioli, chicken fried steak, ribs, and a burger.  The burgers are consistently good there. Everything else is fairly lack luster.  Not bad.  Just frozen/canned.  It is close in our neighborhood and when we cant figure out anything else we go in.  I wouldn't recommend it to friends from our of town.
5	Just ate here and it was delicious.  Erna was our waitress and she was in point with all her recommendations! The world needs more servers like her!At my table, my family had the fried chicken, chicken fried steak, Cobb salad, and some burgers. They were huge portions and very good!
2	First (and last) time here! Nice to be known at your local restaurant but to be in line and have individuals known to the staff pulled and seated ahead is not appropriate. Service was fast and friendly however food was cold where next to plate. Quantity was good. Servers question on how was the food was rhetorical and had he not made it as a statement and as a question he would have had the same feedback.
1	I've been to this restaurant before a couple times and had ok experiences.  Both the food and wait staff are decent.  But it's not close to where I live.  I was surprised to find a Free Entree Coupon in my email recently.  I guess I signed up for their restaurant club and they sent me a coupon for my birthday... how sweet.  So I decided to place a couple entree orders and pick it up for dinner for myself and my girlfriend, driving out of my way, but hey, a free meal is nice these days.To my disappointment, the cashier, while checking me out indicates that I can only use my Free Entree Coupon for Dine In.  But that fine print is ultra fine and tiny, on the 3rd line at the very bottom of the email.  I don't know about you but I am really tired of being TRICKED into visiting an establishment and being forced to partake in a dining experience not of my preference.It's very easy to be transparent with customers and that is what I appreciate.  Anything else is excruciatingly frustrating.I can't see returning.
5	I stopped here on the way out of Vegas only with a little bit of money left. My order came out quickly and was delicious. The price was very reasonable and I had enough left over to take a pie home with me. I would definitely come here again!
3	Had breakfast here with my family on Monday for the first time and I loved the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant it was very cozy and the staff was pleasant. Coffee was a little weak, could be brewed stronger but over all the food was good. Definitely want to come back and try this place out for lunch..
1	Was not impressed.  Server was rushed. Food was low budget.  Tasted like instant potatoes.  Waitress admitted the Green beans were canned.  Peas in chicken pot pie were canned as well.  Have had much better experience at their ST George location.
5	I have to give this place 5 stars. A few points deducted for lukewarm gravy on the country fried steak and outdated decor, but an otherwise perfect down home country diner meal. Three of us split a few dishes and here are the results. The sweet cream pancakes are the absolute best pancakes I have ever had. For reals. All of the egg dishes (chicken sausage scramble, over medium and scrambled) were perfectly cooked, well seasoned and just plain delicious. Large portions for nice prices. The biscuits were huge and fluffy. Even the fruit salad was sweet and fresh. The Chicken fried steak is a must try, even though I can generally take it or leave it. Our server was super sweet and attentive. Overall lovely experience and this place clearly knows what they are doing.
3	Their corporate office in California cares about customer service.  They responded within days of my visit and have sent me a voucher for a free meal the next time I'm in the area.
5	Love this Place, Every time I Go here to eat, the food comes out hot, large portions, so you can take some home for later, and oh so yummy. My dad orders the famous Black Berry Pie, which they serve warm with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top. Soooo Good. Definitely a place to go for some home cooked comfort food. Great family restaurant and what a cool atmosphere! all the bears! Kids love to look at all the different bears, The staff is always helpful, friendly and quick to get you anything you need and they look happy , unlike some waitresses at other restaurants in this town. So overall, check out the Black bear Diner well worth it !!
3	This place really deserves 2 stars but I added one for the sweet cream pancakes which were awesome. The husband and I ordered chicken fried steak and why not we're in Sin City why not partake in some gluttony. The steak was good but I've had better. The potatoes were just awful! We had hash browns and breakfast potatoes both were barely room temperature and raw in the middle. The waiter was super busy and it had already taken a while just to get our food so we just dealt. We actually got our pancakes after we had finished our eggs and steak. Lucky too as that was the only saving grace, the pancakes kind of tasted like cake but in a good way. If you decided to go stick with maybe pancakes and eggs no potatoes. Also the iced tea was weird it just tasted funky bad batch maybe?
4	I've been to many different Black Bear Diners. This one is just like the others, the food is good the service is good and the atmosphere is good.We had breakfast, everything came out in a timely manner, the food was hot, including the potatoes and there was plenty of food to be had. My eggs were not cooked as long as I like but, that was minor.We had the Country Fried steak breakfast. We also tried a bear claw, that was very good. Plus the service was great.Not sure what some of the reviewers expect, this is a diner not a 5 star restaurant. As for the guy, who gave it one star because he couldn't take his free meal to go, that is a normal policy at most restaurants.
4	They have the best Chicken Fried Steak in Vegas, so far. The outer crust stays crunchy while wonderfully smothered by creamy white gravy. Served with hash brown and eggs. The Big Foot chicken fried steak plate is huge and good enough for two to share.the Bread Pudding is great, even better with vanilla ice cream! It's topped off with warm Pecan Praline sauce, and as the ice cream slowly melts combining with the sauce, it then becomes a whole new creamy thick buttery sweet goodness and is absorbed into the bread pudding = a spoonful of decadent creamy bread pudding deliciousness, mmmm
2	Today we decided to go to our favorite diner. Nothing I hate more than going to a restaurant and not being greeted by the person running the front. Chrissy acted like we were a huge bother. No smile. Nothing. We found a new diner closer to home. Think we will try that one instead. I worked in the service industry before and service with a smile is huge. Acting like the public is annoying doesn't help with your hostess career, Chrissy. Learn to be grateful that people even come to your job to eat to keep your place open.
4	The entree I had at The Black Bear Diner in Las Vegas was one of the worst I've ever had, but the way our server handled it was so unexpectedly nice that I had to write. I ordered the Rustic Ravioli because it looked good in the menu. When it showed up on the table it was watery and just tasted like italian seasoned beef. I felt like an idiot because I should have known better than to order pasta at a place like this! C'mon, Black Bear Diner is for breakfast-all-day, burgers, and excessive amounts of french fries! It was a foolish mistake on my part, so I didn't send it back. I ate the bread that came with it and picked apart a few ravioli. My sister let me have some of her yummy breakfast foods that she was sensible enough to order. We decided that when the waitress came back we'd order some blackberry pie.   The waitress (I wish I'd caught her name! She was really tall with light hair, probably in her 40s) came back to check on us and noticed I had barely picked at my watery ravioli.  She asked if it was okay and I think my discomfort with complaining showed on my face. I told her that I knew better than to order pasta here and that I was done with it. She murmured something placating and took it away. When she came back with our pie she let us know that she'd taken the offending ravioli off our bill and that the pie was on the house.    This great service turned a "Ugh, let's forget this ever happened" experience into a feeling that someone really cares about customer satisfaction. Good save, guys!Needless to say, the pie was AMAZING. Skip the pasta and get that!
4	I usually go to the Black Bear Diner for breakfast when visiting Vegas.  The bear murals are fun kitsch, the portion sizes are huge, and the prices are inexpensive compared to the Strip.
5	AMAZING BISCUITS. Stopped here on our way out of Vegas for our last meal. Perfect choice! Everything seems to be made in house, down to the sourdough bread. We walked right in and were seated immediately. We ordered the Bear Breakfast (french toast, 2 eggs, and bacon) and the Godfather omelet. Both were some of the best breakfasts either of us have had. French toast was perfectly cooked (not eggy) with a hint of cinnamon and the omelet was stuffed full of veggies and sausage and a marinara sauce on top.  The portions were huge. We'll definitely make this our pre-15 Fwy meal every time we're in Vegas from here on out.
4	Good Ol' American style comfort food!  Chicken fried steak, pot roast, etc.Can you say "meat and potatoes"??  hahaha  I liked the place a lot, but, seriously... American food is last on my list of "likes" when it comes to food.  With that said I'd come here again.  Good food, good service, good value for the $$... definitely a "go to" spot if you are into American food.
5	Food portion was big and it was quality food... Had the chicken fried steak and yummy ... Gf had the waffle and I'm not a big waffle fan but tried some and wow it was good .. Definitely coming back on next Vegas trip
5	Tried this place out for the very first time and I must say it impressed me. I ordered the Portuguese linguica sausage and it was cooked to my liking. Not overly cooked where it's dry but moist and a bit of char on the outside to give that hint of burnt taste. The house potatoes were seasoned deliciously and the wheat toast I had was buttered and tasty. The coffee could've been stronger but not gonna whine about that as I had two cups of coffee already before stepping foot into this restaurant. If you're looking for a breakfast joint while you're in Sin City, give this place a try.
4	The country fried steak was good, portions were as massive as the clientele. Yes, this place serves good food... By no means is it healthy, but if you're looking a for a diner to have a cheat day, this is a good option. I'd also recommend the apple cobbler and ice cream for dessert.  You've already decided to have a cheat day right?
5	Absolutely amazing place. Best breakfast place I've been too in quite a while. I reckoned the Bigfoot chicken fried steak if you are quite the eater!
5	Our server Candy was top notch! The food? Pretty darn tasty! Chicken Fried Steak one of the top 3 in my life...  And that's my go to breakfast item...  Hash browns perfect! Blueberry pancakes...  The best I've had...  And I hate pancakes...  Will I come back? You betcha!
4	I alway love their service and food.  We came with a large group and they service was on point and great.  Our order came our correct and the quality was great.
5	Great brunch or breakfast place. My family and I love coming here on the weekend for a good breakfast. The only draw back is that they are quite busy and don't take reservation on the weekends.I always get the chicken fried steak with eggs. Good hash browns as well!
5	Black Bear gets an A+! Food was great, service was quick and friendly and the price is reasonable. Good job Black Bear!
4	Review is a lil late but I'm still getting it in  So a couple years ago this lil diner opened up here in LB up in Signal Hill. My friend has the opportunity to eat here for lunch with a few friends from her job and apparently enjoyed her lunch. Came over that night and told me I have to give this place a try. Well just this past weekend I was visiting in Vegas and one morning was looking for breakfast places. So I turned to Yelp  And what comes up in the search?? This place. So I decided  perfect time to try it. And I'm happy I did! Breakfast was delicious
4	I'm not gonna lie...all those dusty bears staring at me while I ate breakfast were kind of creepy. But I can overlook that because of the food.Fast, attentive service (especially considering how crowded it was), super-speedy coffee refills, great fresh-squeezed OJ and very reasonable breakfast options. Our table ordered a lot of dishes based on the recommendations made by fellow Yelpers, and you guys did not lead us astray. I had the bacon eggs benedict, but I promise you I am definitely getting the homemade corned beef hash next time. I was super jealous of my coworker who ordered it!The bears reminded me of eating at my ancient Aunt's house, but let's be real: breakfast joints and diners in general are more about the food than the decor, right?
5	Food, service, price... All great! We're going back today for another real breakfast with real coffee & real coffee mugs. Thanks for referring us here go to Amy from Sprouts Market.
4	We decided to cheat on our diet and reward our bodies with some fatness. My girlfriend had great things to say the last time she was here. Location is great so I said sure why not? When we entered the restaurant, I was immediately taken back by the layout. Cabin log walls, animal statues, and a jukebox playing classic soul music. If you love The Lodge restaurant on Mt. Charleston, you will feel right at home here. Our waitress was friendly, upbeat, and on point with her service.  I ordered the BBQ Western Bacon Burger well done, and I was in burger heaven. Our waitress brought ranch before I could ask for it! It was a great touch to their perfectly seasoned fries. My girlfriend ordered the Ribeye Steak Medium Rare. Sooo good!! My only gripe is the Jim Carrey looking guy who helped ring us up. Before I finished paying, he was asking the waitress if the previous group had left a tip. Instead of asking her in the back, he thought it was best to openly shout across the restaurant. Not the best idea, but everything else was so good I'm willing to overlook it. No lie, I will definitely be back to try more off their menu!
4	What a great place to sit and eat where portion sizes are big, prices are reasonable and service was out of this world. I liked being off the strip away from the chaos for a while. Gave me a feeling of home!! Thank you!!
3	It was our first time coming here. My husband and I loved the place UNTIL they didn't honor the offer that was given on yelp. Free coffee and bear claw if you sign up to be a bear member.  If i knew it wasnt being honores i wouldnt have ordered the freebie. Cashier guy said you needed a coupon and will receive it via email within 48 hrs. We were very unaware. There was a miscommunication between management, server and us. As far as I know, I was going based on yelp offer. Server said it's ok and we'll be taken care of at the front. Usually when yelp has offers its smooth however this is my first encounter having a problem. Told cashier no problem I'll pay for it. All I'm saying is they shouldn't put up offers if they don't know how to honor it.Food and service was excellent though. Big portions.
5	I stopped in for a quick bite and was pleasantly surprised. Ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs and it was really a fat puppy kind of meal.. Very good.   The service was excellent and very quick to accommodate my questions. Their menu is diverse for Americana food and not confusing and set in the style of a news paper. Their desserts are to die for I highly recommend you grab anything from their dessert case. I am officially dubbing this place a foodie dive for myself, good food great prices and they have their own line of great hot sauces. Stop reading and go! Stuff your face lol
4	Truly a great place for whatever you're craving.  The menu is simple, well organized and easy to understand. Service was acceptable, even during rush hour... however, some of the waitresses need a refresher course on customer relations. The food is exceptional. Large portions & quality has made this a regular place for us.
5	This place is amazing with it customer service and it's great tasting food. I had the chicken fried steak and eggs with bistcut and gravy....Feel good meal....Big parking lot....
5	The best chicken fried steak in town.  I did try there burger n sirloin steak and wasn't pleased with lunch menu. But if you want a dam good breakfast this is the place to go. Don't forget the fresh squeezed O.j.. ..
4	Naturally reviewing another joint relating to breakfast because I love love breakfast!!Any way, the decor is cute and devoted to its name black bear. It's a family friendly restaurant and I'm not sure if the southern accents are real but they're cute. We were seated immediately but it was about 9 on a Wednesday so I can't tell you for sure if they ever get super busy but I have a feeling they do. The location is about 4 miles from where we stayed off the strip so it's not a terrible drive.The hostess who sat us didn't really help us much because we hadn't been there and we were confused as to why we didn't get menus but they are in the paper (actual newspaper looking) she sat us with. So that was cute.We ordered the classic eggs benedict and the country fried steak. Both super delicious. Hand down the best chicken fried steak because the batter is so light and you can cut the steak with the butter knife. Anthony chose to have a biscuit with his meal which was light and fluffy and delicious with both butter and jelly. My eggs benedict we delicious and I had never had it with slices of ham instead of a ham steak and that was yummy because I got more ham with my bite. They also come with a bowl of fruit and hash browns which were crispy on top and fluffy in the middle.Both dishes were delicious and we can definitely see ourselves coming back.
5	Just awesome good food, large portions and great service... Great job Christina. Great food chicken fried steak cooks!...
5	Love this place Never had a bad breakfast.. I frequented this place very pregnant and hungry.
5	Love this place. Been here twice for dinner & I always tell people about it. I love the diner experience & this one is near perfect. I've ordered the Fish & Chips and also the BBQ pulled pork sandwich. Both delicious and with generous helpings. The corn bread is yummy with the butter. The blackberry pie was AMAZING also has the chocolate cream which was ok not good not bad. One of the waitresses is funny & always talks & jokes with you but I forgot her name (shame on me). Booths are kinda small but then again I'm 6'2 so for a smaller framed person it should suit you just fine. Can't wait to go back again but this time for breakfast
3	Lots of mixed reviews have been written about this place, so we decided to judge for ourselves in Vegas last week. Three of us ate about 11 AM on a Monday. They advertise a BLAST- bacon club with avocado. All I can say is, "My compliments to the photographer." The bacon was very skimpy and the sandwich was nothing special. My hubby's linguica and eggs was good, but again, just average in flavor and overpriced for the portion. I had a meatloaf sandwich, my personal benchmark for a decent diner. Thin sliced toasted sourdough, piles of thin sliced red onion strings, and gobs of sloppy BBQ sauce. Based on 3 different items and not one Delicious, we will not be back. Our dishes should have been $6.95 each, not $9.95.
2	It's a classic rustic California diner. You definitely get transported to another era. I feel as if the black bears displayed throughout the diner are just going to come alive and attack everyone :-). It's a very homestyle place with friendly staff. They have your traditional American breakfast, lunch, and dinner items.  The breakfast potatoes are great along with their gargantuan country fried steak. I've also tried their malt milkshake, it's pretty amazing.
4	their food looks and smells great whenever we go here. last few times i always get their cali benedict instead of english muffin i sub it with their famous biscuit...YUMMMMMY!!! their portions are huge as usual, never room for dessert...oh well, as long as we are satistied :)
5	OUTSTANDING FOOD!!!!Portions are huge. Service and atmosphere GREAT!!! It's become a favorite of ours!!
4	Went last night to have breakfast. Have not been here for sometime since they stopped serving South of the Border Omelette. They serve Chorizo Scramble, but it's no where near as tasty & still leaves you craving chorizo.Since they no longer serve South of the Border Omelette, I ordered a California Omelette & had them add Chorizo along with the Avocado & Jack Cheese. Of course it added $2 to the cost but was ok with me.Food & Service was 5 stars but down rated  to 4+ stars due to cost about $11?If you read the "place mat" BB credo states that if you prefer your meal different than shown in menu, to ask waiter & they would do their best to accommodate you.This our waiter & cook did when I asked.Waiter was very friendly and continuously checked on us.We have always had great service here.Omelette came out great & was really fantastic tasting!Had Hash Browns which was great and very similar to years back. Sometime back, I believe they substituted russet for a while which was crumbly & not as tasty as "new or red" potato as used now.The Menu appears to have really shrunk and not as interesting but I generally come for the breakfast & know what I want to order.Sorry I took picture of my omelette after eating half. Couldn't wait to dig in after  smelling the aroma of and seeing the Chorizo Omelette.It would be nice if they brought back the South of the Border Omelette & dump the Scramble. I know at least 6 or 8 others that used to come just for that omelette, same as me.
4	Chicken fried steak! Thats all Im going to say.. They give you huge portions for the price. The only thing I felt uncomfortable about is the tightness of the place. Its always packed and there is barely any room to walk. This can easily be solved by calling in the order and just picking it up. Bottom line, food is great but place is a bit tight.
1	If I could give NO stars, I would.  Based on all of these reviews, we decided to give this place a try tonight as thought it might be a good mom and pop/diner place.  So, we sit down and literally, my hand gets stuck to the table.  When we call over a server to get a rag to clean the table, we are told that "the breakfast crew must not have cleaned the tables" so I guess they were disgusting during all of breakfast then the lunch shift as well as who ever was there before us for dinner?? Not buying it.  I tried the chicken fried steak as everyone seems to recommend it and I will say that who ever thinks this is the best they've ever had, have you ever been any where else??  I am very sorry but the gravy was a basic mix with no flavor AT ALL other than a pound of salt.  My husband had the Tri-tip dinner, all four little pieces of it for a whopping $17, and it had absolutely been microwaved as it was HORRIBLE!  No one ever came back to see if we were ok, until the end when our server came back with the check.  We told her that this was our first and would be our last time in.  She said she was sorry and we told her it was not her fault, just who ever was cooking in the back.  Sorry folks, I am starting to wonder if anyone has taste buds in this city as cannot even believe you would recommend this place!  I am sure I will need 100 bottles of water just to wash down the salt consumed.
4	Exactly what you want from a country diner breakfast.  My family and I went to Black Bear Diner off the strip for breakfast the second day of our vacation and it was great.  Southern country ambiance inside, the servers were friendly and the menu immense!Our party of six ordered a wide variety of items from Cinnamon roll french toast (which was sinfully awesome), to breakfast burritos.  I ordered the country scramble which was biscuits, eggs, sausage, and gravy with potatoes on the side.  Everybody seemed very happy with their selections.The only thing preventing this review from being 5 stars for me was that I was not a fan of the sausage that came with my breakfast.  It was a large, thick patty that just didn't have the flavor or sear I like in a sausage patty.Other than that, good stuff!
4	This has been the third time eating at this location and never experience. The service has alway been great Fresh OJ!! Easy parking! Each visit a different breakfast and they were all good. Never been on a weekend but I'm sure they place would be full so plan accordingly.
4	The place is kitschy comfortable and our lovely server Cindie made it even more pleasant. We ordered and our food was ready fast. I had the chicken pot pie so I was surprised. It more than satisfies my comfort food craving. My mom had the chicken apple sausage omelet which she devoured. Overall, a yummy meal with a grandma's house charm.
5	For some reason, I never seem to eat fried chicken when I go to a restaurant as I usually prefer to make it myself. However, for some reason I seemed to want fried chicken today, so I ordered it. I must say, that this was the best fried chicken I had eaten in a very long time. It was crispy and had such a wonderful crunch and taste. I wanted to look and see if my Louisiana grandmother was back in the kitchen cooking this up, but I knew better as grandma left us many years ago. It came with "real" homemade mashed potatoes and white gravy, green beans seasoned with bacon and onions, salad and a corn muffin. Needless to say I ate all of it and felt as though I needed to be rolled out of there. So, I highly recommend their fried chicken and I will be back soon to sample their other items, all of it just like homemade!
5	Just moved into the neighborhood and they have the GREATEST pancakes in Vegas! (And I grew up here) this place had a really cool homey feeling and the staff is always nice! They serve breakfast all day and u can mix and match dinner and breakfast sides/ entrees. I love it here!
5	Visiting from Ohio. Delicious vegetarian omelet for me, Shasta scrambler for my hot wife. All home cooked. Coffee good. Service right on the money. Personalable staff.
4	I'm come here for a quick country breakfast fix. Guaranteed to leave this place with a happy, full stomach. The servers are on their best game. I order, get my coffee, and served within 15 minutes or less on some days. Prices are right and even better, the servings are large here. Good for sharing. They offer smaller portions too, but be prepared either way. Their sweet cream pancakes are the biggest rave! I can't argue with that. They taste like birthday cake, minus the icing. Fluffy, moist, and the right amount of sweet. The country fried steak is a must try! Hailing from the mid-west, a good fried steak is crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. They DO that here. They use the same technique with their hash browns. Add some Heinz 57 to them, you're in for treat.  Although located in a busy area and at times can be packed full of people, it's worth making the stop. The lumberjack-like atmosphere and teddy bears gives this place its name. They do country right here folks.
5	Wow! The best food in Vegas! Skip the crappy low quality Hotel/Casino food and enjoy the OUTSTANDING home cooking! The service is also most Excellent!  Overall value for your money is Superb
5	Just stopped there after spending the night in Vegas. On a Road trip.  Looks like a lot of locals there.  Breakfast was really good. Coffee was very good. Waitresses were terrific. Comfortable booths.   Excellent stop.
4	Great food, large portions. The server Dawn was very friendly and kept our glasses full. It was very busy on fathers day but we only waited 15 minutes
5	Been here many many times over the years, never had any complaints. Never heard any from anyone else.
5	I have went to Black Bear Cafe a few times and everytime I go the food is great and the sirvce is the sam. I love the place. I feel wanted and not treated rude. They even treat my 3 year old good.
3	Chain diner type food. They redid their menu about a year ago and Completely ruined it. They do have fair portions but raised prices about 30 40% across the board making it a treat rather than a 3 night a week dinner stop for us.
5	Went to Mr. Mama's and got terrible service! So we Yelped this place and it was 100x better service. Food was good and service was top notch. Definitely recommend this place.
5	This place is less than 1 mile away from where I live; I have no idea why it took me 5 years to walk into this place, but I'm really glad I did!!  When you first walk in, it gives you warm, fuzzy feelings... Probably because there are hundreds of stuffed bears lining the top shelves of the walls!  I heart stuffed animals! But I digress... Anyway, I just want to say, this is one of those places where you can "taste the love they put in their food".  Every dish is fresh and tasty!  I don't know of any other diner-type establishments that I can say this about.  And I'm so glad I have a place like this right around the corner from me... I now have a "diner" that I love!The only negative:  Since discovering this place, I have a difficult time maintaining my summer "bikini body".  Oh, chocolate cream pie and banana cream pie, how thoust torture me so!! *sigh*. Best/worst discoveries ever hahahha!  They even sell their own versions of hot sauces!  Try "Mama Burn" to add a little kick to your dishes! (I recommend it on the chicken flatbread for lunch!)Please try this place.  You won't regret it!
5	Based on Yelp reviews, we tried this diner for breakfast.  At first taste, it seems this is indeed as good as it gets for diner food.  I had the California Bacon Benedict.  Every layer of the dish was snapping with flavor and freshness.  It came with sides of hash browns and fresh fruit, and they were both excellent too.  The only part of the meal that wasn't top notch was the coffee, which tasted the way you'd expect diner coffee to taste.  The ambiance reminded me a bit of a mountain lodge that is a favorite of ours.  Representations of black bears are all around, from the wood carvings out front to the wallpaper.  The service was also top notch - quick and friendly.  In short, it was a most satisfying meal.  We will be going back for lunch soon.
5	Great coffee and great food! Their California Eggs Benedict is my ultimate favorite and I love that I can go on any day and different times and the food is always good. Hello avocado! Hello bacon! Customer service is great and they are always busy so you know its good stuff!
5	It was pretty late for dinner (not by vegas standards). We were looking for something different than the Vegas Strip experience. The food was so fresh and amazing. We had a couple salads, a sandwich and a shrimp plate. Wow! The prices were so reasonable also. Chisty (our waitress) was very helpful also! I will happily go back give half a chance. You should also check it out!
5	Just amazing meal. Fried chicken - great, salads - large, sandwiches - so fresh and tasty. Service is the tops. Place is so packed, but service was spot on. Home cooking at it's best!!!! Great diner with great atmosphere. Wish they had more Black Bear Diners in Las Vegas. Even have great desserts.
2	So, this is a yelp find led wrong. They have hundreds of reviews and 4 stars...not sure why.The food was blah...I had the French dip. The meat was over cooked and the side salad was boring (iceberg lettus with a few cherry tomatoes and cucumber slices). Overall, just not good food. The service was fine. Nothing great but not terrible either. I should have known when I walked in to this place it was going to be a poor experience. The decor and cleanliness were poor...normally I leave if this happens but the friends I was with didn't want to. It must have a good breakfast, idk why else the stars would be so high.
4	Love this greasy spoon! The fresh-squeezed OJ and assorted gut-bomb fare are the perfect hangover helper. Just keep in mind that this is more of a homestyle kind of joint you stumble into with bedhead, not some flashy Vegas dining destination. You can't go wrong choosing whatever menu items seem most unhealthy and abominating to you. Like the chicken fried steak or the eggs benedict with bacon and avocado...not that I've ordered and nearly finished either of those after a fun night on the Strip...
3	It was OK, just OK.  It's not really a diner, but a country kitchen (like a nice Po' Folks or Cracker Barrel).  Service was OK, but the servers seemed confused as to who was supposed to take care of me. I ordered the chicken-fried steak entre.  Kinda bland.  Mashed potatoes were good as was the chicken soup.  I'm not sure if I'll be back.  It wasn't really anything special in my book.  Not bad, but not worth the drive there.
5	All the food coming out of the kitchen looked so good...especially the chicken fried steak and pancakes.   Since it was dinner time I opted for the asian chicken salad.  Very large portion.  Tasty chicken and light dressing.  Very satisfying.  Excellent service.  Reminds me of being back in the Midwest.   Ill be back for breakfast...and will probably have to have pie as well!
5	The diner's decor is truly it's claim to fame, but the food is pretty good. I ordered the Meat Lover's Omelette--3 eggs with diced ham, sausage, bacon, and Jack cheese. I had the red potatoes and an English Muffin on the side.The yummy meat-stuffed omelette was "bear" sized and I couldn't finish it. The potatoes were a bit dry, so I moved on to the English Muffin. My hubby seemed to enjoy his Club Sandwich and we were totally full by the time we were finished. Really no room for dessert.....but who could resist trying the Strawbeary(uh-huh) Cream Pie? It was to die for! The diner gets pretty crowded on weekends with a wait time of 5-20 minutes. But you can spend that time looking at all the bears!
2	Checked out this restaurant this morning for breakfast with the family after seeing such great reviews. We were seated quickly but waited longer than usual to place our order. My husband always asks for his hash browns to be well done, they were not. My water and toast tasted strange and my sons pancakes were mushy as was my fruit. I will not be returning or recommend the Black Bear Diner.
3	Quick Look: Not exactly a classic "diner" that someone from the Northeast (like myself) would be accustomed to. Someone said a "country kitchen" in another review and that is spot-on. Let's just say it's a country-diner w/ decent enough food. In Depth Review: Walked in on a Saturday at 8pm and was greeted by a friendly hostess and a pie display case that sounded like the motor was on it's last leg and needed some WD-40. I asked to be sat away from that noise. They sat us in a back corner table near the kitchen, the floor underneath was covered in food debris from previous diners. Not the best first impression. I am not going to lie, I was nervous at this point. Waitress seemed friendly and took our drink orders. We each ordered the Arnold Palmer (iced tea / lemon-aid / strawberries) and they were delicious. The lady ordered the corned beef and hash breakfast and I ordered the grilled chicken and avocado club sandwich with a side of fries. Took about 15 minutes for our food to make it to the table. Side note: during this time I used the bathroom. The man's bathroom was quite the site. The toilets were disgusting. The vent system was making an awful screeching noise in the ceiling above and the light was flickering. Was the perfect creepy setting for an 80's horror flick. I was really nervous at this point and got out of there fast! The food arrived and the portions were HUGE! They certainly feed you here. My wife loved the corned beef and hash and scarfed down a good amount. She's tiny and I was impressed. My chicken club sandwich looked great but was not up to par in the taste department. The chicken was overcooked and dry. The bacon was hard as a rock. I am certain the bacon was not cooked fresh and was cooked earlier in the day and just slapped on the sandwich to expedite the kitchen process. On a positive note, the french fries were AMAZING! So it was a mixed bag with our first experience here. The bill was cheap and I can understand why so many senior citizens were eating here. Saves them and anyone on a fixed income money. The food was decent enough, just not over the top impressive. In Summary: I have been missing the Greek Diners that I grew up going to in New York. The massive Lemon Meringue pies that are about a foot tall in the display cases up front. The club sandwiches, steak fries, milkshakes, fresh coffee and all day long breakfast at the counter w/ your neighbors. Was hoping that the Black Bear Diner would satisfy my diner itch, but sadly it did not.
5	Had to come back to the diner to try their Summer Shrimp Specials. Of the three choices--Shrimp Benedict, Shrimp Chef Salad, and Shrimp BLT Sandwich--I chose the sandwich. It was amazing. The buttery, lightly toasted sourdough bread was stuffed with a savory shrimp salad and, of course, bacon, lettuce, and tomato. There was so much shrimp, it fell from the sandwich with every bite, still leaving plenty inside the bread. It was one of the most flavorful sandwiches I've ever had. On the side, was a cup of fresh cole slaw that was not too sweet and not too tart, but just right. I highly recommend this sandwich, but the Shrimp Specials will only be offered during the summer. So I may rush back to try the other shrimp plates!
5	The food here is great. Today, we both tried the Bay Shrimp Salad BLT sandwich. It was a tasty combination of shrimp salad with bacon, lettuce and tomato on thick cut sourdough bread.
5	Good home style breakfast. I checked yelp for another breakfast place to go to. I always go to egg and i and wanted to try something else. I came here and it was good. Has a black bear theme through out. Food is good. Customer service was great. i felt like everyone that worked there included my server checked on me and made sure everything was ok, and it was. Good home feeling there. I would definitely return and recommend this place.
5	It's a bear themed restaurant is what it is. I've been in love with this chain for a while and come to this particular one whenever I'm near Vegas. Breakfast menu is grand, so is the dinner menu. I'm not too crazy about lunch menu, but they serve all 3 menu all day. It's a fun and friendly atmosphere, very family appropriate.
5	I've been enjoying breakfast at Black Bear Diner every weekend for several years.  The staff is wonderful and the food is always good.
5	Had it not been for Yelp and Philip T's recent visit, I don't know that I ever would have discovered the Black Bear Diner. I am quite certain this was my best breakfast experience in recent memory and possibly the best Chicken Fried Steak I've had in Vegas. They have knifes big enough to take down a tree, but there is no need. Tender and flaky, a fork was all I needed to tackle this breakfast feast. I went with country potatoes cooked up fresh with peppers and onions. It comes standard with a  biscuit or toast. I opted to substitute a pancake, which Candy obliged without hesitation. The pancake was so good we passed it around the table and ordered two more. They come with plenty of piping hot syrup, which is a good thing because JR drenched his pants with the first one. No need to wax this week. The over-easy eggs were cooked to perfection and the coffee was better than average. Our server, Candy, was as friendly as they come and the atmosphere was warm and inviting. Great food, friendly staff and, with buddies like JR, great entertainment.
5	I've only been here for breakfast. I love this place, the food is amazing. Big portions for a great price. I always have a good experience here; the waiters are nice. Sometimes it gets super busy and you have to wait a bit to get seated, but it's worth the wait!
5	I must share this with all the Yelpers out there.My wife and I have been to the Black Bear a number of times in the last couple of years.  Of the several dozen meals I/we have had there, I've only had one less-than-stellar experience (a provisioner's error; a poorly-cut rib eye steak).  I pointed it out to the management solely in the interest of getting them to inspect the steaks and have a talk with the provisioner.  No expectation of reimbursement or compensation (the steak was properly cooked and was delicious ... just a tad difficult to cut into).  The big boss man comped the steak, thanked me for calling it to his attention, and offered dessert (I am diabetic; I declined the offer.)  Please note that EVERY OTHER MEAL, DURING EVERY OTHER VISIT, HAS BEEN 5-OF-5 EXCELLENT.  My wife has some dietary issues, and some more basic taste issues.  Every time she asks a question or requests some modification from standard menu, she is quickly and cheerfully obliged.Portions are HUGE.  Those who know me are aware that I can eat.  These portions are leftover-sized.  Service is just plain outstanding.  The folks are all friendly, and we know most of them by name (and vice versa).  Food quality is spot-on.If they were open 24/7, this Graveyard Shift worker probably would eat at fewer places in town.  Bravo, folks.  Well-done.
5	Ate here this weekend and it was so delicious. I will definitely be going back. I ordered the Volcano and it came with three pancakes, two eggs, two sausage and two bacon. The food was not greasy like other places in the area that have good reviews, but no so good food. The prices were great for all of the food we got. Definitely will be back sometime!
3	In my opinion, when in Vegas, there are two places to get an awesome breakfast. In strong first position is Baby Stacks= however, if you are in the area and there is a Black Bear Diner close by- by all means stop. I always select an omelet from the healthy side, you will not be disappointed. Made with egg whites, crisp fresh filling of bell pepper, onion, tomato. spinach, what ever you desire. Fresh warm toast, pancakes, awesome crispy hot potatoes, ( I always have the home fries), delicious coffee, and they even include a lil fruit bowl. Yummy, fresh and friendly, my kind of place! Have never had anything but breakfast here so I cannot comment on other menu items, but have heard the pot roast is mouthwatering. Note: There will most often be a wait because this is one hot spot to eat- I try to keep in mind that the wait isn't the fault of the management- it is the folks who are enjoying those great dishes= soon my table will come, and I will side into my seat, place my order and slowly devour every succulent morsel.... yes you will wait, but it is worth it... so very worth it.
5	I go to Black Bear 3 to 5 times a week,  mostly for breakfast. The food is great, I usually have the Big Bacon Breakfast or Oatmeal and fruit. What makes this place special is the staff.  Hands down one of the best restaurant staffs in Vegas.  They all just seem to get it. The GM's name is Ray and he runs a great ship. I'm a very loyal customer and would tell everyone in vegas this is the place for breakfast. Come after 730 am, so you don't take my seat.
2	I have been to several Black Bear Diner locations in the past. The decor and the food is all about the same. However, this location is not up to par with the others. The place is grimy and disorganized, plus the staff seems like they are overwhelmed with simple orders. The last time I went, the time that made me swear that I will never go back, I ordered Chicken Caesar salad. I received a chefs salad. I sent it back. After quite a while, the server delivered a Chinese chicken salad. I explained that the salad was not a Caesar. She argued with me that it was and I didn't know what a Caesar was. I didn't eat it and she refused to take it off the bill. I never went back. I live two blocks away and drive right past them when I eat out, which is several times a week. They lost all that revenue over one server  having a bad customer service attitude.
5	Other Diners beware- this is how it's done!  Food was outstanding and the service was VERY FAST!  I just had the meat lovers omelet, and that thing was stuffed to the hilt with Sausage, Bacon, Ham and of course, Eggs and Cheese, and it did NOT taste reheated, microwaved, or like there were cheap ingredients used, quality stuff here.  My wife got the Cinnamon Roll French Toast, She loved it and couldn't finish it because there was so much freaking good stuff to enjoy.  Definitely will be back as this place is THE place to go- worth the trip from Henderson!
4	Perfect place to soak up all the tequila from the night before that I shouldn't have had.  Omelette was delish, biscuits were redonk.  Minus one star for slow (though good) service.  Asked multiple times for water refills (essential!) but didn't get it.  No worries though, I'll be back my next trip to Vegas!!
5	My family would always talk about how good this place is.....I finally came with them and I wasn't disappointed. Fresh food, great service!
4	One of my favorite country style comfort food restaurants hands down! They have an assortment of foods anything from your normal eggs,sausage,pancake breakfast platter, to one of their best sellers their homemade meatloaf. If you are in the mood for food to lift your spirits but not worried about calorie counting this is the restaurant for you! Great portions, good quality, and very very affordable! What more could you want?!       I got The Bizz; 3 eggs, 2 sweet cream pancakes, 2 sausage, 2 pieces of bacon and hash-browns. It was exactly how I imagined and the pancakes were some of the best I ever had. I have never been big on pancakes but I fell in love with these they were fluffy and being made with sweet cream gave them this hint of sweetness. The only thing that could have been better were the hash-browns. They weren't your normally shredded  potatoes they were more like flat noodles that had been cut up and fried. The outside of the hash-browns were very crispy and the inside really soggy....were not really seasoned so they left much to the imagination. I think I will choose the country potatoes instead next time.       My boyfriend got the country fried steak. Never been a fan of country fried anything because it is normally very very salty. This on the other hand was pretty good. My boyfriend being a country boy raised on this stuff said it was very very good.        Last but not least no matter how full you are you must take home or try one of their home baked goods. I have always gotten their cobblers and they have never failed me. Crust and fruit filling are always the perfect combination and the crust especially flaky and buttery. This time around I tried the strawberry cream pie with cookie crust yum yum. I think I would like their banana cream or even coconut cream pie better. But def must try! I will continue to come here time and time again. The only thing missing that would make this restaurant that much better would be grits! Please get some grits in!
3	We passed by a Black Bear Diner in Laughlin, however did't have time to stop.  We decided to head to this Las Vegas location for breakfast this morning.  The atmosphere is fun, there are carved bears, teddy bears, painted bears, bears everywhere! I loved the decor.  The restaurant was an uncomfortable level of cool, unfortunately.  Our server was friendly, however came to check up on us rarely.  The portions were ample and the prices were very reasonable.  My husband's waffle had a cute bear paw!  Their coffee was better than a lot of breakfast diners and they offered french vanilla creamer, so that made me very happy.  The food comes quikly, but you will wait a while to order, as the serves have a very Hawaiian mentality.  Meaning, "no worries".  Anyone who has visited the Islands gets this reference.  I would definitely check out this spot if you are in town and want to head off strip.  It was a good meal overall.  I would likely return.
4	Great food! The Grizz gives you three meats, eggs, potatoes, two pancakes for under $12. My husband and I shared it and could not finish it. Everything was delicious especially the pancakes! We'll return!
5	My wife and I love this place for any time of the day, breakfast is great . The home made, we'll everything but especially sausage and corned beef hash, awesome taco salad and great sandwiches
3	Gave them a try for breakfast and it's still only OK.  I'm not sure why so many people rave about this place.  My steak and eggs were good, but the coffee was bitter.  So this was my last visit to Black Bear Diner.
3	Kinda expensive for what it is
3	Normally I'd give this joint 5 stars bcuz almost EVERYTHING IS *AWSM*However- just went w/my moms & ewww what a disappointment :(She had the fried chicken & me a basic burger - burger was ehh ok at best but the chicken was bad news bears!!! The corn bread muffin was delivered warm but turned to a rock shortly after, leading me to believe they nuked it ... The batter on the chicken was nasty & the chicken itself was ALLLL FAT! Even the mixed veggies were gross!At $14 bucks this dish is NO BUENO!If you find yourself @ BBD - try the Cali Benedict or the sweet cream waffle & finish w/a personal pie of your liking or the diners specialty - a  big bear bear claw ;) enjoy!
5	This place was recommended by a friend. Lal lee mac from Liverpool. Such a wonderful find. We all had various things for breakfast from pancakes to eggs and sausage. So so good. And reasonably priced for quality food with polite and friendly service. Must try omelettes. Great coffee. Great atmosphere.
5	I had the corned need hash. Very good! One comment though is do not get the breakfast potatoes... Get the hash browns.My wife had the Cinnamon Roll French Toast. It was delicious!
4	This place is always busy! Expect a wait time during the weekend. The place has a very cute outdoorsy feel to it. There's bears everywhere around the restaurant! It's on your napkin, your cup, on your placemat, and even on the walls! There's also stuffed animal bears on the walls.I've always had good service here. I recommend their freshly squeezed orange juice! It's so good and refreshing when it's cold. My favorite is the california bacon benny. I'm not even a huge fan of bacon (GASP I know...) but it tasted so good here! It didn't overpower the benny at all. The country style potatoes were even good! They weren't just your average potatoes; they were seasoned with diced veggies.i've also had their chicken soup when I had a really bad cold and there's something about it that makes it so tasty. It has a thicker consistency than regular chicken noodle soup. I wasn't a fan of the chicken though because it seemed like it was overcooked.
4	Pros:Server Brittney was awesome, I will come back and request her!Chicken fried steak is soooo good, I don't think ill ever order anything else.Bathrooms are clean.Wait time isn't long at all.Cons:Location. I wish there was a location closer by me in Henderson. Mixed veggies should be taken off the menu, they have a bitter taste to them.
4	Pros:They make everything super freshThey are attentive and super niceEverything was fresh and tastyThe menus are cute with info from different times they have been open on the backConsI signed up for the email newsletter and did not get my promised bear claw. booAs we are visitors to Las Vegas it was a nice diner type experience. Not too expensive and very filling. Why not 5 stars? I really wanted that bear claw. Waitress said next time. Not cool.
5	Great diner for breakfast,  lunch or dinner.  Very affordable menu with great customer service.  Has an old school chill friendly diner vibe. Will definitely be back and I definitely recommend checking it out. 2 people we spent like $22 and left full.
2	I've passed by this place hundreds of times without any desire to stop in (I'm not exactly the camping wilderness type of gal) but of course my man mentioned trying it many times so I finally gave in. It helped that I received a $20 comp :)So we went & here's how things went down...You can't help but notice it's all seniors. I say this in a nice way because I love old folks & if they allowed me to live in their neighborhoods here I would so be into it! You see hundreds of bears everywhere (weird). The green carpet was stained everywhere (please replace your carpet). The booth we were sat in had a bright light above our heads that kept going on & off (felt like a bad version of EDC) with tons of old folk.So let's get to the food. Mediocre. I will say that the sizes were massive but unfortunately I didn't have the desire to finish anything. Everything felt so heavy that I felt guilty for hours afterwards. The highlight was my freshly squeezed orange juice, it was the bomb!
5	Can't beat this place for the price. Our bill was around $20 for two people and our meals were huge. I had eggs Benedict and it was amazing! Everything is made from scratch and the servers are super friendly. We will definitely be back!
5	This is one of my favorite places for breakfast. The service is always friendly and attentive. Food comes out amazingly quick. I highly recommend their Bacon Benedict, and a stack of some of the best pancakes you'll ever have.
2	My husband and I went there for the first time on a Wednesday night about 7pm and there was no waiting time. We approached the front counter and there was a girl with one elbow propped up on the counter behind her and she said hi and I said there were 2 of us. She asked if we wanted a booth or table, and I replied we would like a booth. She proceeded to take 2 folded newpapers (which, upon our own investigation, we found to be the menus on the inside) and walk towards the first booth. She didn't mention we should follow her, but I figured we should when she went to the closest booth. She somewhat tossed the menus on the table and asked what we wanted to drink and said our waitress would be there shortly. Needless to say, our first impression of the restaurant was awkward, and we almost felt like we were intruding on them. Meeting our waitress wasn't much more pleasant. I honestly don't remember her name, but I would request, if we were to visit again, to not sit in her section. Here's the thing, I'm under the impression that if you want to make good money as a service person, you should be very pleasant. Our waitress was just nice enough to warrant a tip, but she was not very friendly or cheery. My husband and I are neither one hard to please in the least and we both were unhappy with the service. Every time I said thank you for whatever she was giving us, there was absolutely NO reply. Nothing. Some sort of acknowledgement would be nice that I spoke to you.Now, on to the food. The sweet tea was great, and this is a hard thing to get an approval for from 2 southerners from Texas. My husband ordered the CFS with fries and green beans. The CFS was pretty good and the gravy was good. The fries were also good. The green beans were WAY overpowered by the onions in them. That's all you could taste, pretty much. I ordered the Mikey's chicken pot pie. It was pretty tasty, however, I wish it had been mentioned in the description of the contents that there were mushrooms in it. I don't care for mushrooms, so I dug through the pie to remove them, then enjoyed the rest of it. The crust and creaminess were great. We both started with salads, and those were good, too. My husband ordered the lava cake for dessert, and I had a few bites. It was also pretty good. At the end of the dinner, we went to the front counter, and again, was very briefly asked, by the same girl as before, how we liked it, and we replied that it was good. She took my credit card for payment and, instead of handing it back to me at the lower part of the counter, she placed it on the top counter (almost at eye level), handed me a pen and 2 slips from my transaction, and turned and walked away. Really?!?  There was no "Thank you" "Get lost" or even a word after. Again, my husband and I just felt like an inconvenience to them. This whole experience was just awkward and we felt unwelcome for sure. I wish we had been on the other side of the restaurant where the only cheery and happy and laughing waitress was. I saw no one else that worked there smile. Not even once. Our waitress barely broke a grin, for goodness sake!Overall, I liked the food way more than the service, and that isn't saying much. There is supposed to be a new location opening in Henderson this fall. We will probably go eat breakfast at that location, but I don't think we will return to this location probably ever.If I could have given this place a 1 1/2 stars, I would have. It's too bad since I really have been wanting to take my husband there for the sole purpose of him getting his beloved CFS (it's really hard to find a great southern style one to compare to back home in Texas). He was happy to get a pretty good one, but the experience was tainted by the unwelcome attitudes and faces we encountered. What a disappointment.  :/
1	Ordered well done hash browns with my breakfast. Food came. My hash browns undercooked and limp. I asked the server why. She said "that's all we have right now"! Really? Doesn't hash "browns", mean browned? FAIL! I see that the undercooked hash browns are mentioned in other Yelp reviews. So the undercooked hash browns are a common occurrence.
3	Two and a half stars, if I could.Water tasted tappy. Environment was quite loud. Price to portion ratio was decent but not impressive.I ordered The Gobbler sandwich, which was good but not great and certainly not five star amazing. The fries came out a little bit lukewarm and the oil tasted weird, so I sent them back in trade for some mashed potatoes which were slightly overcooked but otherwise nice.My co-diner ordered chicken fried steak, and in her own words "wolfed it down." Came with aforementioned slightly overcooked mashed potatoes, some very overcooked mushy green beans, a corn bread muffin that was alright I guess, and a garden salad that was fine and came with a surprisingly tasty ranch dressing.We got a free bearclaw from a coupon we'd found on the internet. Super mediocre, and I'd have been very unhappy to buy it at any price. I'm used to the baked-fresh-daily bearclaws from Panera, but this thing came out cold, solid, and covered in clingwrap."It's... not fresh. It's maybe three days old. It's a puff pastry, but it's very dry. If you bite into it, it explodes all over."Overall we've had better experiences from our local Denny's.
5	By far the best food I've ever had. The staff are very friendly and the atmosphere feels warm and welcoming. I had the steak breakfast... Very delicious and inexpensive
5	The service was fast and the food was delicious. This restaurant really gives off that mom and pop breakfast joint, it's wonderful.
5	Amazing service. Great food, pancakes are to die for! Love the atmosphere. Will be going back!
2	This is the second time I've eaten at this diner, it had been a few years since my last visit and now I remember why I haven't been back TILL NOW... The husband was adamant about stopping here so we did! Now he regrets it! " told you so" Anyway... The young man that sat us down was friendly and brought our teas.. Our server (sorry missed her name) was just as friendly and took our orders.. I ordered the French dip (plain) and ff.. My other 1/2 orders the turkey burger tex mex  style.. My French dip was really dry, it's a good thing I had the a jus for dipping other wise I would've choked on it, maybe the loaded one wouldn't have been so dry.. The FF would have been awesome had they not over salted them with season salt .. I finished the FD since i had something to wet it down with!!The husband ... Who normally cleans his plate, wasn't able to finish his turkey burger, the patty was super dry and very bland, the bun fell apart on the first bite, so he tried taking it apart to finish it but just couldn't get past the dull taste of turkey, his fries were just as bad as mine... Our server asked if there was something wrong with his meal since he barely ate 1/2 of it.. He mentioned it was too bland and dry, she actually agreed with him and offered something else, he declined but she insisted he take a free dessert  of his choice home to make up for his yucky dinner.. We thought that was really nice of her but it's just not enough to get us to return..Nope ! Just not going there... Sorry Black Baar but this was a one way trip ..
2	I had been to the original in Mt Shasta many times years ago, so when my husband suggested it for an early dinner, I was all for it.I ordered the California burger with cole slaw. My husband the chicken fried steak. It took about half an hour to get our food. It was barely warm. I couldn't find the hamburger patty under all the lettuce. No cheese and the bun was a little stale. The cole slaw was very vinegary.And to top it off, my drink refill was wrong.  Normally I would have sent the back but it took so long I was starving.I won't be back
5	What a pleasant surprise! Found our new favorite eatery off the strip where we can enjoy a leisurely relaxed affordable meal. Our group had a variety of breakfast selections - eggs, meats, hash, hot cakes, biscuits, etc., all served with efficiency and a friendly smile!
5	I absolutely love this joint.  Pretty simple theme, excellent menu, ample portions and most important, consistent quality.  I usually come for breakfast and I come hangry!  The friendly staff takes the edge off and then they lay down a platter of food that makes you wonder if your eyes may be too big for your belly (not me, I'm a fat kid at heart).  I do wish they served alcohol but I guess no one is perfect.  Highly recommend that you grab a dessert to go.  Made fresh in house, they are simply amazing.  We got the chocolate cream pie last time... wow.  Couldn't decide if I wanted to eat it or make sweet love to it.
5	This little diner is amazing, starts with a newspaper style menu, then some reading material on the history of the chain of diners. Then we experienced some fresh coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice. The service was excellent from a lady by the name Marlene. The food was authentic and awesome. Would recommend to anyone that loves that small town diner feeling in a big city. Enjoy!!!
5	Just started coming hear this year, and wow that Breakfast is amazing especially there potatoes. One of the best Breakfast places in town I must say!
2	This place is quantity over quality. I was expecting better from all the positive reviews.The line cooks don't know scrambled eggs from an omelette. Burned/overcooked and no curds.... I got Mexican resort fold-over eggs instead of scrambled.Boring chicken fried steak patty. Bacon was gamey.Pancakes  were too sweet. Didn't need any syrup. Kids will love this part!The service was decent even though it took a half hour plus to get mediocre line-cooked short order items. Probably the last time I visit a BBD.The thick-cut hash browns were okay and are the extra star in this review.Cut our losses short by letting the waitress know our displeasure in the meal and not sending the food back.Bill came to $33 for 2 adult and 1 child's breakfast, not including $6 tip. A bit expensive when there are plenty of other more popular options.
5	Went here for breakfast with a buddy and the experience was awesome. We received a friendly greeting and were seated immediately, with coffee, water and juice on the table in less than a minute. The coffee was excellent.I ordered "The Grizz" breakfast, warning: a lot of food! Comes with 3 eggs, 2 slices thick sliced bacon, 2 large sausage links, a small ham steak, potatoes, a two large fluffy pancakes served with real whipped butter and syrup. Everything was delicious. My friend had the two egg breakfast with 4 bacon, potatoes, and marble rye toast. He enjoyed his thoroughly also and also ate my ham steak.We were served our breakfast without a long wait. Perfect timing I say. Standouts for me were the pancakes and the thick sliced bacon.Would definitely recommend and will be a regular for sure.
4	Looking for a little bit of "Old Vegas" charm and service?  Look no further... Always busy, Always quick seating and always great food and service!  The kids enjoy the chocolate chip pancakes and cook to order scrambled eggs.  The French toast is fantastic as well.  Coffee is good. We took an apple pie home from the display case up front last time and it was to die for.  The decor and booths are older so this is definitely a local favorite hang out.  Plenty of food to fill you up.
5	Good food great great portions .... Quality is amazing .   Service is wonderful and always a pleasure visiting this location when we are in town.
3	We have eaten here a couple of times.  Staff is friendly and you are seated promptly.  Food is a little bland.  I think that's why my parents always want to go here.  Good portions for value.
5	I had the bacon eggs breakfast with sourdough toast.  Every time the food and the staff are awesome!
3	If i only based the rating on their Fried Chicken, it would be a 0 but I can't.  I usually come here for dessert for their pies but one day asked the waitress about the fried chicken which was sold out for the day.  She got me hook-line-sinker and I was back the next week or two to order my fried chicken.I wish i could take back that dreaded hour back of my life.   The fried chicken was awful - the breading on the skin fell off and it wasn't seasoned.   So much hype and a total bait and switch job.  I've been here about 6-7 times in the last couple years for breakfast (which they are more known for) and their pies so I'll give it 3 stars.   Just don't order the fried chicken.  BLAHHHHHHHHHH
4	I love Black Bear Diner. There aren't any locations where I live so I always make I point to stop and dine at one when I see one. We were pleasantly greeted at the door, and seated right away. I was surprised that it wasn't busier for a Saturday morning. Drink orders were taken and brought by the worker that greeted us by the door. The waitress took the order. I ordered the fiesta scramble minus the olives. I was glad that they allowed customization. It took about 15 minutes from ordering to when the food arrived. That was pretty good. The orders were exact, and not one trace of olives. Yay! The waitress came by about 3 minutes after the food was dropped off to see how everything was. That was the last we saw of her. Hence the one star deduction. Every time we needed drink refills, hot sauce, napkins, etc. we flagged down the friendly greeter from earlier who was more than happy to oblige. He was top notch and made our experience at Black Bear awesome. I believe his name is Chris, tall guy. As for the fiesta scramble, it was very good. The eggs were fluffy, and the country potatoes were flavorful. I liked that they served the meal with warm tortillas. I highly recommend this dish.
4	On a recent trip I was able to go to two of these places 3 times.  This stop was pretty much like all the others. Chris the morning manager the day I went, was really on top of service, he got us seated right away, continually walked the floor and made sure people were taken care of and just overall assisting wherever needed.  Our waitress on the other hand could have been more involved.  She took our order and was barely around and was a little gruff when I asked about the selection of hot sauce and that whatever was on the table was all they had (which my other visits demonstrated there were still only proprietary sauces but there were a couple of choices).  Chris ended up getting a refill on my coffee and made sure we had the rest of what we needed, the only other time the waitress stopped by was to deliver the check.For this location, I tried the California Benedict.  It was pretty good, the hollandaise worked well with the bacon and rest of the ingredients.  In future visits that will be a selection I try again.  Otherwise it was a quick in/quick out visit, but had Chris not closed the gap I would have ringed another star.
5	Black Bear Diner has food that is consistently way above average; however, where they really shine is in their customer service!  The entire team reminds me of Texas Southern Hospitality.  I've lived in Las Vegas for 3 years+ and their hospitality keeps me coming back!I've traveled all across the USA and eaten at thousands of restaurants, and their Sweet Cream Pancakes are amazing and the best I've ever had!  I highly recommend adding a pancake as a side if your dish doesn't come with it!You will have a great eating experience if you come here!  Thanks to the Black Bear Staff for their years of dedication to amazing customer service!
4	Good food, reasonable price, Breakfast portion is large. Waiting time is reasonable, service is good & friendly.
5	This place is really good, always consistant, and great service! Be it breakfast, lunch, or dinner, the food is really good, like mama's. Today, we had breakfast, so I got a scramble, and my husband got his usual, the grizz!Always enjoy the food, service is excellent, a must stop for a good meal anytime of the day!
5	I ordered the southern scramble with hash browns and a side of sourdough toast. It. Was. AMAZING.  The harsh browns were perfect! Crunchy and some how creamy. Fantastic!  The gravy, Perfect!  The best bacon I've had.  The only thing wrong with my food was I thought the sausage was peppered a little too much other than that the food was perfect.  The atmosphere is very cozy and comfy.  Bears everywhere. It feel like you're in woods somewhere in CA. I love it. Makes me miss home. They have a juke box that plays oldies which fits perfectly. The staff was very friendly and nice. The food came out in a pretty decent time.   Overall I had an amazing time here and will definitely be returning.
5	Good stuff! Had the Southern Scramble and it was awesome. Moving out of LV this week and never tried previously. Chain restaurant but feels/tastes like home cooked diner food.
5	Excellent food at reasonable prices.  Well worth a visit.  Portions are huge and service is quick and friendly. Sandwiches are extra large .  The meatloaf is made the way your mother would make it.  The chicken fried steak is as good as it gets, and you will have trouble finishing the meal.
3	This is the closest restaurant to my dads in Vegas.Apparently it's a chain that started in big bear. Maybe it would be a lot more appealing if there were snow covered mountains outside and our legs ached from skiing too long and all we wanted was hot cocoa to relax. Unfortunately it's not... It's in Vegas. Totally random. With that said, it's sort of a family tradition. And the waiters are nice! See you there?
4	Black Bear Diners are scattered along the west coast and are your typical greasy spoon diners that serve up generous helpings of home-style cooking. We had family in town for the holidays and they had picked this spot to meet up. To tell you the truth, I wasn't expecting much but was pleasantly surprised with the meal and service. We had a group of 8 and our waitress  was very good considering they were busy this Saturday morning and we had a large table. She was pleasant and never let my (or our tables) water or coffee mug dry up. She was hustling around and was patient while we took our time ordering and were visiting after we wrapped up our meal. Our orders were served as requested and she was upbeat throughout our visit.  Breakfast items our table sampled included .... Chicken Fried Steak- Biscuits & Gravy- Thick sliced bacon-Eggs (scrambled, Sunnyside up, and Over Easy) Cheesy Stuffed Omelets- Chorizo Scramble- an assortment of hot cakes-  Coffee- OJ (freshly squeezed which is a bonus)- and Teas.  I ordered breakfast basics: eggs and bacon. When in doubt, I usually like to stick with breakfast basics (especially eggs).  I ordered my eggs Sunnyside Up and requested their Thick Sliced Bacon with their Country Style Potatoes. I really enjoyed my country potatoes that were served with peppers and onions. The thick bacon was good and eggs were served just as requested. Everything tasted very good and I gobbled it all down and everyone really enjoyed their meals at our table. My sister-in-law let me know that the  manager has been there since opening and appears to know his regulars. She said he even recognized them from when they used to frequent this spot years ago. I observed that he was visible to his guests  and was warm and welcoming to everyone walking through their doors. That hits my soft spot and I certainly respect that type of service and dedication. That's always a nice touch. In fact, I would rate their service a solid 4 out of 5. I even found out that his wife works there and is known for the bread pudding. I didn't sample it but would want to try it for lunch or dinner.  The only downside I found was the look/ambiance of the place. It's a bit cluttered with too many knickknacks and teddy bears all over the place. I understand that some may find this charming and cozy - I didn't.  What really got me was their carpet. They desperately need to replace that funky green carpet with some rustic wood like floors to keep with the "woodsy" theme.  My Disclaimer-  I completely recognize that  none of these cosmetic items take away from the service or quality of food- these are simply my initial thoughts. I really felt our visit was defiantly A-Ok.   Update: Their management team actually took the time to graciously respond to my review and address the cosmetic items I mentioned above. That alone merits an additional star in my book. This shows they truly care and take guests feedback seriously. Kudos for reading your reviews and responding to them with grace and class!  I will be back and appreciate your response :)
4	We only found out about this place last year so we have been missing out on a great thing. Oh we love the breakfast here so much. It's a nice friendly welcoming place with great food at reasonable prices, and you get so much. The staff have always been exceptionally friendly!
5	Came here for breakfast on New Year's Day, the wait was a little long but that was expected on a holiday. We got sat in about 25 minutes. Our server was wonderful! Andres had our food out quickly and it was delicious. He couldn't have done anything better. The atmosphere is very cute!
4	Chain restaurant or not, Black Bear Diner is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. Every time I head out to the Magnificent Mile I almost refuse to eat anywhere else. The wait was short even though the restaurant seemed packed. The prices were surprisingly reasonable and the portion sizes are very satisfying. The deserts are out of this world....
5	If u want a full, happy belly and wallet this is the place! Great service and yummy food! Will return For sure!!! ^^
