4	Me and la familia ate here 3 times over my 3 nights stay over christmas ( i think i wont be missing pho for a good couple of months). I lovee the pho soup. And i heard the entrees are pretty damn good too, especially the clams and oysters. The only reasons for the 4 stars are the service and the ventilation. I always come out smelling like pho, which i dont like. I like my hair to smell flowery, u know?
4	When we went to Vegas for New Year's, some people were talking about pho the entire trip.  We finally got a chance to go right before we left back for LA.  On a brisk windy day around 1p, we headed here.  The line was crazy, I think we waited for about 30 minutes before getting seated.We were famished by the time we sat down.  The orders came relatively fast except for a rice dish, but considering how busy they were, it wasn't so bad.  I haven't had pho in awhile, and this was definitely one of the better places I've been to in a long time, and you know how many pho places there are in the South Bay.The broth was great, the meat tender, and the noodles light yet hearty and filling.  I had a serious hangover after the NYE festivities, and I had to drive the way back to LA.  I don't doubt that having a belly full of good pho helped me recuperate.
4	I'm giving it 3 stars because I only like 3 items here (not the other items on the menu), but these 3 items are actually really good and on its own deserve 4 stars.  I only like pho at 3 locations here in Vegas and this is one of them.  It's good and the place is cleaner than Pho So 1.  I also like their che ba mau because it comes with shaved ice, and they serve it in a plastic to go cup (in case I don't finish it).  Their spring rolls are pretty good too, but I can make those at home.Update:  I changed it to 4 stars because I've missed it so much while I was gone that I ate here twice a week while I was back home for break.  :oP
4	I have to be honest, the first time I ate hear was out of curiousity! Come on with a name like that... You should of seen the billboard Ad. Let me just say they had very long chop sticks, LOL!!!! =P Everytime I'm in Vegas, I have to eat here especially if I'm with friends. For some reason they never believe you when you tell them where you what to eat. The Pho is actually pretty good along with the spring rolls and egg rolls. If your tired of all the buffets on the strip or your looking for a cheap place to eat, just head over to China town.
4	Dirty name, great pho!  A wonderful choice on chilly Vegas nights or to detox from a weekend of buffets and alcohol.
4	Lose all your $$ at the casino and need a cheap, but good, meal?  This is my Vegas destination for Pho.  Quick service and the place is big enough for alot of customers. They're open late and get alot of locals in the latter part of the night, which tells me this is a good spot for Vietnamese.
5	So in the Philippines --- it's called Bulalo --- late night soup for drunken debaucherous nights-no noodles --- eat with rice.  In Japan it's Ramen that  makes Cup O noodles tremble in fear. Vietnam... Pho. Yea not FO....FA A long long way to RUN!  But Pho Kim Long I'll run here any day. It's just fun to hang out and eat. It's kinda loud with the bustle of all the asian community hanging out and enjoying or celebrating the food. I just wanna eat it....They have Beef or Chicken pho. I love variety. I always get the beef pho with the thin sliced brisket and the part that's been boiled down for hours. I also like the fried eggplant. Mmmm with big ole garlic chunks. OH and if you haven't had it --- the bbq pork chops. Mmmm with rice. Ohhhh yea and the fried rice there rocks....Crap...I'm hungry....I feel like pho kim....pho kim long time....mwahahaha
4	i don't know what's up with Pho being so medicinal. especially when you're hung-over or still drunk from the Vegas festivities. all of my friends were whining about how much we wanted Pho for dinner- so we went to this place that our local friend took us to. of course we cracked up about the name... Pho-Kim-Long... how can you miss that? oy. the service is so-so. our food came out relatively quick.... but we waited forever for our drinks. those were the first things we ordered! however, my soda with sugar & lemon was so delicious... i didn't complain much. my shrimp Pho was decent. everyone else didn't finish their Pho, though. i think we're used to delicious Pho in Seattle. plus, my local friend told us this place was a little Americanized and not the very best. it was our last choice because of what time it was.
3	I love coming here right after partying or the next day when I have a hangover.  The pho here isn't bad at all.  The place closes late.  However, the egg rolls aren't that great.  A bit over cooked sometimes.  Service isn't too great either.  It's hard to get a cup of water sometimes.   The rice dishes taste good.  Always a place to go for inexpensive food.
4	i've only ordered pho from pho kim long so i can only comment on that. with that being the case...i've tried about 4 other vietnamese restaurants, and this has to be my favorite place for pho. whenever i get pho i'm never able to finish it, but i always seem to finish the pho at pho kim long. if someone can recommend another place i can try, please do. i usually order pho tai chin (rare beef & brisket) or sometimes just pho tai (rare beef).
4	The vermicelli with egg rolls and pork was wonderful. The food was delicious. It felt great to be able to walk into a restaurant that was clean, roomy, and cool. Finally, my friends and I have a good place to hang whenever we are craving for pho/vietnamese food when we're in Vegas.
2	Pho Kim Ripoff...heinous-snail-paced service, portions smaller than Top Ramen,  Vietnamese customer priority, bland broth, owner looks like a wannabe mafia leader, and non-pho-like prices... Pho Kim no thanks
4	"What the Pho?" "Pho King" and Pho 1-99, and now "Pho Kim Long?"  With the copious amount of funny sounding Pho restaurant names there are, I thought this was just another one to add to the list.  But this was actually pretty good.  I got my regular rare steak and tripe deal and was surprised to find out that it was delicious.  :)  I believe they also serve Chinese food but I didn't really take a good look at the menu.  It was straight to the Pho kim PHO for me!  Also, the restaurant itself was pretty clean.  All in all, this is good stuff after a long night of drinking in Sin City with good taste to match!
3	Pho Kim Long is good.  If you are going to Pho Kim Long you need to drive off the strip.  It takes about 20 minutes to Pho Kim Long.  There is no pho king here.  Its just ok.  I've had better phos.  The pho kim long broth was warm and not sticky.  I prefer mine a little more salty and less bitter.  There is a pho shizzle down the street but i wanted pho kim long.    I don't think I will be back to pho kim long any time soon.
4	My wife ordered bun tom thit nuong, also known as old #43 -   charbroiled shrimp & egg roll with rice vermicelli served cold.  I ordered pho tai, #10 - rare steak noodle soup with basil, sprouts and lime.  I requested the steak on the side and cranked up the spice level through a liberal application of hot chili sauce.  Both dishes were excellent as was the service.
4	rehab for me comes in 2 parts. i can veg at the hotel pool all day, but then i need to get some pho in eventually.i really wanted to give 3 and half stars, but that's not gonna work. not the best place, but pretty good considering its away from home base.4 stars.
3	pho kim long can't make veggies dishes, i came there with a mad mad vegetarian, there tofu fried rice was just fried tofu with no taste the rice platter did  not even come with a dipping sauce till' we asked for some, the specialty pho was not as good as i thought it would be, i wasn' t that impress but i can with an appetite to eat and the food made me full, but it wasn't as pleasant but i  give it a so so rating.
3	Boy this is the nicest decorated pho restaurant I ever been too!  The tables and flooring were all different from the usual pho places in the Bay Area, it was clean!  The pho itself was decent, nothing really that special, but it was good.  Its located in this Asian Plaza on this Asian Street, felt like I was back in Cupertino or something.  Anyways cheap ok food quick is always good!
4	Come for the name, stay for the pho.  I was pleasently surprised by FHL...I mean PKL.  At first I refused to come here based solely on the name, but after my girlfriend's cousin (who's a local) swore up and down that this was the best Pho in town, I relented.  Surely this is better than any of the Pho I've had in DC, though curiously, the best pho I've ever had was in my home town of Syracuse, NY, not the most cosmopolitan place, I know.  Maybe I am only rating it so high because it totally beat all my expectations, maybe there are better places in Vegas, but I will say I throughly recommend Pho Kim Long.
5	The real deal...it's my "Lotus of Siam" of Vietnamese food...(at least here in Vegas...)My husband, the chef, eats here weekly with the boys from the kitchen and a few chef buddies from around town...They always sit in Ben's section - he makes great recommendations when Chef is feeling like having more than #11 (pho) and some orange chicken (hey it's usually 2am so he's entitled to be a creature of habit of sorts...).  Since I work more normal hours, I rarely meet him -- but when I can, it's always a treat...Last night, since I had the day off today, we went -- and it was yummy!  Ben was there and in addition to my usual can't miss dish (the salt and pepper calamari -- with jalapeno, green onions and crispy garlic), he suggested the Vietnamese salad with chicken -- it was brilliant!  Crispy cabbage, crunchy crushed peanuts, fried shallot rings, crispy garlic , tender pulled chicken, cilantro and a miso/ginger dressing that was perfect -- I love salads that are balanced in flavor, texture and acidity... he said they make it with duck, beef, shrimp, calamari, just about every protein they have in house...  Then he suggested we try the lamb -- I know...lamb at Pho?  It was phenomenal -- tender lamb chops with Chinese spices, grilled to medium rare...over a cold, crispy romaine salad -- again another great dressing -- not sure about ingredients in this one though...Then he told us they had venison...but by the time he got back with sauces it was 86d, so he ordered the beef for us.  Out came a large, smoking hot black river rock -- a plate of sliced beef, with chunks of butter and limes.   He melted the butter on the stone, then put the beef on it and we cooked it to our degree of doneness -- squeeze of lime -- a dip in the sauce, and it was tender and delicious and took seconds.   That rock wasn't going to cool down anytime soon...Last night, the spring rolls weren't that great, and the dumplings were tough -- so I'll avoid them next time.  Hey, I can't eat everything...so it's fine with me -- but I'm still looking for Vegas' best potstickers... But for a chef to come, and when he's in the mood, for the experience to be totally different -- that many think is just same ol, same ol --  and for us to be treated like royalty (uh, we're not Asian...), is a real treat.  I've been in a few times by myself for a quick lunch -- and they always remember me.  It's nice because I'm not the kind of regular that I'd love to be...
4	What an awesome name!Okay, first off... as a teenager, I lived in San Jose CA - a city which has a ton of Vietnamese gangsters... and since I was always looking to get "hookups" on car parts, I ended up meeting and befriending alot of the aforementioned Vietnamese gangsters. Those guys ALWAYS used to take me to the best pho spots, so I'm no pho newbie.I decided to try out Pho Kim Long with one of my boys right before he got married in Vegas, because it was quick, inexpensive, and let's face it, the name of the restaurant is awesome! Funny as hell!After taking some quick Myspace pics by the sign outside, we ventured in the restaurant and ordered our food. My homie ordered Pho Dac Biet, and I ordered Pho Tai, which is my favorite because I love the thin, rare, red slices of steak (tai) that they throw on top of your steaming soup with hot rice noodles. As we waited for our food, I did my standard Vietnamese restaurant ritual of thoroughly wiping down my chopsticks and little condiment dishes with hot tea and napkins. You can never be too careful, especially since Pho Kim Long is located conveniently next to a platform shoes store for strippers.The service was pretty good, I appreciated the fact that the waiter made an extra effort to hold our pho bowls on the outside! =) I've been to pho places before where they grab the bowl with their thumb on top, and the other fingers below the bowl... but I hate that, cause the soup splashes around, and the waiter's thumb often times goes into the soup! Aw heyllll NO!The broth at Pho Kim Long was just "aiight" but I guess not bad for Las Vegas... I dont expect Vegas to have top quality pho anyways. Let's face it, people go to Vegas for buffets, gambling, parties, drinking, lap dances, and drive through weddings. Not pho. So I'm rating PKL (FHL hehe) with 4 stars. Cause I think it ain't bad for Vegas, and at least the guy's thumb didn't go into my soup. Good lookin out homie.
2	I was hoping for this place to be like Pho Kim Long in San Jose but it was a far cry from that.  The pho was "ok" from the other folks with me and my bun rieu was not good at all.  It was very salty and they had snails instead of ground pork mixture.  That would've been bun rieu oc but their menu just said bun rieu.  Very misleading.
2	I walked in with a friend and the first thing I smell is windex. No, not from the glass door. More like they replace the air-refreshener refills with blue windex liquid. I haven't tried their Chinese cuisine. Their pho is okay. Not enough noodles. Oh yeah, the tables can be quite sticky.Service is really lacking here.I haven't gone back since and I don't think I will.
3	This place was not as great as everyone said. The pho broth had no flavor at all! It was less greasy than Pho So 1's,  but when it comes down to taste...there was none! Also, the service could use more work...(Maybe I'm just spoiled by good 'ol California Vietnamese food...)
4	Pho kim? I hardly know him. I loved this place even before I knew the name of it. I go there usually after working long hours at SEMA every year. And I swear I never looked at the name, because I was just so grateful I could eat decent Asian phood in Vegas. Then I finally got it. Geez, I am slow. I like their lemon-limey fizzy drink and I just get their regular pho tai. So good at 3 am.
5	Good food, sub-$10 pricing and large portions. Conveniently located, ample parking, clean atmosphere, and large spacing between the chairs so you don't have to scoot your chair when large people walk behind you, and there's always good-looking girls to stare at as you pretend to eat your food. What more could you ask for? Just eat here, ok?
3	the inside of this place is like an upscale pho place.. but the food was wayyyy too over priced for a bowl of pho.. which was like $7.25.. and a bowl of porridge was $9.... food came out in a decent time... rather have went to a cheaper place that was more authentic
4	Starting to wonder if there's anything this place cant do. My cousin told me about a crayfish place next to kim long he wanted to try out. Once we parked the car and looked at the sign we realized that it wasnt next to kim long...it's is kim long.we both split 3 pounds of crayfish, they came out in two bowls so i'm guessing pound and a half each. Nicely spiced but HEAVY on the garlic which is a good thing i guess. Some of the seasonings were a bit on the heavy side but a swig from a corona fixes that real nice. Only down side is when we were served the bowls weren't steaming hot they were just warm, but that could be considered a plus cause we didn't burn ourselves. Just a personal thing but i'd like more sausage and potato chunks to bite into every once in a while and there's not enough in one bowl to make me happy.
5	Best Pho in Vegas. Soup was flavorful yet light. The noodles  were perfect. We ask for extra basil X3. :) Used up all the jalapenos too. Open till 3am. I heard through th grape vine when the Top Chefs were in town they stopped here. By the way, drank all the soup . (heehee)  Such great comfort food. Service was very fast too.
3	Imagine driving into the parking lot and seeing mad heads waiting to get a seat in this joint. Mind you, it was 110 degrees outside and people were still waiting like they were giving something away for free. I should have gone for the pho but I've had my share in college when I live in Orange County. Instead, I opted for the bahn mein which was not the best I've ever had. It was quite mediocre as I've had better elsewhere.Since it was searing hot outside, I opted to get a mango smoothie with tapioca and was expecting fresh mangos for a $4.75 drink. Boy did they serve up a powered monstrosity which I took two sips of. I hate powdered drinks when fresh fruit should have been in order.
3	Serving "Fine Chinese-Vietnamese Cuisine" out on Spring Mountain in Chinatown.This place is usually pretty busy and popular. It is also very clean with nice decor, starting with the beautiful and colorful, large fish tank at the door. Good Feng Shui! They have a large menu of Vietnamese and Chinese dishes, so you can have a bowl of Pho all they way up to a Canh Chua Ca Bong Lau (sweet and sour catfish soup) or Tom Ham Rang Muon (baked live lobster with salt and pepper), and everything in between, like Hu Tieu, Mi, Com, Bun, Ga, Bo, and Chao.We had Pho Tai and Pho Tai Nam. We ask for medium size, but they came out more typical of a small in Little Saigon or San Jose. But the broth was very good, with not a lot of junk floating in it, but a lot of flavor in a more clear broth than the muddy waters some places  try to give you. It had a great flavor with a hint of sweetness, like good Pho should. Unfortunately, for some reason my noodles didn't taste fresh and silky as they should with a little chew to it. Instead they seemed old and chalky somehow. The beef Tai was full rounds and the Nam was tender and tasty. The prices were about $1 more than you would pay elsewhere, but they have the broth down very well, and with the nicer decor, it is a good choice. If wasn't for my noodles, it might have got  4 stars.
4	"You've got to be kidding me...." says my gal pal. "Nope, that's really the name of this joint,"   says I.Reluctantly, she took her hungover self there. She's still dreaming about the flavorful pho.
4	will come here every time I am in vegas. Found this place through yelp and the name made me laugh. It had a pretty good rating. So I decided to give it a try. The place was well put together, the pho is more expensive than what i'm used to paying to back in my area, but I was not disappointed! The service was SO fast andI really liked the broth.. I ordered pho GA as usssual and I enjoyed the strips of chicken and onion and cilantro.The place was clean.. Even the bathrooms.The place closes at 3am which is pretty good time considerin it's in vegas.
3	2.5 stars.Great service, semi-clean interior, minimal decorations, and decent food. Compared to LA pho, this place can't compete. It's about as good as it gets, in the desert though. The pho broth seemed to lack a little luster, and the vegetables weren't so fresh. I didn't expect fresh sprouts, and limes in the desert though. Can you even grow fruit in Vegas?Like everyone else mentioned, the name alone makes it worth a visit.
3	This place is alright. We got an order of  Pho Tai ($6.25) and Rice plate with chargrilled pork chop. Both dishes were decent. Almost right after we ordered, the pho came out. We went during a busy hour, but they still got the food out pretty fast. There's a mixture of mid20s-30s crowd and lots of families came to this place to eat. The place is simple in decoration and is a good place to eat.
3	"CRAWFISH" is a new addition to Pho Kim Long, and that's what brought me here in the first place.  They only started offering this shellfish in June, weekends only.My luck that the Sunday I choose to come in, they weren't offering it. We still sat down for dinner and this is what we got: * Hu Tieu Hoac Mi Bo Kho (Beef Stew Egg Noodle) - $7.95: The Big F enjoyed his noodle soup.  I was too busy with my plate to eat much of his.* Dau Dua Xao XO Sauce (Stir fried String Beans with XO Sauce) - $9.95: Tasty string beans, a bit on the pricey side though.  A nice spice kick as well.* Com Ga Hai Nam (Hai Nam Style Chicken with Seasoned Rice) $8.50: I've always liked Hainamese chicken since my friend's mom made it for me, along with the seasoned rice.  It's good here, but definitely not as good as my friend's mom's version.Pho Kim Long II is a huge restaurant with lots of big tables for large parties.  A great place for families to eat and friends to gather after a late night.  Their menu is pretty extensive so there's plenty of choices for everyone.  And portions seem pretty decent-sized too.  (I wish they would get a bigger fish tank though because there are way too many fish in that tiny thing up front!)From this experience, I give it a FOUR stars.I love Hot N Juicy Crawfish up the road, and I definitely believe in some healthy competition.  So, last Friday we decided to finally check out their crawfish and see if it's worthy.We decided to start off with two pounds and see where we went for there.     We noticed a neighboring table with their order of crawfish and was definitely excited.  It came in a large bowl with red potatoes, corn on the cob and sausage.  They also brought extra bowls for the shells and a plate for us to eat on.  The Big F requested limes, salt and pepper to make a dipping concoction.I dove right in and noticed the big difference...the crawfish was not fresh.  It was old or way overcooked.  The tail meat didn't come off the shell easily and was broken up.  I thought it was just the first one and continued eating.  Unfortunately, this wasn't the case.  There was little to no head juice either, which was very disappointing to me.  The Big F was easily disgusted with the crawfish and we were glad that we only ordered two pounds to start.  (We usually go for two pounds each!)  The corn, potatoes, and sausage were good though, but it didn't make up for the bad crawfish.  Since it comes in a bowl, there's no sauce on the bottom for you to dip your crawfish in after you shell it.  No bibs were provided, which explains all the stains on my shirt.When I'm craving crawfish, I'll drive up the road and spring the extra cash over at Hot N Juicy.For this experience, I give it a TWO stars.Overall, a four stars for their Vietnamese food, and a two stars for their bad crawfish.  I'm giving Pho Kim Long II a THREE star.(Pics are posted!)
4	I've been craving Pho, because I've had a killer cold for a week.  My friend suggested Vietnamese food, so I thought of Pho Kim Long.  I'm so glad we came here.My first time here was w/ Susan R. and it was sort of an unsavory experience, not because of the company or the food, but because a certain a-hole that we both had the displeasure of knowing was the main topic of conversation, anyways, that's neither here nor there...The Pho is great! My friend ordered the Orange Chicken and the Scallops with Black Bean Sauce.  I love the fresh ingredients in Vietnamese cooking, it really adds a distinct taste that sets it apart from Chinese food.  If you're gonna do Vietnamese, go to Pho Kim Long, I highly recommend it!
3	I didn't see the "II" on the sign of this restaurant, but I'm assuming it's the same one/sequel.  In short,the broth tasted really clean - good, but not rich!noodles were too thin - we'd asked for them that way and wanted regular pho noodles, but we only asked to avoid wide-flat noodles! :(The pho was good, overall, but I wish that the noodles were the normal kind and that the broth was richer.It's slightly more expensive here than in L.A.Well, since they open til 3 AM, I'll give em 3 stars and a half.
3	My father only likes Asian food and my family really wanted to Vietnamese food.  I really dislike Vietnamese food so they took the chance to ambush me so that they can get their way.  My sister read that this place was well-received and popular.  It wasn't too busy when we arrived at 6:30PM.  For the full review and pics go to http://www.kats9lives.com/2008/07/ph-kim-long-need-i-say-more.htmlThe food came out SUPER FAST.  I guess for Pho it doesn't take long, but they must have a batch of egg rolls ready to go every second.  They immediately brought the egg rolls out and they were piping hot.  I thought they were good but nothing too special.  They also speak Mandarin here.  The server was listening on our conversation I guess and started to talk to us.  It took me a while to decide what to order.  My family all got a bowl of Pho.  The soup was okay.  Same thing, nothing special but not bad.  The portions here are smaller than what we get in Los Angeles or Orange County.Eventually I decided to order the French Style Steak.  It was flavorful, but nothing that I would write home about.  Apparently I would write on Yelp about though.  =9 It was alright.  A little bit on the expensive side.Overall the meal was decent.  They had HUGE signs of Live Crawfish posted everywhere and when we asked they said they didn't have it.  They really should have taken the banner and signs down.  Would I come back here?  Nahhhh... Was it bad?  Not really.  If you just want to satisfy your Vietnamese craving, then I guess this place wouldn't be too bad.
4	My first experience with Viet food. Problem was, I ordered a very typical dish that could be done anywhere.To start, I thought the greeters sat us quickly. The look of the place was clean, but nothing fancy. The waitresses were attentive and did a good job of backing each other end (they didnt just dedicate one person per table, which created the appearance that you always had someone there if you needed it).I enjoyed my food and noticed that it was delicious and not overly greasy. I actually felt good after my meal. No bloating, laziness, or indigestion. I would definitely eat here again when I return to LV.
3	I liked the food and the decent price.  But they really need to do something about the smell in the whole restaurant.Upon arrival, you will smell some dirty cloth or dirty table cloth.  It really turned me off.  The whole time I smelt the dirty cloth.  It was not just me but my parents, my hubbie and my brother and sister in law were complaining.The dessert menu looked great but I didn't have a chance to eat them - sooooo full.
1	I really wanted to give this place stars but when you live in the Bay Area and have access to so many pho spots this place just does not meet the mark.  Especially when they want to charge 8.50 a medium bowl..... The decor has been updated since last yet the service and food is the same.. just pricier.  I have heard that their crab/crayfish night is the fun/tasty however I have yet to experience it.  This review is based on 8 different returns to the restaurant... different times of year, different years.  Yeahhhhhh-- not again.
3	I will Pho Kim Long -er. I just wanted to say that.Food was okay - decent, I mean Im not big on buffets so pho was soothing and tasted ok.I ordered the CafeSuDa and it was already mixed, which I don't like personally - it was too sweet for me.The service was good, and although we had a contagious fit of toppling over our glasses of water, the staff was quick and replaced our water promptly with no attitude.Inside was decorated better than usual pho spots. And I'm glad to have an off the strip alternative.
3	I had just gotten off a plane that smelled like cheese. After I got over that olfactory overload, I was starving. Friends picked me up from the airport and we were off in search of food. After circling Las Vegas for about an hour, we finally settled upon Pho Kim Long again. I mean, why fight it. It has decent pho, it's fast and it's open no matter what time of day.They redecorated or something, and now everything is varying shades of diarrhea brown.The help were very angry here. The waiter was not amused with us and was not very happy to answer our questions about portion size. The pho was again decent, so that's all that matters, but they got a new menu and raised prices slightly. And it smelled like feet in there.Between the cheese-smelling plane, and the feet-smelling restaurant, I was done for the night. But phull of happy-pho-ness.
5	Best Pho in town! They also have tons of other yummy specialites!
3	Before I write my review I just wanted to say, this is more of a *CANTONESE* restaurant than Vietnamese.My family and I always eat here at least once when we visit Vegas.  I don't really comprehend why we do, we just do.  Actually, here or some other Asian restaurant in "Chinatown" - but as of late, mostly here.  Last visit, we arrived at 8:00 pm driving from Grand Canyon, so we were all beat.  Surprisingly, the restaurant was packed so we waited approximately 10 minutes.I found it strange that they have a "smoking section" of the restaurant, but that area isn't blocked off.  Wide variety of selections on the menu.  I think the only Vietnamese food they serve are pho and the dessert.  Everything else is pretty much from the Chinese/Cantonese culture, which is why I don't understand why their restaurant name is in Vietnamese.  Oh well.Stuff is average - pretty good at times.  Not the best pho I've ever tasted, but will suffice during a late night craving of Vietnamese food.  I don't think I've ever had a bad experience here.  Oh, and one of the waiters is pretty cute :)
4	If you're visiting Vegas, sometime it's just nice to get off the Strip. If you're a local, sometimes... well, sometimes you're in Chinatown or want some pho.  Pho Kim Long offers up good pho and also Chinese food and does it until 3 in the morning! I wish I could get late-night pho in Seattle, though this isn't the best, as it is pretty good and fills that need! The service isn't phenomenal, the food isn't spectacular, but Pho Kim Long delivers what you want at odd hours, even, and it's pretty affordable, as is typical for pho. I've been here for pho in the morning with a coffee and late at night when it just hits the spot and it does the trick!
4	Best Pho in Las Vegas, since I crave PHO especially when you come from the Bay Area. I got to have my pho fix. This place fills the bill. I like the fact it is open 24/7 since people like myself fly in late to Vegas.
4	This place looks sooooo different in the daytime than at night. Maybe its my hennessey/beer goggles.  It serves its purpose.....healing my body after a hard night of drinking.
2	I believe this is related to the restaurant of the same name in San Jose, CA. Anyways, I had the spacial beef Pho and it was average at best. The portions are small for the price, but the service and the atmosphere is significantly better then the one in SJ. Probably will come back if I'm craving Pho in the area.
4	If you're in the mood for pho, this is one of the best places in Vegas to get it.  Quick seating and service, and a hot and tasty broth make it worth the trip.  I'm not one to get fancy with pho, so I usually go with pho tai or pho tai chin.  A bit of hot sauces mixed up for dipping the meat, and I'm happy.The egg rolls are served nuclear hot, and unlike a lot of other places, appear to be home-made... at least ours always appear that way, from their non-uniform shapes and funky bulges.  Oh, and they're tasty, too.A bowl of pho runs you around $7 with a large being $1 more.  This is expensive for pho compared to places in L.A., but is about the norm for Pho here in Vegas.  It's one of our default go-to suggestions when we're hungry and cruising up Spring Mountain.
5	Got tired of eating along the strip, so we all decided to head off the strip and go for some authentic asian cooking...some comfort food since it was freezing cold out (literally, temps were at freezing point or below).  For a party of six, the bill came out to be just shy of $90 and that's already including the tip!  How can you beat that in Vegas.We ordered:  (2) Hu Tieu Hoac Mi Ga -Chicken Rice  Noodle - 5.95; (2) Kim Lon Egg Rolls; Pho Tai 5.95; (3) Rare Steak Noodle Soup; Special Combination Tender Beef Noodle Soup - Pho Dac Biet 6.95; 4 Avocado shakes; Soda Chanh Duong - Soda with Fresh Lemon - 2.50.Service was good and food came in a jiffy.  I'd definitely be returning and the name of the place is hilarious...just say it really fast and you'll get what I'm talking about =)
3	I think we chose to eat here because of the name of the restaurant.Food is pretty good. I came here with my parents and my boyfriend while visiting Vegas. My dad and I both ordered the typical pho bowl. My mom and my boyfriend both ordered this soup which was almost like ours except it also had blood cubes in it. I liked them all, and it really hit the spot on a cold night.I just thought it was kinda pricey compared to what I'm used to. But I love the fact that it's open late night.
3	I am shocked we came here on our face day of being in Vegas. My pops never really likes to eat anything unless its Chinese food. Well, okay that's somewhat of a lie. But here's what I make of the place:Not too bad...was this placed called something else prior to being Pho Kim Long? I know we came here ages ago (my family and I) and I was sorely disappointed back then. This time around it wasn't too bad and it was actually quite good. The only problem was it was quite pricy for a bowl of Pho. I think it was 7 or 8 dollars for a average sized bowl. Trust me, coming from San Jose, CA you have places with an XL bowl costing you only 4 to 5 bucks. Overall, I give them 3/3.5 out of 5. It was better then before, food was YUM-O, and service was eh, and the atmosphere was also EH. Enjoy!
4	I like this place. Don't need to worry about sticky table or greasy floors. It's clean here and food is great. I've tried the Pho combo and Vermecilli noodle with egg roll and pork. I've been here a few times when driving to Vegas. It's about 10 mins off the strip. Some authentic Vietnamese food. I'd definitely return here again.
3	Ah, Fuck Him Long. My posse's current late-night dining obsession. I am no pho expert, and as a matter of fact, I order bun and not pho, but I find this place to be only OK. On our most recent visit, our table ordered together, and my #32 didn't come until everyone was done eating and we inquired about it. It's on the pricey side for pho...most dishes around $9-12. The shrimp spring rolls are popular with my krew, as are the rolls with the shredded pork skin, but I'm not particularly fond of either, especially considering the price. Service is OK at best. Decor is nice, almost classy, even. They're open late, and they're pretty close to the freeway, which are very good things. I'm not in love with the place, but some of my more pho-knowledgeable friends are very fond of it. I'll continue to go, but I'm definitely keeping my eye out for something better, or at least cheaper.PRO-TIP: They won't split checks, so if dining with a group, bring cash.
4	This used to be my favorite pho spot in Vegas.  Some days, you tire of the endless buffets with rich, greasy foods and you just want some nice comfort food.   Pho Kim Long (yes, the name turns us all into giggly 12 year olds), was that place for me.  However, on recent visit, I noticed that they have remodeled/redecorated and their prices are really inflated now.  A bowl of pho there used to be like no more than 7 dollars but now, there are bowls of noodles over 10 dollars.  I think they are trying to reach into the non-asian market or something and trying to make it more upscale.  Bah!Their food is not the greatest, compared to LA standards but it is pretty darn good considering the few choices that you have to select from.  I would have given 5 stats but took 1 away for unconscionable pho prices.
1	i dont know what that last person was eating but, this place was inexpensive and good. the bad thing was the service. i eat once a week and always manage to spend less than 20.the bad service: i asked for a half taro and half mango smoothie drink to be mixed. 3 different people came over to tell me that "its no good." im like what do you mean "no good" im asking for it. then a fourth person came to my table to tell me "taro mango does not taste good." im like who are you to tell me what amuses my palate. so i asked for 1 mango smoothie and 1 taro. so i stood in the middle of the restaurant and got most peoples attention. i grabbed both the drinks in my hand and attempted to mix it and spoke out loud... " EVERY EMPLOYEE TOLD ME I COULDNT HAVE THIS MIXED BECAUSE THEY TOLD ME IT WOULDNT TASTE GOOD" after mixing it and tasting in front of a disturbed audience i said"THIS IS THE BEST MUTHAFUKN DRANK I HAVE EVER TASTED. TARO MANGO MIX. MMMMM! DONT EVER TELL ME WHAT I CAN AND CANNOT MIX STUPID DUMASSES"what an experience that was for me and everyone else in the restuarant...lol
3	I would give this place another star but the service we got from our tired waiter ruined it.  He actually said he was worn out and was ready to go home.  Not what we wanted to hear especially since we were hungry.He took his time and never really checked on us.  Good thing the other wait staff brought out our food.....and in no particular order.  We had our fried rice brought out to us like 10 min before the rest of our dishes.  What good is that?  Good thing it was yummy.  We then had to get white rice which they now charge for, to have with our entrees.  We had the honey walnut shrimp, salt and pepper pork chops, and crispy noodles with beef and brocolli.  Everything was great!  I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for something comforting to eat off the strip.  Price wise....we were around in mid 20s per person for about 4 shared dishes and drinks....(smoothie, and thai iced tea).
3	Can't go wrong with soup if/when your drunk after a night at the club. A friend took me here once and I just could not believe the name. The pho is pretty good and their cooking time is pretty fast; but besides that the service was pretty horrible they practically forgot about us.
4	Pho and bun are worth the extra mile off the strip.  Beware, the rooster sauce for some reason is much more potent than anywhere else. Trust. I am a hot sauce mastress.  Upset that I didn't get any TRIPE in my soup. Yea I said tripe. ...But their sliced brisket was deliciously pink and tender.  #9 rocks.  I was also intro'd to an interesting new concoction... ask for a side of sliced pickled onions and toss it yourself with some lime juice, sriracha and crispy bean sprouts for a yum bump to your soup.
3	Having just had the pho at Pho Saigon 8 yesterday I can definitely say that I like the broth better here at Pho Kim Long.  It is sweeter, not as salty, and more aromatic.  I ordered dac biet Pho that only has rare beef in it but you pay an extra $1 and they add tripe and tendon.  I then asked for double tendon.  It was good.  The broth like I said was solid.  The vermicelli, meat, and condiments were all good. It is a little more pricey here but the service is great and the place is large, nicely decorated, and very clean.  I will be going back for more pho and to try the bun.
5	OK, OK...yes, it's true, we've been driving past this place for years on our way to dim sum. Yeah, it's also true there is no shortage of giggles and laughs every time we pass this place (think Beavis and Butthead..."HEH HEH HEH...you said "PHO"). But hot damn, I am through making fun of the name, this place is damn good! (okay, maybe I'm really _NOT_ finished making fun of the name)#10 rocks, so do the egg rolls. Try it. You can thank me later.
3	Good Pho Vegas man! Finally we find a good broth out in Chinatown Las Vegas! This place is pretty good and what drew me to it was the name! Pho Kim Long in Milpitas, CA. is bomb stuff.... so we decided to try and re-energize and recover at Pho Kim Long Las Vegas and it was pretty tasty given the hung over nature of the expedition! Try it out all you looking for a Pho spot in the desert!
5	theeeeee best pho ive had!!! WOW
3	Great late night dinners good Vietnamese food, love their pho soups :)
3	Was visiting LV August 2008, now found out I'll be moving there permanently soon.  Went here for lunch one day, and the meal (pho) itself wasn't bad.  The broth was tasty, the proteins were good (I forgot what I ordered) and the serving size was also good.I guess my issue when I went there was that whenever the wait staff would give me my beverage or check, it was placed at the end of the table away from me, which I found to be unusual.  For example, since I ate lunch by myself, I had a single table that seats only two people.  The bev/check was actually placed at arm's length.  Is that a Viet thing?  I'm pretty sure it was the wait staff's perceived issue with me.But, as I mentioned before, I'm moving to LV soon and willing to give these folks another go.  Love Asian food, being Asian myself, and would really hate to not come here because I perceive some kind of issue or displeasure with me.
4	I love the Pho here, and now that I'm pregnant, I love it even more! it's hot, clean, and makes me happy.  ^_^  What I like about this pho is the noodle.  It is so soft and tender, unlike any other Pho Ive ever tasted.  Service is good and fast (I'm the kind of person that dislikes chatty waiters).
4	LOL, LMFAO, ROFL!"Fuh, kim, long...." - "fuhkimlong".....Ok, so it was funny for me for the first few times I said it..... The Pho here is pretty darn close to what I had in Vietnam, I mean it is just broth, noodles, and beef... but here you can tell their broth sits in kettles like they do at Pho 999s in HCMC. They don't give you as much beef as they do in viet nam, but it's still really really good. Can't say much for service, but food A+. Here at Pho Kim Long (^,^ he he he) it's almost a mixture of Vietnamese, Chinese and Thai with their dishes which makes it better than just a Pho house. Another plus is they're open 24 hours, which is probably why they're broth is so good.So if you got a hankerin for some soup that's not heavy, but will fill your belly, come here to Pho Kim Long II and enjoy a bowl of Pho, hot and sour or wonton soup.
2	As a homegrown Las Vegas local, its sad to see where this place is now. Before the 2 expansions, It was a excellent, hole-in-the-wall vietnamese restaurant. It was all the rave in town, constantly packed and everything about it was great. Great tasting hot broth and fresh vegetables and noodles. Then, the expansion. It seems that all the owner is thinking about now is maximizing profit. Such is apparent by the reduction in overall quality and waitstaff. Pho broth is bland, food is overpriced in accordance to the price and the service is negligible. I do have to say however their Chinese food isn't half bad. Although I'd rather go to K.J. Kitchen for that. Maybe I'm just being an elitist, or am still bummed that this place used to be so good. Nonetheless, this place is nothing more than average by far. Ahh, then I discovered Saigon 8.
4	One of the best joints in vegas. I used to go here at least once a week when i lived in vegas. Their eggrolls and dry vermicelli dishes are also good.
4	YUM!  Clean.  Good.  What more can you ask for when it comes to pho?
4	Pho Kim Long is the best Pho in vegas!!!!
3	Pho Kim Long i guess it is pronounced "Fu.cking long" i think the owner was talking about his penis....haha This place was just "ok" if you looking for a quick cheap bite...we came here to grab some food because the Pho Hua in Vegas closed down, WTF!!
4	i liked it, but we have Viet restaurants here in S. FL too and it tastes like the good ones so yeah! "Yay! I'm a fan." lol
3	A bit pricey for pho. The atmosphere is good and the staff is very attentive and always professional. The food is alright. I frequently eat at this place because it is so convenient. They are open early and close late. They may be even open 24 hours, I am not sure though. Decent pho, if you ask me.
4	My last couple visits here, we could not get a table. It is about an hour wait on weekends! WTF! So since today was Wednesday, we got in and were the 3rd party in the place. Its big, nice and best of all, clean!Ive eaten here maybe 2-3 times but it was never anything memorable... This time though.... it was freaking great! The soup was so flavorful and the noodles were cooked PERFECTLY! You know how usually the noodles break in your chopsticks or they clump up and are hard to seperate? Not here... That alone makes this place awesome! Id have to say that based on this visit, Pho Kim Long would be one of my top 5 Pho choices! BUUUT, Like I said; I had been there before and was not impressed so hopefully it wasnt a fluke today! :)
4	Got into Vegas and by the time we got our rental car and made it to the strip it was almost 11pm. We were trying to get to In & Out Burger and I took a wrong turn and OH MY GOD found this whole area of viet restaurants.... what amazing luck... AND open 24 hrs? Wooo Hooo! The menu included items that I would consider Chinese, but we ordered the vermicelli bowls with egg rolls. I had chicken, and others at my table had shrimp and pork. All were great. Fast service, reasonable/cheap prices, and nice wait staff, not to mention a name that makes me giggle!
4	Good pho here. I got the Pho Ga [chicken pho] and my broth was nice and clear, the dark meat was tender and delicious. The garlic fish sauce was good too. Friends got the egg noodles with cha gio [egg rolls] and that was phenomenal. I will get that next time.My other friend ordered the chao ga [chicken porridge] and porridge was amazing. Flavorful, hot, and delicious for your hungover tummy.However, the service was short and very asian like....one thing did bother me. The porridge arrived soooo late and its the easiest thing to make and should be ready in minutes. We all finished our meal and he was still waiting on his! We asked the server twice and he kind of blew us off. I think he forgot both times and then finally placed the order the second time we asked. That lost a star.
1	I decided to get out of my normal routine of going to Pho Saigon 8 and decided to try a new place. Boy, was I PISSED! At first, i saw that it was packed with Asians (good sign, right?). Whatever they were eating must not have been pho, because the broth sucked. It was this cloudy brown water with very little meat. I felt like I was being ripped off. I actually left angry because I could have gone to Saigon 8 like I originally wanted to.
4	Despite the what is hopefully an unintentional innuendo in the restaurant name, the food is absolutely delicious. My husband and I were craving Asian food and decided to explore the areas off the strip. Intrigued by the name and prompted by good yelp reviews, we decided to try it out. We both ordered the standard Pho Tai (rice noodles in beef broth) and loved it. The noodles did not clump together like at other restaurants and appeared to be cooked to order. The soup broth was flavorful and very refreshing. I would definitely recommend it. And in Vegas style, the restaurant is open 24 hours!
3	The food is comparable to other good Vietnamese restaurant. I usually get the Pho Chin Nam (Brisket & Flank) and egg rolls. It's always busy. The service isn't always that great. For the most part, they get you your food and then leave you alone until you're ready to pay. They charged a 15% gratuity on a party of 7. I don't know many Vietnamese restaurants that charges gratuity. For the service that we received the last time we went there (in early July), the gratuity was undeserving. If you have a hankering for Vietnamese food, this place will give you what you want. They have good selections. If you're just hungry for anything, I'd say skip it.
4	Best drunk food in Vegas especially since it's open 24 hours.  My favorites: bo kha and the bo luc lac.  If you're planning on attending a pool party the next morning, don't eat here.  Not only will the food take away ripples from your six pack but it will give you major shiiizzzzeettss.  But IMO, the food is worth it.
4	Good solid chinese food.  Fresh, crisp veggies all the time.  The meats are nicely tender and good sauces.  A bit above average aesthetics and good service.
4	This is the king of Vietnamese places in Vegas. It's got a huge menu and is open 24 hours. It's not the best in town but solid with lots of variety and a great choice if you're out on the town late at night. You could do a lot worse.
4	I don't know if pho shop owners gather weekly to come up with clever or hilarious names, but I like it. (maybe they do a weekly "Pho"ne Con"pho"rence.) The only thing more memorable than the restaurant name is the pho at this place. Pho Kim Long is delicious pho goodness in Las Vegas and it's open 24 hours. I never even considered eating pho in Vegas because I'm always trying to go to the buffets, but now I think I have to go here every time I visit thank to my drunk Japanese boss who suddenly craved pho. Because it's Vegas, it's one of the nicest looking pho restaurants I've ever been to. I just wish it was closer to the strip.
2	I guess it's "okay" vacation food...Staff are nice and food came out pretty fast.I had the wonton soup, beef cube steak and roast chicken rice noodles.The wonton was very mediocre, the beef cube steak was barely acceptable and the roast chicken was rather dry.One redeeming quality: the price tag isn't so high...especially compared to other eats in Vegas.Will I be coming back to the restaurant on my next Vegas trip?  Probably not.
3	It was our arrival to Las Vegas from the grand canyon and my parents were super hungry. i could have gone for a hot dog. but you know some asian parents, don't like to try other things, olllld school.yeah this places pho from what my parents say and my one spoonful was comparable to my own mothers. and man it was good. it was pretty pricey for pho but you know what, the ambience inside was very nice and classy, clean and cool, it didn't even smell like pho inside. [this is where you say OMG REALLY?] Yeah, REALLY.So I wasn't feelin pho, but i should have but i got the chicken soft noodles, beef soft noodles, and fried rice and shared with my siblings.The fried rice was SUPER bland, and the noodle dishes didn't have that savoriness to it that you expect form most asian noodle dishes.the pho and ambience saved its rating how ever, the other dishes messed them up.OH! and the bathroom is nice and clean! [You know i love my clean bathrooms!]
4	Needed a pho fix at 2am in Vegas. And got it. The food was decent. I kinda wished the bowls were bigger, but they satisfied my craving after hours of gambling.The service was nice. It was funny because my girlfriend wanted meatballs and asked the waiter how many balls are in the bowl. The waiter replied, "yeah you get about two balls," and chuckled. Our table chuckled as well. The service was good and gave up water when needed. But pretty much like any ordinary pho place.. nothing too special except the being open 24 hours.
4	As far as 24 hours restaurants go, this is a pretty clean place. I believe they did receive an "A" for cleanliness. This was the only place my hubby and I could eat our last day in Vegas. Even though I could only eat a couple bites of Pho, it was the light end of tunnel I needed to plan my next trip to come back here for Pho. Vegas of all places for Pho! And order the coconut juice, you won't regret it.
1	Your service sucks. Even by vietnamese standards. Your host is absent minded. I had to remind me him 3 times about my party and he STILL did not write my name on the list. THEN he seated parties that came after my party. Not just a few, A BUNCH. You suck pho long. Your service blows.  You need a new host, or a better one or at least train them to not ignore your customera.  I am generally very lienient on servce at PHO joints because you get what you pay for but you service was sensationally abysmal. Not to mention, your Pho is subpar, and the spring rolls are itty bitty.  ugh. never again.
3	The Pho was fresh but I'm not sure I would try extra hard to return. A little like the Cheesecake Factory of Asian food because of all of the menu choices and Average for food and service.  But there is very good side note..its open 24 HOURS! I could see it might work its way into being the best drunk food of all time.
5	AMAZING!i highly reccomend #32.___________________that is all.
3	who really knows if this is good pho or not, i was hung tha fuck over and in desperate need of pho therapy. :P but it totally hit the spot and came out super freakin fast!!! omg! aaahhhhh.....i'm pretty sure it wasn't bad pho tho...meat, noodles, broth, all a-ok. the coffee was good too. thought i was gettin ripped off for a $3 cup of coffee but they gave me a big cup so it's all good! :)ima make pho a must the next time i go to vegas again fo sure!!! yum! :D
3	Not too shabby for Pho being near the strip. Open late too so that's a bonus and decently priced at $8.50. That's expensive compared to home, but it is Vegas and I've seen worst. The broth is pretty good, salty and flavorful, the way I like it. The meat was kind of chewy though, that's the only drawback.
4	PROS:A large selection of delicious, authentic Vietnamese food. You can order anything from soup, to rice plates, appetizers and their iced coffee is to die for! I would have to say that this was one of the fanciest pho joints I have ever been to. Everyone was in uniform and very nice and helpful. I was in Vegas for 4 days and we ate here every morning!CONS:We stayed on the strip so we had to take a cab to get to the place..FINAL ANSWER: Go!!!!! Pho is the best cure for a Vegas Hangover!
4	After a long day of walking around the Las Vegas Convention Center - and unwilling to pay $15 for a slice of pizza and a drink - we headed over to this place for some Asian goodness. Frankly, it looked more like a Chinese restaurant rather than a Vietnamese joint inside. And the menu reflected this to a certain extent, where the offering was well beyond what you'd find at a pho place, with dishes that readily reminds you of a Chinese joint in the 626. The waiter / server was helpful, pointing us in the right direction. The pho broth was hot and tasty. Saw a lot of other people eating what looked like stir fried dishes. Definitely going to have to delve into that side of the menu the next time I'm in Vegas. Highly recommended.
4	first off, a pho joint open 24 hrs. wha wha what?!? it gotta be good, right?in a strip mall in china town, pulled up & it was like an import car showroom in the parking lot. big place, packed..its good, dude. combo pho was on time! i ate here twice in 24 hrs., trust me. get some.bonus.  check out the bakery a few doors down (exit, take left), got 4 or 5 vietnamese pastries for about 5 bucks. tasty, great!
3	Have been here many times around 2am to get hydrated with some wonderful pho soup.Came back recently for a cheap quick dinner and was pleasantly surprised its pretty good while sober too.I've only had the basic pho and fried egg rolls, both of which are good.Pho portions could be better though.
3	Ate the pho here...pho dac biet...it was okay.  Not as flavorful as the pho I've had at other places.  Big restaurant though and good for large groups.
5	This place was off the beaten path and somewhere off of the strip but what a great find.  There was about 9 of us that popped in here around 4 am on a Friday night...and all of us left here with a smile on our face.  that's a tough task to accomplish after drinking for 16hrs straight, getting your ass kicked at every game at the casinos and leaving Rhino with mad blue balls...but somehow Pho Kim Long had that right receipe.  The pork chops were so ridiculous that we had to order another order as soon as we all sampled a bite. The pho (I had the chicken) was awesome, probably one of the best that I have had. And this place served us BEER at 4 AM, now that's outstanding. For a late, late night joint the place was clean and the atmosphere was classy and inviting.  we were in awe of some of the fish that were swimming around in their fish tank or maybe it was the two hotties reflection off of the aquarium that all nine of us were taking glances at, remember we just left Rhino.But none the less, if you are in need of a hangover fix or something to soak up all the booze, definately get a bowl of Pho, here. all the gambling wounds, phony temptations of banging a stripper and regretful short term memories that flash back from the evening will dissappear once you get involved in a bowl of pho. I know us 9 rowdy guys found a moment of bliss just by the shear silence of words replaced by the sounds of slurp.  That lasted about a minute.
2	I have come to this restaurant at least 10 every time I come to Las Vegas.  My take here are decor is ok, so is the food, service is unpredictable, and the prices are varied.     The dining room is buddhist-like temple  theme which is more of a cross between Chinese and Vietnamese.  There are lots of buddha figurines in different sizes.  The fresh water fish tank is nice with expensive variety of fishes. The plants need to be taken care of because they are covered with dust.  The restroom needs to be clean because toilet paper are all over the floor.  By the way they haven't upkept since the remodeling.  The place needs better ventilation because I can smell lot of pho flavors when first entered.       The beef noodle soup here is reasonable.  First, the soup come out really fast.  The broth has a distinct cinnamon flavor, which is typical.  I prefer a balance flavor broth.  The price for the beef noodle soup is fair.  The seafood soup here is overpriced because the content in the soup are 3 pieces of shrimp, 2 fishballs, 3 slices of cuttlefish, and egg noodle in a blanched broth.  The BBQ duck is tasty which has a balance flavor of crispy skin, duck with fair amount of meat,  and good price.     The service is unpredictable.  They have all male servers with a serious look on their faces most of the time.  You have to ask for service. One upswing is  they give you the right utensil for your needs.  The 17% gratuity is added with five or more in your party.  Since there is not much service that seems rediculous.  You can't split check, boomer.  Their non-alcohol prices are more than their beers.  Might as well order a beer for your thirst.  One more thing,  the servers dress in a nice tunic-like shirt which I thought stand out.
4	love it,   gimmie my roast duck and bbq pork rice plate and im good!!!been here several times and its always busy and for good reason, because to food is damn good, well priced and did i say its good!!!easy to access location and has a great menu with many many options, almost too many at times.2 thumbs up
3	24 hour Pho, they know how to do it.  If only they didn't make the broth so salty it would have been good.  The meat came out medium rare, just enough so I could dunk it under the noodles to let it cook a little before consuming.They definitely want you in and out.  A few people wanted to take our order and before we could finish we were asked if we were done and the check was coming.Maybe the other dishes were good, but when they say Pho, the first item I would go for is the Pho Tai.
3	We shared another bowl of pho ga. It was much tastier and fresher than was served at Pho Saigon 8 though it should have been hotter.
4	thanks for the tip, yelp!nice decor (especially impressive for a pho restaurant!), open 24 hrs, and, most importantly, yummy pho (tasty, rich broth, perfectly chewy noodles, fresh veggies). this place was so good my vietnamese mom, who is a pho expert, expressed her approval!other non-pho dishes were waay too oily. the noodle dish we ordered was shiny and there was a pool of oil at the bottom of the plate... and the chinese donuts were overly crunchy, missing that slightly sweet and chewy flavor that i love, and also dripping with oil. i'd definitely go back for the pho, but would probably discourage being too adventurous with their other menu offerings :)
3	24 hour pho is unheard of where I am from so this place is amazing just for that!The amount of meat in the pho is good, there are plenty of the veggie/herbs. I wish there was just a little more noodle, probably because the broth is so salty I'm 98 percent sure there's MSG in it.I don't really have a problem with that, I just need more soda than the one can to get through it.This place seems a little hyped just because it's 24 hours but there are better pho spots in town by far.
4	I really like the food at this place. I go there all the time, but the service is poor. And I hate to say it but, while they will help you (after asking them for something 3 times before they do it), unless you're Asian, don't expect to be waited on promptly. Their food is amazing and the Salt & Pepper Calamari is the BOMB!
4	This place hit the spot after a long night of being out and about in the cold. And it definitely made me feel better after learning that Avatar in IMAX 3D was sold out.The fresh spring rolls are so good. Granted, I don't think you can really mess it up, but the peanut sauce was yummy! The pho is your standard pho...meaning it is good any time of day. Service is fast, food is cheap. Will definitely go back when I'm in town.
3	let me first start off by saying that the pho kim long in san jose is WAYYY better..the only thing that remains the same at both places is, sad to say but the lack in service. why this place sucks more in service is because they are really rude and they get angry when you say you're going to "share a bowl". excuse me for buying a jumbo size pho and wanting to share with my bf. jeez. another annoying thing is they grab your bowls off the table when you're still in the middle of eating. it's really rude that they just "assume" that you're done with your food just because you're sitting and talking with your other guests at the table. 3 stars only because i realized pho hung sucks more. minus 2 stars for service and PRICES. they are REALLY overpriced for pho compared to san jose.
1	Wait was long... service was bad ( aside from one bus boy).  Food???  Not worth the price you pay for.
5	I thought this PHO KIM LONG was related to the one in SF and SJ so I'm here asking the waiter, hey, from your other sister restaurants in SF AND SJ, I heard your crab was really good. They look at me like with a confused face. LOL. They didn't even know the other Pho Kim Long existed. I felt SO moded. So actuallly THEY ARENT RELATED. I forgot what I ordered but it was the last meal (birthday meal) I had in Vegas before I left. All I remember is that I had their egg rolls, seabass, veggies, prawns, fried rice and soup. I had no problems with their service. Our waiter was really nice and gave us tips on what to order. If I'm ever in Vegas, I'll BE BACKKKK!
5	Don't let location or exterior fool you.  Once you are in, you'll see a top tier classy and s immaculate restaurant.  Pho was top notch.  The noodle was perfect in consistency and the soup was piping hot. Very accommodating, my friends wife ask for vegetables in her noodles and they did an excellent job.
4	OK, so maybe its bad to review and eat this after a Batali restaurant... but still... best Bun I've had... and the price was just right.  There are still eating bargains in Vegas.Open 24hrs is a plus for food that's this decent and reasonably priced in the area.
4	We came to this locale two Mondays ago for brunch. It was among the few small "last hoorahs" we will have had before heading back to San Jose.Pho Kim Long in Las Vegas happened to be comparable to many pho restaurants in San Jose. Surprisingly, as I didn't think pho here would be any good. We ordered:1 Regular Pho Dac Biet1 Jumbo Pho Dac Biet1 Hu Tieu1 Pho Ga1 OJ1 Sinh To XoaiBill came out to be around $45ishOverall, some complaints we had was that they didn't have the vinegared onions .. how can they not? Also, my friend ordered dark meat with bones for her pho ga, and they gave her white meat.Service wasn't so bad.. they weren't as rushy and unpleasant like most pho joints. Would come back to try other items on their menu.
3	Had dinner here on Monday night.  We ordered half a hai nan chicken, oyster hot pot, salt and pepper shrimp, and the pork chop combo rice plate.  The shrimp and the hot pot were good.  The hai nan chicken had no flavor at all.   The shredded pork in the combo plate came out cold.  It wasn't great but it wasn't awful either...  so hence the 3 star rating.
3	Came in here for a quick lunch before my flight. The food is decent. However, I wouldn't say that it was an authentic Vietnamese restaurant, much more like a Chinese restaurant to me.
5	The rare beef pho is amazing! The best part is they're open 24 hours.
4	First the name is amusing and I have loud gay friends who visit from Los Angeles- you know just taking them to a place called pho kim long is always gonna be a hit with the queenies. My bf and I are regulars for some late night pho as it is one of the few 24 hour pho.  I dock off a star because, normally its fairly good but a few occasions the broth to me was more strongly spiced than it should be or lacked the spice, but many times it was spot on to my taste of how I like to spice it at home. Bun and rice places have been consistantly good. I usually like the porkchop rice plate and bun with eggrolls with pork or beef bbq. I like that this place is clean and smells fresh. I like Pho So 1 too and find I prefer their broth but last few times I smelled so strongly of smoke BBQ that it was unpleasant to be that tired and can't crash into bed because I can wake myself up with the smell.I'm forgiving about Asian service. They are fast about serving in most places and then run off in their own world and you gotta wave em down for things like the check. I'm just happy to get food fast and not be held hostage waiting for a check this late and they do refill my drinks regularly enough so not gonna dock them down for the few times I needed to wave down to ask for something.
3	This place is a convenient location on Spring Mountain not too far from the strip.  A great place to go after a night out.  The inside of the restaurant is pretty spacious and better looking than the outside... which isn't impressive and the parking is frustrating because of the extremely narrow parking lot (more like a parking strip).  I usually order #13 steak & brisket noodle soup.  Their meals are decent.  Not great, but still pretty good.
4	nothing cures a hangover like a good bowl of pho! we were most definitely surprised to find good pho in vegas of all places.fairly large party, so we were separated into two tables. one group actually showed up a little later but were accommodated quickly considering it was a busy weekend lunch hour. they were also able to seat us fairly close.in addition to pho, they also serve many other vietnamese rice and noodle dishes. we also ordered the chicken wings as an appetizer. lucky for us the portions are super filling so the chicken wings ended up a great after hours snack back at the hotel room.they also have a super size which is seriously humongous! i don't remember if i saw that listed on the menu, but one of my friends was joking with the wait to super size her bf's order and the next thing you know they came out with one of the largest bowls of pho i've seen yet! too bad we didn't take a pic, it would've added to the prosthetics. but after all it is vegas! good thing the pho here is actually good, unlike the pho challenge in sf...
4	by far, the most amazing hangover pho i've ever had in my life. hands down.
3	they get the job done. they don't even have a 24 hour joint like this in the bay. what's up with that?
3	Haven't always been a big fan of pho but this place gets the job done after a weekend of heavy intoxication. Soup, in general, cures a lot for me! The regular bowl was a good size. It had just enough noodles and soup. Though it would've been better if they added more brisket and steak. Gotta love that extra meat! Waiters seemed funny here probably because I couldn't fully understand their jokes but I guess it made up for the o-k service. The extra star really belonged to the desserts I tried on my recent visit. There were these ice cream balls called exotic bomba and bomba. (Filipinos, don't get any dirty ideas!) Both were actually pretty good. The exotic bomba had a fruitier taste coated with white chocolate and the bomba had a coffee taste coated with milk chocolate. Once again, I was suckered into the sweets!
4	I love how pho kim long is open 24/7! Pot stickers are the great munchies when you're drunk after a good night of partying! I'm here all the time! :)
4	The Pho here is delicious. And you have to order the fried egg rolls. Something about Pho deeply satisfies you. Pho is good to eat when you are hungover or sick. It hits the spot. One thing I like about this place is that they are open 24 hours a day!
4	First off..you gotta eat here for the name alone. Come on? Seriously! lolSecond, it's open 24 hours a day. I mean, you can "pho kim long" 24 hours a day! Yes, I said it.Third. The food is good. I mean, everything is deeeee-lish when you're drunk at 3am after the club or stripclub. Yes, I said strip club...! Chinese food and pho...what better late night snack :xxx
2	I love Pho, but not to Pho Kim Long...I've had better! I give it 2 stars for the convenience of its operating hours.
3	This being Vegas, and if you've had too much to drink, you might think this place is equivalent to one of those post cards they hand out on the strip with a sexy girl on it wearing a skimpy outfit, with her phone number (696-9696) ready for you to call her for a "date". After all, with a name like Pho Kim Long, you might think this is the Las Vegas Chinatown equivalent to the Chicken Ranch. You might also forget that you have already slurped on the savory dishes here. Pho Kim Long is a popular Vietnamese restaurant in the heart of Chinatown. It is very large, and at lunch there are at least 10 people working here, doing a brisk business. The food is solid but not spectacular. The menu is very extensive, the ambiance clean, upscale and modern, and the service is very good. Prices are a little more than you are used to in California's Viet hot spots. They do have a lounge adjacent to it now, which I haven't tried yet. Maybe it is a Viet Cafe or classic Viet men's lounge? It might be closer to the sound of the name sake, Pho Kim Long, at least in some parton's minds.
3	LMAO! Ok, ok. Got that outta the way. But yes, the name of this place is hilarious, but the food didn't disappoint.A friend recommended this place for lunch and I was thinking, "You serious? there are more places to go to in Vegas then a Pho place" When we arrived and I saw the sign... Pho was the perfect choice. How can you not crave Pho after the name puts a smile on your face? :) So now on to the food. I got the spring rolls, which tasted fresh and better than average. Then got my combination pho with rice noodles. The broth tasted really good. Just added a little bit of the hoisin and sriracha sauce to give more kick. Service was also fast. Another plus. Open 24hrs!
5	The best pho in town. #10 Large, Egg Noodle. Yum.
5	I was introduced to this place by my little sister that lives in vegas. Thank you little sis! This place is great! great pho and it's open 24/7!! how awesome is that? Service is somewhat pretty fast. We were in vegas last weekend and we went to this place twice! good hang over food! trust me! Prices is decent, good food =)
2	The service is disappointing. This is my second time here. Eventhough I've had better Pho, I'm a creature of habit when I'm needing comfort food. Pho Kim Long is open 24/7, and both times I've dined after 1am. They were very busy both times. The Salt and Pepper Calamari was a suggestion from my waiter. It was the bomb! I decided to try the Pan Fried Cake with pork and shrimp. It comes with a heaping bowl of lettuce and fish sauce. I didn't know what to do with the lettuce. The bus boy was helpful and very friendly. We were never asked what we wanted to drink. At least we were given water. I had to call the waiter over to order a drink half way through the calamari. I ordered coconut juice which came in the coconut. I didn't have time to enjoy the generous portions of calamari and pan cake. The waiter rushed the two bowls of Pho (noodle soup) and condiments to our table. I wanted to order a dessert but the waiter dropped the check and ran off. We were seated for barely 20 minutes and were being rushed. When he came back to the table I was going to ask for dessert but he didn't give me a chance. He said abruptly, "Sorry, please pay." RUDE He stood there as I dug my credit card from my purse. I felt uncomfortable. My friend asked for boxes for the food uneaten. on our way out the door I heard our waiter rushing another table of 6 people. He mentioned something about a shift change. Then it clicked. Was he more concerned with the tip? WTH? Unlike my soft spoken self, someone at that table didn't take kindly to being rushed. With other Pho restaurants open late to choose from, I think I'll try the other late night Pho restaurants from now on. This place is just not special enough to deal with an unpleasant experience.
4	Love this place. Just took down the shrimp rolls and some pho, always good no matter what time.
5	Excellent choice!!!  I had the seafood pho....very tasty broth...the seafood was really fresh...fishcake nice and firm and tasty...not fishy...egg noodles, nice and firm....spring rolls were ok....the bbq pork was very good too....I'd definitely go there again!!!  yummmm
4	My friends are in town and wanted some broth because they were drinking til 8 in the morning. I like the soup more at Pho Saigon 8, but I don't like the beef there. This is one of the better 24 hour pho spots in town. The place was packed as usual and we got the last open table so we didn't have to wait!!I ordered Pho Tai Sach with the beef on the side. We ordered large bowls because we knew the regular bowls are tiny. I think it is $1 extra to up size.  The broth tasted ok but was not enough as it is needed for people who order beef on the side. The give a good amount of beef and it is sliced ok.I ordered a Thai Iced Tea w/boba to drink. The boba was a little under cooked. Good attempt by a vietnamese restaurant though.
5	My favorite Vietnamese restaurant here in Vegas. Great prices and service is really quick. Food is tasty as well. And most of all, 24 hours!!
4	We came here at 3am and I ordered the same thing I did the other day... Pho Tai Sach with the beef on the side. The broth tasted much better this time. I wonder if the time of day makes a difference of how the broth will be. Maybe it depends on what day you come. I dunno... It was however steaming hot this time.
4	Food:I was honestly, pleasantly surprised. I didn't think I'd find good pho out in the desert, but this place wasn't bad at all! It was not greasy, good broth, and had good portions. It was a little pricier than average, but what isn't more expensive in Vegas? Good cure for partying too hard the night before for sure! Venue:CLEAN! I really care about cleanliness especially of restaurants that are usually pretty dirty. It was pretty decorated for a pho restaurant haha.
4	Pho-Kim-Long.  Read it again.Pho-Kim-Long.  Read it faster.Pho-Kim-Long.  (Ok that was fun).Joking aside, this place has pretty good Pho.  I'd def come back again.  It's also open 24/7.  A good place to stop by at 2am in the morning.
4	Best Pho spot to get late, late munch after a long night at the Casinos.  Expect a wait, but it will be worth it.  Clean and fast service.
4	I would have never knew about this place if my friend hadn't introduced me. My friend Annalisa took my friends and I here since we wanted something cheap and something different than what was on the strip. It is in a little plaza in Chinatown. From the outside, it looked like a typical Vietnamese restaurant, but once I stepped inside it was totally different. It was very spacious and clean. I am very picky when it comes to Vietnamese food and I quite surprised when I came here. It was a little pricey, but the quality of food and the atmosphere made up for it.My friends and I were greeted and seated immediately  upon arrival. As we were looking through the menu, I was very indecisive about which item to choose. Everything looked so good! I finally came to a decision and ordered the Hu Tieu. I was content with my decision. The bowl it came in looked very small and deceiving, but as I was working my way through the bowl I could not finish it. The broth was very clear and tasty. It was so appetizing that I kept wanting to eat more but my stomach couldn't hang.
1	First, Saigon 8 is much better. The bathroom smells like a petting zoo at Kim Long, and there were roaches on the floor. The parking is crowded and it smells like an armpit. Trust me, I've been to many pho places in garden grove and Westminster and this place is schwag. Also, you'll like what happened there: There is a nice looking girl at the front (employee) that drives an expensive benz, and my buddy quietly said "oh, that's a nice looking girl". Nobody at my table cared and our conversation moved on to gambling talk. Then, the bus boy strolled up to our table and instead of asking if everything was alright, rudely said "how do you know my fiance, and why are you talking about her". I almost started laughing because a thought it was a joke, but the guy was mad. I walked up to the manager and expressed my concern, then I asked the girl why her fiance was bugging us. She said she is not engaged, and definitely not to the bus boy, lol. Then mysteriously the bus boy became silent and disappeared. The kitchen cleared out like there was going to be a fight, in fact the waiter called them up front like an old kung fu movie. It was disrespectful to all the customers, my table, the girl, and embarrassing to mgmt and the bus boy. What a weird place, I also think he might have thought we were talking about the girl because my fiend's name is genny and maybe that was her name, but what a bunch of foolishness. Either way, if you are not trying out for a kung fu movie where you have to fight the whole staff, I suggest going elsewhere. This is not the best pho, and they are not the best listeners. They are quick to judge. It smells and has bugs. I will be sure to only stop here if I have to take a dump.
1	Yo yo, this is 'Genny' (short for General, not Jennifer!) from Ed's review.  Ok, the pho is good I thought.  They hook up the meat and I gotta get my protein, so I liked the place.  Its been a tradition to hit up phokimlong every time we go to vegas, mostly cuz the name is funny.  'Yo lets go phokimlong!'But this tradition is gettin the BAN.  We've seen the pretty girl that works there before, but this time when we went, we didnt see her.  We ordered, ate, then I went to go pee.  I get back, and my homie says 'hey genny theres your girl'.  Cool, I was gonna say what up when we left.  Note that nothing disrespectful was said!But then little asian gumby the BUSBOY had to come and butt in our convo.  Now if you're gonna step up, step up correct.  He comes in with his head down, whispering 'why you talkin about my fiance?'  Then he just leaves.  I barely heard what he said, so I was like is dude serious?  I was gonna let it slide and talk to pretty girl when we left, but big homie Bolo Eddie had to go see what was up with gumby, and thats when the managers got scared and started callin the mexis workin in the back to come in.  I went with him, so it killed my chance with talkin to homegirl :(So my ratings are:Food: 4 - lots of meat, meatballs are pretty bombService: NEGATIVE 5 - busboy, stick to refilling water and cleanin up dishesCleanness: 1 - not the cleannest place, we're not in viet anymoreWell I'm bout to get off work now, so I'll end this.  To the pretty girl, if you see this, I was the dude with the Coolio hair, how are you doin?  Hit me up sometime :)
1	I brought a friend here to have him experience a real Vietnamese meal. We're both out-of-towners, and I was trying to remember the location of the Pho 8 place another friend had taken me to, but settled for Pho Kim Long.BIG MISTAKE. We asked for a fairly standard dish we couldn't find on the menu, Ga xao sa, lemongrass chicken. There was no lemongrass in it, and they charged about double what all other places charge for the dish. We asked for Cafe Sua Da, and they prepared it in the back and brought it to us in styrofoam cups! No on- the-table filters!Stick to Pho 8. Its the real deal. This place has a nice build-out, but the food leaves much to be desired.
4	Good food with great service!!! And it's open 24hrs!
5	best PHO IN VEGAS
1	Not the best pho place, I went here with a pho connoisseur and we both walked away dissapointed. The thing I remember most was the darker brown broth with strong clove flavors that I didn't enjoy. Still looking for great pho in vegas.
3	This 24 hour place is great. While visiting Vegas with my friends and feeling we didn't want to spend too much, we headed over to this place. The pho noodles are pretty good, though I have had better. Regardless of this little fact this place hits the spot when you have a very late night in Sin City. There's just something about a hot bowl of pho when you are very drunk in Vegas.The egg rolls are very good. Crunchy and tasty, the sauce on the other hand it's not the best for me, but I'm sure someone out there will love it.This place always seems to have a line during it's late night operations. Which is understandable, considering that the waiting staff is down to either 1 or 2 people and they are running around like mad to cater to 9-12 different tables with each having a party of 3-7.The atmosphere and decor is rather simple, nothing chic or upscale. Just your basic run of the mill Vietnamese restaurant. I think I would still go back to this place mostly for tradition, since my friends and I have gone here in all of our Vegas trips.
5	Went there last night with Fellow yelper @Phillipe Gomez.  And the food was stellar once again.  We ordered old reliable #12 Pho, consisting of rare steak and brisket.  And orders of Salt and pepper pork, and a beef cube dish.  And as always the food came out quick and was delicious.I have been going here since 06 and can say that this place is always up to snuff, after all night of binge drinking this place is great to satisfy your hungers. highly recommended go there next time your in Vegas...or ill punch you in the face
4	I found the after party guys! It's at Pho Kim Long! Ok, I will probably have to re-visit this review because when I was here, I was intoxicated and I seriously thought that my food was heavent sent. So, for now, we'll go off my only experience...Love this place for the fact that it's open late, service is fast, and the food was perfect (for being in my condition, atleast). My girlfriend ordered a beef and broccoli dish which I was eating off her plate - GOOD, I had combination pho of some sort - GOOD. For these reasons, I am def'ly going back. Yes, my food was additionally delicious b/c I had a few drinks in, but friends and family have gone here several times and raved about the food, so, I am sure it would be just as good sober.FINAL ANSWER: I found my pho place in Las Vegas! Def'ly must come here especially after a night out drinking.
4	For a place that is open 24-hours, this place actually serves up some pretty delicious chinese/vietnamese grub (even when you are sober and eating it for lunch). Pretty good pho tai, can't complain. My lunch buddies enjoyed their grilled chicken over rice and chicken porridge dishes as well. Decent food, good prices, open all night. And come on.. the name of this place is just... fun to say. Pho-kim-long time, baby!!
4	Yay VEGAS!!!!!  Late night pho = the best munchies you can get while drunk from drinking in your hotel room, lol.But seriously, I really love exploring the local side of Vegas.  This was definitely one of them, although I felt most of the people inside were all tipsy from the night earlier.  I was very excited to see that this was 24 hours because pho is my late night choice for food.Everytime I try a pho place I usually get their combo pho.  In this case, for about $7.99 I got a medium sized bowl of pho with some meat in it.  I wish the bowl was larger, and that the broth would have more flavor to that.  In my opinion, it was a bit plain.  However, the servers here were very nice, and got us our food right away after ordering.I would come back to try some of the non pho items on the menu, which looked plentiful.  Four stars for being opened 24 hours and catering to the needs of drunk tourists and friendly locals.Parking is located outside in the plaza, but is limited.  However, street parking is everywhere.
2	I guess you people never had real Vietnamese food before. The food tastes like it came straight out of an instant noodle pack and the service is atrocious!
4	Awesome food. Service is ok but ultra fast. My rice noodle soup arrived in 2 minutes. Overall it's worth the short drive from the strip.
3	just OK. the pho dac biet lacked tripe, etc. decent broth. other diners said other dishes were a tad spicy. still, it totally hit the spot, and i would probably go again, after trying many of the other pho spots within blocks. solid pho, but nothing gastonomical.
4	everything in this place is good i could tell this was so from the locals that were hanging  out there and the flow of of people that were coming in after 1 am. not bad for being a couple of blocks off the Las Vegas strip.
4	I'm going to open a Pho Restaurant called Pho-5-6 and I would serve a bowl of Pho, with your choice of 5 different meats (choose one) all for 6 bucks. But that dream is still a long way away. In the meantime, I'm going to Pho Kim Long.They serve a full menu, but you've got to get a bowl of Pho. All of them are tasty (sober or drunk - most reviews are from the drunk point of view).I tend to go at 1pm rather than 1am and the service is speedy, the bathrooms are clean, and the food is tasty.They are open 24hrs a day - enjoy.
4	Good PHO!!  Nothing crazy in the soup and very consistent.  My favorite place in Vegas to eat pho!!  The restaurant is clean and is open late!  Great for late night eats or take out!  Gui Cuon are very yummy!!All in all, I have never had a bad meal here.  Although there nuoc mum could use a little love.  Perhaps some lime juice etc...
5	the best after hours PHO place in VEGAS!!!!I had the Pho Thai and it was amazing!!!ha ha the Kalbi was awesome too.I've never eaten at a place that cuts the Kalbi off of the bone.  That definitely made me want to go back!Of course don't forget the spring rolls! They were awesome..I really only eat a few things when I go to a Vietnamese restaurant. So from what I had I loved!
1	So the first few times I went here the food blew me away. I loved it but the service was horrible so we never tip. When they get us seated they just point and leave. Its like they just slam the water and plates as if they was being rude on purpose. Sometimes we would get 3 waiters and they were all rude. We won't even be done eating and they throw us a check without a word as if they want us to leave already. My fiance and I became regulars coming to this restaurant and they probably remember us coz everytime I come here the food gets smaller and smaller. I guess theres a SIZE IN THERE SOUP bowls which is small, medium, or large. They never tell you that they just asume you want small. But when we ask for large they never told us there was a extra charge. the first time I ate here the soup was so cheap and it could feed 2 people. Last night when I ate there it was smaller. I'm not coming here again. The food already pays for itself but the service won't let you come back.
2	Overpriced and could taste a lot better. For what you're paying, your plate should be covered with food, especially for a vietnamese restaurant. The Pho broth was salty and not flavorful like pho broth should be, portion was small for the price, and their fried rice was extremely bland...very disappointing. Their service was kind of sucky too. Only good thing about this place is that it's open 24/7 and it will help with your pho cravings but if you have other choices and instincts, go with it.
4	Fried rice? Delicious !!!!! Try the Shrimp noodle phong too!! The food was great plus it's open 24 hours.. great for a late night grub :)
4	Besides the fact that the name of this place said 5 times fast always sends me in a fit of (totally immature) giggles, I have always enjoyed my meals here during almost every trip I've made to Vegas.  Their menu is huge, the service is fast, ingredients fresh, and the prices totally reasonable. Also, if I'm not in the mood for pho, they have both vermicelli bowls and porridge (with century egg!!!!!) that I can partake in.  Also, their egg rolls are perfectly light, not too greasy deliciousness.  It's a no-fuss, no-muss pho place that has not disappointed.
3	Friends from So Cal were visiting and wanted to come here.  One of them is a FOB Vietnamese (she calls herself that!) and has dined here before.  Her boyfriend also loves the place and so do I, so we had lunch yesterday.I had the Beef Fried Rice, she had I the Sweet & Sour Pork Chops, and I don't know what her boyfriend had, but it looked good.  All of the dishes were excellent.  We didn't leave hungry, that's for sure!The only strike against this place is that the servers here seem so unfriendly.  They don't say hello, have a mean look on their face all the time, and when my friend asked for chopsticks, the server gave her a mean look and pointed to the chopsticks on the table....she obviously didn't see it, but it was the way he handled it that was shocking.  The funny part is that she's Vietnamese, so you would think they would treat Gringo's like that, but not their own....whatever.  They only get 3 Stars because of the service.Will I return?  Pho-gettah 'bout it, of course!
4	Nom, nom... This place is a favorite to me and many friends, I really haven't been here many times where I haven't run into someone I know!  They have a large menu which makes it hard for me to choose, while others may find this attractive.  Food is good, my three favorite options are the spicy eggplant without meat & cilantro, the veggie fried rice w/out eggs, or the tofu spring rolls, and a must have is a fresh young coconut !I like this place also because the hours are convenient, its close to the strip, and there is ample seating.  None of the Pho is Vegan or Veggie based so I haven't tried it but all of my friends say wonderful things,  Oh yeah and I live their chili sauce its really tasty.  The service:  it has heart, but isn't always the best.  Side note: I once ordered the hot & sour soup, I would strongly advise against it, looked like gelatin and smelled like my dogs food, they were so kind when they saw my reaction they just took it back no questions asked.
4	You gotta love the name "pho kim long" time lol... The decor here is better than any Vietnamese restaurant I've ever been too and to match the food is top notch! Great place to cure your hangover in Vegas. It's also open 24hrs!!!
4	I prefer the pho at Pho Kim Long over any other pho restaurant in Las Vegas. Very inexpensive and delish! I don't feel overly full and stuffed. I feel healthy leaving. I've never ordered anything but pho #10. Soooo good!!
1	Came here around 2am on Saturday after gambling at Bellagio. and starving. The pho here SUCKS. I can make better ones using the pho broth that comes in a can. I ordered the pho tai and the meat tasted like paper, actually maybe a piece of paper would of had more taste. The broth sucks, and so did the noodles. I also ordered the cha gio and instead of using the viet rice paper to wrap it, they used the chinese style egg roll wrapper. Never would I come back here again. Not even when I'm starving! Worse pho place ever on earth!
2	The food was alright, but the service...not so much AT ALL.We came in here with a group of 7 (they add on 17%  gratuity to the bill for groups of 5 or more). They sat us at a big round table and we had to wait about 20 minutes just to get our orders taken. We got the food pretty fast, but we were completely ignored after that. One of the girls in the group literally had to walk up to one of the workers just so she could order another order of eggrolls since no one was going back to our table. That second order of eggrolls probably took about 30 minutes to get to the table, which made no sense at all considering the first order only took like 5 minutes. After we were all done and waiting there for a longtime for someone to give us our check, we had to go up and ask the cashier for it, so they finally dropped it off at our table. Even after we put the money down on it, we still had to walk up to the cashier to give it to him.I have no idea wth was up with this place. We were the biggest group there and not one server was attending to us. This place wasn't exactly full either. Again, the food was okay, but the service was pretty bad. Will not come again.
4	this place is simply the best. the pho was not bad at all, it was delicious and served in a big portion. the service was fairly fast for a family of 9. they didnt give out enough cups of water though, so we had to ask them some more. the price is cheap for being in las vegas. location was off the strip but it was not a problem since we drove. we went back here again on the day we left vegas just because the food was sooo good!
4	Since I had access to a car the past trip, my buddies and I wanted some good ol asian food to nurse our wounded livers on a saturday morning. What else to do that than some Pho or some rice plates!  Just a short drive down Spring Mtn Road, Pho Kim Long is in the heart of Chinatown.I opted for a rice plate since I wasn't in the mood for Pho while is 100 outside. The grilled pork, pork skin, and egg dish hit the spot. Nothing fancy, just down to earth good viet eats. It wasn't the best ive had since i'm spoiled with good viet food at home but it sure hit the spot.The service was attentive and the place was clean. This is quite strange for a Pho restaurant, a clean one? Total dmg was around $50 for 5 people with tax/tip included, not too shabby at all
4	Pho in LV? Yessiree bob! I had the Pho Ga w/ white chicken pieces. So So SO So SOOOO good. Yes, I have been to garden grove, and we went with Vietnamese people. This place was a really good pho place, and pho is the perfect hangover food. You know I will definiltey be visiting here again when I am in Vegas!!! Everyone else had the regular Pho Dac Biet, which was good. Portions were a nice size too. Oh AND they are opening a Lee's Sandwich right next door. Holla!Yummilicious Factor = A
2	If the food does not make you sick, the customer service will!This place is really a 1.5 stars for me, but I'm going to round up for these guys.  The hostess in the front desk was pretty cool, but not the rest of the staff.  Sadly that is about the only good thing I can say about this place.  Now on to the rest of the review.I visited this place because I was in the mood for some pho and happen noticed this place while driving by.  Dropped in and the first thing was the massive waiting line to be seated.  There were lots of people waiting outside too.  Waiting outside on a HOT summer day is not fun.  After 30 minutes of waiting, we were finally called and seated.  This is where everything started to go down hill from here.We were seated and we knew what we wanted because we were looking over the menu while we were waiting, so we ordered a coconut drink, the regular pho bowl and spring rolls.  The server wrote that down on his notepad and just disappeared.  We waited for at least 30 minutes and not one single item we ordered arrive on our table.  We then started to notice people that were seated after us got their order and they were chomping away.  After about 40 minutes of wait time I was wondering how long it takes to make just a simple coconut drink.  Are they sending a monkey to climb up a coconut tree to retrieve the coconut or something?We finally saw our waiter and asked him to check on our order and he returned back to us to let us know they were out of spring rolls, therefore they did not make the pho or the coconut drink.  The thing was, the server said it in a way where it was OUR fault that we ordered something they ran out of and that's why they couldn't complete our order.  I just don't understand how when they ran out of one item that is no way related to the other items on the order could prevent the entire order to be made.  It's not like it was a combo or something.  I understand if I ordered a #1 at Mc Donalds and they tell me they ran out of fries, then I would order something else, not make me wait 30 minutes and tell me they are out of fries therefore they can't make the burger.  I really wanted to tell the server to GTFO here cause there is no way you run out of spring rolls in a Vietnamese pho restaurant.  It's the second most popular dish right after pho.  Its like a chinese restaurant running out of rice.  This is a MEGA CATASTROPHIC EPIC FAIL.  The food finally arrived after putting in our order the second time, but the coconut drink did not.  I was about to take off my shoes and go out back to get the coconut down from the tree myself.  The pho dish was OK to average at best!  After waiting 45 minutes of waiting I have the right to have high expectations.  The size of the bowl was really small.  I wonder if they gave us the kids size bowl by mistake.  I can't believe they charge $8 for this kid size bowl of pho.  I can get a bowl of pho that is twice the size for $5-$6 at home!  The coconut drink finally arrived about halfway into finishing our food.  The drink was meh.  In the end, the food was average, but the customer service just left a really bitter taste in my mind.  People think it is a good thing that they are open 24 hours.  No guys, that is not a good thing, they are there to FAIL 24 hrs a day.  Would you like to go to a place that fails 8-10 hrs a day or 24 hrs?  I personally would rather go to a place that FAILS less.
3	I am giving it three stars because the pho is pretty good, and decent price but the service is bad, we gave them money and it took them more than 10 minutes to come back with our change..The other reviewers were right, the servers were kind of rude, but we did get free water, next time I'm going somewhere else to get my pho!
3	I really wish I went here late at night than for lunch.The wait is pretty long.  Their broth wasn't too bad.I liked how they decorated the place.  It doesn't look like your typical vietnamese pho restaurant and the servers are dressed up as well.Here's a tip: when you sign in, I'd advise waiting around in the restaurant because if they call your name and you're not there, you're pretty much out of luck.
4	The name provides for endless jokes. Kind of awesome. It's open 24 hours. More awesome. Having lived in Los Angeles, I have enjoyed Pho at many establishments...so many that I couldn't keep up with yelping.In any case, the food was good, not great, but certainly good. I ordered the pho combination. No tripe or tendons, sorry to my friends who eat anything and everything like me.  Plenty of meat. Usually pho joints tend to skimp on the meat. Got a nice portion in my bowl.The broth isn't as flavorful as some other places I've tried in Los Angeles, but it was still decent. Best in Vegas.Now the part of the review where I look like an asshole, but it's meant to be constructive. My water glass was never re-filled. (cue waaaahh) It wasn't super busy, and pho makes me thirsty for ice cold water...oh well. I'm sure I will try other pho joints up and down spring mountain and elsewhere, but this was a good start.
3	Everyone loves Pho Kim Long. Or is it that everyone loves to say the name? In any case, this place gets a lot of traffic.As for me, I haven't been here since December of 2008. Back then, I really wasn't into pho. Since then, I've been to quite a few places. While I'm still no expert, I obviously know what I like. I've been meaning to return so that I can properly evaluate this restaurant.Simply put, PKL is A-OK. Their pho satiates the appetite. Their broth is pretty good and the rest of the ingredients complement the soup nicely. Unfortunately, they do not serve tripe, which for me is a bummer. However, they do have that "home made" style chili sauce that I strangely prefer over plain old Sriracha. There's nothing wrong with Sriracha of course; I'm just weird like that.One thing that PKL has going for it is the decor. Places like Pho So 1 make better pho but are completely devoid of any personality. You would never confuse PKL with a diner. That's really not that important to me though.In the end, it's all about the pho. In that case, PKL is good enough, especially when no other place is open.
3	Came here my 2nd time this past early Sunday morning at around 3AM after clubbing.TRY TO AVOID COMING HERE AT THAT TIME!!Horrible service!!When we got there, we had a group of about 10-15 people. We were seated quickly. However, right after, the place was PACKED & way under staffed. You would think they'd have more people working..We waved our hands around to get the server's attention for a good 30 minutes. They'd avoid making eye contact when we tried to flag them down -_- when they finally took our order, it took about 20 minutes for our food to be brought out.So if you're looking for a quick bite after partying, don't come here.The other time I came here was for lunch and it wasn't as bad.Overall the pho is good. Price is decent, I think its about $6-7 for a pho tai.
3	You will definitely find Authentic Pho when visiting Pho Kim Long. I recommend eating here if you're not in the mood for buffets or if you had way too many drinks last night.The rating for this place can fluctuate from 3 stars to 4 stars. It really depends on how fresh your bowl of pho comes out. I've had one great experience and one OK experience when visiting Las Vegas. The rule of thumb when eating Pho is to avoid going at night (the soup taste better in the morning / early afternoon).Pho - 3.5 / 5 starsEgg Rolls are not that great. They're not fresh here.  The restaurant makes them in advance and re-fry them when they receive an order. 2. 5 / 5 Stars
4	Pho Kim Long is the place to go after an exhausting weekend at Vegas.  Nothing satisfies that deep beast of a hunger that's been culminating after the extreme dehydration from 5+ hours of dancing and alcohol than this place.  And I never crave pho.  ONLY AFTER VEGAS.I keep it simple by ordering the pho w/ rare steak.  My friend always gets the spring rolls which comes with a delicious peanut sauce.  The thai iced tea is also bomb.  This place is our tradition before driving home.  Always!
3	Good place to eat after a hard night of drinking.Pho Tai is pretty good (from what I remember).Cheap. Well all pho is cheap haha.Service, if that's what you wanna call it, is pretty much nonexistent. They take your order & bring your food... and that's about it. A friend ordered duck and it had that bad smell and they took forever to make it & bring it out - we were pretty much done with our meals by the time it was out.I wish this place was closer to the strip so that we can walk here. Usually we have to take a taxi  =\.
3	Been here a few times, and the Pho still tastes all right. Because I'm not a Las Vegas resident, I would not know if this place was great compared to other Vegas Pho restaurants. If I were to compare the Pho to Southern California  Vietnamese restaurants, then it would NOT be ranked that high....and it was pretty expensive for a bowl of Pho ($6-8)To LV locals: what's YOUR favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas??
5	Pho Kim Long is the place to go after clubin, love the noodles & their spring rolls which comes with a delicious peanut sauce.
4	The best thing about this place is the fact that it opens 24 hours. We had the pho and the summer rolls with shrimp. Both were good, this is definitely the place to go for early morning breakfast.
2	The food here wasn't spectacular. I feel like I've had better pho back in LA. I guess it's a good break from all the Vegas food that one typically eats when visiting. I had the vermicelli noodles with BBQ pork and egg rolls. It was good but again, nothing amazing. We ordered egg rolls for appetizers too but I feel that they were a little expensive. It was 4 egg rolls for $6 or $7. The service wasn't too great. It's the service you'd expect from an Asian restaurant. Impersonal and sometimes difficult to get the waiters' attention. They automatically charge a 18% gratuity for parties of 5 or more. That's a lot of tip for a small party. And I feel that they don't even do a lot to deserve that much tip. They take your order and serve your food. They don't refill your water automatically and they tend to ignore you if they can!
3	Good pho. I like the 11. Very clean. Friendly staff. The vegitables are always so fresh. I haven't really strayed far from the #11 to be honest. I love it. The prices are cheap and the quality is better than expected for how little it cost. Then again how much can broth and spouts be?I mean really how can you go wrong with a place pronounced fu kim long?
1	HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE experience for my family and I when we ate there. We had a total of 11 people, so they had to split us up (we weren't allowed to move the tables closer together). So the breakdown was 5 people at one table (the table I was a part of) and 6 at the other. My table only had a total of 3 orders (I shared with another and one of us wasn't hungry, but just wanted to hang out). Anyways, in the end they combined our orders (even though we were at separate tables and weren't able to talk to each other). As a result, the imposed gratuity was much more expensive. I walked up and complained that they should split up the order into two separate transactions. They gave me attitude since I was adamant about it. WHEN MY TABLE GOT OUR RECEIPT OF JUST 3 ORDERS, THEY STILL CHARGED US GRATUITY!!!! I was at my breaking point but my friends persuaded me to let them go. Other nuisances:- Some people at the table ate there before. They have always had pickled onions. This time when we asked for them, the waiters claimed that the restaurant never had them. Liars.- My cousin asked if they had different sizes and they said, "No." Later on, he found out that his friend was able to order a small. Liars.I reside in Little Saigon, California. All I can say is that the food is mediocre for the price offered (around $6-8). Here, a delicious bowl of pho could sell for $4 for a large.As a result, for mediocre food that's a little bit too pricey compared to other pho places, the disgraceful service just tops it all for being BLACKLISTED on my list of "Restaurants That Aren't Worth It."
3	I've been here a few times. After the club and work after midnight.  Pho is good. I like the fact its only as good as you prepare it (adding the vegetables and condiments). You get a decent size bowl. The service isn't that friendly but lightning fast. We ordered spring rolls and they were there. Wow I was impressed. Food wasn't impressive but good especially for late night.
3	It is and will always be that late night restaurant that is super fast, semi lively, and satisfying. This place has totally surpassed its name by remotely being called "F**cking Long" by many. It utterly appears to me as having one of the quickest service.. almost as fast as McDonalds.Since I first came to this place, the quality of the restaurant itself had changed dramatically.. only for the good though! Since the management changed a couple of times, the cleanliness of the environment had skyrocketed. There used to be an open area seafood, like the tanks you would see at 99 Ranch or any other Asian market, which was cool and all, but they got rid of it and added an extra table. The drinking water (thank god) was also one of the many things that they had switched around! Oh yea, I think they charge on soda refills, so beware!Of course, for food, you would most likely end up ordering the Pho whether it would be the soup or rice noodles, for example, the common  Pho Dac Biet (combination noodles). Sadly, they're kind of mean with the meatballs :( I would only see one floating around. On the other hand, also try the charbroiled pork chop, that one is pretty bomb as well. Girls, if you're looking for some Viet men or some late night attention, they would gladly tend to your needs and ignore majority of the customers. Don't forget, if there are other groups of girls who come in who, lets say, came back from clubbing, you would immediately become one of the rejectees and may have some difficulty getting employee attention. Real shit, they kind of flirt way too much. I know it's common elsewhere but sometimes.. I just want to eat my food and be treated equally! :\
5	Change the M to an N, say it fast and you get Pho-kin long! lolUsually when I am in Vegas, I eat on the strip; but our gambling adventures in Vegas last weekend left us craving for some comfort food.  Comfort food = pho!  We stumbled upon Pho Kim Long after a little drive and our party of 6 was seated immediately!  I know Vegas is a city that doesn't sleep, but even at 12:30 am and 5 minutes away from the strip, this place was still pretty busy!  After eating here, I understand why!  The pho quality is so good!  The soup is delicious and the service is excellent!  Yes!  And actual pho establishment with great service!  Their portions are the perfect size and it comes out fast!  My taste buds were pleasantly surprised.  This place is so good, I plan on visiting again the next time I'm in Vegas.  In the meantime, if you are in Vegas and need some comfort food, come here and check it out!!  You won't be disappointed!
3	not the greatest pho ive had but the best ive had in vegas.  used to be a pho so 1 regular but now a pho kim long fan.  the service at pho kim long is actually better.
4	Great late night Chinese and Vietnamese place in Vegas.  Got into town at close to midnight and my friend suggested this place.  Its in the Chinatown area off the strip not to far from the Rio hotel.  Knew it would be good, being one of the few white people in the place and it did not disappoint.Had their BBQ pork appetizer which was great, good quality.  Then had a couple of beef dishes, Mongolian beef and the cubed beef.  Both great.  Place got the food out pretty fast too.  This place makes great Chinese food, definitely worth leaving the strip for.The pho is supposed to be awesome and I plan on having that next time.
2	The pho is alright. Seems like if you ask for a large they just give you more soup. Bad service. I had asked for a refill & the waiter cleaned two tables right in front of me & still didn't get me a refill. Asked again & cleaned three more tables & yet still didn't get me a refill. Ended up asking another waiter for a refill.
4	This is the only pho place i go to when i'm in Vegas. It can get packed during lunch and after club hours but you get seated pretty quick. The place is pretty big with lots of tables.Their pho is good. There are many reviews about it below so...Since i always get pho, i wanted to try something different. I tried their hu tieu dac biet and it was not good. It was just couple pieces of meat, seafood, fish balls in soup loaded with msg that u can taste.BUTtheir bun bo hue is surprisingly delicious. I love the fact that it comes with so many veggies/herbs. Their broth isn't red like some places. You get the chile paste thing on the side to make it spicier and red. Next time i'm in Vegas, i will definitely get bun bo hue again.
4	Went last night Sunday labor day weekend , restaurant was busy , not expecting much in service been too lots of Asian places if u don't speak the language u get ignored, well kudos  to wait staff for being attentive . Ordered fried calamari little salty for me, house noodles very good, chix Hainan good, char broiled beef good will go back and try the pho
4	Pho Kim Long may not look special on the outside but once you open the doors you'll see the nice earthy decoration and will be greated immediately with a smile.  Service is fast and the place is always clean.  The menu has a variety of Pho and other types of yummy foods.There tofu spring roll with peanut sauce is creamy and delicious.  Hong Kong style pan fried noodles with beef, bok choy and carrots #57 is my favorite!  The food is always fresh and the place is always busy.This is one of my favorite noodle houses in Vegas.  Oh before I forget another cool thing about this place - it's open 24 hours!  How cool is that!Oh and another plus is this restaurant listens to 98.5 KLUC!  Whoo-Hoo!
5	In Vegas, this is "as good as it gets" if you are craving some Asian food late at night after the clubs. Open super late. Warm soup really hits the spot at 4am in Vegas. You can't find anything this authentic on the strip at 4am. On a recent Vegas trip, I went with 4 other Vietnamese girls and they took me here two nights in a row. The first night I tried the pho and the second night I tried the banh canh cua (large noodles in soup with crabmeat and fish cake). They have a wide selection and everything is reasonably priced. Yuuumy!
3	I've always heard from numerous people say that this place was the best place for pho. On a Friday night me and a group of girls decided to come after clubbin at TAO, after dropping the drunkies back off at the hotel we headed to Pho Kim Long! We didn't get here till around 4:30am and to my surprise this place was pretty packed, but they still had a couple of tables open. Parking around this place looked pretty decent.The pho was pretty good and is always good when you're still drunk or if you have a hangover! The rice plates here are also pretty good! Prices are comparable to that of the prices we have in SF for pho. The service was good, all the waiters were super nice! Overall the pho was good, but I've had better before.Note: Ask one of the waiters to call a cab for you if you didn't drive here, because you cannot flag down taxis on the street. They will not stop because they can't pick people up off the streets, or you can wait for a taxi to enter the parking lot.
4	This is the place 2 go after u've been drinking & dancing all nite long... I'm so glad they're open til the wee hours! It's not a very clean place but the food here is great! I get either the pho tai or grilled porkchops on rice. The food always comes out fast, so u're in n out quickly, just in time.
3	Everytime I'm in Vegas and I want Pho I come here. But it's weird cuz I don't eat the pho. I usually come here when I'm about to leave Vegas and don't eat the pho because I don't want to stop on the way home (to OC) so I get non-water based food. Last time I got the vermicilli with meat & eggrolls. It was okay, I had better ones. I didn't like how they put the Americanized bag salad as the veggies in the dish. Then the last weekend I got the rice & pork chops. The pork chops tasted weird, it had this nasty taste after only on the sides and the part with the fat. It was not a good pork dish. ugh. they also put that fake american salad on the side and not like a real lettuce & cucumber like the real pho places in california.anyways, I heard the pho was good, so come here for pho and not the rice dishes or the vermicilli.
4	I'm very much on the same line of Matt S. reviews.What the PHO do you want out of a 24 hour place? It's food, it's decent. It sops up your drinks. Sure not the best pho out there, but comparing it to daytime good places and moreso places in California where I'm from is just setting myself up for never having a good night. Don't get pho then if you're a pho expert or love broth. I don't get it much, it's broth is just not consistent enough for me after having it a few times.  If I want soup, I get another kind or some congee. I think the other offerings are tasty and much better options. I tend to come here to get bun, rice plates or simple Chinese veggie dishes. Last night after some strong ales, the bun with bbq pork, eggrolls and shrimp cakes (added on) hit the spot. I think their bbq has great flavor and pretty damn good actually. If they took out the Pho and just stayed as Kim Long, I think it actually would be a solid restaurant. What brings them down in rep  is their namesake. Most people get it and had better. SKIP the Pho, but it is a definite late night GO for other offerings.
4	I am a pho-natic! I love the steamy broth with rice noodles, scallions, cilanto, bean sprouts and meat choices. That being said, I have tried other vietnamese food restaurants and some broths are overpowering. I happened upon Pho Kim Long by driving up Spring Mountain in the Chinatown area and decided to give it a try.We are greeted usually immediately, seated at a table, and given menus. The floorspace is open, a mix of 4top tables and larger round family size tables. We are quickly brought water while we look at the menu.We normally order pho tai (rare steak slices that quickly cook in the hot broth) or pho tai nam (rare steak with well done flank) along with chinese broccoli and garlic. It averages taking 5-10 minutes to get our soup and a few minutes more to get our broccoli. Fruit smoothies with tapioca are available, as well as fresh coconut drinks, soda, juices, and asian style beverages. The menu is extensive with various dishes, noodles, rice, beef, seafood, chicken and vegetarian entrees. The spring rolls are fresh and tasy! I come here often, and need to branch out on the menu!
4	Yes there is such a thing as a Pho Emergency. Example: You have a cold, it's 2am and all you want in the WORLD is a hot, steaming bowl of pho. And some Thai Iced tea with boba.  And in those situations, thank GOD there's Pho Kim Long. OPEN 24 HOURS A DAY!!!  Heaven. Their pho is perfect. The thai iced tea with boba is also perfect. There's lots more I want to try. This was my first time there, and all I can say is it's JUST what I needed and I will most DEFINITELY be back.I would have given 5 stars but all I've had there so far is pho and it was a bit pricey for pho. But tastewise I have no complaints, and a 24-hour vietnamese restaurant?...well that's not something you see just anywhere. Viva Las Vegas.
4	Not sure if this place is related to the Pho Kim Long in San Jose but I came here kinda expecting the same.. However, the service here is waaaaaay better & the pho is just as good! Perfect soupiness & proportions for after a night out.  I got the pho tai with the meat raw on the side so I can cook it myself in the soup (I HATE when it gets overcooked).  My bowl was about $6.. what a deal! My only complaint with this place is the smell.  I'd give it a 5 star if it weren't for the wet towel smell that fills the air. Oh, & it's open 24 hours!
4	Phokim long the lines were not. Phokim good the food was. Phokim amazeballs service. I'm straight talking like a phokim asian Yoda, I am.I had chicken pho and strong iced coffee. Shared spring rolls with my girlfriends. Everything was fresh, the dining area is huge and comfortable and everyone is super nice. Cheap eats since it's a locals place. I would have never ventured into this side of town if it wasn't for the phokim amazing app known as yelp.
3	I first heard about this infamous "Pho " house from my hubby, we laughed about the name, and said only in Vegas...My son said, "this place has a controversial name...", LOL. (we didn't think he'd notice)Normally, I don't leave the Casinos, not even to eat.     = OBut, we were on our way out, so we stopped here. (we obviously lost and were eating cheap...)   = (I have to say I didn't know what to expect, vietnamese hooters girls, "would you like spring roll mister?!?", while playing sleazy porno music...bada bow bow... (my lame try at cheesy porn music), dimly lit with sticky tables. But I figured, yes, I've gotta see this place for myself. (I'm crajee like that) (Korean for crazy)It is located in an Asian strip mall, packed parking lot, so watch out, if you know what I mean...  ; pThe place is actually pretty decent inside, it has obviously been expanded from it's original layout. Looks like your typical Chinese family style restaurant. Thank goodness there were other kids in the restaurant... there could of been a screeching of disco records as we walked in with our 12 yr old... As soon as we walked in we were greeted and taken to a table and given menus. I love Thai Iced Tea and Thai Iced Coffee.... (ask for extra half and half on the side and you can elongate your drink, I always do) The servers are pretty courteous as well as efficient, and the food was decent, the orders did not come out as fast as I would of expected from the given service. This was the only problem. They had  brought my order out wrong and we didn't want to have to wait again for the right dish. So needless to say wasn't too thrilled about that Pho Kim Long wait for the wrong food.  That is why they only get 3 stars from me, besides the place better be "Pho King" Amazing to deserve more stars. That's a good name "Pho King", or "Pho King Good", hmmmn...(probably been done....Phok)We are all so Phonny....not. (slapping my own face)They are OPEN 24 hrs... duh...Vegas.
4	Arrived in Vegas early in the morning and was hungry for something to warm my stomach. We had rented a car so we decided to go to the Asian plaza to check out the restaurants. We were there at 9:30am so everything was closed except for this establishment. We took a chance and tried their combination stir fried noodle with veggies, chicken & shrimp and a bowl of soup noodles with the thin flat rice noodles with beef balls, shrimp, calamari, and chicken. Service was a little slow and I got my soup noodles way before hubby got his stir fried noodles. The flavor of the soup was good but a little oily, noodles were soft, and they gave a decent amount of seafood. I enjoyed the stir fried noodles also - the crunchy noodles, meat, and vegetables was covered with gravy.  The place was crowded for a Saturday morning and people seemed to gravitate to this place for their soup noodles. It's lively and the service was friendly but a little on the slow side. Prices were decent: range $7-$10.
5	Found this place thanks to Yelp! Some friends and I were craving pho late night Labor Day weekend and we couldn't be happier with this place. I have been back several times since. The food is fresh and so cheap, a good go-to for your pho fix.
2	I'm from Sacramento, CA so when we were in Vegas we were really craving for some authentic Viet food.  This place will satisfy your cravings but the service was horrible!!!  Upon arrival the waiter spilled 2 glasses of water on my friend.  They were very rude when we asked questions about the portion size of the pho.  We also asked for change so we can all pay the bill separately and they were really rude about that!  There's so many other Thai & Viet restaurants in the same plaza so if I were to go back to Vegas and wanted some authentic Asian food I would not go back to this place.  I'd try another restaurant in the same plaza.  As a matter of fact, we went to the Kung Fu restaurant on the corner of this plaza and they serve Chinese & Thai food and the food was great & service was good as well.
5	Yes I'm a white boy from SoCal but I used to live on bolsa in Little Saighon  so i know Pho! This place is straight up awesome in comparison to Little Big Saighon Pho'.  I love the Pho' Tai so much here because the soup is flavorful and the portions are perfect at a affordable price. Great service and awesome Pho'. When I'm back in LV I will make my way back to Pho' Kim Long for sure!
2	Well you're in luck if you don't mind terrible service...I came here the first time because Kung Fu Plaza was closed and the people I were with suggested this as another option. So in we go.They saw us come in. Nothing.So we waited. Nothing. Waited some more.Eventually they asked us how many in our group. 5. So we were finally seated. My seat was sticky so I moved over one. Fine. We ordered our drinks and once they came we were asked if we were ready to order. We weren't and asked for a couple minutes. I guess by "a couple minutes" the waiter assumed we needed a few hours to decipher the menu because he didn't come back. We talked and waited and well,by the time the waiter DID come back 3 of us were more than halfway done with our drinks. I was NOT pleased with the food or the service.I went back another time deciding that maybe I just had a bad experience that first time,Yes,the service sucked.
4	SoCal Pho is better than Vegas Pho. Pho sho. BUT for being in Vegas this place was probably 1 of the better places to get your Pho fix after a long night of head bangin' partyin'. I got the Pho Tai Nam (rare steak and flank). The seasoning of the broth was ALMOST (keyword) comparable to that of places in Garden Grove and Westminster (S.California). It's a good fix, but I definitely would not come here unless I needed a hangover bowl of pho. Service is ok, but if they know you're Viet then they're a lot nicer, so lucky me for that.
2	Great name but the experience is all downhill from there. Food's ok, but the portions are small. There's a bad mildew-y smell that knocks you in the face when you walk in and the service is horrible. It's like they're mad at you for giving them your business. And don't dare ask for a refill on water...
3	"what?!", "where did you want to eat?!", "HAHA! huh?!" Those are just some of the weird reactions I get when I say I want to eat here. I guess you can say it doesn't sound very nice to say, but the food here is my favorite Vietnamese cuisine. I'm not a huge fan of the pho but I'm a very big fan of their vermicelli noodle bowls! It's the perfect amount of food for someone with a middle sized appetite. They're open late night so if you're out on the strip with your friends or are looking for a late night snack (hardly the size for a snack), Mr. Pho Kim Long is your best bet to satisfy your Vietnamese craving.The service isn't super because of the lack of personality their staff has but they bring your food out fairly quick. Does one base service on how quick you get to eat or how pleasant they make your visit? I say it depends on both but lucky for Pho Kim Long, their service is very fast and consistent.  It wouldn't hurt the staff to crack a smile or two, crack a joke, or laugh even. They don't have a problem splitting your checks as long as they get their money.  The atmosphere is very traditionally Asian and being of Asian descent, it doesn't do much for me.  In other words, you wont catch me with my iPhone in hand snapping shots like some tourist or something. Maybe, the food for Yelp but that's all ;)Never had a problem customer service-wise, always accommodated the big groups of friends I go everywhere with, and doesn't take log to bring what you ask for. That's a big thing for me when the server takes the detour to bring you something you've asked for. And having to ask for it twice really peeves me but as busy and as impersonable as their staff is, they go and get what you ask for right away. Maybe to get you to go faster? If I wanted to be In -n- Out of a joint, I'd go get a burger! Hahaha! Go for the pork vermicelli, add the sauce they give you with some of the oyster (brown) sauce and a bit of the hot sauce and you'll be good! Have some fun saying the restaurant when suggesting to eat here! Happy eating! :)
3	If it wasn't for the food, I'd give it a 1 star.  The service shouldn't be expected here.  I asked for some lime 4 times and they still did not bring it.  .  This place is okay for late night cravings, but holy crap... You'd get lucky to get service at all.I ordered some pho and the soup had a lot of flavor, so food is okay.If you do come here, expect okay to zero service.
3	Meh. Like some other Yelpers said, I can get better pho in SoCal. I didn't come after a night of drinking or partying, so I was of sound mind when I sat down. We visited around 9pm on a Sunday night and the place was adequately busy for a 24-hour joint. We got waters quickly and our pho came out in a matter of minutes. The broth was ok; saltier and less flavorful than the pho I've ever had before. I'm partial to deep, hearty, anise-infused broths that don't need hoisin or sriracha for enhancement. Needless to say, I was let down. On the bright side, I was happy to find something 5 minutes away from the strip, even if it's located in a strip mall decorated by a fake Chinatown facade. Two stars for the pho, but I thought the service was fine and the bathroom was surprisingly not filthy.
3	BEST place to go whether you woke up hungover, still drunk, or just craving pho after partying all night at the club. Sure, it may not compare to pho in San Jose (if you're ever up in norcal you've gotta try Pho Kim Long in SJ!) or Westminster, but this is the best pho you're gonna get in vegas. And it sure beats the americanized version they serve at TI.And I've never made it after a night at XS, but it's open 24 hrs so you can get a headstart on that hangover cure.
5	Phokimlong- time! Best pho ever
3	I don't know if it was a fluke but my pho tasted like cinnamon soup. I had the Pho Dat Biet and the combination of the meats were way off. They put mostly flank and steak meat, 2 pieces of the meatballs, and none of the other stuff. There is only one sized bowl, so be prepared to pay around $8 for a Pho bowl made for a giant.What really stuck out to me were the eggrolls. They were really good. Over all, I liked the setting, food, and the service. Would come back to try other things on the menu. Pho, however, is a no thank you.
3	"FUCK-HIM-LONG!"... haha.  Sorry, I couldn't resist.  =PWe came here after an informal wedding for a quick meal and then back to the hotel to get ready to leave the day later.  I don't believe we had reservations for 30+ people, but they were quick to accommodate us when arriving.  It seemed there was a prefixed menu negotiated for our large party, and it consisted of the typical Vietnamese family-style menu items you would see standard in any restaurant worth their salt.For a pho restaurant, this is probably one of the nicer looking ones I've seen... of course, this is targeted towards the touristy crowds, but still a breath of fresh air compared to all of the hole-in-the-walls I've been to.  I asked around about Vietnamese restaurants, and even the cab driver [local native Vietnamese] recommended this place, and it did not disappoint.  We had canh chua, ca kho, fried rice, fried shrimp, etc... and it was so nice to have home style food to end our weekend of debauchery and make us miss home even more.  [5 days in Vegas is overkill... 3 IS MORE than enough for me!]The part that made me happiest?  The had fresh coconut juice there, and when you order it, they serve you nothing else but a coconut straight up.  I had oodles of fun scraping at the meaty flesh to round out my meal, and we all left stuffed.  If I remember right, we had at least 4-5 tables and I don't remember the cost, but I do know it was quite cheap because I heard no one complaining... haha.Also, for not having any reservations, the food came out promptly and steaming hot.  Not bad, but service was a tad spotty trying to flag down a server to get us more glasses for water.
3	The portions could be bigger. But the food was good at an ok price. I was somewhat irked when I ordered the wor won ton soup because the pictures showed large shrimp in the soup. Instead I get really small shrimp. The waitress we had was rather short and seemed upset that I wasn't ready to order after literally getting a menu in my hand. The decor was not and the fish tanks were a nice touch. Prices were mid range. We ordered a small pho tai won ton soup spring rolls and a fresh squeezed Orange juice. Total came out to approximately $40
2	Not bad but def not great. My pho was a bit salty. Nice place though, great service.
4	I should know Vietnamese food, I cook it all the time.  The food here is great.  It's authentic and absolutely delicious.  My favorite is the bun thit nuong cha gio.  Vermicelli with grilled pork and egg roll salad.  They make it just like my mom's.  Also, I've tried some Chinese foods and it's not bad.  The deep fried salt n pepper squid was nice and tender.  Almost like fried mozzarella.  My date had the pho and it tastes like my homemade broth.  For the Vietnamese restaurant, this one is pretty good.  It's nothing like the places in Little Saigon but this is Vegas and it's great.
2	Don't know what's all the hype bout this place. Obviously had way better cuz I'm from Frisco... But had better Pho down the street from this place. Hmmm maybe cuz I'm not drunk like all the other viewers here. Am I coming back when I'm drunk? Maybe but to the other place down the block with fresher herbs to start off...
3	Searched for 24HR pho restaurants that were open and this was amongst the list. You probably already know why my friends and I chose this place.Anyway, it took forever to get our food. Not the usual in less than 5MIN. so it was kinda strange having to wait for pho.I got the rare steak pho and it was just... okay. The broth wasn't that great but I was craving pho so it "I guess" it satisfied my cravings.3 stars because this place is open 24HRS!
4	Thank god this place is 24 hours! Its treats my hangover no matter what time it is!!
5	open 24 hrs!! pho the best for hangover!! service = super fast!!!!
5	was in vegas for halloween weekend, pho is still good at this place.. oh thank heaven for pho kim long :))
5	This place never gets old! Ahhhh so drunk, where can we go sober up and eat Pho at the same time!  I'll tell you where, Pho Kim Long!  Its like the hangout for people that just went clubbing.  Girls stumble in drunk in short skirts and guys chatting about girls drunk in short skirts.Service is very good. The Pho in my opinion are pretty good as well.  Sorry I can't really put much info on the menu bcause I've always ordered by numbers in a Pho Restaurant. But all the Pho are pretty Pho'king good. Best remedy to prevent a hangover.
5	Wow, I just read a review that told me to read the name of the restaurant fast. Pho-Kim-Long. hahahaha, never noticed that! But hands down, they have the BEST BEST BEST PORK CHOP OVER RICE. HANDS DOWN NO KIDDING.All my friends and I still talk about that damn pork chop over rice now. We go to Vegas to party, but that pork chop.... I cannot wait to go to Vegas again to eat at Pho Kim Long's. p.s. Best drunk food, best hungover food, best sober food. p.p.s. If only they delivered to our hotel, I would give them a fatty tip.
4	This is the perfect place to go after a late night of debaucherous drinking. My friends took us to this place for lunch, and it hit the spot perfectly.I got the Pho Tai (pho with thin beef slices), and requested that the beef come on the side so that they weren't cooked well done in the broth by the time I got to them. The broth was really good (above average, I'd say). Ironically I put the slices in the broth a little too late, and my last few pieces wouldn't properly cook because the broth was no longer hot enough. I asked for a little more broth too cook those pieces, and they happily obliged (probably with a chuckle, knowing the amateur mistake I made). This pho tasted better usual; to be fair, it could've been because of the previous night that I had, but it was delicious.I also recommend ordering a fresh young coconut to drink. They give you a coconut with the top cut off, and with a straw to drink and spoon to scrape off some of the meat. Quite tasty!One thing I was a little disappointed about was that they added $1 to my meal because I asked for the beef slices on the side. I know some other places do this, but it doesn't mean that it's cool to do so.Overall, this place really hit the spot and I'd go back.
4	Pho Kim Long deserves a four star rating!!!  It really hits the spot and never fails to fill your cravings because it's open 24hrs.  The convenience and price of the food is truly what makes up for my rating!!  I'd give it a 5, only sometimes the food isn't always consistent and service is just alright (although I don't expect much from a place with such inexpensive food).  Anyway, the food I usually eat is pho tai with the steak on the side.  Squeeze in some lime and you're good to go.  I also really like the stir fried beef cubes with seasoned rice.  That dish is always on point.  The grilled pork chops is something I used to always get, but i've noticed that this dish is sometimes poorly prepared (undercooked) so i rarely ever get this anymore.  Spring rolls you can't really go wrong with and the egg rolls are pretty yum too.  That is the extent of my menu knowledge, but i have also tried the  mongolian beef, walnut prawns and some of their vermicelli dishes through my friends.  One thing I always get here is the pineapple shake!! YUM!  I've tried their other shakes and noticed them to be a tad bit powdery or artificial tasting.  The pineapple and avocado shakes are the only ones made with milk and fresh fruit, i think, and that's how i like it!!! I'd def recommend you try it.
4	Although this is a vietnamese-chinese restaurant, we've only eaten chinese food here. I love vietnamese food too, so it's a little ironic. I came here several times with my older brother and a couple times with my family. It's been a few years since I've been here, but I can tell you that in all those times, I never had a bad meal here. Since it was a big group, we always had it family style (large platters to share). We always ordered several dishes to accommodate our large group. Service was usually pretty good. Popular restaurant in a strip mall near Chinatown with a small parking lot. Funny name, good chinese food.
4	I really wonder if they named this after Kim Long or they meant to Pho Kim Long Time. Either way, out of many many Pho restaurants I've tried in Atlanta, New York, San Diego and San Francisco, this one is one of my favorites. Only Pho I've tried in Vegas but they know what they're doing. You'll be greeted by a huge Sea aquarium the type you see in MTV Cribs worth thousands of dollars. This place must be doing good business because the decorations inside are pretty hard core. They have another aquarium with a King fish and black and white Nemo's. Pretty awesome! The staff at this place is excellent at serving the customers. I think everyone that was working at Pho Kim Long (I can't stop laughing at this name) came up to our table (except the cooks). We had a busy table so you know how it is when people like to add picky stuff to their Pho... garlic, limes, extra mint, chili paste, nguoc mum, sriracha... etc. I ordered the Bun with Egg Rolls (cho gio) and char-grilled BBQ pork. The bowl was a bit smaller than usual but it was very well made. This is a simple dish but the key item is the noodles. Sometimes they are too soggy or they can also be too dry and sticky. This place had perfect noodles for the Bun. The servers gave us some Pho broth since it was so cold outside. Very nice gesture! Everyone had a small bowl of broth which was very good in flavor. However, if this is the Pho broth they use for every dish then I would avoid the Pho since it was a bit heavy in texture. I thought it should be more watered down. We had an additional order of fried egg rolls which was pretty decent, nothing fantastic but still good. Something unique about this place is their variety of Asian cuisine. They are obviously mainly Vietnamese but you can also find Chinese dishes and even Pad Thai. Very unusual in my experience. One of my friends ordered combo #108 which was amazing. It was similar to Bo Luc Lac but with bigger meat pieces and with excellent steamed broccoli. I'm getting #108 next time. Found my hangover spot a couple of miles off the strip! Pho Kim Long Soon!
4	This was definitely the perfect cure for our morning-after hangovers. It was surprisingly very nice and clean for a Vietnamese restaurant, but maybe I'm too used to 'the dirtier, the better' mentality of Viet restaurants in Little Saigon. They had a huge selection to satisfy all of your Vietnamese and Chinese cravings, not just pho. However, I just got my usual Pho Ga (I loove dipping chicken in the ginger sauce). Definitely DE-LISH!It definitely had the whole Vietnamese-people-running-around-busy atmosphere. They were too busy running around that they forgot to bring one of our friend's bowls... and she was the only one sitting there without any food when everyone else had ordered the exact same thing. Goodness.But I'm glad to know that I can always satisfy my late-night-after-clubbing pho craves. YAYY~
4	Ended up ordering:Pho taiThai ice teaGenerous amount of rare beef, could of used a bit more noodles for a large bowl. Enjoyed the food, it was fast and the right temprature. Thai tea was awesome!
2	Pho So 1 is my favorite Pho place in town. Period, the end.I'm always shocked to see that this place is so packed, no matter what time of day. The pho is overly salty and lacking in complex flavors, but the vermacelli bowl isn't too bad, so I end up ordering that while all my dining partners regret their pho choices, hehe.If you steer clear of the pho, the rest of the food is relatively good...which isn't a great statement for a pho place.The service has been lacking every time I've been here. They take forever to take your order and the food's slow to arrive. I sat with an empty water glass for far longer than was acceptable, even after asking for a refill twice.If you're heading home from the strip after late hours of partying, and need some pho just make the extra 2 block trek up to Pho So 1. You'll be happy you did.
3	The one thing I enjoy the most about Pho Kim Long is an extensive menu that offers Pho and various dishes available at all hours.  Prices are cheap, portions are generous.  The quality, however, strangely varies.  I had Singapore Rice Noodles this week and it was kinda weak - not strongly seasoned or generous with anything but noodles and onions and kind of dry.  Last week, I ordered the same dish and it was delicious and kinda SPICY!  I was disappointed this week, to say the least.  The service is always flakey with no personality.  They get your food out pretty quickly but refills are slow moving, particulaly with water.  I start singing loudly when I have to wait more than five minutes and they show up pretty quickly after that.  After they drop your food off, they are gone for a good ten minutes.  That previous reviewer isn't kidding - this place is hopping ALL the time!  You sometimes may have to wait a few minutes to get seated... rarely because there's a line but because the servers are booking it all over the placeThe food is NOT spicy enough for me, generally.  I have to tell them to make it super spicy since their scale for spiciness is a little off.They're a great place, though, if you're looking for a decent, run-of-the-mill Pho restaurant that's reliable and 24/7.
3	Okay I can't help being a bit immature here.  But try saying the name 5x really fast and see if you can suppress a giggle.The good:- Huge menu variety, they've pretty much got everything.- Pho tai.  Delicious tender meat and rich savory soup broth.- Spring rolls.  Baby you da you da best, best I ever had...- Cool decor.  Aquarium at a pho joint what??The bad:- A bit off the strip.- Waiter confused our orders.- A bit pricier than I'm used to.
5	When something is as perfect as this place where do you start?!? They are open until like 5:30am. awesome! Everything is cooked to order. Amazing. It takes under ten minutes to get to you, yaaay! I hate waiting! Thai iced tea? Yes please, I'll take two! Whoa..ok I have control now!! OK, well I love this place like whoa, think that's obvious.. As I mention in my reviews from time to time, I am a pescetarian and that can be a challenge at times finding food especially late night. This place has great veggie dishes, I recommend the stir fry vegetables (oh girl!) The shrimp is good too but one of my new favorite dishes actually is the cubed steak with onions and green beans. I know what you're saying right this minute, uhhhh how are you a pescetarian then? Well, my friend ordered it I ate one  of the green beans with my rice and immediately had a culinary orgasm. (whoa girl!) I ended up eating like all of them, but she said the steak was tender and juicy and whatever makes red meat good (that's what she said), not into it but those accompaniments were the business! The Thai iced tea doesn't come with refills and that sucks because I can drink like 8 of those. right now. Let's go. Woman vs Drink. Hey that sounds like the theme of my upcoming weekend. details to follow.
4	Nothing like a good bowl or Pho after partying all night and into the early morn.My cousins who are locals first introduced us to this spot after a loong night of partying.24hrs a fully array of Vietmanese food and Some Chinese.Hits the spot every time.
4	Wow what a delicious and Fresh!! Place! I'm going back!
4	I had the beef stew soup with rice noodles. This was actually nice. The broth is tomato based and has a good beefy taste. It's complex though with spices like star anise in it. A little lemon lifts it up a bit to where I like it. It's a bit fatty so it's not for everyone, but the meat parts are pretty soft. The BF got singapore noodles. It was kinda meh...he said it was heavy on curry powder that you can't taste anything else. Definitely better elsewhere (like Food Express or Wendys Noodle Cafe).
3	It's the wee hours post-partying in Vegas + we were hungry... I busted out my phone, opened the Yelp app + in no time Pho Kim Long popped onto my screen. About 300 reviews, 2.5 stars average, one $ sign, + the words "late-night" as one of the highlights... Good enough for me! No need to detail my visits to the curiously-named hot spot as all it comes down to is needing a place to fill the stomach + to sober up whether it's the wee hours or late morning. It's in a strip mall right along Spring Mountain Rd so parking is not a problem... just expect it to be a bit crowded during late hours. The selection on the menu is a decent variety of Vietnamese dishes, but the pho options are pretty limited. Regardless, somehow I find myself ordering a bowl of Pho Tai (rare beef) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yfxDa8RFOvJPQh0rNtakHA?select=_jQ4QD84l_CUpsLD8L9LSg or something similar every time. A bowl of pho is about $7-8, which is on the pricey side compared to what I'm used to both in Northern or Southern California, but the portion size is good enough. Quality is okay... soup is filled nearly to the brim, but the broth could be more flavorful + the noodles/beef are whatever. Average at best. We got spring rolls once, which were equally not noteworthy in any way other than that they actually gave us 2 peanut sauce dipping bowls... for the 3 of us. o_O http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yfxDa8RFOvJPQh0rNtakHA?select=n7M27mi6yD0uqDjCHP6VPw  Perhaps next time I'll try something other than pho since most of the more positive reviews here seem to be for other items on the menu. In retrospect, I'm sure there's better late night eats of the soupy-noodley sort in the Chinatown area or elsewhere off the Strip, but Pho Kim Long does its job. I'd give 2.5 stars if I could... but I'm rounding up. 3 stars for a convenience of this 24-hour, clean place to chow down because sometimes there's just nothing more satisfying than a steaming bowl of noodles.
4	Some of my brother's Vietnamese friends eat pho for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  There are lots of pho places around Vegas where he lives, So when he wants  this even at midnight, Pho Kim Long is his go to place. They also make some decent Chinese food. Some of the tables around us had your usual pan fried noodles, whole fried fish, and sweet and sour pork.  But most people had pho. Although more salty than I personally like, the simple broth and noodles has a light, nice aroma served in a large bowl.  Add meat, like rare steak slices, along with some condiments, like basil, bean sprouts, and onions ($7), it was an awesome meal in itself.  I was going to order the same thing, but for the same price, you can get a half rotisserie small chicken with rice.  It was crispy on the outside, and moist and tender on the inside ($7). So simple, yet so good.Customers are mostly families during the day till early evening.  After that, they're the winners and mostly losers from the casinos, and sobering drunken clubbers and night shift workers. The inside is comofrtable and nicely appointed with ample booths or tables. During lunch dinner. no matter what day, it is crowded.  Finding a parking spot, however, is a war of patience and luck.  Fortunately, a guy was pulling out just as we walked inside, so we didn't have to exhibit our Type A parking lot Ninja tactics. While waiting to be seated, I enjoyed their relaxing goldfish tanks. This place is so typical Vegas with a Vietnamese and Chinese twist. I'd go back to try a few more dishes.  Service was good, prompt with the soda ($2) refills and special requests, and making sure all was OK.
3	Since this is located in vegas you'll see a lot of outside people who sometimes don't know how to be civilized. Anyways this is always my last stop before going home. Previous memories here were not so memorable, I always threw up here because I was so hungover from. A crazy night of partying.  Hana so this time im actually gonna sit down and take the time to eat. I ordered the roasted chicken with the rice. The only reason why I ordered it was because I was comparing it with the 1.99 place in westminster....and yeah. That wasn't even a challenge the dish was pretty bad. It was dry and bland. The nuoc nam didn't taste authentic, but the pho was alright not tooo shabby. I'll just avoid picture options cause it only looks tasty in the picture.
5	This is another one of our staples when we come to Vegas. After many Western meals in the hotel, we always need to venture off the strip and pick up some Ca Kho To and Canh Chua Ca. Put simply, it's just good food. They're open 24 hours and the Pho is pretty tasty too. We've been eating here with our family for years.
4	Fried rice was BOMB! Pho was okay. Canh chua and catfish claypot were too salty. Beef chow fun was too watery and the noodles weren't  cooked thoroughly. Service was quick and efficient, even during their lunch rush. The owner swooped in to help us any time our servers forgot something or we needed extra bowls, straws, etc. Decent Vietnamese and Chinese food. Plus, they're open 24 hrs!Food is 2 1/2 to 3 stars, but the excellent service and convenience bumps them up to 4 stars.
2	I did not like the food here.  I ordered a simple wonton soup, and the soup was too salty and oily.  My boyfriend ordered pho and got soup spilled on him by the waiter, but luckily (or unluckily), the soup was not hot enough to burn him.  I tried some of the pho broth and it wasn't all that great either.  I don't think anyone in our group liked their food.  But when I came to Vegas another time, I stayed in the hotel room feeling sick while everyone else went to eat.  When they came back, my friend brought me the most delicious wonton noodle soup with duck meat.  When we ate here this time, my friend told me the duck wonton soup came from this restaurant.  So maybe we just ordered the wrong thing?  Because I remember that dish being really good... but then again I was super drunk.
3	Pho Kim Long is in Vegas Chinatown.  It's open 24hrs!  It's in the strip mall called "The Center at Spring Mtn".Lines can be long here.  I went when it wasn't busy on Wed 12/28/10.Got:iced coffee - it's made for u then brought in a Styrofoam cup - taste ok.Seafood rice noodle soup - small bowl, some fish cakes, a few fish balls, taste okPho - B. thought it was alright.On Choy - Chinese greens we liked it.Credit cards allowed.  Separate bathrooms in the back.
3	So you want some Pho??  Pho Kim Long is open 24 hours a day and will cure your craving for pho without paying the astronomical prices on the Las Vegas Strip.  Even if you get a large bowl with extra meat, you're still looking at less than 10 bucks.While the service is quite fast, it's not the most personable but does that really matter after a night of clubbing and being slightly less than sober?If you're not in the mood for soup, the tender beef with black pepper sauce and broccoli is really good.While they may not have the best pho in Vegas, they're open and it's decent.  Open matters.
5	Awesome restaurant.  We were in LV for New Year's weekend and stopped by here.  I'm not sure what the menu items were called because I didn't order.  but, we had the fish with pork in the clay pot.  Amazing!  we also had the shrimp with honeyed walnuts.  The sweet and sour soup.  Clams in Basil.  We didn't order the Pho but it looked good.  Will definitely eat here again when we're in LV.
5	Some of the best PHo Ive had....always fast friendly service. comfort food at its best!!!
4	Seriously, this place never fails.  Whether you're eating it at 4 a.m. (straight from clubbing) or 4 p.m. (straight from dragging your hungover friends out of bed) Pho Kim Long hits the spot.Start out with the spring rolls for a nice appetizer (peanut sauce = heaven) and then get the Pho Tai (just keep it simple, don't try to get fancy).  Instant.  Classic.  Once you come here you'll be back every time you're in Vegas.  I guarantee it (maybe).
4	I came here after what seemed like such a long time in the airport. I felt my throat was getting scratchy so I really needed to fix it. I had to work the next day so I definitely needed my voice to stay with me. My husband knows that at times like this I need Pho so he said he would find something to eat on Pho Kim Long's menu. He said he would settle for a salad because he wasn't really hungry. Well just as a heads up to others that may be seeking salad ...there is none. He did find Beef and Broccoli which is kind of like salad. He ate almost all of it except the little bit I took to taste it. The amount that was given is easily a good amount for two to three people but he finished it even though he wasn't that hungry! The meat was well seasoned and the broccoli was nice and crispy. I hate soft broccoli! I ordered the chicken fried rice for lunch this week at work since I came in on late Sunday I had no time to cook. It was pretty basic the chicken pieces didn't have any fat on them which is a good thing. I spiced it up with some Sriracha. The Pho was good it wasn't too salty the veggies that came with it were fresh but I was surprised that they served it with lemon. When I usually get Pho I 've always been given limes to go with it. I wasn't going to be picky about it though. My Pho had the beef strips in it but it also came with these round meatballs . I didn't try it though ...I was wondering what it was . I concentrated on the broth just so my throat would feel better by morning. The Pho did help my throat on Monday but had to call in sick on Tuesday.
4	We always somehow make our way here when we come to Vegas. This place is always packed, for good reason. The food is great and the service is fast. Big bonus points for being open 24 hours. Need one of these in Seattle!
5	If youre craving for a pho fix out herr in vegas i highly reccomend this place! Not only is it cheap but the place is nicely decorated (unlike some other pho places ive been to), has grreatttt customer service,wait time to be seated is less than 5 mins, wide variety of food ( from pho to pan fried noodles to creamy walnut shrimp to even pad thai-- all cooked to perfection), fully staffed,annnnd cheaper prices compared to other pho places around the area. I wish there was a place like this out in the bay area where im from.but im definitely going to frequent this spot everytime im out here in vegas now:) good job pho kim long! Best pho place ive everrrrr been to!!
1	My family and I come to Las Vegas every year as it has become a tradition.  And every year we would venture outside of the strip to get our fix of Vietnamese food. And for the past many years, Kim Long was our choice... mainly for their wide selection of dishes and above average taste quality.  However, the past few times we have visited have proved that management has certainly taken over by greed and the need to increase prices and diminishing food quality and services.  My experience here in our latest visit was completely unpleasant as the food tasted washed down and flavorless.  It's as if the chef had to rush out so many dishes that he forgets to throw in any key ingredients.  On top of that, service was horrible to say the least.  We asked for a tea refill from 4 different servers and each and every single time we asked... the server would pass it down to another server... and then just moved on about their business to try and seat as many new customers as possible.  For my money, this place was completely not worth the visit... and will never deserve my recommendations.
2	Decided to check out this pho place after some drinking and gambling.  The pho is just ok, probably average by SJ standard.  The broth could be hotter as mine was just warm.  Frankly, I get suspicious when the broth isn't steaming hot.   Anyhow, I just ate it and thought to myself, these out of towners just don't know what good pho tastes like.  I probably won't return, but I can now say I've been here and it's way over-rated.
4	The joys of Pho (pronounced "ph-uh") are fairly straightforward.  Take a tasty broth, add some expertly-sliced thin meat, scallions and rice noodles are offer the ingredients in a bowl.  Add some basil, bean sprouts and spicy peppers on the side (with an optional side of rooster sauce and other spicy, sweet and/or sour sauces).Simple enough, but get the right bowl of pho and your view of the world drastically improves.  Call it stomach psychiatry--a really tasty bowl of pho can directly stimulate serotonin levels in the brain (more serotonin = more happy).  But all of that just speaks to the genius that is pho.  Here's why you should head to Pho Kim Long for your pho fix.  When I was there, I ordered the rare steak and brisket pho.  The beef broth was well-prepared and pretty rich.  Other reviewers seem to have complained about the quality of the broth, but during my lunch there it was spot on.  It was a very solid offering.  The side veggies were crisp and fresh and delicious.  And Pho Kim Long offers a well-stocked selection of sauces if you like to tinker with your food--making it spicier, sweeter, a dash of sour, etc.  It all made for the perfect pho lunch.  The other folks at my table had the beef vermicelli ("bun" in Vietnamese) and were very pleased, reporting that the bun was better than most.  All of which earns it about 3.5 stars (rounded up because of how popular the place seemed--gotta give some credence to the will of the people).Good enough that Pho Kim Long has become a standard in my list of Vietnamese places in town.  And the crowd there at lunch suggests that this place has become a go to lunch destination in Chinatown.  It has a big dining space and every table was packed when we were there.  That might explain why service was a little slow when we were there.  But, to the wait staff's credit, they didn't seem to mind when we stepped over to the cashier without a bill in order to settle up.  I haven't tried it late night, but the place is open 24 hrs so it might be worth a visit after a night out on the strip (put down the Jack in the Box, pick up the chopsticks).
4	I will start out by saying that I have never been here before midnight, but hey, there's nothing like a bowl of pho after a night out with friends.  I like the pho with thin sliced beef and brisket, it's really tasty and the veggies they put on the table for you to add are always super fresh.  The bean sprouts actually are fresh enough that you can hear a snap if you break them in half.  Good, fast service, decent prices, and a clean and busy restaurant make this a good choice if you're in the Chinatown area.  Big plus for being open 24/7.
2	went here late last night.  haven't been in a year or so since the last time i came here the service was so poor.  i wasn't any more impressed this time round than i was the last.  the pho is okay and so is the service.  nothing special about this place besides the extensive menu and the fact that it's open 24-hours.
2	What's so great about this place? This seems to be the only pho place Vegas people go to. Always busy, but the food isn't even that great. Shame!
3	This is the go to spot for late night meals when we have a rental car and cruise over to Spring Mountain.  We've probably tried it all here.  Pho, entrees, congee...never had a bad experience. Love getting the spring rolls w/ lettuce wraps.  Not sure why more don't serve it like this w/o having to ask.It's convenient, open all the time and hits the spot.
5	BEST PLACE TO GET HANGOVER PHO, HANDS DOWN!The delicious beef broth, light rice noodles, and strips of beef are sooooo delicious. Also, I've never had to wait longer than 10 minutes to get seated here. Not only is this place open till the wee hours of night, long after you've consumed multiple shots of alcohol and danced your booty off, but there's nothing better to cure a typical Vegas hangover than some MORNING-AFTER PHO!! I know there's now places to get pho on the Strip, but Pho Kim Long tastes authentic and you can get a decent meal for under 10 bucks. I love this place. And it's a cult favorite. Literally every time I go I unintentionally run into someone I either know from 1) my sorority, 2) Los Angeles, or 3) other random people.Virtually everyone who's a Vegas regular knows about this place and has been here.And FYI - I have also had pho here when I was NOT drunk, and enjoyed it!Recently they've had a restaurant makeover, making the place more classy. Yes, you can expect to see people there of all ages - from seniors, to children, to under dressed club hos.Parking is easy as it is located in a small Asian strip mall. It's also about a 10-15 minute drive from the Strip, which is not exactly pedestrian friendly but definitely worth the trip if you have a car.
4	I know there is a lot of mixed reviews of this place on Yelp but, I really liked it and I am a big Pho fan. I guess I need to keep looking arround to compare. Since I my only comparison since moving here is that crap at Treasure island.  but, for now you 4 stars. The spring rolls and Thai Tea were bad though. However the deep fried pork pork chops were pretty decent.
4	I was in Vegas for new years weekend and we decided to eat here. Good food but the wait was crazy....extremely busy. Service was okay but i wasnt expecting much because of how busy they were. I had one of their Vermecilli dishes (always do at Vietnamese places) and it was one of the best I've had. Definitely check this place out if you get a chance.
4	a must in vegas.. 24 hr pho.. cant beat that
3	We got there around 1am for late dinner.  The servers are nice but they are way toooo busy for us.  We waited more than 20 mins before we can order.... i was starving!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  gosh.... overall the food is alrite... but i'm glad they opened almost 24/7...
4	Even though this is a Vietnamese restaurant, we always visit here for the Chinese food.  In fact, this is the Chinese food place we like to take guests too... I really really enjoy the food here.The ambience of the place is not bad actually.  The decorate the place well, its large, and its cleaner than most Asian restaurants.  I think the prices are fair also - about 10 bucks a dish (more or less), I think maybe 7 for the pho.  Portions are of decent size.I can't say much about the pho here, because I never really order it.  The boyfriend does though, and I've tasted it.  I think it's just OK. When I go here, there are always dishes that I always have to get because it's DELICIOUS and awesome:- House special pan fried noodles (chow mein)... Noodles soft in the middle, crispy on edges (AWESOME).  Saucy, flavorful and lots of goodies like bok choy and shrimp.- The cubed beef with Chinese broccoli - Make sure you specifically ask for the cubed beef - they have regular beef and broccoli which is not so good.  The cubed beef is pretty much a MUST HAVE.- Salt and Pepper Porkchops or Squid - Depending on my mood... love to have some deep fried pork chips or calamari with salt and pepper seasonings with my meal.  YUM.The one thing about this place which I wish I could change is the wait staff.  It always feels like are trying to get you in and out quickly... and they aren't the friendliest either.  The service is usually pretty quick though I guess.  Also on the plus side, they are open all night so it's a great place to hit up after drinking.  Overall - even though the service is MEH... I have to give it at least a 4 just because of my favorite dishes I mentioned above.
4	Cheap, yummy, filling food. This place is incredible for groups and is always buzzing night and day. If you have never had pho before your are in for a treat.
4	Vietnamese and Chinese food under one roof!  Before moving to Las Vegas I never thought a place existed.  However, some of my cousins/family friends from the Midwest that frequent Las Vegas introduced me to this restaurant and it has become a staple in our quest for great food!A couple things I love to get:Cubed Steak w/ Chinese BroccoliSalt and Pepper Calamari:  Lightly battered w/ slivers of jalapenosHouse Pan Fried NoodlesAny of the Pho CombinationsThe place it self is very nice.  Furniture and decor are new.  However, you may never find this place quiet because it's always crazy busy and open late.  The waiters are characters.  If you are looking for a friendly waiter that will ask you if you would like to hear the specials this might not be for you.  But I give this place 4 starts and we keep coming back for more.  Also, they have imported Asian beers!  Get a beer and some fried Calamari...yum oh!
4	I've been going to this place for a quite sometime now and every time, it's always packed... It doesn't matter if it's 2am, there is still decent amount of people.They have great food. I've tried their appetizers like egg rolls or spring rolls, fried rice, chicken dishes, pad thai, and my personal favorite, their pho. None of them disappointed me ever. I could close my eyes and pick something random on the menu and I guarantee, I'll either love it or at least like it. I do have problem with their service once in awhile. Sometimes, the server didn't have a very good attitude and was very slow running the food or bringing the check. But besides that, the food is great, the place is great, and the name of the place is great. So go on and try, I guarantee that you won't be disappointed.
4	Popular place and pretty much anything on the menu for the picky person...
3	Still not a big fan of their pho or service, but I have to admit there are quite a few dishes that I enjoy here and how can you not give them an extra star for the name alone. I go here on occasion and I actually quite enjoy it.
5	Always open, consistent, good prices, even better team serving. When I want to show off my favorite Vegas spots, this is one of the few. And oddly enough, the chicken wings are the best in town.
3	Boo! I'm very disappointed. I LOVED Pho-Kim-Long back then. I came back recently, and I don't know what happened. Changed cooks or something!My to-die-for pork chop with rice has completely changed flavors. I'm..just...sad. And this time, we didn't have a car, so we had to take a taxi there. It pretty much ended up being a $20 meal for a rice plate. Not worth it.
3	We came here after a night of clubbing with a pretty big group of people.  (Yes, I believe it's 24-hours). Love that we didn't have to wait for a table.  The staff was very patient with our group, considering we were so loud and annoying.  Food didn't take too long.  I ordered egg rolls and a chicken and rice plate that was shown on the menu. It tasted alright, but I felt like it was such a rip because the pieces of chicken were so small! I was still hungry after, even with my egg rolls. Besides that, the establishment was clean and like I said, we were pretty annoying so luckily they didn't kick us out.
4	Phokim long line? Nope. We got here post clubbing at marquee around 3 am.. We got seated right away for a party of 7!The food was phokim good and didn't have to wait that long! The service was phokim great and they're open 24 hrs!This place is phokim awesome! It's where the locals go and I will keep coming back to this place every time I'm in vegas!
3	We just get sick of spending $150+ on every meal in Vegas so we go here to help ease the pain in our wallets a little bit.Even though there are a lot of pho places around, the competition didn't improve the taste of the pho. I barely touched my bowl because it just tasted bad. I like the egg rolls and dumplings. I have had dinner here several times and most of their items are tasty so its depressing that their pho is crap. As far as authenticity goes, if you go back to Vietnam you have to eat on a little table with flies every where if you want real pho. So just be happy the place is clean and there is some sort of service. Its good for your average filler meal before you go out and spend a bunch of money on some celebrity chef restaurant.
3	The name alone makes you wanna come into this place. The name is hilarious!I've been coming here every time I go to Las Vegas.The best thing is that it's 24 hours and it's cheap.But it's not the best pho in town.If you want a decent place to eat cheap and late night with a group of friends, eat here.It's only 5 mins away from the strip.
5	I'm giving it 5 stars because this is one the first places I've eaten for Lao/Thai/Viet type food.  I love Basil chicken since being introduced to it but I kick the spicy level down to like  5 just so I can enjoy it. They also have boba drinks which is a plus. But the best part about this, IT'S 24 HOURS and for Casino Industry employees and after clubbing food. This is the perfect place to go. Maybe as I eat more places like this, I'll learn more about the food but for now, this place is awesome.
5	This place is my go to for pho. They're fast, consistent, cheap, and delicious.
2	**** Good if  late night and you're high/drunk/under the influence **** The Pho is overpriced and salty.  I guess they can afford to do so since it's close to the strip.  Just drive down the street to Pho So 1.The only reason why I like this place is to give my tourist friends a laugh when they see the sign.My 12 year old side wants to call them on speed dial so I can hear them answer.
4	Pho Kim Long is busy during the day, but if you go in the evenings (especially after 10PM), you'll have no problem getting a seat and your food on time. One of the high points about this place is that it's open 24 hours. I have not yet discovered any other Vietnamese restaurant that is open for 24 hours, so this is a great place for those who are looking to have a filling, healthy dinner after your long night shift. I can understand why the quality of the pho might not be comparable to some other places (the broth is a little different here than others), but the reason why I gave this place 4 stars is because I would [highly] recommend anyone to be adventurous with the menu. It's typical to order spring rolls, eggrolls, and your pho, but really... there's so much more to the menu than you think, don't be afraid, trust me!We ordered rice, the deep fried flounder, walnut shrimp, and coconut milk to go with the meal, and it was quite possibly one of the most flavorful seafood meals I've ever had in a Vietnamese restaurant. I'm usually hesitant with seafood when it comes to restaurants that are reasonably priced and are local establishments, but I have to say the seafood here was fresh, flavorful, and filling. The dining area is spacious, not tightly packed together, and the ambience of the restaurant is nice and cultural. Might I add they also have a little selection of liquors from their drink menu too?
4	I like Pho. I've only been here in Vegas for about 3 weeks now and this is the only place I've eaten at since. Might I add that I've already eaten here three times! Haha.The food and service is good. I like how quick it's been to have my food served! It seems as if my order comes out within minutes. Hardly any wait, if any, in the past three times that I've been there. Oh, and did I mention that it's open all day and night? YES, I will most definitely be visiting this restaurant again..
5	If it wasn't so far from where we live, we'd probably be here alot! We love this place. Service is always fast!
4	I have to say, my friend and I had a good laugh when we pulled up to this place.  This is probably the second Pho restaurant that I've been to that seems to like to push it's limit in estranged humor.The food was delicious, and though I must say that it is hard to mess up Pho like it's hard to mess up a burger, you definitely can taste the difference.  However; PKL does not meet that standard.  There are a lot of Pho chains out there, and PKL is decent in that regards.  They are open late at night and good for some midnight cravings after a night of gambling if you're a tourist.  Or whatever you happen to be in Vegas for.There is a bathroom, service is decent, and I have and probably will visit this place quite often.knocked a star mostly on my preference, when I go to these places, there has to be some cheap gimmick that pulls me either with something free or some kick butt pho.  the name in it of itself just doesn't cut it for me ;)
4	Favorite pho spot in town. Open 24 hours. Check out the  photos I uploaded. Fast service and moderatley priced. In the heart of chinatown.
3	Great service and friendly staff. If you'd like to get off The Strip  to find some good food and save money --- this is the place to be. Their restaurant is very clean and spacious. Their pho was good and their rice plate with grilled porkchops wasn't bad either. Tried the chops with their seasoned rice (garlic fried rice) and it was just scrumptious.  They give you plenty. We also had their fried spring roll which you roll up in lettuce and dipped into the fish sauce. Yummy!!!When we come back to Vegas we'll come and definitely eat here again.
4	the sun was coming up.we had the drunchies.who doesn't love pho when they're drunk?meat---good, noodles---good, broth---gooooooooood.go pho kim long!
1	over price !  Ca Kho To never taste the same ,  sometimes salty , sometimes no flavor at all ! never go there again.
3	Ah china town...nice casual spot for late night quick(really quick)bite.We started off with tsing tao beers, and shrimp spring rolls. Clean and simple, but I've had better peanut sauce that comes with it. The sauce was pretty much like sweet peanut butter paste..yuck. Luckily, the usual sauces that comes on table, made a quick fix. Second, the pad thai was yummy. We got it not too spicy and also w shrimp. Good choice.Lastly we tried the fried seabass. I think ill stick w japansese style fish. I just think that's more my style. I really wanted a hot tea, but felt like after all the hustle and bustle to get our order in, and that lack of attentiveness post order, I felt it was best to just go. Overall it was ok.!
3	Originally, we wanted to eat some Thai Style Noodle House.  To our dismay, they were closing in 10 minutes when we arrived.  So, off we trecked to the next Asian restaurant and landed in Pho Kim Long.One thing about this place is that it's open 24 hours a day and I was informed that they are the only pho place that has these hours.  Please correct me if I'm wrong.  It was my bf, and two of our friends who shared this experience with us.  I never really know what to order from here so I had our friend order for  me.   When the bowl came my way, I was very excited as I'd never had it before.  I believe it was pho with some kind of beef balls.  There were other meats in there but I forgot to ask what type it was.  The broth was good without the extra sauces that people normally put in there.  When adding the bean sprouts, mint, and jalapeno's the kick it gives is a whirlwind of pleasures in your tongue.My boyfriend ordered the fried rice.  The color was somewhat orangey-yellow.  We've never had anything like it.  Per our friend, the way it's made is the cook adds just the yolk to give it that sunshine color.  It's definitely different but I can't say I'd order it for myself in the future.  The other dish we had was a spicy tofu.  That was really addicting.  Normally, tofu doesn't blend well with anything because of how bland it is.  But, they added the right amount of spice to give it a pleasing taste.The atmosphere of the whole restaurant was very relaxed.  Most people come here to sober up after a wild night at a club or bar.  It only makes sense.
3	I didnt realize that this place would have such a huge menuget the SEA BASS!!!we also had the noodles which were okmongolian beef was spiced just enough.seafood dish was good.best bet is to get the sea bass and another random entree, the menu was so big i couldnt get everything i wanted, but everthing i wanted was good!didnt try any of their soup dishes, but i did see alot of people order them. ide use quick tips for that.try this place out, you might love it/you might think its mediocre, from some of the other reviews, this seems like the trend.
4	Well the food was pretty yummy, but this place gets 4 stars because of the hot waiter with the tattoos and mohawk! I got the noodle things with pork (chow fun?) and my friend got some other thing that was super tasty! The waiters are nice, and I will def go back for the hottie!
4	Ha I love this place. Lotus is better I think, but this place also rocks. I pretty much go here everytime I'm in the area for vacation... which to be honest is at least once a year. Food is good and plentiful. And cheap. Cant really complain about anything really... just a good cheap place to eat while in sin city.
2	I have been going to Pho Kim Long for many years now. It is a long drive but my family and I made it a point to visit every few months and ONLY for the food.It must be because we are not Vietnamese or maybe we constantly get the most rude waiters working there... But I have never had good service there. We had chosen to ignore that aspect and recommended the curry chicken and chicken wings to anyone looking for differentiation in their diets.After going today, I feel like I won't anymore because I was offended at the service and our chicken wings were bland at best.Too bad, they were really fantastic!
4	First Pho I've tried in Vegas ! Talk about a great hangover remedy, ordered the Pho Dac Biet (Speical combination tender beef noodle soup) .. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=eqiFJ7qkX5dgwgooJ4SdGg&select=HrFAKjEfyWPHsVf5Gywdpw.. along with crispy egg rolls.. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=eqiFJ7qkX5dgwgooJ4SdGg&select=fV1fKwz-u9pOKrIGw0FoDQ.. excellent soup base and the beef was juicy and tender, the egg rolls were very crispy, drenched in oil and served hot. Prices are reasonable unlike the Pho places inside the casinos where they charge $10 plus for pho !  You can get 10 bowls of Pho in Vietnam for that price.. insane.. but Pho Kim Long is a great place off the strip if you want good authentic pho. Definitely going to make this place a normal stop in vegas.
4	My friend told me about this place cause he and his friends goes to Vegas all the time and they always come to this place. We stayed at the Rio this time so this place was literally down the street. Decided we wanted to try this place out cause we didn't want to pay $20 for buffet at the casino. This place is pretty good. I ordered a bowl of pho dac biet which was like almost $8 and my hubby ordered the vermicelli with egg rolls and charbroiled beef for around $8. Our meal combined was less than $20.Later that night my friend wanted pho so I came back with her and this time I ordered the vermicelli with egg roll and charbroiled beef and she ordered the pho. It was equally yummy. I like how they have so much choices of pho, rice plates, vermicelli, etc.  A lot of people come here so this place does get packed. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll most likely come back here cause their food is so yummy. I like how it's open really late so you can go anytime like after clubbing. Pho is a good hangover remedy :)
5	Gonna say it, best Pho I've ever had...I don't know if its cause this place is in Vegas and its nice to eat some good (relatively) cheap asian food after cramming your trap with casino buffets, or it also could be cause most of the people here are either drunk or hung over.  But I stand by my statement that this is probably the best Pho I've had.I try to come here at least once every other vegas trip, once me and my buddies came here twice in 1 day, before and after clubbing, its just good.One word of advice, the XL bowl is really that, EXTRA large, I normally finish my bowl or my rice dish and the rest of my gf's bowl, but man, I couldn't finish the XL bowl.The broken rice dish here is ok, nothing crazy special, same with the egg rolls, the wait is pretty long on Sundays in the 11-12 time, I guess its a good hang over food before you head back home.  This place is also open 24 hours so you can come here at 4am and get the goods, its also a nice pick me up after losing a bunch of money on the tables.
3	Food here is good. It's a 24 hour restaurant. We had the #16 and #20. Will definitely be back. The place is really busy. We were in there around 11 and it was packed. As we were leaving there were folks lining up to get in. They have so many items on the menu.
5	BEST PHO AROUND. Best broth, best ingredients, standard price, and did I mention best broth??Anyway this places other food is decent, spring rolls are the only thing that Id say are subpar, but really, its all about the PHO PHO PHO. Im from SF, lived in LA and now Vegas, and this place is it. Everyone has heard of it. Its like an Asian mecca, every girl I meet goes here and late night its a stripper haven. One time I was waiting on Pho to go and a girl dropped a dub in front of me. My girl was sitting on my lap and she saw it first. Shes from Vegas so instead of doing something kind, she tapped me and let me be the moral judge (sorry XTI but we all know u aint readin this...) anyway, I grabbed it  and tapped the girl. She turned around and it was a stripper from my work in SF. (I actually got fired because of her and her amazing butt) We laughed embarassingly and said hi. After exchanging pleasantries I mentioned my life and nodded at the guamanian in my lap and the convo halted (still kicking myself for thatttt) Point is, this place holds it down and word spreads. Good, late, cheap., clean granite tables, huge fishtanks...great place to have a mellow meal. Just wash your hands after that Jalepeno.
4	I wouldn't say the best Pho I've ever had, but it's good.  They gave me a huge bowl of pho (like a large bowl) and plenty of meat.  It's a little more expensive than what I'm used to paying (like around $5 or $6 for pho), but they make up for it in size.My wife's vermicelli dish was just ok.  She had charbroiled chicken & egg rolls in there.  The chicken & egg rolls were missing flavor a little bit, but still good overall.The service was actually decent.  We got seated right away, someone came  by to take our order relatively fast and they did an ok job with filling up our cups.  I would definitely come back.
4	Best Pho I've found in Vegas so far!The broth was superb, although their selection of Pho isn't as big as most other places. I usually get the Pho Dac Biet anywhere I go, I love the tendon and tripe but this place only had rare steak, brisket, and flank. They put a lot of meat in it too which was a + in my book, but the noodles and broth are what made it for me. Especially being in Vegas, this might save  your life the morning after a long night. After leaving Pho Kim Long I felt like new, ready to take on whatever vegas had left to throw at me. I WILL be back to this place again, thats for sure.
4	It's nice to get off the strip, and this is one of the places where I'd take you.Hungover? Tired of American food? Dehydrated and mal-nutritioned? Come here for your fix!I remember everyone's food was pretty good. Decent prices, definitely cheaper than any mediocre Vietnamese food on the strip. About $7 for a bowl of Pho or any noodle soup.I got the Combination Noodle Soup with both Rice Noodle and Yellow Egg Noodle. Holy crap!! The soup was delicious! Very good broth and tasted pretty darn close to perfection.Also, the decor and interior of this restaurant is extremely clean and modern looking. One of the most appealing Vietnamese/Pho restaurants I've ever been to.
3	The environment gives this place an Orange County feel, it almost made me forget that I was in Vegas!They have a wide variety of options for you to choose from on their food menu. Aside from pho, they offered bun bo hue, chao, banh xeo and even some rice plates and many more! I went with a small pho ga with white meat and sadly give it a 3 stars due to lack of taste in the broth and stinginess on the chicken! Service is a-okay, prompt with getting our amenities and refilling our ice waters. I will surely return to this restaurant to try other dishes, like the banh xeo and chao. happy to have found this side of Vegas :))
4	You gotta try the egg rolls... thats the only thing i recommend.The pho is OK, nothing WOW about it,
3	Are you drunk?Yes, this place is good for you if you're drunk and need to sober up. This place is open 24 hours a day and take credit cards with no minimums. The pho is alright, it's not that raging. I would defo come here since other pho places has a credit card minimum or they close early.
2	For a place in china town with a name that has the word "pho", it's menu had a lot of non-authentic items on it... yeah, yeah I ordered them :) The food came out very fast, a little too fast for us because the calamari I had to start was very undercooked. The spring rolls were okay and my pho was a little salty and little flavor. Service was okay, but all around we've experienced much better in china town.
4	Open 24/7!Honestly, I don't remember what I had but it was good! All I know is, if I were hungover, I will hands down convince all my other hungover friends to go here and have some good, homemade Vietnamese food!
3	Pho Kim Long (LOL, even though I'm Vietnamese, I still can't help but laugh when I hear those words. I'm juvenile, I know.)This place has been my life saver for all of my Vegas trips. All my nights in Vegas are filled with a blur of major partying and drinking, while my mornings are filled with puking my brains out. Although I don't want to eat anything when I'm that hungover, I gotta say that Pho is the best cure.Don't expect Pho comparable to the likes of Westminster, but it'll do. Just order your pho, drink lots of water, and try to sober up for another night of drinking!PS: I heard it's open 24 hours, but I've never been here after the club. I'm too busy craving Steak & Eggs at that time! ;)
2	I must of been Vegas-style drunk and staying out late starving, the last two times I was driven out here. Cause this most recent trip (though not completely sober yet not completely famished, either) I did not find much enjoyment in their food.This go around, I had the chicken pho. The chicken was cut up into thin slices of white meat which was a bit chewy. The broth was pretty much a fail with very little flavor. At 8 or 9 bucks for this bowl of noodle soup, I definitely expected better. And since my food was unsatisfying, I took a few bites off of a friend's fried rice. That  was too oily for my taste. I was not feeling that either.So aside from the very quick service (got our food in about 5 minutes after they took our order), the complimentary hot tea, open 24hrs., and the fact that the name does have a tendency to make people laugh and tell off colored jokes at 3 in the morning, it's just not the local spot for good Asian eats.If you had the "best" of anything here.... you were drunkers, pho sure.
5	Best Pho in Vegas...Nuff Said!
3	Decent food, nothing spectacular. Service is so-so, like any other chinese restaurant. We had about 10 different dishes, everything was ok and no after-the-fact rections so I guess that's a plus :) Definitely decent asian food in Vegas.
4	Oh sweet Pho Kim Long, the memories we've shared. I can't even begin to count the many drunk nights and hungover mornings spent sipping the miracle broth of Pho Tai, or the awkward dates spent loading it with all of the bean sprouts, lemon juice, and hoisin sauce it can hold to sidetrack myself from the shmuck on the other side of the table.I love this place. I'm a long time Pho-lover and have been to dozens of restaurants serving Vietnamese and Thai food, but Pho Kim Long is my favorite - and not just because of the daring name ;)First, they're open 24 hours. Meaning you can stumble in wasted at 3AM on a Saturday and they won't blink twice - as long as you don't stir trouble, or enjoy a lovely non-traditional Thanksgiving day brunch to avoid family members - which I haven't done but have certainly been tempted to. You can also order for pick up. I enjoy that the atmosphere feels fitting for a plethora of different occasions. The restaurant is always clean and has the kind of feel to it where you can easily come here to enjoy a nice date, or to end a night of partying in casual attire. Or call ahead to pick up food and eat it at home in your pajamas - you know, whatever.In general I've stuck with my time tested favorite, Pho Tai - thinly sliced rare beef thrown into a tasty broth and loaded with bean sprouts, noodles, lemon, onions, and what else your heart desires as long as the kitchen has stock. Expect to pay $7-8 for a generously portioned bowl. However, the many times I've been here with friends everyone has been satisfied with their non-Pho choices. If your stomach can hold it, they also have spring rolls to die for and delicious boba smoothies. The quality of food has always been consistent.They lose one star because, unlike the quality of their food, their service is inconsistent. I've never received truly terrible service there, and it is certainly light years above many other Chinatown joints, but you do get the feeling that some of the young waitstaff is only there because they're being forced by parents who likely share ownership.If you're in the area and enjoy Vietnamese/Thai cuisine - check it out. You won't regret it.
4	Learned to like this place for the pho...don't mind that they have Chinese options available also which i have not tried except the eggrolls but the pho is def filling and good..this place has become my go to hangover spot/ comfort food spot/ late night spot and just the place you go when you want pho. *they bring out the food fairly quick but on a few occasions there was always 1 person at the table who had to wait 10-20 mins before they're food came out while everyone else had their food already.
3	Pho pho pho. OPEN 24 HOURS! Yay.It tastes just okay. Nothing amazing or to tell others about. I was sad that they didn't have the shrimp-paste and comtam type dish here; I was seriously craving it more than Pho.However, you can't be picky about cheap(in an Vegas sense) pho. One day I'll find a better place. Oh, beware of terrible drivers that park horribly.
1	Lets start with Service... The service is pretty damn horrible. When I always go to Pho Kim Long I feel like I'm not wanted there. I feel that if your gonna open up a business that "Serves" people, then SERVE the people. This place has the worst service I've ever experienced in my life. Food. its eh nothing to boast about.If I could give this place half of 1/4 of a star I would =\PS. if you want thai tea just go next door to LEE's Sandwiches .. they at least get it to you.
5	Ooh, great Pho! From the Bay Area so our standard of Pho is high. It didn't disappoint. Food was delicious, especially the chicken with seasoned rice and the verimicelli plates, but best of all, the service was excellent! Everyone was so nice and on top of things. Plus the place was probably the cleanest Pho place I've ever been to. Will definitely go here again!
4	Best place to get food late nights the Pho is really good and always fresh and the orange chicken and sweet and sour chicken are pretty good to.
1	They're pho is very fast food tasting and their service is terrible. They're rude and kind of racist especially when bringing people not Asian. They mess up orders for them or don't even bother to write down their order. I used to like the place, but when I saw discrimination and prejudice towards people I brought with me...I stopped going. They don't deserve my business.
2	Pho is probably the best remedy for a night of heavy drinking. Especially when you are driving home that very morning from Vegas. Open 24 hour's-1 Star Generous Meat Portions in the Pho Dac Biet-1 Star That's all i can give this place, because the broth here is so rich in MSG that its a joke. It was so salty that i barely drank the broth and just ate the noodle and meat. The servers here gives off a negative vibe toward its customers. Though its probably family own it seems that the workers aren't interested in their work. Customer Service/Food Quality both fail at this establishment: Find another place for your Hangover Remedy
2	4 stars for being open 24 hours and having a sweet name....2 stars for eh food.  I was pretty sobered up by the time we got here, maybe it's ah-mazing when you're drunk?  My bun with bbq chicken and spring rolls was ok.  Mike C. didn't like his roasted chicken with rice at all, said it was super dry.  The pho was eh, not the best.  The porridge was tasteless, had to add hoison and fish sauce to it just for the sake of adding some flavor. They did have a pretty decent variety on their menu from what I remember and our dishes came out pretty quick.1 star for my friend having to wait forever for his fried rice.  Everyone got their dishes before he did.  Fried rice?  That should be the first thing out, I was about to go to the kitchen and whip some up myself.1 star for bad service.  The servers gave looks like they hate their life and lagged on getting our check and filling our waters.  Sure it's 3am and they probably don't want to be there let alone put up with a bunch of drunk Asians, especially some of the ghetto fabulous ones I saw there.  But sorry, you're in customer service so please try to fake it for us at least.1 star for being stranded here because our crazy ride ditched us and we had to walk along the street to flag down a taxi to take us back to the strip.  This place is not walking distance from the strip but only 10 minutes away by car.  Ok this isn't Pho Kim's fault, but just thought I"d add it in anyways hahaI'd only come here again if I had a ride locked down and super drunk so I couldn't taste anything or care about service.
2	Tip: Need to be sober and coherent before eating at a late night joint such as Pho Kim Long.Had I had some reasoning and a little rationale I could have just stuck with their specialty...ie...the pho...duh...it's in their title name. But I went with a random picture in the menu, the roasted chicken with seasoned rice #38.Again pictures do help especially if you're drunk, but the actual meal was nothing like the picture in the menu. The rice was super dry and the chicken was not good. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yfxDa8RFOvJPQh0rNtakHA?select=yBVkwiixnbBbSMCEUaHOnQBut hey...it's in the menu and this restaurant is responsible for its contents. So just because they're specialties are pho, they should still put in some effort for the less frequented menu items including the roasted chicken and rice that I had ordered. Word!!!!No doubt, I'll be back....and no doubt I'll be drunk again. But hopefully I should have my mental notes in place and some rationale fortitude to order the good stuff next time. Still, you can't beat the open 24 hours a day and family style dining in this Vegas off-strip restaurant.Their name is funny too...word
3	Not the best pho I've ever had, but this is the only place to satisfy a pho craving at 4am. After a night of dancing and everything else that comes with it, pho really hits the spot!! Even if the broth is MSG-laden.I will be back to satisfy a 4am pho craving, but most likely will not be back during normal business hours.
3	24 hr Pho!! Price is on the high side. Their Pho is just okay...but hey it's open 24hr. Good spot to grab a bite after a long night of drinking @ sin city.
3	If you are looking for quality pho.... the kind that you can buy for $4.95 in NYC or only a tad more in LA.... this is NOT the place. I have been here several times... many in fact... and it merely became a late-night 'hangout' where men ogle women after they get out of a nightclub. It can be amusing to spectate once in a while but if you want to find a place for great food and avoid potential creepers, I would try elsewhere ;). Some of their rice dishes are pretty good once in a while and their calamari is hit or miss. I have friends who always order the calamari... The prices aren't over-the-top, but once again, I am a spoiled New Yorker who's used to the best Vietnamese food being extremely cheap and convenient. The number one pro of this restaurant is the hours of operation. It's always nice to have an Asian restaurant to chill and eat at during all hours of the night ;)
3	Pho best hang over cure ever for vegas but limited on add ins like certain meats. Service is ok, but horrible for large groups. Their alright in my book, because every time my groups order is put in, our soup comes out within 5 mins, so not complaining.
3	This is one of my "Go To" places when I feel the need to have some Vietnamese or just about anything asian cause it's all good, well actually the Pho is OK, not my favorite but just about everything else is really good.  The atomosphere is pretty chill.... It's a pretty big place but the service is fast and the food is always the way it should be.  My favorite is the shrimp/pork vermicelli bowls that they have... I think it's #24 on the menu, if you get a chance give it a try ;)  Also another thing I love about this place is that it's always open when I want to go, so another reason this is one of my "Go To" place for asian cuisine.
2	Their broth is not flavorful enough but it's ok. The meat is good in the Pho but that's about it. Nothing too great And the Pho costs about 7 dollars. Good thing is their open 24/7. Would rather go to Cali for some Pho for sure!
4	There's something good if we are coming here 2 days in a row every time we are in Vegas. Not the best pho I've had, but in a land of $65 buffets a $8 bowl of quick and warm stomach soothing goodness sure does a hangover'd body good. Save your money on food by eating pho, save it for the slots!
4	For a Vegas Vietnamese/Chinese restaurant, this place isn't too shabby.  Coming from the O.C., I'm used to some of the best Asian food that is cheap.  Prices here are a bit steep but I guess I don't mind eating here so I can take a break from all the other foods here.Pho Dac Biet: mmm I like their noodles.  It's very nice and soft.  Okay meats.  Soup base was...not bad.  I felt the MSG a little bit past midway eating.  Plenty of veggies given (bonus!) and water is always provided :)  Overall, I would get it again.  But with a coke.Walnut Shrimp: really good.  Not too oily.  Delicious caramelized and crunchy walnuts.  I love the fact that the shrimp was so plump!  YUM!Clean and contemporary atmosphere.  Diligent service.  Will definitely come back. :D
4	24 hour vietnamese food. oh yea and its in las vegas. the only reason why it's lacking the final star is because its so far away!nestled in the heart of Vegas' Chinatown - Pho Kim Long (i don't know about them - but pun is intended for me!) this place is always busy. luckily its large enough and they cook fast enough that the wait (if you do have to wait) is never that long. they can churn out everything from Pho to Bun Bo Hue - to fried rice, deep fried quail, to vermicelli bowls to vietnamese crepes! i have yet to have anything on the menu that i didn't enjoy. and if you need a pick me up - get the vietnamese coffee. way better than a quad shot at starbucks :)
4	A Chinatown in Vegas?? Only a measly 10 minute cab ride away? Vegas, you really do have something for everyone!After a night of enthusiastic fist pumping to Armin van Buurin at Marquee, our arms were sore, our feet were hurting, and our stomachs were empty. My friends had already gone the night before (in a limo, no less -- we do it big in Vegas), but pho just really seemed to be a really good idea. The taxi line was monstrous but we managed to squeeze into a 5-person taxi and off we went to pho heaven! The small bowls were big, the broth was brothy, the noodles were noodly, and the meat was definitely meaty. The basil was so basily my friend couldn't help putting several branches in his mouth like a koala. Pho really is the best drunk/hangover food ever.In the words of one of my dear EAP friends... "MM, this really hits the SPOT! I'm not sure which spot it is, but it's hitting it!"Also, I love that they have a large man standing in the front who opens the door for you. Is he a bouncer? A door-opener? Who knows??
3	It was good but nothing spectacular. I ordered Pho noodles with beef and meat balls. Also, shrimp spring roll. The food came out really quick!
4	Pretty good pho favor and the beef is tender too. I heard the used good quality beef.
3	Another late night joint in Chinatown.  Actually, it's like Vegas.  It never closes.  #24 with an eggroll added to it.  That's what I get.  Staff can be difficult at times with so many people showing up but when you want noodles late at night at a decent price this is where you head to.
4	Nice place for a Vietnamese Restaurant near the Las Vegas strip. The service is fast and when I mention fast, they're very fast. They take your orders, your order arrives shortly after, and they pick up your bowls after you're done eating. I appreciate the speedy service, but I think they need to slow down a bit so they can catch a breather and for us to take our time to enjoy our food. If you like fast service at a nice restaurant, this place is for you. I would definitely come back to Pho Kim Long as my choice of Pho for the next time I go to Vegas.
3	The foods were so so, not a WOW, but not bad for late nighter to grab something to eat.  Stop by at 6AM, Pho broth was a little water down, congee just average, but the Mi Xao Dong were good.  Maybe, will stop by next time in Vegas.
2	Rip off. They think they are a 5 star restaraunt. 15% tips was automatically added to the bill. Water was not refilled until I waived down the waiter, waiter did not check to see what we neeeded, we had to pay at register. Food B, Service C, Atmosphere B, Price C.
2	Get ready to feel like you aren't welcome by the rude guy that has seated me the 3 times I have been there. I only go there for the funny name. The wait staff is rude and very slow. I will go back if someone else is buying. I'm sure I can find better Pho places in Vegas.
5	great place to eat.i go there every time i am in vegas
2	What can I say about Pho Kim Long? It's nothing special. You know you've wasted a dinner, when less than halfway through your meal, in the company of your family, we can conclude that my mom could've done a better job. My MOM! Worse, I found a dead ant stuck to one of my onions in my pho bo vein, which I should've taken a picture of and uploaded to Yelp. But I'm a nice guy. I've found worse things in my food from far worse restaurants. I can see the only saving grace for a place like this, is that it's 24 hours and it being one of the few only options available for pho near the strip. But really, my belly wanted more.
4	We came here after clubbing in Vegas to eat Pho.  The wait to come inside wasn't too long.  I thought this place was pretty good.   I ended up ordering Pho. The broth and noodles were delicious.  I am Vietnamese and there is always home cooked Pho at my house so I would know if it's good or not.  This place is not bad at all.  The service wasn't that great because the wait for the food was so long.  The prices for food here is average.  It's the perfect place to come after a long fun night out TRUST ME!  =)
3	I went here with my brothers that love Pho.  I have never had it so why not try it.  We were a party of 10 and we were sat right away and service was great.  However I didn't care for the Pho.  I really am not a soup person.My brothers who LOVE Pho and eat it on all their travels liked it, not loved it.  However the place was packed so I am sure it is good.  I would have given it more stars but I tried the Pho and wished I would have ordered something else.  Pho is not for me...
3	if you want pho or vietnamese food in vegas then this place is coolnothing super special. but its decently cheap and off the strip. i hear its open 24 hours which is cool too. pho when youre drunk/hungover is the best.if you dont like pho, get the bo lo loc (filet minon cubes with white rice)
1	I'm never going to eat at this place again.  We usually come here every vegas trip but this last trip we found a cockroach in our calamari.  Totally disgusting.  ****BEWARE****
4	I come to Las Vegas for 4 days and got tired of eating American food. I wanna try hu tiu and pho.Walked inside and the place was packed. I went there Sat and Sun. Avoid going there on weekends! I order 3 hu tieu and 2 ice coffee. Cost about $38. It's right behind Treasure Island. I took a  taxi. I would definitely come back again. The restaurant is open 24 hours!
5	The pho is good here. The perks of this place being open 24 hours outweigh the sometimes lackluster service and the fact it doesn't have the best pho in town.Besides, I've never been here except between the hours of 2am - 7am. Everyone is hammered so the food automatically tastes better!
5	So much to say about this place, but like the place itself, I'll keep it simple.  First off, leave your snobby expectations of phenomenal service at the door.  That's not the reason you're here.  You're here because it's late, and I mean really late, and you want something to help with your current...umm...'condition.'  And this place has exactly what you need.Get the Fried Egg Rolls and some Pho Tai Chin and you're in business!You'll be feeling a whole lot better come Sunday morning, trust me.
3	open 24hrs!! I ordered house special Fried Rice cost almost $10.00. Unbelievable!! Cost almost double compare to L.A.
4	Always a good place for Pho in Vegas. Open 24/7.....late night eats and breakfast. Ate twice here in 3 days....that tell ya anything??? My first visit there a few years ago went like this...Female Server - Hi, what you want?Me - Pho Dac Biet.Female Server - "You want Large bowl or what?" Me - (speaking) Large bowl...(thinking) what happens if I say "or what?"
3	This would be my restaurant of choice when I want pho in Vegas.  Having gone to Vegas quite a number of times, I've been able to try different pho restaurants and I will probably keep going back to this place for my fix, which would be after a long night of drinking.  It's nice inside and the pho tastes good!
4	Pho Kim Long is Pho Kim Gooood! They're fried tofu is delicious! The sauce to dip it in is amazing.The pho is pretty good.  Their broth is flavorful and the meat is cooked just right.  While not the best pho place ever, I would recommend this place after a long nights/morning worth of clubbing as its pretty close to the Strip.  Price could be a bit cheaper too but definitely a place worth checking out.
4	I've been coming to Kim Long's for around 3 years now since my brother moved to Las Vegas. The Pho is one of the best I've had and definitely the best in Las Vegas. The broth is just right and the meat is cooked just right.I like the fact that the restaurant is open 24 hours. When I had my Pho it was 2:00 AM and the place was packed!!
4	The food is amazing!!!!! I love going there at odd hours of the night as well!! Service is not the best, but I'll keep going back just for the food!
4	I have been to so many Asian restaurants and their host or hostess is never friendly. But today I went to Pho Kim Long before heading back to Cal., their hostess name Nena/Lena was the amazing.  She was very friendly and she have beautiful smile all throughout the day. We got our drinks and food quickly after they took our ordered.
3	Pho in Vegas?  Who would have thought?  And 24 hours?!!Coming off of the best pho I've ever had at Vietnamese Central in Westminster, Orange County, CA...  this place was flavorful, but not AMAZING.[=THE 411=]I'm assuming if you're a visitor, you'll come here either for cheap lunch or for a late-night, post-clubbing chow-down.  I think this place will do it for either one -- as long as you're craving pho.[=SERVICE/WAIT=]We came in with a group of 10 for a late-ish lunch.  Parking wasn't too hard, even though the lot was pretty full.  They seemed pretty busy too, but we only had to wait 5 minutes or so to get seated, so that was surprising.  Waters came out quickly, so OK on the service.[=THE FOOD: PHO=]Pho is definitely the thing to get -- cheapest for the most food.  I had one of the pho with three cuts of meat.  It was a little salty and I wish they had more noodles, but no other complaints.  I wish they had given more bean sprouts and basil for our large group, but I'm sure we could have asked and they would have gladly obliged.[=VERDICT=]I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here next time I visit Vegas unless I was specifically craving pho -- but chances are, I'll get something better/more expensive, or cheaper/closer.  If you're only visiting Vegas for a few days...  why get something you can get anywhere else?
3	I remember eating at this place before leaving Lost Wages. The server had these sunglasses that was hanging off of his face , kinda like the guy that was playing Dracula in Bram Stokers Dracula with Wynona Ryder in itIt looked like if his face wouldve caught the fan the glasses wouldve fell right off haha.He looked ridiculous.The pho was ok, the goi coun was ok, the service is typical Asian.
3	The food was okay, no cilantro or mint in our fresh rolls or noodle bowls (disappointing) Ceramic plates and bowls weren't very clean (that bothered me) Extra points for the waiter telling the truth when asked about MSG in their broth!
3	Great place for good food, quick. The best for late night eats after cruising the late night haunts. Always packed, great looking people. I would like to rate this place a 4, but my last trip ended with a local kid, driving a far too big Escalade tagging my side door. Security at the door, but they should have better security in the parking lot. Great late night place, but if you value your car, park with caution.
5	open 24 hours! i ordered pho and it was good! meat & noodles didnt taste old everything tasted fresh. we got seated quickly n the best part about this place is the price! its off the strip so food is back to normal pricing. love this place!
5	best vietnamese food i've had in a very long time...very clean and modern interior which you might not guess from how it appears from the exterior...the staff is awesome and very helpful...definitely try the fresh young coconut juice and the pho...can't go wrong...will be trying again!
3	The pho here was really good. Portions were alright. I got the chicken pho  one day and the dac biet the other. Price was 8-something for a bowl. Don't get the special fried rice because two of my friends who ordered it did not finish it. Other dishes to stay away from are the salty fish fried rice and the porridges.
4	This joint is open 24 hours!!!  Sold. I had the pho dac biet, and it was super good.  The broth was flavorful and clear and the meat was, surprisingly, very tender.  The noodles were firm and everything was just delicious.  I would normally order pho thai rather than pho dac biet, but I was feeling like a fatty and went ahead with it.  The wait staff were friendly and patient so that's always a plus.  The facility was CLEAN!!  Now, that's something you don't see very often in pho joints.I also ordered the che ba mau (three-color dessert) and it was just okay.  It was in a small cup and I was charged $3.50.  Kinda pricey, but, meh, I've had better.  I took my parents here (who grew up in Vietnam and are self-proclaimed pho connoisseurs) and they really liked the food.  Score!  I pat myself in the back. The only downside was that it's a little pricier (by $1 or $2) than what my family and I were used to paying compared to pho in LA .  A couple dollars may not seem as much, but it'll add up.  That aside, come here and enjoy the pho.
3	I always head to this place and get their Pho Tai (beef on the side).  I think this place is one of the better pho places in Vegas.  Like going here after a long night of partying and feeling hungover the next morning.  Their spring rolls = no bueno!  Just not up to par!!  They also lose points for not having raw beef salad.  I see many so-called authentic dishes on their menu but no bo tai chahn??  WTF?!?The restaurant is clean with many seating but can have long waits on weekends.Funny thing is when I call for a cab leaving the place...I always tell them the addy first...then they ask what's the name of the business...I go "Pho Kim Long" (that's what she said).This place should be a 3.5 stars...but no raw beef salad...3 stars!!
4	Pho Kim Long... say that 3x's fast!!! LOLNot only is the name great.. but the food is amazing!!  And take that from a Vietnamese person!!If you are new to the Vietnamese food world... stick to the basics and get a Pho Ga (Chicken Soup)... but if you're feeling a little adventurous... Pho Kim Long definitely has more... hence the name... LOLI always, always get the claypot pork.  A perfect compliment to that is steamed rice and canh cua (hot n sour soup).  If you are in the mood for fish, they have a crispy friend fish that is really good.You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu... so it's really about what you are craving that night... or morning (after the clubs)!!Enjoy =)
4	Ok first of all, the name itself gets 5 stars- LOVE it!  Whether it's intentional or not, it's hilarious and made me want to go there.After a long night of partying and drinking on the strip, my girls and I were in the mood for some good Chinese food.  We asked our taxi driver for his recommendation, and he told us to go to Pho Kim Long for the Vietnamese food.  Man, are we glad we listened to him!  That was the best drunken feast I've ever had in my life.The spring rolls and the honey walnut shrimp were on point!  Everything else was super delish too.  I'm hesitant to give this place 5 stars ONLY because I was slightly inebriated when I dined here, so I don't know how trustworthy my judgment is.  However, I will definitely be coming here next time I hit up Sin City.Pho Kim Long and Pho Kim Gooood =)
4	Whenever we go to Vegas we insist on stopping at Pho Kim Long! It was the name that initially attracted my attention, but the food is awesome too! They have a lot of vegetarian options, but my favorite is the crispy noodles that look like a nest. The service is fast and pleasant and prices are very reasonable.
3	It is definitely one of the better Vietnamese restaurants in LV Chinatown. Very clean and simple decor. Definitely looks a bit fancier than your average pho restaurants, probably because it is in Vegas. Open 24 hours so that is a great plus! I guess it does have to be since it is again..in Vegas.The food was ok, i had their Beef Luc Lac (sauteed beef filet pieces in traditional Vietnamese marinade served with salad and rice). Now the meat was tender, but what i wish they did differently was served me some flavor rice. Most Vietnamese restaurants serve Tomato Flavored rice with their beef, this place just had plain ol steamed rice which was a bit bland and dry for me. Also i had one of their lemonade drinks, it was warm and only had a few pieces of ice in it. My parents had the pho, which looked and smelled good but they definitely looked small. My grandparents had the traditional Vietnamese dinner with stewed fish and sweet and sour soup. They loved it, so hey it must mean something.Anyways, go here for a nice change from fancy restaurants and buffet in Vegas! Never close!
4	Went here with my friends after a DRUNK at Tao nightclub. I have to say for Pho made at 330am it was fantastic! The fresh rolls were also quite delicious. Now all this might have been because I was plastered but the hot broth sobered me up and tasted great....basically 3am + Pho = can't complain :)
3	The pho here was ALRIGHT. We came here after clubbing at Marque and I was content with it for Vegas. Although after sitting down no one came to our table for a really long time until we clearly made hand signals for someone to come and take our order. The soup was good I suppose, but not amazing. I figured it was Vegas and you get what you get in a tourist city. The one thing that bugged me was that they charge you $1 if you want your rare steak on the side...NOT EXTRA just on the side which didn't make sense to me. I ordered the beef balls pho and the menu said it was $1 for an additional topping so I asked for rare steak on the side (not knowing there was an additional charge for having the meat on the side in the first place) It was a regular bowl and when the bill came it was $10 dollars. In the world of Pho that's pretty pricey for a small bowl. I mean this place looks a little more "nice" then regular pho joints, but it definitely wasn't upscale. It just looked like a fast pace late night pho restaurant.
4	My whole vegas trip was kind of a blur, but the brief time I spent sitting down and eating here was a nice enjoyable break. Ordered the vermicelli bowl with pork and egg rolls. I've gotta say, their pork was pretty top notch. Barbecue'd and juicy with a nice fire grilled flavor. Damn!! It definitely was a step above all the other vermicelli bowl's I've had. Everything else in the bowl was pretty standard; comparable to most Vietnamese joints, but the pork was the extra kicker that gave this rating an extra one and a half star. Service was pretty nice too and it was clean inside. Overall pretty nice experience.
4	This is the go to spot me and my friends head to after a night long out in Vegas. It's open super late, and the pho is pretty decent with lots of noodles and meat. Costs lil' more than Tuscany Suites steak and eggs, but sometimes pho is the only cure for a night of heavy drinking!Oh and they serve WHOLE fresh coconuts here. Very refreshing, and a great source of electrolytes :)
5	The best one that is open 24 hrs in Las Vegas!It was my first time visited Vegas last May, and tried this place out since it's the only one that is open for 24 hrs long and I loved it, then I recommended my aunt, uncle and little cousins to try it when they go to Vegas and they did! So yeah they've just been in Vegas on July and ate at pho Kim Long for the first time ever and my little cousin texted me on the phone right the way to say it is very delicious! They had their meals at Kim Long twice while visiting Las Vegas and it made me so proud because my little cousins are very picky about Vietnamese foods but they loved it there. :)
4	Good Vietnamese food. Only thing is that It's just slightly more expensive and the quantity is a bit smaller compared to Vietnamese restaurants in LA and OC. But you're in Vegas baby, so that's pretty much expected yo.Nice and clean interior decor though. I really love the fish thanks they have in here too.
5	I have been here numerous times and the food is always consistent.  I usually get the spring rolls, pho tai, and thai iced tea.  Spring rolls are pretty good but I wish they would be put some fresh mint in their rolls but overall they are pretty good.  The broth for the pho is perfect, every single time, I'm actually craving some pho as I am writing this.  Top it off with a thai iced tea and I am good to go.
3	If you are a vegas regular , love vietnamese food, hungover and do not want to overpay for food on the strip go to PHO KIM LONG!The interior of this place is suprisingly "classy" inside (as compared to your hole in the wall pho place) and how can the name of this place keep you away?
4	In my opinion, this is the ONLY place to eat pho in Las Vegas. This place has the best broth, and if you don't believe me, believe the line. This place is definitely always on the schedule for any trip I have to Las Vegas. Prices are reasonable, which makes this place great (somethings in Las Vegas are just WAY overpriced). Going at an off-hour for Lunch/Dinner will usually give you a better experience.
4	After hearing several people Rave about Pho Kim Long, I decided to check it out; and I can say I was not disappointed.The place is fairly big and we were seated immediatley (there can be a wait but they burn and turn pretty fast). The staff was attentive and we had several people swing by the table to make sure we were doing OK.The menu is impressive, I was just expecting your average Pho place, but they menu covers much more, apps, Pho, entrees, smoothies, and much much more.I decided on the #11 Rare Steak and Brisket Pho. I also got an order of the Chinese Doughnuts to start.My only complaint is that the doughnuts were plain, when I usually order them they're covered in sugar, but a little quick thinking and I was using the remaining Peanut Sauce from my companion's spring rolls for a great dish.The Food came out insanely fast, the apps were good, but the Pho stole the show. The Steak and Brisket were both tender and delicious. The noodles were plentiful, and the broth was rich.I will be going back without a doubt!
4	came here again for my second vegas tripfoods came out very fast! and always delicious just like I had a year ago!I've had a beef brisket pho and a thai iced tea!you won't be disappointed!
4	HOLY NOODLE PARADISE!!! Best place to come for noodles of love and goodness at 4am. The place reminded me of a spot you would find in Brooklyn or Long Island which instantly made me feel like a hug from home. The noodles and broth are sooooo amazingly good and even though it was 94 degrees outside I didn't care. The noodle soupie was speaking to my soul. A MUST TRY when in Vegas and want to roll like a local.
5	Great place, nice speedy staff, even remembers me and my reg orders. Food is good, quick, and hot. Real friendly best buddy atmosphere, plus open 24/7. A Vegas staple. Win
4	*Disclaimer: I'm 1/8 Vietnamese and I've grown up on pho! :D *PARKING: Crazy lot. Am I back in the 626?!AMBIANCE: This place is THE nicest vietnamese restaurant I have ever been to (Yes, it's nicer than Brodard!) Everything is so nicely decorated, and the interior is gorgeous. It's a decently large restaurant, but the decor flows very well!FOOD: The pho is definitely on point and their dry noodle is delicious! Perfect cure for that late night party scene. My friend tried their porridge, and he said it was great with the chinese donut.MISC: The wait gets pretty long here for lunch, so maybe try the 3AM-4AM crowd instead. Remember the taxi and be safe!
4	24hr pho place?! Done deal! HahaCame here with some of my sorority sisters after the club. We were so excited for some pho! Took a cab here from the strip (about $12). It was pretty crowded, but we got seated right away. Ordered a rare steak pho. Delicious as usual. They give A LOT of bean sprouts..I was in heaven! Haha. So generous. Maybe a bad idea to eat pho the night-of because that's a lot of liquid. Probably will rethink to go the next day instead, haha.The name of this place still throws me off, haha.
4	After a long night of clubbing at Tryst, my girls and I were on a hunt for some delicious pho.  We were searching on Yelp for a few places, but our valet guy told us to head to Pho Kim Long since it's open 24 hours.The place was super packed at 2:30AM!  Not even just young club go-ers, but families of people were all enjoying the pho.We ordered 2 rare steak phos and an order of the fried calamari appetizer.  My bestie mixed the fish and the chili sauce together to make a yummy dipping sauce for the calamari.Apparently there was a lot of Star anise in the broth that made it a little sweeter than normal.  Otherwise, the pho was yummy and perfect for what we needed that night.Service was a tad bit slow, but like I said, the restaurant was packed so it's okay.
3	At 4Am I couldn't pass the chance to eat pho at Pho Kim Long!I ordered the the #13, which is the combination pho. It was alright.  I was full off of alcohol that I couldn't finish my soup. haha. But no doubt it was a good late night snack.Service was good. They handled all the people that came after clubbing.I will be back for sure!
4	every time im in vegas i end up here after a massive night of drinking pho = the best hangover cure!i love this place mainly bc it's called "pho kim long" i mean common that's funnythe service is fast and the food comes out fastthis is my go to place and i recommend this for anyone who has a hangover in vegas i always get the pho tai, less noodles, no cilantro and i ask for steamed sprouts and i side of white onions. what?! i'm a pho snob :P
4	A staple every time I visit Vegas..Pho is outstanding..Spring rolls are always a go to.. Service always spot on..
2	Food was okay but SERVICE was HORRIBLE! The only nice service we got was from the young hostess in front (they got an extra star because of her). We came in with a large group so we had to wait before being seated which is understandable. Once seated, the waiters taking our order did not seem happy with their job but we were still okay with the service. We paid our bill and left a GENEROUS tip due to the large party. The HORRIBLE part was on the way out. My husband was carrying my son out first (while the rest of the party was gathering their belongings) when a waiter said to him in a very rude way, "Move out of the way". Come on now, you can at least say excuse me. That was the final straw for my husband, he told the waiter that he was extremely rude, and he would like to speak to the owner of the establishment. Turns out he was the son of the owner and the owner was not there. We asked for his dad's number so we can call him but he of course wouldn't give it to us. We probably would have been okay if he had just apologized and said he was in a rush or something but he didn't seem to care. I guess if the son of the owner doesn't care about how he treats the customers, there's no reason for the other workers to care either! Needless to say, we won't be going back.
4	the only place I go to for after hours in vegas. i went last week and we went for the next day rejuv, and then went out that night and took a cab there at 4am. it's just what I have to get in my body to be happy. Pho, spring rolls, fried rice, and the salt and pepper pork steaks. their pad thai wasn't bad either. service is good, price is decent and the portions are great.you wont' regret this place!
4	four stars only because the calamari is too good it's soo expensive.  i like the bbq meat and egg roll on vermicelli noodles.  my mouth is watering just thinking about it :)OH and definitely DO NOT GO ON sunday between 9am-3pm.  it's like rush hour.  we went last sunday and i couldn't even make it to the front door.  unfortunately, we left.  but it's not enough to keep me away for good
2	Hey i'll give it to them..they have a clean restaurant...somewhat.. well compared to NYC Chinatown. The pho is okay. I actually prefer the ones in NYC Chinatown, and i feel like the bowls in NYC are bigger. I have to admit that i am a fan of their vietnamese iced tea. That's about it. I had the pho with rare roast beef and well done flank. I mean it was okay...Just no wow factor. The bowl itself wasn't that filling. I killed it and felt like I could have eaten more if wanted to.Our server also sucked. We ordered some cha gio. At 1st the waiter had no idea what we wanted. This guy actually didn't even know the menu period. We would want something, and then he'd be like errr lemme look at the menu. What a fool. Then when we incorrectly pronounced the cha gio, he gave us this weird look and then walked away. Then he didn't even punch it into the computer., so we never got it. Terrible service!!!Granted this place is cheap..but it's just whatever. I have had better.
3	Not bad at all! I was pleasantly surprised! Restaurant had a nice ambience to it, clean and pretty spacious! Definitely not like OC pho places! I got pho tai nam and egg rolls! The broth was pretty addicting and tasty! I figured out why a bit later: MSG. I'm a walking MSG radar because for some reason my body resists it and Induces all sorts of symptoms...headaches, itchy nose, eyes get slightly watery, and queasy feelings! I felt really sick so I had to stop eating it.Egg rolls were really good, hit the spot for some reason! Probably hits the spot for everyone who goes to this restaurant. Pho is the remedy after a crazy, drunken night(s) and hangovers. Enjoy! :)
2	Great food. Absolutely HORRIBLE service, actually brought wrong food, didn't bring drinks at all, didn't fill waters even once, didn't clear dishes and didn't bring check.  They were not busy, the waiter just wanted to talk with his friends,  As my people say, NEVER AGAIN!
2	This place pho king sucks. Me and my buddies came here on the last day of our edc weekend before the long drive back to SF.*Warning - do not order the fruit drinks, they are made w/ powder and taste super generic and sweet aka fake. We were like oh its 137 degrees outside, a nice watermelon, or pineapple, or strawberry drink sounds amazing and refreshing, when we got it we all literally took one sip and didn't drink it after that.  Oh but they looked like they could glow in the dark, i guess that's kinda cool? On top of that the pho took forever to come, maybe they forgot, but the ones who ordered rice plates pretty much finished it before the pho even came.  Pho should take no more than a few minutes to come out, not over 10 minutes.  I must say it's understandable for the ones including myself to finish our rice plates first because portion wise they were probably made for babies. I had one tiny porkchop and some rice, usually at Vietnamese restaurants you're not able to see the bottom of your plate because its filled with food, but this plate was very bare.  Bottomline: food took forever, drinks sucked, and for 5 guys the bill came out to $80. Pho'ck that.OH and on top of that, they gave us the bill before our pho even came! (probably because they noticed some of our plates empty) wow...best believe we didn't tip.
4	TIME SPENTmany meals - Lunch/Dinner/Late NightLAYOUTvery spacious with an overflow private room.   lots of asian themed decorations (thai, buddha, fish tanks, etc).SERVICE/FOODgreat service...  maybe because i'm a regular.??   PRO1. great PHO2. good appetizers (pot stickers & calamari)3. huge menu4. boba tea selection is always good5. rarely closed - 25.hours/dayCON1. chinese menu is OK.   my american friends enjoy it.^^;2. seafood menu is MEH.   i've ordered Clams in Black Bean Sauce and their Giant Scallops and can recall how awful they tasted.PRICINGaverage cost...  nothing that will blow out your wallet.CLOSINGi love eating here because it's always busy, even at 2am...  and that lends to a very exciting upbeat atmosphere.   my only gripe is it tries to do too much with it's menu and the result is not all that great.NOTE* i hate being served only 2 meatballs for my Pho Dac Biet.!!
4	Pho Kim Long, your pho is pho king good!  After a night of partying, we were tired, hungry and hungover.  When we got dropped off by our cab, we were dreading the wait as there were tons of people already in line.  Thank goodness we didn't wait longer than 20 minutes and as soon as we ordered our food appeared magically fast.Perfect hangover cure with your delicious broth and flawlessly cooked noodles.  The broth is full of flavor- hot, salty, yet sweet from all the onions & cilantro in the soup. Even best is that the rare beef isn't chewy but tender and I'm able to actually eat it without feeling like it's going to choke me on the way down.  Trust me, a lot of Vietnamese Pho places rare beef is so chewy you can't eat it.  I just got back from LV and I am already in need of pho from here.  Pho Kim Long has one of the most flavorful pho's I have ever had.  BTW...what's with these names at these Vietnamese restaurants?  Pho King Funny!  Pun intented.
5	This place is like a well-oiled factory machine.  They crank people in and out of this place like professionals.  You would think that would mean that the food might suck, but no, the pho here was great.  I'm not a big fan of pho cause I think there are better vietnamese dishes to be had.  So if I think it's good, that's saying a lot.  Granted, I had a huge hangover from the night before, but the broth here was delicious.  The rare steak was tender, and the tendons were good.  The texture of the noodles were also very good.  Not too soft, and not too hard.  I was the first of my friends to finish and I devoured it.  We also ordered spring rolls here.  It was tasty, but would have been better if it was served with noodles and lettuce.  We came during lunch time on a Sunday afternoon.  The line was ridiculously long, but the best part was that once we ordered our food, it was served within 5 minutes or less.  The waiter was also kinda funny.  Who knew...Oh...and they're open 24 hours.  Will have to revisit after a hard night of Vegas drunkeness.  Beats pho at the TI by 100x.
4	Great place to come after a night out drinking.  The pho broth is really good here, prices are decent and food comes out really fast... and the garlic calamari is awesome!!  Probably one of the best calamari's I've had.. or maybe its the alcohol in me, but the portion was pretty big and the taste was addicting..
4	What can I say. First off, very crowded, mostly due to the Hype. I've been to alot of Pho places and this place looks nice, aside from that the cooks/servers are all vietnamese. The bowls of noodles are large and plenty, lots of meet, it taste okay, nothing I haven't experienced. Kind of pricey, but this is Vegas we are talking about. Great service/food.
3	EH....... I'd prob only come here for a drunk after hours bowl of pho. We came here sober, in hopes to cure some of our hangovers with a tasty bowl of pho, but to our disappointment the soup was really off and a tad bit over priced, but of course non comparable to T.I's pricing.. but that's a whole different story. So, long story short... this place is not that great.
3	We decided to give this place try when we went to Lee's sandwiches. It's a Vietnamese restaurant, but the menu is mostly made up of Chinese food. We ordered curry chicken and pork chops on rice and as always some eggrolls with fish sauce. Food was not too bad, services is very typical of Asian restaurant. But I am impressed with the business hours, it's 24 hours! I think I'll make this my destination if I ever need a place to eat when I party too late.
4	I haven't had much Pho, and the only times I've had it were down here in San Diego. My friend and I with a few of his frat buddies came here at like 3 in the morning last weekend. I was so happy we did. It was cheap, delicious, and wonderful. The rare meat in it was perfect. The soup was tasty and I was able to make it spicy as hell because they give you a plate of sprouts, jalapeno, and herbs to season it with. The noodles were plentiful and perfect. I'm holding back on giving it five stars only because I haven't had a lot of Pho before and for all I know this isn't even close to as good as it gets.
4	Pretty legit for a pho place in Las Vegas. Special combination pho is good. Vermicelli is good. Egg rolls aren't that great. Service is better than most places. The only thing that kept me giving them 5 stars was the price. Everything is $1 more than it should be.
3	after a night of partyin with my boys they wanted to hit up this place. wouldnt have been my choice, but ehh it was good. i had a chicken noodle green onion plate that i like  a lot..but its just not something i would prefer after a night of drinking.  maybe something id rather have before partying.i love sriracha .
4	I wonder how they come up with these names...Nonetheless, the pho was great. The wait to get a table was short and the food came pretty quickly. There were a lot of things on the menu, including some Chinese cuisine. The prices are pretty low too. However, I just wanted some simple pho. I don't really know how you could get pho wrong and I hope to never experience that, but this place did the trick.Also, it's open 24 hours.
3	This place has a decently large bowl of pho.  You get alot of meat and noodles.the soup was kinda bland in comparison to places in Westminster or any other place in California with a large collection of Vietnamese people.But its in the Las Vegas China town how can i complain.Its decent.
3	This is a fast paced Vietnamese place. I wouldn't necessarily consider it a restaurant. It's clean, but can be crowded because of the tight spaces between the tables. The creepy bathrooms need improving. I only go here for rare steak Pho. However I have tried their steak & broccoli, & it was yummy. Their Pho is good, tastes like any other Pho noodles. The service isn't golden. & the staff is pretty slow to respond. Fast chefs, slow servers. Overall, they have the best Pho place name & is open 24/7! The only Pho place I go to cause of the fast pace food & decent pricing.
4	Good food, good service.
4	Always the place to go to eat before you head back home from vegas :)
3	We were looking for someplace late night, holiday weekend. We found ourselves in Chinatown. My husband suggested we try it, I think we had been once before, and had enjoyed it. Tonight, it was crowded and very busy, big table across from us with loud and noisy group. But we had excellent service. We started off with the fried calamari, it was crispy and very well seasoned, perhaps a little to well, slightly salty. We also got a noddle House Special Pan Fried Noodles. it was very good, flavors that work well with the chicken dish we had, I don't recall the name, but it was good. We also tried a sauteed beef with oyster sauce. I enjoyed it all. The menu is expansive and had alot to offer. With the service fast and attentive and the food good, definitely recommend it!
2	I got sick the last 2 times i came here. The Food is really unimpressive and the service is just the worst.Just skip this place, there are a lot of places for Pho in Vegas
4	A great place in town for Pho!  5 Stars for late night pho, 3 stars for the rest of the menu, but everyone I know that goes here does so for the pho...and usually after 12am.Great late night food...huge menu...perfect prices.
4	One of my go to places for Pho and vietnamese/chinese food in Las Vegas. This place is well known by locals to Las Vegas and visitors. During the weekends, Pho Kim Long will be packed especially during the lunch hour (as most people will come for the pho after a long night of drinking). I usually like to get the special pho with everything in it. The other items that you have to get are the fried egg rolls, the fried salty/spicy chicken wings (these are the best in the area), and of course the ice coffee.
4	I love their pho! The only place i would get pho and the fact that they are open 24 hrs is a plus....but i seriously dislike their staff!!! Ive been going to this place for a very long time and their staff has always been very rude! It would be nice if they could at least crack a smile when servicing you. Other than that, service is pretty quick, atmosphere is inviting, pho never seems to dissapoint!
3	I tried and will, in the future, pass on the spring rolls, "house" fried rice, and tofu Pad Thai. Decent decor, prices and 24 hours so I'm going to go back and find something good here.
4	Com Bo Luc Lac #39: Is good. Very flavorful cubes of perfectly grilled beef.  This plate comes with a good portion of rice and veggies(not bell peppers=boo!) Their chicken wing dish was out-of-this-world good! Crunchy, and covered with bell peppers and fried garlic! Yep!Bun Thit nuong Cha Gio (vermicelli with grilled pork served dry) was aaawwee-some! :) Very good flavor..and that's according to someone who grew up with this dish. :)Best part..they open 24 hours/7 day...anytime you crave vietnamese food! :)
4	Lost my pho-kim virginity about a month ago, it was awesome. I had never eaten pho but was told this place had the best around. I see these little restaurants everywhere around town, one day I will try another place and compare. The soup is pretty delicious, I love all of the extras they give you so that you can flavor it to your liking. The restaurant itself is very clean and always busy. The staff is nice but can be slow and unfriendly which is why they lose a star. If you've never had pho, this is a good place to start and find out exactly what you like in your bowl!
1	pho is good when your hungover.. so i will eat it where ever but there was this one time the busboy was cleaning up dishes and he brought out this bucket of dirty dishes which smelled like complete ass! completely lost my appetite right there but it came back when the food finally came out. they didnt have any sauce trays stocked at our table and my buddy's food came out a decade after i finished my food.. pretty bad restaurant but you cant complain as it is probably the best las vegans can find
4	Just saying the name brings a smile to my face.Eating the food makes me just as happy. So before the fucking long (see what I did there) road trip home, we wanted something different.  So we decided on a meal off the strip.  Heading over to the Chinatown area of Vegas will give you a whole different Vegas experience, especially if you go during the day. If you've never ventured off the strip for any reason, Pho Kim Long would be just as good a reason as let's say a strip club.You'll get just about the same level of satisfaction.You want authentic vietnamese food and friendly service at a reasonable price.  Pho tai, spring rolls, fried egg rolls, strong iced coffee ... they got it all.You know you wanna come here just so you can say ... Pho Kim Long
4	I really love Vietnamese food, after most of my life avoiding this cuisine and preferring other Asian foods. As I learn more about the food and Pho, I like to try so many places.1.  Parking - Easy as it is in a strip mall.2.  Convenience - THis place seems to be 24 hours. That is great for whenever you need to eat great food.3.  Pho - I cannot comment on the Pho here since I did not try it here.  the reason is that their menu is quite extensive and Pho is only about 15% of what they serve. They have a ton of other chinese and asian food here.  The prices did look good here and I just am used to the P1 to P7 type of ordering and then more of descriptions of each.  Perhaps I am still a newbie to Pho.4  Bu Bun Hue - This is the spicy vermicelli noodle and I will come back here to try it as it is the measure which I will rate other restaurants.  It is an authentic and original noodle and if they serve it with Pork Knuckle, I will be in pig heaven.5.  The other stuff - I was truly amazed at all the other dishes that I ordered the salt bake chicken with the ginger and scallion minced sauce. I ordered also the Ong Choy with garlic. (Type of Spinach).  To me, a great restaurant will get the salt baked chicken moist and succulent.  It is both easy and hard to do, because you have to have whole chicken to do this and not the frozen breast. Also, you have to have enough volume of serving this as to make it takes time and you gotta be ready.  The chicken here was absolutely great, although a bit skinny.... The ong choy is also something that is served at higher volume restaurants that cater to real chinese or asian eaters, so having this was also great. 6.  Price - Reasonable, however the stuff I ordered for two of us and the fact that we had to pay for white rice (I do not like this at all) came to 26.00 which I find to be a bit on the high side. Perhaps I should have stuck to the Pho.I will be back to try more of their stuff to give you all a better idea.....GK says try it out.
3	Our last lunch spot before my friends and I flew home to the bay. It was a $12-$15 cab ride from the strip, $30 round trip?! Food was decent and price was cheap compared to Treasure Island Pho.  Not sure if I would actually go out of my way to come over to Chinatown just to have some pho here.  Service was slow, but the portions were huge.  They gave me so much meat in my pho that I couldn't even finish it .My friends ordered BBH and it didn't come with pork blood. That was the main ingredient! I also had the coconut drink , cause I was hungover. $5 for the coconut?! i could have gotten another bowl of noodles.  I will not recommend taking a cab , just to eat this pho. I rather walk over to Treasure Island and pay $15 for the same quality of pho, minus the cab ride.
4	After a night out and a massive hangover the following day, this is the place to be.  The chicken pho was very soothing and a true cure to a hangover.  It's a little far from the strip so I would only recommend if you have a car.  Also, they get pretty pack so there can be a wait.
3	Although I go here a  lot when I'm in Vegas be advised if you're white some dishes will be heavily 'sanitized' to suit  your perceived taste without asking.  For example,  on a recent visit I ordered the super combination pho (the one usually at the top of the list at any pho place) and it came without any tendon or tripe...and they didn't throw in more of the 'regular' meats to compensate.
5	My favorite Vietnamese restaurant..Rare steak and Brisket pho is the best food to have in a cold day..charbroiled pork chop is the best pork chop I have ever tried..my favorite is shrimp and pork vermicelli bowl with beef..extra $1 for the beef and it's totally worth it..fills you up.. Taste is remarkable and price is reasonable as it gets...one of my best latenight dinning spots in Vegas.
5	Time for an update. It's been over a year since my last PKL review.Popped in here last night with some friends after a big night out on the strip. Last time, I made mention of the broth because I didn't think it was as flavorful as Pho joints in LA. I can say that based on my most recent experience, it was everything I was hoping for...Perfection!The staff made sure our water glasses stayed full (fail from last time)....but the biggest difference is the remodel.This place looks like a brand new restaurant! Before, it seemed like your typical ethnic restaurant, but they've really cleaned this place up, and added plenty of seating. My guess is they took out whatever business was next door.Since this place IS open 24/7, it's the perfect spot when you are craving Pho after a big night out.Funny side note....at 3:30am, the guy that seats you, is a cop. Badge and all. Pretty awesome.
5	OK, so I'm a big fan of Pho Kim Long, and consider myself a regular there.  There are times I'm here three+ or more nights a week for dinner.  It literally is THE BEST pho for the price in Vegas.  It is the closest to what my mother makes!! The broth is always nice and thick (like it should be in good pho).  I can tell they didn't skimp in bone marrow and beef when they cooked it.  The special always has an abundance of meat.  Perfectly sliced beef, not too many tendons, and one of the finer qualities of meatballs (yes there are different ones in the stores that are better in quality).  The meatballs, better in quality you will notice that when you bite into them do not have a lot of those little white fatty pieces (which are disgusting).The Goi Cuon looks similarly and perfectly rolled like my aunt's.  They stay in shape bite after bite, without lacking in pork and shrimp on the inside.  Most I've tried around town are either poorly rolled, like they rolled the rice papers too tight so it rips when it dries (also an indicator of freshness).  Or...when you bite into one of these delicious appetizers, all you seem to taste is too much rice paper, then I'd feel ripped off because I feel like I got gipped out of pork and shrimp.Nevertheless, with how big the restaurant is and how busy it is, the servers are attentive.  The service is fast (waiting more than 5 minutes for a bowl of pho is ridiculous since everything is pre-made and just needs to be put together).  There's never a ridiculously long wait for me when I go there for a table (please be respective of the number of people in your party and and what time you arrive).
4	This place had a wide selection of food to choose from. Plus there food was good! Anyone who is in Vegas HAVE to go here. Place has a nice setting. Not that expensive either.
4	Pho Kim long is great! most places that try to do Vieatnamese AND Chinese food do 1 or the other good, but this place can do BOTH. I love the mayonaise shrimp, and the spring rolls. The crispy chicken has some kind of garlic crust on it that we just love. Try it the next time you are there. Oh yeah, the service is also super fast.
4	First time trying this place out of the 3 times I've been to vegas and I am impressed by the pho that they have here. It was really tasty. My friend suggested that we have pho here since everyone wanted pho to cure their hangovers. I ordered the chicken pho and it was really good. The place was kind of packed when we got there on sunday. This place is open 24 hours so i will definitely be back here when I come back to Vegas.
4	Whether the name of the restaurant was intentional or not, it would have been nice if  "Kim" was "Ker" and I would do so all night long... because the place is open 24hrs, ya know?  I've been Pho Kiming for years now.. I think its about time to rate its performance.  A solid 4 stars baby!  1 less than 5 only because I haven't climaxed yet.  Reason being?  No Bahn Mi (Vietnamese Fi Dolla Foot Long Sandwiches), which are my fave!  Other than that, they do have an extensive list of other dishes from traditional Pho to ancient chinese Honey Walnut Shrimp and that porridge stuff.  The food, the service and the prices: Pleased, Teased and on my Knees!  I'm deff a repeat customer... Bow Chika Wow Wowww!
2	Pho Kim Long is my go-to for Pho and Bun. I live in Henderson - which is a road trip to Spring Mountain but the food is so good and every Sunday after basketball games at Tark, my family heads to PKL to get our Vietnamese fix. I can't get my boys (2 &6 yrs old)  to eat anything but burgers or pizza but they LOVE, LOVE , LOVE the Pho. The only downer is the customer service. Asian establishments are notorious for horrible service and each time we go this is the case. The past Sunday was the worst. My son dropped his toy and when he went to go pick it up -  what looked like the Manager came over and scolded my son and then told me not to let my children run around! He was up for 2 seconds! It was really rude and could have been addressed in a more professional manner. Because of this incident I might have to look for a new Pho spot.... .
1	Pho is terrible. The slight taste of msg, less than at some places but no for me.
4	We had our last meal here before leaving Las Vegas.  My friends kept talking about this place and I basically felt skeptical about whether or not the Pho was going to be good.  Having been to one other Pho restaurant not too far from here which wasn't great.  The place had an updated interior and had lots of people coming in to eat.  Ordered my usual of Pho Dac Biet, basically all kinds of yummy tendon and tripe in it.   Strangely I think this was the best meal I had all weekend.  One of my friends freaked out that he had tripe in his Pho when he ordered Tai Chin.  Really funny, cause I knew right away when he was asking wtf that meat in his bowl was.  He asked to have the problem fixed and they easily made it right.  From what i know, there are more mediocre or flat out horrible Pho restaurants in Las Vegas.  I can safely say that this was a pleasant departure from the mediocre.
5	Pho Kim Long has the best pho that I have ever tasted and that's saying a lot since I have made it my life's mission to taste every bowl of pho available all over the world!Where else too, can you get reasonably priced, yummy food near the Strip so late at night? One star for the unbeatable pho, one star for the equally yummy chicken porridge, one star for being open 24 hours, one star for its convenient location, one star for the yummy egg rolls...I could give more stars... Pho Kim Long is so good that it's off the scale!Definitely a place that I will visit again when I am back in Vegas!
3	This place is NO BUENO. The only good thing here is the young coconut... Slurp that one up and it's delicious. Next time I come here I will only get that...Ok but to be brief, the service is sloppy. We ordered a beer and never got it. Still was on the bill. We had to flag our waiter down to order. Once our food was at the table, no one ever came to check up on us. The pho i overpriced, the broth is not very well flavored. I was not satisfied. To pull a restaurant name like this, much more is expected.
1	Do not go there.It seems they have security problems here. There is security guards by the door and  inside walking around "BS"ing with the waiters. This is only second time we have eaten here. We won't be returning here again.It was like the "hood" in the restaurant. All sorts of people here late at night. After the meal, I have come to realization. They don't want you to get robbed in parking lot, because they want to rob you inside.We saw some body ordered Hainan chicken last time we were here, so we asked the waiter about this off the menu item. "Yeah, we have it, do you want steamed rice or Haina rice?" Of course, we want Hainan style rice, they should not even have asked. That was stupid! Hainan chicken with rice. Very basic!!It turn out they want you to say "yes" so they can charge $1.50 for this little bowl of microwaved-and-overly-nuked-dry-lump-tasteless rice. They sell half roasted chicken or steamed chicken for $11 on the menu. But if you ordered Hainan chicken, you get a small plate(almost a quarter of chicken) of tough and tasteless chicken for $11 also. Not including rice!!Service was nonexistent. We asked for hot tea, and never got them. I mentioned it when I was paying and got two words, "She forgot." and no apology. If you go, expect getting robbed in or out, and go home with half empty stomach.
3	This place is a must after a night of drinking in Vegas. I stop here at least once when I am in town. The food is okay but definitely hits the spot every time. They have alot of selections which is a nice change if you are not in the mood for Pho. Service is fast so not to long of a wait. A bit on the pricier end but you are in Vegas so complaining is not an option.
3	The name says it all. Laugh out loud.$7.25 for rare steak and flank, small bowl. Broth was good and service was super quick!Right when you enter the restaurant, its packed and you can smell how good this place is. There is also a line. We waited for 30 min with a party of 11 on a Sunday afternoon at 1:00 PM after a night of mayhem at XS nightclub. Opened late night? Even better.
4	This place has really good food for a fairly cheap price the chicken pad Thai is awesome also Thai tea is on point can't wait to go back after a drunkin night out
2	Food is ehhhh. Nothing special but gets the job done. Huge menu with a lot of options.
3	decent, but serioualy whose going to tell at 7 in the morning after a long night of work =]
4	What a name!  The food is pretty good here.  I'd say the second best pho place in Vegas behind Pho So 1.  The atmosphere is a little more upscale and the menu has more variety.  Want to try something less ordinary?  Order the fresh young coconut drink.  Not in the mood for pho?  Try the braised pork in clay pot.  The parking sucks, but I always find a spot.  I always order the soup, but have tried many other items.  Not my everyday eatery, but a nice place to take guests.
4	I often eat Pho but I've never seen a Pho restaurant that big. We arrived at 6:45pm on a Monday and It was packed, which is usually a good sign! The food was served really quick, like we sat down at 7pm, ordered (7:05pm), and the food was served (7:06pm)! It's was almost faster than eating at McDonalds!
5	This place never disappoints. Good food, good service. Although the pho is awesome, we like to try other things they have to offer. Since we weren't very hungry and were there basically to entertain some friends and recommend something "new" to them, we shared the grilled porkchops and baked egg. We've tried this dish at other Vietnamese restaurants before and we definitely recommend ordering the sunny side up eggs instead. The porkchops we're cooked perfectly and seasoned well. The baked egg resembled a mini quiche. No real complaints just a matter of preference. Our friends loved the pho.
5	I've heard so much good stuff about Pho Kim Long, and plenty of jokes about the restaurants name, but the food is definitely no joking manner.  Opened 24 hours  and on Spring Mountain Rd, this place is great for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and the late night hang over snack. But be warned, normal wait time can be  anywhere between 30 min to over an  hour as this place is busy as ever.We ordered  Pho Tai (rare beef), Bun bo hue (it's like a vermicelli noodle soup with different types of beef and you can add this spicy sauce to it), and the Cam bo luc lac (diced tender beef with steamed rice).  The Pho soup has amazing flavors and is rich in texture, but their small and large isn't much of  a difference in bowl size so I'd recommend opting for the large. I can't say much about comparing bun bo  hue to other restaurants as it was my first time, but I'm a fan! My only grip is that I wish they had given more meat for the bo  luc lac dish...it seemed on the skimpier side but the flavors were really delicious.Staff is very attentive for refills, taking empty plates away, and utensil requests. Ambience is clean,  surprisingly  spacious, and constantly busy. Next time I return to Vegas, I can't wait to return to Pho Kim Long!
5	Great place to eat anytime 24 hours! It can get busy ,on weekends especially since the are very close to the Strip, but you can always do to-go orders as well. My family & I have been here more than a handful of time & never had bad service. The food is always great!
2	The food here is only good after a night out of drinking with friends and when we need a place to go to eat and sober up afterwards.  Ehhhh... There are better pho places. The portions are small. The service is awful by the way.
3	"A-OK" is about right. It's the first pho place I've tried in town, and it seems pretty decent, but the bowl I had today doesn't quite match the flavor of restaurants back home in San Jose. Price is a bit much too, especially if you have a regular bowl (i.e. you don't ask for a large bowl or for the pho dac biet, which is inexpliciably #13 on the menu instead of #1). My pho dac biet also seemed smaller in size than a similarly priced restaurant back home. Even the basil is pretty skimpy compared to pretty much every decent or good place in California. The rest of my table wasn't too impressed with the food either. It's unfortunate... I wanted to like this place after hearing from some friends in town, but I guess I'll keep looking for a go-to spot for pho.
4	Ok, I have eaten here all times of day. Lunch, dinner and late night. I have had a consistent experience everytime. Which is half the battle with restaurants these days. The atmosphere is well lighted. Nice but not exactly romantic. Menu is large. For someone new to this type of food the menu can be overwelming and confusing. But, once you find your dish of choice they will have you hooked. Personally I love 12 and 16. They are noodle bowls with beef. I like to add the fresh mint they give on the side. For a drink i highly recommend their Thai ice tea.Also, if I had to recommend a time of day i would say late night. 2am? No problem!
5	This place gets brownie points in my book for being open during the wee hours of the night. This place would normally be an average 3-4 star rating but it gets 5 stars due to the fact that its open 24 hours, it's located off Spring Mountain and Valley View (relatively close to the strip, making it convenient for late night eats for locals getting off work or after a night of clubbing or gambling). What I also like about this place is that no matter how busy it is, service here is FAST! After sitting down and ordering, I'm pretty sure we almost always get our orders (even with parties of 4+) within 15-20min or less!I always start off with ordering their calamari which I find very tasty. Then I enjoy ordering the Mongolian beef or the Bun bo hue; a vermicelli noodle soupy have good pho according to my Vietnamese friends who always order that but I usually don't get it because I'm not in the mood for soup and the bun is basically the same ingredients without the broth.
3	Great tasting pho noodles with authentic vietnamese broth and decent portions.  Open 24 hours, so perfect for early mornings after clubbing on the strip, or later during the day for that hangover cure.  It does tend to get packed though. PROTIP:  You must try the crab rangoons.  Although this is not a traditional Vietnamese dish, the ones they offer here are quite tasty!
2	Happy 2012 LV Yelpers!I finally got to try out PKL several weeks ago with one of my gfs.I'm not a Pho fan so there's no real reason to eat here. But I made the most of it eating other things off the menu.I had their spring rolls, fried rice with char sui, and fresh coconut juice.Nothing amazing. The fried rice was horrible! :(I got to try the fried noodles which was decent.I'm never coming back.2 stars just for being open 24 hours.next.
2	The food is mediocre, the decor is a bit more modern than your typical joint. Hubby ordered the special (dac biet) for $7.25 and I ordered a large bowl of the raw beef with tendon also for $7.25. We also ordered the plain noodle with broth for $5.00, spring rolls and egg rolls for the children.The bowls came full of broth and tender meat, but a disportionate amount of soggy noodles. I told my server that hubby and my bowl did not have enough noodles and they said that's how it's served. So we each order another serving of noodles for $3.00. Spring rolls were puny...really puny for $5.00, about 30% smaller than what you would get in a typical food joint. The egg rolls were super greasy, so greasy I had to roll them into the napkins before I served them to my children. I asked for hot tea, the hot tea never came, but the ice water that I never ordered arrived. The bill came out to be $38 and some change with tip included. (You don't get a choice.) I voiced my disatisfaction with another server who I thought was a manager and then the owner. They just said sorry and did nothing to ameliorate the situation. Overall, the food is ok, but it's expensive considering Vegas is the most wasteful place on earth with all the buffets. If you're really craving for Pho, then it will meet your basic needs, but I would recommend you pass and just go to your local favorite joint.
4	Want an idea of how popular this place is? After a night of clubbing, Kalila and I went to Pho Kim Long to eat quickly before going home. We had left our friends behind at the club. As soon as we finished eating, who strolls in? The rest of our friends that we had been with just about 30-40 mins earlier. We hadn't told them where we were going. Watch out Jack in the crack, people just LOVE pho when they're drunk.Pho or vermicelli always hits the spot. Everyone has their own way of eating pho. Some people prefer lots of bean sprouts & chili paste or sriracha in it. It's all about preference. The last time I ate it, I was a little bummed that I ran out of noodles.A good thing to take note of, is that you can order pho in a small or large size. Kalila is little and she actually finished her small bowl.The location is rather large with lots of tables from wall to wall. They do accommodate to bigger parties, putting multiple tables together if need be.
3	Looking for authentic food, not too far off the strip, this place will hit the spot. You gotta visit just to "check-in" coz of the name alone. Took me a while to figure it out ;/ Busy, busy, busy but lots of seating. Customer service is average as expected. Huge selection and great for big crowds. Kinda smells and not sure how clean the place is.
4	Went here on Christmas Day with my little brother and his girlfriend's family. Parking sucks, as this restaurant is in a strip mall, and some people just don't know how to park. Period. It was very packed for the time we went in, which was about 8 or so, so we had to wait a little while for an open table. I think we were seated first before a few other groups because we were a larger group. The menu isn't exactly anything to go ga-ga over, as their cuisine ranked about the same as most Pho restaurant's I've been to, but they do get major points for being open all night. The food came out quickly and was piping hot, and the staff was very friendly and accommodating. Worth a second trip? I think so.
4	Came here with a group of friends after a night of drinking and clubbing for them. Pretty spacious place and got seated right away. It seems that if you order pho it comes out super fast because our friend ordered it and it came out in no time. I ordered Bun Bo Hue because it's one of my favorite dish as I don't like pho too much. WOW it was SUPER DELICIOUS! I usually don't get the sauce on the side like that and it made the soup really flavorful. It was a good size portion too and it has to be one of the best ones I've eaten. Although it may not be the cheapest but it was worth the money. My bf ordered the Singapore noodles and he really liked it! You can definitely taste and smell the curry spices in the noodles. I would come back to this place again for the Bun Bo Hue!
4	i love how this place was open 24 hours. definitely a good spot to cure that hangover or attempting to sober up. from the time that we sat down, service was superb, however we had to flag down the guy for the condiments. the order and food came out super fast. they were definitely not cheap on the noodle and meat. *two thumbs up*
3	Great for late night drunk food. Yes you have to drive or cab it here from the Strip but it's totally worth it. It's packed at 3 AM but somehow they were able to accommodate my party of 8 in five minutes.- open 24 hours- food came out fast- cheap ($6-$8/bowl)- able to do separate checks- will call cabs for you after you're done eating
3	Came here for late night pho. Opened til 5am. Was pretty packed when our group came. Server was pretty accommodating and fast. We ordered, ate and paid in a timely manner. Was generous enough to split our check (not sure if they usually do this). Price was around $8 for Pho. They called us a cab afterwards.
4	This is good food! The blends of spices and cooking style make this place a hit with me. The have the best selection of dishes here. The meals are as close to homemade is it gets. The service is always fast and the restaurant is the cleanest I have seen out of the several places I have been. I  caution anyone that goes there though, is section of spring mountain is crazy busy with traffic, almost every time I got there, there is an accident.
5	This place is just down right amazing. Coworker showed me and now I'm in love. The place has a very nice design to it, as asian as you can get. Aquariums, Bamboo shoots, buddha statue at the entrance, etc.First thing I order was the regular, straight up, Pho. The broth, the noodles, the seasoning, everything is just plain out amazing. I'm no expert at being a food critic, but I honestly can't find a complaint for this place. The most amazing thing that really gets me is that the meat they put in the broth isn't even fully cooked when it's served. It cooks while the broth is still steamin' hot. Personally, I can find myself going here over and over again. There's nothing wrong with this place at all. Except for the parking. It's a total drag during the busy hours, which is usually night time-ish. However, Pho Kim Long is open 24 hours, which is just amazing.
5	this might be the best pho place i have ever gone to. the decor was great. i love the ambience of the place. the pho was above average, the thing that really got me though is the calamari. its about 10 dollars but its comes in a big serving and it is way worth the money. best calamari i have ever had!!!!definitely coming here again when i am in Las Vegas
3	A great run for some late night pho. Whenever I go to a pho restaurant, I tend to order the same thing - beef flank noodles and fried egg rolls - for a couple of reasons 1) they're the perfect match 2) comparison purposes. I gotta say it was just as good as Pho So 1 by Decatur and Spring Mountain. Service was smooth and speedy. I have yet to know (or so I doubt) that they replace their vermicelli noodles with the yellow egg noodles. till then, i'll rate it 3 stars up for now.
4	The best Pho restaurant in the Las Vegas area.
4	4am.... drunk..... need food......it's cold outside = PHO!!!!Granted I was wasted, but I really enjoyed my pho. That's all  i remember. :)
5	I was very impressed with my experience here at "Pho Kim Long" First of all, I have never had Pho at such a fine dining style restaurant. Most other Pho restaurants are really junky and have those aluminum fold-able chairs and tables that you get at Big Lots. "Pho Kim Long" is completely different. This  place is very luxurious and features giant neon lighted fish tanks, marble floors, marble tables, and comfortable chairs. Even the chopsticks are all high quality. They got those really really long chopsticks that are made of porcelain.What surprised me the most was how good customer service is here. Other Pho places usually have rude service. As soon as you walk in, they don't say a word to you and can't give you any recommendations because they don't speak a word of English. But, as soon as you walk into the door at  "Pho Kim Long", they treat you like you just walked into the Ritz. They provide excellent customer service, and they all speak perfect English so they can give you great recommendations. The staff here are all Americans(Vietnamese-American) and 2nd generation so it's easier to communicate and ask for things.  But, most of the time you don't have to ask for things because the servers have a sharp eye. Whenever they see your drinks running low they rush over and refill it. You don't even have to ask. I came here with my best friend a few days ago, and I loved the taste of the Pho and the Spring Rolls. I had the rare steak Pho, and it was better than anything I have ever had anywhere else. The steak here is very high quality and they don't even cook it. They put the raw steak in the bowl and then just put the soup over it. It was the best Pho I have ever had. Unfortunately, my friend is from Europe and he didn't enjoy it on account of him being allergic to everything( Why are European people always allergic to everything? lol). Well, he couldn't eat the spring rolls because he is allergic to shrimp, he couldn't eat the sauce because it was peanut based(peanut allergies), and he couldn't eat the beef dish we ordered because he is allergic to chili seeds. So he had a crappy time, but sucks for him because I had a great time. Btw, service was so good that I left a monster tip. I definitely will be back.
5	This is my go to Pho place in Las Vegas.Service is fast, prices are OK, and the pho is more than acceptable.I'd recommend going here, for the time being that is. I'm still on the hunt for a better Pho restaurant.
3	Pho Kim Long, Vietnamese with a Chinese menu.I've been to PKL a thousand times. Nine times out of ten, its 4 am and I'm really drunk. They're 24 hours and one of the few affordable restaurants close to the strip. But seriously though, food is supposed to taste better when your drunk, isn't it?PHO: Sometimes my soup comes a little greasy. On occasion, noodles are under-cooked and I feel like their beef and other fillings could use some improvement. Also, pho is served with "rare steak." So why is my beef tai 100% cooked when it gets to the table?CHINESE: I came here a lot with someone who didn't like Vietnamese food. He ordered off the Chinese menu because lets face it, who doesn't like Chinese food? The seafood combination pan-fried noodles and the beef stir fry with broccoli are pretty good. Entrees are usually served with steamed rice. The fried rice here is flavorless and not worth the $8. If you like Mapo Tofu, skip the mapo tofu here, it tastes strange!APPETIZERS: Spring rolls are pretty good. But they're raw and  you drench them in peanut sauce--can't mess those up. Egg Rolls taste good but they're unusually small... For the same price, I can get decent size ones down the street at my favorite pho joint. CREDIT CARD FRAUD: A day or two after one visit, I realized I never got my card back from the server. When numerous fraudulent charges came up, I had to assume a shady server swiped my card. They ordered things online and sent them to a local address. PAY CASH. Can't trust shady asians.SERVICE: The service sucks. It's god awful and when you really need water, don't expect them to give it to you on their own. Don't be shy, flag someone down and demand what you need.Nothing to rave about but not a bad place to eat when your wasted and in desperate need of food.Don't forget to RATE & FOLLOW! ;)
2	Don't order the salt and pepper calamari! The picture looked so much better than the outcome. So disappointed. The batter was gross. Ordered the roasted chicken plate, and honestly the chicken was really dry. Other than their customer service being excellent, their food really needed some improvement.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. I have lived in Vegas for 10 years and feel that I know the city pretty well. This place gets 5 stars for the quality, speed, and price. I have brought a dozen people both local and visitors who have never been there before and they all come back with or without me. Couple of times I had lunch and dinner there on the same day with different guests and never get tired of the food. I highly recommend chicken pho and chicken bun. Don't eat pork please- it's not good for you!
2	I wouldn't go here unless I was drunk, pretty much the only time I go here. Pho Kim Long, HAHA sorry had to do it. What I usually order...Pho w/egg noodle: 4/5 Don't ask me why but I don't like pho with rice noodle lol So I switch it up. At pho kim long the soup is a bit oily you can definitely see the bubbles floating around. The soup comes hot so be careful, it comes hot for a reason because the thin slices of meat have to cook in the soup. The regular size is more then enough for me so portions are good.Egg rolls: 2/5  I used to like their egg rolls until they decided to down size. Their egg rolls used to be fat and thick but ever since they changed their recipe they're friend super small and thin. The size of a lumpia basically, and they give you like 1 slice of lettuce. Everyone knows you wrap the egg roll inside the lettuce and dip it in that fish sauce they give you. Service: 1/5 Even if your belligerently drunk service should still matter. This place is very fast paced and when your drunk you just want things to slow down at that point. The waiters are very pushy and they rush the heck out of you. Once you order and they bring your food out forget trying to get their attention later. Flagging down a waiter there just to get your check is a mission there.
2	Wow, things change really quickly over in Chinatown. 1st time I came here, I had such a good time that I gave this place a 5-star review. After my last 2 visits..Now, I gotta give it only 2 stars. The staff was rude this time around. Very anti-social and easily irritated. The staff was constantly making fun of customers behind their backs. Calling them all types of degrading names and making fun of their hair, clothes, etc. I found their behavior to be very out-of-line. Food was still really good. So they get 1 more star. I don't understand why this place attracts such a shady crowd?  People all around me were loudly talking about sexual topics, drugs, and screaming profanity in the air.   I really don't mind that atmosphere because I use a lot of profanity myself, but this place is designed like one of those fancy 5-star restaurants, so I would expect a more upscale crowd.  Infact, I enjoy that kind of atmosphere when I am at a  dive-place like "Ellis Island" or downtown, but "Pho Kim Long" is a fine-dining establishment with it's giant neon fish tanks, marble tables, and chandeliers. I know I am in my 20s, but I have a lot of friends who are 60+, and one of my friends is actually a former civil rights activist from the 1960s. I felt really  bad having a man of his integrity have to sit there and listen to drunks and typical vegas-trash talk so much sh!t around him.  This sucks because now I gotta find another 24 hour Pho place. If anyone has any suggestions please let me know.
5	yeah, baby.  fabulous viet food, staff friendly and efficient.  and no..unlike most people who ate here, I was not drunk.  Never have had the pho, but have ordered several other viet dishes and they've all turned out great:banh xeo (viet crepe)bo luc lac (shaken beef)ga xao xa ot (stir-fried lemongrass and chili chicken)rau muong (stir-fried ong choy)
5	Can you say Pho Kim Long three times fast? ;) Anyways, this place is so derrishous! Perfect for late night munchies after clubbing. They have great service (got to-go & dined in in the same weekend). Great prices ESPECIALLY for Vegas. *Eggrolls are bomb*Pho is tasty (add-ons for +$1 e.g. large, extra noodles, better quality beef) *Bun Bo Hue is great! I'm by no means a bun bo hue expert but I really enjoyed the subtle lemongrass notes. They give you a different type of rice noodle (not pho noodles). No odd ingredients in this Bun Bo Hue - just lots of beef parts.
1	only eat here if you want a little extra protein. after waiting forever for our food, I was greeted with aphids floating atop my pho. they obviously do not wash there vegetables throughly. when confronted, the waited made it seem as if I added the little green creatures to my own food and then proclaimed they wash their lettuce and vegetables THREE times before serving to customers. poor service, poor quality, don't risk eating here!!!
4	the reason why i never reviewed this place is because we always go here after a whole day of drinking so i never remember what we ate. over the course of the years, i remember eating and liking the pho, the amazing coconut in the young coconut shell, which is not only fun to eat, but very hydrating for the hungover.
4	came here after a VERY LONG wknd in vegas lol and thought the pho was great here! It really hit the spot and the broth was especially tasty to me (or maybe i was just craving salt lol). The meat was of good quality and the portions were of good size. The prices were pretty average for a bowl of pho.the restaurant is pretty big inside and they seat you rather quickly. once we placed our orders the pho literally came out in minutes :)its located across the frwy from the strip and is an easy drive but if you must take a cab it will prob be around $10 to get there =)
3	We came here mainly because it was cheap and it's open at 2am in the morning.The pho and other vietnamese food was good.  Service wasn't spectacular but wasn't horrible.I checked in twice within 12 hours and became a yelp regular here.I like the pho at Pho So 1 better, so it's worth an extra mile drive.
3	I just come here for late night meals after work. Everyone from Vegas knows Pho Kim Long. This is why it tends to be the meet-up point for most locals. Always busy, but the food is eh. Nothing special at all. Seriously. Just an average pho place. Weird thing is that they fill their waters ahead of time in case they get busy. If I did that at my restaurant, I would get chewed out. I don't think it's against health regulations or anything, but it's just odd. Cheap, well-known, open late = keywords.
1	THEY ADD 16% GRATUITY ON YOUR BILL!!!!...And we went w/ a party of only 4. Now, let's get to the food. The pho here is average to below average. The vermicelli noodles w/ eggrolls and meet was decent but the PORTIONS ARE TINY!! If food alone were the criteria, I would give this place 2.25 stars overall  but the kicker here is the freakin sneaky gratuity they slap on you w/o ever telling you! SHAME on you Pho Kim Long (fist pumping) !!
4	During my Vegas weekend, the GF actually got some crazy sickness and had to be bedridden (which totally sucked). Especially on the strip, trying to get some good, hot soup on the go is nearly impossible (especially since it was President's weekend) so we went off strip to this Pho restaurant. When you come in, you know it's a good Pho restaurant when 100% of their clients are Vietnamese and they're all here to eat pho. As we were immediately seated, they took our order of pho and egg rolls. Like any pho restaurant, their food came out almost as soon as we ordered. The pho broth was light and flavorful. Even the GF that was dying said that there was so much different types of flavor going on in the broth. They also gave generous portions of meat in the pho as well. I would say that their meat to noodle ratio was almost 1:1 unlike the other Pho restaurants that I go to in L.A. The price here isn't that inflated as well. A bowl of Pho ran 7-8$ depending on which one you got and the egg rolls were 6$. The egg rolls weren't anything special but they were skinnier than the ones I usually get. If you're looking for some good pho (especially after those crazy nights), get off the strip (don't go to the one in TI) and come here. It's cheaper and better quality and bigger portions.
4	Pho places always have the most amusing names... like phobulous, or pho king.... This place is open late so it's a perfect place to come after a long night drinking and partying. It'll definitely help prevent and cure hangovers.  The prices were pretty decent and weren't as overpriced as the restaurants on the strip. Food:1) Salt and Pepper Shrimp - this is amazing! I've become a huge fan of this ever since I came here.  The amount of garlic + jalapenos give the dish an amazing flavor with a considerable amount of kick. Although I haven't been able to find very many places that make it  as good as this establishment.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yfxDa8RFOvJPQh0rNtakHA?select=9hI7mkZ4PHU7SjC5hxZqLA#6l3mLudSmvBqIIb6fwf0yA2) Egg rolls were pretty good, but smaller than the ones I'm used to ordering. Pho Kim Long is definitely a much better deal than many of the restaurants on the strip. You get delicious food and reasonable prices.
4	PROS-plenty of large tables for big groups-the calamari here is one of the best i've had! they must add some magic seasoning to it (msg perhaps? haha)-i picked a plate at random (crunchy pan fried noodles) and it was delicious!-for me, with tip & tax, it came out to be $15-we arrive at 11:30-11:45 right before the lunch rush so there was no waitCONS-there was confusion when they delivered the food. they would call it by # when we ordered it by plate name. it's not a super big deal though-skip the eggrolls! puny and no flavor!recommendation? YES! great hang over food!!
5	I must try everything on their menu!!! this place is great. Also the scenery is awesome cause its 24 hrs and all the drunk club kids come here afterwards. People watching!!! lol
4	It's a taxi ride away from the strip, but definitely worth the trip!Pho Kim Long is open 24 hours and they even carry vegan pho.Top Picks: Tofu Spring Rolls, Cha Gio, Pho Tai, and the Young Coconut (only $3.50)
3	There aren't too many pho places near the strip. This one is definitely the most solid out of all of them. Don't even want to try the one at Treasure Island. It's like 15 dollars for a freaking bowl of pho!Anyways, Pho Kim Long has pretty solid pho. It's more expensive than your normal pho, but it's Vegas and when you had a little too much fun clubbing the night before, you can't complain. It's also open 24 hours, so it is quite convenient.I haven't tried their other food, but they have a huge variety on their menu, including sea food. So whenever you're hungover in Vegas, head over to Pho Kim Long.
3	I had such a bad hangover so I will review this in all fairness. I met up with some friends and we sat a circle table.  I know we ordered 4 coconut drinks and only 2 came out, so we asked for two more, next thing I knew there were two extras... go figure!I had the "pho" (beef noodle soup) which was a little bland and my husband had the "bun bo" (beef with rice vermicelli soup), Husband said, it was so tasteless and flavorless.  And I saw one of my girl friend bowl of "banh canh ( thick rice noodle seafood soup), she was squirting more and more fish sauce into her bowl, and she added salt and pepper too.  To be save, just order Pho when you come in from a long night of partying, it's soup, it's easy to go down.  Plus all our taste bud off.
4	For some reason I always crave for Pho when I'm away from home. I decided to come here after looking through yelp reviews for the most reviewed pho restaurants in China town. Definitely 5 stars for cleanliness and promptness in their service for an Asian restaurant. This was probably the most clean Vietnamese restaurants I've been to. Decor was modern and restaurant was big - great for big group gatherings or late night munching. They seemed fully staffed so whatever you asked for was done quickly. Pho Kim Long serves many other dishes, both Vietnamese and Chinese food, so there's a lot to choose from. I ordered Beef Pho and was very satisfied with my selection. The beef slices were very tender! The portion of beef was generous in the size "small" bowl. I have to compliment them on their soup - I know every pho restaurant uses MSG but this place seemed to use it sparingly. I wasn't super thirsty after eating and did not have a problem slurping up the soup either =) This will definitely be my go-to spot if I'm ever back to visit! Come hungry, leave satisfied...especially after a long night of partying =D Happy Eating yelpers!
5	Love this place.  They have a good pho and they are open 24 hours hours.  Hello, pho at 5am = happy drunks! YES, PLEASE!
4	open 24 hours: PERFECT!pho is GREAT!! got a half order of duck, love the sweet sauce that comes with it but not a fan of the oyster sauce on the bottom it makes the duck skin soggy. the soft noodle with seafood great, lots of flavor. Vermicelli was good, one of my top 5 choices in vietnamese (sp) restaurant. service is always good when im there. fast and friendly.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my bowl of Pho with everything in it. Plenty of meat, tasty soup, and fresh vegetables. I wouldn't rank it up there in the top ten, but I really enjoyed the Pho and would definitely go back. Haven't had a better bowl of Pho in Vegas, so this would be my first choice for a hearty bowl of Pho.
5	Love this place! It's probably my favorite restaurant away from home. Always a pleasure to be treated as a regular here. Even for not walking in here for a month or so, they still remember who I am and what I love to order!Super friendly and fast service. The servers always know that I like to order the pan-fried noodles, orange chicken, salt n pepper pork chops, steam rice and a side of the pho broth!!! Like I said, my favorite restaurant away from home (San Francisco). It's a very clean and modern decor inside the restaurant. Nothing that you can complain about, especially I'm so used to the restaurants in the Chinatown area in San Francisco - this place seems upscale! On the side note, I have been to a few other chinese restaurants here in LV, but haven't found a place that beats Pho Kim Long. I think they beat all other competition since they are open 24hrs a day! Got that hangover, no problem have some pho and a coconut and rest it off... LOL This is a short taxi cab ride away if you are staying on the strip, and if you have a rental car, super easy to get to! Don't be surprise to see the security guard at the door during late night hours...lol he's super friendly and cool once you get to converse with him a few times going there!
4	I was there on a mini vacation and I we had to try Vegas style pho. The soup was good and their number 22 was also delicious. It really didn't even need any sauce. The blend if the flavors were harmonious. The decor was pure Asian beauty. Though its a bit far from the strip it was worth the drive. The service was also very nice and quick.
5	I'm from Stockton, and PKL is by far the most FANCIEST Vietnamese Restaurant ever.. and food was great!!One word: AMAZING.
5	This place is great AND its open all the time.I always come for Pho and a Taro Smoothie with Boba (AMAZING).The service usually drops off once you get your food but other than that its a fantastic place.
4	Pho Kim Long is open 24 hours, which makes it an ideal place to eat at after the clubs close.  One negative about Pho Kim Long is that it is not on the strip, so you have to take a taxi, it is not very far from the strip though.  I got one of the beef pho dishes and my wife got a pork chop with egg and rice.  I enjoyed my Pho, it was what I expected it to be, my wife said she did not like the egg in her meal because it was not cooked in the way that she is used to.  The inside of Pho Kim Long was decorated nicely, with vibrant colors and flowers, and also the quintessential fish tank.  I would recommend Pho Kim Long for the late night eater in Vegas.
3	Another perfect late night restaurant for after-clubbing munchies. I love pho at any time of the day! We were so thrilled to have found this place.  The price is a little high compared to other pho places.  The menu was full of Vietnamese, Chinese, and Thai dishes. The bowl was pretty good size, very tasty, VERY FULL OF MSG. I was thirsty for days. They definitely need to cut back on MSG. $7.99- Pho Ga (Chicken)$6.99- Pho with Rare Steak$9.99- Shrimp Fried RiceOverall: I'll come back every night because it is open late, affordable, and satisfying!
2	I came in trying to order something and they couldn't understand my order. It took 3 ppI to finally get it right. So I just  ordered the #34 (com bi cha Suon nuong), w/ a bowl of broth. First of all they didn't bring me everything that was listed for #34.. I didn't understand why they served a salad without the dressing. ?__?The food was just okay, I'm definitely not satisfied with my choice, but this restaurant was recommended by friends. I guess if I ever come back, it would be for a bowl of soup (you can't go wrong with a bowl of pho).Yes this restaurant is nice, but I felt like I should have went elsewhere.Supposedly this place is open 24 hrs,  that's pretty convenient.
4	A little off the strip, you can find yourself back in Asiatown and this is where you will find Pho Kim Long.I've been coming to this place since I was a kid...before I started clubbing in Vegas. Meaning, my family who grew up in Vietnam loves this place and so should you. Pho is really good - broth is tasty and pretty addicting and not too salty but definitely full of MSG which explains the minus 1 starEggrolls are my personal go to item because I don't really like phoWaiting wise, it gets crowded during lunch and around..1AM-2AM? (ie when people start leaving clubs) so if you wanna miss the crowd...come a little later. Other than that, find a DD and come here to satisfy your pho cravings, it's good!
3	Pho Kim long took a pho Kim long time to bring us our food.  Food was very ok.  Nothing to write home to mom about...Would come here again because of the name....
2	Ehh. Ordered the house special noodles with beef, chicken and shrimp. Also ordered an order of spring rolls and a watermelon boba. They are a bit expensive and also my noodles in the spring rolls are undercooked. Not cool. And the house special noodles were extra extra crispy and I'm not talking about the good crispy either. LOL. The upside is that it's open 24 hours which is really cool.
3	the food is average and the service is  extremely fast. the food came so fast that i didn't get to enjoy a few sips of wine. ive came to this  restaurant many times just because its open 24 hours and amile or so from my house. if it wasnt for that, id probably would never go. the customer service is the worst ive ever experienced.
4	Ever since their new interior design, their food has improved! I have tried their chop suey veggies, really greeeasyyyy. chicken vermicelli is bomb. well-done meat pho.. good. BUT Now that I have been red meat free for couple months, I tried PKL's chicken soup (only comes in large, so share) ..it was delicious! i don't even know how to describe it, maybe that i like it more than their pho, it was that good! so glad i found a new fave item here! It doesn't take long to get seated. They have a billion workers so your water will get filled and food comes out FAST!
2	Broth was good but it wasn't hot like pho is suppose to be. Actually, the best word to describe it was lukewarm. I couldve asked them to heat it up but they took a while to bring the food and i was RAVENOUS like a zombie.  -4 stars for that.I like how this place is 24hr. We don't have many of those in my area. +1 star. No other complaints.
3	Going to keep this sweet and simple.. been here 3x and everytime the service and the food has been consistent. Consistency is good, but the food is average. I've never left here with a great impression besides WOW this place is crowded.. LOL. People tend to rave about the fried calamari, from a scale of 1-10, it's a 6 (fried garlic is sprinkle around the calamari, the dipping sauce is pretty good)
4	We started out at the pho place in TI... I vaguely remembered being unimpressed with it. Luckily my bf checked yelp reviews before we actually threw our money down the pit & we bolted out there and came here. I told him Chinatown was right around the corner & pho places would be abundant. Yelp helped us choose this place above the rest.At first u think it's gonna be a dump but when u get in there u realize this place is pretty snazzy. We like to judge places by their quality of Thai iced tea. Theres was pretty damn good. I prefer the strong tea taste instead of the overly sweet powdery mix. We order pho tai & rice with the egg & pork. Pho tai: He made it jumbo & it was the perfect size or him. The beef was tender & he said it was one of the best broths he's had (MSG? He doesn't care)Rice meal: I can see why people would think their portions are normally I would have agreed, but honestly tonight it was the perfect size. I finished everything & was very satisfied. Next time I come ro Vegas I'm definitely stoppping by here,
2	A bit overpriced because I know you can find authentic pho right down the way on the same street. The small is enough for me but it is a very small portion. Grat is already included too. Bourgie pho place; funny.I also ordered a fresh coconut drink and then changed my mind to a Sprite and told them to cancel the other but they ended up bringing me both which was a fail!
5	Pho is one of my favorite hangover foods, and now, it's become one of my favorite drunk foods!A pho place open 24 hours that's less than 5 minutes away from the strip?! GENIUS! Located in Chinatown, Pho Kim Long is a short drive or cab ride away! I arrived at 2am and they were packed. No wait though which was awfully surprising. This has to be the biggest pho restaurant I've ever been to. We ordered and within seconds our food comes out! Gotta love that! My girlfriends and I shared and order of egg rolls and each had a bowl of pho. I know what you're thinking... when you're drunk, everything tastes good. And although in some circumstances that can be true, but I gotta tell you, Pho Kim Long is legit shit. And seeing that I had pho earlier that day, I realy had a fresh comparison. This broth was savory and light. I could drink the whole bowl! The meat to noodle ratio was spot on. I got the rare steak and brisket pho and everything was tender and delicious. The egg rolls were scrumptious as well. Not greasy and not too meaty. I can see why this place is so busy. When we left one of my girlfriends decided to order some food to go and boy was that the smartest decision she's ever made! Bo luc lac for breakfast the next day? Yes!! I've never had beef this tender and I'm not even a fan of bo luc lac at all! But this just might convert me.  You bet believe your ass I'll be back!
4	I'm only giving it 5 stars (to start off) because the name is so awesome.I was impressed how the waiters came every 5 minutes to ask my table if we wanted refills for our water. They are very friendly. I woke up not eating dinner the previous night so I was really hungry the next day and craving for some Pho. I got the extra large Pho hoping it would satisfy my hunger. Apparently for my small size and huge hunger, it came no where close to that. The noodles came in small portion, something similar in the LA area if you were to order a regular size. What's worst is that it came with 4 slices of beef. I would deduct 2 stars but like I said earlier, the name of the restaurant is too awesome. I did not expect to $10 bucks for something that only satisfied half of my hunger. What can I expect? It's vegas.
1	Located in a cute Asian town I never knew existed! Pho time! Full of Asians in here! (Quick tip from cell)After eating here: This place is super sub-par! I'm so sad! I got the chicken pho & @ first glance, it lacked EVERYTHING. I guess l get too spoiled living in Orange County, California with quality fresh cheap authentic pho on every corner.They skimped on ALL veggies especially scallions, culantro, thai basil, & white onion. Broth was below average. At least I had the option to choose big rice noodles after I requested it. The measly dry chicken BITS were floating around in the murky water. At other places, when you order chicken pho, these are the questions the waiter would ask you (but this place didn't):-What bowl size?-What noodle size?-White or dark meat?-Do you want chicken skin on your meat?-Do you want gizzards? (Liver, Coagulated blood, heart, eggs, etc.)HOISIN SAUCE!!! Watered down, much? It was runny, light brown, and extra salty-like a teriyaki sauce! How can you even manage to eff that up too? Wow...Opt for elsewhere, please. We made the mistake of choosing that place because later after some driving around, we saw plenty of other pho restaurants on the same street. Cheaper too, albeit. Darnit-we originally were supposed to eat @ Kinh Do because they supposedly have better reviews...
2	I was in Las Vegas this past weekend to gamble and have a little fun.  My friends and I got drunk and were craving for some PHO.  It's the best thing to eat when you are drunk and wasted.  We found a place off the strip that was open 24 hours.  I walked in and was very impress on how clean and nice the restaurant look.  It was packed but lucky the place was big so we didn't have to wait long.  I ordered a large bowl of Pho Tai and we had two plates of egg rolls for the five of us.  I would have to say my friends and I were very disappointed with what we ordered.  I couldn't describe the flavor in the broth.  It seem like they just bought the cubes you buy at supermarket to make pho and stuck in the pot.  The egg rolls were thin and barely had any meat.  One of my friends ordered Hu Tieu and didn't finish it because it wasn't good.  I guess if you are in Vegas and drunk after clubbing than it wouldn't hurt to check this place out since it's the only Pho restaurant open 24 hours over there.  I give it a two rating because the place was nice and clean.
4	Great place to eat after a night out. We came here everytime we go to Vegas! They open 24hr which is very convinience. Service is great, and the foods come out fast. We tried couples items on the menu and all of them are good generally speaking. The restaurant is about 5 min away from the strip so when you are sick of the buffet , you can always come here at any time for a bowl of PHO :). It costs $12 to take the cab here :) when you can't drive :).
4	Pretty decent.  Has a lot of selection and not your typical pho only shop.  Pho wa pretty good and hit the spot as that's what I was craving. Wife had a bun vermicelli noodle. She said meeting was not that great. The appetizer of garlic calamari was pretty good All in all nice break from expensive spots on the strip
5	arguably the best overall pho place i have been to.huge restaurant, fast service, two big fish tanks, and the pho is pretty good.they even offer a jumbo sized pho bowl!
3	My first time trying Bun Bo Hue ever! Parking was easy, they have their own lot that is shared by other restaurants. The restaurant is very big and we were seated quickly. Service was a bit slow compared to the many employees that night. I felt like most of them tried really hard to avoid eye contact with their customers...I didn't like the Bun Bo Hue because it tasted kind of weird. Sort of like pho, but spicy... Their portions weren't big either. My bf and my dad had to order an additional rice plate to share and usually they don't need to when it comes to pho. Maybe it was a hit or miss. It was kind of pricey too. Perhaps, we should try another place for pho when we're in town.
4	24 Hour Pho! YES PLEASE! Broth is amazingly flavorful, greens and sprouts were fresh, tai was cut perfectly, and noodles great-- not too mushy, not too hard, and not all stuck together. Service is quick and prompt (especially when its packed at 3am) and food comes out pretty quickly. Their menu is extensive with great options, though I have not yet tried it. Also I wish they had more traditional options for the pho (since you have so many traditional dishes on the menu)Ugh, I won't lie, I crave Pho Kim Long in the middle of the night..
5	My favorite place :)
4	The pho and spring rolls are bomb! Very flavorful, well priced, and fast service
1	They don't have onion dip in vinegar(Pho condiment). Any Pho restaurant you go to will have onion dip in vinegar. This is probably why their Pho soup was sub-par. It appears they really don't care about taste that much cause they are busy. It has no PHO SCENT, no Pho Flavor. Special bowl barely had meat & noodle.  The soup was not hot.  If you 're a big eater then you need to order 2 bowls. This is the 2nd time I have been here and both times the bowls had a bleach smell and taste has not change.  They don't have Extra Large Bowl on their menu either.  Service is as poor with 1 star rating as well.  I asked them, I would like to order the extra large bowl.  The waiter response was, "yes we have Extra Large Bowl but will cost you double the special bowl price $16.00."  ARE YOU KIDDING ME !!!!!!! With a rip-off price like that, why even tell you they have it.  On the onion with vinegar condiment, I even ask the manager.  I will never come back here.  There are other Pho restaurant in L.V.
3	3 1/2 stars. off the strip, but so worth it. One of the nicer pho places that is cheaper and can seat large parties. my pho was excellent-hangover food at it's bestegg rolls-oily, and no flavorspring rolls-not that freshalso service was lacking. they messed up on our orders, we asked for tea 5 times before someone finally gave it to us. it wasn't even busy here. on a bright side, they will help u call for a cab to go wherever you need to go next.
4	This is my favorite pho and vermicelli place in Vegas.BTW- don't go to a restaurant of this sort and expect American version of customer service.
4	A couple of my friends insisted on taking me here when they found out that, even though I absolutely love asian cuisine, I had never had pho before (don't judge me).  I have to say my first pho experience (the rare stake) was excellent, and I am thoroughly hooked.  To top things off, its open 24 hours - A+ recovery food all around.
4	Anytime you can get pho at 2-6 AM after a night of drunken debauchery and shenanigans is a frickin' blessing and shouldn't be taken for granted.The fact that this pho is also good and the meat doesn't resemble rubber is also a plus.Whether you are sober, drunk as shit, or your jaw is sore like hell (looking at you etards), pho is food for the soul and will over salvation for any occasion. Come here at any time of the day or night. You know you want to Pho Kim Long all night long ;) or just maybe for 5 minutes and then split, only to Pho Kim Long again the next time you're feeling a little tipsy...
1	My boyfriend & I came to eat after watching a movie. We haven't ate Pho in awhile, and it's a shame this is one of the only ones open late. My boyfriend ordered Pho Tai (Rare Steak Noodle Soup) & I ordered a Pho Bo Vien (Beef Ball Rice Noodle Soup). It sad, going on the website, their prices are not accurate like the menu. The prices on the menu are overpriced, not even a late night mark-up. Even if I have to pay more, at least the food & service should be worth it. Its neither. I asked for a plate of white onions three times and never received my plate of white onions. The staff also failed to give me my correct change. This place may be fit for after party goers and drunks. It's so apparent that there are 2-3 metro on site. I even had an officer direct me to my table. There are plenty of other Pho restaurants I'd prefer over this one. If you're looking for a late night, I'd go to Pho Hung Spring Mountain & Decatur/Lindell. They're open at 9:00am-2:00am (Monday-Sunday).
2	we ordered the chicken and rice, they used chicken breast which is very un typical..so dry........im not sure which peice of the chicken other Viet restaurants use but its not the breast , its a piece thats juicy and yummy ! and than aftwards a few of us got a stomach after.Lol. Went here cuz our white cab driver told us it was good. lols I think the food here leaning a tiny bit towards fusion. Anyways it is the nicest Pho restaurant I've seen compared to Vancouver.
5	Very good! I am a huge critic being it's my native food but they make their clay catfish and braised pork pretty close to the way mom likes it!- by the way- not on the menu- order off the menu
3	24hr pho in Vegas? Definitely a need when you've had a few drinks for the night, which is why my friends and i came here. It's not too far off the strip, which is a plus and it's open 24hrs.Food wise i would say this place could do better, but it's not bad. The only problem i have with this place is when I ordered a Large Pho Tai i was given only 6 slices of meat (lol a large and all you get is 6 slices of beef??)The prices at Pho Kim Long is a bit pricier than i'm used to for pho (around $8 a bowl), but since we were in Vegas I wont be complaining that much on the priceOverall it was a decent experience and i would recommend anyone who has a hangover or is just drunk to try this place out
4	Good Pho and we also had their calamari. That wasgood. Good fast service, descent price and good ambience.I highly recommend this place to my friends andFamilies and to anyone.
4	Good Pho and we also had their calamari. That wasgood. Good fast service, descent price and good ambience.I highly recommend this place to my friends andFamilies and to anyone. Just the name itself says it all. Lol......
4	So here I am, FINALLY writing a review.  I've been here many times and yet, have not taken the time to state why.I started coming here less than a year ago with my sister and her bf with the recommendation of one of his friends.  Well, I haven't had pho in many years, it was cold, so sure, why not?!It was very tasty.  I tend to get the same things with each visit. Egg rolls, chicken wings, and small #15.  All very satisfying and hits the spot each time a craving sneaks up on me.  I do have to say, I now find myself craving the wings (with TONS of fried garlic on top) more then the pho. My mouth is starting water just thinking about those crispy, juicy little things.The baby decided she doesn't like the noodles, so I always get a bowl with a little bit of rice and add the soup for her.  She also, recently, decided she likes the egg rolls too.  I haven't really tried any place else for pho, but I know I should, to see if I really do like it as much as I do.  But for now, this is where I'll be.
5	Best late night place to eat after a night of partying and whatevers.  Good food, nuff said.
4	5 star chicken wings.  If you love freshly cooked chicken wings then this is the place.  Both of the wings that they are offer are amazing.  I have eaten the wings 2500+ reviewed San Tung in San Francisco and Korean style wings at 99 chicken in Sunnyvale and this is up there on my list of all time best wings. The calamari was pretty good. Crispy with lots of batter. Pork Chops - Too chewy averageEgg Rolls - very crispy, comes with fresh veggies and a light nuoc mam. Not enough meatPho Ga (Chicken) - good flavorGet the wings!!
4	This would be the first time I'm in Vegas venturing into Chinatown and I was pretty impressed.  This place is spacious and clean.  The staff are very aggressive with their water and service is fast. Ordered the seafood egg noodle soup and it had a tasty broth.  The portions were average and I was full at the end. The fried egg rolls were nice and hot and served with lettuce to make it a wrap.  The fresh veggie roll was also good too.  The soy sauce that came with the fried tofu wasn't what I hoped for (what I'm use to when I'm at dim sum) but the tofu was good.  DO NOT get the fried calamari - that thing was so oily and fried in some old oil so it was just NASTY!  They also have a variety of drinks and beer so you're good to go on a hot day! Bottom line: My friends and I are a fan just not the calamari.
4	Pho Kim Long.Pho Kim Long.Pho Kim Long.Yes, it's no mystery; I love the name. I also love the hours and the quality pho served during those available hours of operation.My Yelp star rating: 4 starsMy reasonings for giving Pho Kim Long 4 (Yelp) stars, instead of the 3 I would have given, is for the sheer convenience and availability of some great-tasting pho. This is definitely not the best bowl of pho I've ever encountered, but it sure is good to be able to have "good" pho when I want it and need it most (at 4, 5, or 6am). Take-out pho from Pho Kim Long is my favorite after-Vegas-club remedy. And even though almost anything and everything tastes good when you're drunk, Pho Kim Long is good even while sober and/or hungover!The broth is flavorful, but thankfully without that overwhelming, aromatic star anise taste. And it isn't too sweet, either. I like the rare beef/steak pho, and the meat tastes pretty fresh. And perfectly reddish-pink in the middle.There is no question as to where I will be having pho when I'm in Vegas!You can Pho Kim Long all day and all night!!!!!!Yelp 365 - #289/365
3	Good Pho especially for late night cravings.It costs a little bit more compared to Pho So 1 butI don't mind sometimes.Good atmosphere, very big restaurant with decently cleaned bathrooms.The only thing to really complain about is their customer service.I rate it as poor.But then again, I never have high expectations of asian restaurantsin their customer service category.The only best customer service at an asian restaurant I've ever hadwas Sushi Freak and Mashisoyo.
4	I came here sober in the morning and intoxicated at night on the same day because it was that good! They are open 24 hours for the party goers and late night eaters.I strongly recommend the fried chicken wings because it's so bomb! They even have the ones marinated in fish sauce (nuoc mam) which had TONS of flavors. The fried calimari was also good being crunchy and topped with flavored seasonings. The Pho here is perfect after a long night of drinking to sober you out. I had the beef and meatballs (Pho Tai Bo Vien) twice and it was delicious both times. My friends had the chicken and complain it was too dry..Service was great, food came out quick and the decor had a modern Asian feeling to it. Great place and I will surely come here again in my next Vegas trip.
4	Great for the late-night munchies or as hangover food!(+) Large selection of pho, rice vermicelli, and appetizers, OPEN 24/7, location(-) service can be slow at times
5	Long night.. A lot of drinking.. Only way to end the night is some Pho from pho Kim long
4	"Pho Kim Long" You've got to love the name!! I went there about 3:30am. The place was packed. We all had Pho [fur]. The service, price, food, atmosphere were all good!!! Taxi's available.  Would i go back? Yes I have been back enough times they recognize our group.This is one of the places many people go after partying,
1	Worst service ever.If pho kim long wasn't 24 hour and open for me after 4 am, I would've never gone. They do not pay attention to refilling your beverages. The servers inattentive , you might as well just walk out without paying because they just don't care about customer service. All I wanted was to eat pho at 5am, but what I got was the worst experience. I waited 20 minutes for my check and ended up going straight to the cashier which was mandated by an arrogant worker who was dressed like he was going to a club. He was so rude asking what I ordered when I clearly did not know the exact numbers for my table. He ended up getting mad at ME because HE couldn't find my check. He couldn't even walk a couple steps for me to show him what table I was at. I honestly wouldve gave this place no stars, but then it wouldn't have let me write a review.
4	Very clean, pretty, good service and food was good.The springs rolls were probably the best I've ever had, the vermicelli was delicious, and my pho was yummy. This place has a lot of Chinese dishes as well that looked amazing. The prices are affordable.My only gripe is I wished the iced coffee was brewed in front of me like I've had before. This place is open late!!
4	Good spot for Pho and Asian food near the strip.  I have eaten here a half a dozen times; sober, faded and hungover and it always delivers.  Today our Server Jose had our order out in 5 minutes flat and had our cab called and waiting 5 minutes after we were done eating.  The service can be uneven at times but never as bad as some reviews for us.  The experience today was exceptional and exceeded my expectations.
4	Apparently there's good Viet food out in Las Vegas area. Off the strip but great place to grab a bunch of to-go food for pho hangover cure hahaNeat, just learned from Jenny D.'s review "It costs $12 to take the cab here :) when you can't drive :)". Very good to know for next time!Prices: Pricey compare to the $5 pho I usually get. Its around $8 per bowl.Quality: Soup, everything is pretty good. Their seafood egg noodle soup actually has a buttload of seafood.24hours!!
5	This place is awesome.  Food great.  Prices low.  Service attentive.  We got all the normal appetizers: spring rolls, egg rolls, crab rangoon, fried calamari... everything was awesome... especially the fried calamari which was flavored w/ salt and pepper and crispy garlic and scallions..... I got pho...standard stuff... everything everyone else got looked really good.  Service was great and the place was clean.
4	Friend Eggrolls. BOMB.
3	Yay! Another decent Vietnamese restaurant.  Best part of this one is it's super affordable and open 24 hours!  I will say they are SO busy that sometimes the service can be slow but the prices are great and the food is really decent.  There are some small inconsistencies like - the first time I had the duck it was yummy.  The second time it was "ok" so you kinda gotta be careful of that.  But I always have the crab rangoon and it's delish.  As well as the Singapore noodles, seafood plate and beef pho soup.  I definitely recommend this place especially late at night :)
4	Great food - a little price,  But portion made up for it. would definitely go back!
5	Pho sure it's good! Plus its open 24 hours a day!
5	Amazing!   From the greeting at the door to the wave goodbye...the experience was perfect.  You have to try the  Calamari.
5	5 stars for being open so late in Vegas! Came there 3 times during EDC weekend and had pho 2 of those days and a rice plate during one. Service was good, they came back to refill our water (never happens at asian places). They also gave us a double plate of vinegar onions because they saw how much we ate of it. The Mexican waiters there even know Vietnamese!
4	So, the great thing about this place is that it's open 24 hours. After an all-nighter stretching from California to Vegas, I needed sustenance, hold the grease. Luckily for me, Pho Kim Long was open :)Now the bad: I felt that the noodles were a little thin, and the soup a bit less flavorful compared to the SoCal variety. However, I was sharing with a friend who was too afraid to order flank and tripe in the soup, so the absence of these delicious meats might have led to the unfavorable comparison.Another thing about my friend, she won't eat flank/tripe, but she'll order an avocado smoothie...as if that's not weird. Nonetheless, the smoothie was great. Just don't let it get warm, because then you start feeling like you're downing a cup of sweet guacamole.
4	Craving pho after a club in vegas.. This is the place to be.. A bit pricey for Pho but it's late and your hungry then its amazing. Especially having a 24 hours viet place.
4	A 24 hour Pho place?! WHAT?! I guess anything is possible especially when you're in Vegas. My BF and I love going here after hitting up the club because who else would be open at 5AM serving Pho?! This place hits the spot especially when you're throat hurts after screaming your heads off after watching a DJ spin at a club on the strip, or if your sinuses need to be cleared because of all that cigarette smoke you had to inhale and are now congested.
4	This was 1 of the 2 meals I had over EDC weekend and let me tell you... It was some of THE BEST PHO I've ever had!!!!!! We came in a group of 8 (automatic gratuity) and were seated immediately. Waters came out quickly and we got our orders and food almost instantly as well. The waiter seemed to rush us a bit but hey, I wasn't complaining since we were late anyway. I got the #15 - steak & brisket ($7.50) - and added meatballs on the side ($1). The broth is soo flavorful, it actually tasted worse once I doused my soup in sriracha & hoisin sauce (my usual routine) which is pretty crazy for a pho place if you ask me. The steak is cooked with a little pink in the middle and the noodles are chewy, not soggy like a lot of places. It is a bit pricey for a pho place, but the quality is what you're paying for.I honestly can't tell if this is one of the best phos I've ever had, or if I was just that hungry. I was planning on coming back on my last day in Vegas but it took us near 3 hours to get out of the damn speedway parking lot... So until next time, Pho Kim Long.
4	It's your last day in Vegas, you lost all your money...on whatever you did...you don't even remember.You're hung over as a mofo.  Your breath be all stank like a dead possum.Your head feels like it's being squeezed by a hariy giant.You get your hot bowl of pho with extra meat for 1 dolla and you feel a little better.Then you get in your car and drive the 5 hours it's gonna take to get back to LA where you will work your ass off to save enough money to do it all again.Oh 3 servers will come to your table and ask if you are ready to order within 2 minutes of you sitting down.And it all happens 24/7.Oh and it tastes pretty good too.
4	Located in the shady chinatown area of Vegas, Pho Kim Long is a nice chinese/vietnamese restaurant where you can get your asian fixins.  The group and I ordered the pho with beef brisket, crispy noodles with vegetables, combination fried rice and honey garlic pork chops. Pho had a clean taste and wasn't greasy.  The crispy noodles with vegetables were tasty, the sauce work well with the crunchy noodles.  The combination fried rice was pretty standard, you really can't mess it up.  The killer item was the honey garlic pork chops.  Normally I like to get the fried crispy pork chops, but something about it just made me order it.  It was extremely crispy and seasoned well.  Pho Kim Long offers traditional chinese/vietnamese food that is hard to find on the Strip.  Definately check this place out for some good grub.
5	The broth is perfectly balanced with just enough cilantro, thai basil and lime.  The noodles are fresh and not greasy.  You leave feeling comforted and less hungover.   OH PHO SURE this is the best.However, the bathrooms are basically hell on Earth but...just hold it and wait to go back to the hotel.  It's worth the cab ride out there but getting back was SO hard...so we're going to do take out next time!!
2	Food wasn't that great. I guess it's because I'm from SF, where we have the best and most authentic Vietnamese food. We came here for lunch while we were in Vegas and just wanted something outside of the casinos. I ordered the Pho Ga (chicken noodle soup) and it tasted really bland. We also had the Spring rolls which was just ok. Pho is always based on how good the soup is, and the soup here was not authentic at all. It tasted more like msg mixed with water and it tasted really fake. It's cool that this place is so close to the strip (driving) and a good place to get some soup if you have a hangover, but as a meal? Neh....
3	I'm glad this place is open late and has quick service.  I'm from California so I can't really say that any place in Las Vegas has good Vietnamese food.  But it's good enough for me here.  I'm not really into their Pho soups here because they don't taste the way I prefer.  It actually has a hint of sweetness, and not enough Pho flavor if you know what I mean.  It's different; hard to explain.I like to come here for the fried chicken appetizer, the spring rolls, fried egg rolls, and of course the Vermicelli bowls; you can never go wrong with Vermecelli because you pour the fish sauce in for taste!  I like the significant amount of vegetables they put in their vermecelli bowls - I like to think it's healthy!  I have a few friends that frequent this place and love it, but they never had Pho from my hometown, so they're missing out.Looking for a quick, decent Asian meal? Go to Pho Kim Long!
4	Our go-to place in Vegas for pho after a long night of partying. The service is great, the food comes out fast, and the pho is pretty decent. I've had other pho places on Spring Mountain and I can say this is one of the better ones.
4	love this place! yummy food & they also have Thai tea with boba which is a sure fire way to make me happy. Open 24/7 which is nice too. service isn't amazing but food always comes out quick and it's fairly cheap.
4	This is always busy.  It is quality food done quickly.  The rare beef and special combo pho is always a winner.  Wife loves #24 grilled chicken salad w/vermicelli and egg rolls.  4 year old son kills the egg rolls by himself.
3	24 hour pho place.  Check.  Besides that, I really can't say that much about Pho Kim Long.  The decor is nice and there is a cool fish tank that definitely brings this pho joint up a notch, but the pho itself is slightly over priced and not that amazing.  Maybe I am spoiled having lived so close to Westminster for so long.  I am not saying that this is bad pho at all, I just was not impressed.  The second thing that bothered me was that it took forever to be served and to get our food.  Usually pho only takes a few minutes to get everything in the bowl and then it is in your belly in no time.  I felt like this was the longest pho meal ever.I probably won't be back anytime soon, unless I really really want pho and I can't find any other pho place to go to.  I expected more Pho Kim Long.  You let me down.
3	The go to Pho place wile you are in Vegas. Definitely not the same as the one in San Jose. The Pho is so so but what's to complain about when it's 4am and you just want some Pho..The Pho broth is standard issue and the rice dishes are nothing to rave about.Just eat the Pho to satisfy your craving for Pho and go back to your hotel for a couple hours of shut eye before you hit the pool
5	my hangover fix before the long drive back to LA - always gotta make a stop here! Service is always on point too.
1	This place is terrible. We walked in and the hostess didn't bother to greet us, she just looked up and said 3 and walked us to a table. I was never asked if  I wanted a  drink. 2 of us went to grab something from the car and while we were gone the waiter took the other member of our parties order. When we came back we waited and finally had to flag  down the waiter. The menu had no descriptions of the entrees and the waiter was not helpful in explaining anything. The dishes are WAY over prices and the don't come with veggies or rice. My food left much to be desired. The customer service was awful the staff as unhelpful, un-attentive, and rude. I won't be back.
2	Expensive and too much five spices in the broth. They even charged extra for a bowl of broth; all other pho restaurant would have given it away for free. Would not come back!
4	Its delicious. My fave is the combination pho. And for dessert the watermelon-boba drink. The service is ok, they kinda leave u alone lol but sometimes its nice to not have a waiter come by every 5 min unless u need something.
4	best pho spot off the strip in vegas. kinda ghetto but hey if you eat pho at a spot thats not ghetto you're not eating legit pho my friend. pho tai is the go to meal along with egg rolls and spring rolls. great for a pick me up after a long night of drinking and debauchery in vegas.
2	Bad customer service. Food is ok. But HORRIBLE customer service ruins the whole visit here. Once we got seated and open the first page of the menu,  the waiter was already rushing us to order. Our foods came out and there were no condiments at ALL. Eating not even half way, they gave is the check. While still eating they clean our table? Definitely not coming back.
5	OMG AMAZING!!!I'm not huge on trying new things but I am in LOVE with the #23!!!!Fast service, clean & great staff.
3	My friends and I came here to eat before we ventured back to California.....idk why we picked to eat Pho on a 109 degree day, but we did and the long wait didn't help since it was busy which meant other people were probably thinking the same shit as us eating on this hot ass day.The pho is by no means the best nor the worst, it just hit the spot in filling our stomachs, nothing really stood out from this pho. I ordered the special (I forgot what it was called, but it had everything that was suppose to come in the pho). The bowl size on the special is the largest so the waiter won't ask which size you want. Price is whatever, some people say its high compared to other places in Vegas, I haven't been to any other, so basing it off from the prices in California, about a tad above average I guess.The service wasn't bad, our drinks got refilled when we asked, we got our neccesary things.
3	I've been going here for so many years, we always go here the day after partying while in Vegas. It's the best thing for your stomach after all that drinking! The pho is decent  and the spring rolls, egg rolls, and spicy chicken wings are up to par. Can't complain I'm just glad they opened one up in Vegas. Wish they had one there 15 years ago... This place is a bit off the strip so you have to take a taxi there. Prices are normal prices, for Vegas. If you don't want to spend that much $ then you can always go next door and get some banh mi at Lee's Sandwiches.
3	So this review is on my last experience only.  I have been here many times and will write more reviews as time goes on.  One of the things that amazes me with this place is it is constantly upgrading subtle things within the restaurant the staff seamed happy for years but lately the natives are restless...  The staff almost seems stressed which I can understand because they have become too busy.   You can no longer walk in at anytime and sit down, they have a security guard at the door checking you in and taking you to the table.  The problem with this is he is not trained, at all.  We walked in and were ignored until another couple walked in and I spoke up and said "oh we were next"  he replied "oh"  I said "do you have a check in list?" he said "ahh..." I said "why don't you write our names on that and keep track of all the people? :)"  I am never mean and rarely rude or brash, this was getting close to my breaking point.So anyhow he seats us and man things happen fast from there it has always been fast but this was crazy fast.  Kind of stressed me out a little bit!  No greeting from the waiter just "are you ready to order?" "No but we will have a hot tea and a water" "ok be back"  he comes backs and we felt we needed to be ready at this point, we ordered and the food was being served within minutes.   So a plus for fast food and a minus for somewhat unregarded service.I had the very tame but oh so good Charbroiled Pork & Egg Roll with Rice Vermicelli (a cool salad perfect for 112 degree weather that evening (boy we are having a hot summer! :() My pork was perfectly done chared to perfection, my egg rolls were also perfectly done (but you can't really mess that one up right) my salad was fresh and my sauce was good as usual, however my noodles were stuck together and really hard to get apart to eat and mix into the rest of my dish.  I think this is a sad casualty of a really big and really busy place at this point. I am totally ok with hardcore asian waiters/restaurants and what not but this place has TONS of young, hip and many races and no longer has the excuse of "we are an old school chinese restaurant".  You want your favorite places to get busy but not so busy they lose touch with what and who got them busy to begin with...So I am giving stars for my food taking away for my stuck together noodles and taking away as well for the kind of crappy service from the front and the wait staff.  I will be back and will write about my next experience.  I hope this place can find the happy medium for making big bucks but remembering why and who you are making those big bucks from...
1	First time was bad, came back this morning and had the worse experience with this place. I ordered the biggest pho bowl there, and i swear it was a kid size bowl. Manager/owner (white button down shirt, shaved head) was extremely rude to customers. Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings. I refuse to come back to this place...!  Tourist beware...this place does not deserve your money...
1	bad food , high prices, arrogant owner . If it wasn't  for the the people from out of town in  need some hot soup after a long night of gambling. This place would not even make it. I would never come back again.
4	Need a hangover cure for your crazy drunken night in Vegas? Don't go to that fake pho place in TI, come here. The pho is quality and although the service isn't the quickest ever, it isn't bad. I love and am very critical about the taste of pho that I eat, but I can honestly say that this place has some pretty good pho, even compared to the many places I've been to in the past. Not only that, but they also give you a decent sized portion for a large. I was with two Viet friends who often get homemade pho from their parents, and they both said that the pho was good. That should DEFINITELY count for something.The moral of this review? I'm going to continue going to this restaurant every Vegas trip, and you should too.
5	HAIL CHANG! Did you get kicked out of the spearmint rhino for wearing spray on pants? Did your gout flare up so bad that your uncle gary had to cancel your proctologist appt? if so come to this joint! The best PHO this side SAIGON! and remember it gets crowded so if you forget your travel size tube of preperation H you might be in the a long night! highly recommended! try the special #13
3	Pho Kim Long my relationship with you has been great in the past, but on my recent trip something was different, you've changed and I don't think its for the better.  In the past I enjoyed super fast service and everything seemed to be running like a well oiled machine.  On the night I last tasted their delicious pho the machine had thrown a gear, and was stumbling on at 76% efficiency.   I would be in the wrong to rate this restaurant on one experience, but I feel that this restaurant has been going in a bad direction for a little while now, and tonight was the culmination of its backwards inertia.  Although the food in not in question as I think its still great tasting and fairly cheap for what you get.  Service counts, and because its never been stellar per say (the waiters are quick but not friendly), any small change (like to speed lets say) can turn a great place, to just an ok place.  One thing I noticed was the overall disconnect from the workers and front of the house management.  The place wasn't that busy and we still had to put our name on a list to be seated for some reason.  In the past this place would be packed to the gills and we would be seated right away, no problem.  Tonight we waited to be seated for 15 minutes even when it was relatively empty.  This seemed to make the workers who were standing around looking helpless and angry.  At one point I could see them pointing and talking about the host, and probably not in a good way.  Once we did get seated the food did take a little bit longer to come out mostly, I believe, because they were busy talking about the host.   When the food did come it was great as usual, and in all truth is actually one of Vegas's great late night eats.  Now I understand you have to take a place based on what it is, and appreciate that.  What is Pho Kim Long?  Well it's great Pho when you're out late on a Vegas night.  If you keep that in the forefront of your mind, you will enjoy it and forget about its faults.   However if you are taking this eating establishment as a whole, as I am trying to right now, then its shortcomings become apparent.  The truth is Vegas does have a ton of Pho restaurants some with better tasting Pho, and others with better service.  In the end you can call Pho Kim Long average with room for improvement, and you would be fair in saying that.   Will I go back again most defiantly, but I will go there with the understanding that "it is what it is".
4	After 24 hours of no sleep, extreme heat exhaustion, excessive drinking, and nonstop partyin', my poor soul was in dire need of some TLC. Pho seemed like perfect cure of my Vegas inflicted bodily abuse. My bf and I stumped in red eye and delusional around 11:30 pm on a Sunday night. The house was almost 80 percent full but we were promptly seated. Here is what we ordered:1. Spring rolls with no pork: I love these. Slightly smaller, but flavorful with sweet tender shrimp and the obligatory peanut dipping sauce. My bf wasn't too please but then again, he might have been eating in his sleep.2. Pho with flank and rare steak: The broth is the winner hear, flavorful and oily. The meat and noodle was standard. Nick said he prefers more and better meat, but I was more than pleased with the noodle and broth. 3. Lots, lots, lots, of water.Everything totaled around $21.00. A cheap and good quality meal considering it's Vegas.
3	When I desire Vietnamese food, is the where I go. The food is good, as well as the atmosphere. However, I recently had a server who was trying to be dang 'hip'.
4	I am not a Pho expert at all. I only got dragged here due to the huge amount of Vietnamese people I hang out with. In the past I have never ever like any Pho dish I have ordered from any other place. But because I was starving I decided to give this place a try. The waitress saw the doubt in my face, and suggested a pho bowel for me. I said ok, just to get her to leave me alone. This bowel of Pho was soooo good, this waitress and restaurant changed my outlook on Vietnamese cuisine single handedly. Also compared to other places, this restaurant is visibly clean. Wait stuff blows most of the time, but I don't think they are purposely rude, just the way they are.
3	Came here on a Saturday morning, May 12, 2012.Brought my two cousins from Canada (one of them celebrating their bachelor party), and they enjoyed it.  I thought it was decent, but unimpressed.  It's a pretty nice (i.e. clean) Viet restaurant, and it's open late.But I really came for the pho.  The broth was clean (not too much grease), but lacking any great flavor.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't very good.  It's a double edged blade to have tasted great pho, and have an awareness of other's mediocrity.This place is A-OK.It's off the strip, so if you're already willing to drive a bit out, you might as well keep going down Spring to hit Pho Hung (on your right).  Or stay on the strip and hit up Pho at the Coffee Shop (in Treasure Island).
3	After a long night of crazy partying and probably too much booze you need a nice steaming hot bowl of Pho to cure your inevitable hangover. If you can get yourself out of bed and actually manage to stomach more substance into your body, this is place to go to cure whatever you got.Yes, you will see an array of sleep deprived, miserable, post alcohol induced individuals at this spot trying their best to forget, or remember, the night before. This spot is always packed, especially Saturday for lunch.There is usually a wait...but bearable. Once seated, the service is good and attentive, food comes out fast, and the pho is decent. Don't expect the same quality nor quantity as you do in California. It's going to be more expensive and as of late they really started skimping out on the portions. Expect to pay around $10 for a bowl of pho including tip.
3	We were looking for a place to eat in Chinatown and just randomly stumbled on this place. We saw lots of cars parked out front and people going in and out. So we figured it must be pretty good. The place is full of locals, it looked like. Inside is pretty clean and modern as well. Off to a good start. It was so hot so I opted for the BBQ pork vermicelli with the egg roll and fish sauce. The rest of the group got pho. I tried a bit of the pho and it was alright. My food was great. Man I love that Vietnamese food can be so healthy. Lots of lettuce, bun noodles, marinated pork and topped with the sliced carrots and daikon and shopped peanuts. Pour some fish sauce on that stuff and you're good to go. It's a great mix of foods - different textures and flavor all combined for a food orgy in your mouth. Mmmm. A little pricey but I'm coming from LA where everything dirt cheap because of all the competition. I think the prices are pretty average for Vegas. Plenty of parking too as it's in a long strip mall.
3	Pho Kim Long is just an ok place, No good No bad. I came in late night and want some pho. The bowl look really big as the large size compare to other places.  But the broth is just blank without any original flavors. The meats were so little. Good thing is they open 24hrs. That it. Expecting more improvement!
5	This is the first Vietnamese-Chinese food place I tried in Las Vegas. Great food! As for service, you have to hunt them down. I am already use to doing this at a few places in Los Angeles, so no complaints there for me. Maybe for people who expect to be checked  once-in-a-while will complain. When you ask for a request, they come back quickly which is good. The ambiance was loud since there were a lot of people who showed up to dinner at the time. The decor was nice and fitting. The chairs were comfortable. This place is open 24 hours. Big plus there in my book! I will come here again.
3	3 1/2 Stars Open 24 hours which makes this place the only choice for Pho for bfast. The Special Pho was my choice and it included meat balls unlike other places. The broth was tasty although tripe was missing in my bowl. The noodles were slightly overcooked but the service is solid.Good choice if your craving Pho late night or early am.
4	Very busy restaurant.  They shuffle people in as fast as they shuffle them out.  We had a party of 10 and got seated right away.  Before I could take a breath, the waiter was ready to take our order.  Then I blinked and the food was out.  Pho is pretty good, bun bo hue is ok (kinda bland.  Spring rolls and egg rolls were good. They don't have combination noodle bowls or combination rice platters which I found very odd.  Service was quick but just average.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed my bowl of Pho with everything in it. Plenty of meat, tasty soup, and fresh vegetables. I wouldn't rank it up there in the top ten, but I really enjoyed the Pho and would definitely go back. Haven't had a better bowl of Pho in Vegas, so this would be my first choice for a hearty bowl of Pho, its delicious, big bowl, as well as a lot of meat, and not much MSG.  One bad thing is that this place can get really crowded, hard to get a table sometimes.
4	Going to be quite honest- I was fairly inebriated when I ate here, so I can only go off from my memories from that night. However, I do have amazing taste inebriated or not! Definitely think that the broth here is quality. The service was by far the best coming from a pho shop and I was impressed that they were so attentive even when there were so many people going in and out of the restaurant. They even called us a cab for when we were ready to go home!Would definitely go there again.
4	We went for lunch one day and we were extremely happy.  First of all it's bigger than I thought it would be, and it was pretty full.  Very busy, people were nice.  We ordered some iced Vietnamese coffee which always makes me happy.  The menu is huge and has a lot of food that is not Vietnamese.  The boy ordered a combination bowl that had rice, egg rolls, veggies and sauce and was very delicious.  I ordered the duck noodle soup which had a flavorful broth and lots of good stuff in it.  The duck was very good and crispy.  We also ordered a long bean dish with ground pork.  This was my favorite thing by far.  So flavorful, perfectly cooked and I would easily eat only this for a meal, it was so interesting!  Definitely awesome.  Be back soon!
4	This place is a staple of Las Vegas. I've been going here since '95. They've come a long way from being a tiny tiny spot with karaoke to this perenial powerhouse of good food. Their prices went up a few years ago and I was a bit unhappy bout it, but dammit, they've got me hooked. Love their Pho, I never stray from Pho Tai because it's my comfort/one food to eat on a deserted island food. Their beef pan fried noodles are well made cantonese style and delicious.
4	Off the strip more towards Chinatown. The broth was delicious. The portions were too small. But in Vegas, everyone's gonna get you for your monies worth. 8.50 for a bowl, eh, I suppose. Hawaii is just as expensive, and people are gonna pay for it. At least I didn't pay for something that tasted like mess. One thing people don't understand is the broth is different to how you make it taste with the sauces they provide on the table. If you know how to mix your bowl, it will come out bomb.com! If you don't of course you're going to give this place a 1 star for being bland. -_- It's 24 hours, so it's great if you got a hangover, or feelin' way too drunk. But if I ever want pho, I'll pay a cab to take me here just because I'm not paying for no nasty broth closer on the strip.
4	For Vegas food, this is a to-go place for those who seek Asian food and for those who need something to cure a hangover.  It is reasonably priced, but for our party of 5, it went up to $80 (yes, they charge gratuity!).   Service here is friendly.  It opens late (which is great!!).  My only complaint is that they might forget if you ask for water, need additional plates, spoons, etc.
4	BOMB!!! Only reason I'd give this place a 4 instead of a 5 was because I wasn't sure if our waiter was truly a jerk or he was joking around... he just never cracked a smile.Anyway, I ordered their pan fried noodles with beef, my sister ordered their roasted chicken with seasoned rice, and our friend who didn't finish her order got the fried calamari.... Everything was AMAZING! I would definitely go back when I visit Las Vegas again.
4	A little bit off the strip, but definitely well worth the drive.  A delcious and spunky (C'mon, one look at the name and you have to know that the owner has a sense of humor) place to get a huge bowl of pho....HUGE!!!  The service is friendly and very speedy.  The group of six that I was with was in and out within 30 minutes!  Ridiculous!Pros:-HUGE portions-Good tasting broth-SPEEDY (SPEEDY GONZALEZ FAST) service!Cons:-Off the strip... Have a sober person drag your booty here... TOTALLY WORTH IT.
4	Food is always delicious! I seem to ge the same thing over and over, but eh its because its so good! Rare Beef Pho, eggrolls, chicken fried rice... all delicious. I prepfer spicey everything and I like that they always have sauces you can doctor your food up with! Yum! The Pho broth is nice and tastey, not overly salty and not overly oily, and which you can find at alot of other places. The major downfall of this place is the horrible service... you really can't call it service at all... We were ignored for a good 12-15min before a manager came over and just said "what do you want". The plus side is the food comes out quickly and the tables turn fast so you don't have to wait long... but you really don't expect good service in a place like this i guess.Overall worth the food!
5	So, my question is, what is Pho?  We see the signs hanging all over town, so how come I don't know what it is?  I think I have had it before, my husband tells me I have, but funny thing is, I wouldn't know if I did.I googled it and it seems I have had it, and more than once.  I didn't know the official name of what I was eating, just knew it was good. So now that I know what it is, I am on a quest to find the best and thought I could start here.According to a few reviews, this place is supposed to have some really good Pho.  I picked out a charboiled pork with egg and thought it would be a little bit spicy, but it wasn't.  It was hot and hit the spot on this late night.  Is it one of the best, I cannot say that, but it's just the beginning of a tasty journey.
4	Pho Tai #14 was great!  Spring roll #1 was average.  Thai tea was good.  Service was fast and efficient.
4	We were somewhere around Barstow, on the edge of the desert, when the hangover began to take hold...Ok, not really. We were on the Las Vegas strip and had been drinking to Gonzo proportions for a couple of days. Anyone who eats pho knows that it is made from ancient magical Vietnamese ingredients and after more than 24 hours in Sin City we knew it was time for a non-alcoholic reset of the liver.The night before we were on an epic tear and vaguely remembered our bartender telling us about this place. His name was Mikey and he was a nice guy from the Philippines. We said, "Where do you go for pho?" He said, "Pho Kim Long". *blink, blink* I mean, this IS Vegas so you expect a little adult conversation but GEEZ! Molly shockingly replied, "Well, I never! We just want to know where to get local authentic pho!" He explained that that was the name of the restaurant in Chinatown. The owner's name is Kim Long. "OHHH! Ho ho..." Then we fell off our barstools and got kicked out of the club. I think. I know I ended up in my hotel room because that's where I woke up...We didn't plan on leaving the strip the next day but we knew we had to get some pho soon or we would get sucked back into the buffets and bad food experiences we had already grown tired of in the casinos. Local restaurants are the best. So we grabbed a cab and headed for Chinatown.Pho Kim Long is in a strip mall just as you get to Chinatown. It's a nondescript exterior so be sure you look for the sign. The interior is a surprise. It's not a four star restaurant, but it's got fish tanks and was clean enough.The service was quick and efficient. The beer selection (yes I did continue to punish the liver after all) was weird. They had Heineken and Sapporo but not Bud Light.Molly got the chicken pho and I got the seafood rice noodle soup. Both were delicious and full of flavor. The seafood soup had the good imitation crab and that can really make a difference. The shrimp were big and fresh and there was plenty of calamari. But the thing that really set it off was the roasted garlic cloves. That really set this pho apart from others I've had.Highly recommended!
4	I love their spring rolls!Their Fried noodles with shrimp is my favorite!My boyfriend introduced me to this place and I am happy he did!their staff is fast, but not attentive let alone friendly.Still love the food though.
4	Late review, but better late than never!  Visited Vegas for my first time in the beginning of August!  We've been eating out everyday for every meal, mostly fried oily dishes and I wanted something homely.  Asked a friend where there's some good pho out in Vegas and she recommended here!Although it was a hot 110 degree day, I wanted some pho!  Glad I came here cuz the chicken pho was good!  Didn't care much for the chicken, but the soup and noodles hit the spot!
5	PHO!?...... FoSho!What an amazing basin of goodness! Yes! That was my first impression of their Pho Dac Biet (#13 in the menu) a delicious bowl of thinly sliced rare beef, green onions, basil, bean sprouts, fresh basil, jalapeno slices and rice noodles swimming in this AMAZING broth! A dash of Sriracha, Hoisin sauce and a squeeze of lime slivers and you got yourself a bowl of Pho that is simply hard to forget! In an armada of buffets and pretentious eateries in "Viva Las Vegas" it is refreshing to find places like this! The best part is...They are open "almost" all the time! ( please see hours of operation )The place is nice, roomy and clean, the servers are attentive and does their job well. There is plenty of parking as it is located in some sort of a strip mall but don't let the location fool you as this place serves some really well prepared dishes. Try their freshly made spring rolls while waiting for your order, it makes my mouth water just writing this review about it!All in all, I have no complaints, I highly recommend Pho Kim Long especially after a hard night of partying in the city that never sleep! Enjoy!
4	Every time anyone in our party is craving asian food in Vegas, we head straight here! So far, this has been the best Asian restaurant we've had in Chinatown, so we just automatically come here, now. The wait is ALWAYS a pain in the ass, because it's always freakin' packed!! But, the wait's worth it. They redecorated since the last time we've been, and it looks like a mini jungle near the windows. lol It's always very loud in this place. Service is typical of any busy Asian restaurant - you don't have a specific waiter : you ask anyone who will come to you for service. haha Their food is delish. We had the sweet and sour soup, which had pineapples, beansprouts, catfish, and more. Yum. Their hainam chicken is okay, but it was a big portion. Their stir fried veggies were cooked just right. We also had something called  ca kho, which is catfish simmered in some kind of sauce... I don't know what in the world that sauce is made of, but it's addicting! Mix it with the rice and nom away. Their pho is pretty good too, although I forgot how much it was. A lot of places attempt to make pho but never succeed. Luckily, this place does, and does it well. What I didn't know is that they charge each person for rice. At first, I was kind of miffed by that, as many place don't, but I realized that this is very reasonable, considering that many people don't finish the whole thing and waste a ton of it. Wait out the line and try it! It's such a great representation of Asian food (: You must be tempted now... Go! it's now 24 hours for all you night people ;P
5	I have a friend that works here and invited me to dinner. The place is outstanding. Good vibe, good feel and good food!!!!
5	Yummy pho, Vegas price, of course, why wouldn't it be? Still, the pho broth was delicious, fresh noodles, perfect in every way. I randomly stopped by the right pho joint! There were so many along Spring Mountain.Oh, my friend ordered roasted duck. As great as it looked, it was obviously previously frozen for some time. Tasted that way.
4	Great place to come for post-clubbing / hangover pho!Personally, I'm not a fan of soupy noodle dishes (i.e. pho, udon, ramen, etc...I know bad Asian!) so I got the vermicelli bowl with grilled pork chop and egg rolls.  The marinated grilled pork chop was delicious.I came here on a Saturday afternoon around 1p and didn't have to wait for a table.The interior of PKL was once of the cleanest/nicest I've seen for a Vietnamese restaurant.
4	Ok it was late night and we were both trashed, it was about 2am and we had just left Sapphire so we decided to get some pho before we went back to her place., any way service was good and i felt safe knowing that there was 2 security officers on duty in and outside of this place which i thought was a nice touch., i guess a big ass fight had broken out before and things got out of control.. good place to go when hammered and hungry, food came out fast and we were eating our bowls about a little under 10 minutes right after we sat., that's just my experience at night.I've made an attempt to come here at around noon and the place was packed which i totally understand but i wasn't trying to wait around too long to get my bowl so i went to the one around the corner, OVERALL i liked it and would patronize here again.
4	Recently I realized that I haven't tried the Vietnamese Pho yet and so husband and I made a date out of this. I asked our server if he could recommend  any of the Pho's but unfortunately, I had a hard time understanding him and so I ended up ordering the combination Pho. This came in a big bowl and a plate with sprouts and some delicious herb on the side, which I guessed was some type of basil(?). I was very excited to try this soup and I'm glad I did, because it didn't disappoint. I loved the flavor it had and I just couldn't stop eating it. My husband wasn't on the adventurous side and tried a beef, noodle dish, which was delicious too.
4	The very first time I ever tried Vietnamese food years ago wasn't spectacular.  I'm glad somebody took me to Pho Kim Long and now, I'm hooked.Pho in some places have that eeewww taste to it from not scooping out the gray meat foam when they boil the meat.  At Pho Kim Long, I've never had a bad bowl of pho.  It always tastes clean.  I get the one with the brisket and rare steak all the time...sooo good!  I also like their charbroiled porkchop with rice, egg rolls and spring rolls with Thai tea on the side.Come here any time of the day since they're open 24hours/day.  Good place after partying, nursing a hangover or just because they have good pho (pronounced 'fuh' not 'foe').  Remember, you're coming here for the food, nothing else.  Expect obnoxious and sober tourists from 6pm to 11pm, obnoxious and drunk tourists from midnight to 5am Friday to Sunday, and locals all other times/days.
4	I love this place!Its such a good restaurant. the food is wonderful and there is nothing better then being able to get your favorite food at 2am :) The decor is great, its spacious and the staff is nice. I definitely take my friends here and I would tell anyone else to go there.Its a definite must try and love!
3	Ok.  I know that everyone loves this place, locals and tourists alike, but honestly, I didn't think this place was anything spectacular.  I tried this place with my entire family awhile back and we ordered some chinese dishes which were alright (though the seafood items were a no go).  I came back recently because I wanted to give the pho noodle soup another try (I had forgotten what it tasted like).  Turns out, I forgot because it's nothing too memorable - not horrible, but not exactly mind blowing either.  Here are the pros:  They have an extensive menu with pictures, and a variety of different dishes beyond what you see at your traditional pho place.Their wings with special sauce were pretty delicious too. Sweet and slightly spicy.It's pretty clean and looks pretty new. Here are the cons: If you're coming just for a regular pho special noodle soup, I'd say that it's decent here, but not great.  The one big gripe I had was that their pho special does not have tripe in it.  But if you're not a tripe fanatic like me, I guess it wouldn't matter to you.  Also, I don't think they give as much meat in their pho noodle soups as other places - the pho special large was really not that large, and only had a few pieces of rare steak and brisket in it.
2	First off - awesome name! haha! Now that we got that out of the way, one of my friends (who is a Vegas regular) recommended this place after a long night of eating, drinking, debating about politics, thinking about going clubbing, not going clubbing, getting old, and then getting hungry again!  I was excited, not becuase of the name, but because this place was supposed to have some really good PHO!Sad to say, I was very disappointed!  The pho looked good, but didn't measure up to its good looks.  My pho had rare beef and beef balls, both of which were dry and flavorless.  I added my normal squeeze of lime and tons of sriracha but the broth was just not doing it for me.  I took a few sips/bites and I was done!  Finished up my beer and left quite unsatisfied.  Maybe it was just an off night or maybe because it was 3 in the morning?!!
4	I would eat #23 for every meal if I could.
3	Good, but just not great. Nevertheless, pho is always a terrific hang-over food, which is exactly why I'm a fan of this place. Love the cleanliness of the restaurant, it does offer some level of trust in what you're putting into your stomach. Anyway, long story short- good pho, decent egg-rolls, cheap meal. Definitely worth every penny when you're hung over.
5	Try the charbroiled pork vermicelli!
1	I've had better. I used to come to this pho place all the time with my parents but haven't come here in a while. This was my go to pho place when i first moves to Vegas over 10 years ago. Since its been a long I thought I would come back and try it again. But things have changed all lot and not for the better. The soup was a decent size cause when I eat pho I love a lot of soup and a large dish. But there was not much meat or noodles in the bowl. Also the soup was not pipping hot at all. This was the first time ever that I didn't drip one drop of sweat eating my pho. It didn't even cook my raw meat all the way...it was still pink! Also ordered the shrimp spring rolls and too my disappointment they were TINY compared to a lot of other places and a little more pricey. Completely disappointing and definitely not going back there again! Save yourself your money and time and go to another pho place instead. Too many places put there. I am so disappointed in my most recent experience here.
5	Cold December night before Christmas... Who would have thought the place was packed to the gills.  Waited 7 minutes exactly was seated and the army of waiters and staff got to our order.  Filled it to perfection and was on our table within 10 minutes.Had the chicken pho.  Pat tai and something that the waiter recommended... Tender beef with broccoli.  All dele opus and very reasonably priced.One suggestion  would be to modernize the whole reservations/ checking in system.  Paper and pencil in this busy restaurant might not cut it.
2	For being a Pho place their pho wasn't all that great :( I could tell right away from the clear broth and strong smell of anise that I wasn't going to like it. I had to add tons of sriracha and hoisin sauce just to get some flavor in my broth. The taste of anise was still overpowering and I didn't care for it at all. We had fried egg rolls as well and those were good. The peanut dipping sauce however was ice cold :( One other thing I didn't like was the lack of meat combinations. There were only about 5 choices to choose from. I give this place a "meh"
5	Everytime I'm in Vegas, my friends make a stop here because it's that good!I sometimes get pho, but I usually get the Buon, I have no idea how you spell it.  The Vermicelli noodles with the eggrolls, veggies, etc without the soup.  It's like a salad dish with noodles.  That dish is always fulfilling and delicious anywhere I go.This place seems to be getting really popular, especially during the night.  It's always packed.  Non-Asian people are even loving it too.  There was a non-Asian at each table almost.  See, that good! LOLMy friends and I taxied here one night.  We had a taxi waiting for us outside, but someone jacked it!  Good thing there were many taxis out that night driving down the street.
3	Bun bo hue (spicy beef noodle) was delicious and so was the appetizer canh ga chien nuoc mam (fried chicken wings with fish sauce) - it tastes better than it sounds lolThe service was horrible though...
1	Food was good. I went there on sept 29th after we went to surrender. When I went to to the counter to pay, I had realized I grabbed the wrong bag and my other bag was in the car. I asked the guy at the counter if I can go to the car and get the other bag... The guy at the counter said leave your purse... I was like can you repeat that thinking that I heard wrong. He said it again and said leave your purse. I told him I wasn't going to do that and if he could just walk me to my car to get my other purse. He was like no we do not do that here.  I was like I wasn't going to leave without paying and how dare you treat me like this... I wouldn't have gone to the counter if I wasn't going to pay... He started taking receipts and slapped one at a time on top of each other on the counter. he was like these are the people who didn't pay. i cursed him out and told him it was an insult if he thought i was going to do that. You idiot! I went back to the table and asked my cousin to take my keys and go to the car to get my purse. She just gave me the money and I paid without giving a tip. It was such an insult. I will never go back. I hate the cashier there. Be prepared to feel like a thief.
4	where do asians from cali go for their vegas hangovers? here
3	A-OK. Only go there at very late night since they are opened till very late.
4	I'm here at least once a week. Its usually where I go after a long night of clubbing or when the weather is crap and you need some good soup. It's open 24/7 so its convenient. The service is always speedy but my orders are always correct so I have no complaints!
5	For all you perverted minded (all of us) let's get it out of our system first and snicker & smirk it off!  Whether you pronounce it correctly or not...it all sounds alike. "PHO KIM LONG" ... Yup that's the name of this fine restaurant.  Don't let the name fool you though.  The place has since been remodeled a while back with simple yet beautiful decor & backdrops that really make a difference and give you an ethnic feel to your Vietnamese dining experience.  Whenever one feels the crave for some luscious pho, this place will do justice.  They open early and close late practically open 24 hours...this place is great for lunch with family, a dinner date for two or a cure for your late night hang overs with friends.  In fact Pho Kim Long is great anytime to fill your tummy to satisfaction.  This place can get packed, especially on a weekend at peak hours...so be prepared for the crowd.  A downfall to this is their small waiting area up front.  With very little seating and standing area, this can be and is a fire hazard. But when this happens you know they must be doing something right...to have such an audience of hungry on goers wait amongst each other.  When you do get seated, be excited for once you decide what to order, the food is prepared quick and comes right out.  My favorite Pho here is the combination.  This comes with chewy yet tender tendon that melts right when you chew, also has your usual thin sliced flank raw meat & other goodness...the broth is very soothing and comes packed with flavor.  Their Salt & Pepper Calamari is scrumptious, but eat it fresh and hot as it will get soggy after a while...but still a yummy snack even after.  For those non-pho PHOnatics...they do have rice and other dishes to get your palates tainted with flavor....from pork, to beef, to fish, to even pad thai noodles...they par up pretty well.  My favorite dessert drink here is their Avocado Shake Smoothie with tapioca boba!  They must have atleast 100 pieces of boba....sounds like fillers...but they do give a generous amount of avocado shake in it.  You can also request the shake without boba.All in all...I may be too generous giving this place a high rating with 5 stars.  Others would disagree with me, as I can understand...I should be giving it only 4 stars because of the waiting area (but only an issue when it is packed) and also because prices here tend to be just a tad bit higher than some close rivals that are side by side comparable in quality,  I do give it 5 stars though because for some reason...I still keep coming back here for more ... rather than 2 others who are in my top 3 of Pho places in Las Vegas.Don't forget, you can also take out! and Pho Kim Long is very generous in portions!  You may pay a dollar or 2 more, but the portions are respectable and they wont rip you off like some other places: **COUGH-COUGH(PHO ROSE)COUGH-COUGH**
3	Pho Kim Long has the best pho name and probably best pho in town. Open 24/7 this place is busy no matter the hour. Despite the amount of people, getting seated never takes long. I always order pho and it always comes out within 5 minutes. Service is average, but not stellar.Overall this is my go to pho place in town. Everything is consistent from the taste to the service.
4	It's always crackin at Pho Kim Long everytime I come here! Usually it's when I'm drunk/after clubs/morning after lol and it never disappoints. Of course pho is the to-go meal for when you're hungover from the shenanigans of Vegas night life, so that will explain the herds of people who are always at this place.The food itself is bomb. The pho is always good to have, hot and with all the right flavors to cure your bod. The bun bo hue is also not bad. Egg rolls, of course. Can't say much for other foods that are non-soup because I have never tried them. But the pho, you can't go wrong.
5	Pho sure its good, and open 24 hours!
4	PHO MY PHOKING GAAWD!!!! Honestly new to Pho, ive seen all the signs up around Chitown for PHO DIS, PHO YOU AND PHO ME but @PHO KIM LONG! Good call fursure, the service was excellent, and the food was great. I got the shrimp and pork spring rolls as an appitizer and a Pho #13 Meat combination! Phoking awesome, i was feeling a lil sick and now, 2 hours later, im clear of any flu like symptoms from that Pho cure!  I cant wait to go back as they had really good looking duck on the menu, and the table next to us had this mountain of Calimari that looked to die for, i cant wait to go back, Really good price, for really good food, and really good service.
5	This is my favorite Pho spot!! They're open late, so you can go here after partying to sober up. I always get the charbroiled pork chops and rice with fish sauce on side. So yummy! My husband gets the combo pho and that's pretty awesome too.
3	Okay... Vegas may not be San Jose or LA's Little Saigon when it comes to Vietnamese food. However, with that being said, this joint really isn't too shabby either.Pho Kim Long (that name will never cease to get a chuckle out of me) is the go-to late night spot to get your drunk grub on. I've been here way too many times for my own good, as my state of sobriety while eating here is usually (although not always!) questionable. Regardless, the food is solid and the locals seem to love it.When I came to Vegas this past June for EDC (yep, as in the Electronic Daisy Carnival 2012 ---- suuuuch a crazy experience, btw), company preferred ordering family style dishes like shaking beef, ong choy, pork spare ribs etc. Everything was quite tasty and portions were ample, but I got the impression that this place catered more to American tastes. The dishes, while yummy in my tummy, were more like something you might find in a mainstream Chinese restaurant than authentic Viet food. Still, no real complaints as it was delicious nevertheless.During my last trip over Halloween weekend, though, I ordered more "true" Viet fare like seafood noodle soup and Bun Bo Hue. I was surprised that the taste and quality were above average. Definitely better than Tung Kee Noodlehouse and probably better than a good portion of pho spots back home! I can see why the locals took me here so often because if *I* was local, I'd probably become a regular too.However, here's the issue:NOT being a local, I'm on vacation. And should be eating Vegas-y thangs. Elsewhere. Thangs that are NOT pho. Since I can get plenty of it. Authentic, at that. At home.So...... basically......Eat it if you're a local, eat if you're drunk and broke, eat it if you want Viet food while in Vegas. Heck, I'd do the same. If none of these things apply, though? And you have a choice to eat something else? I would. Because dammit, it's called a vacation. Feed me fancy things. Because that's what I want. Hence.... 3 stars.
4	This last weekend (Nov 9-11), I had my first experience with this restaurant.  My friends have raved about the pho here for years (claiming that it is the best pho ever).  I am not really a big fan of pho, but followed the crowd to this place at 3am.  The place was still happening and buzzing.  We were seated right away and given huge glasses of water.  Our order was taken in a timely fashion.  I tried their cube steak and beef porridge.  Both was amazing.  Especially the cubed steak.  They were big pieces and extremely flavorful and juicy.  Great place to end the evening (or morning)
4	Yummy, ample portions and great variety.  Good sized restaurant open 24/7.  The staff was attentive and the food great.  Great deal, we left stuffed.  Had two appetizers, dishes and beverages.Would go back again.  Not for those with tiny stomachs.
4	I've gone to Pho Kim Long a few times while visiting friends in Vegas. It's right there on Spring Mountain Road, which is very busy decked out with restaurants and stores. At times this place gets really busy. But it usually doesn't take too long to get in. I've tried the beef cubes which are amazing as well as their pho. They do it really well here. Last time I visited we also got the salt and pepper shrimp. YUM. I would say that is a must try. This place is definitely one of my favorite spots to eat in Vegas. Best part is that they're open 24 hours as well!
2	We came here for lunch to give it a try. REGRET!  Absolute TERRIBLE service.  We were greeted by a hasty waiter who gave an angry disposition.  They gave us the menu and came back a minute later to take our orders. It would take me at least 5 to decipher their menu. In addition, one of my friends and I ordered similar pho but with slight differences in meat. One was large and the other was small.  After they brought out our food we started eating. 5 minutes later they came back to say that our bowls were mixed up.  For one thing, there is no noticeable differences between a large bowl and a small bowl. Well no use complaining about that anymore.The pho quality was somewhat substandard, salty, and lacked effort.  I know its Vegas, but there are many pho restaurants in the area and I've tried one a few blocks down Spring Mountain that actually has tasty well made broth.  This place did not give a lot of meat either.  I can only tell you that I am not coming back here.  It does look clean and all, but you will not be satisfied, just like the many visitors of Vegas who gave this place a try.
4	Great hangover Pho if you ask me!
5	OK 5 stars for the food and 3-4 stars for service. Every time the food is amazing! I love their chicken pho and the fried eggrolls that you wrap in mint and lettuce. The veggies are yummy too! Green beans, bok choy etc... if this place was closer to where I live I'd be there every few days guaranteed! Open one closer to Henderson pllllease!!! As far as the service goes, it's spotty. Everyone is very nice, it's just we always have to ask for our check and no one ever has checked on us to see if we needed anything. Regardless - I'll be back for the food cuz it's THAT good.
3	My Recommendation: There are much better options for pho around town during regular business hours. This place is only good to satisfy an after-hours craving.When you walk into Pho Kim Long, the first thing you see in front of you is a hostess booth, which is very out of place considering they don't have a hostess. You have to wait for a busser to seat you. That system is very inconvenient when it's busy. You'd have to wait until one of the bussers frees up to even put you on the waiting list, so essentially, you have to wait in line before you get the chance to wait "in line".Although I have tried and liked other things on the menu, I mainly just order the Pho. For a place called Pho Kim Long, you'd assume they'd put their main focus into their pho dishes, unfortunately that doesn't seem to be the case. The overall taste of the Pho is good, but it's the uneven portions that deduct from its rating. Too much meat and not nearly enough noodles. One visit, I ordered a large Rare Beef Pho, but the waiter gave me a small. I'm not upset about that. That's a simple mistake, but just out of curiosity, I reached into the bowl with my chopsticks and lifted up the noodles to get an idea of how much came in that order. It was pathetic. I was easily able to  hold every noodle up with one swipe. I thought "maybe it's just because it's the small". I then told the waiter about the size error and he came back almost immediately with the correct size, but when I checked to see what portions I was given this time, it was like deja vu. I received almost exactly the same amount. It's as if they just poured the small bowl from earlier into a larger bowl and added a few more scoops of broth. The lack of noodles is where the imbalance of noodle-to-meat ratio comes in. I was long done with all of my noodles before my meat. I had to resort to biting my noodles in an attempt to ration them so I had some for every new piece of meat, and this is a definite "no-no" in the noodle world. Customer service is friendly, when present. This place often gets hit with a high volume of customers during the night (probably because they are one of the few Vietnamese restaurants that stay open 24 hours) so if you like places where the waiter is very attentive, this is not the place for you. Although I do commend them for being able to keep a friendly demeanor under stressful conditions, it's just sometimes I'd prefer a refill on my drink instead of a smile.The restaurant itself is gorgeous. The walls are aligned with live aquariums and decorative flora and for such a high traffic restaurant, it is kept extremely clean. To be honest, it looks like a fine dining establishment.  Another positive about this place, that I briefly mentioned before, is that it is open 24 hours and conveniently located just off of the strip. It's close enough to not be a hassle to get to after a long night of partying, but far enough to get away from all of the chaos of stereotypical Las Vegas. I have a strong suspicion that their pho dishes are premade. The wait time from point-of-order to point-of-arrival is very short. Extremely short if you take into consideration how busy it gets; that's most likely why they'd do that. If I had to wait as long as it would take to make every meal made-to-order, the wait would not even be worth it. In short, I would probably never crave Pho Kim Long's pho specifically, but if it's after hours and I am craving pho in general, this would be the place to go only because there aren't many other options.
2	Out of all the pho places in Vegas, I actually really like the rare steak and the brisket in the pho.  Doesn't have much fat, the pieces are very clean.  I gotta give them credit.  Some other restaurants serve really bad pieces of meat that are almost inedible or have too much fat on them.  Why 2 stars?  Restaurants owners, please don't ask your staff to ask customers to leave once they get their check so other people can have the table.  This has happened a couple of times to me on Spring Mountain, I think it's pretty insane and pretty darn disrespectful.
4	It isn't Pho to Chau in Honolulu but it's good Pho. Can't go wrong with this place. I wouldn't go for lunch hour while at work though this place will make your clothes smell like a kitchen.
3	ok bun bo hue but great at 3am!
3	Wanted to check this place out on my recent visit to Vegas. Service was fast. Staff was friendly.However, I'm not use to seeing that kind of price tag for an average bowl of pho. The noodle was alright. The soup was not memorable. Honestly just a whatever meal.Would I come back here again? No. There are cheaper and better tasting pho joints in Chinatown. PS. Women's restroom, dirty...
1	I am a Vietnamese from southern california so when it comes to eating PHO, I am not an outsider.  Just about every trip to Vegas, We have made countless  stops here at Pho Kim Long, Not because their food is good( not when a diner compares the quanlity and quantity with a more populous Vietnamese community like Westminster CA, San Jose CA, or Houston TX...Their pho's taste seems ok but the size is like a small bowl in CA and is far away from being on the top notch. Once in Vegas, when it comes to Vietnamese food, a diner does not have many choices. Even though there are better choices now( in compare with a few years back, thanks to the competition.)But what really gets me to Stand Up:) and create a Yelp account to "award" the first so call negative review for Pho Kim Lonng is that I had a bad diarrhea in Vegas and really need a hot bowl of beef congee with green onions and ginger in it to wash down two caplets of loperamide HCL 2mg. So my wife called and ordered two bowls of the beef congee for me and for her too, since we were staying in a hotel room. Being so exhausted at 3am, I had to drive up there to pick up the food. Ohh my God!!! When I opened it there was literally Almost noooooo meat! ( something My body really need to digest for recovery). When I said Almost it means that there was just a few very tiny pieces floating up and down to the point that I would rather don't see them so my mind can do a better job of persuading the so disappointed stomach that they have forgotten to put the meat in!I have done with my duty as a Yelp reviewer. There are not only Vietnamse diners but also many Americans and others. I wish the best for the consumers' community and hope that as a diner, you will make the best choice for yourself.
1	I am currently sitting in the middle of the dining room feeling as if no care is given by management.Horrible and disrespectful service.  food came out very fast but was extremely cold as if it was cooked an hour ago. Actually it was a fried egg roll and it was cold inside and out so of course it has been sitting for a long time. When we asked for the food to be hot, the waiter said, "it is hot". such bad service and I am even taking in consideration that it is an Asian restaurant where service is not the number 1 concern or priority. I am sitting in my seat right now waiting for a manager, getting looks from my waitress as if I am lying about cold food. Unbelievable.
3	The rumors are true: VEGAN PHO! yes, they have it; and it is GOOD! It's a very flavorful broth loaded with tons of veggies.  The only drawback is no protein! Now, some places go all crazy town with a million kinds of fake meat, which is really not necessary; but throw a sister a couple of tofu cubes at least! Still, I can't complain too much about a tasty huge bowl of goodness for only a few ducats.  I rounded out my food pyramid with some very tasty tofu nuggets.  Great late night spot (open 24 hrs) and perfect food to soak up the booze.
2	ive been here twice and want to really like it, but always found it to be sub par.  sure, the food is cheap and its open whenever you need food, but its always mediocre at best and sometimes tastes kind of funky.
4	Good food. Kind pricey as they charge for the extras.
3	Love their food here. Great spot to go to after going out on a party. The service could be better tho!!
3	Whoa! Very potent pho. You can smell it before you even enter the store! I personally didn't mind it (I love pho), but some of my friends thought it was unpleasant. Service was great. A group of five girls can be very annoying/demanding, but they handled it very well. The broth was light and really hit the spot after the long drive over to Vegas. This place would be great for day-after hangovers! I wasn't craving brisket this time, so I ordered the shrimp pho. The shrimp were pretty small in size, but they give a decent amount. It went well with the broth too. My friends also ordered some fried rice to go. We knew that we'd be hungry when we got home after a night out, and their fried rice re-heated nicely.Btw, you will leave smelling like you took a bath in pho. :)
4	I heart this place for Bfast.  Pho Kim long is perfect for late night munchies BC they never close.   There was only few other customers dinning early am. My order rare beef with a order of added meat balls arrived asap. The the fresh mints, sprouts and jalapeno made my pho yummy on a cold morning.Another plus is they take credit cards with no minimum so I'll  certainly return here for bfast for the convenience.
1	Super bad service. The waiter my family and I had was so rude! So my brothers and my boyfriend were already waiting at the table before my mom and I sat down, the waiter come seconds after we picked up the menu. My mother had questions about a noodle dish.. Yet he told my mom on Vietnamese "if you are not ready to order yet, don't call me over." thing is, we didn't call him over! He was rushing my mom when he could have kindly told us he'd give us a minute to come back. I know that vietnamese restaurants usually have shiet service but the waiters attitude was intolerable. Anyway, The pho was bleh, it was a light soup that had way too much star anise it was okay to me,.. I expected more since this restaurant had a buncha ppl waiting in line for the food. My mi xao had waaaaay too much starch in it.. It tasted like day old Chinese food that's been heated up.. The gravy was sooo hot... The last thing that bothered me was the smell.. We sat on the back near the restroom/kitchen.. It stuck so bad! They needa cover that wall or clean their restroom.. The smell was so disgustingly nasty.. I can't even explain to yu. Sigh* my family and I shoulda walked out but my brother already pre ordered calamari.
5	The rare steak soup is the best in town! Add an order of egg rolls and you'll go home happy.
3	Food is OK and waiting too long.  We order sweet-sour soup with flounder and the soup has little vegetable and a lot of water.  It costs us $35 to ride the taxi from the casino and the food is not worth it, especially white rice is not coming with the food, we paid $3.00 extra.
4	This place is always packed - which is a good sign. Service is very prompt and efficient. You may feel like a this place is a cattle call. When you are done eating, you are expected to quickly pay and leave. The food is great. I typically go for the Pho Tai Chin and the spring rolls. Both of which are made fresh and served within minutes of ordering at your table. This place is conveniently located just a few minutes drive from the Spring Mountain/LV Blvd area of the Strip.
5	A bit of a wait, but that's expected for a popular joint. Best pho ever!  Kind and fast service with great food! Open 24 hrs and near the strip. Even if you are not into pho, they have great selection of different varieties. Liked this place so much ate here twice during the same Vegas trip.
2	The pho's a bit pricey and they're very short on selection variety. And it's even worse because the size of the pho was tiny. I needed a magnifying glass to see it! Just kidding. But you get what I mean.It was edible and okay at the least,The wait's long and it's super crowded.Would I come back? Nah. I'll try the other pho places around Vegas, if I ever come back.
3	This place is a godsend to people who just say PHO it after a night at marquee or xs. Its essentially open around the clock, the pho is pretty tasty, and the prices are very reasonable. I'm not usually in Vegas to have Vietnamese cuisine, but when I do, this place is it. I'm only giving it 3 stars because Cali spoils people on Viet cuisine  and this place isn't quite there yet in terms of taste. I'd give a 3.5 stars if I could though.
4	Nice place to have lunch. Pretty decent price for what they have to offer. It gets busy during lunch so be prepared to wait.  The servers were nice and friendly. Haven't had any issues w/ them yet.
1	In all my years I have never been met with such horrific and disgusting service. Me and my family went to eat dinner. We got seated briefly but service did not come until 20 minutes later. There was 5 people in the restaurant it shouldn't have taken that long not even a water ! Please do better next time I was actually a regular...
3	Pros: -open 24hrs-organized waiting list-clean for a pho place-quick, but crap service(typical of viet places)-the pho helped my hangoverCons:-crap service-meh pho-8 bucks for pho-smaller portions than other pho joints I've been toOverall, it's a pretty mediocre place. If you're in Vegas and have a pho craving, it will do. But just don't expect it to do that much.
5	Great place with bomb food! Try their spring rolls with the peanut sauce, yummy!Cooks in late evening make food a bit better than the daytime... Perfect place to eat after clubbing to sober you up! =$
4	One of the best drunk foods there is... as long as you have a DD.Certainly not the best pho of my life or even Chinatown, LV. But for being open late, serving up some decent pho at an ok price ($8-9 a bowl), and for being open on New Year's! Solid 4 stars. And remember kids... the drunker you are, the better it tastes. As an added bonus, you'll feel less hungover the next morning too.
4	ah, finally... Vegan Pho!!!! Gotta love it.  You would think that when you order the vegan pho, there would be tofu in it a long with all the vegetables.  Well, there's no tofu in the vegan pho dish.  But it's ok.  It's still very good and tasty.  You can just order the tofu as an appetizer. I think the service here  is like any other pho place.  If you want something, then you have to call for the waiter to come over. But it's great that this place is open 24 hours!  I would come back here just for the vegan pho and tofu appetizers.
4	A nice vacation destination. It's the New Year and I feel lucky for this place. It opens late especially around the 4 am hours. Ate the #13 pho and was completely satisfied. Nothing like hot noodle soup (with some meat if course) after walking around 30 degree weather in the desert. Worth the drive for people wanting better Asian food selection away from the strip.
2	Pho wasnt all that great, but a great way to cure a hangover...broth wasnt good and the waiters and waitresses forgot alotta things that we ordered.
4	The food here is photastic :-P service is a little slow, but the soup comes out quickly! The place is always busy, but they seat your party in a timely manner. The price is reasonable and best of all its open late!
4	My inner Vietnamese Pho snob wants to give this place 3 stars. My hungry Vegas cheap college student wants to give this place 4. So let's settle for 3.5.Parking: nice little private lot right in front. Yay I love vegas, you never have trouble looking for parking like in LA.Service: very attentive. They have a freaking army of servers even at 1AM. I was very mindblown. They came by to refill water once or twice, gave us an excess of lemons when we asked for more lol . Food: definitely the best.pho.ever. A very big bowl contains not that much noodles and beef. But I very much enjoyed the warm comfort food at 1AM in the cold dessert weather after clubbing. MMM MMM MMM. Prices are a little jacked up.... but we have to deal because there aren't that many pho places close to the Strip that are open late-nights. Very FRESH and clean bean sprouts. I was very impressed! All the legit leaves were there too!We paid and were about to leave. DUN DUN. Ice and Coco for E's Ice Loves Coco came in. THEY EAT PHO?!?! Mindblown part 2. Just for that, I gave Kim Long the extra half a star for their coolness! Will be back the next time I'm hungry for some cheap eats late at night in Sin City :)
3	I would give 3.5 stars if given the choice.  This place was packed 3am in the morning!  While the pho is fairly priced and tastes decent in Vegas, I cannot give it 4 or 5 stars due to the wondering choices I have tried in the Bay Area especially San Jose.  But, since there's not a whole lot of pho options in Vegas, this will have to do.
4	One of the best Vietnamese restaurants in Vegas, that also why the place is always really crowded.Expect long waiting time, but with awesome service. They always have many servers no matter how late, and very attentive. Pho & family-style dishes are very good, and have authentic taste. I love their deep fried tofu and fish in claypot.
4	You can't go wrong with Pho Kim Long. Morning , noon, or all night! Quality food, fast service, and friendly environment.  Order anything. It'll be above average.
4	Came here twice during the weekend for my bun bo hue and banh xeo fix. And yes, i ordered the same thing both times. The servers were coherent and quick with everything. They actually show compassion and wants to start a conversation with you--this rarely happens to me especially not at Asian restaurants. They are open 24 hours so a friend and I came here during 3AM after the club. The place was busy during this time, but our food still came out in a timely fashion. Will definitely come back. This place did not get the full five stars despite all of the great things because I like my bun bo hue a little on the sweet and very spicy side. Add chili to the soup just doesn't do the trick...
4	I didn't get the PHO so i can't comment on that, but I will be back to get it next time! We ordered the peppered filet mignon and the braised fish in the clay pot (ca kho and bo luc lac for the vietnamese peeps) Both were really flavorful! The steak was tender and juicy. The fish was a yummy balance of sweet and savory, definitely recommend! One star off bc i thought they used way too much ground pepper.  It was clean and crowded for a Tuesday night and we had great service.I will be back for the pho in the near future!!
5	Able to get Pho fix any time of the day. Always order # 15 when i go there. Nothing better than hot soup in a cold day.
4	I am always weary when it comes to going to Vietnamese restaurants. I am also kind of hesitant when it comes to Vietnamese restaurants that serve Chinese food. With that being my family's background, it is hard to eat at some places and not say that one of my parents could make it better.It has been forever since I went to a restaurant with the intention of getting pho. I came here with a group of friends to celebrate one of them getting a promotion. None of us ordered from the Vietnamese menu. It is probably for the best, because I am unforgiving most of the time. Instead we got items off of the Chinese menu and did it family style. The eggrolls and crab rangoons are nothing special. I would rather skip the appetizers and just order more entree dishes. The Pepper Beef is generous and comes with a beautiful array of broccoli. Mongolian Beef was tender and had a decent flavor to it, but it lacked the kick. Kung Pao Chicken had me searching out for the hot peppers to make up for the previous dish. The Singapore Noodles came in a mountain sized portion and had a subtle curry flavor to it. The stand out dish was the Honey Garlic Porkchops. They are phenomenal. Large pieces of boneless and bone in meat fried crisp, tossed in a lightly sweet sauce, and topped with fried chopped garlic. I was grabbing piece after piece.Not only is Pho Kim Long a place to sooth your hangover. It is a place to get it started. With a decent selection of mainly imported Asian beers and a few common domestics, you can begin the party. Add in some cold sake to do sake bombs and you have a party. With 2 apps, five entrees, and three rounds of drinks we paid $120. It is a deal.
4	Def my favorite Pho' restaurants in Vegas!!! I love this place! It's open always and the food is hot, plenitful and Delicious! I sometimes get entrees, and they are always great, but my all time most ordered is the Pho'... I sometimes order it with the egg noodles for a different taste. Both fantastic.Hope to see you there sometime! :)
5	Pho was great - excellent broth and quality meat. Egg rolls were very good. Interior is very nice and service was prompt. Highly recommend.
4	Never had pho and didnt know what to expect. For a person that doesnt understand the concept of the menu, its very hard to know what you are getting and the difference between the items on the menu.  I decided to not ask and go with a simple chicken pho. Besides 2 pounds of scallions on top, the pho was amazing for my standards. Obv i have never tried it before so i cant tell the difference between good and bad pho.  I also ordered sweat and sour shrimp. I have probably had chinese food 500x in my life, and i can tell you this dish was probably in the top 5 dishes i have ever had. Amazing. The service was extremely fast but not overly friendly. I also dont expect much from these waitors so it didnt bother me. I will def be back, and cant wait to try some different kinds of pho.
4	It's like a fusion asian restaurant usually when you think of pho, you'd expect only Vietnamese food but there's a variety. The atmosphere & vibe is great. So is the pho, which was excellent. Next time I'm in Vegas, I plan on trying out some new stuff here. This is a really great place to get a pho fix, I consider this a place for excellent delicious sober food.
5	Can we say super delicious? At least thats what I remembered when I was drunk right after clubbing! LOL! It was super packed at like 3AM or so. I had their pho and the egg rolls and it was super yummy!
4	ALways fast and efficient service and great Pho!
4	good pho, good friend rice and good duck. open late and the food comes quickly and hot. definitely a good night cap!
3	Aside from an interesting name, there isn't much else reason to come here. The food is pretty average. It comes out quick and the service is nice.Cheap food option outside of the strip.
4	My go to place for Salted Fish and Chicken Fried Rice!Add in a side order of their crunchy good spring rolls and I'm set. Fast, almost always friendly service, and I've always wondered how that night manager, at least he looks like the manager, is able to stay that skinny when he is surrounded by all this food...
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! I always come here on rainy days and hangover nights. They are open late and the service is really quick! The deep friend spring rolls are bomb!
3	It's a "high end" Pho restaurant.  The decor is nice inside, compared to all the countless  hole in the wall Pho places, but the food is lacking.  It is also open 24hrs, so if you are craving Pho at 300am, this place is open.  I started with the fresh spring rolls.  It was bland and tasteless.  The rice wrap was soft, so that is a plus, but even with the peanut sauce, it did not stand up to a good tasting fresh shrimp spring roll.I ordered the Bun Bo Hue.  It was actually pretty tasty.  You get to add the spice to it yourself, so the broth is to your liking.  Each bite had meat, tendon and they also included the pig knuckle (which I like in my Bun Bo Hue.)  I would order it again.  The noodles were thick and cooked right.  It was a good bowl of Spicy noodles, but for $9, it better be good.The total bill was $15, a bit overpriced for an underwhelming experience.  Would I repeat?  Yes.  I would just order the Bun Bo Hue or try the Pho next trip.
3	This place is potent as fuck! You could smell the place from your car a mile away. Ok, yeah, that's just a mild exaggeration on my part, but whatever. You leave the place leaving with the smell of Pho on you, but then again, I love pho so that's really not a problem.The food was great and came out quickly, which is the best thing after drinking and clubbing at 5am and walking around in the cold. If I have to be honest, the main reason why I even wanted to try the place was because of the name. I'd go anywhere where the name is a sexual pun...or if this was just a Vietnamese name and it was done without any bit of irony, then my apologies... Other wise, pho kim long? Yes please!
3	Went here twice in one day.  Not because it is awesome food, but because it is open 24hrs and was accessible.  The Pho is great.  But my favorite is the beef cube.  The biggest disappointment this time was the chicken fried rice.  There was hardly any chicken and very bland.  Not sure if it was because it was 2:30am and they ran out or not.  But other than that, a good place to get your late night fix.
4	Place is not that big but the service is super speedy and we ordered and our stuff was out within 10 minutes.  Plus side its open 24 hours!!
3	This place is cool, not only cause the name, but the hours. The food's pretty good, ordered pho and you can get extra broth for just $1. The service is alright, like any other mom and pop asian place. We had a problem with our check and the man was being very rude about it. I'm sure there are numerous large parties that come through the restaurant and want to split checks or pay partial cash, partial card. The man was just being very impatient and fussy and the funny part is they weren't even busy at the time, he was probably just having a bad day. The prices are reasonable too and the food is good. But this is the place to be after a long night of partying or to cure your hangover in the morning!
5	FAVORITE Pho in Chinatown.   Open late night, this is it.  Why look further, they are awesome.  The Awesome Noodles, Drunken Noodles and the FULL Chinese menu besides the trendy pho and vietnamese is all insane.   The Spring rolls come with a bowl of peanut dipping sauce that you want to lick clean, bu tknow its totally fattening, but get one to start.  Its enough for two!   I also love the Combo Pho here, its balanced perfectly.   The staff here is ON IT!  Great service.  Great prices.  INCREDIBLE Food.  Get some.  #1 place for Pho in China Town, I say!   Yummy!
4	Food quality: 4/5The pho here is awesome! I loved my pho tai chin with some bo vien. It wasn't too hot and the noodles didn't stick together. The one thing I wasn't impressed with was the spring rolls which are something my girlfriend and I almost always get with our pho, hence the 4/5.Customer service: 5/5It's good for any sort of asian food place. The people were courteous, kept my water filled without me asking, and delivered the bill promptly/returned the receipts.Ambiance: 4/5The place is in the heart of asian town on Spring Mountain Rd. It's nice inside and smells strongly of pho (which is why you're going here, right??). The one thing I disliked was the fish tank looked quite unkempt while I was there, but that could have been something they were in the process of cleaning or something... Still, minus one star.
3	Pho Kim Long has actually grown on me. At first I wasn't very impressed, but after trying a few different things I have kind of come around.First of let me say that I work overnights, so when I get off at 5am my options are extremely limited. Pho Kim Long is probably the healthiest option if i want to eat out. The place is always clean but the service is lacking. Usually one person takes your order, another brings you the drink (a lot of the time after receiving food), another brings you the food.The food always comes out in random order. Sometimes the Pho comes out first, sometimes the entrees. Sometimes it takes forever and sometimes its quick.Because I've been there at least 20 times I've tried a lot on the menu, but not everything (the menu is extensive). The combination pho is good, it's not the best I've had but its consistently good. no complaints.The spring rolls are fresh, but they are small. A lot smaller than any other place I've been.Some of the entrees I've had we're just mediocre including Kung pao chicken, mongolian beef, curry chicken, and walnut shrimp. They weren't bad, just nothing stood out.One dish that did stand out was the Honey garlic pork chops. I don't know if these are Vietnamese or Chinese or what, but they are some of the best food I've had at an asian restaurant. So tasty!All in all, with the exception of slow service I don't have any major complaints for Pho Kim Long. I'll continue to go there, just usually late night because during the day I feel like there are better options.
4	This place has excellent food.  The service is very fast to bring food, but you almost always have to ask for the check.  It's a little loud there especially on busy weekend nights.  They redecorated a few years back making the place much cleaner and nicer to dine at.  I have eaten many items here, but find that the Chinese food is average and the Vietnamese food is excellent.  I especially like the pork chops, Bun, and the KimPho Long egg rolls.  The Pho is good, but not their best dish - I think the broth could use some more flavor  Some of the best Vietnamese food in Las Vegas and we have tried many of them.
5	Excellent authentic Vietnamese with a lot f choices to be adventurous and sample.  Amazing place.
1	(I was a tourist to Vegas and came with about 10 guys) Don't expect to get served if you come in at 4am.  We left because they didn't want to serve us.  Didn't take any order for drinks or food.  Didn't even bother to properly seat us.  Just grabbed the menus and placed it on the table without telling us to follow.  When we asked if we were suppose to be seated, he gave a light nod so it was hard to tell what he wanted us to do.  His communication skills was lacking as if he didn't want us there.   After 15 minutes of being ignored, we left.  I don't know what their problem was but if you're going to open a restaurant until 5:30 am in the morning, you should treat all guest like they are wanted there.  Don't be surprised if any of the other 10 guys from my group rates your restaurant with a 1 star.
4	Date/Time:  Saturday - 12pmOccasion:   Lunch to kick off the weekendParty of:  FourOrdered:  pho tai bo vien; steak on the sideTotal incl gratuity: ~$10ppWhat Vegas trip is complete without stopping by for pho?  This place is really nice for a pho restaurant.  Decor is clean and modern.  The food is good too.  Broth comes out nice and hot too.  Must give props to their extra attentive and friendly service.  I ordered pho tai bo vien with steak on the side.  They inadvertently forgot to give me steak on the side.  I actually didn't even say anything and the manager brought out a plate of steak as well as a hot bowl of broth for me.  Very considerate.A must visit for those visiting Vegas looking for a remedy for their hangovers.  Avoid primetime lunch on weekends -- wait tends to be a little longer.
5	Best tasting pho broth in all of vegas,  fast service,  no nonsense,  #3 fried rolls are a must have.  Open 24 hours!  U never know when you're gonna be in the mood for pho.
3	I love the convenience of a 24-hour Vietnamese restaurant that serves food faster than many of the fast food restaurants in town! In my opinion, the food here is average, and the same with the service. However, I do love Vietnamese egg rolls and eating their salted pork chops! One extra star for the chefs/cooks being able to make those two dishes quite a treat for me at 2:00 a.m.!
4	Cameher for dinner and walking into this place is very nice and service is good. Ordered the spring rolls which come with a sauce idk what its called but its very good and addicting. I ordered the chicken pad thai noodles and my gf ordered sweet and sour shrimp. Let me tell you the chicken pad thai was very good and flavorful. The sweet and sour shrimp was good but not my favorite. Its a little to sweet from others i have tried. But overall i will be coming back to try other items on the menu..
4	This is one of my favorite go to places for pho and vietnamese food.  Its super popular with the locals and its menu is wide and there are lots of choices.  The menu is visual and multiple pages so you can actually get lost trying to make a decision.  It can be pretty packed in the evening,  and nearly impossible to get a seat in under 30 minutes in the early am after the clubs let out.  The staff is pretty attentive and gets food out in about 15-20 minutes after its ordered.  The dishes are served family style,  meant to be shared,  but i often eat an entire dish to myself.  I usually order the delicious spring rolls (cold),  the deep fried tofu pillows,  and either the seafood phad thai,  or the honey walnut shrimp,  which melts in your mouth.  I highly recommend pho kim long.  The fact that it is 24 hours, makes this a super useful spot to get your Vietnamese good fix anytime of the day or night!Cheers! -MikeB
2	I forgot why I hadn't visited in such a long time, but now I remember. Everything was so unmemorable. We visited one evening with a friend when our first choice in Chinatown had an hour wait. I should have trusted the instinct of not going to your last choice.We ordered the Salt and Pepper Calamari to start. The batter was strange and oily, but still pretty tasty with the chopped chilies, garlic, and etc. Plus, the dipping sauce was good. Ruben ordered the Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio (charbroiled pork and egg roll with rice vermicelli noodles). The pork was flavorful, but the dish as a whole was not very cohesive and bland. I ordered the Drunken Noodles with the Vegetarian option. I really like the flat, thick rice noodles and lots of fresh vegetables, so I was immediately drawn to this dish, however, it lacked in flavor and depth. A bit of Sriracha sauce saved it toward the end, but any great dish wouldn't have to rely on a table condiment. Our friend, Juan, ordered the Chicken Pad Thai and it was okay.Needless to say, I didn't enjoy the meal very much. The highlight was the Calamari and still, that was no where close to being the best calamari dish I've eaten. Obviously, I didn't try Pho and perhaps that may be something they do really well? I wouldn't count on it since everything else was so disappointing. Service was okay, no complaints. Anyway, there are so many other spots in town serving up better Thai food, Vietnamese food, and whatever else they're serving here and just steps away.
5	The best pho! Its phobulous! Super over priced. Great atmosphere. And yummmy!
3	If you are hungover, and ready to go home from Vegas come here to eat. Their pho is good, and the service is good. Also they serve their coconut juice/ water straight from the coconut. Delicious! Party hard, and soup it afterwards! ENJOY!
4	I'm a fan, I mean, the name alone draws you in... Then when you ask locals where to go, they'll still say the same... Sure there are other good places around, but this is just as good as them all!
3	I believe that every pho lover in Vegas will eventually make it to Pho Kim Long because the ample amount of reviews. The menu is pretty vast and the atmosphere is comfortable and nice. Although the food satisfied my pho craving, it did not impress me. My rating will go to Pho Saigon 8.
4	open late night, nice prices and an Impressive dining room. yes sir! food is good too And fast!!
3	I come here often because this place open late. I love the Pho here.I like their pho, spring roll, and the egg rolls. Everything else I tried here was just okay for me. Service can be really bad for sometimes. Sometimes they forget my order and the waiters there don't talk much when I ask something. The other night when I was there, I didn't get my food for 20min. so I asked the waiter if my food is coming. He didn't say anything about it and left my table. He came back with my food 10min. later. Hmm.... may be he could've said "I will check on your food" or "It is coming"?!! Every time I go there, service is just Meh...... But I will still go there.
5	My fave place ever to eat at 3am, also best hangover food. I come here all the time and recommend it to satisfy any late night hunger cravings .
5	wow i don't think anything from my experience was mediocre lol the food was excellent, the staff was extremely friendly, the price was very reasonable as well as the portions! I had the wonton soup with noodles and damn was that soup filling and even the dessert i got ,which was the chocolate truffle, was incredible even though it was a simple dessert but ooooooh so yummy. Its safe to say that i will here next tuesday :D
4	Love the food here. I ordered Pho Dac Biet & Che Ba Mau :)
3	I'm a frequent visitor of Pho Kim Long but they're not normally my go-to spot. The convenience of being open 24 hours is typically what wins me over. I am deeply addicted to the eggs rolls. Those lettuce wrapped egg rolls do it in for me all the time! My girlfriend usually gets the pho. I'm not a fan of pho so this review is not for the pho alone. I've had the duck a few times here and it's a hit or miss. I'll either get all bone or all skin. The service is less than mediocre. You wait to be seated and the second you're seated you're rushed to put in your drink order. The second your drinks arrive they pressure you to put in your food order. It can get a tad uncomfortable.
3	Depending on the day the food is worth 4 stars and the service at best 3 stars. The food ive had here several times. its one of the only pho joints open 24/7 and plus after raging in vegas coming here is a perk. instead of eating crap a$$ food on the strip or your hotel food court. The pho ga is my favorite here. The spring rolls are decent next time i come to vegas im def hitting another pho joint to get a good compare. If you have the time just go to Lotus of Siam Beautiful Thai food. If not this is WAY better than eating dirt on the strip late night.
4	Yayy for pho after a long weekend of partying! I don't think I've ever gone to vegas and not come here on our way back home. The food is good! The service is slow due to so many people and theres always a line which are the only cons to this place. Its not the BEST pho I've ever had, but coming here has turned into a routine after a long vegas trip.
5	One of my favorite spots in LV!! Ya gotta try it at least once!
5	Best Asian restaurant in Vegas.  A mix of a lot of different Asian cuisines.  Everything I have had here is excellent.  It's my wife's favorite spot for pho.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The pho has such a great flavorful broth.  The crispy calamari was fresh and delicious, just a little greasy.  The lettuce wraps were spot on.   The Beijing beef is awesome and the orange chicken is the best I've ever had.   My sister ordered the half fried chicken, delicious.  The servers are always fast and on time.  Food is always served very quick, you really never have to wait for anything. Will always return.
2	Not my favorite place for Pho. I think Panda Express has better fried rice and their was a bug in my egg roll sauce. Egg rolls were over fried. They may have a good location but I will definitely go somewhere else for Pho
1	If I have a choice, I don't even want to give 1 star.service sucks!there's a girl at the entrance, she is so rude to me, we brought a stroller for our little one, she yelled at me not to block someone's passage, is that the right attitude toward the customer? she didn't even show me any other place to park my stroller. Should I just place it outside of the restaurant, so people can take it?Manager doesn't know how to train their employee...so pathetic!food is not any better than typical pho restaurant. too much MSG. Eek. Don't go this place period!so disappointed.
3	I rated this 3.5 stars and only rounded down since I did realize I don't usually go to have pho here, or anywhere, on my own usually. Only when friends want to go. It's not that I don't think pho is good food. It's just that I have so many other favorites that rank above it, so sue me hehe. That said, I have tried pho at alot of places but I've been here the most. That partly is due to its proximity to the Strip and being open 24hrs. Who am I kidding, those ARE the main reasons I've patronized this pho establishment more than any other pho spot. Friends visiting out of town, want late night eats nearby after gambling and/or partying all day/night. I remember when it wasn't open late. Then it seemed like every year or 2 the closing time became 1hr later, next thing I know it's 24hrs! Pho spots are notorious for their horrible service. Although the last time I went recently the service was horrible. The pho came with a lemon wedge instead of limes and I got exactly one basil thai stem. And we could never find our waiter and ended up having 3 separate waiters help us. Besides that, the service has been pretty decent here. The broth doesn't taste noticeably better or worse than any of the other pho's I've had. I do get a little annoyed everytime I get my pho, the rare steak on top is already fully cooked from the heat of the broth. I should probably follow my one friend's lead and ask for the meat on the side so that doesn't happen but I always forget.If you eat at the hours I do, there probably is not many other options but during normal times when people eat, there are alot of pho choices scattered along Spring Mountain Road in Chinatown. I think it's a decent place for pho and it helps that you never have to worry if it's closed.
4	Totally awesome food but its one of those places that needs to buy out the spaces next to it to make it bigger so the wait isn't so long lol. Great pho, great salt n pepper pork chop and rolls.....overall awesome...
4	Totally awesome food but its one of those places that needs to buy out the spaces next to it to make it bigger so the wait isn't so long lol. Great pho, great salt n pepper pork chop and rolls.....overall awesome...
4	I love this place and I go here A LOT but that doesn't mean it is good, it is just comforting I suppose. I don't generally go late night or when I am drunk. Mostly lunch dates.Service: I have been coming here since 2008ish and it has slowly just gotten worse over time. The wait staff is always rushing you. I think it is ridiculous to be asked 4 times by the same time if you are ready to order within a 7 minute span. It makes you feel like "Hey we don't want to satisfy you, we just want your money and for you to leave." We got our food and halfway through our meal a lady came over and gave us our check, said thank you, and asked us are we done? My friend and I were both literally sitting with utensils in hand and half eaten plates of food. "No... We aren't" I commented to my friend under my breath about how rude that was and she must've heard because she came back and took the check away. It has been feeling this rushed since they underwent their makeover a while ago.Food: the pho is delicious, all the rice noodle/egg roll combination dishes are amazing. I mean I would walk on hot coals if their egg rolls were waiting for me on the other side. I have never had an issue with any food being bad. But I love their calamari and sometimes it is amazing and sometimes, well, it is just deep fried squid.Check it out and decide for yourself.The egg rolls are the only thing that stop me from giving it 3 stars.
4	I am a fan. and this is why. The Pho may not be the best you've ever tasted, but Its pretty damn good. I mean really how many ways is there to make Pho? Had the Beef tendon pho, it hit the spot. Aside from the pho, they're ong choy (water spinach) was sauteed well, great sauce. Fried Calamari, was probably the best i have had, I couldnt stop eating it. and the roast duck had a lot of flavor, and you could tell it was made fresh, not re-heated. I can't seem to get a grasp on what type of sauce it was. the salted fish fried rice was also flavor, and you could actually taste the salted fish unlike other places (sam woo). these items are some of the same dishes I get at several asian restaurants just to compare, and the version here are right up there to one of the best i have had. Just to comment on people talking about service and such, I don't mean to be harsh, or offend the asian culture, because I consider myself asian myself. But the bad service? first these types of places is not a pf changs or a pei wei. they're not here to ask you how your day is going. they're just not, some of them don't even speak english. yes when they bring out the food to you, sometimes they rush, or kind of pack all the dishes on the table, looking like they slam the plates on it., theyre a little rough and maybe your oolong tea spills a little from your cup. you know what thats a sign of? that it's authentic. Some of the best places I have eaten at in California were like this. actually my favorite place back home, was like this, won't exactly strike you as fine dining and not the most polite servers but best food hands down. I once went to a place in San Francisco, where you had to go down they're basement to go to the bathroom, a little scary, but what shocked me more was how good they're food was
2	Service isn't the greatest here. After just ordering from the server not even 1 minute ago, another server brought out a bowl of pho to our table. I told the server that we JUST ordered and he was like "yeah it comes out quick!" Umm no, the server we ordered from was still punching in the order on their POS.The boba in their drinks tends to be too hard/chewy, like it wasn't soaked long enough. The pho did not have that pungent aroma that I've experienced at other places, and the service the times I've been there have not been the greatest. The last time I went, the herbs/sprouts that came with the pho were not the freshest and even brown/wilting.Why come here? Convenience. And a bowl of pho in the wee hours tends to "hit the spot".
3	Not familiar with Vietnamese restaurants in Vegas, we drove along Spring Mountain, and randomly chose Pho Kim Long. Tuesday night, a tad past dinnertime, and the place was crowded.  As evidenced by Yelp reviews, they have a following.We originally wanted pho, but decided instead on war wonton.  Flavorful broth, meaty wontons, adequate shrimp -- all in all, a satisfying soup.  People at a neighboring table ordered calamari -- rats!  that's what we should have gotten -- and it looked great.  Instead, to complete our light dinner we chose mapo tofu. Although they were a bit stingy with the pork, there was enough tofu to take back for a second meal.I thought the service was fine, the restaurant attractive; all in all a good place to eat.
3	Im just A-OK about this place.Props for it being open 24/7...and its a spot where my friends and I go to when were not sober...specifically around 4-6 AM in the morning. I can eat pho anytime...and pretty much everyday. I love pho & I love it even more when Im not sober. THIS IS EXACTLY HOW I KNOW whether its a guud pho place. Going intoxicated to a restaurant is similar to wearing beer goggles when checking out chicks. They all look/taste that much better. Coming to Pho Kim Long...yah i was intoxicated...so I should love the food even more right? For me, it was a No. I was satisfied (but not too satisfied), it was just A-OK, and I was starving like a hungry hippo.Service was great though, but the food was just A-OK for me.UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
4	Wow, I've been here so many times, always after 9pm with friends.Best Pho I've had.
5	this place is amazing every time i go i request for the server FREDDIE He is the best! the food is amazing. i get the number 14. extra large ! but also the chicken  teriyaki is very good along with the deep fried wings. the thai tea and the fresh young coconut! this place is a must!!! i go at least 3 times a week the prices are great 8.50 for an extra large! cant beat that
4	Delicious pho! The service isn't very attentive, but the food tastes great. I have been here twice, and both times were packed but didn't have to wait more than 5 minutes to be seated.
3	A nice place to have late night dinner. The funny thing we encounter is karaoke. We were laughing so loud we thought they will kick us out. The lady wasn't a good singer but she really tried. The food was OK, nothing special we could remember.
5	This is a very good place with promptt service. I got the black peppered steak and comparing to jasmine restaurant at Belagio this food is worth $200 a plate.
4	I've been here a couple of times while in Vegas -- pho is always great for the morning after partying til the wee hours of the morning. ;) The prices are slightly higher than in LA and the regular size is on the small side, but the broth is flavorful, the beef is tender, and the herbs/veggies are fresh. And they're open (almost) 24/7! Works for me!
3	A few friends and I were hung over and decided to try this restaurant because of the name, and because we got a good recommendation from a mutual friend.Service wasn't the best. The quality of the food was alright. The cleanliness was a little better than average (since most Asian restaurants/pho restaurants aren't that clean to begin with). There are hit and misses when it came to the food. The beef stew rice noodle I got was made very well, but two of my friends' foods looked and tasted bad. The waiter will give out suggestions, and I think those usually are the most popular/freshes/specialty things that the restaurant is known for. Order that.I heard this place is best for late-night hangover/Pho fix. To be honest, If you were traveling here for vacation and was looking for good eats, I'd rather fork over a few extra dollars and enjoy a good buffet on the strip.
3	This place is great for late-night eating.  After a few rounds at the nearby PTs, after a few hours of karaoke at Zizzy's or Q.  Even after hitting up the clubs at the strip. Just make sure you have a desi...    Anyways aside from their pho which is pretty darn good I tend to also get their #24.  So why a 3 of 5?  It's their service, now I'm a good tipper but seriously it's hard to tip when you have to remind your waiter then other waiters for a refill of pop/water or for extra fish sauce.  It's like dude you see me choking down the vermicelli least you can do is get that pop I ordered 5 times already...    The food is good and I love the flavor of their charbroiled chicken and it's really not overpriced but the lack of service is something else. Aside from the host (Thierry Henry) which my homies have nicknamed their wait staff just brings down the whole joint... 3 of 5...
5	Absolutely love it here. When you first walk in, the smell of that rich, luxuriant, delicious broth fills your nostrils, and you're overcome with an overwhelming sense of peace and happiness; you know you belong here. You get your food, and everything else fades into the background. Boss gave you shit today? Doesn't matter, got pho. Bills overdue? Doesn't matter, got pho. Kids on your nerves? Doesn't matter, got pho. Seriously, you have to try this place.
4	PHO for breakfast is the BOMB....my first time here...it's always a plus to me when a place serves some kind of soup during breakfast...it is a hearty meal...and totally a soul food for me.  This will be one of my go to places when I go to Vegas.
4	I came here hungover.. Hoping the pho would help me with my hangover. But no. Pho is pretty good I guess. #13 I'm still hungover after all this
3	A bit on the pricey side compared to other Chinese-Vietnamese restaurants I've been to, but hey this is Nevada and the selection for authentic Asian food is relatively low. Had the vermicelli with shrimp, eggrolls and BBQ pork. I recommend. Service was just alright, not that memorable. I remember it took forever for the food to come out. We were a party of about 10, but they just kept us waiting forever while I was famished. I just wanted me some good Vietnamese food in my tummy.. :(
4	Can never go worng with this 24Hr PHO!   It's fast and tasty!  Drunk after the CLUB? Take a cab here!!!
4	YESS!  A legit,  24 hour, Pho spot in Vegas that is just a cab ride away from the strip!Me and my friends came here at 4am after a night out and we were starving!  On a scale of 1 to 10 my level of excitement was 11.  Upon entering, one thing turned me off.  The smell!!  It smelled like they've used the same old, dirty, moldy, rag to wipe down the tables for 100000 years without washing it. The whole restaurant had an old wet towel smell to it.  Regardless, I was still excited to eat. I ordered the Rare Steak and Brisket Pho  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pho-kim-long-las-vegas?select=9hI7mkZ4PHU7SjC5hxZqLA#Q1aVULe4TLE41w5R-r7gWg).  The broth was flavorful, refreshing, and not too oily.  The brisket and steak were perfectly cooked and tender.  They gave me a generous amount of noodles too!  Don't forget to ask for the side of sliced onions!  Maybe it's just  a Korean thing and we're trying to make ghetto-kimchi, haha.  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pho-kim-long-las-vegas?select=9hI7mkZ4PHU7SjC5hxZqLA#osrvZk6r45zRC0stiCZ0tQ) I wouldn't recommend the chicken pho... I tried my friend's chicken pho and it just tasted like salty water-- where's the chicken flavor hmmm?
4	Went her with a friend, and we order the noodle soup. It was really good I decided to get shrimp with it. The soup came out fast, but the service was very poor such as having to flag down the waiters for the bill. I will be going back.
1	I typically rate places based on food and food alone. However this is an exception and will explain why.My husband and his friends stopped here (at my recommendation and others) for lunch and enjoyed delishly prepared and priced food. The group walked out the door when my husband realized he left his phone on the table.He turned back around (maybe 1 minutes time passed) went to the table where it was being cleaned and asked the waiter did someone see my phone it was right there. To which the guy replied "no" and kept "working"Annoyed and confused the group returned to the hotel by cab. I decided to whip out my phone and locate his.Low and behold we look at the iphone locator only to find that the iphone (30 min later) was in a car in the employee parking lot behind the restuarant. We were mid-tanning so we figured we'd head over there in the next hour. An hour later it was still thre so they try and hail a cab and locate the phone only to see it moving- in the car that the EMPLOYEE---Eat at your own risk- keep your phones hidden these employees have no common courtesy.
5	This place is amazing...The food is a mix of Vietnamese, Thai, and Chinese.  They have something for everyone.  The Pho is one of the best I had.  I like the big and high ceiling dinning room.
4	This is by far one the best PHO houses in Las Vegas.  I love late night spots and this one has my heart.  I suggest getting the large Pho Tai every time.  It's what I go for!
4	* Spring Rolls ($4.95) - 5 STARS: Super fresh and delicious. Definitely get this!* Beef Pho - 3.5 STARS: The broth is pretty good, but the noodles tasted grainy like they've been cooked too long and there wasn't too much meat in the bowl. Despite this, after a night out this really hits the spot.* Avocado Smoothie - 5 STARS: I think I had the best avocado smoothie of my life here. They got the sweetness, liquidity level, and pearl texture perfect. Not to mention the avocados were perfectly ripe.It's such a short cab ride from the strip, and the food was all around pretty good. I would definitely go back. I am still on search of my favorite pho spot in Vegas though!
4	yum yum yum! Thank God pho finally came to Vegas! Came here twice on a two night, three day weekend. LOL TWICE! The pho here is pretty good! They give you PLENTY of meat. Maybe too much meat. The prices are very reasonable. Noodles are soft, maybe a bit too soft. A small bowl is plenty for girls, guys may want to get the large bowl.It can be very busy here so be prepared to wait a bit during busy hours or call ahead of time to see how long the wait would be. They only only offer pho, but also have all sorts of other food dishes! The pad thai here is pretty good as well, according to a friend who had pad thai instead of pho.They also have alcohol and boba drinks. Parking is pretty tight when busy. The parking spots are pretty small.Will be back when back in Vegas!
4	Probably the must go place after a wild night at a club. This place is pretty darn good for pho. It is about $7-8 for bowl of pho. Pros: Takes CardOpen 24 HoursFast serviceEasy ParkingSpacious CleanCons:gets super busy around 2-3
4	I don't get the 3 and half stars. It's definitely a four or 4 and half star easy. But I guess it wouldn't matter because there's always a long wait anytime of the day. Came here for the first time Memorial Day weekend and has to be the best Vietnamese restaurant in the Vegas area. Ordered the calamari, vermicelli with pork and egg rolls and a side order of the pho and it was all delicious. The hostess there with the tattoos(forgot her name) was very nice and recommended the calamari. The waiters did forget one of our orders, but there was plenty of food for two of us. Will be a regular stop everytime I come to the Vegas area
3	This place has my favorite Pho and spring rolls! Although the restaurant looks amazing, the service can be better. Waiting for the food to come takes about 15-20 minutes. It's a eat and go restaurant because they will kick you out if your finish eating and talking. They actually told me to leave because they had people waiting for a table. I was there for less than an hour in a lunch meeting(RUDE). They are 24 hours and that's great but in the weekends they are packed. Overall the food is great the service is not great but it is 24 hours!
3	Awesome cheap and fast
2	Came after 4 a.m. Place was full, service is standard issue, not great, not bad. Egg rolls and spring rolls are average. Ordered Large Pho with everything. Came out pretty quick, the bowl is not large enough for my standard. They skimped on the meats and organs...not happy. Broth is decent. Overall....average.
4	Always consistent in hot, good pho! And it's open late night so it's perfect, for filling your belly post alcohol consumption.
1	If it was possible to rate this place a -1, I would. My boyfriend and I always liked coming here until our last visit. We noticed over time the food hasn't been as good, and the service is probably the worst I've ever had. But this visit was the last straw. A friend and I got to the restaurant to grab a table for our party of 7. The wait wasn't long at all. We were seated immediately, but it took our server 18 minutes before I could flag him down just for a drink order. I even timed it because the service there the last few times hasn't been its best. Mind you it wasn't busy compared to its usual hectic environment. We got our drinks and our friends arrived, we were finally ready to order and no one came back to our table for another 20 mins. We had to stop another server and ask him to take our order because apparently our server decided to clock out and was hanging out in the back of the restaurant in his wife beater watching everyone eat like a damn creep. Everyone ordered either an app or just an entree. Not too much food like we usually do. I ordered the chicken pad thai. Everyone got their food except for me. After everyone else got their food, no one else stopped by our table. I got up to tell someone to take what I ordered off the bill because I no longer wanted it. He said ok and walked to the back. A few mins later he came out with my order in a to go box. I told him AGAIN that I no longer wanted it because it took too long. We had to ask 3 different people for our check and that took over 10 mins to get. I honestly don't understand how management can allow such horrible service to their customers. We're no longer coming to this restaurant for any reason what so ever.
5	I love this place! I have been a loyal customer for 4 years to this place and they have never let me down, no matter what time of the day or night i've come here. A few of my favs are their roasted duck, the kim long spring rolls, the clay pot fish and of course their chicken pho. They also make very nice drinks I often get either their fresh lemonade or the thai tea. Besides having amazing food the employee's are very nice i've never had a problem ever going here. I will happily continue to give kim longs my business.
5	I love this place... and I'm slightly bias because I come here so much everyone in this joint knows me by name. Don't get fancy and try to order thai or chinese food here. Stick to the Vietnamese food. I like their pho, pork chops and cubed steak. This place does get a little rowdy the later it gets into the AM (partiers) Can't beat that it's 24hrs!
4	Excellent food, great service and very clean.  Had the #14 soup, Pho with Pork.  They even bring you the fixin's for your soup as toppers.  They have a small drink menu.  I enjoyed it very much.  Fantastic after a night of drinking and you want to unwind.
4	This is the place in Vegas for pho.  It is so good!  Big bowl of broth!  Every time I tried other pho places (because it is pretty far from where we live) it didn't compare to Pho Kim Long.  It was worth the drive and you can always count on them being open.  And no wait really and the food comes out fast!The only thing is sometimes it smells like wet rag.  Not sure if its the tables or floors?  But, the smell kind of goes away after 15 min
4	we arrived at the restaurant around 5:30am and ordered some pho!  it was delish!!! the place was packed and we had to wait about 15 mins but worth the wait!  the food comes out quickly and it's good.  honestly, i forget how much every item was but i just remember paying about $64 for everything: 4 bowls of pho, spring rolls, tax & 20% tip.
3	The food here is OK, nothing to brag about. In fact its a little expensive compare to the other pho places in town. If your looking for a quick fixing, pho kim long does the job right. It's conveniently located in chinatown as soon as you get on to spring mountain rd. I like coming here after work usually around midnight because its so close to work.
1	Don't order vermicelli unless you want to wait 45 mins for it, which is by the time everyone at your table is finished with their pho. The service is also horrible. They are not attentive in the slightest bit and the cashier got in an argument with my friend about the receipt. Also, we were told we could use multiple credit cards for our check and we wrote out how much goes on each card trying to make it easier for the cashier but as he started punching in all the numbers he just gave up and rudely gave me back everything and demanded it all be on 1 card. Oh and we also had to wait 15 minutes just to even get the check.The food was average. I felt like you can get this stuff anywhere. Come here if you want your day ruined.
2	Our server barrel spoke English, which made ordering and asking about menu items difficult. We asked about the clay pot dishes, and all he could tell us was that it took 30 minutes to make and that we wouldn't like it. Jason HATES when people.. ahem me.. tell him he won't like it, and he would have ordered it but was too hungry to wait.Calamari: DELICIOUS! Definitely the highlight of the meal- garlic covered fried calamari. YUM!Seafood Sizzler Platter: BLAND!!! This was one of the most expensive dishes on the menu, and I was so disappointed by how bland it was. There was more calamari than anything else (a bummer after we split a huge appetizer of calamari). I didn't finish the plate, and didn't bother taking it home. That says a lot. Pork-Bowl Thing (Jason ordered it by photo): The pork was really good, but the rest of the bowl lacked creativity. He wasn't a fan of how much salad was in the bowl, and the sauce was bland. Upon leaving, I asked the server if they accepted AmEx, he told me yes so I left my card with Jason before I went to the restroom. When I came back, I was told that they don't accept American Express, just "regular cards". Huh? Again, language barrier. Frustrating.PROS:Calamari was goodCONS:Language barrierService unhelpfulNo checkup on how food wasBland foodAll in all, I definitely won't be back
5	As bad as it is to say, this is possibly my favorite pho spot in town. Back when I was a young'n this was the place that introduced me to pho.Anytime I had a bad day at work Pho Kim Long was there for me. Anytime I was drunk as a skunk and stumbling out of the clubs at 4am, they were there for me. When I broke my leg and needed a good meal, pho Kim long was there for me. The pho is pretty good. On the rare occasion it had been meh, but I put my faith in them. I absolutely love their spring rolls and their peanut sauce. It is to die for, and I use that peanut sauce on so many dishes.its one of my foodie little secrets. The staff is very friendly, sometimes they get a little overworked and hectic but they do work hard and always aim to please. If you're new to town, or you want reliable pho, gotta get some pho Kim long
4	Since moving away from SW Vegas, away from my beloved Bamboo Bistro, we decided to make Pho Kim Long our main Vietnamese spot, and it hasn't really disappointed!All dishes that we have tried are very affordable in price and even more generous in servings. We have enjoyed most of the dishes they have served us. The usual night hostess is very sweet and helpful, always taking drink orders and actually paying attention to the patrons. I remember when she went out of her way to bring me my soda when our server forgot about it, very awesome.Speaking of the service, it's sub-par really. Most of the servers we have received don't check on us often, let the glasses go empty for awhile, or don't seem interested in ensuring great service. Being a manager at a restaurant on the strip I have high standards, however I realize that not every business is like mine, and I can't judge other servers too much.Food, amazing. Atmosphere, very casual. Hours, amazing, 24 hours. Go. Eat. Now!
3	I am not sure if this place has come under new ownership, but my last outing here proved very disappointing. Up until recently, this place was my go to after hours food spot in Vegas. However this past time, I found myself unimpressed by the pho, which is surprising since the pho in LA is subpar for the most part. the spring roll also seemed haphazzardly prepared and lack any real flavor. It didn't help that the service was also terrible. VERY IMPORTANT: Call a cab when your entree arrives as there likely won't be one waiting for you between 4- 7 am. if you go to vegas and stay in chinatown, this does not apply to you.
4	Before a concert my boyfriend brought me here as a first pho time eater. It's located in the heart of Chinatown on spring mountain. Parking was a pain but we managed to get one (not like there's a lot of space in Chinatown). Walked in and the place was pretty busy, about a 10 minute wait, not so bad.Once we were seated the waiter took our order. We got the flank and brisket pho with an order of combination fried rice. Since I had never eaten pho before my boyfriend made my bowl for me. It came with a plate covered with greens to brighten up the dark brothed soup. I did add everything to it and also added a few dashes of chili sauce to have a kick. My goodness, this soup was uh mazing. The broth was hot but not lava and they are not stingy with meat. The bowl is big enough for my boyfriend and I to share and so was the rice. The rice was nice also, had plenty of chicken and shrimp the order is huge. The check with both the rice and soup (drinks also) was under $25 how can you go wrong. Left stuffed but satisfied. Been here a few times more because no other pho joint has been this good. The only reason I took off one star is because the service is very slow and sometimes you have to call for someone to seat you or take your order. I understand you're busy but they need to become more organized.
2	What a let down. This place looked promising when we arrived at 2am and there was still a wait.. Shrimp spring rolls: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=9sd-x39edTuwg0Fvz3hZhw&userid=rMRSt0r8q0AvpUllXgrH2wDecent. The rice paper was fresh and super soft.. Dipping sauce was made with the right amount of peanut butter/hoisin sauce. Nothing amazing, but it was good.Vermicelli with charbroiled chicken and egg rolls: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=nzg_OREoJBP_6vMKY156AQ&userid=rMRSt0r8q0AvpUllXgrH2wI'm going to be honest.. This was probably one of the worst vermicelli dishes I've ever had (and I've had this dish at many restaurants). The chicken lacked flavor.. It didn't have that Vietnamese "charbroiled" taste. And more importantly, the fish sauce was bland!! It didn't taste right.. almost as if it was watered down or they didn't make it correctly. I ate 1/4th of the bowl and ended up wasting the rest of it.My friends ordered the pho and porridge, and they also left more than half of their food because it just wasn't good. Maybe because we're spoiled with Viet food from Garden Grove? Who knows. Oh, and service here does not exist.. Typical for an Asian restaurant I guess. Note: The Yelp hours are wrong! They're open 24 hours.
5	Their egg rolls and crab langoons are so good and the food comes out super fast. In fact, our to go order came out faster than our friend's order, who was getting some bahn mi a few doors down.I came here three days in a row. Each day it was busy. Hmn....
5	Make reservations. this place had a line out the door. The Taxi driver even said it was his favorite restaurant. the Walnut shrimp was great
3	LOVE PHO! especially after drinking lol i came here completely sober though and the food didn't wow me.. the one thing that was impressive was their speed!  i swear food came out within 5 mins after we ordered! sometimes i wonder what they do in the back... best not to know, right? lol we ordered fried rice, some orange chicken and pho-- funny thing, the pho came out last.  you think they would bring that out first since it requires barely any work to prepare.anyway, the pho was decent-- it hit the spot alright.  but portion wise is a little small... i mean for $7 bucks, you can't expect too much-- it was enough food for little o me, i don't know about anybody else though.i have my doubts about how authentic this place is.. seems like it's more of a chinese restaurant than a pho joint-- anywho, as long as i got my pho sometime after drinking, i'm happy :)
4	their fried calamari is the best! their choice of appetizers caters to various entrees from pho tai to shrimp fried rice! i always get their crab wontons with the delicious sauce. dont forget the coconuts! you really do have a lot to choose from at this pho fine dining cuisine!
2	I was in Vegas for vacation and EDC (Electric Daisy Carnival). On my last day, I was craving pho, so my cousin and I searched yelp for recommended Vietnamese restaurants in chinatown. I saw that there were mixed reviews here, but the overall rating was good, so we chose Pho Kim Long.When we got to the restaurant, there was a long wait, so I was anxious to try the pho, thinking it was going to be delicious. We finally got seated after 20 minutes, and the waitress assisted us right away. We ordered our food which was out in less than 10 minutes. I ordered a small bowl of pho and my cousin ordered a large bowl. My bowl had just about the same amount of noodles (a lot) his did, so that was strange. He ended up having to order extra noodles.Overall, the restaurant was beautiful, the service was great, but the pho was kind of bland. The pricing was very affordable and cheap, so it was worth it for hungry tourists.
2	If you say "Pho Kim Long" quickly, it does make me smile... did it make you smile?Anyway, this restaurant was a "pho kim long" (again, say it quickly) wait!!! Yeesh. Usually pho takes five min tops to get out but it took like 20 minutes! What's worse was, one's pho dish got here after 5 min of sitting, while everyone else's took 20 minutes. My poor friend wanted to be polite and wait for at least one other person to get their food... so that was not fun. Probably did not taste that great for her, either. I ordered the grilled chicken and rice dish and the chicken turned out super dry.We had a grumpy server who practically did not check up on us at all... man, it was a painfully long wait! I'd go to a different Vietnamese restaurant instead.Perhaps if you come here late at night (or early in the morning) it'd be better. esp since it's open 24 hours and you can prevent that hangover from clubbing all night!
4	Gotta love Chinatown when you're in the mood for pho at midnight! This place was open and busy late on a Tuesday night- so you know it must be good. Add to that the hilarity of the restaurant name itself, and you'll know how I ended up there with a snickering group of dudes with a late night appetite.Our table shared the Vietnamese spring rolls as an appetizer, along with a bowl of pho, the pan fried noodle, and the chicken wraps, all of which were really good. The panfried noodle was a good amount, but I would personally have preferred more veggies and the inclusion of something other than the baby bok choy, such as mushrooms and broccoli. The chicken lettuce wraps were good- more chicken than lettuce, but tasty enough that we didn't mind and much better than the other way around.Service was a little slow but was efficient. Menu is large, and it took a while to make up our minds- unfortunately my first choice order was the crepe, and I was told they were out. I'm not sure how they'd be out of eggs or how that works, but I guess it just means I'll have to come back another time to have it.
3	This was my first time here as many times I have come to vegas. We always make at least one stop in chinatown to get a break from american food and buffets on the strip and the menu here was expansive and food was decent. Its pretty packed though so you may have a brief wait to be seated. It's open 24 hours so that's convenient, will probably return
1	Once again, I came back and gave this place another try and once again, Pho Kim Long failed me. I ordered the spring rolls appetizer and Chinese broccoli with tofu. While the spring rolls were okay but very pricey, at $5 for two, the Chinese broccoli was bland and tasteless and they cost $15! Together I paid 20 dollars for these two inedible expensive items. I don't think I will come here ever again.
4	I came here for lunch today & already want to go back. It's located directly behind my apt complex so access is very easy & tempting. For being such a busy place with diverse ethnicity groups eating here they sure to handle the traffic well. I ordered the fish fillet & mixed greens with great delight. The fish was soooooo tender & full of flavor I couldn't stop putting it down. The mixed greens were very fresh & full of flavor as well. I also ordered some chicken lettuce wraps on the side & those were good as well, nothing spectacular but definitely up to par. Would I go back?? YES!!! Also, going to bring some family through here also
1	I was just at this place a couple hours ago and service was TERRIBLE! I've gone to this restaurant and all those times we were able to do split checks and today they said they have never done spilt checks.The guy charges my card without my consent and I see he charged me the whole bill when i asked him I was only going to pay for certain entrees and he said that it is IMPOSSIBLE to do my request. So I tell him to VOID the transaction and so my other friend comes to pay for it and we just all give her cash. I come home to check my bank statement and see that THEY HAVE BILLED ME FOR THE MEAL AS WELL! Im going to wait a few days to see if he really did void my transaction, but this is ridiculous! Usually when I void my order it shows in my bank statement right away.So if you're coming in a big group, make sure everyone has cash because this place does not accept split checks! Better yet go elsewhere!Food quality is mehhh as well. Usually I LOVE pho and can eat the whole bowl but it just did not satisfy me as much as other restaurants. I will never come back to this place again. I will though if they don't give me my money back!! So frustrating!!!
1	Pho Kim Long....more like Pho Kim Wrong.HORRIBLE, RUDE, UNPROFESSIONAL, DISRESPECTFUL "MANAGER" I was just at this establishment (at approx. 2:30am) and it was just appalling. I have been here a couple times before and I wasn't expecting such horrible "management" skills from their "manager". The service staff wasn't so bad. Throughout the meal our cups were filled and they made sure everything was up to par. Everything was running smoothly up until the bill arrived. I was in a party of 4 and we needed a split check. We went up to the register to pay and it took a while for anyone on staff to assist us. Once we ask for a split check one server gave us a dumbfounded look and walked away from the register. Then another man went to the register and flat out said "We don't do split checks." *Sidenote*I have been here before around the same time and they were able to do a split check without any hassle. I told the guy that they were able to fulfill the request last time but he said, "Thats impossible, not without my approval". He was very rude and when I was explaining this to him he was practically ignoring me and a my group while he was counting money from another party. Flat out ridiculous. He also charged my friend our whole check before we were told we couldn't split it and faked a void. NO MATTER HOW DESPERATE YOU ARE FOR FOOD ON THE STRIP LATE AT NIGHT YOU'RE SERIOUSLY BETTER OFF AT SOME GREASY DRIVE THRU THAN PHO KIM LONG.
3	Well, it's open late... that's why everyone comes here.  If Kinh Do (a block away) didn't close at 10 p.m., I would've been there.  On a Saturday night at 11 p.m. we were quoted a 30 minute wait time but ended up only waiting 10 minutes for a table of four.I live by Little Saigon in Southern California so if comparing to the pho there, Pho Kim Long's pho and bun dishes are normal/about average.  There wasn't anything that stood out good or bad about them.  I had the vermicelli with grilled pork and egg rolls.  My friends had the pho.  Drinks here are a tad expensive.  I think it was $3.50-$3.75 for Iced Coffee, Fresh Lemonade with Soda, and Preserved Lemon with Soda.  The service here is good.  Numerous servers came to check on/take our order.  If I was craving some late night pho after a night out on the town, I'd come here again.
3	I'd give this place a 3.5 if yelp would let me. Food was good. I had the pork chop and rice. The ac was broken that night, so it was really warm and a little uncomfortable. The boba was decent. I had the honey dew boba. It was alright. I've had better though. The service was very good though.
3	say the name real fast three times.  Despite the name, it's good Pho.  The only problem is that it's super popular and your better expect to wait and wait.  The service is less than adequate because of the crowd.  They don't need your business and they act like it.  The food though is good -- not the best but still well prepared.  I'm spoiled by living in So Cal.  But by Vegas standards, it's a thumbs up.
4	This place is good.Really good, even.Until every single one of your friends wants to go here.At different times of the day.Each day you're here.4 times eating here is my record during one 3 night stay.That's more bun bo hue than I eat during the rest of the year.Protip: Ask for extra satay sauce. That's what makes the bun bo hue delicious.
1	I'm so disappointed of this restaurant.  It looks nice inside out but other than that everything else is so bad. The food is not that good. The service is so bad. They bring the pho without bean sprout and spice and then we asked for it. They gave us an attitude and said bc the foods are not coming out yet. Wtf the pho is on the table already and they still said some bullshit. And when I ask for fork for kids they gave me attitude again. I hate the service! I would not recommend for this place!
2	Honestly, I LOVE eating here. I go here very often. But the last HANDFUL of times make me NOT want to come back EVER. On Mother's day I went there with 10 friends at night and, mind you, the servers and all were great.. when we went to pay for our checks, they let us split our check! They ALWAYS let us split our checks EVERYTIME I GO. The first time they didn't split my check was a couple months ago, it was my friend and her boyfriend, myself, and my boyfriend. We wanted to split the check in two. The man wouldn't let us do it! He said they never do which is an outright LIE. He kept walking around in his register area not listening to me so I got mad, but my friend paid for us all. The next time we went, it was myself and another two people, again, they let us split our checks.The time after that, it was myself, and four other people, and again they WOULD NOT split our checks. SAME GUY. Wish I remembered his name.. He just told us to pay some amount on our cards and pay that way but that he wouldn't ever split our checks.Personally, I love eating there, the servers are nice. But that ONE ASSHOLE at the register is so RUDE and refuses to even LISTEN to me when I try and speak calmly.
5	Nice clean restaurant, great atmosphere, hip crowd, friendly staff, prompt service, and food was very tasty.
5	Hubby and I went there at 2am and had the most amazing selection of food. We started with the Spicy Calamari which was fresh and flavorful. We shared an order of the Basil Clams and Spring Rolls... These were unique in presentation and taste.. Simply an explosion of yummy in your mouth! We finished our meal w the famous Pho Soup w Stake and Shrimp and it was the highlight of the meal. We tried their house sake and enjoyed both bottles ;) All around a great time and excellent food! Speedy, delicious and friendly environment for any occasion!!
2	Got sat down quickly and had our orders taken. I asked for #90 and got #19. I waited and waited for our server to come back and he didn't after about 15 mins so I dealt with it and started eating my food. As I'm eating my sister points out a cockroach on the floor next to my feet, she tries to tell someone but they hesitated so she got up and killed it herself. We finally get the check to pay and still had not seen our server (didn't even bring our check) so we paid and left. The food is good but the service and atmosphere makes it difficult to want to come back. Two stars is for the food the cooks made!
2	Disappointing.  The bbq pork was off.  Veggies for the soup - no so fresh.  1st miss in a number of visits.
2	Pros:1. Pho was as expected2. The host was friendly and niceCons:1. Slow service2. Price seems a little bit more expensive than the other pho places3. Bathroom was pummeled by random writings on the walls and mirror.4. Slow service
4	Delicious and quick service for those of you who go at 4am after a night on the strip. Everyone was friendly. The prices were decent. And the place seemed clean. Definitely would go back if I ever needed another 4am Pho trip in Vegas.
3	The pho isn't out of this world but it's open late so I'll go here after the club or on Sunday morning before driving back to SoCal.Gets really busy.Not cheap.Small portions.But quick fix for your hangover before the long drive home.They also have other Asian dishes but I've only had the pho and eggrolls.The servers seem to always be busy so if you want more napkins or extra onions, be prepared to ask multiple times.
2	First off you need to take a cab from the strip to a strip mall some distance away, then you will need to wait in line for 30mts outside in the heat. When we walked they told us the AC was broke and they had some smalls fans set up on the floor. We ordered the Pho, they only have one size ... extra large bowl. The soup was kinda watered down and the meat was a little chewy and a ton of noodles. We went here only because someone from California recommended this place to us...
5	best place to go after a night of clubbing or partying! 24 hours pho is always the way to recover!!
3	Came here for Pho since none of my group was down to eat a buffet. The wait was rather long for a party of 10 since everyone and their mom is hoping for some pho after a late Saturday night and when you've had too much to drink. The prices are obviously high for what is known especially if you're from the LA area. A regular small bowl of Pho is $7.95 but if you get the Pho Dac Biet it's $8.95. There was a good amount of meat but the broth just seemed like water and oil. Also for some reason each of the Pho broth soups had a different color. Some were more murky than others even though the only difference was the type of beef they had. The service however, is quite good. They refilled our waters appropriately probably because they know most people are hungover and need their best friend aka H20. The interior decor is not too bad but it does look Asian but at least not that old ghetto Asian style. The parking lot can be quite hectic so park carefully so your cars don't get scratched by Asian drivers. Also it's nice that it is near a Lee's Sandwiches because I needed that Ice Coffee for the ride back to LA!
4	Albeit a bit off the strip, this is the go to post-Vegas Pho destination. It's cheap, amazing, and a good hang-over meal before getting back on the road. There is also a Lee's next door for some Ice Coffee prior to driving back.
4	Great pho ga!
4	Reading some of the neg reviews and figured what most had in common were that they were in large groups. I've only ever been with party of 4 max and never had any service problems. I agree, wait staff come off as rude, but I think its just a language/culture clash. I have to say I love the pho here...maybe since it was my first pho experience and I compare all others to it. The broth is very clean and flavorful. I like mine with egg noodle instead of rice noodle, which makes it more substantial. I've tried various other dishes and haven't had one I didn't liike yet. My only complaint is rice does not come with many dishes...wtf!, this is an Asian restaurtant how could it not. Having to pay extra for rice seems a little nickle and dimey, but I guess you're at their mercy since it is impossible not to eat rice with your meal here. Besides that, I do make a monthly trip here cause the food is great.
4	Pho was really good as well as the spring rolls with peanut sauce!  This is now my pho place in Vegas and It's great that they're open late.  The place is nice and quite large and we were seated immediately.
4	I'm fan based on the name of the restaurant alone! That being said, the Vegan pho was absolutely delicious. It had many fresh vegetables and tasted great! The shrimp and pork spring rolls were also very fresh and a great starter! I also highly recommend the coconut juice that comes in the coconut! :-)Overall great experience, and I can't wait to take older adults here just to hear them say the name of the restaurant and not get it! :-)
2	Pho at Kim Long is just average.  It is too salty and the portion is too little.  The staffs are OK, since most of them are spanish speaking.  Com Ga Roti or Chicken over rice is good.  The building kinda new since it is inside the new China town center but the bathroom is so stinky. I don't like it here the most is the tip issue.  They charge 18% for gratuity for the party of five automatically include in your bill, but after the bill came back to sign, they also asking for tip again.  This is tricky part and don't fall to it. If I ever come back to Las Vegas, I will not come to this place again.
1	Just terrible for vegas standards. Plenty of better places. You have to be really wasted if you think this place is good. Food was not very fresh especially seafood used in the salads and spring rolls. I had hue style beef stew Pho. I am still traumatized by it. One of the worsen I've had in my life and they had carrots chunks that were raw and you could not even bite into it
1	Worst experience ever. DO NOT EAT HERE.The only reason I'm giving one star is because the potstickers were amazing. But that is the only good thing about this restaurant. The service we horrible. The waiters throw things on the table and don't  check back and the check was never brought. The cashier was highly disrespectful and rude. Do not eat here. There are other Vietnamese restaurants in town. Find a more friendly location.
5	I think this place is great. They have excellent vegan pho, great veggies, and just saw a sign that they offer brown rice now, too. This is one of my favorite spots in Vegas!
5	First time eating Pho.  It was easy to order, quick to be delivered, and delicious.  I will be going here again and again.  Plus, read the name if you aren't Asian....come on!  It's hilarious.  Way to go.
1	What. A. Joke. Las Vegas? What on EARTH are you thinking?!It's 2am. I want some pho. To YELP I go. This seems to be the only place open. Parked. I see a sign that says they were voted best pho in LV and there is a wait. Yes, a 20 minute wait at 2am. It must be decent. BOY WAS I WRONG!We were told it'd be a 20 minute wait so we just took a quick walk down the strip mall. We came back not 5 minutes later and waited another 20 minutes. I eventually go up and ask him when our table will be ready and he said that our names were called like 20 minutes ago. Say what? So apparently a 20 minute wait means 5 minutes now? Get your timing right! So i asked to be put back on the list and there was probably another 4-5 groups that came after me. Well, he sat all of them first. We  only needed a 3-top and all those other groups were pretty much the same size if not larger. I reminded him and he barely even gave me any attention. Eventually we got seated. The service sucked, the food was horrid (none of us finished), and we definitely didn't tip. I know the table next to us was also very unhappy and also didn't tip. You'd be lucky to get anyone's attention since they zip by you at warp speed. It was past 3am and I was unfulfilled. I will NEVER be back here. Yelpers, this is fair warning.
3	I wish I knew what the hype was about! Don't get me wrong, this is a GREAT place to come after a night at the club when you want something to eat (thank god its 24/7) but I wouldn't say that this is the best quality pho I've had. Am I ordering the wrong thing? I didn't think I could go wrong order pho at a restaurant with PHO in the name of the restaurant. The decor is a lot nicer than traditional pho places but the service can be really slow and I feel like there is ALWAYS a wait here. So even though the hours here are great, I think I would only find myself coming here when the other places are closed.
4	Can never go wrong w this place! Got the #13 w some spring rolls and wantons. Everything quick and on point. Also open 24hours, perfect for the Vegas life
5	I'm Vietnamese, so I think my review has even more credibility :) I LOVE LOVE LOVE this pho shop.  So much so that this place is my and my friends' go to spot for post-partying and random pho cravings.  The broth, meat, and veggies are always fresh and super delicious, and the staff is always courteous and fast.  My recommendations are the pho dac biet (special), spring rolls, any of the pork rice dinner dishes, and for those of you that have a more adventurous palate, the vermicelli noodles with roast pork, shrimp and egg rolls. YUMMY!!
4	Always made it a point to stop by for Pho when in town.. Love the 24 hour service
4	Yummy place to satisfy any Pho craving!  Got the pork vermicelli bowl with egg rolls, super yummy combination! Also try the lettuce wraps, super light and delish!
3	used to be a favorite place but for some reason they just got packed all the time and always busy?! since then the food hasn't been the same. flavor isn't there anymore. so now it's OK. I found another favorite!
3	pho kim long is probably the most well known pho place of las vegas. it is located in the heart of chinatown and the parking lot is quite small but i've never had a issue finding parking.i usually always order bun bo hue and occasionally pho with meat balls, they're both alright and i've had better elsewhere. i'm sure other foods are good but i never cared to try.this place is always packed and keep in mind it is open 24/7. you'll mostly see traffic at late night when people come here for drunk munchies and early morning for hangover food. it is basically rachet central up in here with girls coming in in their club attire limping all over the place, lol.the service is kind of shitty, you often have to flag down a server to refill water but most of the time you're drunk so you don't really care. i recently had a seizure attack here and they had to call the paramedics for me so i probably will not be returning for a very, very long time. (SO EMBARRASSED)but i do recommend giving this place a try and you can be the judge yourself.
3	Me and my friends from LA went there to have Pho on lunch time. It was really busy and the waiting list was almost full so I had to wait about 45 min. becuse it was so busy, our server did not really pay attention to us so I had to run to our server and order. that was ok, However, our server kept on missing the items that we order and eventually our server took out from our checks. it was ok. I will give them try again when it is not that crazy busy.
4	This place is a definite MUST when you're in Vegas. It's like a hip Vietnamese restaurant where all the young kids go after a night of clubbing. They're opened 24/7 so it's perfect to stop by anytime.  It IS called PHO Kim Long so you gotta try their pho and nothing else because my aunt did NOT enjoy her Com Suon Nuong (rice with grilled pork?). I'm not sure if it's always packed on weekends but when my family and I arrived at 11AM on a Sunday, it was a full house.  Service was mediocre.  Our server could have been more attentive.  It took a really long time for our pho to come out due to the party of 15 before us.  Other than that, Pho Kim Long was a good experience.  I'll be bringing my friends here after a long night of drinking and dancing :)
1	Pho Kim Long is the blandest tasting pho I've ever had.  Broth tastes like water, salt, and star anise.  No depth of flavor.  I added extra hoisin twice to make it edible, but it was still bland.   For the amount they charge, you get very little meat.  I ordered pho ga and got razor thin pieces of meat.  They had a sign that said they were best restaurant in Vegas.  Laughable.
5	I love it here
3	This place does the trick for me when I feel like pho (whether I've been drinking or not been drinking).I got:~Appetizer #1: Spring Rolls with Shrimp, Pork, Lettuce~Rare Steak and Brisket Noodle SoupIt's weird -- the 1st time I came here, I ordered a pho with tendon, but this last time on the menu, there were no noodle soups with the options to get tripe or tendon. That made me sad.Can't go wrong with the springs rolls, taste fresh, and they come out quick! The broth of the pho is decent -- I've had better, but this restaurant does the trick for me. The quality of the meat is decent too. The veggies to put in the pho were clean and fresh.Clean restaurant, friendly and attentive staff, they accept card (don't know if there is a minimum), restrooms are clean. It's located in a strip mall type of place off of Spring Mountain Rd. All in all, this place isn't the best, but it's not bad.
5	Great soup.
5	Pho Kim Long is the shiznitz! This place is a must go for me everytime I am in Vegas. You know what they say about pho... Best hangover cure ever! Anyway, I've been going here since I hit 21 with my friends. The prices are so reasonable and their food is absolutely amazing and hits the point everytime. One of my friend who was craving for it this past weekend when we were in Vegas, woke up from her nap and seriously drove there just to pick up the togo order, with a two hour time frame to get ready before going to Marquee. That is how good it is! Haha and she's not even Asian! Pho does the body good. I always get Pho Tai Chin, which is well done steak and rare steak. Their Roasted Chicken plate with seasonal rice is bombdotcom! I'm Vietnamese and I know how pho should taste like. Go here if you crave for some pho while your visit in Vegas! I promise you will not be disappointed!
4	It's the best pho in Vegas ... only Vegas!I have had better ones before ...
3	this is prob the best looking pho place ive ever been to. so driving up to the asian side of vegas you notice the HUGE banner for being rated the best pho ever, or whatever it said. TO BE HONEST. that hyped me way too much and it just didnt live up to the behemoth banner.when i walk into a place and notice, you have a waiting list, that right there tells me youre good enough but it doesnt hype me like a giant banner. lolthe pho was okay, the broth didnt taste bad, it just wasnt the best ive had. there wasnt that much noodle, like it was proportioned wrong. meat to broth to noodle ratio was off and i was left dissatisfied. the bill was cheap for 7 people so i guess thats okay this place is really clean and the staff are like any other place, no service at all so expect that.
3	Came here for lunch on a Saturday. Ordered pho and beef pad thai. The broth for the pho wasn't very hot so it didn't really cook the meat. That's the main reason why it got 3 stars. Is it really that hard to bring a HOT bowl of pho out? The broth tastes different ... not a bad different but just not the typical pho taste I'm used to. Everything else about the pho was good. The pad Thai was good (beef was delicious) but it had a little too much sauce.Fairly decent prices, a lot of different dishes to choose from, parking lot sucks, decor is nice and unexpected from how the outside looks, and they keep it really cold in there too.I would go back to try some of their other dishes but probably won't be ordering warm pho again.
4	Every time coming to Vegas and want a good Vietnam foods, this is a place to go to.  Portion is good and price is reasonable. They open 24 hours.. The place is clean too. BUT today, one of the young server/busboy, 17 yo perhaps... Had an attitude!!!  U can clean the table, but there's no law u cannot sitdown while u wiping the table, especially when the other server told me its ok to sit... Overall I like this place.
1	I usually have a good experience here but tonight was an exception. The waiter got our order wrong and when i told him he decided to argue with me. He finally gave in and when they took the plate back to bring us the correct order they brought back the exact same plate...LITERALLY THE EXACT SAME PLATE!!  They also forgot to bring the side of rice that we had ordered as well. It just takes one bad experience to flip how i feel about a place and that was THE WORST SERVICE I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED
4	Been here a few times everytime I go to vegas.  Food is great and quick.  I don't get good authentic viet in the NY area so I have to either come to Vegas which is on par with Houston and SoCal where the concentration of vietnamese are.  Not much more to add to all the good reviews already here - just here to add to that number.
4	Great food, especially for the late night food.  Their Pho is great for the price too.  Food comes out fast and always tastes great!  I work a graveyard shift , so I always go here for great food.
4	I always been too faded by the time I make it out here to truly rate the food but i finally made it on this past trip!Pho Kim Long is located off the strip in Chinatown area of Las Vegas. Very popular late night spot for locals and frequent visitors. If you're craving pho, this is the spot to get it at!Extremely reasonable prices for the food (very cheap compared to the Strip!) and good sized portions. Pretty much every dish is under $10.As far as the quality goes, its pretty good! i'm from San Jose so I'm pretty familiar with Vietnamese food, and Pho Kim Long can hold it's own. No complaints with the pho, rice plates, or vercimelli bowls!Only downfall is that it gets super busy around 3am. So if you're super wasted and don't have the patience (or ability lol) to sit around and wait, I would look for other options.But other then that, this is one of my favorite off-strip joints in Vegas!
4	After the inaugural podcast with local artists, The 80's Kids, we decided to check out our favorite Pho place in the valley!  PKL is a place I've been frequenting since moving to Las Vegas 6 years ago.  This 24 hour joint offers some of the best Pho I've tasted.  On my drive over, my mouth salivated with anticipation for what was about to happen!It's located on Spring Mountain and Valley View in a super long Chinese themed strip mall.  To me, this building signifies the beginning of Chinatown.  It says, I have arrived in Las Vegas' Asian scene and makes me feel right at home!  When you get into the restaurant, there's a pretty tight seating area.  The idea, though, is to have a lot for tables for dining.  The place is decked out with different tones of brown, Vietnamese and other Asian inspired design and art.  Statues of elephants and Asian soldiers gives an extra accent to the place.  Our service was a little sub par.  The server wasn't the most personable.  Didn't greet us.  Just came over and asked if we were ready to order.  At the end of the night, we literally had to walk up to him to get our check.  Thank goodness the food was good...For my meal, I always, get number 15:  Beef Pho Noodle Soup with rare steak and brisket for around $8.  This soup is on point!  The soup is packed with thin strips of brisket and rare steak.  The rareness continued to cook in the warm broth.  The noodles were thin but plentiful.  There was also green onions in the dish, served with bean sprouts, sliced jalapenos and basil stems on the side.  All components offer a different but pleasant texture and flavor.  All seemed to mesh very well together.  But let's talk about the star of the show: the broth.  The broth is what sealed the deal for the dish and real brought a flavorful effect.  It wasn't too salty or overpowering.  It's was just right.  Warm and packed with beef flavor.  SO GOOD!!!Listen, if you haven't tried Pho Kim Long yet, you are definitely missing out!  Like mentioned before, this joint stays open all night.  Great for monsoon season, winter season and after a night at the clubs.  Look for the Chinese strip mall and stop by!
4	I have to admit, I was tripped out by the name. I mean, say it five times fast and you're gonna have the chuckles! My mom, sister, and I once had a field day about the name (which may be a blessing in disguise since it kept us in great spirits during our midnight food runs). It doesn't make it any better that I reside by a Pho Kim Long in the San Jose area. But I digress. Now onto the review! This place is where my family and I go to when we need our pho fix. It's seems perpetually open and a convenient drive from the strip. The staff is surprisingly nice and upbeat on all my visits (something you don't really experience from any other pho restaurant no matter what time you go there.). Reasonably priced and good food. This restaurant sets the bar on Vietnamese restaurants. I will definitely go again if I'm ever in Vegas and want pho. I have even recommended people here.
4	We came here on a Tuesday night and ordered the well-cooked beef pho, fried egg rolls, and seasoned rice with roti chicken for $30- Fancy 24hr Viet restaurant. Nice flowers and fish tanks- First ever Viet restaurant where a non-Asian was our waiter. Not saying its bad, but I appreciate the diversity! haha- Living in SoCal, the pho is pretty darn expensive. But compared to SanJo, it's a bit comparable. $8ish for a reg bowl of pho.- Pho was great. Not bland, not too salty. Beef was tender. Pretty comparable to the other Viet restaurants around the area. - Average tasting egg rolls. Crispy. pretty thick. - They serve food other than Viet. I'd be a bit pessimistic trying it. Pad Thai? I think I'll stick to a Thai restuarant. - Seasoned rice and chicken was delicious. Chicken was cooked well and crispy. Excellent flavoring for the rice. You don't need extra sauce to taste any flavor. Perfect! - Service was good. No complaints. - To call it the best, I'd have to disagree. But the presentation is a lot better than many other Viet restaurants. Great place to introduce your non-Asian friends to Viet cuisine.
3	Came here last week for the first time and absolutely loved my Pho. I got the Pho Ga and will definitely be coming back once the weather cools down some. I love the fact that they are open 24/7. The Pho Kim egg rolls and Pho Ga would make great drunk munchies! If you're visiting Vegas and want good Pho this is the place to go!
2	Every time I'm in a asian restaurant, customer service is something I don't expect.  It almost goes hand in hand.  Asian restaurant = bad customer service.  Pho Kim Long has bad customer service.  It's expected, so I won't dwell on it.The first time I came, I was with a party of 5.  One of my buddies got a hot bowl with cold soup.  How that happens,  I can only imagine.I tried the Pho, I asked for egg noodles and got rice noodles.  I then asked the waiter where my egg noodles were he replied with "Are you sure you ordered egg noodles?"I was there just yesterday and I must say that the Pho isn't all that great.  I had pan fried noodles and I received a plate that was drenched in sauce.  When my pan fried noodles are drenched in sauce, there really isn't a point to order pan fried noodles.  I've had the chicken teriyaki and it was okay.  Teriyaki Madness makes just as good of a chicken teriyaki as Pho Kim Long.I notice this place is voted best in Vegas, however it must be voted by non asian people as this restaurant is full of non asians and even the asians that review this place don't give it a good review.
3	Disappointed. Pork chop plate so so. Meat thin, full of fat and cartilage, egg loaf dry on one side, ok on other side - appears cooked in muffin tin. Pho eaters said broth was good. Bun eater said he liked the BBQ beef n spring rolls.
4	I had never had Pho before and I had parked in this lot to go get a mani/pedi. But I also needed to get some protein in my system. This place was right in front. I saw that it had a "Best of Vegas" banner and after I walked in I realized that my friend suggested this spot to me before. I went for a rare steak and brisket Pho. My honey went for a three meat Pho. We also ordered Sweet & Sour Chicken, which was my favorite item of the night and by far the best sweet & sour I've ever had. Back to Pho. I like soup. I like noodle in my soup. I didn't like one of the greens they used. It had a light minty taste, but wasn't mint. Whatever it was (I think they also brought it out on the side for us to add into our soups), it distracted me in a bad way. The leaves look like basil, but definitely aren't basil. Anyway, if it wasn't for that, I think I would have become a bigger fan of Pho than I currently am. The meat was alright. Tasted too bland. But again, this was my first Pho experience. I guess this is how Pho works and I may not be a fan. I don't have to love everything I eat and everything that others love, right?Their service was extremely fast. Five minutes after we placed our order, the Pho was out. Wow.
1	This place has the worst customer service.  They would give you a hard time if you ask why your food takes so long to come.  They yelled at me when i asked for a tea cup and sort of throw it to my face.  And be aware, tips are included in your bill.  Would you pay 15% tips for that kind of service?  I would never come back to this place.
3	Most well known pho place I know of. All of my friends have at least been here once, i've been here multiple times late at night, and even for lunch. I've experienced pho at many other restuarants and can say Pho Kim Long is just about average.  My most recent visit was yesterday. As it was hot, i didn't feel like ordering something too hot like a soup or rather pho. I wasn't too hungry either, so i ordered Pan friend udon, yes I know, a Pho place wouldn't specialize in it, but another place i've been to had superb udon.It was around 3pm when i arrived and there was a good amount of people. Glad to see they're still getting service. I walked in and it took me 10 minutes just to get seated. Like i said there was a good amount of people, it wasn't packed or very busy. Once i got a table i browsed the menu, already knowing what i wanted, udon. I eye'd the waiter down or rather signaled him to come over and he looked away, but he did eventually come around after 15 minutes of waiting. I ordered my chicken pan fried udon and he went on his merry way. The order came faster than i expected took about 3 to 5 minutes aha. Not bad. I tasted my first mouthfull. Not bad, but not good either. It was very tasteless. I put some sauce on there, it made it better but i could still taste that blandness in the noodles. Nearing the end of the dish, I noticed a lot of bean sprouts leftover. I like beansprouts and i tend to eat those first but there was still a lot and it watered down the sauce so much that it just tasted like water after eating most of the udon.Again, I suppose having udon at a pho place isn't ideal, but i wasn't feeling up to having a hot soup on a hot noon day. Perhaps at dinner? This was an average day, i was full after eating, but wasn't satisfied with how it tasted. Eat anything but the udon!
3	I really think people come here just so they can "say" they are coming here...if you know what I mean.  (hence the name)  Gotta love a good name "pho" a restaurant!Brought some out of town friends here on Monday (Labor Day) around 1pm.  People were everywhere inside and outside waiting.  I almost gave up immediately but my inner gut & the "best of RJ's" on the windows made me stay.  When we finally made our way to the front to put our name in we asked the guy how long the wait was.  His reply, "really fast".  I couldn't help but chuckle but who are we to argue. LOLSurprisingly, our wait wasn't too long before our name was called.  With all the people everywhere I was halfway expecting to be waiting a while.  We were seated by a window.  Literally every table full.  A guy came to take our drink order.  While we checked out the menu every meal was numbered making it easy to order.  Each item had a detailed description underneath for white girls like me or at least I'd like to think. haha  BTW the menu is gigantic.  I'm often overwhelmed by such menus but I knew what I was looking for.  My BF and I decided we would share each of our orders so we could try a couple different dishes.  We had settled on two things to share until I heard my friend say...UDON Noodle!  I just discovered Udon Noodles when I was in Cali. I honestly cannot have enough of it.  To describe it to someone I would say its like a really thick soft spaghetti noodle.  Here is what we ordered:*Beef Udon Noodle - I thought it was fantastic.  The BF thought it was a little peppery (you could actually see the black pepper in it) but it was still our favorite.*Chicken Pho - A little bland broth flavor (I remember it being better), chunks of chicken, thin rice noodles.  We added a bunch of hot sauce to spice it up and give it a little more flavor. Pretty good even though it felt like it was the hottest/humid day of the summer.  We did only eat half the soup.  The bowl was as big as my head.*Our friends also got the Beef Udon and love it.  They also got the Teriyaki Chicken with Rice and it was a huge portion.  She only had half of it.We waited a bit for the check.  The servers were running around like crazy but she eventually came.  Our bill came to around $70 I believe-our friends had bought.  Overall it was good.  Just super crazy busy.  This is definitely a popular spot.The reviews say that its opened 24 hours.  I cant imagine really wanting a drunken night soup bowl at 3am but it sounds like a lot of people do.  (I secretly opt for a drunken night Fat Burger at that time-but that's just me) but if its your thang have at it!  Its there for your enjoyment!  24 hours.
2	Pho Kim?  It's more like Pho Kme!!  The tastes were either bland or overly seasoned. It was also greasy!  Very rare to have grease in Vietnamese food. Also the Pho broth was really tart and acidic.  Strange taste.
4	The best pho place to end up after a long night of drinking and partying. Quiick service + good pho = A happy drunk beezy. The calamari here is delish too. But only when youre drunk! I was craving the calamari sober so I went back SOBER, mind you and yea it wasnt to die for any more. Actually it was quite greasy which is aparently great when youre wasted. Kinda like jack in the box tacos great when drunk not so great sober. Dont get me wrong tho the pho is still good sober. Hah.
3	I'm from LA and have been thoroughly spoiled by tasty cheap Asian food, especially Vietnamese food. Pho Kim Long is okay but definitely not worth making a visit during my trip.The wait was pretty long since early in the morning. We were seated after almost 20 minutes and ordered a bowl of pho and a bo loc lac. The portions were pretty small for the price on both.The pho was too salty and there was a lot of broth with a small amount of noodle. I have had a lot of better pho elsewhere. The bo loc lac actually tasted really good but it was pretty expensive for the small portion.The service was actually pretty good for a Vietnamese restaurant.
3	Food is good. But really poor service from a 40 years old like guy. He was the worst server I've ever seen. But other stuff were not bad.
3	10mins wait time on saturday night at 10 pm but two orders of pho came out in 3 mins! Pho soup is full of flavor but the portion of noodles and bmeat is smaller than I've expected, vegis are really fresh but cillantro is little dry. it will get you full though.
5	Their springs rolls tho.
4	First pho place I went to outside California, who knew Vegas has a decent pho place! I liked the atmosphere and the environment. Service was fast and friendly and the bowl of pho was pretty damn good. I had my share in pho and this is one of the top, maybe top 15. The broth was not too sweet or too sour; it had the right consistency to it. They gave us a lot of noodles but that's not a bad thing made me full pretty fast. The meat is good, very little though compared to some places.Will come back here whenever I go back to Vegas.
5	I take everyone that visits form out of town to Pho Kim Long for the delicious pho.  It does get busy and crowded but I think it is worth it.  Everything I have tried is delicious.
4	24 hour pho - what's not to like?For whatever it's worth, I'm from Los Angeles (born and raised). I know pho. I've been eating it ever since I was a pubescent teen. Pho Kim Long is good. Whether it be day time or night or dawn, you can always expect decent portions and decent taste from this place. What really made me a fan was the customer service. I went here to eat at 4:30AM and yet there were more than 5 staff (waiting tables) willing and able to heed my beckoning calls. Pho Kim Long is not only clever (in name), but in business practice and taste. 4 STARS well deserved! I would have given it a 5-star had all members of my party been fully satisfied. Unfortunately, we had a couple unhappy campers. Even so, I heavily encourage a visitation.
5	Amazing pho! Just get that and you will be satisfied.  Drunk, Sober...etc, worth the drive off the strip.  My compatriates didn't like the pork chops (they could of had an off day though)Lines are super long on the weeekends, weekday was pretty easy.
4	PHO KIM LONGGGGGGGGGG the place that opens all night LONGGGGGGG! Yes that is right they open 24 hours in Las Vegas so after a night of partying all night LONGGGGG, you should definately come here to cure your hangover! There menu here has alot of items. From rice plates, to soup bowls, to smoothie drinks! One of my favorite spots for late night eating in las vegas!
4	Best Egg Rolls in Chinatown!!! They come out super fast too.  The selections of Pho and their Chinese menu are perfect night caps.  Plus after midnight it's a eclectic crowd from Tourist, locals getting off work & Club peeps rolling in drunk LoL. Nothing bad on menu.
3	Not the best pho, but it hits the spot when you are in Vegas. I don't recommend getting a rice plate bc your food will come out way after everyone has received and eaten their pho.
5	Quickie Review: This place is like the Swiss Army Knife of Asian cuisine. It's always there when you need it and it's so versatile. It's primarily a Vietnamese spot but they have a wide variety of dishes but the quality of food doesn't falter. Their hours make it a go-to spot for late night cravings or for sobering up. Food:  As noted, they have a wide-variety of food despite being a Vietnamese restaurant. Besides the Pho and other dishes they are known for, they can happily serve up delicious selection that are more Chinese or Thai in style. Personally, though I did venture into their Singapore Street Noodles once and was satisfied....I typically stick with their trusty Pho....beef ball to be specific. Once you load that bowl with peppers, mint, sprouts and lime juice (which it's served with)....be ready to enter a fit of delicious rage only to come to your senses when the bowl is empty and you're left wondering what just happened. Seriously, what I inflict on their bowls of Pho could probably be described as a crime of passion in a court of law.....but I digress.I have tried other peoples' dishes and they are all also amazing. So I doubt you can go wrong.Atmosphere/Service:This place is usually packed but that usually doesn't deter seating time or service. Unless you're rolling up 12 deep after a night of clubbing at XS or something, I doubt you will honestly wait more than 10 minutes to be sat...maybe 20 minutes if people have dignity and can resist eating their food like beasts in a blood rage or they're talking/visiting too long.Always, despite what you order....service is usually pretty damn fast. There have seriously been time where I have received my Pho before my drink....and I am ok with that. The only downside to their service is, it may take sometime to get your bill...so if you're going during lunch....start flagging down your server early. Overall, this restaurant is akin to a trusty sidekick: it's always there for you, it welcomes you in with loving arms and it won't judge you when you scarf your food down without shame (like me) or if you rolled in after night of hard partying, possibly with disheveled club clothes (like others).
2	Boyfriend and I wasn't impressed Pho was decent But the bun bo hue was very bland. I also had ask for a hot tea Togo and the guy said they don't do Togo hot teas? How interesting
4	Me and my Family love coming to this restaurant all the time.  We love the beef Pho soup especially.  We're planning on coming again this Friday for some Pho soup!  The place always packed.  Sometimes it takes a while waiting on food or your check but the food always good.
4	Big crowds, long waits, good food!  Ate here twice during my inaugural trip to Vegas - would definitely come back here next time I'm in town!
5	i want pho i want pho i want pho i want pho
2	Sometimes you walk in and it smells funky. Sometimes you walk in and it kind of smells like pee.I come here for two reasons. One because someone I am at lunch with people who picked the place or two because I really, really want Pho and the people I am with are newbies to Pho and might not order Pho. Since, they offer other Asian eats, it is almost a win-win for everyone.With that being said, my service here is never consistent. Sometimes it is good, sometimes it is horrible. I will say it is consistent about one thing, it is NEVER great.I have had problems with getting my food on occasions. One time I ordered Pho and my friend ordered pad Thai. Well my Pho came right when she was done eating her pad Thai. Livid. I was going to send it back but because my friend treated me to lunch, I did not want to be rude.The Pho itself is not bad. It isn't great. It has a decent broth. It lacks in ingredients however, and just leaves me wanting more. More meat, more flavor, more something.But this place is always crowded, so maybe I am missing out on something.
3	service was good. my wife and I came here because she was craving pho like always. I found the broth extremely oily. I've never had pho like that before. my fingers and mouth were really oily. I'm giving it three stars because it made my wife happy which is all that matters.
5	My food was to-go and my friend recommended pork chops, rice, salad and a pork dumpling or something on the side. The pork chops was very DELICIOUS!! Lots of green onions on the pork chops so if you like pork chops...order it. Can't wait to eat this again.
5	if you had a crazy night in vegas, and it's 3:30pm the next day and you're hung over, hit up pho kim long for your life-restoring pho fix. they give high portions of meat in proportion to the noodles, and these guys got the broth down. the various different pho combos/options and spring rolls are on point.
5	Very clean and good service. BEST PHO IN VEGAS HANDS DOWN! Their egg rolls are awesome too, just on the smaller side. Wish they were bigger. Other than that, my whole families fav place to get Pho!
3	Due to my house being close and having some ridiculous pho craving and also hearing decent reviews for this place, I decided to try out pho Kim long. Came along and got seated right away, seemed pretty busy so by this point I'm wondering how good this place is goings to be. Decided to get my usual, pho vegan. Food came out with in 5 minutes, huge portion, plenty of vegetables and over all with the taste, not bland, not to salty, noodles were to perfection and I was very much satisfied. However the satisfaction for their service went down when I asked one of the servers that came to pour in water if they had sake bombs or just bottles of sake. She said he doesn't know and told me she would go ask our waiter. Fair enough, though you should know the menu at the restaurant you're working at. My waiter doesn't come an 15 minutes later I was forced to grab another waiter. He helped me out and got my drink. Got my drink, happy with my food. I was ready to go and leave. Yet our waiter once again has us waiting for another 15 minutes. I must say, good food but bad service. I'll be back to give it another try.
5	I'm a fan of their pho. I don't really know why other people get other food from there when it is clear that it's a pho house. There was this guy who was complaining about poor service there because his food was slower than others (he was referring to our food because we got ours really quick). When you order pho over there, they already have everything pre-made so it's quick. Anyway, I just love their service. The waiters are always checking up on you to see if you're okay and if you need anything.
4	Not much as changed since I wrote my first review over 3 yrs ago.  Many visits later...the food has been solid....some of the best Pho in Vegas.  However, the service here is still weird....servers are still miserable and unfriendly...I've come to accept it as fact that they don't like us because we're not Vietnamese.  Combine that with all of the drunks that come in here during the late night and early morning hours and they have a generally bad disposition to outsiders coming to eat here.  It's become part of the lore that is Pho Kim Long....at least amongst our friends.My fav dish here is the Beef Combo Pho....so good, I can eat it morning/noon/night...yum!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pho-kim-long-las-vegas?select=Ol7fB974HymWXQ78uFPANQ#Ol7fB974HymWXQ78uFPANQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pho-kim-long-las-vegas?select=ruo_rjf7rAcCUu3jPKb3bw#ruo_rjf7rAcCUu3jPKb3bwAs long as they keep serving up great Pho, I'll be back.Return Factor - 98%
5	Best place for pho and vermicelli. Food is good, on point, and usually comes out in 5 minutes. Sometimes the service is bland but that's understandable knowing it's always busy here because it's a great place to eat! Fast, concise, and my waiter never fails to remember my regular when I go here. The shrimp vermicelli is amazing if you want something delicious, yet healthy. This is a go to place for delicious pho and fast service.
5	No wonder this place was voted best Vietnemese restaurant again for 2013 it's that good!!  I am from LA and this place came recommended by family friend and I was happy w/ the place; there was a line outside the place but it moved quickly; Food was sooo tasty I ordered the tofu pad Thai very flavorful and big portions too; I would return when in Vegas again; Service was also good
4	Came here after a long night at Tao. This place is 24/7 so you'll see tons of people here for some late night munchies. I got the #13 which was the combo Pho. It was delicious. The broth was amazing and the meats were so good. Noodles were perfect... not too chewy nor soft. Good way to end a night.
1	Horrible Customer service! Third visit in a row and each time their service got worse. Worst restaurant I've been to in vegas hands down.
4	You can't go wrong with the Pho here. Or any of the other dishes, as far as I'm aware, but the Pho is what's really stand out. The prices are very reasonable and being open 24 hours is wonderful in Las Vegas. This is a go to spot for late night. The only problem is that when the restaurant is busy, they can be understaffed, so you might have to wait for a table and the service will not be as great as one would like. But, considering the food and price, this is a minor complaint.
3	First time here and wasnt very impressed. A lot of my friends come and enjoy the food here and I stopped here for a late lunch.I ordered the Pho Tai Chin-Soup was ok-noodles were okNothing special nothing bad.service was good and prices seem fair. I would have to give this place another try
4	Taste: 3.5Creativity/Authenticity: 4Atmosphere: 3Service: 2.5Bang for your buck: 4So there are many 24hr pho spots in LV but this is the place to be, great selection of Vietnamese and your occasional chinese here and there. Now to the pho, yeah its just soup what makes it good? why is this place so good compared to the rest the broth! hands down greatest broth in LV, so much flavor. Now asian restaurant are notoriously known for bad service if your not asian haha but yeah it was good, what i care about in every restaurant no matter expensive or hole in the wall is my water; if you as a restaurant cant do a simple task like this as to keep any of your customers water filled up or even acknowledge if they would like some water than you have failed and well thank you pho kim long for my water! The atmosphere is well cant explain it much cause every time i eat here its 6am in the morning im wasted and this place is packed with as many people who are wasted as me. Overall this is the best pho place in LV, and if your around chinatown at 5am in the morning swing by and check it out for yourself.
3	Very nice decor when you get inside. They say they are trying to remodel every two years. You can't go wrong with picking this restaurant if you're craving Asian food and can't pick between soup, noodles, or stir fried. They have a variety of food. All good food, but it seems like the prices of the food go up every year. The service isn't consistent. I come here maybe every other week for lunch and/or dinner. Sometimes the service is quick and on point. They kind of rush you so the next group of people can sit down, though. But, if the wait is 15-20 minutes long, at least let us sit down and enjoy our food for that long. Other times, even if business is slow, the service is slow and poor. Every time I've gone, my food always comes before my drink surely. My drink seems to always come when I'm half way done with my food whether I order a smoothie, tea, specialty drink, or coffee.
4	This place is hands down my favorite place to eat Pho. I used to come here every time I was in town, but now that I live here it is becoming an obsession. Great food 24hrs a day and swift service. These guys are nothing if not efficient.
5	Great for pho! Favorite place to go to after work at 4 am, fast service & great food. Can't complain
3	Went here for the first time with my family. Honestly the food was good, however we were seated by this group who was clearly outright drunk. For a family oriented restaurant, as soon as the drunk guy near us started to swear to his friend how he was going to "f**k his girlfriend and how he was going to tear her p***y apart"  tey should HAVE gotten kicked out. The servers were all very nice but they did NOTHING after several groups and tables complained about them. It got to the point where this drunk table started to splash and hit my family's table and at one point picked up his hot soup and splashed some on my dad's face.As a restaurant, it is their job to protect their customers and this was not protecting my family and the others that were getting affected by this rowdy group.Note: when five tables complain to you about a certain table, it's time to do something there, instead of going over to the table and watch them until they stop doing whatever they were doing and then repeat what they were doing when you're gone.Customer service was just a joke.
4	I had this for lunch earlier today w/ my boss. The food was surprisingly good, and the menu had it in English and Korean Im assuming. So you can eat and learn at the same time!! Bonus!
4	First pho experience. It was better than average. The 3.5 average is spot on. My friends and I ordered three different bowls and we enjoyed them all. I had the vegan pho which was super flavorful and full of veggies and noodles. I also ordered the tofu nuggets because I wanted to be able to say that I ordered tofu nuggets with a straight face. They were actually pretty good, as was the sauce they came with. My friend ordered crab rangoon. It was the same old crab rangoon you get anywhere, but they charged $8 for it. Seriously?The service was very hurried, and the waiter never actually took a drink order. He just brought us all water and that was that; we hadn't even realized until he left with the food order. Hurried service also meant the food came quickly, and you can't complain about that. No asking for dessert either. The check just came when he decided to bring it. So it goes.Also, for some reason that we couldn't figure out, there was house music playing in the background the whole time. It wasn't annoying. Just confusing. We just chalked it up to being Vegas after midnight.
1	Smelled like they wiped all their tables with dirty smelly rags... I can't eat in these conditions.
4	Just had an amazing meal at Pho Kim Long!!  Food was great and service was execellent!
5	Almost an addiction after a late night of partying! their assortment of Pho will have something for everyone. I usually get the combinatio Pho but when I feel like eating something else the teriyaki chicke. And brown rice will hit the spot.
3	During my college years, or at least those years I was 21+, I made several late night/early morning trips to Pho Kim Long.  Sometimes it was to feed post-clubbing munchies and at other times it was to nurse a post clubbing hangover.  Pho Kim Long was always one of the first Pho restaurants that popped up on Yelp when you searched it and in my less than 100% state I remember thinking it as pretty good.  But now that I'm a little bit older, wiser, and more sober when I eating here, it is more like 2.5 stars (I rounded up for the good blurry memories).A bowl of Pho is right around 7.50 which isn't cheap or crazy expensive.  You can pretty much order any combination of rare beef, tripe, tendon, meatball, etc. that suites your fancy.  They give you a very average portion of everything.  One of the things that stops me from giving them more stars is their broth.  I feel that it is all about the broth; it is what makes or breaks a bowl of Pho.  I just don't find their broth to have very much flavor like other places.Another reason why I can't justify giving them more stars is because their service is on the slow side.  I've been there on more than one occasion and even though they have lots of room and should have figured out a way to handle to their customer flow, I still always find myself waiting for really long periods of time for my food.  I don't really order anything fancier than a bowl of Pho so it shouldn't take that long.I'm sorry Pho Kim Long. I want to like you more because of our history, but you are just another average Pho Joint and nothing special in my mind.
5	Love, love the shrimp with walnuts and honey sauce,  also the padthai. The menu is very nice, ilustrated with lots of picture's  very helpful in case you don't know what to get.Service was awesome snd fast. Definitely I will recommend this place to friends and family.
4	Pho Kim Long is my favorite pho place in Chinatown. Great place for both dine-in and pick up. I like that it is open 24 hours and always filled with a good looking crowd. The #14 rare steak pho is always my go to choice.
5	yumm! if your in vegas and looking for a cheap good pho place this is it!! we ordered some honey pork chops.. soo good!!! they can get busy fast but they are great to cure your vegas hangover. Its a little ways from the strip but definitely worth the cab ride!
2	I didn't like the Pho there. I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland. I also had the Bun Bo Hue. I like the side sauce that they gave but, without it, again it would taste very bland.
4	Food is AMAZING, however service here totally SUCKS!!!
3	Gotta have pho after a night drinking in Vegas. I thought the pho here was alright. I ordered the combo pho (pho dac biet $~9) and thought the portions were smaller than some other places and the broth was somewhat salty. The saltiness didn't hit me until a couple bites into the meal, but I simply added an extra squeeze of lime to counter the salty flavor.The price was somewhat reasonable, if you're comparing it to L.A prices. If you're comparing the price to other pho restaurants around the vicinity, it's somewhat expensive.The interior was well decorated, probably one of the more modern decorated pho places I've been to.Overall, good experience, but just A-OK on the pho pallet.
4	Really yummy Pho and open late, too! Came here around 4AM on our first night in Vegas after bar hopping by Fremont St. The Pho that I ordered was satisfying enough to fill my tummy and that warm amazing feeling after gulping down hot soup was great and comforting after a night of drinking!The restaurant itself is located in Vegas' version of Chinatown, which is basically an outdoor mall/strip. As a native New Yorker, their version of Chinatown isn't as "cool" as New York's but at least there was a lot of parking available! As busy as it was, I was able to score a parking spot right in front. Service was decent, waitress was friendly - I'd come back here again on my next trip to Vegas just 'cause I love Pho that much! (And to get away from all the fast food and overpriced, overrated food options on the strip!)
3	I like the food , food is amazing but the service is pretty bad maybe its because its busy but still.
2	Food was ok, it came out fast & hot, only issue I had with that is that it all came out at different times. Service, ehhhhh not so much. Server forgot my husbands drink and by the time we saw him again to remind him my husband was already done with his dinner. The server was none too apologetic about it either. It seems like the staff there just wants to get you in and out. I too work in a restaurant and completely understand the need for quick turnovers however customer service needs to remain a top priority.O and on a side note....honeydew smoothie, coconut smoothie & Thai tea were amazing!
3	Best Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio I've ever had. Definitely get this if anything else. Pho Tai Chin is comparable to most other decently good pho places. Cafe su da is good too. Giving 4 stars for the Bun Thit Nuong. But knocking back 1/2 for the pho.
4	Pho Kim Long has earned the distinction with me of being the "Gold Standard" for Pho in Las Vegas. It has earned this distinction with me because they are open 24 hours, they always have a good consistent quality with their food, service is usually fast, and their restaurant is nicely decorated and has a nice ambience. Whenever I try a new Pho place I always end up comparing it back to Pho Kim Long. Most Pho restaurants in Vegas tend to fall short of Pho Kim Long.I can tell you that after a night of partying or drinking, a big bowl of Pho here really hits the spot. This restaurant is located in Chinatown just a short drive from the strip. Pho is certainly a healthy choice and a great way to keep hydrated out in the desert here. It  will also help warm you up on a cold day. If you have never eaten Pho get the traditional Rare Steak Pho (it starts out rare but is cooked via the hot broth) or get my personal favorite Rare Steak & Brisket Pho. This place seems to be busy all of the time these days with a wait to be seated. Usually the wait is not long and is worth it.
5	24 hour Pho at your service!Every time I visit Vegas, this is always the spot we go to after the club. I've been here a handful of times now and I love that this place always has parking in front and the workers always accommodate us and the place is big and clean with a giant fish tank. I always get the seafood Pho and I add tons and tons of lime, jalapeno, cock sauce in mines because I like it spicy. Now I don't eat like Pho but if I have to eat it, I only like the broth and the seafood inside.....there's just something about Pho Kim Long's broth that makes it so addicting. I literally drink the whole bowl of soup and leave all the noodles. Price is right with the amount of food they give and the freshness. Friends here have also tried and loved their spring rolls, cold noodles and their fried chicken wings.
4	I can't give this place a perfect score because I wasn't entirely sober when I was here but it was a great place to go to for the state my friends n I were in. The morning after we all agreed that it was pretty good pho and none of us had a hangover the next day so id recommend and probably return to this place.
4	24-hour place! Thank you thank you thank you! This is the go to place after partying it up in Vegas! Unfortunately I had to order my food to go because the line was ridiculously long! The food was great and reasonably priced. I ordered a bunch of pho, egg rolls, and spring rolls. Pho - 5 stars. The broth was tasteful and still hot and they provide you with so much stuff to put in it and they didn't skimp on anything.Egg rolls - 4 stars typical fried egg rolls, but it was delicious!Spring Rolls - 3 stars - The roll was good but I didn't like the dipping sauce. :( which knocked off a star.
3	This place is open 24 hours, and I'm really happy about that. It's the place to go after a long night of drinking or when it's cold outside and you're craving for a hot soupy bowl of noodles.The ambiance is pretty nice- clean place, nicely decorated. Food-wise though, I've has much better. I think it's because of the volume of business they get. There is so many people that the kitchen churns out food at top speeds, compromising the quality of it. The portions are not bad noodle-wise but they are pretty stingy with the beef slices. It makes for a very incongruous looking bowl of pho- plenty of white noodles with 3 tiny thin strips of beef. Also, the spring rolls were just okay (at best) -I was not impressed for what was supposedly "the best Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas". I've had so much better in small mom-and-pop restaurants in Los Angeles.Service is top-notch. The waiters/waitresses are very attentive and see to your needs really well. The only reason I will return is that this place is open 24 hours. It's either this or Denny's.....and I might give the local Denny's a try next time.
5	Only time I eat Pho at another restaurant is when there is a line out of the door @ this place. Then I'm thinking to myself that I should have just waited that hour because this is the BEST Vietnamese restaurant in town, no bullshit.
4	This place is actually pretty good. I am not sure how Vietnamese food here in Vegas tastes...but I wouldn't expect it to be totally awesome like it would be back where I am from in CA. Considering this place is the go to place for drunk munchies, I liked it. There were tons of menu options from an array of noodle dishes, phos, and rice plates. It is open super late, so after you're done partying on the strip at like 4 am, you come here to eat! Came here with my gfs and our new found friends and we got the pho. YUM. It was really good! A little on the salty side but the meat was freshly pink and the noodles was yummmmy. The fried rice was kinda gross though. It was pretty bland and tasteless. I felt like I was just eating it just to eat it. My gf got the drunken noodles, which are the wide flat rice noodles. Kind of too oily for me but it was really good. Tons of basil flavor in it too! Even though the rice was bad, I give this place 4 stars because it is cheap, open late, and fun place to go to after you club.
4	This is my favorite Vietnamese place in Las Vegas.  Decent quality food.  The Pho is good.  The chinese fried rice is not!
5	Yum!! Great service & great prices! Love it!!
4	After long nights in Vegas, finishing off your trip with a last meal at Pho Kim Long is a must. Hits the spot every single time. I also highly recommend their calamari, it is so good!!
4	this place is nice and clean, open 24 hrs. the food is good. also check out saigon8 I think they are a bit better.
3	The crowd is majority after club crowd. They come in party clothes and at least semi drunk. Food is alright. I have to admit I didnt have their pho but some chinese dish like wonton soup (in vietnamese style) fried clams and somw vegetable dish. Its not memorable and particularly good. The clams are frozen clams that remained the froze taste. Dont think I will go back again.
2	I love Pho. I love it a lot actually. It's my go to food any time I am feeling subpar. When I was released from the hospital and craving comfort and a quick start to my system I came her. It was 2 AM on a Wednesday and they were kind of busy. My friend and I were immediately sat and 2 seconds later water was being dropped off and a little lady came over to our table and took our order, I stated I needed a few minutes.We ordered spring rolls and two differnt kinds of pho, beef and vegan.The food came out quickly. The spring rolls seemed as if they had been sitting around because they were all different colors and some of the innards of the roll were mushy. The peanut sauce was also a little off.Our pho came out a few minutes later. (The food came out so quickly) My pho was okay, but not great. Definitely disappointed. Although it satiated my Pho-fix. It wasn't that good. I wasn't impressed. I don't get what the hype is about... I personally think it's the tongue-in-cheek, punny name sake.Pho Long, I will not be back. I can make my own punnies too.
2	This place was voted the best Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas.  I do not agree.  Food is decent, but not nearly the best.Best thing about this place is that they are open 24 hours!  That's awesome!  We made it here at about 10pm on a weekday.  It is not a little place, but we still had to wait about 20 minutes before we could be seated.Only 1 person in our party of 8 was happy with their order.  Those are not good odds.  Maybe we expected too much because they were voted best in Las Vegas.  Maybe the rest of us ordered the worst things on the menu?  It is a very large menu with so many choices.  My wife ordered Pho and was disappointed.  I ordered a Roasted Chicken with rice dish, and the chicken tasted bland.Well, 7 out of 8 of us will not return here anytime soon.  There are much better options in Las Vegas.
4	Broth was really, really good..... the veggies in my vegan pho however was obviously old which was disappointing but my friends beef pho was perfect (so she says)
5	I have had Pho and Pad Thai many different places and also in a many different cities and this place is hands down the greatest! I have introuced many friends to this place, I  would say over 20 and every single one has gone back multiple times and a few have even become regulars. When I lived in Vegas I was a regular and even now whenever I'm in town you will find me here at least a couple times during my trip. I HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend their Pad Thai (chicken or beef) it's the most amazing Pad Thai you will ever have. The only bad thing about this place is their service, they will take long and a lot of times they will just completely forget about you except for one of the waiters he's always on point, friendly and very helpful (I forgot his name, he's the only young guy with spikey hair.) My other recommendation is the rare steak Pho, I've had Pho so many different places and nothing will ever come close to the broth at Pho Kim Long!! Enjoy!
5	I eat here about once a week. The pho comes out in minutes and they pile on the extras. Great service, nice marble tables and decor. While Vietnamese is the main menu, their Thai and Chinese dishes are also top notch and reasonably priced.
4	How does this restaurant not have at least four stars??? 24 hour pho? IN VEGAS! Plus it's delicious pho too. I am so surprised. Everyone I hang out with seems to crave pho when they wake up from an insane night on the strip, and I don't blame them. It a hangover cure! I always get the basic pho with the strips of steak. YummmmmmThis place can also get real packed so don't expect to get seated right away. Unless you come at an abnormal time. But I never had to wait toooo long. I think they do a really great job accommodating
1	The food quality is so bad,  please avoid it at all costs.Please avoid it at all costs.
3	AMBIANCE: 4 - Always full of people. The line can be a long wait!! A lot of the time, when they are busy, they have you write your own name on the wait list, so make sure you're paying attention or you'll never get a table lol. The tables are very clean, but I wish restaurants like these didn't leave soup spoons out in the open..it's a little semi-unsanitary since I've seen kids be very touchy-feely. SERVICE: 3 - The service was good, but seemed very unorganized! I could never find my server as he ran all over the restaurant to wait tables. They might need to afford more staff, but there was never a moment that I had to wait a very long time for something to be done; except for getting someone to take my bill for change! FOOD: 4 - good food, no matter what you order! and trust me, me and my friend ordered a lot! The salt and pepper chicken wings are my favorite dish. Plus, any pan-fried noodle dish is bound to be delicious. They have a giant menu, so choose wisely :) boba drinks are too sweet though!! Local Specific Info: Open 24 hours.
4	Place has definitely remodeled.  I guess the catchy name of the restaurant or word of mouth of this place actually got around where people love coming to this place ha.  I came here one day when it was super packed.  We had to wait over an hour.  Ridiculousness!  Finally, we got seated and we waited awhile for the waitress to come.  My friends ordered the typical pho bowl while I got my fave dish, bun thit nguong.  It was delish!  When it came time to paying our bill, we asked the waitress to charge certain credit cards to the specific dishes we ordered.  She had to ask us a number of times and then finally got it, supposedly.  Then when the charges came back, we realized the lady just split the bill into thirds.  Sheesh...
2	K maybe I didn't try the pho which they are known for, but I felt that their goi cuon (AKA spring rolls) were meh. The rolls didn't taste particularly fresh, as evidenced by their semi-crunchy rice wrap. The peanut dip was peanutty, but nothing special. I think they get plus points for their late night hours and drunkies craving a bowl of hot noodles. Only in Vegas...
4	Found this pho place on yelp with good ratings so my family and I decided to go try after arriving in Vegas late night from the east coast. Went there after midnight and there were a decent amount of customers. The appearance on the inside looks very nice. Very comfortable place to sit down and have a nice meal. We got to sit next to one of their two aquarium. We enjoyed the company of the fishes. Now for the food part. We got their pho, bum bo hue, this beef with rice, and wonton noodle soup. Overall they were good, but not to the point that made us go "wow". We had much better Viet/Chinese food, but the service+ environment makes up for it. The best part though was their Thai tea. THE BEST I had so far after trying many places that serves this beverage. Finally, it was nice that they open 24/7. I read a lot of yelpers liking pho for hangovers. But as a person who isn't big on drinking, it it's still nice to know there is a nice pho restaurant that will serve well any time of the day. Can't go wrong with this place.
1	I was a huge fan of Kim Long up until this point.  Today I went by myself to have a bowl of pho...I was directed to a table and sat at the table, waiting for someone to bring me a menu or at least acknowledge that I was there.  The guy who sat me then proceeded to take care of the two tables of people that came after me...so now I'm just sitting there wondering if anyone would approach my tableNext group came in and I still had no service...so I got up and leftThere won't be another time for me cause this is the 3rd time it's happened over the past 6 months...I know that serving one person over a group is more time consuming but overlooking a customer for that long is not cool
4	When it's cold outside, I don't need the month of May, I need some hot soup. Speedy service, reasonable pricing (under $10 for some pho and a drink), it's clean, and it's always open. The parking lot is terrible and it's only a matter of time before I get hit, but it's worth it for a nice hot bowl of Vietnamese soup.
4	The best pho in town! I always go here, specially when it's a rainy day and it delivers what I'm looking for, some warm delicious soup! Also, they have a huge menu of thai fare.
1	This is my first time here and I must say, FIRST IMPRESSIONS LAST. They SUCK! Service sucks. The Pho Tai here sucks. I got maybe 5 strips of steak. We had 4 different guys serving us. You wave your hand calling for one's attention and they ignore you, straight up! They look the other way. That's why we had 4 different ones. I had a better service at a 'mom and pop' pho place in San Diego than this place, considering this is a tourist town. Their egg roll is rock solid. One order is 4 pieces, unlike 6 in SD. Their calamari is oilier than a porn stars butt! Not coming back!! Seriously, just go somewhere else. 1000+ people and this place has 3+ average. Go figure!
4	This place is pretty awesome. The honey garlic pork chops are highly recommended. We also got the pan fried noodles and wonton egg noodle soup. My favorite dish was the chicken and egg roll vermicelli! Took off one star for service. I had to get my own water...twice. Overall pretty decent food.
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE! BEWARE!! YOU WILL GET FOOD POISONING!!! All of my family threw up because of the whatever gross thing they did to all our food. Probably the rude hostess and her friends working there did something. Rachelle the hostess was THE WORST at checking in and seating customers. if you see a lady with red hair and blue eyes, do yourself a favor and eat somewhere else. She never greeted any of the guests, and even worse, she let the only 1 guy who just came through the door get a table when me and three other families were waiting for 20 minutes!! She was flirting with that one guy for some time while she ignored the 3 other families were waiting to get checked in! When one father was getting mad at her not paying attention and flirting with the guy, and checking his family in, she had the most disgusting attitude and told him to wait- terrible at customer service. Also, when i called her out and asked why we were all waiting longer than other people, she had the audacity to tell me off by saying to eat somewhere else. Oh and not to mention that she didn't even give the family seated next to us any menus whatsoever. Talk about lazy service. What a shame. I've been going here faithfully for years and service is going down the drain. Did I forget to say how it took me FIVE times to call a waiter to get boxes for my leftovers? And don't expect anybody checking you frequently to see if your dining experience. They clearly made eye contact with me and ignored me, particularly the ones whom the hostess would be talking to. She's turning this restaurant into a high school vibe with all the rude and immature employees. it's ridiculous. The one star is only for the nice lady who checked on our waters and my family enjoyed their pho.Best vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas, what a lie. Go to any other pho place but this! The service gets worse and worse and i finally can't take coming here anymore! I hate this place with a passion now!If you are one of the employees and you read this, remember: we customers pay your pay check. No respect, no money. no customers. You lost 4 faithful families of customers tonight. And earned a visit from a health inspector for the bad quality food you  gave my family. Hope you like That Visit as your early Christmas present.
3	It's a 24-hour business. I'm grateful for that because people need some solid food after clubbing at LV. And a bowl of hot noodle or chow are really helpful. Though my bf got some fried noodle and those were too salty even my bf can't stand it. My chow is pretty good but they are both large portion and we couldn't really finish it. Plus, it has its own lot parking which is easy and the service is really fast. You get your food in very waiting time.
4	The name of this place deserves 5 stars. Mayyybeeeee I'm a little immature, but it never stops making me giggle.Great 24 hour pho spot in Vegas. You can always find either drunk or hungover vegas-goers here. Service is shitty and rude, but they are fast and efficient on bringing your food and bill out. They want you IN and OUT. no joke.
3	It was good. It's supposed to be the best pho place in Vegas. I don't know about that. But it did help with the hangover! It was pretty crowded for a Sunday afternoon. But only had to wait about 10 mins.
5	Their food is authentic. Delicious,  just like mommy used to make. What I can't understand is why is the entrance so clustered I have a baby, last time I went there no one would move out of the way so that I may stroll the stroller out. What's worse is the people that worked there didn't even ask the customers to move out of the way. One by one three customers stepped in front of me. Two of them were females wearing heels! It's not worth the wait for the rude customers and employees you attract. A pho house is a dime a dozen in chinatown Las Vegas, NV 89146I am not taking my 1 1/2 year old son here again.
4	Great name, great food! Spring rolls were yummy (use some hot pepper sauce or sriracha to spice things up a bit.) Had some basic broth that was wonderful on it's own. The Roast Duck I really wasn't that impressed, but it was after 1am so sometimes that's not a wise choice. I had a cubed beef dish in black pepper sauce, this was the hit of the night! Tender beef cubes with a lot of flavor and very satisfying. Prices weren't too bad & they are open late so after drinks it's a great choice. I will definitely be back soon to experiment with more menu items, but that beef dish is worth the price of admission on it's own :)
1	Not a good place to eat. Terrible service. The place is dirty as hell. I will not be back to this restaurant. Over rated. One star for me. Very disappointed....
3	Very overrated.  If you are expecting good Vietnamese good, you'll need to downgrade your expectation.
4	Unlike the other posts, I haven't experienced the extremely bad service at this establishment.  I mean it's not superb either but they take your order when you flag them down, they bring out your food, and they drop off your bill before you ask for it.  This is one of my go to spots in Vegas!  Pho is the best comfort food to heal a hangover.  I usually get the Pho Tai and the small size portion definitely fills me up!  I also really like the deep fried egg rolls.  Soup and fried goods = best hangover cure!  Two thumbs up!
1	THE WORST SERVICE EVER!!!  We came in a family of twelve in the morning at 10am.  So the restaurant is pretty empty.  The waiter sat us by the door with a cold weather.  I was asked to be seated inside and spot a long table that enough for my family.  The waiter was refuse and said if we want to sit inside then we have to split into 3 corners.  What the F?  I understand if the restaurant is full.  But it is quite emply on that day.  I screwed at them and walk out and NEVER come back to this restaurant again.   WORST WORST AND WORST EXPERIENCE EVER HAD!
3	Food is great. Lots of selections to choose from. Bomba Is a great dessert. Plan to be there for a while though. The service is AWFUL! Also, I got charged money to have my meat on the side, and they didn't even warn me about it. Wow.
2	This used to be the go-to spot every time after an eventful night of clubbing and drinking. They're open 24/7 which is why they're popular. They are on the snooty side because they know they get more business than the surrounding Pho restaurants. That means the customer service sucks and they don't really care if they get your business or not. Plus, they stopped serving tripe. Enough said.
4	First of all you gotta love the place because of the name alone... Pho Kim Long? Classic! It's known to us Vegas locals as one of the best Pho places in Las Vegas. My personal favorite dish is the Wonton soup but be prepared for it to take 3 times as long as anyone else's meal in your party which is hell of annoying... But honestly once it comes its all worth the wait. Overall really freaking good and the perfect hangover cure!
2	I had this pho a couple years ago and it is not the same anymore. I was a little scared when this place is a 24 hour restaurant. It is a great idea for vegas, but not for a consistent flavor of pho soup. The service is ok like any other pho place. The server would come to our table when we just sat down and wait until we decide. The pho does not have a clear sweet broth with a full load of complex spiced flavor. There was a cloudiness to the soup. The bo vien (meatball) has a consistency of an Italian meatball but it has no flavor at  all. Usually the bo vien has a bounciness when I bite into it. The brisket and rare flank tasted fine. The vermicelli w/ grilled pork and egg roll was not the best I've tasted. However if I was craving for this after all the buffet I went to, this will do.       --The grilled pork is lean and nicely charred, but not too mind-blowing of a flavor.        It's missing the sweet crusted part of the pork. The egg      --The egg roll were nice and crispy. The stuffing inside was smushy. I couldn't        the meat, veggies, or vermicelli.
3	losing a star.  Since they've gone to 24/7 hours, the prices have gone up and the quality has gone down.  They turn so many tables I don't think they care about service anymore.  Still the best spot for viet food in LV but viet food shouldn't be too expensive, it's comfort food from a 3rd world country!
3	24 Hours?! +1 star for you, Pho Kim Long. A place for drunchies.Bun Bo Hue ($8.50ish): This noodle soup used to be REALLY good here. My parents wanted to come here specifically for it, so we ordered 3 bowls. The sauce they gave with it is SO yummy, better than the broth itself, unfortunately. This time, the bun bo hue lacked flavor. I was hoping for pork blood inside because that's usually how I see it served but nada. Disappointment this time around.Pho Tai Sac ($7.75): Not bad! I ordered the small bowl and after 10-15 minutes of eating, my bowl looked like it had not been touched. It was like a magical bowl of never ending noodles! I didn't know how to stop it. I ate a little less than half and had to pass it onto my sister & dad to help me finish. Good amount of meat slices.*BE AWARE OF EXTRA TIPPING!! I had a party of 5 and we automatically got a 18% gratuity charge!
3	Supposedly voted the best Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas. This place is great because they are open 24/7 and it definitely hits the spot after a night of heavy drinking and clubbing. Food comes out quickly after you order, even when they're busy. They're quick to refill waters, which helps with that nasty hangover you are sure to be nursing.
3	Came here on 12-22-13 right after arriving Las Vegas for late night arrival (11:30pm)The store opens 24/7 and was packed in mid night and service is not as great as I expect.Highly recommend late night dinner folks to try other late night asian restaurants in this area
4	The best pho I've had in vegas so far, tried 2 other spots before that did not live up to standards. However, I think everyone else knows this too, so those days after clubbing when you're finally able to roll out of bed and your hunger finally outweighs your need to lay in bed and you think man I need some pho, best of luck to you on the wait situation. If you're lucky and it happens to be short, you are in luck! But I've seen the wait be up through 45 minutes before as well. Longest 45 minutes if you are already barely at the state of crawling out of bed. The restaurant is pretty big and has lots of tables and service is fast, it's just THAT many ppl want to get some. PHO: The broth is very well made, this is pretty much the defining difference between pho restaurants and pho kim long is near the top of the list. I don't like it when place don't rinse the starch off their noodles and makes the broth cloudy, none of that here. Good portions of noodle and meat, yes! Also, no crazy obvious msg taste, here we go baby! Path to recovering so you can go hard again!I used to take good pho for granted, but having experienced some bad ones lately, I really appreciate those that stay true to the craft! LOCATION: If you are staying around the wynn/venetian side of the strip, you just go right across spring mountain a few blocks and you are in chinatown, not too far of a drive to get some tasty vietnamese beef broth in your system.
4	Alright ok, once you and your glazed weary eyed friends gotten over the name of the place, you'll find that this is a pretty decent spot to go if you're looking for that late nite, post-clubbing hangover cure as I'm sure many people know by now. Great for drunken stumbling groups or for just you and a homie/lover/friend. I've been here a good handful of times through a span of 4 years now -- typically when friends are visiting and while their food may not be the greatest Viet spot in Vegas, they make up in their hours and the variety of traditional Viet-Chinese pho and rice dishes. Upon a recent visit I met up with a group of friends that never been to a Vietnamese-Chinese spot and all of them for the most part enjoyed their food. For that they teeter along a 3 and 3.5 in my book but I prefer to round up and give these businesses the benefit of the doubt!
1	The waiter was weird & rude. No wonder many people pay more to eat at Asian restaurants in casinos rather than going to out to eat in Asian plazas.
3	I actually wanted to give this place two stars because I really don't care for it, but I realize it's a popular place and there must be good reason for that. It may be that I just don't care much for pho in general, so I'm hard to please when it comes to the subject. Based on the outrageous line that exists nearly every time I've been there, be it 8pm or 4am, this is a definitely a hot spot in town. Fortunately, there were only two of us so we were sat quickly. The hostess seemed annoyed at the amount of ppl waiting for tables and was just wanting to get everyone out of the waiting area, so she barely made eye contact, and a smile was entirely out of the question. The server possessed the same quality of indifference toward us. I realize this place is probably quantity-driven versus quality-driven, so I tried not to let the poor service bother me too much. He only came by when it was time to order, and we had to flag him down for a refill on soda. Honestly, the "water-refill guy" was more attentive than our server. The food was mediocre, but again, that could be because I don't have much of an affinity for pho. The broth was pretty bland, so I found myself continuously adding to it throughout the meal. Even though I ordered my pho with rare steak, I only had about 3 pieces of meat in my entire bowl. Incredibly disappointing. I will say the shrimp and pork spring rolls we had as an appetizer were delicious, however. Better than the soup, in my opinion. It took awhile for us to get our credit card slips back after giving them to the server to pay. A tad annoying since we were in a hurry. Overall, I don't plan on returning here anytime soon, BUT if you are a pho lover who doesn't mind bad service and are just there for the food, this might be the place for you! Again, I know it's one of the most popular places in the city, and there must be a reason for that, right?
4	After hopping off the plane at LAS, my mom, sisters, and I head straight to Chinatown. This was our first time in the area. We hail from the Midwest so we've had our fair share of pho and other Asian goods from Chicago to Minneapolis.We didn't have to wait long to be seated. There were 7 of us. Food came in super fast. The egg rolls were delightful. It came with a side of lettuce and shredded, sweet and sour pickled carrot and daikon. The pho portions are good portion sized. I just wish there were more noodles. I would have to say it's the best pho I've ever had!!! A squeeze of sriracha and a tad of hoisin sauce was all it took. My sister, the nit picky unofficial pho connoisseur, was very fond of the broth as well. The meatballs looked homemade, not like the rubbery kind you buy frozen from Asian super markets.I took a star off for the service. They want you in and out. This place is also open 24-hours! So good, I even dreamt about going back. I only have my pictures to relive it.
3	Service was great for me but I was turned off by a piece of cubed fat i found in the pho. I'm guessing they use it for flavor. Little more expensive than other nearby places that are open late as well and equally if not more tasty. Also has smelled a bit funny in there when I take-out latenight boba (not the typical pho joint smell). Atmosphere is nicer than the majority of pho places in town. Kind of hip, swanky, dim lighting. Good for a date.
2	My mother REALLY wanted to try this place out when we came to Vegas, despite my arguing against it. There were tons of people waiting for a table, both in the restaurant and outside, so she kept saying "Well it has to be good since there's so many people here !!" How I wished that was true.The wait wasn't too bad. 10~15 minutes.I got the calamari, and it sucked. Hated it.We ordered some beef entree and they didn't give it to us until near the end of the meal. Even after several reminders. Idk how the rest of the food was because I was too busy trying to eat the horrible calamari.My water was only refilled once. 20 minutes after it's been sitting at the edge of the table completely empty. I guess it's not that big of a deal but it is to me. I mean, I would have asked for a refill myself if I could flag someone down but noo they were all running around serving other tables, and being apparently much too busy to attend to our one table.
3	I base my reviews on the food, service, and atmosphere. Given that, this place was pretty average for a pho place. The restaurant itself is nicely decorated and large in size. It 's fairly busy every time I've drove passed it. I ordered my usual beef broth with rare flank steak. The broth was in my opinion, very tasty. I didn't need to add too much extra sauces like usual. The prices are a little bit more than I'm use to for the portion, but not too bad. So if you're looking for a good pho spot in Chinatown, Pho Kim Long is a safe bet.
3	Pho Kim long. Fun e nam! Don't you think? Well if your a local or party with locals chances are you will probably end up here after a night out for some drunk munchies or after a wicked hangover sets in and your in dire need of liquids containing pho noodles.  The food good. The atmosphere is questionable. If you come here sober you'll probably run into someone you know who is plastered. Fun? Maybe. Enjoyable? That depends if you get anything good to use on them! Jk, sorta. Seriously though the food is good. Order something other than the pho you'll be surprised it's pretty damn good! I like the crab Rangoon and the peppered beef. Ooo and the Thai boba is yummy! Don't get the fruit flavored ones they use the artificial fruit stuff. The seating sucks and the bathroom is not so clean. If you like lots of ppl, a noisy restaurant, and pretty decent food than give pho Kim long a try. What could it hurt. I've def done worse drunk.
3	Open late for drunk feasting!  Each time I have gone, there was a wait, but it's not too bad. I have ordered the dat biet pho and the chicken pho.  They were both good.  Egg rolls were typical.
5	What! Only 3 1/2 stars?! This place has quality food! Whether you order their amazing pho (I ordered the #10)b or their delicious Kung pao beef, you can't go wrong! Their egg rolls are some of the best I've ever had.
3	Good lunch spot, although it took some time to get our servers attention. We both ordered Pho and it was delicious. Mine (with various meats) and his (chicken) came out very quickly and had nice flavor. We were seated at a giant round table even though it was just the two of us and our 1 year old. They child seemed to have thrown them off, but overall the experience was good.
3	excellent food, service was so slow today and they messed up my order. next table had same complaints. staff really odd, took off with my credit card for long time today... i hope i didnt become victim of fraud.  I dont recall service here being slow and rude, but it was definitely not fast or friendly.  Food amazing as before, but lost stars on service. I came around 5pm, saw no drunks or partiers.
3	This is an okay place. The prices aren't too hot, but hey, you're in the Las Vegas area so prices will be much more inflated. This place seems to be popular with the locals as it was buzzing with people--for a random Thursday during the hours of lunch. The wait isn't that long though so don't fret. Our sever was semi okay, but my friends seemed to think otherwise as he made faces when my friend asked for a substitution. The food was average. I don't think any of us thought it was poorly made or anything great in nature. I had some sort of Japanese fried noodle. I really can't remember exactly what it was. It tasted okay, but I thought it was a bit on the oily side. I think other menu item choices would have been better. My friend's fiancee had the pho ga, he said it was good. I really like the fact that this restaurant is in the China Town area so you can definitely take your pick of other restaurants. There's plenty of dessert and drink choices to chose from as well.
4	You can never fail with number 14 (pho with rare beef), and egg rolls. They are delicious, and all we ever order is a pho of some sort and the egg rolls.. We've ordered Chinese from here before, but it is not their forte.
3	Richard Pro here with another review.After seeing lines going out the door 3 nights in a row at this restaurant, I decided I had to give this place a try.The spring rolls were fabulous.The pho was delicious.The service was meh. The 3 color dessert was horrendous. You get a plastic cup, a mound of shaved ice on top that is impossible to eat with a plastic spoon because the ice hardens, and the green gelatin layer tastes like green hardened rice noodles. The coconut milk, instead of being liquid, freezes with the ice. Quite disappointing, really, to eat such a poorly prepared yet simple dessert.3 stars. Pretty comfy and bright interior. Food is average and there are a lot of options.
4	Open really late and the Pho is really good. Didn't try anything else but everyone elses food around us looked pretty good. Service is ok but that is expected I guess.
1	This place is probably appreciated by those who are hung over. Unfortunately (in more ways than one), we patronized this restaurant sober as a blade of grass. On a Sunday morning, I found this place to be quite dark. Again, the dark would have been appreciated had I been hung over or still buzzing. The pho broth was salty and unbalanced. It tasted like it had too much star anise. I was adventurous and ordered the bun bo hue. Huge mistake-- again salty broth, the veggies that normally accompanies this disk appeared sad. The offering of frest mint was very stingy. Instead of cabbage, there were pieces of ripped up lettuce. Sure, they may not have red cabbage, but they could have at least cut up the lettuce nicely.
5	super packed but worth the weight. best PHO i have EVER had.
1	Wow.... I understand when you are in Vegas and your drunk food usually tastes better. but cmon MAN... food is terrible and well over priced!!!!  I will definitely not return to this place.
2	With some many other (better) Pho places in the area there is no reason to eat at Pho Kim Long.The tour buses regularly bring unknowing tourists to this particular mall strip in Chinatown. They get a lot of good business that way. Poor tourists. 5 minutes down the road are at least 2 better Pho joints with much less inflated prices.
3	I would gladly five stars for the food because i keep coming back for it, but the service is two star. Every time i have been there, about 5 or 6 times, the servers have been terrible. Last time i was there, one in my party ordered veggie egg rolls and they said "no, too busy now". Really? It wasn't packed. They wait for you to tell them you need your check after everyone has long since finished. I think the kitschy name is what gets most people through the door. Maybe they just bank on the name and good food. Whatever. Maybe I'll get it as takeout next time.
3	Let's make this short...Place was beautiful and clean. The Pho was so-so because mine came out pretty salty. Not much different Pho varieties. And I was a little bit confused about service. We didn't have one server we could talk to. There were multiple servers at a time. That makes it hard to ask for something if you needed it, or to get the bill.
1	Terrible, rude  hosting, worst ever restaurant in my life!!!!!  Our family  have waited for 30 minute on waiting list, but  a hostess, manager working the front was so rude that they ignored even yelled to us "GET OUT" when we pointed out to them why the group later than us were seated first. This place doesn't seem to have any rule for waiting list. I am not talking about special, excellent customer care for us  from them, considering their location. Instead of kind apologizing,realizing her mistake or trying to make experience better, the dumb manager was extremely rude about this situation, and called security guard  to kick us out. I have never experienced this kind of shit in my life ever!!        Especially  unprofessional manager doesn't seem to know what he's doing for customer care.    Ha Ha!!!  How stupid they are and  treated customer as just trouble makers!!!.  Also, I have never seen any security guard  in this kind of  local  restaurant. I figured out  easily why they hired a big guy like a night club and how many times they kicked even their customers easily.      Their rules seemed  that Don't ask and don't  argue just follow whatever they do.   If not,  they (security guard) kick out like drunken man at club or casino.    YOU GET OUT !!! WHAT AN  ATTITUDE to customers. Don't ruin your day due to  this silly restaurant. There are so many better Pho restaurant  than this  in Vegas. Suck!! seriously.
1	The pho here is decent, but the service is atrocious! Went in for 20 mins just to be seated and 10 mins later nobody took our order or got us drinks. We told a server we were ready to order and he started walking away and saying VERY rudely "in a few minutes"
4	I've been coming here for years! Way before the whole renovation to make it look more upscale. I kinda miss the old ways. When they had the fish tanks upfront and you get to pick your fish/shellfish. This place has become the official sobering spot for nightlife people. Food is always good and service is that typical of asian restaurants. Get your food quick, eat it and get out so they can turn that table. They also raised the prices. supply and demand right? Overall, I will keep coming here for good food and they're open 24/7. Don't expect friendly service but fast and efficient. works for me. after a "pho kim long" night drinking...nothing beats a large bowl of pho.
5	Omg they have the most amazing pho! I alway get the #14 and it never disappoints. From start to finish it takes less than 5 min for my take out to be ready and I'm on my way.
4	Pho isn't alwasy Pho.  You can end up with some terrible broths.  This place is always consistant and super busy.  I like that sometimes I have to wait in line.  It reminds me that I'm not the only one who likes this place for lunch
5	Good eating here as always, and helps that their open late for those of us that get off late from work.
4	Vegan options are limited, but they exist and the food is great. Service is a little cold, but at 9:45am, who cares? Vegan pho is amazing and the veggie fried rice is very good. Added bonus? Ronald's donuts is right up the street and they have a bunch of vegan options.
3	We typically come here for the pho but idk today the broth was off. 3 stars based on today's lunch.
1	Ate there last night and they treated us sooo poorly. I have never experienced such poor service. The waiters did NOT acknowledge us and kept ignoring us if we needed something... Even after eye contact. Multiple waiters were doing the same to us. At check out, we got DISRESPECTED by the so called restaurant owner... He refused to help us figure out our bill as it was being split into two orders. We asked if we could barrow their calculator and he says we have to use our own and figure it ourselves and then he answers the phone and completely ignores us. We got upset at him, and he CAUSED us out! Of course we were causing back to depend ourselves but then he called security like we were some animals. This was the worse place I have ever been too.
1	I have made a yelp account today at this moment just to tell you my experience from this place. I have been here numerous times but don't really appreciate the standard customer service given at this place. This place I normally don't refer to friends but I decided to give this place one more shot due to my close friends wanting to eat this last night. Last night was the final draw for this place never have I ever felt violated, disrespected, and degraded in my life. We go here about 2:30 am after a night of long work and studying. It took the waiter 40 mins to take our order. We didn't get our compliment water, napkins, and utensils till all orders arrived. Numerous times have we tried to call a waiter over and cater to us all we got was stares and shut downs. They ignored for about 5 times, as they walked over and looked at us. As we finished up and was ready to pay, we waited at the cashier table for about 20 mins. The so called manager/owner comes through a young skinny Asian boy. He tell him that we are going to split the check into two my friend will pay first and I'll pay second. We have a group of four people and two people on one check the other two on the next check. He tells us we have to figure it our ourselves. We ask for a calculator right in front of him he tells us no you figure it our yourselves. The phones rings as we were try to talk to him he ignores is the whole time. At this point I  furious poor service, and now dealing with an ass of an owner. He tells me to "shut the fuck up" "stop giving him attitude" he also calls me a "bitch". At this point I'm ready to knock his ass out but I have to keep it collective, no one ever talks to me this way I was raised to knock bitches out if I was dissected especially in the way he treated me last night. I tell him "bitch" you do not know me don't you ever talk to me in that tone ever again. He then tells me to "fuck off" I don't care. I pay give no tip. As we were leaving he then runs outside trying to find security to kick me and my friends out saying we were trespassing when clearly I have to stay to pay the bill unless you want me to have a free meal. I leave he then tells me to "get the fuck out". I don't know about you but customer service and being a manager yourself customers are always right and never have I ever in my 25 years of living experience a manager/ owner swear at me. Do not I suggest do no! Ever go to this place ever!!!!!!
5	I must eat here at least 3 times a week! Although it is always very busy and crowded they still remember me by name each time. I enjoy the food and the service is very fast!
1	My experience at this restaurant and there customer service is the worst ever. My family an I decided to have dinner here on a busy night we had our baby stroller and since the restaurant was busy they asked if they could put our stroller away. When I left I completely forgot about the stroller and immediately called and they said they would put it aside so I could pick it up tomorrow. The next day I come to pick up my stroller they said that someone has already came in to pick it up and that it's not there fault the stroller was left there and it was out of there hands. The manager Ken was very rude and said sorry but there's nothing he can or will do about it.Be advise make sure do not leave your personal belongings because even if they do find or have it there big chance you may not get it back.
1	Hated it. Service is crap and servers are extremely rude. They fill the bows completely with broth so you can't help but spill it and all the meat was covered in fat. Once we finished our meal we went to the cashier to pay, we asked to have separate checks he had the audacity to give us the whole check and demand we split it ourselves.  There where 5 of us and they add in gratuity which added up to 8bucks at the bottom of our check. I will never go back to this place it was horrible and left my  party angry all night.
4	Good food and open 24 hours. Anytime I stop by Las Vegas I have to be here at least one time for lunch or dinner. Wonton soup is the best.
4	So far, the broth for their Pho is my favorite. & the chicken porridge!This place is one of the late night places to go since they are 24 hours. They are always busy even thought the restaurant is huge. I would rate the service 2-3 stars. It's always been like & I expect it from a place like that. It's not a big deal, I come here all the time anyway!
4	This place has good food!! I have been going here for years and I love that it is open late and located in a good area. I love their fried porkchops, special fried rice, porkchop combo, and of course their pho!! My favorite is their eggrolls! Theyre busy all day but especially late at night.
4	Beast restaurant lots of great food choices. If you are craving for soup I would recommend you going to this restaurant
3	After a long weekend of partying in Vegas, my 3 friends and I came here to get a feeling that only pho can give you. TBH I didn't expect much; I come from a place where the best pho are made. When I got there MLK DAY the line was out the door and the wait was a short 10 minutes. I order the usual pho Dac Biet with extra meat on the side and was quite satisfied with the flavor of the soup. The meat was good too; I mean it's pretty standard. What was lacking was the size and the composition of goodies that come with a combo. I had zero tripe, very little brisket, and very little else. The spring roll we ordered was also a bit pricey at 6 dollars for 2. It definitely did the job making me feel better though.
5	Prompt service, great pho. I eat pho all the phoking time and this was amazing! the cream cheese wontons and the egg rolls were fairly decent, standard fried stuff.
4	I love that this place is open 24hrs. I have a crazy schedule and by the time I get off work, I have very few and less appetizing options available at 2am in the morning. Heard about this place from a vegan friend "I recently went Vegan in Nov 2013" that this is a great place to add to my list of Vegetarian and Vegan friendly places to eat. I never had the chance to sit down and eat here. I always order for pick Up. I recommend to call your order in ahead of time due to they can be quite busy. The wait is definitely worth it. Over-all a delicious option for those late night cravings
5	yummy food, open all the time, sometimes semi long wait but its ok, i do recommendi love the bun bo hue and canh chua here
4	Pho Kim Long is a good late night eat. I've only been a couple times but it's always been really good. The pho with steak is great, I can never finish the big bowl but I eat like a mouse. This last time I went I had the chicken fried rice which was good, needed some soy sauce but was made really well, there wasn't any hard parts or uncooked chicken. Nothing crazy.
2	Have been here a couple times when I'm in Vegas. Sure, Pho is the best hangover food you can get, but personally think they're a bit on the pricey side, and their broth isn't that special. They do offer a lot more different kinds of food other than Vietnamese food though.However, their service is HORRIBLE. People always say, oh yeah you shouldn't expect good services from Asian restaurants , or oh yeah the worse the service is, the better the food is! No, just no. We had to ask them so many times for them to bring up waters, they came to us with the wrong food, server was very impatient when we ordered, and when the food came, they just quickly put the food down anywhere on our table, we had to move the food ourselves. Meh. Also there's always a long line. Unless I really want Pho and I can't wait till I get back to LA, I probably won't come here again.
3	I got their rice plate with roasted chicken. It wasn't as good as I hoped for it to be. The entire chicken was smaller than my fist!!! The service was horrible. Stuck up Asian boy working was acting like he the sh*t. I'll pass on this place and go to another nearby pho spot next time we visit.
3	Descent place for PHO after a long weekend of partying in Vegas.This is my go to spot on Sundays before leaving. This place is always packed! Parking is not difficult.
1	I love Pho , but my experience with this place was horrible. The hosts was rude and didn't get the order correctly. How is that possible? The pho tasted like it was out of can base soup. What was truly disgusting was the worker who was obviously sick and wiping his runny nose. Seriously? -_- After seeing that I stopped eating and left. Eat at this place with caution. Seriously!
1	Viet food is below average. Service is great. Price is too high for mostly unfavorable viet food. I am from Los Angeles, I know good Viet food, this place is just average.I recommend you go down the street at Krung Siam for favorable Thai food with actual spices and the pricing is very fair.
1	Yea to expencsive and the staff believes that they are so busy customer service is out the window.
2	Honestly my faverate pho restaurant is pho so 1, but they closed yesterday .. so I went this restaurant instead. No surprisingly, the servers were not kind for customers as always.  and..I found a fly in my pho and they didn't appolozie for that. this place was horrible... I will never go back!!
4	I don't really eat Pho very often. But the number 23 or 24 is Delish! Only odd thing is.. when it's not busy they take forever to seat people and when it's busy they seat people really quick. Weird?
4	This place is solid and unforgettable. My fave dishes here are the (very unique) vermicili(esp. the one with spring rolls and fried tofu or sprimp)... It's ingredients are multifaceted, and the sweet and sour sauce on top is the only sweet and sour sauce I've ever enjoyed. The pho with brisket is yummy, but I'd like to try the pho at Pho So(which somehow looks better) to compare.Drunken noodles here are great(any or all meats); so are the potstickers.I dislike: the spring rolls(they always taste old and bland); the Thai tea here sucks, so get a... Vietnamese coffee instead. Or an avocado smoothie!Call to make a reservation for a group dinner, or your legs will regret it. Prices are reasonable--some dishes are maybe $2ish overpriced in comparison to nyc/sf spots... But who cares when you're a block from the Strip.
3	What?!! Pho that is priced at close to $10 a bowl should not have one $. There are too many options for pho on Spring Mountain road to unnecessarily fork over that extra dough. The decor is nice and swanky but you pay for that swank with your extra bucks.Only time it may be worth parting with your dough is if you wander in at 3am because they'll be one of the few establishments open. Head elsewhere's during regular business hours. Spend your cash where it counts.
5	Best place in Chinatown!!!Worth the wait
4	Since we moved from San Francisco Bay Area, we had a hard time finding a good pho restaurant. But finally, Pho Kim Long delivered! While not super fancy, the pho was pretty good. And open 24/7!We now have peace of mind that when we crave a bowl of pho, Pho Kim Long is there.
5	Great Pho, as always. I tried the drunken noodles and it was amazing! I have yet to try something I don't like. We drive over 30 minutes to get here and it's well worth the drive.
1	Ugh!!! I used to come here every Saturday after Japanese school with my mom. I have FOND memories here, but something has happened. Something terrible......  - The servers don't speak English nor do they speak any other Asian language.  - I ordered tea and got a green tea bag in my mug... A MUG!! ... GREEN TEA!!  - The small dish for dipping is a deep black little cup (customary for ketchup or ranch) If you know Pho.. AUTHENTIC PHO you know those three points are enough for a strike. The taste has declined and I was SO incredibly disappointed. Highly Americanized and the awful parking lot really doesn't make this place worth your time or calories.
4	This place always seems to hit all the right spots when I want some good Vietnamese food. We ordered some pho and Mongolian beef and both were good. I was expecting some bamboo shoots in my Mongolian beef, but it was missing. Other than that, the food was good and I had leftovers from the beef dish- it was good enough to feed 2... Or maybe even 3.I'll probably come here the next time I am in town and want some pho.
1	HORRIBLE PHO.  I saw the 1000+ reviews so couldn't go wrong yet were totally disappointed; really questions those reviews.   Actually, this place is more catered toward westerners who know shit about Vietnamese noodle.  The broth was completely tasteless; just salt and sugar in water.   Beside the pho, try order something else .. Bun Bo Hue .. even worst .. how about egg noodle soup and wonton?  Not any better.  Would I try again?  HELL NO.  Would I recommend this place to friends?  NEVER.
1	Pho Kim Sucks!I really hate to write bad reviews but.. I am so scared to eat pho now ever since I've ate here.. The bo vien was not good at all. It didn't even taste like legit Vietnamese meatballs... It tasted so artificial and Americanized?... Also, the waiter asked us if we wanted a large or small but when the bill came out, the small bowl of pho was the same price as the large.... Uhhhhh what?.. I think this place is all just hype. There's nothing special about it besides the catchy name. The restaurant looks nice but food? Ehh... My friend is a true pho lover and can eat pho 1-2x a week and even she didn't like this place.... If you're a true pho lover, you'll know what real pho taste like..
2	Their seafood soup sucks: no variety and soup base is just fried onions in water. And we had to send it back because the soup was warm.   Order something else.
4	Thank you "random cosmopolitan valet guy" for leading us right to best place for pho in Vegas.  Pho Kim Long hits the spot big time. Broth is tasty and service is really swift. My friends ordered different kinds of Pho and were not disappointed.  I personally went with the non-Pho route and ordered the Bun Bo Hue like all my fellow yelpers and it was spectacular.  (Mind you, i'm not really partial to having a beef foot in my soup ... yeah, not really my style - but, it was the bomb. seriously, it was so good.) I'll be back.  I'll definitely be back.  BTW, the eggs rolls were good too.  Side note:  After you've inhaled your grub  - you'll notice that there aren't any cabbies waiting outside to take your semi-sober self back to your hotel on the strip, so you'll have to take a chance at hailing one right on Spring Mountain.  It feels kinda shady at 2a, but you'll be fine if you have a few folks with you. Side note 2: be careful of saying "pho-kim-long" out loud if front of your three year old. He repeats it out in public and people start giving your bad looks :)
1	This place is pretty packed for 3.5 stars but I'm giving them 1 star because I ordered pho and normally I like my rare steak on the side but this place charges $1 for that option. OK.. 25 cents I could understand but a dollar? It doesn't cost a dollar to clean an extra plate and I'm sure the plate isn't that big anyways. Oh and also hot tea is not free. $1 per cup. Is it just a Nevada thing or is it just this place? Our pho arrived and I thought WTH. Isn't pho dac biet suppose to have a lot of meat not like 5 pieces? My bf dug everything up from the bottom of his bowl and the picture provided is what it looks like. Not worth the money.
4	Four stars for their quality of food and how quickly it comes out. Their egg rolls are delicious, and they have a great com bo luck lac dish as well as their mi xao don. Most dishes are prepared quite well. My boyfriend loves their pho, but I am not a huge fan. It's not bad, it's just not authentic. It tastes as if they didn't have time to allow all the flavors of the star anise and herbs to get pulled into the broth itself. Probably because of their high rate of table turns. All in all, great food though... available 24 hours which is a huge plus.The only reason I only give them 4 stars is because they lack customer service and caring for their patrons. They seem to be so busy, that they just want you to eat and get the hell out. Lol! I guess I can't blame them... to go is always a great option if you're looking for quality food fast with no customer service. It's probably best to get to go so you don't get offended or upset by their service.
2	You really can't expect much, 24 hour pho place in Vegas..There's always a line and when they tell you 10 minutes, they really mean 20. I guess you really can't complain about Asian places...
5	Order the beer lol !!!!
1	Pho Kim Long is Pho Kim WRONG. I didn't come for the Pho. We had the orange chicken and the black bean beef. Both orders including the rice disappointed.The black bean beef was the better of the two dishes. The meat was chewy which I do not enjoy. There was about 5 tablespoons of oil at the bottom of the plate. Too greasy for me. The orange chicken looks delicious until you try to eat it. Some of the pieces of chicken had a really consistency. It's hard to describe. I'm scared it wasn't chicken at all. It was like no chicken I've ever had. Maybe it was old or frost bitten. The texture was not chicken. I could not get my around eating it at all. Rice. How do you mess up rice?  The white rice was over cooked and somewhat mushy. The brown rice was undercooked and hard. Service was initially very fast but we had to wait forever for our bill.   I was there on a Saturday night around 12a and the wait was short. With all the places Vegas has to offer. I would never go back to this dump.
5	This place is awesome! The pho was so authentic! We also ordered a sandwich, I must say that the bread was some of the best  I've ever had ! Its a must !
5	Service is a bit slow but the food is amazing. Despite the many times I've been there I haven't had a bad dish.  I always make it a point to eat here when I'm in Vegas. I've had the pho, fried eggplant in garlic, fried chicken wings in garlic, wonton soup with egg noodles, ong choy, steamed chicken, Singapore noodles, fish in black bean sauce, pan fried noodles, honeydew smoothie, thai tea and thai coffee.  All fabulous. There's been a wait most times I've been here but it's definitely worth it.
2	I will give this restaurant credit...I had a long night with some good friends and stumbled in here at 7:00am looking for pho. That being said, the food/ service was a little haphazard. I ordered the combination pho and it came out very quickly.  In my mind pho is all about the broth. Broth is a make or break thing and a good pho will have those amazing multiple layers of anise, coriander, fish sauce etc. this broth was missing something. Couldn't put my finger on it, but the broth did not have the flavor explosion I am accustomed to in pho. I wasn't bad per se, but I've had waaaay better pho. Bland. The service on the other hand was terrible. I almost walked out of the restaurant because the server helped two other tables that came in after me and still had me sit there for 5 minutes after. He failed to bring out my spring rolls and then hassled me when I asked to have my nonexistent spring rolls removed from the bill. Kudos for them being open 24/7, but there are at least 5 better pho joints with .5 miles. Go there.
4	Go to spot for Pho when visiting LV. You know this place is good when you see the line of Asians standing outside and overflowing into the parking lot. This place starts to get pretty busy around noon, so try to beat the crowd if you can because they don't take reservations. It's a dollar or two more expensive then the pho you're used to paying for at home, but it's good. I love all of their rice plates and side dishes too. When I go with groups we always get the greenbeans with minced pork and garlic. Soooo yummy! They're not too far from the strip either, so if you need to cab it, it won't be too expensive.
5	Best spot for late night noodle cravings. One of my coworkers brought me here and it is so good. It's always busy and there is always a short wait but that means the food is good. I have ordered the crab rangoons, Vietnamese spring rolls, Singapore noodles, lettuce wraps, and the rare steak pho. Everything here is so good and made to order so it is hot and fresh. If you're craving Vietnamese or Chinese food anytime of the day then come here.
3	This has to be the best "vegan" pho I've had in vegas , they fill that plate with goodies .. at some point i got tired of eating as it was way to much vegetables .. The noodles were soggy :)
1	i never wrote review in my life but today one server is making me to. i always come here and still might come but i am so UPSET. one server who brought us the dishes was extremely rude!!! dishes of my friend n i were switched n i didn't know so i asked. he said "i said thats number 13 " in a very rude annoyed way. then he just went away. also he threw other dishes at our table. I dont even want to give one star. My bf n I always give more than 18% tip however not today. I always order number 13 which is combination pho. there were no meats today. I wanted to say something but I was so upset already I did not want to say another word. I know this place is always crowded so the service isnt so good but i ate around 3pm. Also it never wasn't that bad. Today was the WROST EVER!! i'll go to other places
4	Overall:Been here twice and of the 1001 pho places in Vegas, this one inches higher than the rest, but still isn't perfect.Food: I typically order pho with brisket, flank and tendon. Tendon is hit or miss in most Vietnamese places. Both times i've been here i've had issue with it, the first time i got one small piece and this last time i got several inedible hard chunks. The broth is quite good though. I also get a Vietnamese iced coffee. I am used to it coming in the drip brewer at the table and pouring it myself, its kinda fun, but here they brew it in the servers station and deliver it in a styrofoam cup. not a deal breaker, but i like doing it myself.Service: Good. There is usually a wait to get in because of the popularity but there is ample serving staff and i never feel like i'm invisible or ignored. English is a second language for most of the staff so communication barriers exist but can be overcome with patience.Atmosphere: nice place, nothing major to note.
3	Came in late last night for dinner and saw a short line of people. Fortunately, service was swift enough and both me and my bf got seated almost immediately. This place is busy! Noticed that patrons tend to be either party-goers or families. Food is ok, not fantastic. I got the rice noodle with barbecued pork and egg rolls while my bf got his usual chicken pho. Didn't think too highly of the food, but when you are starving, it actually left me pretty satisfied. I can see myself coming here before going out for a party or after a clubbing night. One of those places to go to if you are looking for comfort food.
4	Wow, 24 hours of Pho that actually tastes delicious? You have GOT to be kidding me.We flew into Vegas and got situated in our home base (Treasure Island) at around 11pm. We got to Pho Kim Long, and giggled like idiotic teenage boys, at around midnight. The place was slammed. Super busy. We were seated immediately, and the hostess was incredibly friendly. We call this "Las Vegas" friendly. Like they're so used to tourists, it's just second nature to make the assumption that we're not from the area and treat us kindly so as not to destroy our vacation. There's a lot of this over there, and for that we're super grateful, being earthy, awkward Portlandians. We ordered our drinks (I just had water, my partner ordered a beer) and before my partner's beer even had the chance to arrive we were served our starter (the salad rolls), followed quickly by the two delicious orders of Pho. Their peanut sauce was splendid, and the pho makes this my second favorite of all pho places I've been to, ESPECIALLY at midnight! The beer, unfortunately, came toward the end of dinner which is a no-no as far as my partner is concerned. Given the volume of customers that night, and the wonderful food and friendly, quick service, it was forgivable enough for us to come back and order take away to take back to our room a couple nights later when we were actually craving that delicious soup! We cannot wait to order from them again, in house or take away, either way the food is just as wonderful!
4	Went based on reviews here and the reviews def were right.The place is very good. Nicer and more formal than most Pho places.  The vietnamese coffee was good but was shocked they go ahead and do it for you and put it in a to go cup.  Kind of killed the usual experience.  The salt and pepper calamari was great. The meatball pho was excellent and the broth was light and not oily. Lots of selection!!  Look at the whole menu before you order.  No tripe though ... which I was very shocked by,
5	Awesome and great service
5	This place is always packed with good reason. It's pretty amazing. I'd never tried Pho before but fell in love with it. I started ordering the vegan Pho and love that choice better. I don't prefer to eat meat so I like that option. I'm allergic to shrimp but still choose to eat their shrimp spring rolls because they're THAT delicious. The pricing is not bad at all and the service is good. Although it's always busy, the wait is never really outrageous. We go every Sunday as our family brunch and it never fails. Try it. ;)
5	You cannot come to this place without getting Pho!  My boyfriend always gets #14 with the rare steak and I get #20, the plain pho and add fried tofu.  As for meat, I highly recommend #37 or #38 (depending on whether you like beef or steak).  This meat has an amazing flamed grilled flavor.
4	This place was fun from start to finish.  It's 3am and the place is packed that's a good sign.  I have to wait for a table only 10 mins or so but the hostess was playful and funny so the time flew by.  Once seated the waitress was at the table and taking drink orders within a min of being seated.  There are a lot of choices on the menu.  The food was yummy and I will be back for sure.  All in all this was a nice change of pace for me and the total experience was fun and friendly.
4	The go to spot for a meal when you have a hang over after a long night of partying in sin city. Fast service and it's conveniently located right off the strip! Just be careful, super easy to cab there but super difficult to hail a cab back to the Telly.
2	If you want to wait 30 mins just to place your order, come to this place. Food is great but the service is lacking.
3	Even though I am Vietnamese, I don't like or crave for pho like some of my fellow Vietnamese peeps. And when I do crave for pho I am extremely picky since most places put way too much MSG. I am not a fan of pho kim long in the bay and I am still not a fan of it in Vegas. The broth to me is very medicore with too much MSG. Meh. We didn't have a chance to look around to see if there are other pho restaurants in the area since we wanted something to eat and then head back to the hotel to catch some ZZZzz.
4	I think that every time I come to vegas I hit up this Pho joint. I love this place because after a night of getting crazy in the clubs I wake up to find photos of us eating here. Lol The times that I have come here and been sober I've loved the pho. Also we never have to wait longer than 7 min for a table, even when it's 3 am and the place is crawling with drunkards. The serving size is good for the price you are paying. I usually get the Pho with beef balls and rare steak (in the soup). Most of the time the servers are quick to get our orders in and we usually get our drinks refilled in a timely manner. Love this place!
4	In our 5 days in Vegas we cabbed out to Chinatown 3 times to eat here....We are pretty lucky here in Vancouver to have access to an abundance of Vietnamese restaurants but I was excited to find something in Vegas with the same quality and taste as the restaurants back home.It is open 24 hours so one of my visits was after the club - it was busy but we didn't have to wait.On another night that we went to eat here there was a 20 minute wait but that was around dinner time so that should be expected.I had the grilled chicken on rice (loved it!) the chicken was tender and moist and it even had the criss-cross grill marks on it.On another night I had the beef pho and it was delicious. As with all food in the US it felt a little heavy on the sodium but it wasn't bad like the places that put tons of MSG in their soups for flavour meanwhile inducing days of thirst after consumption.On the night that we went after the club I had the chicken fried rice and it was really good. Huge portions so we even took the rest to go.The location is really convenient because it's on the outside of the plaza facing Spring Mountain Road.
4	It is a good Vietnamese restaurant.  Can get very busy but almost all the time it is reliable for those seeking a taste of pho.  It is open 24 Hours so I am amazed at how consistent it is.  The name is quite funny.
1	If someone says this is the best place for pho, you must be on drugs. First, the employees are douche bags. They didn't understand a word I said and gave me the wrong type of pho. And the thing that pissed me off the most is that the cashier expects you to know how much your meal was. If you go up and tell them you don't know, they stand there and tell you to calculate it. And in the customer point of view, THAT IS THE EMPLOYEE'S JOB. Then they just throw out a random number if you don't know what it is. Second, the soup to noodle ratio is inefficient. They provide more soup and less noodles. I'd rather pay for more noodles, I mean that's what pho is right, A NOODLE SOUP. I want to get my money's worth. Also, they aren't careful with how they handle their bowls. Since their is too much soup, it spills over the edge. And they don't even clean it up for you. I also tried my cousin's boba, and it was garbage.Overall. This was enough to influence my decision that I'm never going here again. The employees need to learn how to do their jobs and learn to have better customer service skills. I do not recommend Pho Kim Long for pho lovers.
4	Wooooooweee.. Pho Kim Long has quickly become one of my most frequently visited places during a Vegas trip.Why is that?Convenience? CheckAsian food? CheckGood Asian food? Check24-hour good Asian food? DING WE HAVE A WINNER!That's right folks. 24 hours of Vietnamese goodness. What better way to ease that hang over or cure that headache with a hearty bowl of food and a side of crispy spring rolls. I usually order my Pho Tai (rare beef Pho) or the beef or pork vermicelli/rice plates.Reasonable prices paired with good and quick service, you've had me at Pho!Lots of parking in the plaza lot, just make sure you drive into the correct one. Everything starts blending together if you are still feeling the night before.
2	The soup is somewhat bland, giving this place two chances too. The salt & pepper fried squid is actually amazing, I would recommend this over the pho. The tofu nuggets, I prefer this over the fried tofu. The service here is great and friendly though. I dislike how they charge you an extra dollar for leaving the raw meat on the side.
5	Ate here twice. Always packed!!! Amazing and fast service. Food are great and not pricey either. Will recommend to everyone, especially friends...
3	Extensive menu.  Food ok but a little greasy but otherwise not bad.  Typical service at a Vietnamese restaurant.
4	I've gone here soooo much that I've already made myself known as a regular. staff is AWESOME(well the ones I usually deal with are, on occasion I will get that random rude server/busser) and the food is EXCELLENT !!! This is a def must go when coming to Vegas!!
1	You can expect better quality service at Mcdonalds, this place was awful. we were ignored the entire time, server was rude, manager was EXTREMELY rude & unprofessional. He rolled his eyes and laughed at me while I was talking to him about our service & food.I used to enjoy coming to this place but I will NEVER be back & make sure to let everyone know they're very unprofessional & treat their customers like shit.
4	I have been coming to Pho Kim Long for about 7 years now and I'm glad to see it gain popularity over the years.  I recently came here for a quick lunch on what I thought would be a quiet Tuesday afternoon.  I arrived at 2pm and it was jam packed!  They have won some "best of" awards and that has really helped their business.  But with popularity comes the price increases!! Hey, it's a business and they want to make money so I get it.  They updated their menu with pricing and graphics, but the dining room is still the same.  What I like about this place is that they don't mess around.  You definitely don't come here for the customer service, because at Pho Kim Long customer service is non-existent. You come here for the delicious Pho.  I always get the plain noodle Pho.  For $6, you can't beat the price.  Sodas are $3 though.... Kinda high.  They are very fast and efficient and always refill your water without you having to hunt down a waitress.  Food comes out when it comes out, so don't expect them to course it out for you.SIDEBAR.....Their egg rolls are also one of my favorite things to get.If you're in the mood for some Pho and want a cheap place to go to with friends, come to Pho Kim Long.
4	Im come here very often at night time, and everything its excellent, BUT in the afternoon....  The service its juts horrible
5	After a long night, the only place I think of is Pho Kim Long. The only thing I think of is Pho. Its probably that hangover but this place is really good, for the location. My first time having it I thought it would be ok. But it would fix me up before heading back home after a crazy weekend. But besides that this place is 24 hours, their service and food are expedite! Must check it out!
3	We were visiting Vegas from NYC. INever used to think ny had good Vietnamese food until I tried this place. My sister recommended it as we needed to feed our kids something comforting like noodles and rice. The pho broth lacked that deep beefy flavor, it was even really light in color. Beef balls were like weird textured mini meatballs. Nothing was outstanding, just mediocre. But it must be a popular spot. It was pretty busy.
5	All the food we ate here was amazing. I love pho and this place has the best pho I've ever had! The service is great and the food comes out fresh and quick. This is definitely one of my top favorite places!
3	If you are in need of decent, cheap pho and various Vietnamese comfort foods, this place will not disappoint. Though not at the level of places in Westminster or San Jose, I feel the tranquility that only an ethnic foodie dive can offer to escape the strip.The pho is tasty, the fried rolls are satisfying and the pork chops are seasoned expertly. It's open all hours so spend the money on a cab and get your hungry self over there-it will save you money on that strip club you were considering. Plus a great hangover prevention move.
4	Awesome Vietnamese restaurant. Wish they have this place replicas in Dallas... Everything is really really good. We ordered Vietnamese egg rolls, clam with black bean sauce, Pho beef noodle, Ong Cho garlic vegetable and Bo Luc Lac (cube beef). Must go to this place if you are visiting from out of town and want authentic Vietnamese food!
1	Food is nothing more than ok. Service is horrible. I wish people would stop going there so they can learn their lesson.
4	Love the Pho here best hangover soup as my friends call it. Be prepared to wait for the table as this place is almost always packed. Being vegetarian I very much appreciate that they have vegan pho which is very yummy. Friendly and attentive staff.
1	horrible service basically told us to get lost.  Their name in Chinese is misleading.
4	Ive been a pretty faithful client I absolutely love their food. It's always busy so be ready to wait! Servers are pretty nice and so far I've had no problems with my order/food. The bathrooms are always pretty filthy and have a funky smell. BUMMER!  Pho? Um yummy! I am definitely a pho lover by far the best pho I've had. Nice and hot when it's served but not to hot which is prefect for me atleast. I always order the taro boba always taste exactly how I remember it an the smoothie is never to watery or too thick. Overall I am a pretty satisfied customer, My only issue is the restrooms otherwise I do recommend this restaurant.
5	I've been to this place probably half a dozen times now. It's the go to spot after a long night out or right before we go back to So Cal. I love the duck noodle soup and the calamari appetizer. The pho is also really good but the menu is so expansive with various Asian favorites, it's hard to just get pho. The service is quick even though it could get packed at times. Seems like both locals and vegas weekenders equally flock to this place. Portions are good and the price is right.
4	I'm from California and have had lots of good pho... this place is great. The broth taste really good and the noodles are perfect. Great pho for sure. We also ordered the chicken wings and egg rolls... they were just okay, still good through.Typically when I'm in Vegas, I only eat at Earls or the big buffets. I love pho for a cheap recovery meal after a long weekend of drinking, and this is the go to place! Great service and I'll definitely be back when I'm in town and feeling like pho. Then I happen to always run into cute girls there lol
4	LOVE this place! They have fantastic noodles (combination beef [#13] is my favorite), spring rolls/peanut sauce are addictive and you MUST have the Ong Choy sauteed with garlic cloves (#75). Sometimes they can go a little heavy on the sauces with their Chinese dishes, but just asked for easy sauce. Service is friendly, open 24/7 (BONUS!!) and their honeydew boba is SO good. Do yourself a favor and give this place a try. I promise you'll make it a regular stop.
1	I guess because it's open late they're getting decent reviews, but on the quality of food it's no better than any other Pho restaurant down in Chinatown.The broth was overly salty and for the price you're paying you're not getting a big bowl of pho.  Quantity is not just what I'm looking for, but you have to make up somewhere when quality is lacking.  Even in a Pho Dac Biet there was no tripe to be found.  How can that be?!  It's a staple.A good place to go if you want to order a plethora of other non-Vietnamese type dishes, but if you're looking for a good bowl of pho, look elsewhere.
1	Be very careful with your bill!!! Check it and check your change! Three times consecutively I have come here grabbing pick up delivery after work and the same guy always seems to " accidentally " add something to my order and " accidentally " short me $1 from my change... Really?? Mind you I'm coming to the restaurant at 3-4am... I have a feeling he can get away w/ this since most people eating at this time are drunk or w/large group of people. A dollar here, a dollar there.. That adds up. I feel like he's trying to tip himself..
5	Late night hunger at The Palms Casino and I turned to YELP. Punched in 24 hour restaurants and Pho KIm Long popped up. Pho sounded good and my gf agreed.It was around 3am and this place was busy! Got seated right away and took some time to read the menu. I decided on #13 special with beef. My gf had the chicken pho.The #13 was very tasty and filling, probably the best pho I've had so far. The spring rolls were good, nothing spectacular. We will be back.
1	I guess after the rapid growth of business, Pho Kim Long starts having some issue on their QC and customer service. Last time me and my girl went there, we found a cock roach in the soup and told the server about it. And guess what? He came check out the bug body and then took it away. Then he claimed that it was just some pepper they used to make soup and left a check then walked away. I can't believe this is how they treat their customer.
4	This place has some seriously good Pho and I just get vegetables in mine. But the broth is deep and flavorful, the veggies are steamed to perfection with some crunch left in them and the additions (bean sprout, thai basil, lime, hot sauce etc) make the place my happy place. I've brought lots of friends and everyone has become addicted- in fact, I refer to it as crack soup because eating it only leave me wanting more. Thank god there's enough in a large bowl for 3 meals!
1	1 star for being open 24 hours.Worst customer service ever. The guy that seated us gave us attitude and was plain rude. The pho was bland and wasn't worth the wait or the rude service.  No one ever came to check on us to refill our water glasses. Definitely will never go back.
4	Open all night, I ordered charbroiled pork chop and steamed rice. Delicious.
5	I've only ever had take out chicken pad Thai however every time I've been greeted at the door with a smile almost immediately. My order was place quickly and even on a busy Friday night my order was ready in approximately ten minutes. Even in a styrofoam take out container, it's delicious! Large portions make 2-3 meals too! Would highly recommend giving them a shot!
2	I will say this , initially me and my companion came 2 nights before and left because we got very bad service. In fact , we were sat down and people who were seated after us were served before us (and I'd love to know why). But we decided to come back and had a great time. I look forward to eating here again , and maybe next time able to give a higher rating. On holiday from Phoenix Arizona. My companion found this place on a foodie blog. We had spring rolls for an appetizer. Then combo dinner rice , with shrimp and beef , and a chicken platter.
5	Best rice plates in vegas. Affordable and open 24/7! Everything on the menu is good! Can't go wrong with this place!
5	I had #16 pho, really enjoyed it. I opted for the large (which is $1 more than the menu price) and had enough leftovers to take home for a huge lunch tomorrow. The portions are great and the prices are very reasonable!If you're expecting super friendly service from the waitstaff, you might be disappointed. Personally, I don't need to know my server's name (or need them checking on me every two seconds) to enjoy a great meal.The waitstaff is efficient, the food is prepared quickly, and though the restaurant was packed on a Friday night we had to wait less than ten minutes to get a table.
4	We got the #15 rare steak &brisket and an order of spring rolls and egg rolls and #14 rare steakThe pho is so tasty and they give you a pretty big portionMake sure to ask for the hot chili oil from the waiter, it's so tastyThe egg rolls were so good we had to do a 2nd orderIf you're in Vegas then you should def stop by
5	I admit, everytime I drove down Spring Mountain Rd. or passed the big billboard for Pho Kim Long, I would just bust out laughing. Just because of the name, I had to try this place out. Best thing is, I was hungry late at night and this joint is open 24 hours!Upon entering, it's in a regular old strip mall. There's enough parking fronting the restaurant. I didn't have many high expectations of this place. The seating reminded me of a traditional Chinese restaurant with round tables, rather than a Vietnamese restaurant.Service was ok, but not overly friendly. I got the shrimp banh xeo for the appetizer, which is a shrimp fried pancake with mint, lettuce and other conidments to wrap it in. Delicious, crispy but not too oily.I ordered the pho tai nam. I love their broth. Very rich, piping hot and tasty. Noodles were cooked well and not too hard or soggy. Plenty of condiments from the sweet basil, beans sprouts, garlic chili oil sauce, etc.  I would say the best broths I've tasted ever. Beats any broth in Hawaii hands down. I loved the food. Food came out fast. Service wasn't that friendly, but hey, if you are efficient and fast, I'm okay with that. Love that it's 24 hours and wished we had something like this in Hawaii.
3	Pho review. Be prepared to put your name on the waiting list. The hostess was rude. This place is packed so it better be amazing right? Also voted #1 pho in Las Vegas. So, we took our chance and waited for almost an hour. I'm only reviewing their pho. It was nothing spectacular. On a Sunday afternoon after a night of partying on the strip, their pho did it's job. One of my biggest pet peeves is when lemon wedged are served on the side with pho. Who does that?! No doubt, it should always always always be lime wedges!! Service was good. The other menu items looked good at the table next to us. However, we only had their pho. Make sure to stop by Lee's Sandwiches for the best Bahn Mi. It's only a few doors down in the same mall area.
4	This place is always packed! I guess that's a good sign that the food is good, but not so good when you are hungry!!!! Quic Tip: If it's packed, and you don't want to wait for a table, you can order your food to go, it's faster! Also you can even call ahead and they can have your order ready for you by the time you get there. Oh and if you are planning to go there on Sunday for dinner, be prepared to wait!  I always recommend this place to out of town friends who are looking for after hours grub, especially after drinking... and they never fail to impress. I think that they are a little bit pricey for a vietnamese restaurant, and the customer service could be a bit better on some days, especially when packed... but overall, i still like going here. My fave dishes are the grilled pork chop, salted fish fried rice, calamari and wonton noodle soup.
4	Food is fast, staff is okay. Love that it's 24 hours but they're always in a rush to get you in and out.
1	Worst customer service in existence!   It's kinda funny to see this in this day and age.   But,  if of don't mind the attitude the food is good.
4	Came here on a Sunday afternoon and was intimidated by the large crowd waiting outside. My friends said that they just HAD to have Pho and that this place was worth the wait so I angrily agreed.Went to get iced coffee from the Lee's Sandwiches next door, picked up some bread from a nearby bakery, and then we were called to sit down. To my surprise, the wait was only around 20 minutes.After placing our order, the drinks and food came out almost instantly; as in, everything we ordered was on the table within 5 minutes. I have never had my food come out that fast, but the hangry beast inside of me did not have time to question why or to be skeptical. I ordered Pho Tai and egg rolls. They both were delicious and quite satisfying. After adding lemon to my Pho Tai, the broth was flavored perfectly to my liking.The prices are reasonable, the service is lacking but adequate - what you would expect from a very crowded Pho place, but the food comes out quickly and tastes great. I will be back if I ever am in Vegas and in dire need of a good Pho restaurant.
1	i was the first time came to Las Vegas,I was so hugely when I arrived this resturant,I feel bad when I arrived,bad service,late food and bad food,I don't want to came again.
1	Horrible service, orderred food and got kicked out by scrawny manager that insisted on calling security and when asked why when one of our group members put their head down for being tired he ego tripped and wanted to fight but had security escort us cuz he was not man enough.... Unprofessional place. Go down the street one intersection over by the 15 to the other 24/7 pho place (tons better)The manager here is always rude and power trips. Will not return.
1	I swear to god I will never ever return to this place,  found a roach in the pho after I finished the soup, I told the server,but he didn't do anything about it, very bad attitude . I don't understand why the owner keep a such bad server working with them.
1	usually go to other 24 hour pho spot on spring mountain down the road( pho little saigon) late night but the people i was with pushed me into trying this place out.  the place looks nice but first impression of having to wait 10 minutes to be seated with a bunch of open tables cause the host was to busy flirting with the girls.  then it took another ten minutes for someone to even come by and take our order.  the food showed up pretty quick but easily sub par.  Rude stand offish attitudes from all the workers and manager.  People seem to just love this place cause they server large portions of poor soup all night long.  Im going to stick with my regular spot down the road.
1	Haven't been to this place for a while but finally decided to eat here since this place is open 24/hrs. The host was friendly but after being seated we waited about 5min to have our waters served and another 10min for someone to take our orders.. The main person I was concerned about every time I come with friends is the guy that is always at the register. He is very rude and gives you a smug look every time we ask if we can split our checks. He never speaks to you and is always in a rush to get your money so you and your party can leave.. No "have a good night" or a simple "bye". Food was mediocre and unpleasant and found a piece of plastic wrap in my food. Never coming here again.
3	First time here. The wait was not too bad. The hostess was super nice. But it seemed like the waiter took forever to come by and get our order. When he finally did come, he was obviously impatient and started tapping his foot. The food came out slower than anticipated for a pho place. Food was ok. Lettuce wraps were a little burnt. I may give it one more chance and order something different. Soups weren't anything spectacular. I'll stick to Pho So 1 for my pho fix.
2	Average run of the mill ehh Pho placeDecor: nice clean interiorPho is always the best hangover cure, however this place is an ehh.The broth wasn't as flavorful and I felt like they were super stingy on the meat and veggies.One plate of veggies for 12 bowls? Really. =[ The plate of meat had 5 pieces all about half of a baseball size of the thawed frozen cut meat.Overall - there are plenty of other Pho places that are better. Skip this one.
5	The broth is delicious. The sides are delicious. The late hours are awesome. I can have Pho any time of the day! The service is fast and friendly. I keep going back and will continue to as long as I'm in Vegas. I recommend anyone visiting to definitely check it out :)
5	Awesome pho and super busy restaurant!  It's so hard to find good pho anywhere, and this place is amazing.  The soup was minty, the meat was excellent, and the noodles were perfectly cooked.  We also got the bun cha gio thit nuong, and the meat was a bit dry but overall, the dish was pretty good.  I would only get pho the next time I come, as this place left me gave me a great impression.  The service is pretty fast and friendly, so we'll be coming back here during our next Vegas trip! :)
3	a must go to spot after a weekend of drinking!  the server is def funny.. came over and started to ask if we were hung over.. the food was ok.. of course sgv is better.. it's is def expensive..
1	the service here is like shitmat thang nao thang nay nhu cai lon cua con di me no .
4	I enjoy the convenience of a 24 hour pho place. Service is always okay but the food has never disappointed me.
4	My only complaint is sometimes the line is too long to wait.   I've been twice now and live it!  Excellent food, good service,  friendly staff (mostly).
4	Pho = the ultimate hangover food.This spot is quickly becoming one of my regular stops for lunch either the last day of a weekend in Vegas or just because in Vegas. The restaurant looks clean and the food is good. I can't really say for the other things and I'm not sure if it's because of a long night out, but I'm venturing to say this is one of my favorite pho restaurants I've been to. Keep in mind this place gets busy quick so bigger parties may have to wait a bit. Biggest downside though is it's off the strip so having a car is ideal.
1	Unbelievable. This place is a joke! The employees and manager are beyond ridiculous. Here is the story. My mother and I had gone right now and had ordered some food and one of the many foods we ordered was Chicken Pad Thai. When our dish came out and we ate couple chopstick full & looked at this so called "chicken" that was thinly sliced, chewy and what seemed and look like fat attached was simply "pork". Like any customers would, we called over our waiter, he took it back unsure as well than ANOTHER waiter aggressively came back with the dish and claimed it was chicken. We argued about this for several mins & because we didn't want to make a bigger scene we told him to take the dish back. NOW, this next part gets better. As we continue to eat our rest of the food, the waiter and his other employees gather around near by we were sitting and have the nerves to talk about our situation and laugh about it. So, as a customer I was furious. Asked for the manager to let him be aware of his employees behavior. Of course -_- manager isn't any better with his behavior so possibly that's why his employees aren't any better either -_- so anyways, manager comes to our table, not making any eye contact with me and fights for his employees (which is understandable defending his employees). Finally got an apology and ended the conversation. This gets even better, once the check arrives, we were charged for Chicken Pad Thai (in most case in other restaurants, the dish is taken off the check) so we only paid for what we only ate and with that kind of a crappy service, we didn't leave tip. As we were leaving, the manager came out to our car and told us we didn't pay enough. This is how the conversation went:Manager: "you didn't pay enough!"Me: "no, we paid for what we ate."Manager: "shut up!"So at this point, I was beyond furious and got out of our car and went up to him and he had the nerve to say he didn't tell me to shut up. So now I'm apparently gone crazy and hearing things -_- then he aggressively argues with me that I didn't pay enough, so I had to RE-EXPLAIN to him that we ONLY paid for what we actually ate and not what was taken back (since we didn't eat it!). This is where he failed miserably as a manager...not only did he verbally fight back, tell me to shut up, but he had his biggest nerves to tell me my service was unwanted there and for me to "go to hell". Uhm, are you serious right now?! How in the world can a restaurant manager say all that to a customer?????!!!!!! My mind was so blown away. Un-freaking-believe-able! For sure NEVER going back there and it is such a disappointment cause I been going there for many years now. I seriously think they are so full of it!     This doesn't even deserve a (1) star but I have to give something to leave a review...FML -_-
3	Good pho, less than average customer service. I like that it's open 24/7 ...go for lunch. Obviously get some pho ---try the grilled pork spring rolls!
4	Good food, quick service, clean restaurant. Only issue was parking, smaller spots and I drive a full size truck. It fit but tested my parking skills for sure. I will definitely be back!
5	The only Pho place I will go anymore, delicious, fast and great service. Their Spring rolls are like no other!
4	Love their Combination 13 Pho! Seriously best calamari in town! The tempura breading is on point! Favorite place for Pho. Service isn't the BEST but you get your food fast and its always the same (AMAZEBALLS) As far as the service, it seems as if every persona has once specific job. I.s..drinks, order, food runner, to go packer... but again, fav place in Vegas for pho!
1	My stomach hurts so bad as I write this review, I am definitely torching this place. This place is terrible! My whole family got sick after eating here. As I lay here feeling full of regret and in disbelief of how disgusting our dinner was here, my stomach is extra tender and sore and my mouth is numb and dehydrated. I'm full Vietnamese and this place is such a huge embarrassment and a disgrace to real authentic Vietnamese food. First offense - the goi cuon (shrimp and pork spring rolls/ summer rolls) were tiny and barely had any filling inside. A piece of lettuce, a tiny bit of noodles, a sliver of meat and 3 slivers of shrimp. Oh, and that so called dipping sauce was so gross! Super watered down. What a ripoff. Second offense - Msg was never really an issue for me and it never really caused me any problems, until I ate here. Also, my uncle is really sensitive to it and he had a lot of issues with his pho. He didn't drink any of his pho broth because it had too much MSG and by the end of dinner he started to feel sick. Third offense - the nuoc cham (fish sauce/dipping sauce) was so watered down, that I ended up asking them for 3 bowls for my meal - but even 3 bowls was not enough and I finally gave up. It was disgustingly bland. I was pretty much pouring sugar water onto my rice. Fourth offense - my pork chop was dry and the marinade was bland. The charring on the pork chop tasted artificial. Fifth offense - our tongue is all sorts of numb and shriveled up after eating here. I guess MSG does that to you. We're extremely weak, thirsty and dehydrated now. Sixth offense - the chow fun beef noodles in gravy (hu tieu xao bo) was so unappetizing and unappealing, I was in disbelief they served it to us. They overcooked the chow fun noodles so they broke up into a billion of small pieces when you tried to pick them up with chopsticks, the gravy was all watery and goopy. It was not tasty at all. With so many options in Vegas to get Vietnamese food late, this place is not one of them.
2	Used to be my favorite place,  but the last couple of times I went in were terrible.  The service was awful (I couldn't get a refill on my water,  and had to chase someone down to get my check) the portions were smaller,  and the pho was just not as good.  Very disappointing. I've switched to little saigon!
4	Good for a morning hangover. Good portions for a decent price. This place gets busy at night and in the morning on the weekends.  Thai Tea was disappointing though.  Lots of meat in the pho.
2	The food is not that great and it is the priciest vietnamese restaurant in town. The service is the worst thing. The waiters are so mean. Has No manner in customer service. Talk really rude to us when we ask some question. These people need to take a manner lesson.
2	Definitely not the top choice for pho during a Vegas getaway trip. I decided to try it out after hearing that it was pretty decent. WRONG. Right when we were seated, we were asked what we wanted to order FOUR TIMES within a 10 minute time period. Barely having any time to think, the manager asks after his second time, "Ready to order? There are people waiting to eat so you guys should hurry and make a selection". (He said something rude along the lines of that). They are basically just trying to get people in, take the money, and kick them out. This is definitely the worst customer service I've ever had in a restaurant. I ordered a #13 combination pho (the combo wasn't really a combo considering there was barely much variety in there)My friend ordered the steak rice plate, which looked slapped on without nice plating presentation. It was not worth the amount paid for the quality. I don't think I've ever had such a poor experience at a Vietnamese Restaurant. I see some previous complaints about the manager below and it is certain that he hasn't changed at all. What a dick. Please take this evaluation into consideration before going here to eat.
5	This is by far my favorite place to go for pho! The restaurant is clean & the service is great - even when they are slammed. For appetizers, you can't go wrong with the crab rangoon, calamari or egg rolls. Lately I have been changing things up & getting the wonton soup with egg noodles, it's absolutely delicious!! I highly recommend this restaurant. I know I will keep coming back!
2	I give the food 4.5 stars but the service sucks late night. Why be open when the clubs get out and there's no staff.
4	This place is great & is 24/7. I love their Pot stickers, spring rolls, egg rolls and their  Luc-lac steak. Plus their plain rice noodle Pho. Yum and I've never had bad service so that's a plus and our waiter Brian was excellent.
5	The Mongolian beef is Amazeballs and the lettuce wrap egg rolls! A good place to eat after a long night of partying lol
4	Food is great, service is slow. Think of everything you want as ask right away when the waiter is there, who knows when he will be back. Food was fresh and well prepared. Good flavor combinations.  Spring rolls were great.
2	So I've eaten here three times now and I think three times the charm was not. I'm such a foodie that I really wanted to like this place. It felt like it kept getting worse each time I came. My tummy was hurting after the third try. I've heard such good reviews but I guess it's only good when you are super hungry and taste buds are warped from clubbing all night.
3	I would of gave this place either 4-5 stars if it wasn't for the mute, slow service. I must admit though, their interior design makes this pho restaurant upscale than others. I've been to a good amount of pho restaurants here in Las Vegas and if you have too then you know that pho & drinks are served to you pretty fast.Now before I go on to my little rant, I must add that their pho is never a disappointment. What I always get is number 13 which is the combination pho which has a little bit of most things & the steak is flavorful. So good job Pho Kim Long for yummy pho ! But BOO for the lack of service you offer ! My boyfriend and I went and we ordered two #13 combination phos and I also ordered a tai tea boba. About 3 minutes later our pho is served to us but not my drink. You would of thought my drink came first, right? Well, I thought, "Oh, maybe they're still making it" so about another good 5 minutes passes by & my boba is still not served to me & I started to question my thoughts about this place. So we asked one of the waiters where my boba was and he just walked off without any acknowledgement or reassurance that it was coming. So we waited another 10 minutes and my boyfriend and I are just about done with our pho and still....no....tai tea boba. I asked another waiter, "Hi excuse me, I've been waiting for about 10 minutes for my tai tea boba now and I still haven't gotten it." & he got the job done but he didn't even apologize for the long wait. I got my boba just in time we paid for the check and the boba was great but ugh the service is whack. I need I add that we did go there during graveyard hours but still, you can't lack on a job especially if it runs 24/7 and stays busy.
1	This place used to be my goto place for pho and bun. Now, every time I go there it just plain stinks. It smells like wet rag. The service sucks, nobody checks on you, and it's too crowded. Gross. Never coming here again. Jenni pho is my go to place now. Cleaner, well decorated, and pho tastes better.
5	Hands down the best Pho restaurant in Las Vegas. Only complaint is the wait to get a table is sometimes really long (upwards of 30-45 minutes at times). In the end I think my complaint only plays into the quality of food they serve here. It's so good that everyone I know if willing to wait to get a nice hot bowl of their Pho. Added bonus is they're open 24/7 so you can get this delicious meal any time you want.
4	Always open with good broth. Definitely a good late grub after the club gets out.
5	I've eaten pho all over the country, and I have to say this is my top spot!! I have never had service so amazing, with a super sexy vibe. Everything we had was fantastic...let's not forget to mention its 24/7!!! If you need a cheap late night drunk food spot...I promise this is it.
5	Absolutely wonderful. We came here late night on a Sunday. There was a steady flow of people coming in. Our sever Johnathan was very helpful and fast. I loved the atmosphere. My standards of Pho has risen because of this place. I've never had such delightful and tasty soup.  I order the egg noodle won ton soup. My boyfriend had the #13 Pho. No complaints here, we just wish we had big stomachs. This is a 24 hour place to dine. Food came out super quick.
1	We placed a to go order and they left out one of entrees.  Once we realized when we were home and called them, they said there's nothing they can do.  No refund, nothing.  Very shady.
5	Best Pho I have had in my life! This place is so good its popular. They even have  a sign in sheet. That tells you something!!
5	I love coming here with friends after having a night out! Great service and great food!!
4	Place is very busy but well worth the wait. People in town say it's the best pho place to eat. My food has been amazing both times I have been there this week. Our server didn't listen to my order and when I told her it was wrong but I ate it she didn't care lol. I will still go back because it's that good.
2	Used to be my favorite, but not anymore. Don't know if my taste buds changed or if the food quality changed. I usually order the same thing everytime I come here, but everything tasted alittle different. I always order the calamari, vermicelli noodles and side of pho. 30 min wait to one hour is a norm here. Don't think it's worth it anymore
1	The food was exceptional. I enjoyed the broth. Nothing much to rave about. The cilantro and lime was a lot less than other pho places normally give. The ambiance is really nice and comfortable.What ruins this is the service. There was absolutely no attention paid to us. Over half the time I was there I had no water. I tried getting the attention of three different workers and was ignored. When two busboys were bussing the table besides us I asked one of them if we could have more water. He barely looked at me and said hold on with his index finger up. That whole time afterwards I was watching him and there were times he had nothing to do and still didn't refill our drinks. Even after making eye contact with him multiple times he still didn't come. That's when I decided to just leave. Just ridiculous. Something as simple as refilling a water was ignored.
4	Wow this restaurant is open 24 hrs! I currently reside in Prov RI, was on vacation in Vegas and was getting up at 8a and was craving for pho ( noodle soup), found this place on the Internet, and there pho is absolutely delicious and i was served right a way!! Deff will go here again when in Vegas!!!
5	One of my favorite places to eat after a long night of partying or if I just want some good authentic Vietnamese food. Fast cab ride from the strip and easy to call for a can back. Prices are pretty reasonable!
2	I have dined her 2 times. I always give most restaurants a few chances. The first time My experience was good. I enjoyed the Pho very much as well as the spring rolls. BUT today I was highly disappointed. I ordered the Wor Won ton soup and it was lacking a whole lot. No flavor to my broth what so ever. The pork egg rolls were warm, not hot. seemed like they were sitting for a bit before being served to our table. On a good note we were seated immediately upon arrival during the Lunch Rush Hour. Our waitress was fast, and friendly, She even fixed our bill for us as there was an error and we were charged for something we did not order. The Pho my brother Ordered was full of flavor. My suggestion is DO NOT ORDER the wor won ton soup. Stick with the PHO!
4	I used to hate this place. I can't get myself to eat pho at a Restaurant when we make it at home.The first time I went the service was so horrible that I do to even remember the food.Today I went for lunch with my friends and reluctantly got #13.. It was really good today. The serving was generous and it came out quickly. I know that can be a bad thing but it was a good thing today since we were hungry. The amount of meat for the price was good also. The broth was good and they have us a generous amount of herbs and sprouts.We got two appetizers the crab rangoons and the egg rolls. They were both good but nothing special.I took the time out to write this quick review because the service was so good today.Usually the staff is pretty short and rude.Today they were attentive, polite, and efficient. We had like 4 people help us.It seems with the increased business they're getting they took the time to improve the service.I was just really pleasantly surprised in the best way possible.I've had their drunken noodles which is a Thai dish that they actually do a really good version of.They have good food for sure so if you were reluctant to eat here because of bad service I'd say to give them another chance.
5	One night after a gig... Some friends took me to Pho Kim Long (no pun intended), although I've heard many good things about the place I was ready to see for myself..We arrived a little after 2am on a Wednesday night, there was a line and I didn't mind. I'd have to say that's the only negative thing I encountered.So for starters I ordered the Fried Potstickers and the Crispy Calamari. The potstickers were just perfect and full of flavor. The calamari I absolutely fell in love with! Fried to a perfect golden brown crisp, on a bed of cabbage and peppers with a cocktail sauce on the side. All the flavors were right and it made me want another order soon as I was done!For entree I had the Roasted Duck with Peanuts and a sweet and sour sauce. The duck was seasoned and roasted to a tee and the sauce along with the peanuts and cilantro really connected all of the flavors as one. One of the best plates of duck I've had in a while! I wasn't full although I was indeed satisfied. This is a nice place to go after a night of clubbing or even for a date. I will definitely be back again!
1	i came from san jose and i hear this place so good and i stop to fine out but supprire for me. very terrible for service take the long time for waiting list. the employees very discourteous. And the food is so bad.Price so expensive. nothing to remember this restaurant in my life.
3	Food is good, always a wait even at 3am. Service is pretty friendly for being a place that busy. The only thing so far we don't like about this place is the calamari, it is to damn oily.
2	I cannot believe this place has such high ratings, a line AND a recommendation from my taxi driver. Maybe the rating is purely because of the entertaining nature of it's name.I was getting my bracelet restrung at the World of Feng Shui during a trip to Vegas and got hungry.  I was by myself and thought, hmmm, let's get some Vietnamese since I'm right in the middle of Chinatown.....?Long story short.  I waited for 15 minutes.  They forgot to bring my 3 color bean drink (the very first thing I ordered).  The pho was average.  I asked for just tendons in my pho.  I love tendons.  There might have been 3 pieces floating or buried under my noodles.  The eggrolls were greasy and very small.  Maybe I'm just used to Westminster, CA or Little Saigon as it's known as.  Or maybe I made the mistake of asking my Lebanese taxi driver where to get good Vietnamese.  Or maybe I just should have stuck with Chinese food in Chinatown......
2	Been here a few times and as of last weekend, I won't be coming back. The Pho doesn't taste THAT great anymore (or maybe I just have to be drunk to enjoy it) and the service was rude and rushed. .. Would rather pay $20 for a bowl of Pho on the strip.
3	This is definitely the go-to pho spot post a crazy Vegas night.The soup is A-OK - but due to the limited selection, I will definitely recommend this place + Lee's coffee is right next door.Please note that they do not have tripe!
4	I love this place almost everything is good besides the chicken fried noodles it tastes like warm slimey salt water .. I'm not sure if that's normal. The Beijing beef is really good and I'm in love with the egg rolls.
5	Hands down best broth I've ever had. Ktown  in LA should be ashamed.Further more... Young coconut. So good.
3	Still excellent food with bad service.   But, it's ultimately the food that everyone goes for.  The egg noodle wonton is yummy. The number 1 was not no 1. Pho is flavorful.   So much on the menu and they make them all so well.  The service staff see you as an inconvenience not as a customer,  hmm.  That's the kind of abuse I have to endure to get the privilege of eating their truly delicious food,  so they had me at the hello followed by the curt, how many.  Love the food.  Addicted to it.
5	Great atmosphere and great food. Seated our group of 15 quite fast and easily. Definitely recommend to all.
1	Came in sat down promptly and order right away.  10,15,20,25,30min ..where's my food??? Saw about 3 different tables fill up..saw that they too ordered right away so 35, 40min..what do I see?? I see those 3 tables getting their food before me..WT.F!!!45,50min I think..I was too mad at this point or maybe an hour went by until I finally received my food..if the food I ate was any good (beef cube with brown rice) I would've given them 2 stars but it was bland and the portion was really small for $14..overall I don't think I'm ever coming back..what a wack ass experience.
1	Had high expectations since a lot of my friends raved about it. First off, the service is horrible. Took about 15 mins to get seated when it wasn't even that busy. Took another 15 mins to get our orders taken. Second, My pho dat biet came out super salty, my moms vegan pho the veggies weren't even cooked & salty & my dad's pho came out cold. Won't come back.
4	First thing first : the receptionist /waiter is cute looking! The setting of the place looks nice. At least much better looking than the other ph restaurants around this area.
3	As most have already mentioned, this good is perfect for hangovers. If you get this sober however, you might be a bit disappointed. The perks of Pho Kim Long is that it is 24 hours. The staff is friendly. The food is also cooked and ready within minutes. The best time to come is early afternoon. No wait :)
5	This gotta be the best pho I have ever had in my life~ If you plan to eat some Vietnamese food in Vegas, this is worth the drive or taxi ride for some nice clean, delicious, non greasy, light food~
4	Need a hangover cure while in Las Vegas? Well, come here!Likes:-Cheap. -Definitely good when you are craving something soupy and low-key have a hangover. -Service is quick. -Plenty of parking in parking lot. Dislikes:-Not the friendliest service, but frankly, most Asian restaurants, like this aren't.-It's not totally convenient since you cannot walk there if you are staying on the Strip, but it is definitely close enough to drive.  Recommend:Yes!
1	Took about 30 minutes for us to finally order and it took practically another 45-hour for the food which only took us 15-20 minutes to eat. Got our food before our utensils. Long story short: horrendous service.
5	I love this place!  I have been twice and I get the vegetarian pho.  It is excellent.  It's so fresh and is one of my favorite late night eateries.  It's open 24 hours so you can get your pho fix any time.
4	We ate here twice during our last stay in Vegas.  It was awesome both times.  The spring rolls were great.  Open 24 hrs and fast service.  We definitely will go back next time we are in town.  The 1st time was at 3am.  The 2nd time was at 11pm.  They were busy both times but the wait to sit was very short.  I had pad thai the 1st time.
4	I'm from NYC and this place beats ALL of the vietnamese restaurants we have here. Atmosphere - ALL asians! Ha! Food - Our food came quick. I got the a spicy beef noodle soup. Soup was so sweet and savory. So delicious. My bowl was not fill with oil either. Noodles were cooked to perfection. Spring rolls (they call them summer rolls)/fried egg rolls were so crispy and yummy!
3	Honestly, I wasn't expecting much from a Las Vegas pho joint. I mean.....usually I don't get beyond the Strip, but I was feeling adventurous and I had major comfort food cravings that Earl's couldn't satisfy. This place proved me wrong!The wait for 5 the Monday afternoon following EDC weekend was about 20-25 minutes. Not bad considering what a packed weekend it was and the families buzzing around.Got the Pho Tai Nam with tai on the side. They confused my order. I ordered a small, I got a large. I ordered tai on the side, they gave me tai with an extra order of tai on the side. It's okay, though! It was really THE hangover cure. The broth wasn't too shabby, a bit too much sodium for my taste, but I don't inhale the broth so it was okay.The smoothies are packed with powders, but still delicious. I'd get the avocado one over the mango one, though. The avocado powder is at least masked by the creaminess of the milk and had a better aftertaste. The decor is extremely modern! I was pleasantly surprised. I'm not sure why I was expecting something more rundown with 70s decor, haha. Maybe I'm just used to frequenting those types of joints. Just don't come in here with high hopes of having a deep conversations -- all the sounds are literally bouncing off the walls. I think it's the "yay I'm cured from my hangover" happiness that reverberates through the walls, but the yummy soup could also the case :).
5	Great place outside the strip! Open 24 hours a day. Awesome pho. Their chicken wings with the Kim Long sauce is really good too. There's always a crowd waiting but the wait is never more than a few minutes. Highly recommend this spot!
4	I had this place bookmarked since my last trip to Vegas (June 2013) but had never had a chance to try it. With my most recent trip to Vegas being a bit longer of a stay.... finally, I had enough time to make it out to this 24/7 pho joint. I'm glad I did!! First off, the Crab Rangoon was so good that I ordered a second order... (don't worry, I was sharing haha). So definitely try that!  For my main dish, I ordered the beef and flank pho... sooooo delicious! I think I'm getting the hang of how to eat pho! I'm still quite the novice pho eater, so I don't have a bunch to compare to... but the pho I had in Hawaii was on par with this establishment. To be honest, this place was a lot bigger than I imagined and a lot nicer, too. For a place thats open 24hrs a day, I figured it'd be a little hole in the wall... but there is ample seating and the ambience is surprisingly a slight step above casual. (Though you can stroll in here casual, dont worry).
5	THIS place is awesome! Im from the bay area, and we happened to be in vegas for EDC.  I was craving pho only cause we always have it at home, and i was out there for a dam near week! i was tired of spending 50$ on buffets and bogus food so decided to yelp for some comfort food.  Took a taxi here, it was about 15$, waited about 20 minutes and was seated right away.  The prices are generally the same.  The interior is awesome very nice inside.  we ordered bahn xeo, 2 bowls of pho, vermicelli, calamari, and spring rolls.  IT WAS ALL GOOD.  the servers were very attentitive and all this came out to 50$ for 3 people. bravo definitely coming back when were in town! i loved it
5	This place is the SHIZ NIT!! It's open 24 hours for those late night Pho cravings but they also have all types of family style dishes like roasted duck, saute shrimp & chicken, rice plates, etc.. This is the perfect spot to satisfy those late night hunger probs after a long night of clubbing at Hakkasan, Marquee, Tao.EAT. SLEEP. RAVE. REPEAT
2	Order 3 items. Nothing was served until I asked their server again. Still waiting for my last item. Btw their pho is just so so.
5	A good bowl of pho for a reasonable price. Got a large bowl of the combination pho for $9. The soup is as close to homemade as you can get at a restaurant (especially in Las Vegas, NV). Small selection of meats, but the meats that they do offer are good. They pile on the meats but don't give you enough noodles. They are generous with the vegetables - I asked for extra basil and limes, and they gladly gave me a small plateful. We came late night at around 11pm, and there was a waiting list and full lobby. It took about 20 minutes for my table of 10 to get seated; our order was taken within 5 minutes and came out in the next 10 minutes. The service is fast but not attentive. The environment is loud and somewhat chaotic, well decorated. Definitely will come here again for a late night eat. Pros: food comes out hot and fastCons: none
4	This place is LEGIT especially after a long night of partying. Best hangover cure spot in Vegas! I use to crawl in here to get their medicine.This place got the right broth for me. I usually order Pho Dat Biet, the "combination meat " and depending on my mood I have a few go to appetizers I like. The SPRING ROLLS are always good, CRAB RANGOONS are also tasty and also I love to get the SHRIMP MAYO w/ WALNUTS. Try those!I recently went and it looks like they renovated the decor to a lil bit more modern look and you really can't blame service. It's usually really packed and the food comes out pretty quick.And on top of that it is open 24 hours!!!!
1	thumbs down! This is the worst service in China town or all of vegas. We have been there 3 times out of convience and each visit has been more disappointing, we will not return. THE Service is Teribble and on our third visit and first serious offense the manager was Very Rude and basically told us he did not need us. I was polite and patient the manager defensive and rude. But it was a simple complaint we did not get the food we ordered and the manager was Very rude to us when we Tryed to get the order correct he told us we had to pay for the wrong food.
1	I was there today. After left i just have only 1 thing go around in my mind: Why they could get "The best restaurant" ???!!! I got Pho, nowhere can beat it about the bad taste.Broth and meat, both was so bad. My wife ordered a Bun Bo Hue (her favorite at all) then it disapointed her to such an extent that she couldnt finish it. Of course each person has different taste but i dont want to pay that much for the stuffs not worth it (everything there has a higher price than the others). Not in mood to go back when in Vegas next time.
3	I always enjoy coming here when I'm in Vegas. Like any of the buffets, this is one of the must stop places.  The food is good and isn't too pricey.  Some of their portions look a lil small when your stomach is growling at you because you've realized just then that man/woman cannot survive on just alcohol and chlorine alone. LOL.  But, it's just enough to satisfy your hunger. I love that this is a 24 hour spot. Too late and you will see some drunks in here acting stupid but nothing over the top to get 'em kicked out. The wait staff are all pretty irritable seeming. LOL. I am not shocked. Their Pho isn't bad but it was a lil too salty for me. My godson, 3 years old, loves their egg rolls and their chow mein. He also likes their grilled pork and chicken. Visits here tend to be with our family who are also out in Vegas, either living there or other family who are just visiting, like us. There can be a wait. So, be prepared for that. And make sure that you give the host your name and that he WRITES IT DOWN on his clip board. Otherwise, you'll be passed up a few times.  I think that was the part that my husband disliked the most.  We'd been standing in the wait area for a while and nobody came to seat us. All of a sudden, 4 punk kids walk in and all of a sudden they are being seated. NOPE. My husband walked past those 4 kids and sat down, knowing that we should be helped first. The kids didn't say anything. They knew that we'd been there before them. The host was confused and my husband had to explain to him what had happened. The host said that he thought that we got there after those kids who he saw just walk in moments before he motioned to them to come and sit.  Anyway, my husband talked to the manager and all was well.  That was just the one time. It hasn't happened ever again since then. Food is good. The prices are about right. The pho broth tends to be a lil salty at night. The egg rolls are my godson's fave. They accept cash and card. There is parking all over and it's a 24 hour spot. I don't think you could ask for much more.
4	I was in town last month for edc.  I'm from NY, so we have some pretty decent pho.  The best is still the one my sister and mom makes.  Every time my bf and I travel to the west coast, I always want to try the pho in town.  Pho Kim Long definitely hit the spot.  I was hesitant at first to pick this spot.  Many of the previous reviews had mentioned about the waiters being rude.  We are from New York, we know what rude is!! We didn't have any problem here.  Deco:  it was very simple, many big family tables.  My bf and I were seated at a table that fits 6 people.  We had the entire table to ourselves, even though there were people waiting for a seat.  In NY Viet restaurants, they would easy make you share a table with total strangers!  Overall, the restaurants and waiters seems somewhat clean.Food:  I had the pho with sliced raw beef.  The broth was very tasty.  I very much enjoyed it.  I have to say that it was comparable to the pho in NY.  It tasted just as good but cleaner.  It sounds strange but if had the pho from pho bang in ny, you would know what I mean.  Service: the waiter was attentive and quick.  I'm there for the food, not to make friends.  I just got out of airport security, 5 hrs flight, 1 hr car rental line, I just want quick good food!  This Viet pho spot definitely satisfied my taste buds and made the trip well worth it.
4	One of my favorite pho joints.Pho:The pho here is definitely on point. The broth comes out steaming hot and the broth is seasoned so well. This is one of the places where the broth is so good you'd clean the entire bowl out. It's addicting how good the pho is here. My equally just as good favorite dish to order here is the calamari. It's literally the best calamari I've ever had. They deep fry in a way that isn't super crispy but also is kind of soft in a way. I don't know how they do it but its the perfect deep fried texture. Also, the portion that they give is enormous! It was just two of us and we couldn't kill the entire plate of calamari.Service:Service here is okay. They seat you quickly if it's not busy and the food comes out quick. If you get pho, it always comes out before anything else does. The waiters were quick with the refills but if you're there for a while the service get slower and slower. It took us a while for them to realize I was trying to flag them down. Then it took even longer for them to get the check out to us. Service here is my only complaint.Best part to this restaurant is that it's open 24 hours so you can get your pho craving in anytime.TLDR; Good Pho and Calamari. Bad service.
4	It's bomb! But the customer service sucks! To be honest...almost all Asian restaurants have horrible customer service. But nonetheless I've been coming here for years for pho. Though i do recommend you coming here at the end of your day/night. Because you are what you eat..no really... you end up smelling like you took a shower in pho afterwards..  Cologne/perfume won't help...don't even try it...home should be your next destination...don't even stop for gas
5	This a staple return spot every time we are back in Vegas. Best Vietnamese in Vegas. Stop searching Yelp, and come here.
2	My friends and I came to Pho Kim Long to eat dinner around 8PM. Upon first impressions, I liked the decor of the restaurant. It was nicely decorated and roomy. We were also seated immediately. We all sat down, thought about what we wanted to order... 10 minutes had gone by after we were seated and no one came up to us to ask us what we wanted to drink. A couple of minutes later, an older gentleman took our orders. My friend and I both ordered Pho Dat Biet (special combination tender beef noodle soup, $8.75), my boyfriend ordered half of the Ga Chien Gion (deep fried chicken with fried garlic, $13.95 for half chicken), and my other friend ordered Com Chien Tom (shrimp fried rice, $11.50). Here came the most disappointing part. I'm not exaggerating when I say that 30 minutes had literally gone by before the first dish came out, and that was my boyfriend's deep fried chicken dish. I thought that this dish was pretty good. It wasn't too salty and I loved the fried garlic. Do note that this dish didn't come with rice so you would need to order it on the side. At this point, I'm starting to look around the room hoping to catch the attention of the workers to see if they had brought out our dishes. 5 minutes after the fried chicken came out, both of the Pho Dat Biet came out. Honestly, I didn't think that it was too good. The broth wasn't anything spectacular and for the "special" bowl of Pho that we ordered, there was barely any beef, tripe, tendon, and all the other components that goes in the special. At this point, my other friend who had ordered such a simple dish of fried rice STILL has not received has order. We started trying to track down the employees and finally managed to spoke to one about how we haven't received the last dish of fried rice. There was a couple who was sitting nearby us, who were seated way after we were seated and had managed to receive their food order BEFORE we even got ours! And how is it that the fried rice would be the last dish to come out? Makes no sense to me.... So about 10 minutes after both of the Pho dishes came out, my friend's fried rice finally came out. It didn't look too appealing either... He also mentioned that some of the parts in his fried rice were cold and not warm at all...I don't know what happened with our order honestly. Pho Kim Long is open 24 hours, which is great for people who want to grab a late meal after EDC, clubbing, etc ;]. Since Vegas is the city that never sleeps, I'm sure many people there appreciate how late Pho Kim Long is opened. It's possible that at night, they don't have as many cooks in the kitchen or they simply forgot our order... who knows! I most likely wouldn't visit Pho Kim Long to eat again unless I desperately needed some soup or Pho late at night!
5	Benz is the greatest! He remembers exactly what me and my boyfriend order every time I come in after work and pick up food to take home. I get honey garlic pork chops just ask for extra sauce because sometimes they tend to cook on the dry side.
4	Went here last night with a couple of friends for the first time in a while because they were craving pho.  It was a fairly busy early Saturday morning.  We were sat pretty quickly which was nice, happy that they have such a quick turnover for tables.The food is consistently good every time I come here.  Today the dish I usually order (pork chop w/ baked egg) was extra delicious!  They had a special salt & pepper eggplant that was pretty good as well.The only reason I took away a star was because they forgot my drink order and when I asked for utensils they also forgot to bring some by.  They didn't check on us after all the food was dropped off and we had to go to the counter to get our check.But all in all, still a great late night place to get your Asian food fix after a night out of clubbing or work!
5	LOVE. I come to vegas basically just to get their chicken wings and bun. My favorite Vietnamese restaurant ever.
4	It was pretty packed but our party of 3 none the less was seated within five minutes. The servers definitely pay attention and were at our table to take our order the second the last menu was set on the table. Brown rice as an option is great for us semi-conscious eaters lol
1	WORSE MANAGEMENT EVER. I came back to this place a year later with my whole family because i enjoyed it the last time we went and the prices were reasonable. My family ordered food that is SUPPOSE to come with rice. The server never told us that a cup of rice would be charged on each person. Who would think rice, so simple and given, would cost so much. When we found out that they charge $15 extra on our bill when it was ALREADY expensive, we questioned the manager about it and they argued with us and told one of the employees to take all the rice, THAT WE WERE EATING, away from us. What happened to customer service and how the customer is always right? What are they going to to do with the used rice? Hopefully throwing it away. But who knows, with their greediness and disrespect to the customers, they must use the used rice to make the fried rice.
4	This is my favorite late night place after a night of drinking, and for takeout when I'm sick. The pho is great and the ingredients and everything are really fresh, i love the veggie pho and it is full of fresh veggies. I like their bob a teas as well, its always open and always really fast. The service is not the friendliest, but they are probably dealing with a ton of drunks like my friends and I so I'm not too picky.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!! I don't usually write bad reviews but place this deserves ZERO stars. They increased and over charged everything on the menu. While eating we were already disappointed how terrible the food was compared to before. When the bill came out, we realized they ripped us off. We ordered tons of food, they brought out white rice and charged us $15. First of all, a bag of rice is $25 that will last you for a year. They freaking charge you $1.50 per small bowl...WTF??? We didn't even ask for rice and they brought it out for no reason and refused to refund us the money until we argued with them.I would never come back and I would not recommend this place to anyone. There are tons of restaurants around, there is no reason to come here. Steam chicken $26Ca Kho To $18.90Canh Chua $18.90Coconut (not fresh) $5.50Fried Tofu (4 )  $10Rice - $15 for a bucket Vietnames food should not be this expensive. This place is NOT an upscale restaurant. I rather spend this amount at a Thai, Japanese,  or other upscale restaurants. Coconut is usually $2.50, Ca Kho To is usually under $10. If the food was superb, I don't mind paying for it but it wasnt.
5	Recommended to me by 2 different Vietnamese friends. I love the Pho and egg drop wonton soup here. Egg rolls were great too. The place is always busy which is a good sign and its open 24hrs which is awesome. For 2 people the bill was only like $35 and we were full with 2 large Pho, 2 coconuts/water, and egg rolls. I will definitely be back.
4	Pho Kim Long is the perfect last meal before you endure that five-hour ride back to Arizona.  And why not?  Food is always light and fresh!After indulging yourself for days in The Entertainment Capital of the World, give your kidney  and wallet a rest and come here for some cheap good eats.  I like their egg roll bun with a side of spring rolls.  Nothing like a light vermicelli dish with all my favorite vegetables and some fried fatty egg rolls to soak up all the boozing and food from Sin City.  The prices are reasonable and service is fast.  I don't normally want something hot for the car ride home since it makes me sleepy so bun is the way to go for me.  Maybe one day I'll try their pho.Anyways, Pho Kim Long is 24/7 so it's a perfect for all the clubrats and the hungover boozers.  Chances are, if it's after midnight and you're there, you're probably a clubrat or a barfly yourself.  We're all just one big family here.
4	Is it Westminster pho??? Hell no but is it still the only place to go in Vegas after a hard night of partying and drinking ... YEA!! If you have been to Vegas a lot then you know this place is famous ... If you haven't been to this place you probably are one of those morons who only stay on the strip ... Just an FYI ... Life does exist off the strip and it's damm good Always bring friends to this spot Always order egg rollsAlways leave satisfied :)
5	#13 Pho - large is my go-to favorite when a bit dehydrated and hungry from the LV sun!  Staff is efficient and quick.  Lines move fast, and the food is always dependable.  Great to grab breakfast!
5	Best pho in town! This place gets packed fast!!!! So show up before busy hours if you know you're gonna be hungry for food here. We've left the place a couple times because the wait list was pretty long. I have kids so their hunger wouldn't last the wait time.
3	Came here to satisfy my late night hunger. Open 24/7! This place is ok. Nothing close to amazing but satisfying enough for me. They don't have tripe & their boba is nasty & old. Full of loud drunk people & couples who are arguing for everyone to hear. I guarantee you will get a free show to go with every meal, entertaining & full of drama if you come after 12!
4	Came here for the 1st time on Sunday after a sleepless night. I was starving and wanted a quick breakfast that was on the way home because I was really wanting to finally get some sleep. It was 7 am and this seemed to be the only place open in Chinatown so it was my perfect opportunity to finally try it.I was craving pho the last couple weeks which naturally guided me to select from the pho section of their extensive menu. I went with a #13 which was a beef combination pho and included meatballs, tendon, rare beef and brisket. The broth and noodles were right on point with its flavor and wasn't too bland or strong like at some other spots. The meats were good, except for the meatballs which had a weird taste to it. This is a fairly large restaurant and probably the biggest pho place I've seen. Do people have parties here like they do at Chinese restaurants? Let's have a pho-king party! Being 24/7 definitely is also a plus and I'll have to keep this place in mind for late night or early morning outings.
4	I came to try the Pho' of course..... but the calamari was the star of the show!!!Seriously, very tender, flavorful, green onion topping was amazing!!The Pho' was good, very good.... definitely worth stopping in..... but for sure get the calamari!
3	Amazing food, I wish they'd hire more people though. But, every time I go, the waiters always take too long to refill my water. But as for everything else, it's a good place to eat late at night.
4	Can't go wrong. A clean, modernized decor, and everything we ordered (beef and chicken pho, fresh spring roll) was above average.
1	I MADE A YELP ACCOUNT just to share my experience !! Okay so straight to the point.. I found a SCRAP/CANNED piece of METAL inside my boba smoothie ! This is so disappointing & especially for one of the top known Vietnamese restaurants in Vegas. I took my smoothie home because I've gotten full from their food but as I started drinking my smoothie... I don't know if the little piece of "sharp" metal was in my actually drink or in the boba balls but regardless it SHOULDN'T had even been in the drink !!! Huge warning/red flag!!! It's sad.. The food was pretty good. But I'm never coming back. Chew your food carefully, you never know what you could potentially be swallowing.
4	Awesome local Pho joint with delicious options and best of all, open 24 HOURS!Pricing is not bad. I've been here with the husband before, as well as friends at Bachelorette parties or just in regular settings. Great place to get food in the middle of the night as well as during the day-time.
4	Have always been a lover and returning customer at Pho Kim Long. Yes, the hype on this place is a little over-the-top but I can understand, their pho broth is #1 and Pho Saigon 8 is #2 to my taste buds! Can't beat them, they're just too delicious. I've been their customer for about six and a half years now and probably visited this restaurant more than 80 times. Highly recommend their springs rolls (which is a bit over-priced but it's tasty so it's worth the extra few dollars $$), their fried egg rolls, lettuce wraps, and combination pho! They have other selections that aren't just Vietnamese cuisine but that of Chinese, Thai, Korean, and Japanese (very little but still present).Their prices have increased over the years but their taste still gives them the huge reputation they have. Sometimes my visits vary a bit with them when it comes to their service; either they're really awesome and friendly OR they're lifeless and non-attentive. Asides that, I suggest you give this place a visit so you can decide whether or not Pho Kim Long lives up to their name.
5	We had pancake (banh xeo), braised fish in clay pot (ca kho to) and stir fried veggie - all were awesome. Quick seating despite lines of people. Avocado smoothie is a winner as well!
5	A must when in Vegas and want great food,Busy place but I understand why.Everything was perfect!
4	When I'm not eating pho, my other options are chicken pad Thai which theirs are good and Hong Kong style chow mein (crispy noodles). Every dish I have tried has been satisfying, can't complain. This spot is great for after drinking with friend, just lately the wait has been approximately 20 minutes. Vegas heat sucks!!!
2	Waited 14 minutes after being seated for our order to be taken. Not a good start. Food arrived 22 minutes in. The shrimp spring rolls were not good, tasted old (we arrived at 10:30am, possibly made the prior day). The pho is salty, but that seems to be the trend, but it was not bad.
5	mmm my favorite pho place in town! I've been going to Pho Kim Long for years and they definitely offer tastiest and most fulfilling pho.  The special combination runs a very reasonable $8.
5	Its not only pho kim long. Its pho kim AWESOME!ProsGreat FoodFast ServiceGreat PricesGood portionsOpen 24/7Con - Wish they didn't use MSGParking challenging sometimes.
4	Pretty yum.  They were short on everything because it was EDC weekend, but the dishes tasted authentic and were satisfying
3	This is always where we end up when we want pho in Vegas. I believe it's the biggest one but it gets so crowded that you'd probably wait less at a smaller one. Its off the strip across the 15 freeway near china town. The pho isn't that great and it's pretty pricey, but who cares when you're hungover and you just want food. Don't get the meatballs. It falls apart and doesn't have that firm texture. The service is OK. Always have to ask multiple times and there's this one old man who hates his job. The eggrolls are pretty bomb though.
1	The star is not for the food is for the service is a shame good food but bad bad service
4	This place is open 24hrs!? I came for lunch. Superrr hungover. And my usual pho place was randomly closed! Came here because of the time heh heh. And stayed because there was a wait, and when there's a wait the food must be good, right? I got pho tai and it was really good. I don't usually drink all the broth but this time I couldn't help myself. We also got the vermicelli pork dish which was also good! Our bill was less than 20$ and there was so much food!
3	Delicious food! Great decorToo bad I can't say the same thing about their service.We were in a party of 3, they brought one dish out and took forever to bring out the pho.
4	Just visiting from out of town and had dinner at this spot. Food was just what I needed (combo pho). Hesitated because of the bad service reported in the previous reviews, but my experience was great. Service was fast, efficient and friendly. Only 4 stars since I am from out of town- can't give 5 stars to a place I've only gone once.
1	This place wins the worst pho in Las Vegas. They give pho a terrible name. I decided to try this place regardless of the bad reviews and it was a waste of my $20. I had a small pho tai and my girlfriend got a small pho tom (shrimp.) The broth was watered down and tasted nasty. The portion for a small $9 bowl is ridiculous. I had literally 3 pieces of steak. The shrimp was undercooked. Barely any noodles. They don't even have black pepper at the tables. What kind of "Vietnamese Cuisine" is this? I understand it is also Chinese but the menu is in Viet with English in small font, so why is the pho phoking disgusting? I am Vietnamese and take pride in my culture and especially the food. I would never recommend this to anyone and I will never step foot in here again. Truly disgusted. Waste of time. Pho jenny down the street for late night pho even beats this place. Yuck!Also, the service is horrible. Once you get your food, they don't come back to check on you. I had to get up to ask for more limes to try to make the soup bearable.
1	I've been going here since I was little on family trips to Vegas. So I know how much it has changed. This use to be the spot where we'd invite family and friends to eat whenever we're all in town at the same time. The food here is no longer good. I think due to the 24/7 hours, they've changed the way they make their food and it's no good. The pho isn't good at all. The soup doesn't have the beef flavor in it at all, it just doesn't taste how pho should taste. The service here sucks. You're already waiting in a long ass line just to finally get in and wait some more. Once you're seated, the waiter/waitress will just give you your menus and leave...not even dropping off water. Sometimes it'll take almost 30mins until they comeback to take the order. The last two times I went were not good at all. I went with my friend and we were seated in a corner and completely forgotten about. Another time, I went with my parents and sister. My sister ordered the chow fun and the waiter messed up our chow fun order with another. When we told him the order was wrong, he got the chow fun from the other table and gave it to us to eat...the other table had already eaten out of it...The prices have gotten a lot more expensive as well.
3	This place had a cute setting and it was huge!  didn't think it would be that big until I went inside.  the pho here was okay.  I wasn't impressed.  I like the other pho place more, but I don't remember the name.I also got to try their bun bo hue and didn't really like it either.overall, it's okay but I've had better
5	Best Sea Food Chow Fun, Pho and spring rolls in Vegas. The staff is also really nice.
3	The 24/7 pho spot. I've been here a few times. One time at 7 in the morning they were bumping EDM. Not cool when you're hungover. Other than that, the food is decent.
4	This place open 24 hours and I love it was a great foodVery good times whit my son it's a good place to comeI very happy to come this place you have to try and put your review. Thanks
4	This place is the "it" from Chinatown! The food is excellent and it comes out really fast! Everything is very savory and fresh. The best appetizer is the eggrolls accompanied with the greens and I always get #23 with extra shrimp added. The only down part is that the place is always packed and the servers are really cold-dry! (I guess that makes it more authentic) lol The Hispanic guys that are there balance out the service. They're very attentive and nice.Worth to try! I'm a regular.
1	I really wish I didn't have to write this review. But if I don't share this experience, I'm not being true to my Yelp self or my fellow Yelpers out there. Every restaurant has a bad night and I have been going to Pho Kim Long since before moving to Las Vegas. The service is efficient and the food always delivers, whether you are there at 7pm or 4 in the morning. But recently I had an experience that has put me off of my beloved go-to spot possibly forever. It all started on a busy Friday night around 3am. I had a craving for some Pho after work. We had to wait about 15 minutes for a table because they were jam packed, slammed, crazy busy. No problem. I get it. Not the end of the world. However, once we were finally sat all the way in the back in a corner, nobody came to take our order. There were servers, bussers and runners all scurrying around us too busy to even take a beverage order. The first 10 or so minutes I can forgive but when I actively am trying to flag someone down and literally every employee refuses to make eye contact, even I start to get frustrated. We became the table that time forgot. 15 minutes...20 minutes go by.25 minutes in and we still don't even have a glass of water. We have now been at Pho Kim Long for a total of 40 minutes with nothing to show for it. But I refuse to be that person who makes a scene and leaves, so I wait it out. I FINALLY flag down the guy bussing the table next to ours and he brings us some waters and promises to send the server over. She comes over looking rather (understandably) bedraggled and we very politely put in our order after explaining our situation. She offers no apology and acts as if it's not a big deal. So I'm a little peeved at the lack of reaction. But my pho is on the way and my stomach is growling. My beautiful bowl of soup is placed before me and I turn my attention away from the negative experience and grab my chopsticks. And then I see it...gently floating amongst my rice noodles, swimming in my delicious broth without a care in the world is...a...COCKROACH. I stand up, push my bowl away and just point in astonishment and horror. My confused dinner companion sees what I am pointing at and flags down the nearest employee who proceeds to whisk the dish away before I have a chance to gather my wits and take a picture. So now we are both standing at the table trying to figure out what to do. NOBODY comes back over to inquire about us or make amends. So we look at each other, nod and start walking towards the front door. On the way I find our server and take her aside to calmly explain the entire situation and inform her that we are leaving. And I again get a complete non reaction. No apology, no manager. Just an ok and a bewildered stare.I'm done.
3	Lunch service is horrible,  I had to write about it.  I've been 1 time at dinner,  3 times for lunch.   They are super slow once you get to your table, our server acted annoyed to answer questions and gave the impression he had better things to do.  Food is still great, dinner crew bussers works hard.  Sad face for trying to beat the crowd.
5	This place is flippin amazing. I live in Las Vegas and this place never fails to amaze me. Always quick seating and the food comes out right away. Definitely a spot for after hours. I LOVE pho Kim long!!
3	I like this place. I've been here two times. One time for a dine-in with my boyfriend and second time for a pick-up order. Both times were good. Food was also really good and hit the spot. Although food was good, I think the customer service needs a lot of work and in having the same server too. I would definitely add more stars if the customer service improved, to be honest.The first time for dine-in, I swear we had 3 different servers come to us and then when we asked about a boba drink to one of the workers there, they looked so lost and confused like they didn't know what boba was and was surprised that it was on their menu. So on and so forth, we got what we wanted.The second time for pick-up was alright. The host was chill. Food took a while, but then again, it's usually always so busy there because it's a 24-hour place.All in all, place is pretty good and the price isn't too bad.
1	Service is horrible !  Simple as that I felt like regulars and member of the same race was being favored I waited 15 mins for the table which doesn't bother me at all ! If your busy that's fine I sat down and waited for 10 mins no water or anything was brought to me ... 20 mins passed I flagged down a busser and informed him I was ready to order can he notify my sever 30 mins passed And nothing I told my wife to just wait a lil longer and nothin After 35 mins they can we ordered and I waited for my 23 mins for my food it arrived I ate and had to wait another 24 mins for my check ...
1	Ugghhh. Oh my! This place was alright the first two times and especially because of the take-out order I made the other day, I decided to come back. It was pretty busy, like how it usually is, so I waited. The host barely even noticed me. He didn't notice me until I asked him for an order to-go... Anyhow, I barely even got to look at the menu he handed me and he already asked me what I wanted, so I just basically ordered what I ordered last time which was chicken chow fun for me and orange chicken with a side of rice for my boyfriend... It took a while, but it was fine, whatever, because it's busy. I went back to the front to wait for my food and like 10 minutes later, the same host who helped me asked me if I had been helped... -_- Anyways, I paid right when the host gave me the receipt, but when my food came out, he brought me back to the cash register and tried to have me pay again. Luckily one of the workers there saw that I paid and said that it was okay.I finally took the food home and what do you know?! There is HAIR in the orange chicken... Long black hair. Not just one, but two strands... And maybe more. But I just threw the food away... Blahhh, I'm so disappointed. This is not ok. I tipped too (because I usually always tip) but this is unacceptable!
5	Everytime I'm in vegas it seems I HAVE to stop here at any time of day. Their food is amazing and portions are good to share! I took my would be husband here for the first time and he loved everytime we had. Definitely try the black bean small clams, calamari serving was huge, house pan fried noodles were perfectly crispy! And if you have  leftovers, i swear they are better later! (Especially after a few drinks) Pho Kim Long is a tradition for me to stop by everytime here. I"ll be back here next time and next time again (until i move here)
5	Signed in (8 names deep) to wait in line because so many people and their kids come here. Didn't wait long, like 5-10 minutes. Ordered food and by the time I took a sip of water our food was out. I ordered spring rolls and a large bowl of the special pho and it was excellent. Our waitress Kelly was so nice. Definitely a place to go for Vietnamese food.
1	Food was not a home run.  It was just so so.  Actually kind of disappointed.  Service was terrible.  In a certain way, it felt like a fast food joint.  Never coming back again
1	I walked in and used the bathroom, to see a dead big cockroach by their toilet. Then the server Leo (who I hear has been working there for a long time) has a major attitude. Very rude and unacceptable. I don't care if you hate your life, it doesn't mean you can be a major jerk to others. The food however was very good. Don't let Leo serve you, he will just spoil your mood with his stank face. The owner needs to hire another server who can at least smile and take orders with a good attitude. The women staff was terrific.
1	The service sucked and it wasn't that busy when we arrived.  Appetizer came out on time, but they forgot about our main entree.  We asked 3 different waitresses(nobody checked on us, we had to track them down) and they said they would go check but never did. Waited 30mins for our main entree after our appetizer.
4	Shitty service but great hangover food after getting messed up in Vegas.
4	Great idea from valet at the Cosmo to come here! This location in China town felt like an ok area at 3am. I would suggest giving yourself 30 min head start when needing a cab to leave. The pho was amazing and huge portions! Great value for the $$. Way better than eating at the hotels! Service was good and the egg rolls were yummy!
3	Food is getting worse and worse every time I came. I get very disappointed even though this is nice place. :((
5	Best late night Asian dining in Vegas, for sure. The pho and other traditional Vietnamese food is great, but surprisingly their Orange Chicken is also fantastic. I know, I know. You're going to chastise me for ordering American Chinese food at a Vietnamese restaurant, but it's something you have to taste to believe. Add a little Hoisin sauce and you're off to Flavor Country.
4	Pretty great standard fair Pho, but missing the more exotic options like tripe or tongue. The decor is mid upscale. Unfortunately the service leaves something to be desired. Prepare to feel abandoned.
3	This place gets a lot of hype. It's good. But I wasn't overwhelmed.Pho is solid - can't go wrong with any of the choices.I also tried the clams in black bean sauce (good), fried mussels (ok) and mayonnaise shrimp with walnuts (good).They asked if we wanted rice, we said yes. Was charged $3. Wish they said something before we saw it on the check. Plus, most places give you white rice for free if you order mains (I can understand if we just ordered pho).  3 mains (in addition to a pho per person) and I'm charged for rice? I'm big on principle.It's a good deal compared to 99% of restaurants on the strip (for those visiting) but by the time you add in cab fare round trip, it loses some of its value.But if you're craving pho after a long night of partying - can't go wrong.(though I would also suggest the noodle restaurant at Venetian - its closer, soupy and relatively not pricey)
5	Fast and affordable. The Singapore noodle is the best in town.Always busy for a reason.
1	We are here in Vegas fo a 4 days vacation with kids and friends. Craving for some VN foods and went to Pho Kim Long. Foods was ok but the service was horrible. We needed some scoops for our pho soup that none of the bowl had come with. We ask for them but the guy/owner didn't even acknowledge me while I am looking at him for about a minute then he asked what do I need. I thought that was insulting. One of the friends ask for some condense milk. The response of the waiter was what do you need it for. That was unnecessary. Because it is open early we like to start our day early. We like to enjoy our precious day here in NV. Thanks Pho Kim Long for ruin our day. Just a friendly reminder for who is looking an enjoyable vacation please avoid this place at all cost. For us we will never come here again. Hope they will learn to share their customer with a little respect. If there is an option with zero star rating. I will rate them zero star rating. Zip Nada 000000
1	Long  wait times for mediocre food that is bland with no taste.   Tried the pho  tai  regret ordering it,  soup was so bland with no flavor and the meat was dry with no flavor.   The vegetables provided was obviously not fresh also. My group didn't like what they ordered also.   Never going to this place again whenever I'm in Vegas, and they definitely are not what they claim as best in Las Vegas.
3	I am from orange county. Home place of vietnamese food outside of vietnam. I do not see the appeal why this place is so packed.Most people from Orange County travel to Vegas for the weekend and wants to eat subpar vietnamese food at higher priced than back in Orange County. I DO NOT UNDERSTAND THIS.People go here for Pho, as lines are long. People actually wait for Pho here.  I guess it is cheap food when compare to Vegas food on the strip.
2	The service was really rude. We came here twice and both times got an old grumpy waiter who's had an obvious attitude problem. For the food, they was salty and nothing special. I got rice serviced with steak the first time. The steaks tasted so old- they were all chewy and not even hot. They were barely warm meaning that they were overcooked and  kept there for a really long time.I had their special combination pho the second time and the broth was real salty for my taste. The meatballs tasted so nasty.
1	The food is okay but the customer service is really bad.1. I found hair on my pad thai, twice.2. The place is dirty, i dont know why people come here often.3. Only one person speaks english.I gave this place so many chances, but they seem to let me downeverytime I eat here, so never again.
4	It was 9am on a Saturday morning, and we're awake and hungover.  Pho Kim Long to the rescue!  We were staying at the Venetian, and had no idea where to go.  I searched Yelp, and voila! Pho Kim Long was only half a mile away.  I ordered my usual pho dac biet.  The prices were slightly higher than what I was used to in San Francisco, but it was well worth it. I'm not sure if it was because I was hungover or because I hadn't had pho in a long time, but I thought the broth was fantastic!  Everything else in the bowl was standard.  But my one gripe is that there was not tripe!  I've found my new go-to hangover spot in Vegas, and they're open 24 hours!
3	This place has changed a lot over the last few years. Probably because of the popularity. Open 24 hours and has quite a mix of patrons coming through which is cool but the staff is becoming lackadaisical and I notice ego and that's not a good sign. I hope they fix a few staff problems because this used to be one of my favorite places to eat pho. Now? Not so much. Almost too popular which is why they seem to be losing their professionalism. Maybe just a bad night but very different from when I remember in the past. Was 2am and the server couldn't careless about everyone else except the table full of girls sitting across. Forgot several items and was still charged for them. No point in complaining because my meal was already ruined.
5	I have to say that I absolutely love this place. I have been going here since I was 10 and I'm 23 now and I will continue to keep coming as long as I can
3	My go to Pho place when in Vegas, but there can be a long wait sometimes. Food is good, service not so much.
5	Very tasty pho! It was 4 of us and we had to wait about 10-15 minutes to be seated which was not bad considering there was a lot of people waiting and it was lunch time! I liked they have a wide variety of drinks! We got the fresh coconut juice and lemon soda, the pho bowls are very well served and they also serve beer and wine. Service was very good and fast! I got a bowl with brisket and chicken and my husband got the combination bowl and they were both really good! It was the perfect recovery meal for our Vegas trip!
1	I give one star not for the food but for the service! We had a very bad experience today during lunch time. Our server was a male old asian guy. I forgot to get his name because we just want to get out of this place asap! He was so rude and sarcastic! Hope the management will talk to him so he will straighten up!
4	(4.5 stars)After a long night out, my cousins and I woke up Saturday morning wanting something to fix that typical Vegas hangover. What else but pho, right?This spot is located in Vegas's version of Chinatown, located right off the Strip. If you're taking a taxi, make sure you ask your driver for their taxi company's phone number so you have someone to pick you up. It's a frequent spot for taxi drivers, so it shouldn't take too much to describe where you're at.Ordered the #13, which is basically pho with every type of meat. I don't know, it's not the world's best pho, but if you have the drunchies or need a cure for your hangover, this may as well be the best pho you'll have within the next hour.Personally, my drunk Yelper self would say that they give a good ratio of noodles to broth. However, my sober and more critical Yelper self would wish there was more meat. But my drunk/hungover Yelper self wins this review.They're open 24 hours by the way. Pho after the club? You betcha.
4	Look, I come from the Bay Area... more specifically San Jose, which has a large population of Vietnamese and of course Pho restaurants, so I think I've tasted what's close to the real deal. However, of course the morning after some heavy drinking out in Vegas, the first thing that comes to a Bay Area native's mind is "My God... some pho would be the perfect cure right now." Hence, my cousins and I went on a hunt to find some pho. Funny thing is there is also a "Pho Kim Long" where we are from, so we thought we'd give this place a chance. Hopped into a cab and asked the cab driver himself if he had a favorite Pho place. And right off the bat he named this place! The restaurant itself is bigger than most pho restaurants I've been to, and definitely the NICEST looking. I'm used to cheap restaurants that look a bit dirty inside. This place actually has ambiance. Service wasn't too shabby as well, and honestly don't know if it was because I was super hungry (and slightly hungover) but I could say this was the best pho I've ever eaten... surprised it was in Vegas! Even my sister's vermicelli salad looked bomb and perfectly proportioned. Be warned as they only have one size and no "larges" for you hungry hippos. Or maybe they do, but it's not listed on the menu.Definitely should open a location on the strip and they'd make so much money. I wiill definitely consider coming back to this place for my hangover cures if I am to return to Sin City.Side tip: Taxi ride from Cosmopolitan hotel to Chinatown where this place is located is about ~$13.00 (one trip)
4	One star off for heavy use of msg which is outside of a better word is chemical poison and bad for you.
4	Their pho was very good compared to any other pho stores here in Vegas. However they're not getting 5 stars Bcs the food was not as hot as I would like it. The broth wasn't hot enough to cook the bean sprouts. But overall it tastes good with pretty decent service.
3	I had the chicken pho, it was okay. The service here was terrible though and it just felt like they were rushing us. I tried the pho again by takeout and I still wasn't impressed.
4	Open 24 hours. Our server was great. Food was yumm. I notice they offer varieties of family style meals. Thinking of trying it out the next time were in town.
5	What's better than pho after staying out until 4 am partying your brains out? Not only that but you're partying in VEGAS! Pho Kim Long is literally the biggest pho restaurant I've ever seen. The line can build up, so be prepared for that.Pho Tai ($7.75)Awesome broth!! Noodles and rare steak are great, but I HIGHLY recommend adding meatballs to any pho you get. Probably the best meatball in pho I've had.Egg Rolls ($6.50)How can you order pho without egg rolls. I recommend the egg rolls as well. Nice little appetizer before your hangover meal.Next time after partying at Marquee or Hakkasan, I'm coming here the morning after.
3	Not the same as it used to be.... Smaller portions .... Like Drake says, nothing was the same ....
2	We came here at around 3 AM...2 stars for being open late... but everything else was a disappointment.  We got the Mongolian Beef (beef was chewy and often times not even able to be swallowed).  Won Ton Egg Noodle Soup (broth was okay, but the wontons seemed undercooked and had an odd flavor, and the noodles were kind of hard and undercooked...) the chicken fried rice was slightly better... but the egg was an alarming shade of orange and the rice tasted bland and pretty flavorless.. with very small pieces of chicken. We were hoping for better, but unfortunately we left disappointed with out eating much of the food we had ordered.
5	Ordered within 2 mins of arriving, food arrived within 5 mins, and boy was it TASTY! Best Pho in Vegas for sure!! Was in and out in 25 mins, so it was super efficient too!We come here every time we come to Vegas
4	This is our go to place for Vietnamese food when in Vegas. It's pretty good.
1	This place absolutely Sucked!!! Deserved NO STARS if that was an option, overhyped and overflowing with Douchebags...Never Again....Phok Yu - PhoKimLong
2	The only reason I come to this place is because of their great food. I hate everything about it. Especially the customer service! If they would at least say hi or smile, I would tip them better.
5	The staff is always friendly, the food is always fresh and you hardly ever have to wait for a table.  If you like pho, this is definitely the best restaurant in Vegas for it.  Great prices on quality foods.
5	Excellent. I eat at a lot of Asian restaurants and this one is on point. Friendly staff that obviously likes their jobs, fast service and solid food. It's great to see a restaurant that I can recommend. If you love Pho, go. And it's open 24 hours! Respect.
1	Honestly, this Vietnamese pho restaurant is not as good as it claims to be. It claims that it's "The best" in Las Vegas when it should be the opposite. It is definitely more expensive compared to other pho restaurants and the food isn't worth it. I tried the bun bo hue and as a Vietnamese person myself, I know exactly what it should taste like and this dish did not satisfy my expectations. It was not spicy at all and the soup base just didn't taste right.
1	Its 24/7 so thats convenient but nothing special about the food unless you're really drunk and starving. Service is horrible. My order was wrong twice and half way thru my meal i went to the bathroom only to return to my table cleared and cleaned. My waiter asked "oh you still hungry?" And i still paid and just walked out. Go to another pho spot. I highly doubt other pho restaurants would be worse than this one.
4	Fast service, good food. Although they serve other Asian cuisine that isn't much to write home about.
4	Vegas, you Pho Me Long. All night long. And nothing cures those hangovers and burns away the sins of your soul better than a large bowl of Pho Tai + meatballs + eggs rolls + a thai tea. Much better than their SJ counterpart. It can get busy but service doesn't skip a beat. These folks hustle!
5	Amazing. I had the veggie pho (for dieting reasons). This was amazing. I recommend this place completely.
3	This place was just ok for me. I liked the fact that this place is open 24 hours since the other restaurant was just about closing by the time I would've gotten there. That's really the only good thing that stood out to me when I went here. Service wasn't amazingly quick but it wasn't bad. The food though was nothing really amazing and was kinda pricey for pho. I got that as well as other and one pad thai. The pad thai was very good and flavorful but as mentioned pricy for the amount that was given. The thai tea was probably biggest disappointment for me since it nearly half ice as I drank the whole thing so quickly and saw there so much ice, so I'd recommend asking for little or no ice if you get thai tea. Pho was $9 for large bowl which seemed more like a regular bowl at other places and pad thai was $12. Definitely come here for the late hours, but I suggest elsewhere for better Vietnamese food.
3	Fine stir-fry dishes can be found in this IT spot. I vaguely remember the pho, but people love them and they are served generously.  Item #122: Chicken with seasonal greens is delicious plate of sliced tender chicken, brocolli, Chinese brocolli, baby bok choy, carrots, bean sprouts, and ginger in a salacious opaque sauce is almost perfect. Probably loaded with MSG...but delicious. The calamari is a guilty pleasure for me. It's greasy, heavy breaded and sprinkled with a fried I'm-not-sure-what-to-call-it, but it resembles hair dandruff on steroids. I will eat it anytime.Parking is baffling and amusing. The lot is tight and small. I witnessed people yell at each other due to near collisions. Service is no-nonsense and apathetic. At the end of the day, they're not here to make friends and will probably throw you under the bus.
1	I like to look at myself as a pho expert. I eat it at least once a week. This place was a huge disappointment. Not only are they racist! They think I don't know how to use chop sticks because I'm white!!! But the broth was so salty it tasted like they poured salt all over my food. I will not be going back here.
4	This pho house seems to have been around Vegas's Chinatown forever and a year.  It stays open pretty late which is great for those with the munchies in the middle of the night but too cheap or broke to pay more for casino food.  The pho & rice dishes are pretty good.  The menu is pretty extensive, it has Chinese & Korean dishes too.
1	I'm pissed. After not eating all day and coming from Drai's day club, the only thing on our minds all day was a nice warm bowl of pho. They wouldn't let us dine in because we weren't fully dressed. Not only that, they were so rude in the manner they were speaking to us. I'm extremely disappointed because I've heard nothing but good reviews about this place from my friends. There are plenty of pho restaurants in the area. I will not be returning.
4	Really good vegan pho! Didn't love the sardine style seating (pet peeve of mine) but the food was excellent.
4	This place is pretty! It's date night worthy.  I went here with a friend and there is always a line.  You have to sign in when you get there and we chilled outside since it was after sunset, but the line went quick and service was quick.  It's not eerily quiet, and not too noisy where you can't carry a conversation.  We got the beef pho and meatball pho.  Both were great, steaming hot, very tasty.  I really enjoy the environment and the food.
1	The place was busy but there was still a lot of open tables, they sat us down and waited 15 minutes and no one ever came to our table to take our order so I raised my hand and called the skinny Asian guy that always wears a tight white dress shirt and told him we had been waiting for over 10 minutes already and no one had taken our order, his reply was "you have not been here for 10 minutes" I told him we had been here for 15 minutes and his reply was "so are you going to order or are you going to leave?", we went ahead and ordered and got our order pretty quick, but the pho was very salty and had very little steak and noodles and a lot of broth. To sum it all up the guy was very rude and the pho was not good, we don't plan on coming here again, there are a lot better places in town for pho.
5	I love this Place! im from LA. But every time when im in Las Vegas im visiting thig place. Pho is very delicious!
1	Asked 3 waiters to take our order, but they would rather clean tables.  Last time I come here.
3	Decent pho open 24/7. I got the pho dac biet was pretty good although quite expensive for around $9. The service is here is pretty subpar which is my main reason for knocking this place down a bit. The waiters here all have pretty crappy attitudes and were slow to help, part of it could've been attributed to the fact it was 6AM and they were fairly busy but they definitely could've been nicer.
5	I love this place! I always recommend it and always bring people here from out of town. It is always packed but I have never waited too long, not a lot of room to wait but who cares because the food is bomb and you really don't wait that long. Huuuuge menu and we like to try new things but my favs are by far - a big ol' bowl of Pho! Add broccoli because that's how I roll, I love my greens. The Drunken Noodles are awesome....I could def eat that whole plate myself, my boyfriend and I usually order a couple different things, meat plate, veggie plate like buck choy and then pho - we def get into the family style dining. That's what is so awesome - you can get your own thing or share! Boba is great, smoothies are really good and the spring rolls are always a starter. and then you can catch an awesome show at the Las Vegas Little Theatre right behind it afterwards :)
3	I've eaten here tons of times and it's always been good, not great. It's a Las Vegas staple, for sure, especially because of the slightly crass name. Service is always ok. Food is always decent. The last time I had pho there, however, the meat was slimy and had a green tint, so it might be a moment for me to return.
5	EAT HERE!!!!I've been here about 5 or 6 times and this is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. The General Tso's chicken is the best in town-hands down!  They're head-on salt and pepper garlic shrimp is awesome too.  Service is quick and friendly and their location is relatively close to the strip!EAT HERE!!!!!!
5	I don't know about you but the last thing I want to do is spend a grip on the Strip for some mediocre food. Yes, yes, I know it's Vegas. I got that part but let me think about this for a sec. If I spend $75.00 on two burgers, two orders of fries, and two sodas at the Mirage, I expect my meal to be damn near fantastic. It wasn't though. Yet, everything happens for a reason and I think that reason was to find Pho Kim Long.After taking a cab ride to a Wells Fargo location to pull some funds out, the cab driver gave the terrific recommendation of this place and I'm so glad he did. What a way to cure a hangover after a long night of drinking!!! This place is amaze-ballzzzz. Just to put things in perspective, I spent $40 for two people (tip included) on:2 bowls of Pho2 fresh coconut waters served in the actual coconut2 iced coffees1 order of egg rollsI was mad full afterwards and fully rehydrated afterwards.Luckily, I entered the restaurant right before their lunch rush so waiting for a table took all of two minutes before they said they had a table ready. During my almost week long stay in Vegas, I think I visited this place about three times and every time it was always full of people. From what I hear, this is the place to be come 4, 5, 6 in the morning but I don't have time for that nonsense. It was perfect at 10:30/11 a.m. for me. Honestly, the cab ride to and from and the entire meal each time was well worth the money.
5	I was in Vegas for 4 days and ate here twice - I am sad I didn't get to eat here for every meal the entire time I was there. I had the chicken teriyaki which was great, but perhaps one of the best meals I have ever had was the pan fried noodles, #62. The crab rangoon was fantastic, the best I have ever had. My husband had the pho soup and the Singapore noodles, he was thrilled with both.  If I could have picked this restaurant up and carried to Florida with me I would have! This was the best food I have had in Vegas yet.
4	The food here is awesome! Always made fresh and tasty. This spot is one of my favorite places to eat! Its also open 24 hrs. My only problem with this place is the service. Sometimes i never get checked on or get a refil.... Cant go wrong with anything i order, i know i will like it! They also have bobba drinks to which is a plus.
4	Pho Kim Long is my favorite Vietnamese spot for pho!  The peanut sauce is delicious and the shrimp rolls are perfect. Make sure to try all of the different sauces...the fish sauce is my favorite even though it is very salty. I had the shrimp pho, shrimp rolls, the Chinese doughnuts, and Thai coffee and I could have rolled home and slept for hours on my full, satisfied tummy!
2	Food is usually great and service is usually good as well. My only two issues are 1. They give you your bill on brand new American Express trays but don't accept American Express..?2. When my boyfriend tried to order pan fried noodles she said he wouldn't like them because we're not Asian..? So he said okay and asked if he could have pan fried noodles with chow fun and the waitress still said he wouldn't like it because he isn't Asian and highly recommended him to get chow me in. Excuse me? Just because we're white doesn't mean we don't like good food.
4	So we are in Las Vegas and of course paying Las Vegas prices for everything! Well sakino, as usual, jumps on yelp and JUST HAPPENS to find a Pho place... Coincidence right? Little Rock to Honolulu, LA to Vegas... Okinawa all the same. This Japanese wife of mine loves Pho. So of course, off we go..... I must say, it's hard for me to necessarily tell the difference between Pho (broth etc) but SOMETHING about this place just seemed slightly better. Now then that's not to say the others were subpar... Just this one is somehow ... BETTER. My wife, whom is some kinda pho semi-pro-am taster expert, confirmed my suspicions by vocally stating over and over how GOOOOOD hers was. I don't know the names. I had pho something with brisket. Large. Dumped sriracha in it and went to town. No veggies (onions etc) just meat and noodles and I Jammed out. No hassle fromWaitstaff. The wife got Pho Ga. Loved it. Large size. Put it like this... Of all the restaurants I review, she has never actually finished her meal, ever.... She slammed that large bowl, totaled it. That is a testament of how good/legit it was. Vegas can get expensive... This place was refreshingly cheap and super delicious. About 3 min drive from circus circus. Parking is a B***h but whatever, circle around until you find one. It's worth it. If you're visiting Vegas or a local... Get some Vietnamese in ya life... That Pho FoSho!
2	I came here about two nights ago for the first time and I have to say the food was deliciouse! But the service was AWFUL really makes me not want to go back! I went around 3 am and maybe the waiters were tired but it was my first time going so obviously I had some questions but they would reply very rudely and sarcastically! My boyfriend and I ordered one thing each and left! Maybe ill come back earlier one day to see how the afternoon workers are with customer service!
3	Me and my stupid boyfriend went here to eat really late at night. My boyfriend got the wonton soup because he's so basic. He says the soup was really good. I had some pho soup. It was number thirteen on the menu. It was perfect. We also had the chicken lettuce wraps 8/10. According to the drama queen of boyfriends, it wasn't as good as PF Changs. The service was quite attentive. They don't wet napkins by the way. How do I know? I asked.
2	We went here on Sunday night, since we saw a big sign stated best vote and we were disappointed.  They were busy but we didn't have to wait long for a table of two.  My husband ordered pho and it was ok.  I ordered com ga and springrolls and both werent that good.  The services are friendly and fast.  Overall, we didn't have a great experience and a little pricey.
5	Love this place! My favorite pho restaurant in town, hands down! The service is always so quick and attentive. The food is always up to par, I've tried almost every dish on the menu and I can honestly say there is not one bad thing. Definetly a must-try if you are visiting from out of town! :)
4	Big banner on the outside prints Best Pho in Las Vegas?  But taste all the same to me.
5	I am a food snob. Therefore it's hard to please me completely. I've been here many times and never been disappointed!!  Always wonderful food, always a friendly, warm, fast staff!  This is the best there is!
4	It's cheap, fast and not touristy. Every time we're in Vegas we have to come here. Get the 23 with extra pork. It's the Shit!!!
4	Good food. But if you go during busy hours..expect not to get full service. They take a while to get back to you every time. I still like coming here tho.  Their pho is really good..always get #13. We have tried other food but we always stick w pho.
4	I've been here twice and I'll be coming back for more, great food, good prices, good service.  I highly recommend the pork broth soup with egg noodles, awesome.
4	Of course I'm a fan, it's become a bit pricier since I first came so we'll keep an out eye for the others around the area, especially when they're really busy.Great variety, quick service and can't go wrong after a long night/morning on the strip.
5	I've been here give times since I landed in Vegas but my phone was always dead .. Lol I love this place their veggie pho is to die for .. Always a wait to be seated but well worth it
5	Absolutely amazing!! I would eat here everyday if I could haha. They're quick and customer service is excellent. Order Pho Dac Biet and it came out in less then 2 minutes and it tasted amazing. Good things is they're open 24 hours, means party hard and come there buzzed for the best food you can have after a great night. Went here the next day and tried the Broken rice with grilled pork . Every time I go to Las Vegas I have to go here at least once. There are you many other things in the menu I have yet to try, but I will haha. Prices are decent too, unlike these ridiculous casino prices and to top it off casino food isn't that amusing to me unless it's like a buffet or something.
2	Food poor quality and salty. Place is dirty. My second time here. Thought will be better this time. Not coming back anymore.
4	The combination pho, fried Egg rolls, beef and Broccoli and drunken noodles are all excellent!!
4	Great stop after the club. Open 24 hrs! But why am I not surprised...vegas never sleeps! Long line to get in but we didn't wait too long. I got the combination pho that hit the spot but I felt like I had more meat than noodles.
4	Last day in Vegas .. Tired , fat , and hungover .. We wanted to go get some soup to "burn off the grease" in our system. Dumb of us to come eat greasy pho but at the moment it made sense. Made our way to a strip mall a little off the Vegas strip. Tried the small #15. Pretty decent. Broth was superb but the noodles were a bit off for me. Not horrible though. Can be fixed with the right ratio of siracha, limes, cilantro, bean sprouts, and jalapenos. Began to work my magic and soup was delicious. We ordered the fried Calamari as appetizers for the table. Amazing. Must come back for these. Its the traditional calamari but with a Asian twist. Loved it. Portions were pretty generous as well.
2	While visiting Vegas I wanted to give this place a try since I have friends suggesting it  to be one of the better Pho joint in town.  Unfortunately I can't seem to agree. The broth is what makes it or break it. It was dingy broth and all I tasted was salt. The meat wasn't fresh and the little amount of noodles that they gave was over cooked. Just didn't do it for me. :(
2	Seriously, what a disgrace to pho!! If you want less than mediocre pho with awful service, this is definitely the place for you!  First of all, it's in a plaza with like 90 other stores. And they mostly cater to the Asian community. So imagine a tight parking lot filled with Asian drivers. Yeah, you get the picture. Next, it's always so busy in there. There's no room to wait while you get called for a table, so people are forced outside. Fine if it's spring time, crap if it's in the middle of summer or winter. There's no warmth in the service. Idk, maybe it's just me, but if I'm going to sit down at a restaurant, I like the server to chat a little. Even just a smile, a "how are you?" would be nice. Nope not here. They hurdle you to the table, take your order, bring your food, then your check. Good luck trying to get someone's attention if you need something extra. On my last visit, it took about 10 minutes to waive someone down so I could put in another order to go. I see this place as a fancy fast food pho joint.Now the food. The egg rolls are pretty typical. They are fried so you can't really mess those up. Pho broth is on the oily side, like you can see the oil floating at the top of your bowl. Noodles are stuck together like they've been waiting in the bowl for broth to loosen them up. My last visit I ordered seafood pho and it was so gross. The seafood was not fresh at all and had a fishy taste. And the squid tasted like it was on the verge of expiring. Their smoothies are pretty tasty, but stay away from the boba. It's mushy at first and they get hard as it sits in your cold drink.The only thing they have going for them is that they are open way late and can cater to the night crowd of Vegas. I don't eat here by choice, only by the choice of others. I'd much rather drive the few blocks down and eat at Kihn Do.
1	Very disappointed!!One of the worst service i ever experience. So incomplete n rude waiters
3	The only reason why this place gets three stars is because the food is actually really good, and it's nice to have a 24 hour pho restaurant. However, the service is absolutely HORRIBLE. It's very poorly managed, the servers are quite rude, and wait times between being seated, sitting down, ordering, and getting the check is ridiculous. I'm not sure if I'd want to go back.
5	After seeing all the hype and long wait at this place, I do say, it is worth it. Our food came out pretty quick and was delicious. I've had plenty of different pho places and this one defiantly takes the cake. I have to make a stop here everytime I'm back in Vegas for business.
4	Be prepared to wait even if it's 8:30 pm.
1	Worst service I ever had! Served us water didn't care to ask if we wanted anything else to drink. As we ordered our food, they were mean. Never again will I go there!
2	I ate here with a family friend and her mother to celebrate her mom's birthday. Ugh, unfortunately, I have to say that the folks that run this place ought to be ashamed of themselves. I already had a bad taste in my mouth even before walking in after seeing the large banner advertising that this establishment is the best Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas. We waited approximately ten to fifteen minutes for a table, which wasn't too bad after hearing of the epic wait times for a table here. It wasn't worth it. The pho was extremely unimpressive, with a cheap tasting, salty broth that rendered my friend and me overly thirsty for the next twelve hours. The rare meat tasted as if it were "improperly aged," as I like to term it, and was not fresh at all. Honestly, if it weren't for the dish's soft tripe, I would have given this place a one-star review. The pork chop that my "aunt" ordered was greasy and dry at the same time. I didn't think that was possible. It seemed like it had been recooked twice over. To add insult to injury, the basic tea was priced western-style at $1 per person. I'm sorry, but this place does not qualify as Asian due to that pricing structure. Tea is part of the dining experience at any formal Asian restaurant. The service was cordial but average. All of the above being said, if I were to give this restaurant some advice, it would be to remove that silly banner. If you need to advertise that you are the best, it means that you clearly aren't or you already had plans to reduce quality and/or cut costs.
5	Yea after numerous times coming here I'm gonna give them 5 stars for the consistent good food and always VERY GOOD service, i mean its not a fine dinning establishment but its as good as it gets for this type of place, I think the owner/manager is always around at all hours and he seems to know how to run his restaurant,  i have such a hard time with service at ethnic restaurants but this place has it down.  Everything I've tried has been fantastic, i don't think ill ever try the whole menu but I'm pretty sure its all good based on what i have tried.  Good job Pho Kim Long!!!
5	Still the best place in town to get great food with great company. Ive been going here since i was 10(im 25 now) and its still my most favorite place to come for lunch dinner or that late night shift. The service is awesome and the people i still remember as a kid are.still here. Keep it up :D
2	So me and my friend decided to stop into this place and have lunch together..Me and my friend both decided to start off with appetizers.. Me ordering the calamari and my friend ordering the chicken wings..However when the calamari came it looked as if it had been sitting in Grease all day, and was not yummy at all.. And then when I told the server that I didn't like it, he did take it back but the other waitresses really rude about it.. Busting out loudly saying what is wrong with the calamari that me and my guest heard it from across the room..Not very good customer service if you ask me.. She then proceeded to our table and asked me personally what was wrong with the calamari and I may have been a little rude but I told her it was disgusting and she got mad and walked off.. However my friends chicken wings are pretty alright.. Then our food came my file is really good I ate the whole thing..So besides the yucky calamari and the rude lady my experience was alright but I would never come back again!!!PS. I even left a $20 tip
5	Literally best place. Everything was delicious chowmein , pho & steak yum yum yum ! Will be back soon !
5	I'm not able to eat pho anywhere else because this place has got me hooked. I always order their #14 Rare Steak Noodle Soup, great broth, but I am Mexican so I add a lot of lime and a few squirts of sriracha sauce and some jalapeno slices. But I can't just order only pho. I as well order their crispy eggrolls and crab ragoons, both very delicious and worth looking like a pig in front of everybody.They are always busy no matter what, especially weekend nights that u might not find parking in the entire shopping center, it has happened to me before.
5	They have these tofu nuggets that are just delicious. Even if you don't like tofu. I always order the spring rolls I just think they're a nice light appetizer. Obviously it's a Pho place, so let's get down to the Pho. I love it here. The broth is incredible, I kind of drown it in siracha and duck sauce but before I do that the taste is great. I love that they offer a vegan pho it means I can drag my roommate here and she will have something to eat.
4	Best pho I've had so far, been here twice in one month, and was not ashamed to go alone. Lol. I love how you are automatically served water right when you are seated. It's always very busy so I thought that was great. I always order the Pho Vegan, and it it excellent! Great flavor. The tofu nuggets are very good as well. They also serve brown rice! Which many Pho locations don't, (like the one I'm at right now) it's 24 hours which is also a plus, I was on the strip late night and wanted something light and they were my first option! Will always come back here!
3	Items ordered:Pho tai: tastyThe regret: 3 buns for $10- braised pork was so tiny and all fat- they will push that item on you. STAY AWAY!
5	This place is always busy and they are open 24 hours which is always a plus especially in Vegas. I ordered the spring rolls, egg rolls and the pho special. Delicious.!
5	24 hr Pho!  HELL YA!  And it's hella good!  I've been sick as hell lately...4am can't sleep want soup....perfect!  And I was sitting at my table and All the sauces and such were full with not sticky nice clean bottles and the waiter hushly came to table removed the plate of sauces so all my bottles were filled to brim. Kinda unexpected great service!  Get the large bowls cause the regular size doesn't have enough noodles makes u need and want more...so good so perfectly made!!!
5	Very good restaurant, the service was fast and the food was delicious. I love pho and it's hard to find a very good pho place and this place definitely better than any other pho restaurant I've tried in Vegas.
5	When the weather is getting colder, I come here to have dinner with family. They have one of the best pho in town. I had my first pho back in Sacramento, introduced by my hmong friends. Eating here reminds me of my 2nd home. I miss cali.
5	The best pho I've had in a while. Another 6 out of 5 stars, unofficially on this one. I'm having a lot of 6 star meals these days...I feel like you have to go off the strip in order to get good authentic Asian food, particularly pho. And you will definitely need your pho fix after a night of drinking! It's definitely one of my favorite hang over meals...I loved the flavor of the soup, and the meat quality wasn't sucky like a lot of other places.Since we had a group of girls, there were a variety of other dishes that were delicious. Since it's been a while, tho, I can't really remember each dish...but here goes:There was a stir fried udon plate that was really realy good. Actually, it's one of the dishes that we took back to the hotel, to-go...and later had as a midnight snack. I know, gross right? But hey, it was perfectly fine!!! No tummy aches...We ordered the pea shoots for our veggie dish, and it complemented all the other dishes so well. It really helps to have a veggie dish to go with the meat-y, rich dishes.The calamari (or maybe it was fried squid?) was nice and crispy, with lots of extra crunchy flakes on top. We probably over ordered here, but at least we got to try a variety of dishes!
4	This place has really improved within the last year. Their service has dramatically improved. I am assuming that this place has recently gone under new management for the better. The food is still delicious and in my opinion does not need to change at all. I will continue to be a customer.
1	I agreed with Marie T. Food is ok, but the service is definitely the WORST!!! We ordered wonton to share between my husband and myself as a soup for starter. The waiter brought out the wonton bowl as big as a "pho bowl", so I asked the waiter for a small soup or rice bowl to spilt the soup up. He said, "ok". So we waited and waited and waited... Nothing. Another waiter came by, I asked for the same thing...again nothing.
2	Service is absolutely terrible and food is average. Server has a really bad attitude from the very start and is very unresponsive. We asked for bowls and they took our chopsticks away... For the pho, noodles are overcooked but soup is good and not oily. The udon is really oily though. Overall, the bad service destroys the eating experience and puts people in a bad mood.
3	Food taste great but for some reason i dont like how they give service to guest due to that they are always in a hurry and it feels like they dont want you to order more food, especially when you're pretty hungry and want to eat a lot and try some other menus they have, dont even have a time to think what to order, but still food taste good, prolly go back again hut i recommend to check the menu online and prepare it already before going...hahaha
1	Bad service, dirty, not good food!
3	I really need to get out and explore Chinatown a bit more! This 24 hour restaurant is a pretty good place to get a meal after a night out on the town. At 2am, it was busy!  My plan was to get some pho, but I ended up getting something else. I can't even remember the name of it, but it had noodles, salad greens, small egg rolls, and shrimp in it. It was okay, not fantastic- but a lot of sauce helped add some flavor. The service was pretty speedy, and the prices reasonable. The portion was pretty large as well.Decent food for soaking up the alcohol, and available whenever the mood strikes you!
3	This was the only Pho location open 24/7, located conveniantly in Chinatown.Maybe it was the odd hour I stopped by, (Around 5-6am?), but the food wasn't spectacular or something to scream about.I've passed by this location a few times, and always wondered why the interior/workers were very formal - then I found out it was to perhaps make up for the lack of good food.Ordered the meatball pho, portion was pretty small. The weather here is FREEZING, and a nice hot bowl of pho is usually the cure! But this bowl was lukewarm.The meatballs tasted rubbery and artificial. I left
3	It's been over three years since I first reviewed Pho Kim Long.  They have gotten a little too popular for their own good. They're open 24/7 now and the consistency isn't what it once was unfortunately. The one thing I think they still do here better than most is their Chicken Pho. Since chicken pho isn't all that popular most places simply have it as an after-thought. At PKL it is done well with a very good broth.They must be doing something right to always be as busy as they are, but unless it 3am and you just got out of the club, I still think there are better options in the vicinity.
2	Honestly, I don't understand the hype of this place or the giant lines.  Yes, the place is very pretty and absolutely the service is very good, but the food?  Meh.  The first time I went there was a couple of years ago for lunch and it was very good - delicious pho.  Went for dinner with a bunch of friends more recently and the quality was just not there.   I thought it was just okay.  Pho wasn't entirely hot when I got it, which was disappointing. As others have mentioned, some foods taste like they were bought pre-packaged and not made in house. One of my companions is Vietnamese and came from a family of caterers, to boot.  He ripped the place a new one over the food - spices were off, dishes were not done properly, etc.  I was genuinely disappointed as I love all kinds of Asian food and wanted to really like this place.  Unfortunately, I think they've gotten a little big for their britches, they know folks are going to show up no matter what and just are phoning it in now. Now when I want pho I go down a few doors to Fat Dumpling - great pho with all fresh ingredients, no ridiculously long lines, and better price.
2	We have eaten here 3 times and while the food is good the service really isn't. Our last visit was the worst: no drink refills, we had to track someone down for our check, and this was at 2:30 in the afternoon so they weren't even busy. Previous times weren't quite as bad but they also weren't good.
4	Best Pho in town. If I am hungry anytime of the night I always can count on Pho Kim Long.
3	The atmosphere was nice and the food was decent. The service was just okay maybe because they were a little bit busy. Not sure if I will return.
1	Went today after I got off work because I wanted some pho, which I haven't had in a very long time. Was super disappointed in how much it has changed. We waited for our server to come which was about 20 minutes, to be rushed with our order to receiving the food, which was average, to waiting for the server to come back over so I could order to go. The server again rushed my order and was more worried about making sure the check was signed. I was disappointed in everything. I ended up receiving my to go order and left because I was disgusted about the way everything was. I get home to find out they screwed my to go order up....besides the horrible service, the decor was okay, they should get remodeled due to the scuffed tables, walls and chairs to the chairs cushions being torn, the bathrooms being utterly disgusting and to the fish tanks that have maybe 1-2 fish max in there. It's gone downhill, and I used to recommend this place to everyone.
3	Pho is alright, broth is hot, sliced beef are very good and rare, but can't compare to anything from NorCal or SoCal. 24/7 hours is good for the late night partiers in Vegas, and near by the main strip. Ambience and interior is nice.As typical with most Asian places, service was subpar. Not even a single hot water refill, even after paying a buck for tea.Do NOT order the spicy salt fried calamari; crazy over salted, I barely ate 2 bites.Not good, not bad pho, doubt I'll come back again.
1	Pho is acceptable BUT service is the pits! VEEY RUDE SERVERS and CASHIER! They gave us the impression of hurry and eat and get out of here!
5	Two words: HELLA GOOD. Wish we had one of these in Oregon! Visited in October while on a business trip. So glad we chose this place over the pho place a few doors down. Nothing against the one a few doors down, I have never been there but EVERYTHING about our experience at Pho Kim Long was awesome. We chose this place over the other solely because the name was too awesome to pass up and I couldn't resist a check-in on Facebook.Everything from our appetizer to the dessert was amazing. We started with the Calamari which my mouth is watering for as I write this review two months later. Very salty but nothing wrong with that! Next up for me was the pho which is hard to screw up but surprisingly some places in Oregon do. It was spot on- perfect flavor. For dessert we had the pineapple half with ice cream. The ice cream could have been served a little but it was still great.To top it all off our server was one of the most friendly servers I've had. I believe he said it was only his second day working there. He did an outstanding job and was very personable. The whole family left very satisfied!
5	This place deserve 5 stars. Service was good, clean and most important the pho was good. Tasty soup base; not salty. And generous portion.
2	The Chinese broccoli was the best dish we had there, but steep at 11 dollars a plate.  Just your average Vietnamese place with poor service.
5	Awesome food STELLAR service! Don't be intimidated by the long line. They service you rather quickly but still are super attentive. Such a gem right off the strip! Worth the short drive down!!  Ohh and try everything!! Large party of 12 and EVERYTHING was exceptional! 5 Stars!!!
1	This place hands down is the worst. The food is Mediocre it's not even worth the wait. We came in at 12:30 and didn't get seated until 1:15. And we waited another 20 mins for our order to be taken. We came in with a large group and even after waiting an hour we didn't get to sit together cause I guess It's too difficult to push tables together. And they were so pushy about separating us from each other. Everyone who works here looks so miserable while they're working like they hate their life. The service here is so rude that it just ruins the meal for you. Also the tables who were sat after us received their food and water way after us. Pho Kim Long is so dysfunctional, unorganized, and has one of the work customer service I have ever received. I'm sure there are other pho places in Vegas that are way better than this.
3	When you're drunk, after a night out, a bowl of pho here will taste like a 5 star.  But when you come here, sober, do you start to have better judgement and assessment of their service and quality - hence, my 3 stars.Coming here for lunch on a sober morning, we were seated at a reasonable time and given a menu to browse.  Right after that, the experience went downhill from there.  It took almost 10 minutes before anyone came to our table to take our order.  Once our order was placed, it didn't take as long for our food to arrive.We ordered their bun bo hue and pho combination. Broth for both was simply salty.  Their bun bo hue was nothing I would have expected from what should be a spicy flavorful broth, it was rather plain and simply salty.I left with excessive sodium intake and needed H2O to normalize.  Perhaps it is the salty hot broth that when intoxicated hits the spot, but when awake and alert... it is a different experience.
1	I have been here once early this year, went there around 9pm and everything was ok...I am not a Pho expert but I liked it at the time. This time I figure I invite out of town guests at around 0230 in the morning Monday December 22nd 2014.....The initial waitress did not say a single word to us in the 4 times she went to our table and took a little over 10 minutes to make first contact. The Male waiter was short and unfriendly too, got our order and disappeared , forgot the spoons. The food was ok but ruined by RUDE service and the following: My guest (which happens to run a million dollar restaurant)  requested carbonated water from the soda tap (gas bubbles and water).... when we got the bill they charged it as a full flavored soda 3 dollars for carbonated water! we questioned it since nowhere else in AMERICA they charge for Co2 and water, they went to get the manager (which claimed to be the owner). That younger male with an attitude of a major jerk, leaned on the table with both "fists" on the table, leaned over into our personal space and asked: whats your problem! The question of why in the name of everything that is 100% free anywhere in America he was charging 3 dollars for carbonated water and with a major attitude and tone of voice he said: "I don't care if I lose a customer that doesn't want to pay for carbonated water, Its 2.99 and I will not remove it from the bill" .Needless to say the rude waiters did not get tip and I will never go back and I will never suggest this hole again.  I am sure that punk is the SON of the hard working parents who most likely slave all morning and afternoon to get this restaurant running..... If you look at the reviews, most of the lesser stars are because the graveyard staff attitude.
5	Now I understand they're voted the best in Vegas, food isalways goodService is greatAnd the reason why Pho Kim Long is getting five stars from me is, I accidentally ordered the wrong thing and they happily replaced it with no problem
3	The best thing about this place is that it's 24 hours. Cost about $9 for a small bowl, a dollar and some change more than what's around. Which wouldn't be a problem if it tasted better. Mediocre pho to say the least. Not the worst I've had though. It's just eh.
2	I was serious dissapointed when I asked the waitress what kind of Pho they serve in here? Is it the North version or South version, and he hesitated reply me: Chinese Pho version :/ I was completely speechless. Pho is not even from China. I ordered Bun Bo Hue, it taste kinda ok, but very greasy. The noodle is not the right kind for bun bo hue, it was too thin. Services is alright, but I would recommend Pho in here
1	Every time I've been here the food has been great. That said tonight I experienced terrible service and want to make sure people watch for it. Our server was fine but her manager Lam (or Lamb?) was a nasty person. I heard him speak so negative to our server using profanity for something that was his fault. A customer should never hear that nor should an employee be crying because of bad management. I hope the establishment takes note because we go there often in large groups but it's not worth someone suffering  over. I hope this guy gets what he deserves. As a business owner I can say he would have been let go a long time ago for his attitude and bad work ethic.
2	OMG, the girl named Hana(/Hanna?)was so rude. I never met any waitress that ruder than her. this was my first time to this restaurant but I was extremely upset due to this discourteous behavior. the food was ok, not the best Vietnamese dishes in town. Never come back unless they fire the girl.
1	Racists!  I've been treated poorly by Asians before, but this place takes the cake.  My friend and I were seated and ignored.  A pair of Asian men sat at the table next to us ten minutes later and so the waiter HAD to show up.  Of course he took their order first and our food made it out eventually.  I paid with my credit card and went out to my car where I was chased down by the manager who asked me if I had paid!  Evidently the "waiter" was quick to our table only if it meant money in his pocket.  Hateful racists.  Is all of Chinatown harboring such hatred?
3	Really yummy but don't expect authentic vietnamese a bit thrown by the Thai and chinese dishes too
2	Things have changed......came back for the calamari  and the filet mignon pho'....... service was terrible! The waiters acted as if we were annoying them or something...like waiting on us was a  waist of their time? The food came out quickly, but had to wrestle up a waiter for drink refill, and when refilling my son's sprite... they poured water in his soda and walked off like nothing had happened.The quality of the Pho' isn't what past experiences has brought me to remember...not even close to the amount of noodles they used to give and the broth was mediocre at best......I was sooooo looking forward to my old Pho Kim Long, and this wasn't it!!
1	Cold soup and noodles for pho ha ( Chicken Noodle Soup) plus the egg rolls gave after the payment waiting too long for this food never happen like this before in the past I'm sad and disappointed
3	There is more truth in these reviews for this restaurant than any other restaurant I've read upon on yelp that I've visited. Ive been many times and my experiences range from awful, to mediocre, to fantastic.  Pricing is really not that bad.      Service ranges just like the food...sometimes its terrible, and sometimes its great. I do agree with a few of the other posters in regards to asian customers seem to get better treatment and food. And i say this with the most confidence and its my friends family who owns the place and I've been with there, with her, and other family members, and we got NO discount or any other special treatment.  Also, this place plays no games. I've seen many people kicked out of the restaurant. You too drunk? Goodbye! Your too loud? Goodbye! Rude? Sleeping at table? Taking forever to eat? Goodbye!      Parking sucks and the place stays busy. 24 hour restaurant. Some of the best Pho I've had has been here as well as some of the worst.      I'd highly recommend this place when all is said and done. Its hard to beat a place that is close to the strip, thats 24 hours. If you 10 times, you will enjoy at least 5 of those trips....but thats expected at places like this that stay this busy all the time.
1	Best pho in Vegas but the service is slow and horrible. If you're that busy, hire more damn employees.
1	if I could give a 0 star I would ! service was bad food was bad. we ordered just a basic pho with brisket we asked for extra hot broth and they said they can't do it, and then when we finally got our food the broth was lukewarm.  it took forever for them to bring out water, they threw down the bowls, it was waste of money and tip. we will never go there again.
2	The food here is pretty tasty for the first couple of bites but it gets to you after and get sickening to eat. My pan fried noodles were a bit salty. The service is pretty quick here though. Right after we ordered the food literally came out within a few minutes but they can be a little rude handling your food. One server didn't really tell us which noodle it was and kind of expected us to know whose bowl is whose. But at least it opens 24 hours!
3	About a 20 25 minuet wait but food got out pretty fast Thai tea is pretty good and the pho tasted about average, overall friendly staff pretty clean and fast server 3 stars for the food.
4	Just a quick update as I have been there about three times in the past three months!a. Parking - No longer easy. The plethora of good / decent places to go like Lee's Sandwich, Fat Dumpling, Mr. Tofu and etc make parking here limited and in high demand. It is nearly difficult to find any parking here, even if you are willing to walk.b.  Reasons - That is because PKL is open 24 hours!  The food is darn decent at times.  c.  Late meals - Finished a movie and midnight and came here for noodles on Friday night. At 1:00 am, the place was packed.  Our team waited only ten minutes for a table in the back room, where it says " Employees only"  Looks to be a room that they will slowly expand into and perhaps was another restaurant before?  d.  Pho - Had Number 13, which has everything in it and also the Bun Bo Hue with Pho noodles instead of rice noodles (vermicelli).  OK, don't hate that!  I know it is traditional to have BBH with the rice noodles. It is just that the consistency of the Pho noodles is soooooo much better and the texture is amazing. The way the noodles drape over your chopsticks as you shovel a huge portion into your mouth is just what the doctor ordered.  Hard to do with the rice noodles as it is bigger and the consistency is such that you cannot pack a bunch into  your mouth.  Hey it is part of the noodle experience if you ask me.  Just watch any movie where you watch the Japanese salary-men at lunch slurping down a bowl of ramen and I think you will get my drift.  Noodles are meant to be hoovered!  e.  Pho Part II - Anyway, the Bun Bo Hue at 1:00 am is a very, very good. The broth is just right, they serve the spice separately so you can make the soup as hot as you want.  They serve all the bits of tendon, offal, pork hock and everything you can imagine that was eaten in the city of Hue due to well, the poor economy.  I finally learned that offal is the stuff in meats that you cook that most people don't eat.  The offal is awfully good!!! It is what makes the soup.  My son had number 13 which is nearly like BBH without the pork hock and the spice. He slurped that up, but I won because my BBH came first and I had a head start!f.  The Chicken - Yep, ordered once again the Salted Baked Chicken with Ginger sauce.  Why?  Because it is so good, nutritious and a very good measure of the chef and the restaurant.  Simple to cook, yet easy to over cook, the meat has to be so juicy and tender. It is either that or overcooked as the entire taste is from the chicken itself.  It has to be on the bone, and it has to make you caveman like to use your hands to gnaw at every morsel of meat on the bone!  The ginger onion sauce has to be so good that you are putting it on the chicken like you would butter and you have to ask for more.  This time, the chicken was great.  I went there two weeks ago at 8:00 am and it was absolutely horrible.   So, I think that the chefs know at 1:00 am they will have a ton, so they are making it and storing it just right. At 8:00 am, the last time, I probably had a heated up stored chicken and it was as if "I made it myself.  just mehhhh".  Fresh and hot is best and it was rocking at 1:00 am.Overall, great menu, many of other choices on there that you would find in a Chinese restaurant and a great place to end up!Now they serve brown rice for 1.50 more.  This Chinese people are so good at making money on rice!  Here is the dealio though. At 1:00 am most of the people there are drunk or buzzed and needing greasy fatty foods to recover. I don't think they are so worried about brown rice.... GK says, this is the late nite place to BE for sure!
4	Almost always comes here to get #15 and eggrolls. Although the servers don't talk that much, I think it's an okay place to eat.
1	The services is horrible . Giving us attitude from the time ordering till the end. Pho is super salty and way too much msg. Things had changed. I used to visit this place every time I'm in Vegas. It used to be good then. Not anymore .
4	This place is ALWAYS busy, but for a good reason. Their pho is really good, they bring the food out fast, and the restaurant is big.I didn't really like the boba tea, but I come to get their pho every time!
4	We came to check out Chinatown as is our tradition everytime we travel so we asked the Cab driver to take us there and he dropped us off where the arches were and we were sorely disappointed as all the restaurants in that square did not have any rating higher than 3 stars and me being an avid Yelper was not ready to settle for less.Once again due to a lack of public transport in that area and with the wifey famished things began to get desperate and I was fighting for my survival!Suddenly like out of the mist came these 4 young Vietnamese (to me they appeared to be 4 angels) and the wifey followed them into this joint after chatting with them briefly.  I had no time to Yelp this place and my Yelps were drowned with the sounds of my wifeys hunger pangs.I looked around and saw only Vietnamese faces all deeply engrossed in their meals and as no one was texting I knew we hit paydirt!It took a few minutes for our waitress to warm up to us too rather degraggled appearing starving folks but once she did she was very helpful.The wifey ordered the Rice with Grilled Pork and I ordered the Beef pho minus the tendons and we both quietly put our iphones down and were immersed into our dishes!  On finishing one of the best Vietnamese meals we have had in a while I wifey spotted the table next to ours having a Boba and fond memories of our dearest son Kev she had a Mango Boba  in his honour as he did not make the trip with us!I would definitely recommend this place to fellow Yelpers as it seems only the locals know about this place off the Strip!
1	It opens 24/7 meaning they don't have any down time to CLEAN and to train their staff. What I saw was poor service and dirty tables, as far as the food, Pho was served cold and the broth was made in a hurry for a quick serve.  Here is my suggestion to the managers there, if the food is not ready to serve then do NOT serve it, simply let the customers know, everyone understands that.  Our pho took nearly 25 minutes to come and the waiter was extremely RUDE.  My family for sure won't return here and my guess is that all the reviews on yelp are being paid for.  Not even a 1 star.
1	Ok. The food here is awesome. I'll give them that, if they ever serve it on time. Then there's the Customer service. . . ITS HORRIBLE!! Waiters/waitresses look like they hate life. They are rude, and I had to wait 20 min just for a glass of water!! Dafck?!ATTENTION Make sure you check your bill before paying. Bastards like to add extra sTuff. Then there's the parking dilemma. Let's just say you're better off parking across the street where there is enough space to where you won't come back out and have a dent/scratch on your car.
2	Came here at around 1-2am because husband was hungry and they were one of the restaurants that was still open in Vegas at the time.Line was long when we got there; the hostess seemed very annoyed with all the customers and she didn't smile or even bother to greet us. When it was our turn, she just led us to the table and threw the menu on the table and left. Waited some time before a server came to take order and haha... another one who's annoyed by overwhelmed traffic.We ordered fried tofu, spring rolls, whole coconut and two Bun Bo Hue; food came out fairly quickly but the quality wasn't as good as I expected it, well, when I compare to what we usually have here in the South Bay. I did like the fried tofu and coconut and that's why I'm keeping two stars here; however, the spring rolls was not fresh and the soup base for their Bun Bo Hue was so bland, it didn't have pork blood or beef/brisket in them either. Will not recommended until you're dying of hunger.
5	Best pho in town! 24 hours, sometimes there is a wait but totally worth it. Get the beef brisket and flank, the spring rolls and the Kim Long eggrolls.
3	this is our "go to" pho spot because this place is open 24 hours!!! we arrived to vegas pretty late on Friday due to the 15 fwy was closed for 2 hours! anyways we ordered the egg rolls. comes with 4 pieces of egg rolls with some side lettuce and fish sauce. we also ordered the special pho noodles. but really $9 for a bowl of pho?! thats really pricey compare to LA prices of only $6. but i guess its vegas and we were hungry.
1	This is by far one of the worst customer service experiences I have ever had. The hostess had an attitude, while all of the staff had the same horrid attitude like we are bothering them by eating at the restaurant. You have to pretty much beg for another glass of water or tea, but when you get their attention to all for another glass of water, it still takes a long time to get it. The only time they were fast was when you gave them them check and money to pay. The food was okay, but I'm pretty sure I can find better food and service some where else.
3	It was ok. Surprisingly a very small bowl of Pho I got. And it was still $8.The ambience was nice. The waiting was probably 15 mins on a Sunday noon.The food was decent, everything seemed a little rushed but still friendly service.Toilets are horribly filthy. I can't believe what I saw.
3	If you go further away from the strip you can likely find cheaper & larger quantities of asian food.Food was good, don't get me wrong.  Turnover is ridiculously fast.  Service was pretty good, although we didn't get soup spoons with our pho, but the staff apologized profusely.It's 24/7, so that sorta makes up for higher prices.The bathrooms were disgusting. Don't go in them!
4	Great pho in vegas, tasty, unkind staffs (maybe their cultural stuffs), overall 4 stars^^Ill come back for next time.
3	If I could give them 3 1/2 stars that's where my rating would land comfortably. You can't expect grade A customer service in Chinatown, so yeah... they're not very friendly & the servers want you in & out. However, the perk about dining here is that they are 24/7 & usually consist of speedy service. I work on the strip & I have graveyard hours, Pho Kim Long settles those late night cravings for Vietnamese & then some. I go specifically for the Pho Ga (chicken pho) and it's pretty good. My choice for Pho after hours -- since there is not many other options open.
5	By far favorite pho place in vegas aways fresh broth hot I don't like the waiting lines sometimes but very well worth it aways recommended and aways coming back.
