1	I agree with the last review. This place is hilarious. It is probably the largest joke casino on the strip just waitint to get torn down and replaced with something trendy. Its in a holding pattern of sorts.
2	I agree with previous reviews. The place looks old and tired. A fewyears ago I would have suggested this as the best choice for families with young kids--not anymore. Pool is disgusting. Alot ofpeople are attracted by the cheap rates,but if you shop around you'llfind similar deals at much better properties.
1	4 years ago I thought this place was a joke.Who would spend so much money to make such crap, its trite and cheap.  Now it seems like everyone knows this and its waiting to be knocked down and turned into something else. Wait for its reincarnation.
3	I think people judge the Ex too harshly.  I've just returned from my first stay at this hotel, and I think it's a great place to save a little money and still get the strip experience.  It isn't luxury, and the rooms are a little super 8ish, but our room was clean and every employee we encountered was pleasant.  I'm sort of the opinion that in Vegas there is luxury (Venetian, Bellagio, etc) and then there is everything else (Bally's, Barbary Coast, Luxor, Trop, Ex, etc).  If I'm going on a weekend or during a major event, most of even the less-luxurious properties go for around $200/night.  Why not save a few  dollars?  I used to turn to the Trop for savings on busy weekends, but no longer!  At least the Ex has plenty of video poker machines at the bars and is willing to comp any drink (Trop only comps drinks up to 7.50 - No long islands!) and is a little more centerally located.
4	Who actually spends a lot of time in their hotel room in Vegas anyway?!We have always stayed at the Excalibur whenever going to Vegas. We are budget concious people who don't mind saving money. Granted, the Excalibur is not the nicest or most luxurious hotel on the strip, but it's definitely better than Motel 6 and it's a safe place for a good night's sleep.It is family friendly- an entire level for kids, lots of different restaurants, and spacious rooms. On our last trip, I booked the rooms online. I checked 2 days before our trip and the prices went down. After a quick phone call to customer service, they were happy to lower my rate to the updated price. Excellent! I have no problem staying at the Excalibur! They have always done a good job for us when it comes to staying in Vegas!
3	First time I stayed here was during some godforsaken family vacation back when it opened in 1990 (I think).  Didn't set foot in this place again until a few months ago, when I got talked into going to their "Medieval Times" style show.  Ehh, not bad.  Don't go if you hate kids.  After that, I played a round of the horse race game, and man, I've really lost my touch.About to leave, but might as well play a few hands in their lackluster Casino.  Ended up staying there for hours. Imagine: Five dollar tables galore without the obscene cigarette smoke factor of your typical shithole casino!  It's a gambling utopia of sorts.
3	the theme is absolutely ridiculous but that's what makes it so great. however, more of a place to sleep than to do your dirty vegas deeds.
2	So we only stayed at Excalibur because we had to -- Vegas was booked out during the April weekend we went, due to a broadcasters' convention. And yet it lived up to all of our expectations... the dim lighting, the non-smoking smoke-tinged room, the pool that tasted salty (yeah, I got out pretty quick after I put my head under the water) and the hike from the entrance through the casino to the far corner where the elevator was -- but it was the cheapest deal on the strip and probably did beat staying off the strip.
3	if u hav been to medival times in buena parkthe show with the knights is very similar and the food is similar tooits quite interesting
3	Maybe it's because we moved here from the San Remo (which was horrible), but the Excalibur seeed like heaven.Excalibur has been around for awhile. That doesn't mean they don't know how to do business. Rooms are clean and appropriately decorated with tapestries depicting medeival themes. The standard rooms are nice, and basically just like they sound...standard. Bed, tv, desk and bathroom. There are two towers of the hotel but both are connected to the main casino. Unlike some of the newer casino/hotels where you have to take a moving walkway or shuttle to the new addition. A great location (Excalibur is on one corner with New York, New York, The Tropicana and The Luxor on the other 3 of the intersection) and a great deal.
4	I felt like I was in Disneyland when I stayed here -- maybe because I spent more time in Fantasy Faire playing video games and winning stuff animals than actually playing in the casino. The medieval theme might be too much for some, but I thought it was cool. The rooms were fine, nothing special, just the view of the castle from our window. Do not check-in between 12:30pm - 3:30pm, it gets really busy and you'll be in line for an hour. There are check-in kiosks, but most were out of service when I tried it and the ones in-service, the lines were also long. I've lost some money already and was not planning to play anymore the first night I was there, but Pat G. wanted to try to win so I followed him around the casino. We sat at two empty slot machines next to each other, I watched him play. After a few minutes, I wanted to play so I inserted $20 into the machine. Pressed the maximum bet (3 credits), pulled the lever, hoping to hit something big OVER and OVER again until I had no credits left. I did not want to loose anymore money, but I wanted to win so I put in another $20. Only $7 dollars left, and what do you know...?!?!WHEEL-OF-FORTUNEWHEEL-OF-FORTUNERED SEVENI looked over at Pat G. and told him, "I think I won, I think I won!" We waited for the machine to stop ringing, seemed to have gone on forever. After it stopped, I printed out my voucher and cashed it in... SO COOL :-)!4-stars because I won playing the WHEEL-OF-FORTUNE!
3	I just got back from Vegas for a business meeting and ended up staying at Excalibur this time. The hotel kinda sucked. It seemed like a Circus Circus to me. I guess this hotel is mainly for family's with kids. We had dinner both nights here with the company. I would say that would have been probably the best thing about my experience here. (Once again food, my weakness =P). Anyways the first night we had dinner at Sir Galahad's. I had probably the thickness prime rib I've ever had. On the menu it said 12 oz Kings cut, but it seemed like it was 2 1/2 pounds. I guess because we had such a big party and was buying so many drinks they decided to give all of us who ordered the Prime Rib a bigger slice. The second night we had dinner at the Regale. It was Italian food. I would also say this was a nice place. I probably took like 11 shots of Patron, so I cant really tell you much about how the food tasted. You ask why I say 3 stars for a hotel I hated? Reason why is the restaurants are good. Even though this hotel is no Wynn or Belagio. =)
3	Worth the money you pay.The hotel is clean and comfortable and cheap rest. I like to save some of my money and I simply just came back to my room when sleep that's all. I spent most of my time in other places. When I was there they let's me checked out at 6 pm with no charge, that's so kind.
3	inspired by Vincent T.Excalibur!!!!!  Casino of wonderment and lore.  Fair maidens and Germans with Birkenstocks traveling on the escalators, in complete awe of a bastardization of the Middle Ages.  Excalibur is sweet, like mead on a cold day.  What casino/hotel can boast Merlin overlooking the Strip, on the front of their fortress, and a pimpin' one at that.  Can't you just see Merlin pimpin' all the tourists? "What's up biatches, give me your loot since my castle is in disrepair, Arthur needs to find the grail, I'll bust some Drgaon's Breath on your ass if you hang out at Luxor, abracadabra bitches!"  The Bellagio may have that wonderful and corny water show, the Rio may have the psuedo Brasilian Carnival trappings, the Luxor is a pyramid with a giant white light emanating from the top, but none of those places have a pimpin' Merlin.
3	How cool was this place when you were little?  Seriously... it was like Disneyland minus the rides.  Well guess what?  You're not a kid anymore and the place is about as cool as Disneyland minus the rides.  Did I say that already?The hotel hasn't changed much over the years.  The rooms are decorated with ordinary hotel furniture that has seen better days.  It's a great place for you and some friends to crash especially on the strip but if you're bring a date... go somewhere else.  Unless he or she has a castle fetish, spend a few extra dollars to stay at some place nice.  If you've read my reviews.  I always refer to the old saying, "you get what you pay for."Take a look around the internet.  I've often seen discounts for Excalibur rooms on their hotel website, expedia, or american express website.  The discounts I've seen and used from american express are discounted rooms and a $25 dollar credit towards dinning.  (I suggest eating at the Sherwood Forest Cafe.)
3	I was here for my brother's wedding last weekend; congratulations to Seattle yelpers Erik T and Laina B(T)! Anyway, I'll start my review with the wedding, since that was the best part. I'll let the happy couple expound on their wedding package when they write their own reviews, but it seems like they got a pretty good deal. The chapel is actually really nice - I posted a picture. It was elegant and not at all cheesy; there was no Excalibur theming at all, though I suppose they could probably do that if you wanted to. The ceremony was extremely organized and the staff was very helpful. I was a little worried when it was 10 minutes before the wedding and none of us knew what to do, but then they walked us through it, you go here, you go here, etc., and it all went off very smoothly. The prep room for the bride seemed nice enough, and I thought the flowers they provided were lovely. The ceremony itself was simple and well done, followed by photos taken by the Excalibur photographer. Again, well organized and painless, no standing around for ages. They had the chapel for an hour, so after the ceremony and the pictures, we had the rest of the time to hang out and take casual pictures, then when our time was up, the minister introduced the bride and groom and we were on our merry way. Very well done.Moving on, I thought the food here sucked. Ate at Sherwood Forest cafe and the buffet. Bleah. But the happy couple got a nice dinner at the Sir Galahad steakhouse as part of their package and they really liked it, said it was comparable to Ruth's Chris. As for the rooms, meh. Our room was relatively clean; like others have said, it's Super8-ish, and even the non-smoking rooms still smell like smoke. There were not many amenities in the room - no fridge, no bedspreads, and the internet connection is expensive and is not wireless. I wouldn't have minded if we had paid the usual price, but unfortunately, there were 4 conventions in town this weekend and the prices everywhere were super jacked up, and we had to pay nearly $200/night, so obviously, it was not worth it. Still, it was convenient for the wedding, and I do give them props for keeping our party together, we all had rooms next to each other. The wedding couple had a suite, so of course it was nicer. But they did find a broken bong in their fridge, AND this was their second room because the first one had mold in it. Another person in the party was so upset with the disgustingness of her room that she checked out. So, I guess  it varies. **useful information alert** When I made the reservation by phone, she gave me a number to call for Express Checkin. You can call as early as 10:00am on the day you are arriving to pre-checkin. That way when you get there you can just go straight to the kiosk without waiting in line, just swipe your credit card and the machine spits out your room keys. Very convenient!As for the casino, well, I wasn't here to gamble, but if I were, I would want to go somewhere other than here. If I want to smell like smoke and hang out with old people I can just go to any of the casinos back home. There's all these annoying tools that grab you at the door trying to rope you into whatever little deal they've got going on, so I really hated that. Once outside, I didn't want to go back in. Between all the noise and the smoke, I can't believe people take their kids here.
2	One of the oldest hotels on the strip.  Rooms are somewhat nasty, but the location is good.  Casino sucks.  This place is for midwest tourists on a budget!
1	when you're in vegas for ces and you run into a lot of your colleagues, one of the first questions people ask is "where are you staying"? it's sorta like asking people where you went to college in your early twenties. without fail, everyone giggled or asked, no really, where are you staying. that reaction pretty much sums up my experience at the excalibur. one good thing about the older hotels is that you can open the windows in some of the rooms. fresh air in a hotel is as rare as a snowman in vegas.
2	this place needs to be leveled in favor of a hotel that is actually nice. i can't give it 1 star since there are far worse places to stay in vegas (think the hilton or anywhere downtown of Fremont Street). the place looks like a giant castle, which is retarded since vegas isn't exactly geared toward kids. the inside is gross, the rooms suck (horrible beds) and with the location on the strip, there should be a much better hotel here (it's right next to the luxor and new york new york)basically what it comes down to is don't stay here.
2	Jesus, why do I sit up all night in tacky casinos whenever I'm in Las Vegas?  This was the last time I'll ever find myself saying, "another Corona, please," to a waitress in tights at 5:30 in the morning, as I press the "Play Maximum Bet" button on some ridiculous slot machine (......yeah, right......).The room.  What can I say.Love ya Vegas.
3	A nice cheap hotel.  Good central location with easy access to Luxor, Mandalay, NYNY, MGM, and more.  The room wasn't spectacular.  Our TV remote only worked from 6 inches away and the power button on the set was MIA, but who is in Vegas to watch TV?  Who is in Vegas to sleep for that matter??  I will stay again if the price is right...
4	I actually love this place.  Its a dirt cheap place to get a room to shower in.  No one sleeps in Vegas!  The tables are generally cheap and easy to crack, so getting some walking around money isn't that hard.  Playing Blackjack, the rookies come out at this place.  Moron's sitting on 3rd base will hit on a 14 with the dealer showing a 6.  I usually stay here and prowl the strip.  If you're there to make some money, don't spend it on a room when you'll just be pulling 36 hour sessions anyways.
3	I dont know why so many people trash this Hotel, of course its not fancy but its ok, and also in a great location, just dont eat there,, the food is bad... and dont stay there is you dont like kids, I find the whole theme lame, but its not one of the worst hotels on the strip, if you find a good deal then stay there... One cool thing is the Tournament of Kings show, its about $50 per person, but you get to have dinner (consisting of soup, bread, chicken and pepsi... dont remember if im leaving something out, sorry..., you can have alcohol but its $$extra$$) and you get no fork or spoon, eat with your hands baby! you get to cheer on whatevers character zone you are sitting in, they all fight and its a good time...
4	Go see Tournament of Kings. It's totally worth the price
1	Tournament of KINGS show SUCKED. DO NOT GO TO THIS SHOW EVEN IF YOU HAVE A FREE TICKET. Yes the fact that dinner is a part of the show is very enticing, but stay away. Not only is the show very boring and noisy sounding, the food is very bland too. For vegetarians, the lasagna wasn't too bad, but the meaty meal was a bland chicken with some bun. The show involved repeated cheers to the "Kings" when they hadn't performed any great feat (as yet). A small portion of teh show had some decent fighting, but lasted for less than 5 minutes. Rest of it was a TOTAL waste of time. Go catch other shows instead. Carrot Top or soemthing.. In short, I do NOT recommend this show.
1	What a dump.  I took my teen son here because someone had said they had a good arcade.  Most of it is midway games like at a carnival, and set up to suck the kids dry before giving them a cheapo toy.  Very few decent machines for gamers.  Biggest impression for me was, no offense, but the crowds there looked like they came right off of the Wal-Mart floor.  Big families, big people, lots of strollers, lots of noise.
1	This hotel even in its heyday gave me the heeby jeebies. For some reason it's always felt claustrophobic to me. Sure it resembles some castle which is supposed to make kids feel welcomed, but trust me, my lil guy doesn't care about that. My lil guy's favorite hotel is The Westin, so seriously, Excalibur just does not do it for him (nor me).The place needs a desperate new coat of paint on the outside. When you drive by on the freeway it just stands out like a sore thumb, looking really ridiculous amidst all the new flashier hotels either already up or on their way to being built.It's definitely cheap to stay here, but why would you want to?
3	I like this place for some reason.  Cheap food and cheap room.  Thats all you need.  And also the fun zone downstairs is great for hours.  Pool sucks but this hotel is always fun.
3	Stayed here over the weekend for a last minute get away. For what you pay for, it is adequate.  I stayed in one of the newer rooms with the wide screen TV.  Didn't watch it though.   They are doing remodeling of the resort, so hopefully it will look better. It is showing its age inside and out.The new pool is almost complete and looked nice.
1	Yahhhhh I was here a couple of years ago and was appalled by the hotel.Well, to start off with, I was using the hotel to just store my bags for the day until I had to catch my red eye flight and didnt want to spend a good chunk of my money on The Hotel at Mandalay bay just for 6 more hours.So I just decided to rent out a room at Excalibur.My gawd.. it was nutz.  The check in line was like the lotto line.  The rooms were okay size but everything in it was just basic.  The beds were sinking in.  There was a humid smell in the room which wouldnt go away and I think the AC made it worse.  But in terms of cleanliness, it was okay.  I didnt see anything that was gross or dirty.
2	for reals, don't do it.  You can find cheap tables here but I wouldn't stay at the hotel unless you got a super good deal and you don't mind a lot of noise.
4	This place gets four stars for value only.  It is not quite a steaming pile of crap, but it is very cheap looking.  It's also at the south end of the strip, and kind of a hike from the middle when it is over 100 degrees.  The decor is almost awful, the food selections are worse, and it is all-around cheesy.  We did have fun at Thunder Down Under (male reveue, really fun), the pool is pretty nice with waterfalls all over, and the tables are cheap.  This is the perfect place if you're looking to save your money for Vegas' expensive food and drinks, not to mention gambling.  No need to pay more to stay somewhere when it's just a bed.  It is clean, save for the casino floor which is loud, dirty, and smoky.  My friend and I did our best gambling at Excalibur (roulette), a sentiment echoed by my sister on her trip here this past spring.  Overall, I see no reason to pay Vegas prices for everything, so stay here for value but don't be surprised when it's not the Wynn.
1	I hate Las Vegas, but I sometimes accidentally still go, and Excalibur doesn't even have any of the things that I hate the least, like swankiness or remotely good looking people or a cool pool scene.
1	Staying in the Excalibur is like accidentally stumbling into the 1960s, when Camelot was on Broadway and empire waist dresses were really fashionable.  Except that was 40 years ago, and did I mention the hotel looks like it's been untouched since 1960?  To be fair, the cocktail waitresses' outfits remind me of the late 1980s, so that's a moderate improvement.  The best thing I can say about the Excalibur is that it's cheap, and it's on the strip.  Those are two positive points (thus the two stars).  Oh, and there are two Starbucks in the bottom floor now - trust me when I say this is an improvement on the meager options that used to exist!!  Sadly, I have to stay here for work every year so I will be back.  A couple of tips I've picked up along the way:1.   There is always a line at the Starbucks in the food court, but there is NEVER a line at the Starbucks on the casino floor.  Go to that one unless you like excessive waiting.2.  Speaking of excessive waiting, the first time I came to the Excalibur I was really frustrated that I couldn't get the "Express Check-in" kiosks to work.  I've found the trick.  There is an online check-in website where you can basically pre-register to check in - if you follow the instructions on the website, you'll be able to swipe your credit card and check in without waiting in the lines (which are ALWAYS ridiculous).  It doesn't work unless you pre-register in advance, but it's definitely worth it.3. It's a lot more fun if you have a sense of humor about the ridiculously low-tech "light show" surrounding Merlin at the entrance, the dimly lit rooms, and the "tapestries" on the walls.  Oh, this also goes for any lounge or featured entertainment performing at the Excalibur (I'm talking about you, "Thunder from Down Under!")
1	This place is way past it's prime, come to think of it, all of Vegas. The front desk was reasonably nice but it took me several trips to the front desk and phone calls to house keeping to get a damn room service menu. My bathroom spontaneously flooded and the emergency alarm went off at 3:15am scaring the life out of me. I've been to Vegas 5 times over the last 8 years and unfortunately stayed at the Excalibur twice. It has only gotten worse, I used to think that having fun in Vegas was just a matter of money, the more you spend, the more fun you will have. But when my friend got mugged at gun point in a club and you start getting ripped off by some of the cab drivers and hotel staff (most are very nice) you wouldn't want to spend big money there anyway.
3	I ate and gambled elsewhere. Nothing at Excalibur looked tempting. But BUT four stars for the renovated rooms! Giant flatscreen on the wall. Big stand-up shower (no tub shower grossness). BIG bathroom counter. Cool modern faucets. Blackout roman shades (Roman shades! That means no crack in the middle when you can't get the drapes to meet in the middle and stay closed!) The hotel is just eh. I have no idea why people bring little kids to Vegas and why they feel like the walkways are the perfect place to stop their strollers. But the renovated rooms are great!
1	Excalibur is a hotel people stay at, that have never been to vegas before.  Or for business people that need a lower cost place, and no other options exist (I fell into that). Even with the "front desk upgrade" that took place has not really helped overall.  If not staying there, I use the their tram to relay my way down to Mandalay Bay or back.
5	one pull at a dollar slot and i thought i'd won the jackpot. it was the first time i was in vegas, 2002, legally. i threw my only dollar bill into the machine and thought that i would give it a whirl. i pulled on that lever and out popped $50 in chips. i was amazed. i thought one more pull wouldn't hurt. it took me a while to convince myself. finally, i reasoned with myself and said "what the hell. i popped in $1 and out came 50. i'm up 49. even if i put one more in...i still will be up more than i started out with."  i slipped in a $1 chip. pulled that lever and out popped $20 in chips!! talk about lucky. i stopped there and ended up buying myself a lil something nice before i went home. 5 stars for those slot machines. 0 stars for hotel room cleanliness and it being "pleasant"as for my hotel room, it stunk of cigaretes and old people. i wasn't having it. so i asked for my room to be changed. i complained so well that i got one night free and my room for only $49 each night for 3 nights. luck was on my side. =D
4	this is a great cheap hotel to stay at when you come to vegas!!  it's a little farther down on the strip but nice nonetheless.  it's also huge!!  my favorite thing about this hotel is the pool!!  they have a huge pool and a waterslide too!!  there are tons of chairs to lay out on and a beautiful waterfall to relax by.. they have tons of slot machines and other casino games to gamble your little heart away!!  i love the old school renaissance look of this castle themed hotel!!  check out thunder from down under for some hot austrailian men or the tournament of kings to root for your team's knight during dinner!!  i would stay here again in a heartbeat!!
3	There is no need to hate Excalibur. Right in the heart of strip, the location is awsome. Sure, it's like a time machine that brings you back to the (not medieval time, sorry) 90s when Vegas was trying to be a "family friendly" theme park. (Blah~)The room was OK, i have nothing to complain about apart from the carpet....man, it smells.The staffs were not rude but surely were looking at the clock & trying to get out of there.
3	OMG, what a horrifying experience! Well, the work convention was at Mandalay and due to last minute registration, I couldn't get into Luxor or Mandalay so instead of hiking from other hotels, I decided to stay on the same side of the block and figured there was the tram to ease the walk a lil. Tower 1 is beyond old, it's ancient dinosaur, a glimpse into a cheap and bad Motel 6!! My gawd, how can they not do anything with it soon?!! Fortunately, with a $20 upgrade, Tower 2 was much newer and nicer with flat screen TV and new carpet and solid mattress and new bedding and sheets!
4	Unpretentious. Reminding you that Vegas is not just extravagance and VIP booths and celebrity owned restaurants, but a place for poorly dressed, unattractive people. And LOTS of them. Everywhere. 1. Staff here has been extremely nice, the cute concierge guys who sell show tickets were very helpful and when walking back to my room looking like a hot hot mess, one of the repair guys actually walked me to my end of the hotel. It turned out he used to live in the Haight. The 94117 follows me everywhere. 2. 24 hour McDonald's in the basement. When you roll in at 7am barefoot after knocking back a gazillion glasses of bourbon with your new BFFs at Ceasar's Palace, you realize that you need a mass quantity of processed food or you're not going to make it. 3. Rooms are nothing special and the bedding is hideously tacky, but the water pressure is awesome and how much time are you spending here anyway? 4. The gambling is low pressure. Lots and lots of slots! The biggest negative is that there is no wi-fi, but I found a way around that.
2	Ew, this was hardly worth the $44/night I spent to stay here. The bathroom looked like something straight out of a Motel 6, and the mattress and comforter weren't much better. The hotel shampoo basically ruined my hair for 48 hours after checking out, and I had a hard time sleeping with such thin walls. We were lucky enough to get strip-view rooms, which was pleasant enough. Too bad Excalibur is so far from the center of the Strip that it wasn't much of a view. I will never stay here again. At least if I stay at some crapfest like the Tropicana I know what to expect.
2	One of my conferences was just held here at the Excalibur so I decided to book the accommodations here as well so that I didn't have to wake up butt early somewhere else and cab it here.This place SUX!!  I spent quite a bit for the room which suct even more.  I was expecting at least a tub to relax in after a long day of speakers and I couldn't even get that.  They were all showers!!! Sucky.  Anyhow, I was upgraded to Tower 2 (which is the newly renovated wing of two) which was nice.  The carpeting was clean and well kept still which was a relief.  The room lay out itself wasn't that bad either.  The sheets looked semi new, mine had a cigarette hole in it - GREAT!  But they looked like Target bed sheets - i guess contemporary? HAHA.  I did get a really awesome view of the freeway and the pools.  They just remodeled that as well.  Since I didn't get a tub, I was gonna hit the pool but the stupid place closed right after I finished my seminars so I looked for the jacuzzi.  Apparently you have to go to the SPA to use the facilities.  I was like ok... sure... but there's a fee of $20 to use it ... so I was like forget it ... I'll just hit the gym....THEN they told me that the gym was at THE SPA and I still had to pay.  This pissed me off. YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR EVERY LITTLE THING HERE!!!$1 phone access per day regardless of use.$20 for the SPA (jacuzzi, sauna, gym, steam room, etc)$10 for internet per dayAlso I went to the MIDWAY to kill time.  And as we all know it's for KIDS!!! But what the hell does it smell like a GERIATRIC WARD?!?!??!?! Confused the heck out of me.  Hahah.  I chilled a little btw workshops and just headed out of there.Good thing is that is a "DICK'S LAST RESORT" which is happening.Anyhow, good to know that this is here.  Don't stay here, unless you get it comped.  It's pretty Ghetto.  You can put in a couple bucks more for something a lot nicer like Monte Carlo.
3	I don't know about the hotel but the Tournament of Kings was pretty cool.  My girl and I wanted to see a show and have dinner and what better then to knock the both out in one try.  This was really cheesy but that is what we like about it.  We sat in Spain, so we rooted for the King who was knocked out of the tournament second.  Oh well,  our dinner was very "rustic".  A whole chicken, a big piece of steamed broccoli, some fried potato's, and goblet of tomato soup.  Which we had to eat with our hands.   Kazaaaaaah.  The acrobatic little gymnasts finished it out with an incredible display of athleticism.  Jumping and flipping like mad, mad I say!!  Ye show was fun,  but now on to a tavern for a pint of mead....
1	What hotelOn the stripIn Las VegasOn the strip!!!!Puts you in a roomA "front desk $20 upgrade" roomWITH SHEER CURTAINSAllowing light in at      Midnight      Morning      Evening      All hoursTo shine throughIn full force?http://i1.tinypic.com/6sm1xfr.jpg(I knowIt looks like a wedding budoirOr a dress Mariah would wearI had to improve somehow)
4	**Review of Poker Room only**Okay, so the Excalibur may be the ugly duckling of the MGM Mirage Vegas strip family, but at least they're not Circus Circus right!On my latest trip to Vegas I re-acquainted myself with their poker room, which I had on recent trips ignored for the more posh surroundings of the Wynn and Venetian.  But where the Excalibur's Poker Room lacks in good drinks and decor, they make up for in great staff and so-so players (which is a good thing).  The staff all seem like they've each been there 15+ years.  Dell, Daniel, and Laurie just to name a few of the dealers are all excellent dealers and fun to have dealing cards.  I'm glad to see that they got rid of that crappy free food table and now if they could just rid themselves of those half dollars they give out on the tables.
3	The bed was way to freaking soft, i rolled off it a few times. The casino was good, try the Deal or No Deal shots, i won 3 nites in a row.The little food court upstairs is cool, if ur looking to save some cash.The whole place is clean, and filled with polite and not to pushy ppl. i wold go back here. Its cheap and a play to lay your head, its fucking Vegas you shouldn't be in the room anyway!
4	It is a decent hotel with nice room and i got upgraded to a nicer room on the 22nd floor and that was awesome. It was cheap too especially the day after new years. I won and and lost in the casino and it was just a place to stay in vegas.
5	Location great, gym very nice, New Tower Rooms very Nice, Price point Great.  These are the main aspects I look at for a hotel.  Excalibur has it all.  No need to pay 3 or 4 times as much a night to stay at the MGM or Mandalay Bay.  If you dont need that Pirates of the Carribean Horsecrap then go to The Excalibur.  I like how you get a package with two passes for their Gym/Spa..  You can walk or take the tram to so many hotels from this location and the new tower rooms are quite nice.  Very solid Mattresses.  This place is great and a great price point in Vegas.  Spend your money on booze, food and gambling and stay at the Excalibur which is a solid place.  Big ups to my boy King Arthur.My boy Nick Smith says $5 Blackjack Tables are dope also
3	IMO, this place is a step up from Circus Circus. The place is family friendly and has something for everyone to do. The price to stay at this hotel is VERY FAIR. If you compare it to many other hotels, you would appreciate the price of Excalibur. Of course you're not sleeping in 5 star rooms, but they are more than comfortable and as I've stated above, they are a cut above Circus Circus. All the staff on hand are very friendly and the random characters walking around the hotel were humorous, to say the least. I haven't done the the "Knights of the Round Table" thing or whatever it's called, but it's something I wish to do when I come back just to see what it was all about.The hotel is right on the strip and with the tram stopping at the Excalibur, navigating around the strip from here is not a problem at all.So why three stars and not anything higher? When you compare it to Circus Circus, yes I believe it is a significantly better hotel/casino. If you compare it to the other big names on the strip (Wynn, Caesars, The Rio... blah blah) it doesn't compare. Of course those places cost an arm and a leg but you get what you pay for. NOTE: Getting "knighted" while drunk and having your friends post the embarrassing moment on youtube is very unappreciated. If I was any more belligerent "King Arthur" could have sliced me in the neck. =/
4	We enjoyed our stay here this past weekend.  We got a spa room, well worth the extra cost!  The rest of the room wasn't anything fancy, just a standard  hotel room.  But it was comfortable and clean.  The only negatives-some of the pillows were kind of squishy and flat.  Also, I noticed some trays and glasses in the hall by some of the rooms that didn't get picked up.  The breakfast buffet was very good.  There was a wide variety of items, something for everyone.  If buffets aren't your thing, there were plenty of other places to eat and lots of shops, souveniers, liquor, candy, etc...  I love the moving walkway and tram that lead to Luxor and Mandalay Bay.
4	Good ol' Excalibur Hotel.  Stayed here numerous times since I was a child, as the hotel is accomodating to all ages---hard to find in Today's Las Vegas.  Anyway, my most recent stay was during Xmas 07 which was in one of their remodeled rooms that feature modern decor and Flat-screen HDTVs.  The remodeled rooms feel really nice...unfortuanately they had very few free channels on TV, so there is nothing you can really enjoy on high resolution without paying extra.  The Casino action is hot as always, and their sports book/keno combo room is just the right size.  The remodeled casino really does feel really comfortable.  The Fantasy Faire for kids is still there, but carnival games are up to $2 now.....how i miss Circus Circus and their old 50 cents games.  Also, the arcades are old and outdated.  Ventilation is non-existant here, as the whole bottom level is extremely stuffy and smelly.  The Buffet is still there with their classic "cattle-line" style of food islands.  Went for Breakfast most recently...don't expect the best, but for its price, it is still worth it.  Besides, it's hard to mess up breakfast food.  The Dick's Bar is really trashy and gross.  Loud music, trashy women, etc.  I had a buy-one-get-one-free coupon for a drink, but after some trickery, the bartender ended up getting me 3-2 deal...what the heck?  Dick's really sucks.  Overall, Excalibur is a good value hotel-casino to stay at, eat and gamble....more like the classic las vegas experience.  If you looking for glitz and glamour, a niteclub, or a nice bar scene, look elsewhere.
4	A group of us stayed at Excalibur for a few days during New Year's  and the rates we got were awesome, we booked our rooms at $51/night and when we got there, we upgraded to one of the newly modelled Widescreen Rooms which was only another $20/ night... The reason I wanted to stay at Excalibur was because of its location and for the price we were staying there for, who could pass it up? Before this visit to Vegas, we would find ourselves travelling to the side of the strip where Excalibur was. So, we would always be walking or spending money on monorail tickets when we should have just booked a room here in the first place. I didn't really enjoy their variety of slots though, so I'd usually walk to Luxor to gamble... Their food court isn't too shabby, but you can always count on their buffet, Roundtable Buffet to get your fill. We tried The Steakhouse and the food was great, but the atmosphere was a bit weird... it was your typical dimly lit steakhouse, but the music playing did not fit, it was like 80s new wave or something like that...The room upgrade was alright, it was a standard hotel room, on the 26th floor with a view of the colorful "castle". The only big difference was probably the colors of the room and the flat screen tv. The only thing we did with the tv was express check out... so it was pretty pointless. At some point, the tv didn't work, but we assumed it was the power strip it was plugged into.. One call to the front desk and when we got back to our room, it was fixed. Being that it was New Year's and we were in Vegas, we brought HELLA acohol with us so we needed ice to keep it cold, but the room didn't have a fridge or anything. So of course, we went straight to the ice machine. I don't know how ice machines work, but the one on our floor was malfunctioning and wasn't make enough ice. For example, I wanted to fill the bucket for my room, and it took forever to do... and there was  guest behind me waiting for the machine as well. I don't think there was even any ice in the machine after I walked away. A friend of mine used his head and went up to the 28th floor where it seemed that there was no one occupying that floor. whenever we needed ice, we actually had to keep going up and down the elevator. I wouldn't mind staying here again if the price was right.
4	I have a bit of a germ phobia - so Vegas is not the easiest place for me to go. We stumbled in to Excalibur after 4am and after coming from Los Angeles - so yes, we were tired. Most rooms were booked up thanks to Nascar being in town, but there were standard rooms available. And clean.I found Excalibur to be very clean, although I never let the blankets touch me, just the sheets...I doubt they change those things often. Anyway. Clean. We finally had a view of the strip which kicked some serious ass, and we enjoyed the sounds of screams coming from the New York New York roller coaster.We had a giant TV in our room, no bath tub and really no bells and whistles - but it was a nice stay. I would recommend and I would stay again!And it was clean.. ;D
1	This place has a horrible air filtration system in the casino and just walking through the casino is gonna make you reek. I stayed here as a poor college student and will never stay here again since I felt dirty the entire time. We only used the room to shower and sleep. Zero time spent lounging around.  The room was a standard hotel room, slightly dated. In any other city, the room would have been decent, but in Vegas with glitz and glamor, it was disappointingly boring. BTW, the buffet sucks.
3	Hotel room: Stayed here because the rooms were cheap. The room was comfortable enough...well, seeing that we were only there to sleep it was fine (location wise it's pretty far from the hot clubs, there was a moth in our room, the room was pretty plain).  Room service was quick and friendly when we requested extra towels, etc.Casino: Low limit tables were awesome, but the drinks we had (strawberry daiquiri) was disgusting. Not even worth the $1 tip I put down for it.  My friend and I stopped by the arcade which was sort of depressing. A lot of the video games were out of service and the workers weren't really enthusiastic so we weren't motivated to really play any games. I remembered this place being so exciting as a kid, now it's just sort of depressing to be in unless you really like low limit tables.
4	I have extremely fond memories of Excalibur from the first time that I stayed there shortly after it opened.  I've always loved the decor and it's just how I remember it, albeit a bit worn down from the years.  It's missing its moat show, which is sad, but I guess good things come to an end.The tables are a bit cheaper than most, which is good if you're on a gambling budget.  They're the only casino that I've found that features War as a game.I'm eager to go back to Excalibur and experience more of it again!
4	I'm all about it! Thanks Excalibur for making Vegas memorable.
3	i used to like this place when i was a kid. i grew out of it. the rooms aren't so bad, but there is security checkpoint before you can head up to the elevators. don't get stuck without a key because they won't let you in the elevators if you aint got one.
4	We stayed here for a week and were happy with the room we had, especially because it was very cheap during the week.  However, the casino wasn't the greatest.  The dealers seemed to have an attitude and didn't make gambling there any fun at all.  But it wasn't a problem, we did just fine by gambling elsewhere and just using the Excalibur as our hotel.  One thing that did bug me was the people trying to sell me show tickets in the hotel lobby.  Seriously, I get enough of that on the street, I don't need it inside the hotel I'm paying for.  The food there is so-so, the buffet isn't the best but they do have a food court with the usual McDonalds, Pizza Hut, etc.  Also be aware that this place it a decent walk away from the North end of the strip.
3	Just about the cheapest hotel you can get to on the Strip.  It's not horrible,  and you pay for what you get.  The food options within the hotel, however, are terrible.  Choose here if you really don't care about your accommodations, and plan on spending very little time in your room.  Also, if you can get it for under $99/night through a special, that's probably your best bet.
5	I wouldnt be caught dead at one of those lame ass hotels like the Wynn, Bellagio, or Venetian. I have the money-- but this is fucking Vegas!! Its suppose to be all about novelty and cheesiness.  If I want a fancy over-priced hotel room, I'll go to New York. When I'm in Vegas I like to have fun. I like to stay in the last remnants of the great family fun themed hotels from the early 90's. A time when Vegas really started to become a magical place. Now that has been destroyed by the evil corporate money machine which plans on sucking all the life out of these places I love. Pirate show at Treasure Island-- GONE, Nile River Ride at Luxor-- GONE, Wizard of Oz theme at MGM Grand-- GONE. They are all replacing their fantastic themes with generic hip upscale bullshit. This isnt fucking Hollywood. Why the hell do I want upscale in Las Vegas? I want cheesy themes damnit!! I want to feel like a little kid again when I run up and down the casino drunk out of my mind screaming at women with large breasts. If I try this shit at the so called "Classy" establishments they will throw my ass out. Why the fuck do I want a Vegas with rules? I want a Vegas that is not afraid to live on the edge and give me a damn good price so I can use more of that cash on the booze. I WANT THE MIGHTY EXCALIBUR!!
1	I used to stay here relatively often because they often send me free rooms. This place has gotten so decrepit I no longer accept free rooms.. yes I pay $100-$200 a night to stay somewhere else because the rooms here have fallen below the standards of a Super8/Holiday Inn. Also, let's talk table limits. I used to love the $5 craps here... recently on an OFF weeknight, they were trying to have only $10 and up limits. I took a cab to Venetian and played $10 there. If I'm going to pay $10 to play, why the hell would I play in a slum? Also, the drink options suck here. I'm a huge fan of redbull vodka and tend to consume several while I'm playing. This joke of a casino has only this nasty Sobe stuff. It's awful awful awful. The one plus is the location.. I do enjoy it. However, the fact that I no longer accept free rooms here says something.
1	the good it's cheezy but then again its way over the top cheezy and it has medival nights or used too it really needs to be updated its still traped in the whole 70 ara or things the should sell this hotel and make it bomb i would recomed this hotel to anybody who wants to get dressed up take some acid and pretend they are a knight
4	This is an old school hotel...VERY 70-80s with it's amenties, smell, sights, and experience.But it's a bargain next to the venetians and bellagio's of the world.We went here last november for a bachelor party..I'm not much of a gambler anymore, but my friends were having a great time playing cards until late into the night.You know what I don't get???Why do people try to head to bed early when they're in vegas???The entire POINT is to get as much out of your days there as you can...Half my friends went to bed at 12pm..are you serious???The others were up roaming and having a great time.THE PLUSES about Excalibur...(depends on what you like)...For guys....There are a TON of girls just happy to hang out w/you at a moment's notice.My very married friend and father of two.. ran into 5 russian girls who were asking him what kind of party he had in his room...He had to politely refuse them(don't think he didn't think about it..because he did..I could tell on his face..haha)The very same night I discovered (Maybe I'm not supposed to relay this secret information out..but I don't care...I'm outta the game..I'll relay the secrets)..at around 3:30-4:30am...around the slots near the sports betting area it's called the "SOFT SPOT".Meaning..girls who want to be "taken away" to party with all just hang out there...waiting for guys to take them away...They were there like clockwork every night.  These girls were NOT professionals and didn't take compensation.  They're just like thegirls gone wild girls who know that this is the bus stop equivalent in the Excalibur.IF that's your cup of tea.. it's your "buffet" in that sense..Anything you want is there...Lots of blonde girls w/short denim skirts..bad make up, but rocking bodies..all just sitting on the bar stools..asking guys to party w/them...LOTS of them...we counted more than 40... And that happened EVERY NIGHT....And NO we did not indulge...my VERY nerdy friends and I just observed..that was enough for us....I had to burn those clothes..heheSo Excalibur is everything a vegas hotel is.  Cheap, excessive, and socially just a big splurging buffet...
1	Ya ya ya i know wtf am i doing staying here.So i go into the room.  The shower wall has a HUGE ball of LONG hair stuck to it.I drop my mascara.  The toilet has PUKE all down the side of it.  My best friend stayed here and when she put her key in and opened the door, there was a couple fucking on the bed.Need I say more?
3	We went to this hotel because we caught a great deal on air + hotel package.  Overall, the hotel is a little out dated, but they are renovating it.  We stayed in one of the "old rooms".  Even though this room was not renovated yet, it was still nice.  Everything was very clean and the bed was comfy.  The casino is a little on the small side, but we had good luck there.  The pool is nice.  They just renovated the pool area.  Now they have 3 pools with 1 of the pools for kids.  The staff was friendly and haleful.  Location on the stip is also very good.  The MGM, New York New York, and Trop are all within short walking distance.  Overall it was a good experience.  I would stay here again if the price is right.
5	my favorite hotel to stay at. mainly because it's all about castles and turrets and dragons and medieval times and HUZZAH! and seriously, who doesn't like stuff like that?rooms are good, place is cool. they even have this dinner and show thing where you can watch the horses and the jousting and whatnot. and dinner consists of tomato soup, cornish hen, whatever, no utensils. totally old school. reminds me of 'the cable guy.'HUZZAH!
1	about the buffet...we only went there because we had just arrived and were starving.  over the course of the next few days we sampled many other buffets and Excalibur was definitely the worst one.  Dining area was kind of dark and everything that sounded good on the menu inside or looked good when walking by turned out to be kind of a disappointment.Save your money for Bellagio's buffet.
4	Excalibur is an old relic left from the 80s when Vegas reached out to families hoping to tap little Johnny's college fund because dad has an "unbeatable" system. There's no night spots to speak of and the rooms are average at best. But who's sleeping? Despite these negatives, it is probably my favorite place to gamble. The dealers and the bosses are friendly. The cards are dealt at a comfortable speed. And the drink ladies came around very often. This definitely is in stark contrast to Mandalay in particular where it was all business.
5	I must say this place is pretty nice for the price we paid! We went to the Tournaments of the Kingdom show, well since we got the tickets for free. Worth the money to watch I must say if you can get them half the price. During the show, they did not provide any eating utensils. Basically, they wanna create that medieval style of eating with bare hands. The show is good but the food is just so-so. OK back to the hotel. It has a tram you can ride for free to Mandalay Bay and Luxor. So, it's a plus if you wanna go casino hopping, coming back from the hotel drunk or just trying avoid the hot weather. They have 3 pools, 2 hot tubs and also spa service too. The room and bathroom are very clean and it also has a widescreen tv, which is awesome! They also cleaned our room daily, changed the towels, provided new shampoo and soap and made the bed. On the day after we checked out, we have a lot of spare time to kill before our flight but it's inconvenient to walk around with the luggage with us. Guess what, they provide locker for free! Overall, I'm very happy with the stay in Excalibur....
1	Please, please, please tear this place down.  I couldn't stand it before I lived in Las Vegas, and I can't stand it now.  About the only thing this place is good for is to walk through when going from NYNY to Luxor.  It's just so gaudy... before you even get inside the doors of this hotel, they're yelling at you, "WELCOME TO EXCALIBUR!  ENJOY THE KNIGHTS OF THE ROUND TABLE BUFFET! PULL THE SWORD OUT OF THE STONE AND WIN A BALLOON!"  You get the picture.  Hopefully the picture is all you'll need.
3	I went to this hotel/casino/resort to use it as a hotel, and I didn't really care much about its other amenities. I chose it because I got a very cheap rate for a room. I can't comment on its restaurants, because I dined elsewhere. I can't comment on its entertainment attractions, because I didn't partake of them.My room was immaculately clean, and in excellent repair. It was comfortably furnished, and pleasantly decorated. While I know there were people in the neighboring rooms because I saw them going in, I didn't hear a thing. The staff was pleasant and cheerful. Checkout was effortless at one of the electronic checkout machines. In all, I would stay there again. It is not in any way extravagant, but was quite pleasant, and very inexpensive.
4	It's a bad 80's relic much that song final countdown (every time I think of this place the song pops up) but much like the song it's love to hate. I think they need to re-style it like TI (Treasure Island) to make it more hip to today's younger crowd because the thunder down under ain't cutting it. But the rooms are nice but you miss the nice view you might get from any strip hotel. I love the buffet they have. For my personal taste I don't like cheesy medieval stuff.
1	this place does not deserve any stars. i had to put one star in order for this review to get posted.please beware of door pushers in this hotel!!!if you decide to stay at this hotel make sure your doors are closed all the way & all your belongings are stored & locked away!! worse customer service ever!! it's not worth it to stay at hotel where you don't feel safe. please please please do not trust this hotel. you can find better hotels with better security.
1	Ugh!!! Stay at Excalibur if you LOVE, LOVE, LOVE being constantly harassed by "Tahiti Village". They have all of their time-share bastards planted all over this hotel!!! You can't get to or from your room, buffet, or restroom without being bombarded by their "we got some free tickets for you. Are you going to be with us tomorrow?" routine. This place SUCKED!!!! First off, the receptionist at the front desk was completely worthless when it came to checking us in the CORRECT room! We ended up with two queens when I specifically asked for a king. The air conditioner in the room stayed on for about 5 minutes and then turned off for four hours!!! And it was as loud a freight train, at that! When the rooms were "cleaned" they left no towels!! Once I called and asked for towels, they brought these stinky, burnt smelling towels! What is that!!!??  When I asked one of the 'housekeepers' where the ice machine was located, he just pointed! No verbal response, no eye contact...these people must never see the light of day. Or maybe they aren't allowed any other human contact? What was up with the elevator? We stayed on the 27th floor and to go down to the lobby we had to push the up arrow button! So basically we had to go out of our way two extra floors to get out of that freakin place!! This was supposed to be vacation, not a trek through the castle with Indiana Jones, for cryin out loud!! The hotel had NO party bars or decent drinking bars, WTF!?!?! The restaurants were mediocre at best. This place really should be torn down, or closed until they make some very necessary updates (bathroom, bedroom, ELEVATORS!!!) Enjoy your stay and reserve rooms at ANOTHER hotel....there's plenty to choose from ;)
3	The rooms were typical, the outside makes it look like it belongs in a Disney movie, and the drink girls could be a little younger.However, I love the dealers here, they talked a lot more than dealers at other casinos and seemed a lot friendlier. The dealers are what made the casino for me.
4	I was there this past weekend and lay by the pool. It was scorching hot, but the pool water was refreshingly cool. I ordered the hot dog, and it comes w/ your choice of cole slaw, fries, or another side (I can't remember) and fruit all for 5 bucks. I was expecting a regular size hot dog and being a hotel pool restaurant expected a high price for what you get.I was pleasantly surprised AND amazed at the SIZE of the hot dog I got. It was nice and juicy, and the salt content was just right. I ate the whole thing, and it is hands down, the BIGGEST hot dog I've ever had... dodger dogs move aside, there's a new hot dog in town... being around adult company, we also made innuendos about the hot dog... but I'm sure you can use your imagination ;) So I got a great meal at a great price. Their newly re-designed pool at the Excalibur (where this poolside restaurant is located) is nice. I didn't even feel like I was at the Excalibur, except for the kids around. :)
1	Don't ever stay at the Excalibur hotel. Why?Cuz they suck.Early the day before mother's day last year, I awoke to see a stranger going through our stuff on the dresser WHILE WE WERE THERE SLEEPING!Long story short: I screamed, guy grabs a couple bags and takes off, DH gives chase, I follow only to have the door close behind me with DS by himself, locked in the room and on the bed.  Now I'm hysterical cuz I can't get to my baby...guy got away, ditched the bags, and DH hobbles back bleeding from his foot.  Finally security shows up and I can get inside the room to DS who is now also hysterical.Here's where it gets interesting...Security takes report and within 5 minutes starts telling us we probably LEFT OUR DOOR AJAR!  Are you f*$*@& kidding me?  Yeah, we left our door wide open just in case we were expecting guests at 6 in the morning.  We got no help and no assistance from management.  No offers to change room, would not change the lock codes...and did I mention, DH broke his foot in 2 places. So now I'm in Vegas with a baby, a carseat, a stroller, diaper bag, 2 suitcases and a husband on crutches.  You think they'd help us out getting to the airport or SOMETHING.  Nope.  Just pointed us in the direction of the taxi stand and if we needed a wheelchair to transport my husband down from our room, that'll be $17 per day.  Thank you very much.Would I like to complain?  YES!  Can I please talk to a manager or someone with some semblance of authority?  I'm politely told that I need to talk to someone in guest relations.  Great!  Where can I find guest relations?  Oh, they won't be in until Monday.Bastards.
3	when i think of vegas, i think lights, glamor, fashion, flashy and sparkle. when i got to excalibur, i saw dirty, funky, smelly, trashy. i guess that's what you get for $187 a night.it got the job done, which was nice. and i won some money on their penny slots, which was even nicer. at the end (or the beginning?) of the strip, it makes for quite a walk. though i recommend walking, and not a cab. at least when you're going OUT. too much traffic to sit and pay up the shizang for a ride. but on the way back, cab it. or limo it. anything to avoid the long hike back in heels...
1	Game Area For families - BEWARE!We took our family (2 kids) specifically to this hotel because it has a arcade/game area and was a lot closer than going to Circus Circus.  Big Mistake!  When we got there, it was empty.  We were very happy, we didn't have a crowd to fight through.  But then it was time to get change from the machine.  The first one, broken/out of order/no more change, the second one, third one, the same thing--all the way to the tenth one!  So we get our quarters, put it in the arcade game and it eats our money!  We tried another game and the same thing happens.  We give up on the video games and try the carnival/prize games.  There isn't an employee at  the game.  We had to wait for the employee to finish one game and hop over the counter to run the game we wanted to play.  They were obviously short staffed and were multi-tasking.  But the employees were so unprofessional and unsafe.  Employees were carrying a conversation over the loud speaker, which included inappropriate comments to one another.  They were also playing tag, running around the game area, we had to go around them!  The hotel is is cool castle, but for your money, safety, and entertainment, don't go here.  Circus Circus is way better!  Their games, both arcade and carnival/prize games are even cheaper.
3	Wow, lots of haters here on this hotel! Ok, so for any frequent Vegas visitors out there, you know there are lots of hotels there where you can get five star accommodations, dining, entertainment and etc, but if all you're looking for is an inexpensive place to stay in Vegas that's still on the Strip, not too seeedy,and on the south end, then Excalibur's a fine choice for you. I'd rather stay here than Luxor. I stayed in one of the newly renovated rooms in Tower II, but not facing the side of the strip. The room was a lot nicer than I expected and it looked modern instead of that outdated "medieval" look that the rooms have had for ages. The bathroom was especially nice and pristine. They give you a big widescreen plasma TV in the room too. The internet services they provided seemed outdated, and it didn't work the first time I plugged my laptop into the cord, but their maintenance staff were very quick to get to my room and fix the connection. I'm not much of a gambler so I can't say anything about the casino experience there. For the food, I went to the snack shop that's near Tower II and you can get a decent sandwich there for about $7. Or you can always go downstairs to McDonalds, and Quizno's and etc. The steakhouse there is pretty good too, but overpriced. What made that meal great for me was that it was all comp'd thanks to one of those Tahiti Village promos. If you're looking for fine dining or a buffet, take the express tram to Mandalay Bay.
2	After you've been to Las Vegas for an hour, the glamour wears off.  The arcade below the Excalibur? It makes Chuck E. Cheese look rather classy and educational. There's a metal claw over stuffed animals where you put your quarter in and the claw doesn't even move. It's broken, if not enough to have not taken your money. And you're staring at this metal claw thinking, "Ew, I'm underneath a casino. What smells like swamp water?"I like Treasure Island.
3	I dont get why a bunch of people are complaining about the Excalibur. Don't hate dudes! You guys need to look at the star rating of hotels before you actually decide to book. If you are dishing out about $85 a night for a 3 star hotel, dont expect 5 F'in star service.  Not to mention you are located on the hottest corner of LV, which is Tropicana and the Strip. Leave your room for christ sakes!The room itself was just a room. You get a bed, it smells good and theres one non-high definition TV. View out the window was a parking lot. Fortunately there were elevators that take you up to your room, no stair climbing necessary. The bathrooms were spacious and huge shower areas for those manage sessions with anyone you bring back. Just a word of caution, they do check key cards for everyone going up to the rooms area. Make sure you have your key on you at all times! Other then that..do all of your clubbing, eating and gambling across the street at MGM or NY NY. They are all walking distance.
3	OK, it's not the RItz as Hotels go. I stayed there in the mid-1990s and it was awesome. Now, it's old and feels old. The rooms aren't great. They're a bit like the ones at the Luxor except I paid way more for them and they're not quite as large. The room service ain't great either as it took them forever to get it to us. The Buffet used to be great and now it's merely good and probably a little over-priced. They've got a Cinnabon, which is awesome as when I'm taking a Casino for a bunch I enjoy celebrating with a tasty cinnamon bun. It was a tasty way to end my night. The Casino is old and full of family gambling types and other Casino employees. It's actually a pretty good crowd to play with. The Texas Hold-'Em table game is the best one on the Strip without question. Their Blackjack has the surliest dealers I've seen in ages and that's a good thing if you're just there to play hand after hand without too much chatter. I love those types of dealers once in a while. The staff tends to be good, though not on the level of the Luxor or New York, New York.
3	On this Vegas trip, I came with 3 budget minded classmates.  While I usually like to stay in classier spots, I understood that unless I wanted to fork out more  money to stay at classier spot, this would have to do.  For 3 nights we spent a total of $183 and change. Split among 4 girls, that's pretty darn good.  Yes, everyone in our room was outdated, we stayed in Tower 1.  But hey, we weren't there to enjoy the room.  It was just a spot to sleep and store our stuff.  So for what we wanted, we were definitely satisfied.
1	Stay elsewhere.  This place is old.  Everything is worn out.  Not worth the money.  Pay more at a different hotel or stay at the motel.
4	8.23.08: Hmmm.. what happened? Am I in the wrong place? Hello?!? I use to remember this place as the "DO NOT ENTER ZONE". I remember it was freaking yucky and it always smelled like pee. The place still looks old but the rooms are freaking gorgeous. I would say this place is overall a 3.5. Customer service is actually great here. Called front desk a couple of times and they were very attentive. Make sure to get the remodeled rooms and even then its still at a great price.The only thing I really didn't like was the fact that the pool water was nasty! OMG I tried to avoid it but my girlfriends decided to splash water..damn it. Their pool is not known for hot models so expect to see creepy guys and families.
3	I'm pregnant and I did not enjoy having to walk what felt like a gazillion miles from hotel registration to Tower II through the smoke infested casino, past Dicks, to a confusing set of elevators.The hotel room was alright, but I've definitely experienced better.  I'm just glad we paid for the upgraded room... I can't even imagine what one of the older rooms might look like without the renovations.One good thing about the Excalibur is how it is centrally located and there is easy access to the neighboring casino-hotels.  So I say 3 stars... but I suppose you could just as easily stay at one of the neighboring places instead .
4	I was actually impressed by Excalibur. I mean, it's not a 4 or 5 star hotel, kids, but they have stepped up their game!BFF and I stayed in a remodeled room. The tower we were in was perfect for us, it is right by the pool and right on the corner, so we didn't have to walk forever to get to our room. (I can't remember if it was 1 or 2! Sorry) Plus we had an awesome view of NYNY and the MGM. The room itself was okay. WAY nicer then the old rooms. The widescreen TV was nice, but it's Vegas - we didn't come to watch TV. The bathroom was large, with Kohler faucets and a walk in shower, so no gross standing water to worry about. The front desk was nice enough to let us check in at 10am, instead of 3pm, and for free. On our check out day, we did have to pay $40 to have a "late" check out...which was so worth it.  We didn't have to leave the room until 3pm.You can tell that Excalibur is trying to attract more 'party' people. On weekends, they have a 'party pit', with blackjack, roulette, etc. The big draw is the Pussycat Doll-style dancers they have dancing around the tables. Kinda bizarre, but BFF was told by a few guys that they had been sitting at the tables all day and night. The pool area was also remodeled. Supposedly they have a wave pool and an adults only pool, but for some reason, those were closed when we were there. However, the pool that was open was large and had seating IN the pool. It was so nice to sip at my margarita while in the pool.The Excalibur is not luxury, but the price and location is right. I'd stay again!
3	Aww, come on people.  This place is pretty cool.  I've never stayed here, but I've visited numerous times.The exterior is fantastic - and quite glorious at night.  And Tournament of Kings is pretty sweet.I will say that the interior seems cluttered and crowded...and that most of the people I've encountered inside are rather sketchy...But whatever, it's a fun place to visit!
3	I can't really complain too much since I got the room for a mere $69 after tax.  They held my bags for 6 hours before I checked in.  Check-in and Checkout were efficient w/o the wait I had at other Vegas places.  The casino is kinda lame but I had fun playing bubble hockey and airhockey with my friend in the basement kids area.  Certainly wouldn't eat here or come here for a special occassion, but for a simple place to stay so I could save my money for shopping, dining, and events?  Sure.  Its a comfy bed with a lockable door, a shower with hot water, and clean towels.  Nice soaps and ESPN, too.
3	Same review:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/excalibur-las-vegas#hrid:EbB0EKtVh33AWJRNqhIJ4Q
3	Someone condense these:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/excalibur-las-vegas#hrid:EbB0EKtVh33AWJRNqhIJ4Q
1	Wow. Gross gross gross. I stayed here Memorial Day Weekend 2007. The whole place reeks of cigarette smoke and I've stayed in nicer and cleaner rooms at a Motel 8.
4	I think the reviews of this place are a bit harsh.Here is what the Excalibur is:A cheap room with one of the best locations on the strip.  You're directly connected to NYNY, Tropicana, MGM Grand, Luxor and Mandalay Bay.  You don't get the fancy amenities of the higher end places, but if you're looking for a clean place to crash and not spend a lot of money on lodging- this is it.The smoke in the casino might be a little worse than newer or higher-end places, but it's really not that bad.  People just have to face it- a lot of people in casinos smoke.  It's like complaining that they serve booze.  The only real negative I can say is that the beds are rather uncomfortable.  Other than that, this was a great budget-friendly place to stay for a long weekend of partying and gambling in Vegas.  Highly recommended if you're coming for the same purpose.
2	Talk about Ghetto. Yeesh. The Excalibur is icky even by 3 star standards. Sure, it's got the Medieval theme, but it's not like an "authentic" Medieval theme, it's like the Fairy Tale cartoon version of Medieval. I am pretty sure no one over 10 is gonna buy the ambiance of this place. I don't even like walking through the casino. Really, the only reason to go there is to get on the tram - or maybe, if you came to Vegas with kids. But why would you do THAT??? Sure, it's cheap. And the room definitely reflects that...but I'd rather stay at the Imperial Palace - someplace less in disguise and more straight-up cheap. I can't specifically pinpoint the reasons why I will never stay there again - it just left me with a very "unwashed" feeling - even years later (I stayed there in 2001). Expedia tells me they're remodeling some of the rooms -- I wonder if they can do something to the outside too? To make it less Disneyland Princess Castle...
3	Why the hate?  Sure, it's not the best hotel in the world, but for the less monetarily endowed of travelers (or those just wanting to stretch their dollars more for the tables), Excalibur is pretty good.  And I'd have to agree with Sonya about the exterior; it's as if Disney grew up and lost its virginity... and some class.Casino's kinda smelly, and the food isn't incredible, but it's nothing worse than average.  Great pool areas, and it would be great for kids; the arcade isn't something to be sneezed at.  Plus if you don't want to spend all your time there, walk across to NYNY.  Easy.
3	My review will be divided into two parts: hotel stuff and fun stuff.Hotel stuff:  The room was small but fine, even for 4 rather boisterous and bedazzled ladies.  But something crazy was up with the air conditioning or something, because no matter what setting we chose, even "off," the room was constantly humid and muggy.  We were only on the fifth floor!  Hotel rooms should not be MUGGY.Also, the maid service left a bit to be desired.  We never had enough towels, and they didn't pay attention when they refilled our toiletries in the morning, so we ended up with three body lotions and no shampoo.   ??Hotel stuff: minus.  For the price, acceptable, especially if you do Vegas right and don't spend any time in your room.Fun stuff:  I really liked the casino- it's not too elegant and somber like some of the other hotels, making you feel like gambling is serious business and you can't have too much fun.  The dealers are wicked nice, although some of them get a little pushy asking you to throw down for them on the craps table.I ate at the Sherwood Forest Cafe (all night) and it was a bit overpriced for what was essentially a diner, but it was nice to be able to get real food at any hour.The pool area was not so great- just plain pools, not many chairs, and they boasted about a daily party each evening that never materialized.  Ouch.Stuff that was AWESOME:-Thunder from Down Under:  classy male strip show with muscle-y, accented guys who clearly have a ton of fun and don't mind if you get a little grabby as long as you "handle with care."  (Direct quote)  Ladies, I HIGHLY recommend this one.-Dick's Last Resort: makes no apologies.  Loud and rude and drunk and crazy and half naked, and that could describe the waiters and bartenders or the patrons.  Kickass live band that plays anything you ask, and the final nail in the coffin of awesomeness would be the paper hats the bartenders make patrons who strike their fancy.  One fiance wore a hat on his head that said "Hello wedding bells, good-bye blow jobs."  And my grandma (yes I went to a bar in Vegas with my grandma) was given one that said "I can't believe my granddaughters are such whores."  That's right.Excalibur:  keeps it real, which is hard in Vegas.  Not the most plush environment, but comfy, and not overwhelming.
3	So we booked a room here, because like everyone else, it was inexpensive. I have read that this casino is a bit on the older side and I was willing to deal. As we walked through the the lobby/casino floor I could visually observe the thick cloud of cigarette smoke I walked through absorb into my hair. Super ick! The women gamblers were all older Peg Bundy look-a-likes and there were way too many kids here breathing in that second hand smoke. Based on my observations, I was very hesitant as to what our room would look like.Now, my superbulous man-friend surprised me with an upgrade to our reservations which included a view of the strip. The renovated room was very much acceptable with granite table, counter tops, flat screen TV and even a  seating area in front of the window. The view of the strip was beautiful and so worth it for only $30 more a night! What also annoyed me was the pull string to our Roman black-out shutters that kept breaking. In addition, my man-friend was horrified to find that a bottle of bourbon he had brought in his duffel bag had popped and saturated most of his clothes. The wait to dry-clean pretty much took the duration of our trip. Poor guy mostly wore undershirts! Super lame!Warning: Steer clear of the Sherwood Cafe!
4	Wow, I wouldn't have expected such hate on Excalibur...I like this place.  I like this place's rooms.  I really like this place's casino floor.  And I really, REALLY like this place's new poker room setup.  Seriously, I can't even describe how cool the poker room is.I spent 61 dollars a night on a remodeled room with a huge TV and a great view.  I played 10 dollar Pai Gow and 5 dollar Let it Ride.  I played 2/4 limit hold'em.  I played 5 dollar craps.  Limits were affordable, and I greatly appreciate that.And I enjoyed it all.  Excalibur is a 'middle of the road' casino, great for families and people on a budget.  It has easy access to Mandalay Bay, New York New York, and the Luxor.  It's at the beginning of the strip so a cab fare from the airport doesn't bankrupt you.  While I didn't see the show this time around, I enjoyed the Tournament of Kings when I did.  I also enjoyed both the Italian restaurant and the Steakhouse.I've been to hotel/casino's that have inhibited my fun level, and the Excalibur is definitely not one of them.  I have absolutely no qualms about saying that I would stay here again.  Huzzah!
1	This is based on my gaming experience only...I did not stay at the hotel...My fiance and I went in to gamble at the casino...first we noticed the casino seemed dingy with the old carpet....I sat down to play blackjack and tried to use my players club card ( which I had been using all day at Mandalay Bay and the Luxor)  to play $10 a hand blackjack.  Their pit boss came over and said "you cant use the players club card unless you play $15 a hand blackjack"  And he wasnt nice when he said it.  That turned me off since it had been honored and I was given credit at the other casinos and this place didnt seem as nice as the other two.  Later as we were walking through I noticed an EMS crew had come in with their stretcher.  Being a medic myself it perked my interest and I watched from at least 50 feet away.  Next thing I knew I had a security guard in front of me telling me I had to move on.  I was not interfering from my vantage point and could have easily sat down at a slot machine just several feet away and im sure nothing would have been said.  It just left a bad taste in my mouth and I care never to go there again....
2	My best friend booked a room here at Excalibur last month for our Vegas trip. It was decent. Two beds, four guys.. Yeah, we were on a budget OK! We opt for a smoking room (of course) and the room was decently sized. For the most part we just used it to store clothes, liquor, and used it as a place to shower and get ready.. We hardly did any "sleeping" during our time in Vegas.. Well actually I did... Damn alcohol poisoning...Hell, for the price, Excalibur isn't that bad. We had a nice LCD TV, and our room didn't smell like a gangbang was just performed the night before.
1	The exterior, from afar, is spectacular in that kitchy, over-the-top Las Vegas way that I love.  Beautiful.  Especially at night. The interior smells like a daycare about to be closed down by the state for unsanitary conditions.  Along with that smell comes a multitude of Ritalin-deprived children and their corresponding overweight, fanny-pack sporting parents.I'm sure without checking that the rooms are every bit as sweet as the casino area. If this place had the best VP pay schedules in town, which it does not, I still would never set foot in it again.
3	It's a Medievil castle! In Vegas! What more could you want? Ok so the themed rooms can be kind of old and tacky and the casino is not the classiest this town can offer but it has a certain charm to it nonetheless that's worth three stars.
4	The Excalibur is not the best casino on the strip, yes, but it is not the worst either.  I actually stayed here this time and felt like I made the right choice.  All I was looking for was a place to keep my stuff and take a shower between marathon gambling sessions and binge drinking and stuffing my gullet with massive portions of freshly killed carcass.I checked out reservations online and then called them directly and found out that making a reservation over the phone was actually going to cost me a total of .56 cents more than making them online.  WTF?  So much for getting a better deal from calling the casino directly.  Thanks MGM-Mirage!When I arrived to check-in I was hoping all the negativity that I had read here wouldn't apply to me.  Well guess what?  It didn't!  They checked me in 3 hours early with no problems whatsoever, they gave me a free room upgrade without me having to ask, gave me the location preference and bed size I requested, and knocked off another 46 bucks off the price of my total bill.   The room didn't smell like smoke, and it was clean in appearance unless you really really looked for small stuff.That being said, I like this spot because you are right between the MGM and the Mandalay pretty much, with walkways connecting that whole corner of the strip.  The casino is aged but the employees are nice.  I had a good time in the casino here and the lounges.  I was actually kind've disappointed that I never got approached by the 'party girls' another reviewer mentioned!  Right now the Excalibur is being used as a sort've experimental casino.  MGM-Mirage is trying out new things here first to see how they work out, before deploying them to other casinos.  An example of what I'm talking about is the video-poker room.  They took out the traditional tables and dealers for this new experimental system. I didn't really care for it.  I mean, you can't really watch a machine to see if it's cheating now can you?Overall, if you are looking for a cheap convenient alternative for rooms and don't mind a little walking, the Excal is a good headquarters to get your party going.
2	I'm not sure how to rate a casino, b/c ...well, if I lose, I have a bad taste in my mouth.  And, I lost here.  I only played poker but the experience wasn't that great. They have a few perks if you have to toss away losing pocket aces and you get to spin a wheel for some free stuff, but all in all, I didn't love it here.  First off, the hotel is FAR from where we were staying (Caesar's) and it was a hella long walk...It also was a bit more of a family-friendly hotel, so upon entering, I was overwhelmed by this factor.  I don't understand what the appeal is ...anyway...I also am not sure how to rate an experience, b/c well, every experience is different depending on players and I thought the ones at my table were too serious, not at all fun and the dealer wasn't that brilliant either.  I like my dealers to have a sense of humor, be helpful and a bit complimentary...these guys were none.  It was just kind of a dark/quiet experience.I was going to give it a three...but now I'm dropping it to a two.  It's not worth the trek out to no man's land Vegas to lose your ass with boring dealers and patrons.
2	This reminds me of the song Inner City Blues and Donny Hathaway's "In the Ghetto"Two BEAUTIFUL songs, and I conjure them to cope with how incredibly disgustingly awful this place is.  Dingy is a good word.  It is like an endless universe of cigarette smoke stumbled into this place to destroy any hope you could have with dealing with this place.Coyote Ugly?  Are you kidding?  The casino is weird, the dinner is sooooo bunk, I am sure the buffet was okay but I was running out with my finger ramming into my temple in panicked irrationality.I wouldn't even go inside later to get to the tram quicker.  Please.... don't make me go to white trash disneyland strip mall again.  Please.Oh yeah... Dick's Last Resort?  funny... you can get "crabs"  hahaha... but it kills the awful theme, you know?
2	This reminds me of the song Inner City Blues and Donny Hathaway's "In the Ghetto"Two BEAUTIFUL songs, and I conjure them to cope with how incredibly disgustingly awful this joint is.  Dingy is a good word.  It is like an endless universe of cigarette smoke stumbled in here to destroy any hope you could have with dealing with this place.Coyote Ugly?  Are you kidding?  The casino is weird, the dinner is sooooo bunk, I am sure the buffet was okay but I was running out with my finger ramming into my temple in panicked irrationality.I wouldn't even go inside later to get to the tram quicker.  Please.... don't make me go to white trash disneyland strip mall again.  Please.Oh yeah... Dick's Last Resort?  funny... you can get "crabs"  hahaha... but it kills the awful theme, you know?
3	Okay, so the only reason I am giving this hotel 3 stars is because I got to see a room in the remodeled tower; other than that?  Definitely should be a one or two stars.   So, a little weekend trip was in order with the hubby and two of my cousins and their husbands.  We were also there for the fight, but mostly to hang out.  Hubby and I booked rooms in the first tower (they have two) and the room was so janky! (you know, disgusting, broke down, etc)  Our tv was sooo small, it reminded me of the tv I used to have in my bedroom at my parent's house, the bed was not that comfortable, the bathroom wallpaper was yellow-y, the fixtures were old, etc.  The furniture in the room was just old and outdated as well.  BUT....it did serve it's purpose of giving us a place to shower,  sleep, ETC,  and while in Vegas, that's pretty much all you need a room for right?  :)  My cousins actually got to stay in one of the newly renovated rooms with the flat screen tv's and those rooms were really nice!  Newly updated carpets, nice decor with the chocolate brown and blue drapes and bedding. Huge flat screen mounted on the wall.  Marble bathroom counters, new furniture, etc.  We got to hang out in their room for a bit, and I wishing the whole time we were in one of those rooms, it was way nicer!  We were also there for the De La Hoya vs Pacquiao fight and the hotel actually had a closed circuit viewing of the fight in the Thunder from Down Under Showroom (for those of you who may not know, it's the all male revue show!)  for $40.00 per person-definitely worth it to see that fight!  Would I go back?  Probably, I just wouldn't make it my first choice, but if I do go back, it's definitely going to be in the newer, remodeled rooms for sure!
4	so, I'm basically gonna write my review about my stay as a hotel guest, and not based on what it looks like from outside. Mind you, from the outside of course, its no Ceaser's Palace but its pretty credible..looks like cinderella's castle to me and I found it to be very beautiful I got this via travelocity for a very good price - and the hotel is totally worth more than I actually paid. We stayed in the newly renovated tower with the 46inch widescreen LCD tv's and 2 queen beds..with strip view overlooking the MGM. Great stay, very comfortable beds, and equally well kept bathrooms. A good buy if you're planning on staying on the strip.
1	Had to babysit my niece in the Fantasy Faire gaming area for children. My goodness is this place run terribly. The kids that run the place(yes I mean kids) were rude, and did not take their jobs serious at all. I would not come back.
2	So I would give more like a 2.5 stars. Stayed here for a weekend. Didn't understand why there are ladies dancing on the main floor with the likely possibility that families will be there. Their buffet is on the cheaper side but so is their food. They had a taco area, which I liked because they were taco. But tacos don't cost $17. Their selection wasn't very expansive or special. I do like the idea of their arcade downstairs being like a carnival with people manning the games. Their arcades work and the people there look so bored because no one there is playing their games. On the other hand, their Tournament of Kings show was quite amusing. I wouldn't go back again but that one experience was fun and I would recommend it to those that haven't seen it already.The room had a nice view but its interior wasn't fancy. their shampoo and lotion did smell nice. Very little amenities. no fridge. no microwave. the tv had less channels than the free cable i get at home.
3	Ok so I went to Vegas on the first weekend of the New Year.  Now my friend and I spent the weekend at the Excalibur for the second time.  So far the two times that I have been there were good experiences and nothing really to complain about........until now. Checking into the hotel was pretty smooth.  Bringing our alcohol.....I mean luggage was very prompt.  But this time our room was near the fire exit.  That is not a problem, hey if the place burns down, we would be the first to get the fuck out safely.But there is a drawback to that safety, the ice machine was at the other side of the floor.  So we had a big cooler to fill and there was no way that I was going to carry a cooler full of ice.  So we man up and took our cooler to the ice machine and guess what? The fucking ice machine was out of ice.  So we had to take our cooler down a floor and try that ice machine.....and that one was out of ice. You can't make this shit up.  We said fuck it and went one more floor and finally got ice.We checked back an hour later on our ice machine and it still was out of ice.  Oh yeah the rooms were nice, roomy, nice LCD screen and very clean.But come on, 1 ice machine per floor and then to not have ice.
2	So I am freaking pissed off.I just finished reviewing the hotel experience of the Excalibur now I am going to review the Casino part.I am not much of a card player type of guy cause it takes less than 5 seconds for me to lose all my money. So I am like the old grandma playing slot machines. My money last longer and so far I have had good outcomes with it. My favorite slot machine is Wheel of fortune and now they don't have it.  I was willing to play the Dollar Machine just to play that game and nothing.  And to top it all off I waited over 30 minutes before I had a waitress to come and ask if I wanted a drink.  How fucked up is that? I am in Vegas where I should be wasted and spending my money like there is no tomorrow.  So with no alcohol in my system and no Wheel of Fortune make this Mexican very unhappy. Next time I will waste my money at the MGM right across the street.
4	My most recent stay at the Excalibur was fantastic! I manage to get rooms for $36/night on a Thursday and Sunday. Definitely the best bang for the buck on this end of the strip.
3	This hotel wasn't bad. A little dark, so it works with the castle theme. lol Cool decor for kids/adults. It was a decent price. Not as fancy, but didn't really matter to me since I didn't go to Vegas for the hotel stay.  Out of the two nights I was there, I only slept 3 hrs.
3	It cheaper and is on the strip.  Gambling is cheaper to from what you have to start off with.  It has alot of people but rooms are smaller.
4	"I don't want to go to the Excalibur" "It's old there." "Excalibur is geared toward families! There will be kids everywhere!" "Yuck. I do not want to go to the Excalibur!" That was my attitude about this place until a few days ago. My guy knows I couldn't stand that hotel/casino so of course he was dying to check it out. Fine. WOW! Win, win, win,, win!!!!!! We had won back all the money we had lost and more! We were supposed to drive home that day, but ended up staying another night at the Excalibur and the rooms are nice! I can't believe it! I will definitely be staying there again! Weird, I know!p.s. DJ M told me about the loose slots...and boy was she right!
2	Call me King Arthur cause I stayed at Excalibur and pulled the sword from the stone.  Now where the hell are the knights of my round table at?!Stayed here Labor Day weekend with the fams back in 2006 when I turned 21 cause my parents are cheap and it was the cheapest hotel on the strip for the weekend and we were able to cramp 6 people into 2 beds.Parents gave me $200 to gamble away, but I ended up spending it all on drank, bottle service, and titty money when I met up with one of my homies who's cousin was having his bachelor party that weekend and his other cousin who runs her own bachelorette company in Vegas and knows all the club bouncers/owners was escorting us in and out of everywhere.My fondest memories of Excalibur were as follows:1 - Forgetting my tooth brush at home and having to buy a ghetto $3 one in the convenience store downstairs.2 - All those THUNDER FROM DOWN UNDER show posters.  This is a pretty homosexual memory if you know what posters all over the walls here I'm talking about, but the title THUNDER FROM DOWN UNDER just always made me bust up laughing.3 - Don't eat Del Taco in the hallway of where your room is drunk at 5AM or you might get escorted by a big ass 6' 6" black security cop (that could've passed for a low quality porn star) that will escort your ass all the way downstairs to the front desk and ask your drunk ass what room # you are and call your parents at 5AM and ask them if you belong to them and then escort you all the way back up to your room.  At least I got the side of a bed to myself that night since they were all awake by the time I crashed out that night.  I swear to God, cops love me no matter what city I'm in.  Surprised my parents didn't say anything to me the next day of smelling like alcohol and cigarettes.Ghetto hotel though, I'm guessing people only come here because it's cheap and has dragons on the towers and the monorail connects it to Luxor and Mandalay Bay.  The pool was alright, but nothing special at all by all means on Vegas standards.  They pay a person to check if you have a room key over here when going up on the elevators.  Something tells me someone got hunted down in the past over here, so they had to do that for security issues.
4	I stayed here for a weekend to attend a wedding, and let me tell you this place has everything for everyone. The kids loved the Tournament of Kings, the wife loved Thunder from Down Under.What more can u ask for, as for me I just wanted to gamble. It's pretty cheap too if your bringing the whole family. Couldn't have asked for a better time. Cool hotel!
2	Can you say 'nickel and dime'?  That's how I feel.  For peet's sake, they charge you a $5.00 resort fee which is not included in your room fee.  WTF?!?  Is there a way to avoid it?  If so, they didn't tell us how (i.e., they didn't make it optional).  The charge you $14 for high speed internet.  This wouldn't be that bad, except it's $14 EVERY 24 hours.  Seriously!The only good thing was the fitness club, but I only say that because I was comped the fitness club.  Normally the fee is $20 per day.  Again, I say... seriously!?!
3	My friends and i came here for new years of 08 and it wasn't bad. the room we had was clean and a nice view of the strip. it was pretty much like a typical moderate hotel room. we didn't get to stay in the wing with the new flat screens and newer rooms. they only have showers, no tubs. i really don't recommend checking in on new years day like we did. the WHOLE lobby smelled like people puked everywhere. it was pretty bad and i hate to say this but we were hoping the smell of smokers would mask the smell. that didn't work. the people at the front desk were not helpful and in a way rude. other than that the experience wasn't bad. there was even a walkway on the main level that took u to new york new york and another walkway on the second floor to luxor. it's pretty convenient as long as u don't mind the work. they even have a $7.77 steak deal. it's okay... small but u can't really expect much.
2	The view from this hotel is really cool at night especially, but the hotel itself is not that great.  It's kind of old and shabby.  The bathtub wasn't very inviting, even for a shower.
3	I remember driving by when this place was being built back in the mid 90's and thinking "wow", this is going to be great!  And it was pretty great back in the day, but it's now far outclassed by the newer, swankier joints that have since sprung up.I have never stayed here, but have visited many times.  The casino isn't half bad.  It's fairly large, with all the usual table games and a good selection of slots.  Cocktail service has been average on recent visits.But the poor Excaliber is really beginning to look dated and not really in line with the "modern" vegas culture (meaning non-family oriented these days).  Last October we walked over from the Luxor and through the Excaliber's food court area.  The whole area was dirty, with trash thrown about.  It's time for a re-do in my opinion.
1	so eight years ago when I got married this was a good place, with a nice show in the front, and some statues and things at the entrance, it had a really nice medieval feel to it you know?today it is just gross, they replaced the Merlin with Dick?  That is ridiculous.  anyway the casino is so smoky you can feel the lung cancer growing, even the smokers in my party complained (and they smoke 2 packs a day)the beds were uncomfortable, even the cloths that I packed and didn't wear came out smelling like smoke at the house.  none of the other casino's seemed to have this problem.  I won't be staying at the Excalibur on my third trip to Vegas, if there is one.  I will likely stay at either the New York New York, or Treasure Island, with the remodeling the Treasure Island seemed pretty cool, though the new show was not child oriented (though I wouldn't call it child inappropriate, it was borderline.)
3	you DONT reserve a room at excalibur expecting much or expecting anything actually. you reserve a room here if you're on a budget, want to stay on the strip, and only need the room to sleep in, and a toilet for your friend to throw up in the whole night (gross) ...my friends and i decided to be spontaneous and head to vegas this past weekend to EAT, GAMBLE, and PARTY...not to live glamorously. and since i'm staying at the palazzo in a few weeks, i decided to make this trip my ghetto vegas trip. we were trying to be as cheap as possible so we could spend our money on other things (food, gambling, alcohol) there was 4 of us total and we booked a room for 2 nights for $274... ($69 per person for both nights!) prettttttttty damn good, AND its on the strip.its really not completely shitty, but its definitely not the palazzo. for what we needed it for (bed, bathroom, table to put our alcohol on) it worked out quite well for us!its located across the street from MGM, next to luxor. you can easily take a cab to go up the strip which is exactly what we did.the casino isn't that classy but again, don't expect it to be. they had a casino war table here...i didn't even know that existed! quite possibly the easiest (and dumbest) game in vegas. oh and they have the 4D spongebob ride here!!!!! i realllllllllly wanted to get my friends drunk and have them ride it with me, bc they wouldnt have sober, but i didnt have enough time.............next time..........
3	Meh,Good for a budget trip but dont expect much in the way of service.  If you are looking for a classy time go somewhere else.  Its not that the hotel is disturbing to stay in, its just not as nice as many others in vegas.  But if you are looking for a cheap place to pass out on the strip, then it works.
4	I don't think this hotel is the best but I thought it was nice and cozy. I do not see it as a problem. For the price I paid for. I am ok with it. If it was in a brand new condition, I would pay way more than I did for 4 nights. Very close by to places. I cannot complain.
3	I liked the hotel. It wasn't bad for what I paid for. Only 40 bucks a night. It's a little older and smells funky and tons of kids....everywhere. But when do you really need to sleep in Vegas:)
3	This review is of the medieval dinner buffet at the Excalibur.  The chef is italian and the food represents that. Had an amazing dinner. Sausage and peppers are what standout here along with the sheer amount of food. Go off peak and enjoy it pretty quiet as well.
3	First let it be known that I am a loyal customer of the Golden Nugget and I really do not care for staying on the strip when I come to Vegas. However I ended up rolling out to vegas for a weekend trip with a bunch of friends and we ended up at the Excalibur. It was the cheapest rate on the strip  and wasnt TraveLodge so we decided to take a gamble. haha. get it?The place is old, yeah, but the rooms were actually really decent. We stayed in tower 2 and had a really nice room with a great bathroom with a steam room/shower. Walking distance from every thing really since its on the strip. Im not sure any one means to really hang out here when they stay here, cause its pretty lame, but as far as hotels go, it was a good bargain.
5	They comped us two nights for all of our play last time (which is weird because we WON last time!). So off to Vegas we went! We had a room on the 28th floor in Tower 2 and everything was fine. The rooms are clean, beds comfy, flat screen tv is large. On the casino floor the staff is friendly, cocktail servers are attentive, slots loose. Excalibur is also good because your close to NY NY, Luxor, MGM and Mandalay. This is my new favorite hotel/casino on the strip. Who knew!?
2	Not that exciting, it's a hotel room with two beds and a TV. The thing I really wanted was a tub, not a shower, so I could take an Epsom salt bath to help my back after too much partying.  We didn't gamble or eat or drink at Exalibur, but can I just say having beer pong in our gambling/drinking area right next to lobby registration is a bit odd.  Shouldn't that be at a frat party or something?
3	What does $35 get you in Excalibur?  a 20th floor, 2 queen room with a fantastic view of the other tower and the back end of the castle.  But at a price like that, how can you complain?  Its close to Luxor, NY/NY, MGM, and Mandalay.  Its casinos have one of the loosest tables, and they have 'beer pong' tables set up so you can show off how you became Beer Pong champ at your old college frat house.  Slightly odd to find a BP table in the middle of a Vegas Casino though... And how do they expect us to order room service if no menu is provided?  Oh well, we did anyways.But it's cheap and provides a shower and beds.  You don't need anything else.  And hell, if you came to Vegas you sleep, you're in the wrong damn city.
3	Proclamation to all of the strip: Hear ye, hear ye...if Vegas is the city that never sleeps, why pay so much for a hotel that you do not intend to be in and that you only go to so that you can change clothes?Come spring break (slash economic recession) some friends and I decided to venture out to Sin City. Now, trying to spread our budget thin amongst clubs/drinking, we were not looking to spend much on lodging. Badabing, Badaboom. $35 a night to be 20 stories high on the strip...doesn't really get much better than that. Free drinks included? Why thank you.Honestly, if you do not intend to be in your hotel room pretty much ever (therefore overly aesthetic touches are not necessary), the only reason I could think you would want to stay at a more expensive hotel would be the pool. Granted this pool is no Mandalay Bay, it actually is spacious/sunny/large and perfect for your next-morning hangover rehabilitation station. Oh and it has been deemed the "softest tables" in Vegas, so you actually have a chance at winning here...not to mention the 24-hour food court near the casino which is always a nice saving grace coming back from clubs!The rooms were comfortable enough...Big enough bathroom for a few girls to share a room...on the strip...a steal considering the price...Yeah, it fit our needs quite well.
3	Not the greatest hotel on the strip, but it was worth its price.We came here for a quick spring-break get-away.  It wasn't as magical as I remember it when I was a kid, but thatt's to be expected.  Sadly, Las Vegas has shied away from kid-friendly to more adult themed (well, as it should be).  Circus circus seems pretty ghetto (again, it could be that I'm older now...) and the games area in Excalibur has seen better days.It's sad that I don't gamble, my wife and I won a ton of stuffed animals for around $50.  My profile pic is my baby surrounded by our pilage of the games area.  If only that luck transferred to the tables or slots, I would be rich!Oh yeah, there are dancers of the pleasure palace.  Takes a lot of confidence to dance on a table in a hotel with just your underwear on.  I'll just be nice and say good luck to all of them...
3	the Excalibur was nice. some of my girls and i went there on spring break 2 weeks ago and it was pretty good for a place to get ready, prefunk, and stumble into at crazy hours of the night. the pools were nice!!! there are 7 of them and 2 (i think jacuzzis). i read reviews about there being alot of children, i dont recall children being an issue when i was there. some weird kid did grab my boob while i was in the jacuzzi but after that incident we resided on the "adult area" part of the pools. this hotel is in the perfect location...close to anything you want to go to. i would stay there again i suppose.
3	I've stayed here a couple times, and just did again very recently. The rooms aren't all that great.. the linens are on the cheap side, and nothing is really luxurious in the regular rooms.  I did get a good deal,  and paid and average of $37/night including tax, and the $5 resort fee. The greatest thing about the casino, is the all electronic poker room.  It's just like playing online, except you can see and talk to everyone.  They even show odds of winning like on the poker TV shows. 50 cent and dollar blinds.  The comps suck though. The rake is supposed to be the lowest on the strip.. and there are always people in there.  The poker staff is very friendly.  It's the only place that i gamble now.. but i heard they will be adding these machines elsewhere soon.They have a food court, and an IMAX ride as well.   I did notice a revamping of the Casino too.. in ways to try to get you to spend or lose more money!!1) Flat screen TVs installed right above the tables to distract you from your blackjack hand.2) Hot bikini gogo dancers right next to the tables, to distract you as well.3) Female staff asking to give you a massage for $1/minute while you gamble.MGM is hurting right now, and they're pinching pennies.  I've also notice room rates vary wildly from day to day. Overall, this is a decent bet, for the right price.. For under $40/night, it's decent, but over $60, and you can probably do better.There is a free tram that runs to the Luxor and the Mandalay bay.. or if it is closed, they have people movers as an alternative.
1	The buffet at the Excalibur was very cheap 2 for 1 (19.88).  The food was pretty disgusting. I like getting the most out of my money but I felt like we got what we paid for. There wasn't too much variety... this included nasty instant mashed potatoes, dry turkey, dry chicken, disgusting hard penne pasta...  They lacked a lot of foods and desserts most buffets have. ( gold coast was better i'd go there instead for the same price. )I would say the best part of the buffet would be the drink selection and that wasn't great. You're better off paying a little more for a better buffet. Worst buffet I've ever eaten at. Also, the seating staff was whatever treated adults like elem kids @ an amusement park, cleaning staff was cool.
3	I, too, used to stay here as a kid and had many good times in the games area.  Of course, now, the hotel is a little more lackluster and unimpressive since I am grown, but it still does the job - as mentioned in other reviews, if you just want a place to store your clothes and provide you with some hot water every once in a while then this is a good bet for little money.I personally don't like to stay down the south strip end, because i spend most of my time mid-strip, but i jumped on a deal at Excalibur in September 08 while I waited on the city of Galveston to get hurricane-free.  I had a room on a low floor that looked out over a side street and it was at the end of the hall, but no matter.  It was decently clean and comfortable enough to live in for a few days.  They didn't clean my room every day, probably because i sometimes don't leave the room until 1 or 2pm, but i'm not so uppity that i consider that a bad thing.  II sometimes don't want to have to clean up after myself to the point where housekeeping could come in and not have to move my crap.  'm sure if I had called and requested service or at least towels they'd have brought them, as i found their customer service to be pretty good.  I didn't really play much in the casino, but it seemed to have a good atmosphere and the 24hour food court came in handy, uh, every night.  Long line right around 3am though....Dick's Last Resort is in the hotel and they seemed to be pretty live, although i didn't stop there.  The tram to Mandalay is really convenient, as is Excalibur's location caddy-corner to MGM and its monorail (even though its a long ass walk through MGM to get to the monorail).  So, overall, this is a good value for your money, particularly if you're a group and not looking to spend a lot of money since you know you will not be in your room.
3	Like most folks said, this is NOT the greatest of hotels. However, it's got the tram to Luxor and Mandalay Bay and the location for the price is great. It's not right smack in the middle of the Strip but it's walkable.The room service was also  a little annoying. The clean up was half assed and the housekeepers were all shouting at each other at 9 a.m. on a SUNDAY morning? Don't they know people are sleeping off Saturday night?!?!Dick's last resort is also a fun spot to stop by and have some appetizers and drinks.
1	As a fervent Yelper, I read many reviews before booking a room at the Excalibur for my 21st birthday weekend.I came frugal-minded, knowing that I would not do much sleeping and keeping in mind a certain Yelper's admonition "you get what you pay for"I got even less than what I paid for. I booked a week in advance, for Saturday and Sunday night.I picked the cheapest standard room for Saturday and a Spa Suite for Sunday, Sunday being the much cheaper night of the two. When I came on Saturday, they sent me right to an upgraded room.This would have been cool if it was a Smoking King bed like I wanted instead of a Non smoking double.My 6 foot big ass boyfriend and I cannot fit in no double bed.I called room service to get this rectified and came in contact with the rudest, bitchiest motherfucking concierges I have ever encountered.These assholes need a lesson in customer service from my foot in their asses.They told me I was in no way guaranteed the room I ordered, and that I should be happy they upgraded me.I said I didn't give a shit, and I want the room I paid for.I asked them what guarantee I would have that the next night's spa suite and they said "none"I promptly cancelled the next night's reservation.We did have to stay that night  in the Excalibur.So i might as well review the room.Which was shitty and had a shitty view and hat the shittiest bed linens ever.The hotel smelled like shit, looked like shit and had rude concierges.Also the bathrooms have no tubs, just standing showers.The patrons at Excalibur are even creepier and smellier and drunker than in the nicer casinos.I got a room at the Mirage for a barely any more $ and it was 10000000x better.Check my review for the Mirage, and DON"T STAY AT THE EXCALIBUR.
4	I stayed there last weekend for a cheer compition. Nice hotel. We were on the top floor in tower two. I would recommend this tower over the other. I didnt go in any rooms but I hear its not remodeled and there cheaper. We a nice view of the pool, which by the way is pretty cool four pools I only went down there once but there was a water slide. Nice location on strip also. Not far walking to anything. Also they had a Dicks Last Resort in the hotel dowstairs. Pretty tight I had a good time. I would stay here again. It was the cheapest I could find. $600 for three nights Thurs, Fri, & Sat. We had a flat screen and nice beds. The ice machines were always broken that was annoying but it was really warm so it was understandable. Decent for the money I'd say
3	If you're not planning on hanging out in a hotel room all day in Vegas, then this hotel is just fine.  It's definitely just like a Motel 6 just the fancy castle theme.We were stuck right at the end of the floor by the elevator, so we got to hear everyone loud walk by at every hour, and the maid service wasn't too impressive - throwing away the soap each night, no "do not disturb" sign, and not replacing the towels. Aside from that, we had a place to sleep and weren't in the room much anyway.
4	You defiantly get what you pay for- but it's Vegas and you shouldn't be spending much time in the room anyways! I'm 22 and came with my mother that's 57 and we both really enjoyed ourselves. Our flight got in early and the hotel had no problem holding our bags until a room became available. They always seem to have promotions so look out for those when booking. We were given 2 free drinks by the pool and a buy one get one free for a show there. The pool was nicer than expected but there are a few kids around. There is an adult only area that is pretty unoccupied. The location is at the far end of the strip but you would be wise to invest in shuttle passes that pick up across the street in MGM Grand. In all, the Excalibur fit our needs and I'd have no problem going back!
3	We got a room for $35/night, a Motel-6 price for a better-than-Motel-6 room with much-better-than-Motel-6 amenities.  The pools are awesome.  You get a free drink pass.  Gym is pretty nice, too.  I approve.
1	As a kid, staying here was always nice cause the hotel looked like a castle! Not to mention the huge arcade downstairs!The last time I stayed here was in 2005 with my mom and her friend for her birthday. And I told myself I'd never stay here again! I enjoy staying at hotels, and after experiencing much better places to stay, this place is horrible.First of all, the towel's had black marks on them. Even after calling room service to have them replaced, the new ones has black marks on it too! When I got in bed the first night, there was blonde hair all over my pillow and sheets. I didnt have blonde hair at the time! It was such a horrible and disgusting experience!I do like the shops they have upstairs and I do like that they have a Krispy Kreme! But none of that requires you to STAY at the hotel, so, I dont think I will be!
3	I spent Memorial Day weekend here strictly because it was the best deal on the strip that me & my buddies could find. Plus, we didn't plan on being in the room very much anyway. There were 5 of us, and it ended up being about $100 each for 4 nights. That's means more money for boozing up. The hotel room was better than I expected, it looked clean, nice big lcd tv, pretty spacious overall. There was no view of the strip where we were staying though. The buffet suck big ass too. Luckily, I didn't spend much on it (2 for 1 deal = $10 each). There was a food court with the standard food you'd expect to find: McDonald's, Quizno's, Krispy Kream etc. There was also a Dick's Last Resort.The pool was cool, but there were way too many granny's and kids around. I was almost ashamed to be hungover and reek of alcohol around them. The best part of the Excalibur though, was the Party Pit. That place was the business.
2	This is for the Octane Lounge upstairs near the showroom.  The bartender didn't know what a black opal was.  Non-import beer was six bucks and a mixed drink goes for eleven.  The dance floor was tiny and ducted taped to the floor.  Lame.
4	I ended up booking a room here on vegas.com because of the free wifi at the local krispy kreme. It just blows me away that at just about every hostel i've ever stayed at has free wifi to its guests and most hotels still charge for this service.Anyways, one of the things going for this place is that the table limits are cheaper here versus the rest of the strip since $5 minimums seem to be going the way of the dodo bird. By the way if you eat at Dick's last resort  the whole atmosphere revolves around being made an ass of or being oogled if your a good looking gal. So just giving a clue because i was there with some buddies and we were gonna stiff the bartender until we figured out the gig.Also, if you are into the miniskirt pole dancing scene feel free to hang around the place they were all gyrating near the restaurant so if the game wasn't  interesting you had something else to view.
1	Worst hotel ever!  Stayed here a few months ago.  Check out was hours before our flight so we checked our bags at the bell desk and picked them up later.  When we came to pick up our bags, the old guy at the bell desk barely looked at us while telling us to wait because he was on phone.  There were 2 young guys getting people's bags.  A crowd was forming and they were just sauntering around lazily.  Waited for what felt like forever.  I was worried that we'd get to the airport late so when our bags came out, I made a mad dash for it and told my boyfriend "hurry up, let's go!" The guy that gave me my bag glared at me and retorted "he needs to sign for it first!"  Anyway, the bell people were super rude.  When I got to the airport, my flight was delayed (luckily) and i found time to call the hotel to complain.  They sent me to a manager's voicemail.  I left a message and never got a call back.  Obviously the the crappy customer service is an entire company culture coming from the top down.  Never staying here again. Oh and the rooms were dirty.
4	i love this place its cheap,on the strip,the pool is very nice just everything about it is great. the room was nice and the bathroom was just your normal bathroom nothing over the top here. had a flatscreen in the room needs a better remote though. stayed my usual 3 nights and paid about 450.00 for my stay. i booked the widescreen viewroom. wich i will get again. Highly recomend going downstairs and eating at dicks last resort.
3	Excalibur is the result of Medevil Times going through the Twilight zone.This review is for the casino only, I did not stay here......and judging by everything on Yelp and on personal experience......I never would.  This place is nasty.  The carpets look like they've been bleached, it smells like stale vomit and this place is full of disfunctional families.  I could never see bringing my kids or family here, it would result in one of them getting Hepatitis C.So why not one star?  The craps tables.  The dealers here go above and beyond to be curtious to the players.  I hungout and talked to Jimmy the Stickman for an hour when I should have been back in room.  I made over $75 here..........that alone is worth keeping this out of the one star dungeon.Would I play here again?  Sure, why not?  It's grimey but it works.  Would I stay here?  No way in hell, unless I was by myself and just needed a place to get 5 hours of sleep and leave my stuff.  Thank God I booked Mandalay Bay.
3	Its funny that the average review for this place is two and a half stars because that's exactly what I'd give it if Yelp had half stars. The Awesome:a. A 24 HOUR LIQUOR STORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The Good:b. The poolc. Cabana rentals at the pool. d. The Spa - which all treatments were HALF THE PRICE then the Spa at Mandalay Bay. e. Tons of Restaurantsf. Tons of shoppingg. Walk way to the Luxor - Gamble at the Luxor, more on that later. The Bad: h. The Gambling sucks - Gamble at the Luxori. Cocktail waitresses had weird hours. I didn't get approached once for a drink on Thursday night, but was asked 4 times in an hour on Saturday morning at 9AM. j. Had to walk to another floor to find a working ice machine. k. No ventilation. The casino REEKS. Again, gamble at the Luxor. The Ugly:l. BEER PONG. So freakin' nasty to drink beer after a ball has been in it that was repeatedly dropped on the floor.
1	This place is raunchy, smelly, dirty and loud.Avoid it at all cost!The armpit of Las Vegas.
2	Casino only. Why is it that in Vegas, small sleazy places are fun, but massive sleazy places are just gross? I don't know what it is with Excalibur -- maybe it was the drunk dude barfing into the garbage can in the middle of the casino. Yes, bad timing perhaps.
4	Stayed here for one night waiting for friends.  It's by far the best valued "4 star" hotel on the strip with rooms under $50 sometimes.  Many of the rooms have been renovated with nicer beds, TVs, and restrooms.  It's a good value Vegas hotel if you're ok not having all the frills of some of the other more expensive places.
4	Excellent service. Yes, the casino sucked, but I got upgraded to the "widescreen" room in the newer tower (Tower II) for free. Very nice, clean, and relaxing. More than satisfactory for my stay at Vegas - would definitely recommend.
1	I stayed in Tower II - Widescreen remodeled room. It looks much nicer than the regular rooms. But the first thing we noticed was a blood stain on the sheet, which they quickly replaced after a call. The shower had very low water pressure and there was no tub. Also no fridge or microwave. The iron was messed up/ no steam button. The smell of the lobby is pretty bad. It smells more like dust and smoke than most of the other hotels. The crowd there is pretty ghetto. I wouldn't bring kids here but then again I wouldn't take kids to Vegas! They were arresting some cholo just a few doors down, escorting him out of the room.To top it off, the front desk customer service lady wanted to charge us $25 for a one hour later check out... on a Sunday! Then she lied about being the manager when we asked to speak to the Manager. On a positive note.. it's a good place on the strip if you want to stay on the South side. The bed was very comfy and the flat screen TV was cool. But who watches TV in Vegas?Bottomline.. I won't stay there again.
3	I'm always iffy about this hotel. I've stayed here a few times...and each time I've had a different experience. I like their casino. I seem to win here a lot for some reason. The rooms are your average room. Small, two queens, okay bathroom. The views are just of the hotel. I like how they have regular eateries here instead of having to eat at somewhere expensive. Kid friendly upstairs and its close to mandalay, MgM and new york york which is a plus.  If I want to stay on the strip for cheap, Excalibur is where I'll go.
3	You get what you pay for.And this is no exception. The hotel rooms are fairly clean and spacious. The casino and leisure areas are very crowded though. It felt like we had to queue for everything once out of our rooms.***************************************************************************A word of warning for anyone going there. The reps that pull you over in the casino and offer you free tickets to shows, in exchange for a "brief guided tour of a new hotel" & "breakfast is included' so that you can tell your friends all about the new hotel is bulls**t. You pay a $40 deposit that you will show (refunded at the end of your 'tour') and are promised seats to the show of your choice. The following morning, just before getting on the bus for your tour, you have to sign a form that you agree to go on a 3 1/2 hour timeshare presentation, with every high pressure dirty sales trick being thrown at you before you are rudely ejected out the side door of the building if you dare to not see the amazing deal being offered and whip out the cheque book.Just so you know, at first they offer you a time share at the resort (THE GRAND VIEW) for $42k, then the manager comes over and offers you it for $32k. By the end, if you still haven't signed your kids college fund away, they offer you the same time share package for $4,990. This is no joke, or exaggeration. Warn others. Then when you collect your tickets, they are only vouchers and DO NOT guarantee you a seat at the performance time or day promised. On the whole I am very disappointed that the hotel allows these vultures at every corner. The whole experience leaves a bitter taste in your mouth and stays with you longer than the day.
1	We quit staying here 4 -5 years ago.  The place has gone to hell since the MGM bought it.  Smelly, dim lights, carpets are sticky, food is below par and there's  too many kids in strollers.  There's also lots of drunken 20 somethings running around that remind me of myself when I was young, drunk and dumb.     If they could give Las Vegas an enema, they'd stick it in the Excalibur, this place is a  real shit hole
1	This place is a shithole. I realize that it's one of the cheapest places to stay on the strip, but go elsewhere if you can't afford anything on strip.I booked here because my husband had a biz meeting in LV and we had to stop off on out way home from a family vacation. I would never bring my kids to Vegas otherwise. Crowds of drunks smoking, gambling, and engaging in skankiness do not make for a family friendly atmosphere. I was led to believe that Excalibur is one of the more kid-oriented hotels. As soon as we walked through the doors, we saw an exotic dancer bumping and grinding on stage to rap music.  Okay, it's Vegas, I can handle that. But it sucks to push your way through a crowd of horny guys to get to the reception desk.We escaped to the sanctuary of our room. It stunk. The shower was clogged with lots of long black hair. I think someones weave fell out in it. You could only take a quick shower or it would overflow. The bathroom sink and floor were covered in hair. I removed the bedspread (of course) and the velvet roll pillow that I suspect has been used for recreational purposes. The sheets looked okay but the blankets were suspicious. There's no safety bolt on the door. No coffeemaker. Nada. Bigscreen tv but few channels. No internet. We phoned housekeeping for an extra blanket that we never received. The front desk will give you free drink tickets that they say you can redeem anywhere in the casino but we couldn't get any bar there to accept them. The Starbucks won't take Starbucks cards. Everyone calls this the ghetto hotel and I know that's offensive but it's the best descriptor I can think of.
4	Hear me out on this one before you judge the rating.  This is definitely not the nicest hotel on the strip and it is far from it.  But, if you're a college student who wants to stay somewhere on the strip within walking distance of most places or you can take a cab without paying a crazy amount, then this place is the place I'd recommend.  Most of the time the rooms well below what you'd pay if you stay just across the street at the MGM and for what it is, it's pretty good.  There are other cheap places to stay at on the strip such as IP (The Imperial Palace).  Even though that place is at a better location, it is much much crappier than the Excalibur.  If you're looking for luxury, don't stay here.  Fork out the money and go down the strip to the Venetian or Bellagio or Wynn.  If you're a broke ass college student who wants to go to vegas and probably wont spend much time in the room anyways as I once was, then this place is good.
1	This is the shittiest hotel ever!!! Someone put mustard on my boyfriend's car in the Excalibur parking structure and when we got back to car, it had already solidified. For those of you who don't know any better, mustard is acidic and will destroy a paint job... Especially in 100 degree plus weather. We spent an hour washing it off and when we finally did, the black mustang is now green where the mustard was. The car now needs to be completely repainted. We spent an hour reporting it to Excalibur security, and of course Excalibur was unwilling to do a thing about the vandalism which occurred on their property.  Furthermore, we had decided to spend an extra night since we didn't want to finish our vacation on such a sour note so we booked the room for another night.  They weren't even willing to give us the same rate which we had booked it for online.  Excalibur has the worst customer service out of all of the hotels on the strip, not to mention they have salespeople at every entrance trying to draw you in.  Finally, I witnessed a maid take clean towels from her cart, throw them on the floor by the door, and then hang them up as clean towels.  HORRIBLE!!!    I would give this place ZERO stars if I could.
1	I realize that you get what you pay for, and Excalibur was for sure the cheapest place to stay on the strip during my last Vegas trip...but still.They put us on the very first floor, 'cause we're high rollers like that, so we had the pleasure of seeing both ants in our room and a ROACH in the hallway.  Damn.  Then there was the service.  We called the front three times in our two day stay: Once for more towels (which didn't come so we had to call again only to be told they would "check"), once to order room service (which took over an hour), and once for more toilet paper.  The last time we called, my friend said that the person they spoke with COMPLAINED that this was our third call...really???  Sorry you had to actually DO YOUR DAMN JOB...Finally...the people that stay here are definitely the weirdest, especially the creepers that post up in the casino.  Oh, and there are lots of kids (it's a castle themed hotel with a jousting show, so you kind of have to expect this, but I like my Vegas sans brats).It is seriously worth it to pay just a little more and stay at Luxor or something...trust me!!!
3	Having been to Vegas a couple times now, I wanted to stay further down the strip and check out those Hotels. Why we decided on Excalibur is beyond me but it was the cheapest and really how much are you in your room?!? There seems to be a lot of complaints and bad reviews about Excalibur but honestly I was ok with the place. They were a little disorganized at check in and check out**. The room was ok, I liked the bed and pillows here better then anywhere so far on the strip, so that's a plus. The service at the bars in the hotel does suck badly, you're better off going to the Sherwood Cafe in the hotel. As far as others complaining about the families or the people that you pass by there, all I have to say is relax it's Vegas, what do you expect!! Easy to get to parking, a pool, and a work out room (you need a pass). ROYAL TREATMENT SPA -located in the hotel Maybe it's my fault for not getting a deep tissue but the Swedish was pretty unsatisfying. I was kind of bored and I don't think that has ever happened during a massage for me. So not worth the money, go somewhere else. Excalibur wasn't completely terrible but I would stay somewhere else next time. **A little tip... instead of going to the counter or those kiosks just call the front desk and they can check you out in less then a minute. You can do this all over Vegas actual... Trust me you will thank me later!!
3	Stayed here this July for $33 dollars a night. I had better rooms, but you get what you pay for. We got good coupons (free drinks, discount off spa, and 2 for 1 on the Kings Dinner show). I suggest you see the Kings Dinner show; it does not have good food, but the entertainment is fun. The pools were shallow, and was really crowded when we were there. I think it was a great place to stay for the price I paid.
1	This is "It's A Small World" on crack. Medeval themed, with a cheesy old wizard in the main tower of the castle overlooking the strip. This place ONLY gets credit for being one of the first "themed" hotels in Vegas. This place is pretty old, worn and nasty. The casino, rooms, and restaurants are yuck. With this prime piece of strip property, your would think the Excalibur doesn't have much left in the tank.
3	For a place less expensive than Circus Circus on a prime time weekend, Excalibur delivers! It could have been better, sure, we didn't particularly enjoy our shower and sink clogging up and flooding over on our last night. Plus the bathroom could really use a vent. BUT the room was immaculately cleaned and stocked with the hotel amenities. Thanks Rosey! (The hotel cleaner signed her name on a convenient card in our room.) Also, the hotel itself had really friendly and efficient staff. The lines to check in or out were long but speedy. I very much appreciated that. And to top it off, parking was free and not challenging at all! (At least not compared to San Francisco.) I never got around to visiting the pool or gym though - I was too busy partying. I'd come back again the next time if I wasn't in the mood to try somewhere new.
4	OK, some of the yelper's have been kicking this hotel out to the curb.  I just stayed here over the weekend  and was pleasantly surprised.  First of all, I put my nose to the test. No vomit, nor moldy smells.  Yes, cigarettes were smelling up the place,but it's Vegas. I stayed in the tower 2 and the carpet and rooms were fine. It's not a 4 star hotel ya know. I got extra pillows, the bed was soft, and the AC kicked butt! Big screen tv. Wifi (at an additional cost.) Who cares? It was all good, EXCEPT two nights in a row the hotel alarms sounded off. Once at 11pm, & Sat. night at 3:15am.  Very loud, but then if some of the yeewhoo's staying there pulled the fire alarms, it's not the hotels fault. I would definately stay here again.  Oh, and I lost my azz playing there in the casino, and I still wrote a nice review.  How's that?
3	So we stayed here for a night because it was cheap.  We could not do the ultra cheap rooms so we decided to stayed in the newly remodeled "widescreen rooms" tower.  Well the big tv and the newer furniture was nicer of course but still pretty cheap.  The mattress was hard and it still felt a little cheap.  The entire hotel smelled of cigarette smoke no matter if yu are on a smoking or non-smoking floor.  The staff was not that great (especially when compared to the Palazzo, see other review), the ONLY thing that keeps this above 2-stars is the pool area.  The pool was great!  Lots of pools, good music playing, and plenty of  chairs available.  VERY annoying the inadequate staff would only give you 1 towel per person, the pool facility itself was nice.  Also the fitness area thats included in the price of the room (_ their 5 fee) is nicely done as well.  OK to stay as long as you know what you are getting yourself into.
2	excalibur is really really cheap now, as cheap as about 30 bucks for a non-weekend day, and even for weekends it's pretty cheap. you get what you paid for. it's pretty run-down and the service is slightly subpar. but it's really cheap and it's in a relatively decent location, next to luxor/mandalay bay, across from mgm grand and new york. if you have a car and want to do vegas on the cheap (at least for hotels), this is not a bad choice. just don't get too upset when they don't make your beds
3	Don't expect anything special. For the price this is a great place to stay though. There is nothing great about the rooms or the suites but for what it will cost you it may be the best value on the strip.
2	I stayed at this hotel with my bf just last week . The hotel doesn't look that great or fancy from the outside . I like the concept of the castle but not the way they executed it . The hallway isn't fancy either and it's kind of hard to open the door to the hotel rooms . The hotel room was not bad .. it was pretty nice and had a big TV . Don't expect anything super fancy though . I mean , you get what you pay for - it's $100 - $200 a night . There was no view in our room .. only view we got was the top of another tower . It's pretty hard to find the self-park at this hotel . It took me and my bf like forever to find it . The casino downstairs is okay , but not that great . We had pay extra charges when we check out .. what the hell ? .. can someone explain that to me ?? The swimming pool looks nice though from one of the flyers but we didn't get to check it out .. maybe next time :)
3	This was a great place to stay in for really cheap. The feeling was happy and excited.  I have three kids and it worked out good.
5	I love Excalibur!   I've been coming here for almost 20 years.   Sure they aren't the fancy casino, but they are affordable and their rooms are clean.   I love the family friendly atmosphere.   Highly recommended!
2	I've had been to Vegas a lot of times before and this time I was trying to be on a budget and decided to go w/ Excalibur. It's a good location since it's on the strip and close to most things we wanted to be however, I "upgraded" to a renovated room in Tower 2 and it was seemingly nice but there were several things that bothered me.  For instance, there was only like 5 channels that worked on the tv. Granted we're not in the room forever so that's not too bad but I ended up getting sick towards the end of my trip so it was a drag.  Second major thing that bugged was how the sink in the bathroom wasn't even properly installed. The faucet wasn't even attached to the actual sink so if you nudge it it would move and possibly fall off. Besides that everything was fine.  The floor we were on didn't have a lot of kids and we were towards the end of the halls (another minor drag but it was the only one left) so we didn't hear much of anything.  Service was decent since housekeeping did keep the room nice and was pretty quiet when they did other rooms before ours.  Didn't really eat at the hotel but it's so close to MGM and NYNY so there's good food all around you if you chose not to eat there. We weren't there most the time so in general for the price it was fine
4	For the price It was pretty good. I mean how often do you see your room when you go to Vegas! Some of the rooms have a door that is shared between the next room. We got that and asked to move because it was kinda creepy to share a door with the next room. Everything was clean. Not the greatest view but who needs a view when you going out anyways. You have to walk to get to most of the popular clubs or learn to take one of the many transportation in Vegas( rather than a cab) . We're prepared. :) There's the monorail which stops at a couple of hotels. You can also take the Deuce (double decker bus)I think that runs 24 hrs up and down the strip. That's cheaper than the monorail. Or you can just be drunk and walk which is always an adventure. haha! I like that better because you can go inside different casinos while your making your way back. As for the club scene we just went next door to Studio 54 for the first night. Which was great! I thought it would be old school music but no.  The casino service was great. The waitress by the slots was excellent at bringing the drinks over and over...and she was working by her self at 3-4 in the morning! I tipped her everytime.  One of the host came up to us and asked us if we wanted a Players Club card to get points for playing. Hmm.. I wonder what gave him the idea that we were the gambling type might be because it was 4 and we were still moving around one slot machine to another lol! This card is good for a couple of other casino's (MGM Grand, Mandalay bab, The mirage, Luxor, Treasure Island) just to name a few. If you get hungry and want something quick to eat you can get a hotdog and a beer for $2.50 at one of the bars in the casino by tower 1 inside Excalibur by the slots. Look up so you see the sign. There's a lot of younger crowd when I came here. So that was great.  This place was good but if you're lazy and want to be closer to the Venetian- Ceasars area..you should definitely stay closer.
3	So, I'm one of those parents that bring their kids to Vegas with me.  So sue me!  But seriously it is a bit shocking now to walk through a casino with a 3 year old and see a girl in a bikini shaking her stuff at 3 in the afternoon (and all the T & A  cards littering the ground outside,whew!).  I figure they have to learn to deal with it sometime though....  We stayed at the Excalibur because it was cheap and still in a fairly good location on the strip.  For the price, the hotel is great.  Wonderful pool area and arcade strip for the kids, huge fitness room for me, a nice spa, and easy access to other large resorts.  The rooms were decent.  We upgraded to a nice view of the strip.  There were 5 channels on T.V but we didn't spend much time in the room.  There was only a shower stall (no bath) and no fridge, free coffee or internet access (just to let you know).  The problem with this hotel is that everybody going to Las Vegas has decided that the Excalibur is a good deal (which it is).  It is by far the most crowded hotel on the strip.  The pool area is packed, the casino is packed.  When you try to get dinner, the dining areas are packed.  The line for the buffet on Saturday night looked like it would take a good half hour wait to get through.  I would probably stay here again, but maybe mid-week.
2	I felt like we were staying "on the wrong side of the tracks" almost like the Bellagio was laughing at me when I hailed a cab back to the Excalibur.I'd give you three stars for being A-OK, but why would I when two gives me the option of saying "meh, i've experienced better" which I have.Its like a Motel 6 on top of a casino.the rooms have just the basic amenities and by that I mean some lighting and a TV with a couple of channels - but who cares I was not there to hang out in the room.I reserved two rooms for two nights so you can imagine I was on a budget - i'd have booked at the Easy 8 if it were an option.But honestly, if I return to Vegas with say, my husband, I would not seek out the Excalibur as an option.  Even tho we had a great view of the roof.
2	I heard from the grapevine that Excalibur was newly renovated, but apparently it's only certain towers that are. My friends stayed here in June and they said their rooms were nice! When we checked in, I asked the lady if our room was renovated she unfortunately it wasn't. The room wasn't that bad and it was a good thing that we barely hung out there only to sleep, sh*t, and... sleep.. LOL! ;)The service wasn't that good, either. We called on Monday and see if we could get a late check out and the lady just nastily said, "WE CHARGE $25 if you do!" RUDE! Most hotels don't care, besides we only wanted an hour extra time! UGH.
3	I think this is a great value hotel.  I never come here with children, but this place is filled with 'em, so if that bothers you, go elsewhere.I have stayed here for as little as $27/night!  Easy access to the tram that goes to Mandalay Bay and Luxor.  Bridge walkway takes you over to MGM Grand.  There is a McDonald's if you wanna eat on the cheap, and there is Dick's Last Resort which provides an interesting and fun experience.  They also have free music/dancing at night.  The 24 hour cafe is also pretty good, especially for the price!I agree with another Yelper in that I am surprised that this has such bad reviews.I really like this hotel.  Again, it's not a five star place, but it's one of the best places you can stay for the money.I've stayed here about 4 times and I am sure that I will stay again.
4	Adding an extra star to my review because during my last stay, they upgraded my room gratis to a widescreen renovated room! I love those rooms! And I originally booked the rooms that were dirt cheap! Thank you, Excalibur! Not too shabby... People have gotta stop the hate on here- go to a different hotel if you're expecting classy digs all over the hotel. This isn't the type of place to expect five star accommodations. It's still located in a prime location on the Strip and I'll be happy to book here again for my next stay.
3	Okay this place is SUPER ghetto but, it didnt matter because we were only in there to change shower and sleep.HOWEVER, the pool is really nice. the remodeling of the pool area, now named, "Drenched" provides ample space in their four pool and 4 jacuzzi's and pools equipped with a rock sculpture formation with falling waterfalls and WATERSLIDES. but the water slides, i say you either need to lay down in it or. just don't go if you are adult sized. I was sliding around spinning and going super fast until i hit the end and slowed up like madd. I thought it was just be being fat, but really, it wasnt. [I'm not fat] EVERYONE other than children slowed down int he end and instead of splashing into the 3 foot deep water, you kind of just plopped. There are 5 lifeguards for that one little pool. but maybe thats because there were a lot of space for children. but it is really family friendly. Cabanas come cheap for the day, constantly announcing specials. and there was a pool for 18 and older. but ti was really small and had a large section of the pool as a really shallow water area for tanners. the other pool also had that tanning area but more space to swim.The room itself was ghetto with furniture replicating some medieval furniture. but really it looks like they saved it in a museum and decided to put it in the room. damn, we couldn't get a modern room. but whatever, Labor day weekend, what do you expect right?WELL! The hotel room worked out JUST FINE. Location was good and the price was awesome.It looks ginormous form the outside but its really not. we lost my brother and dad int he casino but found them gambling quite easily.Parking sucks though.The ice machine on floor 17 Tower 1 did not work all weekend.They have a 13th floor. WEIRD.The bathrooms in the un-renovated rooms are whack and ghetto. lol. and the blow dryer sucks.
3	This was not our first time to the Excalibur but it was our first time staying in tower I (Bad Start).  The room was very 70's looking with dust and stains one the carpet from that year I think.  Now this was supposed to be a non-smoking room but everywhere on that floor reeked of cigarette smoke.  So we right away called the front desk to complain and asked to be upgraded to the wide screen rooms located in tower II.  Now we figured they would come move our luggage at no cost but we thought wrong.  Not even when we pleaded our case of the dirty room to the manager, they we not easily convinced of our room conditions.  Maybe we are not used to staying in below standard rooms but if you care what your room looks like and smells like then stay clear of tower I and pay the extra for the wide screen rooms.  All in all the Excalibur is a great hotel and casino.
3	My friends and I stayed in one of the non-renovated rooms, and it certainly is due for a renovation (with the old school A/C and CRT TV) but in Vegas, you are not going to be in your room very much. The location is great, right on the strip and inside access to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. The buffet is huge, cheap ($25/all day), and decent for being a buffet. The rooms do not have coffee makers, but I suppose this is to get you to go gamble or spend money to get some.The casino part is okay, but more tightly packed than some of the neighbors (Luxor, Mandalay Bay, New York New York). When gambling, the drink service was much more sluggish than the other casinos I went to. When I'm losing money, I would at least like to do it non-sober. Staying here is okay (and cheap) but I would rather gamble and people-watch elsewhere.
1	This place really sucks. We did not stay there but had to travel through it several times on our way to Mandalay Bay.The hotel is very old and smelly.The $25 all you can eat all day-is a joke. The lines are long and the food it awful!!! The only thing that was edible was the pot stickers.Everything was stale and gross.  A total waste of money. I should of payed the extra $10 bucks and ate at the Mandalay Bay Bayside Buffet instead- which was absolutely amazing.
1	Pro: It's Excalibur! Games for kids in the lair. Thunder from Down Under!Con: It's Excalibur at 2009 - falling apart. 2nd floor has been whored out to vendors, with nothing left for the kids. lair is full of smoke and pedos. It's old and dirty. Crappy air inside.Came here with group of univ classmates for Xmas, to our surprise the heater will burn off horrifying smell since no one ever cleans the vent between the AC season and heater season. Torn wallpaper and mold are your most common decor. Buffet was a joke, even for a pretty low price for breakfast.DO NOT BRING YOUR KIDS HERE. Take them to a better and friendlier place.
4	Loved it!
2	Clearly Vegas is trying to shake their "family friendly" image.  We stayed at another hotel the first couple of nights, then moved to Excalibur because it was cheaper - and we thought would be more family-friendly for our young daughter.  Boyyy was I wrong!  They stuck us in Tower II - which is the farthest from the registration desk - on the top floor, at the very end of the hall.  It took a good 15 minutes to get to the room upon entering the hotel.  Not only that, but at night we had to walk through "the Party Pit" that had dancers on the bar.  Then we passed a bank of slot machines with another dancer on top.  I know this is Vegas and this kind of stuff is all over the place - but  it was just another sign that they are really trying to return to being an adult-oriented town.  Excalibur is somewhere between economical and shady.  There were some weird characters in the hallways of the hotel, and drug use (nothing awful - I smelled pot smoke - but again, it's not the kind of thing you want your kids around).  I heard security pay a visit to a room near ours.  Oh yeah, the walls are pretty thin!  The casino was pretty ghetto.  Hard to get service while I was playing video poker.  We didn't go in the pool, but the pool area did look nice, with several pools and a water slide.The room was surprisingly nicely-appointed (sort of a Hollywood Regency-meets-Medieval style that actually sort of worked), but the plumbing was obviously having some problems (drains "glug-glug-glugging" every time you used a sink or flushed the toilet).  The shower door only opened on one side - the side that was 4 inches away from the toilet, so you practically had to climb over the toilet to get in and out.  Towels were nice and fluffy.  The shampoo/conditioner/mouthwash freebies sucked.  The beds were very high and my daughter fell off a couple of times, which was scary.  There was a nice plasma screen TV, but no "kid" channels (ie Nickelodeon, which seems to be standard in most hotels) - actually there were very few channels at all.  The a/c was weird - we tried messing with the temperature, but the room was always too warm or too cold, regardless.  The a/c blasted right onto the beds, so if you were laying down, you'd wind up freezing.One thing that really pissed me off was that we requested a non-smoking room, and they gave us a smoking room - something I didn't realize until late in the evening when I found my daughter holding a book of matches in one hand and an ashtray in the other.  Fortunately we only stayed one night so it wasn't the end of the world - just very irritating.  The coffee stand at the bottom of the elevators had some seriously nasty coffee - and you had to walk half a mile through the casino to get to a Starbucks.  I cannot see us staying here again - the whole Excalibur scene definitely was not for us.
3	Excalibur is one of those hotels that looks much more attractive on the outside than on the inside. Decent place to stay for the price though and in Vegas, all you need is a clean shower, bed. as well as working AC.- the rooms were bigger than i thought...bathrooms were spacious and clean too- our TV remote didn't work and the decor was worn/outdated- the AC worked well and we used it to keep our beer cool haha- beds were fairly comfy and didn't notice any questionable stains- the best part was the pool area...there was a waterfall, 2-3 separate pools, music playing, and had cool lounge chairs (not the ugly plastic ones) and free towels- the casino had my fave penny slot machine!Not the best but not the worst! I would stay here again for the right price.
4	For the price, this place gets no complaints. I paid $31 per night and was upgraded to a better room when I checked in. Very clean, flat screen tv, pool access, and LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION. If you plan on visiting Las Vegas on a budget, this is a great place to stay. The people that stay here are very blue collar, lots of families, and overall a safe crowd.
4	Here is the deal with The Excalibur ( like King Arthur would say it). I went to this place the first weekend it opened up in 1990. I was 12 and thought it was the greatest. I have since been as an adult. And you know what? It is still ok in my book. When you go to Vegas you are not going for the room. You are going for the booze, hos, and craps. Most of the rooms have been updated and are nice enough for what they are. The gambling can be dirt cheap on the right day and time. Booze, well you should bring your own so you aren't doling out money for it when you could be using said money to throw dice. Hos. They are not top notch here, as the crowd the Excalibur attracts is more likely to watch NASCAR then the E! channel. Wait I have stayed here. HMMM. Go somewhere else and find hos and bring them back here. It works. Bottom line: The Excalibur doesn't try to pretend to be this new fancy schmancy hotel and rip you on the room price. The casino floor has a lower ceiling and the smoke can be stifling. But there is a 24 hour Krispy Kreme where the donuts are fresh at 4am. 3 stars for the hotel, .5 stars for the Krispy Kreme, and .5 stars for the fellatio you can get back at the room = 4 stars
4	In Las Vegas for work again...But this time we looked for the cheapest strip room to stay and see how it is. Normally we have stayed at the swanky hotels, but this time we went for the $39/night Excalibur. Not because we had to, because we chose to. I did take a lot of things into consideration though when making the choice.... 1. It is only across a bridge to get to New York New York or the Luxor. 2. It has a free tram to Mandalay Bay. 3. It does have a Dick's Last Resort restaurant (which I always enjoy).Well, I must say I was pretty happy with our selection. For $20 more/night we could have upgraded to their new totally remodeled Tower II ~ but we didn't. Our room was not bad. 21st floor with two queen beds & strip views. Beds were comfortable & the shower was great. I figured we saved at least $200/night on a hotel. Plus the Excalibur has lower priced gambling tables (we didn't gamble too much). It's a quick walk to Planet Hollywood (I love Blondies for lunch there), we did actually go to Mandalay Bay (Had an awesome hamburger at the Burger Bar (@ $20/burger the 2 hamburgers cost more than our hotel room)), we did go to the Luxor & we did walk part of the strip. And, the Excalibur is only a $20 cab ride to Fremont Street. Other pluses: it had a nice pool that was not too crowded & they offer FREE Valet parking (with all our equipment, that was nice).The two downsides I can think of: 1. Tower I is far from the pool 2. It was a much older crowd. Other than that, the hotel was not too smokey and it has a lot to offer....AND, you cannot beat the price.Other quick Vegas tid bits: 1. Fremont Street ~ GREAT as always and the cheap beer and tables more than make up for the $20 cab ride...Not to mention the GREAT people watching & the live shows & the videos. 2. Burger Bar @ Mandalay Bay ~ Pricey but GOOD! 3. Blondies @ Planet Hollywood ~ ALWAYS Great!! 4. Dick's ribs & wings were awesome...
3	AAAAAA...Excalibur is in a great location.....We checked in on a Saturday and we had a rooom in the newly remodeled tower 2. So we get to our room and we notice something funny the door isnt shut all the way, We just push our door open and the room is all clean and ready to go but apparently something is wrong with the door and it won't shut all the way.So we call and they say we'll be moving next door. They bring the keys up and everythings all good , room was nice remodeled flat screen nice beds etc......But what do you know the next day the same thing happens with the door in our room it wont shut all the way. What a joke we call and the send someone up to fix it.Pool area is nice, windy  as hell why we were there. Walls are paper thin could hear the tramps next door discussing certain things. Check out time is 11 am which sucks when youve been out getting intoxicated the night before. We called down and they extended our checkout till 12...so generous ......so to sum it up stay here if you want some place cheap in a good loacation with ok rooms.
4	For the price, still decent - I wouldn't go here on a Honeymoon or to impress that special lady, but for a weekend or day in Vegas flying solo it is a room, a comfortable bed, and a TV......plus, the only $5 Gym in Las Vegas - and the gym is nice.  The number of free games, drinks, and coupons given at checkin actually covered the price of the room.
4	yeah I know there are much better hotels on the strip that you can stay at, but I have been here 4 years in a row with Superbowl and just got back from another stay here.  I happen to like this hotel its clean, friendly and pretty much close to what you want to see.  No matter what you are wanting to do you will need to walk, bus or taxi it to the destination.  I total recommend this hotel also cuz of the prices/deals.  This past stay I paid $103 for 2 nts.  Not bad and will def go back.
4	Just stayed at Excalibur for the 2nd time.  There are many things Excalibur is not.  It's not fancy, it doesn't have crazy waterfalls or expensive restaurants.  But what is it is is super cheap which means I can spend my hard earned money on things like Roulette and endless Red Bull Vodkas.  It's in a great location (within a short walk of NYNY, MGM, Luxor, Mandalay Bay) and last but certainly not least they have a McDonalds open 24 hours.  What is better at 4am after several hours of Roulette and Red Bull Vodkas then french fries?  Um yeah I can't think of anything better either.
1	No thanks. The building itself is pretty, but the rooms..When I started walking down the hallway to our room I felt like I was in a completely different place like an indoor motel facility.First of all, BOTH of our beds had holes in the sheets and the bed itself.. when I went into the bathroom a used bar of soap was on top of the shower as well as a used shaver.. there was some gunk on our sink area that wasn't cleaned off.. and after the first night the bathroom lock wouldn't lock anymore.. I felt really dirty in their rooms.. The Iron was not cleaned and had old, cold water still in it. Our alarm clock wasn't even plugged in to anything.. Everytime we woke up and opened the curtains you could see all of the dusk particles flying around in a huge swarm around your face.. woohoo.I'm sorry but i wouldn't want to stay here again.It's fine to stay here I guess if you just really need a place to sleep, considering you'd be out all the time on the strip. But other than that.. Inexpensive stay, expect inexpensive quality.One positive thing I could say is, the upstairs food court was convenient, but I'm sick of fastfood now.. and Dick's Last Resort's margarita's were yummy.. but $15P.s. One of the workers there really gets on my last nerve. They completely skipped his order and people who ordered after him got their food already. After asking she just looked at the receipt, got the food.. it was supposed to go be to go. she slammed the drink cup on the table intentionally and rolled her eyes and turned around to get a bag.What's up with the hospitality LV?
4	I do love the Excalibur! I have only stayed there once, but plan to stay there again in the future for sure. It is right there in the middle of everything and walking distance to anything you need. It is a super busy hotel for gambling and dinning while staying here I found it to be ideal. Especially the 5 a.m. Roulette binder we went on after the club. Top Night!!! The rooms were very clean, and the staff was friendly and borough us more towels with a quickness. The only downer was that valet was full and we had to park kinda far away. The concierge was great as well, got us set up on the list at several clubs around town without a problem. However I will warn you that doing so you will have to give up your phone number for the club promo dude to contact you, and the man is relentless, a few too many texts but worth it in the end. If you are looking for an affordable, clean room close to the south strip, this is the way to go!
3	I will have to agree with some of the other reviews that this hotel is ghetto.  But hey it was cheap and I enjoyed myself.  They have some awesome shows here.  I got to see Thunder from Down Under...AWESOME show...I wanna go again and again. :-)  Also went to the King of Tournements show...that was a lot of fun and the food was yummy.One thing we got caught up in was "Get free show tickets, ask us how".  So they send you on one of those stupid Time Share things...they told us it would be 2 hours at the most....they ended up wasting almost 4 hours of our time.  We were pissed.  And those Time share peeps won't take no for an answer.  The then the lady got pissed when we told her we didn't want to buy anything..but this has nothing to do with the hotel.Anywayzzz back to the hotel..the rooms were decent, the pillows sucked tho!  you need like 5 of theirs to equal a normal pillow...I'll be going back here for the shows.  Not sure if I'll stay here again tho.
3	I'm just keepin it real.Hey!  My wife let me go to Vegas with my friends for my birthday.  Isn't she great?  You know what?  After staying at $1000+/night resort hotels in exotic destinations with the wifey, I somehow gravitate back to my roots.  What are my roots, you ask (which you probably didn't- how presumptuous of me)?  I grew up in a blue-collared environment bussing tables, washing dishes, mopping floors, etc.  So, I know what I "need" and what I "want".  Well, Excalibur has the stuff I really "need" when I am surrounded by "want".  What I need in a room is a bed w/ clean sheets, a shower, a sink, and a toilet (clean ofcourse).  That's all I need. (and It's like being an intern all over again, in a "call-room" that has an bed that has never been used!)As for my wife, she would definitely NOT "want" to stay here.
2	This place is kind of funny.  It is a monument to a bad marketing campaign. Remember when Vegas was touting itself as a family destination.  Well, that lasted long enough to build this fantasy castle.  It has a really 70s feel right down to the furnishing.  But I have to admit, they followed through with the Sherwood Forest, King Arthur motif right down to the smarmy portrait of a knight (Arthur?) kneeling to a lady (Maid Marion?) in my bathroom.The furnishings are heavy and clunky, what you would expect in a castle.The phone worked if you bent the cord in just the right direction.The TV was also vintage, but in color, alas.I stayed here for the rate and also because I DID NOT MAKE THE RESERVATIONS!!!
1	Place ok. last time went there. they doing construction..ugh..put us on the bad loud noise...wasn't pleasant time
2	Too dated, too dark.Their buffet?  A total joke.I honestly gagged.
3	The Excalibur is one big castle on the strip that is connected to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. On this Halloween weekend the Excalibur had set-up festivities such as beer pong and other adult games to cater to the dressed-up guests. The rooms are nothing special, older curtains, 19 inch TVs from the 80s, older carpet, small bath towels, so much for the room. But hey this is Vegas and you just sleep in them anyways.Excalibur does have something I want in a casino...a big sports bar to watch and bet on games. The casino also features two lounges with live music and an upstairs lounge with a dueling guitars act. For gamblers..black jack tables, poker tables and an abundance of slot machines. I didn't see many people dumping silver dollars in those dollar slots. So they must be drinking themselves at the main bar, Dick's bar (redneck bar), or watching the pseudo strippers at the bar across the from Dick's. (yes that was the name of the bar).Most of the casinos have bufftets and for $29.99 you could eat until you pass out. I decided to checked it out, ate a lot of fruit, pasta, chicken dishes and desserts. Excalibur also has a very nice food court that featured a McDonalds, pizza parlor and a Coldstones.
2	I'm convinced that nowadays unless you stay at a boutique or luxury hotel, all rooms are the same.  Amenities have been cut (remember the free sewing kit and shower caps?), and the decor is generic and worn.  Sadly Excalibur is no exception.Rooms were worn, and despite being on a nonsmoking floor it was a little stinky.  It may be nonsmoking, but it might not have been ten years ago--and I doubt they changed all the wallpaper and carpets since then so the smell remains. Plus, the HVAC system is just recirculating air from all over, I guess. All of our clothes smelled.I also found that Vegas hotels do not seem to offer free wifi.  The $15/day charge is crazy.  I think it's all part of the attempt to offer no distractions from gaming.*  Wifi would allow me to stay in my room instead of gambling. (Or, in my case, get some work done instead of trekking all over town looking for a signal.)While check-in/out was quick and easy with friendly staffers, otherwise the front desk was not helpful.  I asked for directions to a particular coffee shop and was met with "I don't know."  No offer to help me find it. Not even an offer of a phone book or anything.  The concierge seemed there only to book reservations or sell tickets, not to help with other traveler requests.  Since TSA confiscated my toothpaste, I asked about getting some (remember when they gave little sample packets?).  I was directed to the gift shop to buy a trial size for $3.50.  I needed it right away, and no one would be able to give me directions to Walgreens or CVS, so I paid it.A bright spot: the fitness center was excellent.  It was clean, machines were plentiful and well-maintained.  There were free towels and a water cooler, as well as wipes for the machines.  It had a nice view of the pool area (which I didn't use but it looked nice), and it was an oasis of clean air.In the end, the only time spent in our hotel room was to sleep. I used the food court wifi and the fitness center but otherwise stayed outside the Excalibur during my stay.*The Krispy Kreme in the food court does offer free wifi and a seating area.  I am so grateful to them for that and gladly patronized them during my stay. Sign up for the text deals and you'll get discounts on coffee during your visit! Of course, the air was still stinky and made me cough up junk (ah, the joy of casino air), so I preferred the wifi at Coffee Bean in the Miracle Mile Shops, which let me breathe a bit easier.Oh, and what's with the gaming floor carpet?  Why does a Medieval England-themed resort have carpets with a motif of oyster shells, pearls, ginkgo leaves, and sand dollars? Weird.
2	Pathetic is one word to describe this hotel. The rooms are dingy. The elevators are super slow. Most of the lights in your room will not work. They don't even have Showtime or HBO on your room TV. And the entire hotel smells like stale smoke. What else should I of expected from a hotel that prides itself on the number of beer pong tables it has? And don't get me started about Saturday night at the casino. The hotel basically turns into a whos whos of wanna be Las Vegas gangsters. I will give Las Vegas wanna Be's some credit. At least they keep their pants up above their ass unlike their California compatriots. Yuck!
2	Keeping in mind the fact that this is only a 2 1/2 star hotel and the nightly rate is quite possibly the cheapest in Las Vegas, I will give it two stars. We stayed in an upgraded widescreen room. The room was clean and the bathroom was actually quite nice, however, I could not get over the smell in the room. It could almost  knock someone over upon entry. It really didn't get any better throughout our three night stay. The casino itself was fine. The waitress service, however, was poor at best. People were actually mixing their own drinks at the roulette wheel because the waitress never came around. I've stayed in many different hotels out there and this was by far the worst. The elevators were really slow. While we didn't go down to the pool, our room did overlook it. It actually looked pretty nice, but I never went down there. We received a comp for the buffet which we used and were pleasantly surprised by the food after reading some of the past reviews. They had a wide variey of items which were all quite good.Some of the people staying at the hotel were younger which contributed to some problems. For example, a group of guys were still up drinking from the night before when we went into the casino at 9:00am. They were fighting with people as they walked by. Security dealt with this quite quickly. There were two females staying in the room next to us who started fighting with each other at 2:15 am. This went on for about 20 minutes and sensing it wouldn't be ending any time soon I did call security. They promptly responded. While this certainly is a bargain price wise, it attracts a different crowd because of this. I will not be staying here again. Past stays at NYNY and Monte Carlo were MUCH better in that same location.The Excalibur is past its prime, however, would be an OK hotel if you don't care about the smell, the amenities and are looking for a bargain basement price!
2	I feel bad giving two stars to the Excalibur, but it deserves it.  If you look at it from the glass is half full perspective, it has been around for a long time, it has served as the backdrop for many Vegas memories, and it is a really notable landmark on the Las Vegas Strip.However, I cannot forget the smell when you walk inside, the glass windows at the entrance that seemingly never get cleaned of the fingerprints that cover them literally from top to bottom, and the overall 'quality' of the place.  It was built by the Circus Circus company in the 80's and opened in 1990, and I truly believe they are still running on the original format.  All the way down to the rooms.  Yes, I once visited a room at the Excalibur for a short period of time...don't ask.  I heard they renovated 2,000 rooms with updated TV's and furniture in 2007.  That would'nt be enough.If you enjoy bad service, dining at the Excalibur might be perfect for you.  They have a Dick's Last Resort on the property.  Ever been to one?  It is hilarious, if you understand that the staff is paid to be rude to you.  "Shut up and eat your damn food!"  That would be an appropriate response from your server if you asked for napkin.  Good stuff like that.  I grew up in Dallas with one at the West End.  We used to go down there as high schoolers, get drunk, and argue with the staff.  Oh, the memories.They also have a medieval dinner show (Tournament of Kings) where actors and actresses fight with swords, joust, and prance around on horses.  Can you say appetizing?  Meanwhile, you get to eat with your hands after you pluck the chicken and slaughter the cow.  That is actually false, apart from the eating with your hands part.I don't know what other restaurant options they have, but I am sure a 24-hour cafe/diner is in the mix, at the very least.  If they have a 'fine dining establishment' I would recommend eating elsewhere.  They have some shows.  Louie Anderson, Defending the Caveman and The Thunder from Down Under is what the website is currently showing.As for the casino, I have had a lot of fun here.  The dealers are friendly, the tables are cheap compared to other nearby properties, and the people who play here are usually in good spirits.  The casino is the best part of the Excalibur, hands down.  Besides, you get used to the smell after a few minutes and then you can start focusing on the crowd.  As Elizabeth L. said, lots of fanny-packs, jorts, and sleeveless shirts.  Yee-haw!One thing to note is that the thing that makes this Las Vegas Strip property unique is the actual exterior itself.  Just seeing it at night is what it is all about, and you don't have to be that close to do this.  As a matter of fact, the further away you are, the more impressive it looks.  Once you get up close, the facade looks pretty cheap and dated.Other than that, the Excalibur doesn't have a shark aquarium, an indoor waterfall, impressive gardens, a volcano, world-class shopping or anything else noteworthy (at least not for the right reasons).  Instead, they have a dingy looking moat, which has been empty for the bulk of the past 10 years, a weird looking dragon thing that I have not seen working in the past 10 years, a kiosk selling items with flashing LED lights on them, and a tram that takes you to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay.  I am not even kidding.  The tram is definitely the best attraction.
2	worth the Cheap rate ($70/night) and just a place to crash.  Walk to other hotels for shows and restaurants esp. MGM.
2	This is a tricky review to write because, to be fair, I was expecting it to be pretty bad. So at least my expectations were met! We paid very little for the room and were in it an average of 4 hours a night anyway - but just a few small things could have made it less crap, and for that complacency, I give 2 stars. Before going, you should know the following:The hotel bar is a Dick's Last Resort. Yes, it's that bad. The jello shots contain zero alcohol. These are pertinent. Additional info:It's well documented that it smells of smoke. That's because it is old. That's just the way it is. However, the fact that the shower is grimy and gross has nothing to do with age and everything to do with bad cleaning. The AC sounds like an aeroplane taking off, and the lifts are very slow. Again, it's old. But, the cleaning staff stand outside your door at 9am and have a very loud chat while apparently banging everything in sight with mallets, and that's got nothing to do with age. Mostly though, it's just bad because the casino itself is so depressingly drab and rubbish. Luxor is cheap too (and but a 5 minute walk away - so escape) but it doesn't make you want to claw your eyes out. The waitstaff look like they want to die, the dealers are robots, it's dirty, and just plain sad. The hilariously bad 'medieval' artwork will only keep you amused for so long. Oh, and the staff hate the guests. The 'concierge' deserves those inverted commas for her comment "it's over there" without any indication of where "there" was, then just ignoring us. The luggage retrievers take hours. Breakfast was the biggest plate of food ever - Excalibur's crowning glory was its hash browns. But - it is CHEAP.
2	I'm not a fan of this casino or their rooms. Its dirt cheap and its easy to see why once you're inside. I pick up the smoke in this casino more then any other one Ive stayed at. This casino feels more like a circus to me then anything and they don't really have any good restaurants and or Buffet. The poker room is large and that's about the only reason I would go here. Don't stay here unless you want a a suitably priced (cheap) room.
4	Me - "We would like to check out, please."Front desk lady - "Okay...let's see here...wait a minute.  The computer shows you just checked in two hours ago."Me - "That's right.  And now we would like to check out."Front Desk Lady - "You know, you still have the room for until tomorrow at 11 a.m."Me - "Oh, it's okay.  We're done with it.  It served its purpose."Ahh...the plus side of recession...
3	I understand the concept of Excalibur...At one time, Circus Circus built up that side of the strip with three themes: Pan Asian upscale(Mandalay), Egyptian(Luxor) or Medievel, which brings us to our current reviewNow that it is part of the MGM, which owns almost everything on the strip, Excalibur is now the value destination in MGMs far flung empire.  As such, rooms are now $70, so certain expectations must be temperedOn the plus side, the rooms are a relative bargain. The location is somewhat central and the exercise room is actually good with plenty of treadmills and weights..surprisingOn the minus side, the physical plant has been treated like the proverbial damsel in distress.  The elevators are slow.  The hot water seems tepid in bathroom  The staff seems to be in need of motivation...They need to reinvest..yes I am aware of the renovation...now finish the jobAt the same time, MGM has its hands full with billions in debt from City Center so it doesnt seem likely...and in their partial defense:  What do you want for $70?
3	If you want an affordable, well located place to stay on the strip, Excalibur is it.  If affordable matters to you, low limit tables will probably be another plus for Excalibur.  We've stayed here off and on for years and probably will again, but there are some needed improvements:The food is in serious need of improvement as is the ventilation system in the casino.  Even the updated rooms have some issues like the shower heads that are lowest of low flow around.  The heat/air unit is loud, loud, loud as are the rooms facing NYNY.  Rooms are dim -- so much so that reading was difficult even with the bedside lamp lit.  On the plus side, staff were friendly, drink service in the casino was regular, sheets and towels were clean and didn't have a funny smell like those in other hotels where I've stayed.  Beds were comfortable and pillows were OK.  Toiletries were of good quality and the flat screen TV was a nice touch though there are few channels, but who wants to watch TV in Vegas?An OK hotel in a good location for the low roller gambler.
2	I stayed at the Excalibur Hotel-Casino during my recent trip to Vegas.  It was one of 4 hotels associated with the conference I was attending - Mandalay Bay, Luxor, and NY-NY were the others.  Excalibur was the cheapest.Rough impression from visiting the other 3 casinos?  This was the one that felt the cheapest.  That being said, it wasn't a terrible place to stay.  The tram runs directly from here to Mandalay Bay, the conference casino.  There's a walkway directly to the NY, as a gateway to the rest of the strip. There was nothing especially objectionable about the rooms or casino itself, it just had a cheesier feel to it.It had penny video poker, my game of choice while I was in Vegas. I'm not a gambler.The biggest problem? When we arrived, midday Sunday, there was no food! Seemed like every place in the casino was closed. That's what left us stranded at Dick's Last Resort! Because it was, it really was.There was also a bikini-clad dancer at the Excalibur at this time, a phenomenon I didn't see there or elsewhere the rest of the trip. Weird.You know what area they fall down on? Toilet seats. That's right. I sat down on the (closed) toilet seat, and... it cracked in half.  Look, I've put on a few pounds in the last years, but I'm still on the slim side of your average adult male.  Toilet seats shouldn't just split apart!!!Ok, really, there aren't many problems to complain about.  Nothing super stellar though, either. I don't have anything to compare it to, as it was the only place we STAYED, but a lot of the other casinos gave the impression of being more fun and exciting and novel.
3	We wanted to extend our stay in Vegas, but the price at the Monte Carlo (where we had been staying) went way up, so we wanted to find something cheaper.  Excalibur fit the bill at about $65 (+taxes and resort fee.)  This hotel is old and they haven't done much to update it.  However, it's clean, is centrally located, and provides a place for you to lay your head in between all the debauchery.  It's not luxurious by any means, but if you just need a place to rest, Excalibur can provide that for you.
4	My husband and I picked this hotel because we got a good deal with Southwest Airlines Vacation pack- it was between this one and Circus Circus (and I've heard HORRIBLE things about circus circus). Excalibur is nice- hey ... its a hotel with slot machines everywhere ... We had an earlier flight and got to the hotel before our room was ready. The lady at the front desk said she got us a great room and for us to check our bags while we waited for the room. The only bad thing about this hotel- there are these reps from some hotel for time shares- they told us it would be 2-3 hours and don't want to buy and you get discounted show tickets ... LIE! 4 hours later and horrible experience there ... I think I would have rather paid full price for our shows. *** ***this is nothing about Excalibur ... just what happened there*** When we got to our room- we had a view of the strip- Awesome room! BIG SHOWER! For the price- we did well. Only negative about our room was we had 1-3 ants every day ... not too sure what that was from? The hotel also has an awesome buffet- $29.95/person for ALL DAY! You can come back as many times as you'd like. For Vegas, this is a great deal! Shows: Louie Anderson (if you stay here you get buy one/get one free tickets), Thunder from Down under (didn't see this) and some cave man show (we didn't see) All in all, we had a nice time at this hotel. If you come on a budget, its not bad- if you have all the money in the world ... stay somewhere else.
3	Pros:-CHEAP!-Nicely renovated rooms (always ask if there's any upgrades when you check in... although I've stayed in both towers and they were both rather nice for the price)-Thunder Down Under posters everywhere! ;)-Clean rooms-Midway games/arcade for the kidsCons:-Comission-hungry timeshare reps everywhere (fiance and I were approached 26 times over three days)-Not much as far as dining goes (although the steakhouse is pretty good)-The ELEVATORS! It'd be faster to tie some bed sheets together and scale the side of the buildingOverall, A-OK as long as you don't want anything super fancy. I'm a Motel 6 girl and the Excalibur is always several steps up. Except for the reps and elevators...
3	This hotel is definitely not fancy or high class, this hotel is just average, and there's nothing wrong with average.I've actually stayed here twice, but the second time I was here I had my room upgrade from the standard room to the widescreen room. I remember when I was here in November of 2008, they were doing construction on their widescreen rooms. I thought the room actually looked pretty nice, it wasn't anything spectacular. The room has a flat screen TV, and the bathroom looks pretty modern. Staying at this hotel is cheap, and if your plan is to party, then this hotel is perfect. You save money, and who cares if the rooms aren't all that, you aren't going to be spending time in the hotel very much! I was in the hotel room for maybe at the most 9 hours, and then I left for the entire day, and maybe came back to change.
2	We went on a vacation to visit Vegas and stayed in Excalibur for 3 nights.We booked normal rooms and got upgraded for a level above the basic room.The deals in hotels.com and orbitz showed at 28$/ day, and it came to 45$/ day with taxes and resort fee (it was in week days).No Refregirator or Microwave as they expect us to drink and eat outside...The hotel has become old.. it looks great from outside but not great inside...Ofcourse the sales people tried several times to sell tickets for shows, and in that process did all sort of tricks....easy checkout process.... little bit waiting time for checkin even at 5PM..Every  room has its own complaints.. no bath room lock for one room, no exhaust fan in bath room.. internet did not work in another room....The beds are Okay.. carpet is old...Stay here if you just want to sleep and spend less money for hotel and more money for gaming....Strange thing I observed is, if we order a complimentary drink while playing keno, the waiter asked us to show how much we played, and for every 10$ we bet (and loose) they would give a coupon to get complimentary drink...This proves Recession has impact on Gaming....
4	I am a fan of The Excalibur. When my husband and I are in Vegas we like to eat and sleep cheap 90% of our stay and enjoy a splurge or 2 because of the money saved. The newly renovated widescreen rooms are comfortable, clean and enjoyable. The staff is accommodating and pleasant. How much time do you spend in your room when you're in Vegas anyway? Lol
3	My husband and I did not have many complaints.  We stayed on the 23rd floor in one of the widescreen rooms on Friday 12/25/09.  The room was decent, 42 inch flatscreen tv was nice, beds were comfy, and the view was awesome.  I think the only complaint we had was that there was a musty/dank smell when we entered our room.  After we put our stuff down and got settled in, we decided to leave for an early dinner.  Before we left the room we opened the window so the room could air while we were gone.  We returned about 2.5 hours later and that smell did NOT go away. Other than that, we enjoyed our stay.  Oh, and the buffet wasn't my favorite but it's a buffet, so I didn't have high expectations.
4	We got killer room rates through Facebook!  The front desk was excellent and when we told Kathy we booked through Facebook, she got all excited and bumped us up to a room with the flatscreen and lounge.  Room was great - but the pillows sucked.  Too small and too soft.   Casino was excellent.  Craps teacher, I think his name was Willis, was great! My biggest disappointment was the spa.  The attendant was less than attentive.  The one shower was out of body wash and when I pointed this out, he said he knew.  Then do something about it.  After preping for my massage, I had to parade through the women's waiting area, down a hallway full of women until I finally got to the massage room.  Not quite the "spa" experience for a man.I love the Excalibur, but next time, I might try a different spa.
1	One word- HORRIFIC! Where do I even begin??? Ok, here goes nothing....I stopped in Las Vegas for two days on my road trip across the country and excalibur had such a good rate I thought it was a no-brainer to book here. It's a pretty well-known name and I always thought it looked cool... until I checked in. The room is pretty spacious, room is BEYOND out-dated! I mean, my parents have furniture from the 80's that can put this furniture to shame! The carpet, covers and upholstery looks like it's from the medieval times themselves!! Despite all this, I was still just happy to be out of the car and in Vegas... until I turned down the blanket. God only knows what kind of fluids left those stains! I was absolutely horrified so I went downstairs and asked to change rooms or pay to upgrade to a better room. The guy behond the desk then rambled on this paragraph that I'm sure he has to say 100 times a night about how we can't change rooms tonight and when I asked if we could upgrade our second night in advance, he wouldn't let me do that either. I then asked him for fresh linens so I can atleast TRY to sleep on this disgusting bed and he looked at me like I was stupid and told me he "I can't just GIVE you sheets". I fled the scene before I strangled the man, walked the mile to where I had to park my car, dug my pillow and throw blanket out of the bottom of my trunk and sucked it up. Needless to say, I will never be staying here again, nor will I be giving them any of my business!Total list of disgusting features:Peeling wall paper, stained wall paper, stained blankets, hairs in my bed and on my pillow, loud ac/heater, broken bathroom appliances, nasty mildew-filled shower floor, broken chairs, NO internet like they said would be here, LOUD rooms, and theres only 1 lock so housekeeping can enter at all times, you can't chain it.All in all, a pretty horrible experience.
4	I'm still a fan! I just got back from Vegas with three other friends... all college age. We got a great deal on the rooms and received a $50 beverage credit as well as a 2 for 1 show coupon. We only stayed for 2 nights but our room was cleaned and restocked with no problems. The inside walkway to Luxor was really convenient as it was fairly chilly. We took advantage of this for our night out at LAX nightclub. I was a huge fan on the 5 dollar black jack tables... however my only complaint is that the "Party Pit" is only open on the weekends and I didn't get to see it i action. If I keep finding such great deals on this place you better believe I'll be back again!
1	Where Do I begin!!!! Excalibur, what a nice looking hotel from the outside, stinks like an old grandpas smoky couch inside but overall would never stay here again even if I was on a really tight budget.  We got a room for $49 per night plus resort fee cost.  Checked in early and the front desk were not helpful or friendly at all. I decided to pay for another day since we were checking in at 9am.  The registration process took 35  minutes.  Was tired cause had been up all night the previous night working and wanted to sleep. Got into the room and the room that we got on tower 1 had a great view of the strip. BUTTT.... The 2 beds were almost twin size looking, the furniture was old and it wasnt just because they were going for the medieveal look.  Bathroom was horrible and dingy looking.  I say that I have stayed in nicer rooms at runned down motel 6 hotels.  We got up and just walked around because we didnt want to be in the room even if I was dead tired. When we got to our room at about 9pm, we could not stand the room and response that the front desk would give us so we packed our stuff around 11pm and walked lugging all of our luggage to the LUXOR next door (its actually a pretty far walk). We checked in for a $65 dollar rate at the escalibur and got a tower room that was beautiful and great to sleep in.  Overall the best thing about the Escalibur was their all you can eat buffet for about $35 bucks all day. BUT PLEASE NEVER INTEND TO SLEEP HERE!!
3	Great hotel as you get what you pay for. That said don't go expecting to get everything you would at a pricier hotel.  It is a decently clean hotel (both room and lobby), however, the age of the hotel has definitely made it look like one of the dirtier places.  Also of note, the ventilation in the place is not exactly the best so be prepared for a lot of smoke especially during the busy hours.  Moreover, this is one of the last few hotels that has a lot of carnival games for children.  Definitely a cheap and fun place to stay at.
3	You get what you pay for -- I was looking for a cheap cheap hotel room that was on the Strip during my Vegas stay, and that's what I got.The rate was ridiculously cheap -- something like $51/night during the weekend. Of course, we crammed four girls in one room, so for four nights, each of us only owed about $50. You can't beat that if you tried!!!Pros:-- Location, location, location! If you are taking the shuttle from the hotel, this is one of the first stops because it is on like the first corner after you turn onto Las Vegas Blvd. And, leaving to go to the airport, we were picked up last, so the ride was short and sweet - just how I like it.-- Shuttle. When you're there in the middle of August and it's 100 degrees outside, the last thing you want to do is walk around. This hotel has a shuttle train that is connected to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay (and maybe even one more hotel - I can't remember). And, it's right across the street from New York, New York and the MGM Grand. We could get around quite easily without having to sweat too much.-- Price/Value. Seriously, $50/night. That left more money for eating and DRINKING. No complaints there. Also, what you get for the money is decent -- room wasn't horrible. It was clean and decent-sized. The recently renovated rooms are MUCH nicer. Try to get one of those if you can. They have the widescreen TVs in them and a nicer bathroom.-- Pool. Now, I didn't go to any of the other pools, so I couldn't compare. But, the pool there is a nice place to recover from a hangover. Tons of beach chairs and cabanas, and for someone like me who can't swim, they have pools shallow enough that you can wade and not drown. of course, you'll be amongst kids, but whatever.Cons:-- Slow elevators! There are only like six elevators that service each tower of 30+ floors. Completely inefficient.-- The lobby is huge and confusing. It took me about 20 minutes of walking through the casino before I found the check-in desk. Check-in, however, was quick and easy.-- Poor food choices. On our first day, we were so jetlagged that we decided to have breakfast in the hotel restaurant. Big mistake! I left feeling like I had just inhaled ten pounds of lard. Gross. But, I did discover a Krispy Kreme in there, so I somehow lived off coffee and donuts when I was too lazy to venture elsewhere for food.-- In-house entertainment. Essentially, there is none. Unless you are a fan of Thunder Down Under, there is really nothing to see or do there. You have to venture outside the castle if you actually want to see a decent show/concert/attraction, etc.Overall, I would definitely stay there again. The cons are nothing that would keep me away from staying at this budget-friendly and convenient hotel.
3	Okay, so here's how it is.The Valets are downright surly.  The signs all said "VALET FULL" but we were just checking in, dropping off the bags, and leaving.  I asked if we could pull the car up and leave it for 5 minutes.  He said "You gotta park in SelfPark" and muttered as he walked away.Not a great first impression.  But since we didn't intend on using the Valet anyhow, I ignored him.Their check-in desk is huge, long, counter-ish.  There are some old leftover sconces and Camelot-Theme-ey things involved.  You can easily picture this hotel, in it's heydey, calling its' guests "Kings and Queens" or "Lords and Ladies" and *really* getting into their theme.  Giving out crowns and princess hats or something.   Swords and Lances and junk.  Now it's kind of just an afterthought.  Right on the counter where you check in are their "Upgrade Offers"... Complete with PRICES.  Hmm.  Usually, when I check in, I make friends and ask for a FREE upgrade.  And I get it.  (I certainly did at T.I. down the street!)  Guess that's what they want to avoid, though.  The hotel is large, and the castle theme follows throughout.   The rooms are about on par with a Motel 6 or Super 8.  (We had newer, cleaner accommodations at a Roadside Comfort Inn on the way home.)  But, for what you pay, it's acceptable.   We had a King Deluxe room.  The brownish carpet had seen wear, and there was a stain on the blanket.  (That fuzzy, staticky kind.  Certainly NOT Down Comforters here.)  The bathroom has a stall shower, and was fairly clean.  The Headboards look Castle-Themed (From the 1970s of course) and there are sconces for lights, Castle-ey mirrors, etc.  The bed and pillows were comfortable enough.  The elevators came quickly, which was nice, but the walls were very thin, and we could hear people walking, talking, and stumbling in late at night in the hallways through the closed door.  Not enough to wake me up, though. There are security personnel at each tower's elevators, who will check your room key.  They were nice.Caution:  Just past them, on your way into the casino, there are Vultures.  You will not know that they are Vultures, because they are wearing Jackets and NameTags, which Vultures don't usually do.  But they are, indeed, Vultures.  And they will hound you with offers for "Discounts" and "Specials" and "Deals" and will not take "NO" for an answer.  I swear, they were like those awful TimeShare people.  I looked them straight in the eye, before they could even say anything to us, and said, in perfect, unaccented English:  "I DON'T SPEAK ENGLISH." and kept walking.  Seemed to do the trick.Upstairs, there's a shopping area with a Gift Store and "food court" with McD's, Krispy Kreme, Cold Stone Creamery, and more.  There's also a walkway to the Luxor.So here's the bottom line:  We paid $46 total (including "Resort Fee") for one night.  Included were 2 complimentary alcoholic drinks, and 2 free Games in their "Fantasy Faire" area.  The hotel is located close to the center of the Strip. It's an old property.  The castle-camelot theme is cheesey.  But it's relatively cleanish, decent bed, and really, for that money, can you really complain?
4	I went to LV on business and paid for my own hotel room- as the company would not let me expense it.  Totally fine- it was only $29 a night plus taxes!  I will take $137 for 4 days 3 night any day.  I will admit it smelled like smoke in the hallways- but its Vegas and all of the hotels/casinos do bc you can smoke in just about anywhere.  It's kinda gross, but in my hotel room was fine after I opened the window.The rates for food (room service) were not crazy expensive at all!  The $4 RS fee kinda sucks, but what do you expect?  The bed was the MOST comfortable bed I have slept on in a LONG TIME.  My body melted into the King Size mattress.  It was exactly what I needed after walking a trade show floor for hours on end.The ONLY complaints I have was there was no bathtub... but that is just me being a little picky. :)  And that the sales people right when you walk in attack you with their offers.  It took me 20 minutes to get to my room bc they wouldn't shut up and I'm too nice.All in all, perfect for what it intended to do- let me sleep!I also felt safe (there is a security guard)  and had a cool view, so that helped.
1	This place compared to the rest of the strip. The rooms are basically for you to shower in and get out as quick as possible. Didn't feel that clean or anything. But hey, you come to Vegas to be out and about, not locked up in your room. It's cheap if thats what you are looking for. But the next trip, we're definitely staying elsewhere. I think the only fun spot at Excalibur is in the casino, called the party pit, where they have ladies dancing all night for your viewing pleasure.
2	I have stayed at the Excalibur on two separate occasions. The first was pleasant, nothing exciting and the basic equivalent of a holiday inn. Rates were fairly inexpensive and the location isn't bad with easy access to the strip and underground passage to the Luxor and Mandalay bay. Buffet is nothing to write home about. Late night hunger can be satisfied by McDonald's and an early morning sugar high can be accomplished by the warm Krispy Creme donuts both located in the food court. However the second stay was horrible, to the point that I will not stay again. The first room that we stayed in was supposed to be a non smoking room. Whoever stayed in the room prior must have locked themselves in the room for days with several boxes of smokes. The room was saturated to the point that the cleaning crew came in and sprayed it with air freshener only to created a flower scented smoking room. They also changed all of the linens which didn't help. It was in the carpet and the curtains. My husband and I moved to a second room which was dirty. About an inch of dust was on the bathroom vent and the bed covers had stains on them. I did make the cleaning crew change the bedding to ensure that we had clean linens for the duration of the stay. it wasn't enough for us to stay again. Beyond that, the casino is nice and service is better in the wee hours of the morning. The pool is nice, small and standard.
2	Ok Excalibur isn't a great hotel. It isn't. However, I do like that you walk downstairs and there is a ton going on. You can walk across the little bridge to New York, New York and grab a slice of pizza. Um... there's a pool. It's cheap. The room was fine. Internet was included in the resort fee. I guess that's really all I have to say about Excalibur. Haha. Stay there if you don't want to spend much and you won't be in the room too often... like my friends and I.
4	Let's be honest, Excalibur is 20 years old (1990 - 2010), it's not the latest and greatest on the strip and is starting to show its age a little bit. It's on the south end of the strip and is almost the last stop. You're not going to get the all the action of say Caesar's in the middle of the strip, or all the bells and whistles of a newer casino.That said, you're not going to pay for all of that either. I paid $44 a night and had one of the best experiences you could hope for at that price. The room was clean and had perhaps one of the most comfortable beds I've ever had. The check in was smooth and quick. The staff was friendly. I even got a couple of coupons for free drinks and games.All in all, I would highly recommend Excalibur to anyone who's looking to travel to Vegas on a budget.
4	My experience at Excalibur is like living in the movie Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Of course minus the dinosaurs, paintings of Barbara Streisand and Gary Busey. On second thought seeing Gary Busey there wouldn't be too far off. I was in charge of planning my sister in laws bachelorette party. So where do you take a lovely workaholic to cut loose? Vegas baby! This would be every ones first trip to Vegas and it had to be perfect. Excalibur got my reservation because it was in the middle of the strip, had great prices, and had Thunder Down Under (of course we went!) I love this hotel. Sure it isn't the nicest hotel on the strip and the decorations look like they haven't been changed since the 1979, but that is why I love it! Its classic Vegas! kitschy, gimmicky, and historical! The only thing modern here is the pool which was always packed and the service was amazing! I'd stay here any day! This place made the bachelorette party amazing and completely memorable!
3	The first time I was here was the year it opened in 1990 to see the Tournament of Kings show in the basement.  I didn't start staying here until 1997.  It used to be sort of on the South end of things and inconvenient but the strip has grown and the location is better now.  I usually stay here because of price, of the MGM owned properties in the area it seems to be the least expensive on a regular basis.  They have upgraded most of the rooms and the beds, even in the cheap rooms, are quite comfortable.  My last stay I found myself in need of both security and maintenance and both times my needs were met quickly.  I have a favorite bartender near the sports book but most of the time I spend in one of the nearby casinos that has a lower percentage of kids.  I'll be back again I am sure.
3	If you're looking for a cheap place on the strip to stay, Excalibur is a good fit.  The rooms are decent, if older, and there's lots to do either in the hotel, or in neighboring hotels. The biggest part of going to Las Vegas is being out and about, so if you're just looking for a place to stay, you could definitely do worse than here.  Personally, I also really enjoyed the Tournament of Kings dinner show.  It's pricey if you're not staying at the hotel, but with the room we got discounted tickets and it was a pretty fun experience for the price.
4	This was my 3rd visit to Excalibur. I recently stayed at Excalibur for 4 nights. I don't like the castle theme, I don't like the timeshare people but for the money I don't think there's a better deal. My room was clean and quiet, the beds comfortable, all of the staff pleasant and efficient. I spend my time in Las Vegas out and about and Excalibur suits my needs. Why pay more?
1	I booked a room here years ago. We were going to drive out there for one night for a friend's birthday. I figured we'd save the money on the room so we had more spending money to go out with. Wow, what a mistake. We arrived at the Excalibur and checked in. They provided us with our keys and off the room we went. We were a bit confused at the fact that the room was on the first floor, the casino floor. I never knew casinos had rooms on the casino floor. WTF? We walked in and I swear I rented a room at a Motel 6. Actually, the rooms at Motel 6 probably would have been nicer. First of all, on the travel website I requested 1 king bed in a non smoking room. I got 2 full size beds in a smoking room. Everything in the room looked like the 70's threw up all over the room. This was a place that you should be renting for an hour with a stranger you are paying to have a good time with . Or a place you would see on an episode of CSI Las Vegas with Grissom searching the bedspread with a black light for some incriminating evidence for a murder. I immediately went to the front desk and demanded a new room. They provided me with a room that was on a higher floor with king bet, just what I requested. It still was a crappy room, but it was definitely better that the original room. Whatever we just slept there and left in a hurry the next morning. I honestly still don't know why this place is still open. I guess we will have to wait to watch the place blow to pieces.
3	My husband and I have stayed at Excalibur MANY times. We both have players cards and gamble there often because the table minimums are reasonable and it's in a great location on the strip. When we gamble, we don't want to have to place $15 minimum bets. There are many tables that have a $5 minimum. Anyhow, on to the rooms. We have stayed in the older rooms as well as the renovated rooms. I have to say that the renovated rooms with the plasma TV's are 100 times better than the old rooms. They look nice and smell new. Maybe we are giving a higher rating than others because we have players cards. When we check in, we get to check in, in the VIP area. The customer service has always been excellent and the deals we get because of our players cards are always awesome. For example, we are going to Vegas in April. I received a promo for two nights free (even weekends) in the renovated roooms. I also received $25 per day in food comps. Not a bad deal and I really don't gamble all that much. I feel safe in the rooms. Also, the rooms have always been clean. I haven't stayed in the older rooms for quite some time, so I don't recall how the beds are, but the beds in the new rooms are super comfy! The casino also added their party pit which I found pretty fun. You get to listen to music and watch hot chicks shake their ass all while you are playing cards. Those girls know how to shake it! And who would have thought there would be hot dancers at Excalibur. Oh and watching parents walk by the dancers with their kids is HILARIOUS. Boys with their jaws dropped and moms trying to cover their eyes. CLASSIC. But back to hot chicks dancing while playing cards, what more can you ask for????The way I see it, is if I can get a free room (which I hardly stay in anyway) in a great location, I have more money to spend on other things like nice dinners and playing cards. My suggestion is, if you go there and plan on gambling there, get a players card. You might even get enough credits to have your room comped.
3	Cheap updated, nice pool, great for kids. Mostly a family type place. Better than Circus Circus. Unless you want Adventuredome. They have the pay $20 and eat all day at the buffet. So, like I said good for kids.
1	It's a dump, but I've done so many bad reviews of this place on so many other sites that I don't have the passion to rant about it anymore. I will say this though: If you want to be stuck at the very south end of the strip, in an ugly casio with idiots and thier ill-mannered kids, have a crappy room and experience terrible customer service, then by all means, book at stay here. Don't say I didn't warn you.
3	Honestly...the hotel isn't BAD. The location sucks because if you plan on walking to the middle of the strip, it's a good 20-25 minute walk. But the hotel is very run down and the more I stayed, the more I noticed that their elevators smelled like urine and alcohol. The one caveat is that it's probably the cheapest place to stay in, and you're not going to Vegas to spend the majority of your time in the room. So it's good for what it is, but I wouldn't recommend it to my friend or anything.
1	Three words, TRAILER PARK CASTLE!!. I went here for the new years celebration because my friend and his girlfriend was thinking it would be a cool place to stay. My friend made the reservations and I was taking his word that it was a really nice hotel. We get there on new years eve and I see the room and suddenly I am disappointed and feel like I was breaking out in hives. The carpet looked dirty, there was no flat screen TV just a 26 inch tube TV. (*Do they still make those?*) and the tub and shower combo looked grungy and uncleaned. The bed sheets had hairs in them and the so called thin comforters smelled like cheap detergent. The clerks downstairs were rude and careless. The hallways smelled of a pine urine smell and you could hear the people in the room next door having a vivid conversation clearly just by sitting on the bed near the wall. I know it was a cheap price to stay there and you get what you pay for but come on, cleanliness is next to godliness lol, I don't understand why the owners of the hotel don't upgrade. But in the end I learned my lesson, and that is to....... NEVER TRUST A FRIENDS OPINION!!!
2	I've never stayed at the hotel -- and don't suspect I ever will with all the other options around -- so I can only talk about the casino.  It's a surprisingly large space that somehow seems small to me from the outside.  (Probably because this once grand hotel is now one of the smaller spots around.  Not a criticism though -- at least they've so far resisted the urge to build bland rectangular additions to their themed central hotel.  But I digress...)  It's also bright and lively inside, and the prices at the tables and machines are often lower here than at most of the nearby hotels.  It's definitely ageing, but it's doing so relatively well.  So why the 2?  Personal preference.  The Excalibur is a bit 'too' fantasy-ish for me compared to the other hotels.  I loved it as a kid, but as an adult there's a Disney-ish vibe here that clashes with the Sin City vibe and my brain just can't take it.
1	We stayed 3 days and 2 nights in this place and it was a nightmare. The staff that was all over the casino trying to give you free shows was like walking on a car lot with the sales people attacking you. The staff was very rude, all of them. The rooms were just plain rooms I could have gotten at Best Western! They nickel and dime you for everything. They charged us a $28 "resort fee" but refused to tell us what that covered. She said we would have to find out on our own. The staff at one point tried to sell us 3 days on a future trip for $99 but lied to us just to get us to the counter to tell us about the deal! Now I understand that the point of a casino is to take your money but Excalibur puts a whole new meaning to rip off. We went to dinner at Planet Hollywood, toured Ceasers Palace and vistied the Bellagio and none of their hotel staff bothered us walking around at all. The staff sales people followed us all the way to the elevators we had to take to get to our room!!! The hotel is old and not up to date like the rest of Vegas and their building needs serious repair. Needless to say I will be telling everyone I know NOT to stay at this hotel.***Note: Even though you book at a cheap price be aware that they add hidden charges when you go to check in.
3	First and foremost: no WiFi.  That being said, we couldn't locate WiFi much of anywhere.  Well, not free WiFi, anyhow, which doesn't make sense to me.This was my first trip to Vegas and I've got to say: I probably won't stay at the Excalibur again unless somebody else is paying for it.  That's not entirely true.  The room was a standard hotel room, not what I was expecting in a casino.The bed wasn't uncomfortable, but it could have been better.  I'm probably jaded because of my satin sheets, but I slept just fine.I didn't have any problems with the staff.  In fact, everyone I dealt with was nice and courteous, but mostly unobtrusive.  The cocktail waitresses on the floor only forgot one of my drinks.Overall, staying here wasn't a bad experience, but it wasn't overtly impressive.  It's the kind of place you'd stay if you're traveling on the cheap.Update: I've been informed that Krispy Kreme has WiFi.  I'm assuming that's the one in the food court, but I can't test it.
1	Remind me of the TV show Good Times! Nasty-azz projects, waiting for the elevator each way for 20 minutes even the staff was complaining.  Room smelled like pissed & the sheets were dirty. Ask for a new room and front desk ask for another $20. Ha! NOT! You got the wrong one! When the bell boy came up 45 minutes later we finally got to a more descent room after 3 hours at arriving at this thieving rat-hole. Too many hidden fees, had the nerve to call this piece of $h*t a resort.
1	Ditto to all of the other reviews of the Excalibur Hotel. This would not have been my first choice, but the group I was traveling with insisted we stay there since it's kid friendly. Really the only time it is kid friendly is in the morning while everyone is still sleeping, but on the weekends around 4:00 p,m. the go-go girls start dancing on the bar right next to the casino. From the main entrance to the elevator goes right past them and between two bars, stupid location with families coming from the strip trying to get to their room. Speaking of elevators, on the weekends expect at least 20 minute wait time, find the stairs early so you save some time. Just hope you're not on the 25th floor! Kids arcade was huge, but half of the games either don't work at all, take your money or don't pay off the tickets. Really needs to be overhauled and updated!Were told rooms have been updated, maybe. They definately are not maintained however. Mold on bathroom ceiling, stains on curtains and carpet, typical vegas, not in the room much. Missing a lot of typical extras hotels provide, limited tv channels, no free wifi, found out later internet access was included in the $28 resort fee - whatever. Generally, the location on the strip is ideal, close to everything, rooms are cheap, its crowed because the rooms are cheap, drinks are expensive, didn't eat there nothing seemed appealing so went to the nicer hotels for dinner. Not aging gracefully and not what I was expecting.
3	it's old and out-dated, but it was only $40 for a long weekend! not much to say, but you get two free drink tickets when you check in
1	I did not actually stay at this hotel but stopped by on my way home from my trip. The employees were soo rude and annoying. The same employee attempted to have my husband and I sign up for a tour 5 times within a span of 5 minutes. And that person had the nerve to tell me I was being rude. I also ate at their buffet and it was horribleeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. I would never eat there again and would probably not stay there either.
1	I just stayed four nights and let me tell you I will never stay there again!!!!!! I had booked my hotel room 3 months in advance and asked for a King bed smoking room. When I get there they say that they are out and that they could put me in hat room the next day. So I go back down at noon and they put me in a King nonsmoking room. I go back down again they give two queens smoking room and to top it all off the toilet was clogged. The staff was not helpful at all, they did not offer any kind of upgrade or free night for any of this inconvenience. It  was cheap I will give them that, but overall not a place worth staying or visiting.
1	To be fair, if this hotel were anywhere besides Las Vegas I would of given it at least two or perhaps three stars. But with so many options in Vegas, this would truly have to be a last resort. The only place on the strip that I can think of that was equally tacky was Circus Circus, and surprise! They are owned by the same people...Okay, so it's old.... fair enough. Kid friendly, okay. But... Why put yourself through this if you are in Vegas and have so many options? I promise if you book your trip in advance you can find a great Deal at the MGM, Mirage, Treasure Island, Paris, or NYNY, etc etc... all which are a step above this mess.
4	This is a hidden gem on the Las Vegas strip.It's a great price for what you get. We have gotten rooms here as cheap as $25/night. The rooms are very spacious and most of them have already been newly renovated with a more elegant look and LCD flat tvs. The bathroom is large with a lot of counter space. The parking for the hotel is not too far of a walk, as most of the hotels on the strip are. We have never had a hard time getting parking. The hotel is in a good location. It's close to everything if you wanted to walk or drive. There is not a good restaurant selection in the hotel but they have a 24 hour food court with a McDonald's and full fledged Krispy Kreme! You can watch the donuts being made! They have recently opened up a Baja Fresh inside as well and have 2 Starbucks locations as well. And the best part is you have easy access to 5 other hotels/casinos. You can go to Mandalay Bay and Luxor without going outside by walking or you could even take the tram. You can just walk across the bridge to MGM or NYNY. Customer service has been great and we have even been upgraded a few times at no cost. We have always had a pleasant experience here. ^_^*~
2	Let me just tell you that if Dick's restaurant was around during the period of my life I actually worked in the restaurant industry, I would have been PERFECT for the job. A sassy staff full of quick comeback's and attitude will grace you with your presence upon arrival but if you are looking for an entertaining evening complete with decent food, you are mistaken. The food is far from satisfactory, especially if you prefer your burgers hot. You can expect luke warm food with no flavor whatsoever and by the time the rude staff actually brings you the condiments you've requested, it's pretty much a guarantee your food will officially be COLD. My best suggestion for an evening at Dick's, eat before hand and just go for the drinks. Be sure it's pay day also because for 4 fantastic beverages (2 tap beers and 2 cocktails) will cost you close to $60. Enjoy!
3	Stayed here for a few nights in December.  Definitely not the best place on the strip, but it wasn't bad.  The price isn't bad, I think I ended up paying 40 a night.  What I did like is that it is close to some of the other hotels and clubs, so not too bad of a walk.  I think next time I'm in Vegas, I'll upgrade to another hotel, but I wouldn't hesitate to stay here either if there were no other options
3	What's with all the one and two star reviews? It's a freaking hotel, it's not a resort on Fiji. Cheap rooms, pretty spacious (able to fit 8 of us in one standard room), responsive and attentive staff, beautiful views of.... well, no real view but whatever we could catch the glimmer of lights in the background. I had a fine experience, and the casino may have been slightly depressing with those "sexy" girls dancing about and no one watching them, but I had a good time, and I'm sure if you use a couple of those free drink tickets they give you upon check-in, you will too!Oh but PS $5 a person to use the jacuzzi. WTF? Even the Holiday Inn is free!
2	Stayed here once, for the price I wasn't expecting much.  Small rooms, outdated decor, slow room service, located at the end of the strip. Not much to do over here. You also have to pay to use their gym.  I would give it one more star but it is what is advertised but the price really is not that much cheaper than other hotels on the strip with a better location.
3	My first time back to the Excalibur since my previous review, I'm saddened to say that the trip was not quite as memorable, and a couple of things seemed to be a bit different than I remember.The hotel was still affordable and had decent service (free upgrade!), but the casino floor itself had changed a little bit, not for the better.  For one, my $5 craps table was gone.  Some of the games had been shifted around as well, although reverse-bonus pai-gow had a unique feel to it.  Also, the poker room that I raved about is back to a normal poker room, which was most disappointing.  Dealers, however, were friendly and helpful.My room, even with upgrade, was very standard.  Bed was of average comfort, but the pillows were incredibly tiny.  Sheets were also very, very low thread count, and I found it difficult to get comfy.  Wired Internet with no desk also seemed counterintuitive.However, and again, the crux of my first review remains:  Excalibur is a 'middle of the road' casino, great for families and people on a budget.  I've been to hotel/casino's that have inhibited my fun level, and the Excalibur is definitely not one of them.  I have absolutely no qualms about saying that I would stay here again.  Huzzah!
3	As a kid that grew up in Las Vegas the Excalibur has always been around.  My father helped open the Hotel and I've had several family members work there in years' past.  I've gotten a chance to eat at almost every restaurant they've put inside that place at one time or another.Hell, I practically spent a good portion of my childhood in the Fantasy Fair downstairs LOL.  Anyway as time moves along things change.  Obviously, anyone that has been and reviewed the Excalibur has stated the obvious; the hotel & casino are dated.  The rooms aren't modern or sophisticated, the table games and slots are old and cheap.  The restaurants are all three star or below, with the exception of Sir Galahad's, which is now referred to as "Pub" and Prime Rib... classy.Excalibur is good, cheap, three-star fun and entertainment.  I'm not sure how long this "seasoned" hotel will last in the new world of Vegas, but if you have a chance stop by and enjoy an old favorite of mine.
2	Since this is review 702, I figured I would do a review of something in the 702 area code.In high school, I loved watching the 1981 film, "Excalibur," directed by John Boorman. I was able to watch it at an age (15) where could appreciate everything it had to offer such as classic sword fighting, sex, medieval fantasy, sex, allegory, sex, betrayal, sex, tragedy, and of course, sex. Did I mention sex?In fact, it had so much sex that I renamed it, "Sexcalibur," much to the delight of all my male peers and the chagrin of my female peers in my English class. Did I mention that I was a virgin until I was 30?Anyway, when I was old enough to enjoy Las Vegas, I figured I would stay with a large group of my friends at Excalibur in hopes that I could return from my trip and tell my all of my college buddies that I stayed at "Sexcalibur," got wasted, and showed a girl (or three) my "poke-her" face.But this never happened. Sadly, Excalibur managed to screw up my reservation. Nothing could be done that Saturday night, unless I payed an amount that was way out my college budget. I would have to stay elsewhere for that Saturday night and then potentially return to Excalibur on Sunday night. All of this seemed way to difficult at the time since it was approximately 125 degrees in Las Vegas and it made moving around from hotel to hotel a huge hassle.Eventually, many of my friends stayed here and I went elsewhere. I did manage to hang out here a bit. Rooms were were a good size. You can fit plenty of people in them. I was also able to gamble, drink, and grow frustrated with the fact that either the drinks were weak or the girls were weak at Excalibur since I kept drinking and girls didn't get any cuter. At one point, I took out my contacts and that still wasn't enough to make any of the girls look better. Lame.
2	Although it's so cliche and I get sick of the saying, when it comes to Excalibur, it is what it is...I stayed here a couple times with my family when I was younger and it was okay then...not great.  Obviously, I think their appeal is based more towards families than a mid-20's person heading out to Vegas to go to clubs, etc.  But if a person just wants relatively inexpensive place to stay on the trip, I guess this could be a decent option.
5	Got good rate by Internet. The lady at check in desk gave me free upgrade. They charge resort fee but wired Internet is provided. for free.The room is very big, clean and updated with granite counter top, 5 star settings, 42 inch HDTV etc.Probably I was just lucky. Love it!
3	We stayed here 2 nights in one of the "non renovated" rooms for a good price - $36/ night - and got a king bed single room in Tower I. The accommodations were nice enough-- clean towels replaced daily, an average hotel-comfortable bed, nice view of the parking lot, a room near the elevator, and reasonably quick check-in and check-out. The fitness center was one of my main highlights-- open from 6am until 8pm daily, it features a small collection of cardio equipment (8 treadmills, 2-3 stairmasters, 2 reclined bikes, 2 upright bikes, 2 ellipticals) and a few small rows of machines, free weights, and very small stretching area. It was clean, with complimentary towels and 3 flat screen televisions to keep you moderately entertained.Internet is "free" in each room (included in the $9.95 MANDATORY hotel fee with the fitness center/ pool access) but it's via cable, so only 1 computer can plug in at a time. It was fast, but lugging around that cable means you can only conveniently use the internet in one location.I could have done without the endless soliciting for "free" shows, and we definitely didn't eat here as none of the food looked appetizing (even when I was starving) or affordable. Didn't play here either, since MGM and NY/NY were so close by and offer better atmosphere. Location on the strip was good enough for us-- walking was convenient.I'd stay here again as long as the price is right.
3	***CASINO***This place has cheap ($10 min, as opposed to the standard $15 or $25) craps and roulette tables, and a very non-intimidating atmosphere to stand around and watch for awhile with a beer. It kinda feels like you're in a sick smoker's lung, though. Thank God for Cali, eh?
3	Excalibur offers a decent price to stay at a big hotel/casino on the strip.  If you're looking for a bargain, this is the place to go.  You won't get the high-end experience that you'd get at a place like The Venetian but Excalibur offers clean comfortable rooms with the convenience of being on the strip at a decent price.  I used to love playing poker here but the poker room is no-more.  It's been replaced with automated poker dealers.  I don't know about all that and I'm not down to find out.  I've been to the pool here once before too.  There's too many kids for my preferance.  The place is kid friendly compared to other Vegas hotels because there's a large arcade downstairs.  They also have a large selection of fast food joints upstairs, McDonalds, Krispy Kremes, pizza, etc.Excalibur is a great bargain if you don't mind not having great amenities in your room but who even spends that much time in the room when you're in Vegas.  If you're looking to save some money on your hotel room but still want a clean room to sleep and shower, then check out Excalibur.
3	I understand the plethora of negative reviews, but, for the price, Excalibur provides an adequate experience.  I view this through the lens of cost benefit analysis.  It is also helpful that I am entertained by some elements of the crowd that hangs out in the casino, such as the woman I just now saw wearing tight white shorts that has large black lettering on the rear that stated "if you think I'm a bitch, quit looking at my ass."  You can't find that in just any casino...
2	Upon entering with our bags, we were bombarded with hotel staff "salesman" asking us where lived, how long we've lived together, etc. I didn't answer and they were asking just to try and sell us on stuff. We finally made it to the checking, and then up to our room. It was a nonsmoking room but I could definitely smell smoke. The room was an upgrade, but only in the TV and granite counters. The rest was stuck in the 90s. Other negatives: the shower head was horrible, and the placement of the toilet paper roll (you have to break your back just to get to it).I don't think I'd stay here again. Maybe next time I will stay at the Paris.
2	I don't know what I was thinking staying at this place--it SUCKS. The castle exterior looks ridiculous, the carpeting reminds me of some cheap motel 6, and the shows seem like they were made for 5 year olds. I don't remember if the service was up to par, but I do remember how ugly the suites were--when I entered the room I wondered if I was in a hostel somewhere in eastern europe. Ugh. Do yourself a favor--don't come here.
1	This is the WORST Vegas experience I have ever had. -When entering the casino on the way to registration you get attacked by the sale staff trying to get you to go to shows and asking you for tons of personal information-I paid $20 for an early check in and was completely dismissed at the front counter telling me to come back 3 hours later. They wouldn't upgrade my room or even refund my $20 dollars-The room smelled of smoke and was fugly.-The place was ramparting with kids, fat housewives, and elderly people at slot machines with oxygen tanks.-It was extremely noisy up until the late hours of the evening. The TWO good things: LOCATION- Amazing. easy access to all of the strip and a tram to other casinos.DICKS RESTAURANT- Inside the Casino. Got drunk and had an amazing burger for a decent price.I would recommend this to people who want to bring their kids because it is very child and family friendly on a budgetTo anyone wanting to have a fun experience in a nice hotel in vegas- not the place to go.
1	Tacky, stinky and rude!  We've been to Vegas many times, but this is the first time we have been to the Excalibur.  We chose this hotel because we had the kids with us and figured it would be more "kid friendly" at the pool.  Yes, the pool is kid friendly, but the hotel itself is the WORST.  First thing when we pulled into valet, the guy rolled our luggage to the curb and "informed" us that he does not share tips with the other bellmen so he would need his tip right then.  So rude!  For rolling my luggage 10 feet?  Yes, I might tip you, but never if you ask for it!  Then as we enter we get hit up immediately by pushy sales staff trying to sell shows and push another property.  No thanks.  Unfortunately, every single time we enter or leave our room, they attack us.  So tacky and rude!  Now to the smell.  Gross, yuck, disgusting, stinky hell hole.  I hope that describes it enough.  Walk into most other hotels on the strip and then walk into the Excalibur.  Tell me if you feel differently.  Blah...worst Vegas hotel experience ever and one time we stayed at the Four Queens and had a speaker outside of our window from Fremont Street!  Oh yah, and every time we walked through the casino with our kids, someone was harping on us.  Hellloooo....we were staying there, how were we going to get our kids into our room without walking through your stinking casino??  They weren't gambling, they were walking through (one in a stroller).  Give me a break!
3	This review is for the Midway only...the place where the games be.... My parents used to bring me and my brother here on the family trips to Vegas back in the day. I have to say, it looked the same from when I was a kid. Well, it looked smaller but that could be because I just grew. We decided to bring our 2 year old here on the way back to my moms house who lives in Vegas. It even seems they have the same carnival games as they did almost 15 years ago. We played a few of them and we won my son a few stuffed animals. My brother and I used to play those games where you drop your quarter in the slot and it is supposed to knock other quarters off the ledge. Well, most of those were not working or taped up so you could not play them. My son liked the huge Sponge Bob thing in front of the 4D ride they have now. My son really seemed to like it down there. Since my mom lives in Vegas we will probably bring him back when we are in town. But, that would be the only reason we go back to that run down hotel. I have a feeling that will be one of the next hotels on the strip to go. I guess if you have to stay there I see they have super cheap rates during the off season...like $29.00 cheap. I would go here again, but only for my son to play around down stairs. He had a good time and I would recommend for other parents with kids. It's an option to blow a few hours if you need to.
4	Stayed here for a few days in the newly remodeled tower. I really enjoyed my stay and have no complaints on the cleanliness of the room or house keeping. My only gripe is that the AC is so freaking loud! That it makes it hard to fall asleep.
4	this is the second time that I've stayed in the property and I must confess that all I did was sleep there and eat breakfast at Sherwood Forest Cafe, so I cannot comment on the gambling or any of the  other restaurants.For the price, this place is a steal. They do charge a resort fee but it includes wired internet which almost every where else you have to pay for in addition to your resort fee. I think the resort fee was about 10 or 11 dollars a day and included two drink coupons (or $5 off a drink of your choice at any casino bar) and 2 games on the midway as well as the internet. The breakfast that I had at the Cafe was fine and Pat was a very diligent server and very thorough so no complaints there,more expensive than Denny's but better service and more convenient to collapsing into bed - you choose.Check in had long lines, took about 15 minutes but I got put in a standard room (the cheapest) in Tower 1 and I was fine with the room and the facilities there. Check out was quick and easy but I left at 6am, it may be less easy later in the day.If all you are doing in Vegas is looking for a clean safe place to sleep, this definitely does the job.
2	This play used to be the spot - at least in the early 90's.  From the Magic Show, nice arcade and huge buffet, this place is definitley an older hotel.  I would compare this to the Sahara Hotel.  Casino is huge and the pool is cool, has a slide, but aside from that, there are too many options to have to settle for the Excalibur- especially if you are paying.  If it's free, I wouldn't mind.  It's on the Southern Most End of the Strip.
2	Yawn. In need of a facelift and some sprucing up. Cheap, for sure, but you get what you pay for. And for just a small percentage more you can get much more for your buck. If you've got kids, it's probably ok. But the amenities, food, drinks, rooms are all pretty boring if you're going to vegas for fun and glitz and glamour.
1	Zero stars. Can you possibly get any more shameless than to have workers in the lobby shaking your patrons down with condominium sales pitches while they are on their way to and from their rooms?!
2	We chose the Excalibur as a way to save money - so I can't say that I expected some outstanding experience but having stayed at the Imperial Palace (which is more centrally located and still very cheap) on a different trip I wouldn't come back to this hotel.1. The elevators were AWFUL. There was always a huge line to get on them and they were so slow. It seems like only one or two were in service at a time or something. 2. The buffet was totally disappointing. Vegas buffets are my favorite and this one was cheap yes, but delicious? no. 3. The pool was ok - nothing too special and they could definitely use a better laundry service for their towels. They had this pink/orange colored towels that were faded and dingy...just had a "gross" feeling to it.The rooms themselves were decent. Nothing to report there. All in all I would say I didn't *hate* it but wouldn't recommend it.
4	We stayed there this past weekend, and i have to say the staff at the front desk, well Micheal, what a great young lady, very sweet. so we check in around 7pm and finding the front desk wasnt hard to find. the room was not to far from the elevator for one. the pool was quite nice but wasnt heated as much as i liked but that wasnt bad, for being in Las Vegas. okay the neg. one of our room laps had a shortage so if you touch it, it made a strange sound and blinked. On our second night my friend noticed that our sheet had a rip on the side of it. The pillows.. well only three. which was odd. Were very flat.Good... The room was a nice size, flat screen, bathroom was really good. Our room was on the 25th floor and facing New York, New Your and MGM. and what a view .. OMG we sat looking at the rids and the lights. Great ROOM.. Great ROOM.. Nice Hotel, and would stay there again..
2	Good place when I went to it years ago (1993) when the motion rides were working, the carpets seemed fresh, and it was really family friendly.Not the same way anymore, judging by the way they had dancing girls shaking their stuff to blaring music at the bar near the entrance.  The waitresses still wear the same bland outfits though, and in the cases of some of the very mature (read old) ones, that's not a bad thing.We just played the slots here for a while and listened to a band playing at the Octane Lounge, as the rather beat look inside of this hotel doesn't exactly scream "stay here!".
2	This is one of the hotel/casinos that I would liek to group into the older group.On my previous trip I did not gamble here but instead came here on our last day here because we were broke.  We went to the kid's area/game room.This brought so many childhood memories when my parents would come here and they dropped me off here to play the games.  This time around we went here when I wanted just to goof around.  At least here if you're a winner you get something that you get to hang onto...a stuffed animal.
2	For the price and location on a sold out weekend it will do.I could bash left n right after having stayed in Paris, Venetian etc...It will give you a bed to do your business.At the pool right now, picture Norm from Cheers, your localElementary school and a lot of housewives....that's the view.A beds a bed right.
3	Stayed here for two nights purely to save some money.  At $66 a night, you can't go wrong.  All I need in Vegas is a place to sleep, shower, and get ready -- Excalibur served its purpose.  The elevators take forever and the pool area is just ok.  However, it was quite nice to go when it first opens and you can have your pick of beach chairs.  Very family friendly with the arcade and everything.  I received two $5 coupons for drinks and two free games in the arcade area upon check-in.  I really like how there's very easy access to Luxor, Mandalay Bay, NYNY, and MGM.
1	Didn't stay here visited a friend who stayed here during June 4-7 2010 in Tower 2 on the 20 Th floor.Pros'sA high end circus circus that's saying something..Nice size Flat screen tvCon'sWhere to start oh flat screen with no HD...wowNo Bathroom Towel'sDated Furniture (Think Orange Chair's) and old curtain'sOlder Bathroom'Dirty carpet in room and in the hallway'sClogged sinkOverall just seem like a  little less dirtier Circus Circus with castle theme.
1	Usually we stay at Paris, but there were no vacancies on the spur of the moment. And since we were only crashing for a few hours, we found the closest hotel that wasn't going to be $300. Hence Excalibur. I must admit, it was cheap. The room was $50 and right on the strip. BUT COME ON!First off all, I think the unfinished wood furniture was from my grandmother's house, not to mention it was falling apart. The wall paper in the bathroom was peeling. The main light blew out the first time I turned it on, and the lamp next to the beds was burnt out already. Let's not forget all of the bleach stains all over the carpet. It worked though. We didn't die. So it couldn't have been that bad.
3	Through bloodshot eyes, I look into the mirror and wonder if this is gonna be the last time. My cell phone on the dresser is ringing but it seems like its 300 yards away. Its okay I know who it is, and I know what they're gonna say. "c'mon bro, we're gonna go hit up another bar..hurry up!" . this was Saturday, I think. The dense shade covering the lone window of my hotel room gave no indication of the time of day or night. Staring there at my own reflection I cant help but ask myself "is this too much? Have I gone too far? Geeze, I've been here for 26 hrs. I've already been drunk and sober, 4 separate times. And sleep? Not a wink.. Maybe I should get some rest. Just a short nap to re-charge my batteries......peh! yea right! If im gonna do this thing im gonna do it right!" I grab my Stingy Brim hat, and my cell phone from the dresser, and head out the door into the long hallway toward the elevators. I knew it would be a while before I come back here and once again attempted to rest my weary bones. But this is Vegas, who sleeps in Vegas?To the Excalibur Hotel.  Thank you for renting me the biggest, nicest, locker I have ever had. You lent me a space to keep my things safe, and shower once in a while. I don't remember if this is true, but my friends tell me there was even a bed in there. Hmm, I wouldn't know. I do, however, vaguely recall an instance that included some nice soft towels too.  Your staff was kind, and their tolerance for a bunch of bumbling, soused curmudgeons, is commendable. Someday when I can piece together the photographic evidence and whiteness accounts, I'll have to tell myself all about it.. thanks again, and may god have mercy on your souls.
2	It is what it is, especially for $25 a night. i was totally spoiled, too, having spent the previous night at the Palazzo.There is something depressing about this place, with the screaming children, the slot machines, the cigarette smoke, the folks on the sidewalk wearing t-shirts that advertise 'A GIRL TO YOUR ROOM IN 20 MINUTES' but I think that can be said for the entire "Las Vegas Experience."All that being said, my stay at Excalibur was decent -- I just wanted to get the hell out of Vegas.
3	I spent $50 a night at Excalibur. I had an old school room.  Got regular tv instead flat screen tv.  AC not working.I went to book another Hotel at venetian (I love it)
4	I stayed here last summer with my parents and nephew, and my expectations were very low. So, I was pleasantly surprised. If you have been to real castles in Europe, Excaliber actually does a great job. It is a castle, not a mansion. It's old school stone castle feel. It was clean enough and my nephew loved it. Our view of McCarran airport and the mountains was actually pretty spectacular at sunset. I've stayed in dumps and I've stayed in the lap of luxury. I think my review is quite fair. Coffee shop food was better than Dennys, good enough that we visited several times for convenience. Even had fun secret gambling with Pops in there.And we LOVED the slide at the pool. Pool was also better than expected.
1	My husband and I stayed here for the promotion and it was a huge mistake. This hotel is now probably the worst on the strip next to Sahara. We had checked in with an un-made room, broken safe, and dirty towels. When we switched rooms, it was nicer but that night at 4am (while we were asleep) the fire alarm went on for about 10 minutes.  I was so scared until I found out that the management told me there was no fire but a drunk idiot that pulled the handle on the alarm in the hall on the only floor of the hotel. The front desk proceeded to tell us that there are no cameras in the hallways so they couldn't be caught!!!! I have no idea why a hotel wouldn't have security cameras to avoid any risk on the hotel, but after the quality of service we received, I can see why this hotel is known for being one of the worst.I must say that at around 5pm, the casino started to have dancing girls around the casino and it was nice to finally have some sinister in this hotel that is trying to go away from family. But, still too many kids that are underage running around. People Vegas isn't for kids anymore!!!We checked in to the MGM for the rest of our stay and it was faboosh!
2	Ook.  Needs a remodel in a BAD way.Felt childish compared to Mandalay Bay and Luxor (on either side).I bet kids would like the theme here.Pro - less expensive than other strip hotels.
2	Had no idea what to expect with this hotel, the casino smelled really bad of smoke, like they had no ventilation so I was immediately thinking the worst before we headed to our room. We got in the elevator and as I look up notice that the light cover above us is missing.... an easy fix.  We get to the room and everything was just so tacky and old. The theme was just so ridiculous.  At this point I am just hoping things are clean. I head to the bathroom and there is a nasty filth all around the sink. I was extremely grossed out and called housekeeping to please come and clean it. Took them a really long time to get to the sink. Next, I check the bed to make sure it is clean, and it was, so that's why the 2 stars. The bed was actually fairly comfortable, although could have used more pillows in my opinion. The next day I had to call room service 3 times to get them to clean the beds, they didn't end up showing until about 7pm. Overall I would not stay here again. On sat night we paid $90 and I felt pretty ripped off considering we could have spent the almost the same at nyny. Oh also the AC unit was not working very well the room really didn't get cold, so that's another negative.
1	This place really has lots of potential, but it seems they are just letting it fall apart.  The door locks need serious maintenance.  I'm not exaggerating when I say I stood in the hallway for 15 minutes trying to get the reader to recognize the key before it let me into the room!!Inexpensive, but you get what you pay for...just spend the extra $5-$10 a night and stay at the Luxor next door!  Even if you have kids, I'm sure they'll love the "Pyramid" hotel just as much as "The Castle" one!
4	I love this place!  I know it's sort of a dump but it's homey.  We stayed three nights at the end of June 2010 The Good - The rooms are nice and the bathrooms are roomy.  Our room had a big plasma t.v. and a great view of the strip.Buffet is worth the price of $27 for all day.  We love the arcade that has county fair like games and of course, my favorite, the claw game!!  Games are not hard to win.  So it makes it fun for the kids.Pool is nice.  One area has a water slide and the other side is more for the drinking adults.  The Bad -Asked for 4 extra blankets and we only got 2.  They said they were out!  That's crazy!  Who does the laundry?  Fire 'em!Ice machine on our floor was out of ice for a whole day.  Our nice big plasma t.v. turned itself on at 5:00 a.m. and nothing worked to turn it off.  I finally had to unplug it!  Then when I plugged it back in we only got a few stations.  We checked out that day so we didn't complain.On our second night, a burning smell woke me out of a sound sleep.  We panicked and searched the room for the smell.  It was the air conditioner!!  We shut it off and went back to sleep.  Crazy, I know.  But we were tired.  We only had the thing at 65.  The next night it worked fine.The arcade is a little run down.  Most of the claw games are out of order, but some of them did work just fine.  We did get a little tired of the buffet after having it for every meal.Still, I love this place.  I never want them to fix it up because then it will be higher priced.  It's fine the way it is.  Not perfect, but nice.  We go to this hotel once and year and to the MGM Grand once a year.  They are different.  MGM is nicer but much higher priced.  Excalibur is great.  At it's price we can still afford to go to shows and do other things and not break the bank.  At MGM we just go and enjoy our expensive hotel.
4	Never stayed at the hotel, but has been to the midway fantasy faire. I used to enjoy circus circus midway more, but now I like excalibur more. Do you want to know why?1. The worker there saw that I ran out of tickets and went to get some right away, while theres barely any workers there that help you with anything!.2. The prizes were not impossible to obtain.3.Theres a nice looking fountain in he middle.4. They have that one shooting zombies game I really like.5. They had the game where you put a quarter in and the arm moves to try to make the prize fall down, but it was out of order..that is my favorite game, circus circus doesn't have that game anymore either. :(But at least they have it at excalibur, its just out of order.6.Claw machines have better prizes.7. theres this nice lady that works there that pointed out there's 10 tickets hanging out of the machine, and gave it to me. :)I will probably go back just to see if that lady is still working there!!Compared to the mean workers at Circus Circus..:(
4	We stayed here a couple of times before.  The rooms are nicely kept.  My little girl loves the pool so I was happy to see that they keep it very clean.  We were at another hotel and the water cloudy and cold.  So if you have kids that love to swim, stay here.  They have water slides and the waterfall looks very pretty.
2	Cheap and decent, but your towers are too far away from each other.
2	They are celebrating being around for 20 years. Trust me, if you stay here, you'll be able to tell it's been around for 20 years. You can tell that Tower 1 hasn't been upgraded in quite a long time (since it was built?) and that is where we got saddled for our $45 a night ($33 plus the $11 resort charge).    Our room had two queen beds which was great but the polyester bed spread had a mixed colour scheme that reminded me of those gag plastic vomits that you can get at Spencer's Gifts or the like. Except darker. And kind of scary. When we got in, our four year old dove into one of the beds where we discovered someone had put a used Q Tip under the bed spread. I removed it to find... that under the top sheet they had placed ANOTHER Q Tip. You can tell someone purposely did it. Whether it was someone testing housekeeping or the previous tenant to this room I will never know but it was severely gross enough to have us call housekeeping to ask them to remake the bed.    They came within 20 minutes and remade the bed. I had disposed of the Q Tips (and scalded my hands with hot water and soap) and we left to let them finish (I'm not comfortable playing lady of the manner while someone does a job I do all the time at home) so they seemed to have that look like 'right lady sure there was a Q Tip. Maybe they were tired. Maybe something else.    It's kind of obvious that the turn and burn on these rooms is really limited. Corporate probably has told them to get in and get out with as minimal cleaning as possible. Our bathroom had some cleanliness issues but nothing that I couldn't take care of. The towels were a bit smallish and a bit scratchy that comes from being really inexpensive and washed to death. I suppose if you're offering a room for $30 a night, you're not going to be putting in the Frette linens for people.   If you're not particular about where you are staying and are staying on the Strip, this is your place.   On the positives: the pools are nice. Great for kids. Not so much for adults wanting to avoid kids. The Sherwood Forest Cafe serves good food (I liked the breakfast quesadilla and the salsa it came with) and is fairly relaxing.    The other negatives? Man I hate that you can't walk 10 yards without being accosted by a time share person. We got attacked as we walked in the door to check in and when we finally were able to draw a breath, we pissed off the kid trying to get us to sit through some 9am breakfast talk about how we want to invest non existent money into a Vegas time share. The pool is all the way on the other side of the hotel which means you're traipsing from Tower 1 to Tower 2 through the casino in your suit. Which isn't too bad until your dripping body is trying to get back to your room. Fun to do across the casino with all the people staring at you like an alien.   My hubs took our son to the arcade for some fun (he wanted to play slots but at four, he's a bit young) and my hubs said it was really overpriced for what you were doing.    We aren't coming back. Sorry.
3	It is very obvious that this is the cheapest of the casinos on the strip. Evident not only by the out-dated-ness of it, but also the throngs of families and their multitudes of children. Fair enough, it's a giant castle. But, still a casino, right...? After checking out the neighbor casinos in the area I realize that I definitely chose to slum it a little. Kinda bummed for our first (and as hermits probably only) Vegas trip. Hindsight says to pay the extra $5-$10 a day to stay at the Luxor, or another $5 on top of that for the Mandalay.The Excalibur serves it's purpose. We were able to get married in the on site chapel (which was very quiet and lovely hidden away from the hustle and bustle... though it is quite literally next to a Pizza Hut Express...) and even managed to win some money. Want a tip? Play video poker or Keno at the bar and drink comped drinks as long as you're gambling. I'm not upset I'm out $20, because I'm quite sure I drank double that.
3	I stayed here in May, it was okay.  The room, although non-smoking reeked of smoke, but was clean.  The hotels are a walk from the main entrance though, so bring a rolling suitcase! TOO many children, which I find hilarious since they have the party pit with the half naken women dancing around on stage (which is rather entertaining none-the-less). We didn't have any luck at this casino though and the table hands were unfriendly.  I always like to have friendly table hands who help make gambling fun.  Even if I'm losing money, if I'm having fun I'll stay a while.  It's no fun to lose money with no smiling though haha.  Dick's Last Resort is a must visit for those not faint of hear (NOT KID FRIENDLY).  It's my favorite restaurant and probably Excalibur's redeeming factor.  If not for this restaurant they would probably only get 2 stars from me.In the end, you get what you pay for.  It's cheap and it will do.  Who really spends that much time in their own room in Vegas anyways?
1	Children's game area.  We gave this place a 2nd shot and were disappointed again.  Many coin change machines are broken and now the carnival games are out of order too.  My family wanted to play the horse game where you roll the ball, out of 20 machines, only 7 were working!  The prices for the games are expensive too.  This place needs improvements.  I don't think we'll be visiting this place anymore.  Circus Circus is better.
4	I had an overall great experience in this hotel.  The location isn't the best, but it's within walking distance of the rest of the strip so it worked out fine.  The hotel features several restaurants so finding food wasn't difficult at all.  When I went to check in, the lady at the desk was a jerk, but other than that it was great.  It was one of the nicer rooms I have ever stayed in (but still not 4-5 star quality).  I would opt for the street facing rooms instead of the interior facing rooms, which is what I had.  It is also one of the cheaper hotels on the strip in Las Vegas.  If the price is right, I will stay here again.
1	I could not wait to come home to write this review.  I paid for this on Las Vegas.com and chose it because it is a castle and we have a two year old.  It was also the cheapest out of all of the hotels although last month we vacationed at the Luxor for about the same price with better customer service.  When we arrived I was told that there was a resort fee of $22.  That was unexpected but cool so I paid cash. The following morning I get a message light telling me to call guest services which I did and was told that I still owed the resort fee.  The woman was rude to me as though I was trying to get away with something and snorted when I told her that I'd paid cash and that should be in their system since after all I was in the room...hello?!  Then she told me that there was no note of it and that I bring down the receipt.  Well that just pissed me off as it was early morning and when I described the guy who helped me as Hispanic she answered, "So you are saying that he's Mexican?!"  Like what?!  I told her that I didn't know specifically the nationality and asked if there was any log of me checking in and she said, "Well yes, but you need to pay."  I asked for the manager.  He came on and told me that the employee was off that day but he would check into it.  We went to have breakfast at the little table in the room and when I sat down I was stuck in my upper thigh by a skinnny piece of metal sticking out of the arm of the chair.  I called down and once again the rude woman on the line just said, "Well, what chair and are you coming down to pay what you owe."  There was no, "I'm sorry that you were hurt are you okay?  We'll send someone right away to take the chair out since you have a two year old with you...or anything like that.   This time I told her that she was rude and she just transferred me to the manager named Mark.  He was nice enough and told me that he didn't understand the rudeness and would speak to her and that they would extend our checkout time until 3p.m.  We agreed I put some Neosporin on the pin prick on my leg and we went out to lunch since we had time to pack.  We got back at 1:40 p.m. and when we tried the door key it didn't work.  I called on my cell the hotel number three times to no answer and finally a supervisor of the maids came by and called security.  The guard got there but first had to let another family into the room.  Then when I told him that we had called downstairs and that they were rude about the call he responded, "Well what do you want me to do, I can't answer for other people."  He opened our room and left.  I laughed at that point because truly you do get what you pay for.  I don't know if the issue of the "resort fee" was solved but I did go down to speak to them again and absolutely no record of my paying cash was lodged and I wasn't given a receipt and they also had no idea that I'd paid the hotel fee on line completely.  It was a disaster.  Leaving on a positive note, the wading pool was great for small children.  Otherwise it was a horrible experience and the unfortunate end to my lovely summer vacation as a teacher on break. Advice:  Spend the extra money and skip the castle.
3	This hotel & casino wasnt so bad.Near the strip and it was cheap.As long as theres a casino downstairs im all down for that.
1	I dont understand why people even bother staying at this hotel. It is disgusting. Outside of the whole thing that it looks like a giant castle - which is pretty cool from the outside - the hotel is a complete disappointment. A few of my friends stayed at this hotel (while I stayed at the encore with a few others) and we came to their room at the Excalibur to meet up, and I was in total shock. Isnt Las Vegas suppose to be the epitome of what hotels should look like? I would understand if this was a motel 6 or something, but its not!The rooms had those fat TVs from the 90s. The beds were hard as rocks, and the place smelled like crap. Im glad we stayed at the Encore, im never even considering this place  for my next vegas trip.
3	This was home base for this past weekend in Vegas.  Even with a discount and booking straight through them, it wasn't "cheap".  It was still like 120 a night and the room wasn't that great.  I was actually surprised by the casino part.  It was pretty big and had fun playing there.  Drink service was good for the most part.  My buddy was having a bachelor party and they were staying next door at the Luxor.  I saw the rooms at the Luxor and they were smaller than ours here AND were like 50 bucks a night more.  Jack move!  I liked how it was connected though to basically New York New York, MGM and Luxor though.  Good times.  Beds were ok.  Couch was small.  If I got a free room here I would stay again but I doubt I would seek this out and shell out more than 65 a night for this place.  I did win a decent sized Wolverine stuffed animal by using my Larry Bird basketball skills and making a shot.  I brought it home so my dog could play with it.  First thing he does is hump the shit out of it.  Funny!  Good times!
2	We stayed in Tower 2 on the 23rd floor. This was my first time staying here just last weekend and we "upgraded" our room on the drive from AZ to NV and apparently the "upgrade" was just a flat screen tv and slightly bigger room. Disappointing.  The curtains were dirty. The nightstand was dusty. Our table was not clean. The bathroom floor was not clean. The AC smelled really gross at certain times when it was running. We thought there was free wi-fi but there was only a cord to connect your laptop to the internet. We were unable to fix the clock radio to say the correct time..at least 3 adults tried and we failed.  Got into our room by 1230 or so and turned down the sheets in our bed to find crumbly stuff, not sure what it was, so we had to call room service to come change the sheets which they did.We put our trash can out in the hall to make sure it got emptied and people starting filling it up with their own trash. So we put it in front of the janitor's door and never saw our trash can again. Other things I did not like: the hallway smelled disgusting (like vomit someone said)The ice machine ran out of ice and was never restocked the last couple nights we were there so i had to go up or down a floor to get ice for my ice chest since there was no mini fridge in the room. There was a safe though.The pool was not that exciting but it was okay. They did take off the upgrade fees when we checked out but other than the fact the outside looked cool obviously and inside there were some good places to eat and shopping , i'd not want to stay here again.
3	im going to be honest...i was expecting much from this hotel, i thought it was going to be bad...considering their buffet sucks.... but it wasnt bad at all!!the rooms looked like the were newly remodeled, had a huge flat screen tv, they were modern and nice, and the bathroom was bug, with a huge mirror...i loved it!!..and we got to walk around, and the have a lot going on!! alot of restaurants, great bars, and was ver active!...and since it was connected to the Luxor and another hotel, we went club hopping without every stepping foot on the sidewalks!
3	from the looks of it outside and inside. this place needs some remodeling. the smell of the cigarette is almost  palpable due to the place being old. the casino floor is the biggest offender. the room though was very surprising. the A/C was working well, the beds were comfortable enough, the bathroom was clean and nice looking. i think they remodeled the rooms instead of the casino floor. i liked that they had a food court if you ran out of money to spend on buffets and restaurants. i guess i won't mind staying here again when i got to stay for free.
1	So I went on Priceline which btw is another serious issue because when you buy package deals from them; they don't let you pick the time or day you want to come in. Anyways back to the crappy hotel that is the Excalibur. It wasn't just the fact it was cheap looking and smelled like your Grandmas house that has 20 cats and smoke a pack a day; it was the customer service, the lack of housekeeping and the overly priced rooms that are not worth your money. My sister and I stayed for four days and not once did our room get cleaned. My sister left a mark on the sheets to see if they would be switched the next day and sure enough they were never switched. On top of that the lights went out and they wanted to charge me $130 to extend my check out for 2 hours. The customer service is horrific, especially for a Vegas hotel. I get the hotel is old and everything but come on people, have some pride. My sister lost her phone and asked customer service and the lady was SO RUDE to her and just said "im sorry but I didn't see a phone", without even looking. So my sister goes to the manager and complains about the rudeness and also about her phone Sure enough the phone was in lost and found!People even if your looking for a cheap reasonable hotel...don't even waste your money. Stay at the Luxor which is nicer and reasonable and actually give a shit about their guests!
4	We stayed at Excalibur for one night, just before leaving for a road trip tour of the Western United States. Our room was very inexpensive ($40), and upon checking in, they upgraded us instantly to a jacuzzi suite because they had one available. The room was clean and spacious, and a great location on the Vegas strip!
4	Last summer my kids and I stayed at the Excalibur and enjoyed our visit so much that we booked a night there again. Our recent visit was pretty good, we were offered an upgraded newly remodeled room for $20 more, which seemed nice but I declined. Just for the reason we were staying one night and didn't plan on being in the room the whole time. We did encounter a small problem this visit. They were changing the operating system on the elevators and we were in Tower 1 and it took a long time to catch an elevator and we did it was packed. It took my son an hour to make it back up to our room. So I let the front desk know about my experience with that at our time of check out and they were kind enough to offer us a late checkout and I was happy and accepted that. She explained nicely that they were having some problems and were fixing them. My kids and I enjoy the pool and the gym facility is nice to. I have booked another weekend in September and this time to a newly remodeled room. I have called to make sure the elevators are up and running and they said yes. So Excalibur we will see ya soon!
3	This is really 3.5 stars, I have to say, because the Excalibur really isn't bad at all, especially for the price. This was the first place we stayed at on our epic road trip across America, and it did us well. It was comfortable, clean, and close enough to everything else on the strip. There really wasn't much to complain about this hotel since we weren't trying to stay in the room much of the time. Sure, if you're used to staying in fancy hotels all the time, the Excalibur might not seem up to your standards. But for recent college grads like us, it was mighty fine. An average of 60 dollars a night when almost everything else was 100 or more. The best place to stay on a budget that isn't off the strip.
1	This was the 2nd time that we stayed here, and will be the LAST TIME as well!We arrived at 11am and were hoping to get an early check in, we get to the counter and everything seems to be going well, until the person says "Ok, I have you in Non-smoking room with 2 double beds" to which I looked t my wife in astonishment, and replied back with, "No, I reserved a smoking room with a king size bed", he then tells me that for that, I will have to wait until 1 OR 2pm to check in then. I go to leave our bags with the bell desk and have to wait 20 minutes before anyone even shows up to take them from me. When we were finally able to check in we were told that we could only have a room on the 1st floor! Great, we get to our room, which has a fantastic view of a brick wall! The room has carpet from 1955 with wallpaper and furniture to match. Not only all this, but then to get our bags it takes 2 hours for the bell desk to finally drop them off! All I wanted was to get a shower and fresh clothes after traveling all morning, and by time I could do this, it was past dinner time. Never again, I will go back to NYNY, Monte Carlo or TI any day of the week before I step foot back into this dump.
2	I ended up staying at the Excalibur for one night because my flight was delayed till the next day.  So the airline put us up at the Excalibur.  So my review strictly just about the rooms.   We were in Tower II.  Get to the room and ugh.  On the ninth floor and my view is of the vents on the roof of another building.  I search for light switches and there are none.  Um, the lamp still has a pull down string to turn it on.  The AC is old and makes a boat-load of noise.  I look at the bed and the bed spread and pillows are brown and discolored. GROSS!!!!!   There is no tub, it's just a stand up shower.   A little disappointing for a hotel on the strip.  They definitely need to renovate and upgrade or tear it down and build something else!!   The one plus... there were about 300 of us lined up at one time at the front desk... the line did move pretty fast!
2	This is the first time I stayed in an older Vegas hotel.  I'm only here for one night and decided I didn't want to spend too much money on a room since I'm going to be in vegas for less than 24 hours.It's an old hotel, so I wasn't expecting much.  My assumptions were right:  an old room with a small CRT TV, old stand up shower, old bedsheets.  Everything in this hotel looks outdated although it does look clean and well kept.  I didn't have high expectations coming here anyways.  (side note:  I'm assuming the upgraded rooms look slightly different according to other Yelp reviews)I don't gamble so I can't give the best review about the casino.  Every casino looks the same to me:  slot machines and card tables.I guess it's ok if you don't mind the old vibe.
4	Okay I have stayed at Excalibur for years esp since my dad gets free rooms from them as well. I've stayed at Mandalay Bay, Wynn, Monte Carlo, and MGM..and while yes they are better. I really didn't mind staying at Excalibur for my trip this past August with my boyfriend just because I never had a problem with their service or rooms. We got to check in earlier than the check in time, the wait for it was decent-wasnt even bad..we got our room and everything was like basic and nice. Although our headboard of our bed creaked  (yeahhh shut up!! haha) but I didnt mind and just dust it off and throw some of the towels to fix that. I booked our hotel stay here on expedia and for two nights was 73 bucks! Not too bad, I must say! Although i did NOT like paying the 18 something dollars for the resort fee? WTF? They never had that before but whatever! I would def stay here again, esp for the prices.
2	if at all possible, stay away from here.honestly, the rooms aren't really that bad but the ones we were in were outdated and kind of nasty. the shower head was weak and during the winter you want to take a warm shower, but it came out with cold to lukewarm water. the carpet is also kind of dirty, you can tell they dont vacuum too much because there are crumbs here and there and sunflower seeds. and the smell of smoke is all over the casino floor. other hotels have  better ventilation systems.
2	The pool was fun! The room was spacious and there was nothing wrong. BUT when I went to shower the drain was clogged! I asked guest services to come up 2 different nights and nobody ever came. I even checked to make sure the do not disturb sign wasn't hanging on the door. It wasn't and I had to shower with water at my feet ankle high. Ew!
2	I think much with this hotel has been let go through the years. I suppose it's to be expected its an older hotel, that my family has been loyal to through 10+ years. I would recommended stay here if you want cheap stay, I mean your not going to be in your room that often any ways, so if you don't want to splurge on accommodations hit them up.  Was $75 for 2 nights stay, with a bunch of coupons for the restaurants/gambling/retail. Got tower one which I believe is the older of the 2 towers. Its not next to the pool, so if you want pool access request Tower 2. It's a clean and well kept hotel, but it's definitely not been updated with modern times, HEY gives it more of a medieval feel, right?, ha! Had a clogged bathroom sink, which was quickly remedied when we called it in. Again I recommend this room if your not looking for the fancy flare accommodations, you really shouldn't be unless you got great deals, cause to be honest if your hanging out in your room, you obviously aren't there to be in Vegas.Cheap rooms, no real special occasion other than to be in Vegas, semi close to the main scene, not staying locked up in your room, than this is the place to inquire.
1	what a dump. yes it's located on the strip, but not THAT great of a location. Also instead of a nice mint on my pillow when i got in, there was a handsome little bed bug waiting for it's dinner (my head.) Fabulous :-) The rooms smelled like old dust, the hallways were very long and haunting. The only reason why I give this hotel a star is because they fully refunded my money when I told them about the bed bug incident. If you want to risk it, pay the lower price and stay here. If you can bump up your fees to 100-150 a night, stay elsewhere.
3	I would give this place 5 stars for location and price alone. However, it is NOT a 5 star estabilishment, so it's getting bumped down to 3. We stayed in a "newer" flatscreen room on our most recent trip, but I've stayed in one of the older rooms on a past trip. The older rooms are just tragic when it comes to their decore. They are like a bad decorating nightmare. However, it's not much money to upgrade to a newer room and it's well worth it. One of the things that really impressed me on this trip was the service. I don't think I've ever called housekeeping, the bell desk, and the concierge more in a three day period than I did while staying at The Excalibur. The staff was always prompt and friendly with every question and request.There were a few odd things about our room, though. For one, a hanging lamp seemed to be located in a spot above the table in which my head found itself repeatedly, (dangerous...), and the outlet in the bathroom was in bad condition. It was hard to keep items plugged in.
1	I stayed here for free one weekend with some friends.  Lets just say even if it was free, I would not stay here again.  The place is just rundown I guess that's part of the whole medieval thing.  The rooms are horrible, It feels like you are staying at a trailer park and there just isn't much there at the hotel either.  Not a very good place to find a nice restaurant or for shopping.
2	Umm...this place looks a like Roundtable Pizza from the 80s.  Or maybe a bowling alley.  Maybe a dragon will come burn it down and it can be replaced by something less cheesy.  The wizard has definitely left the building.The weekend rates were super cheap. (Sign up for the mailing list before you book a room!)  Check-in was fast and painless.  The rooms were so-so. The old furniture is ready to be donated to the Salvation Army. The shower was clogged with hair.  The elevators took forever (when they worked).  The casino floor was a bit depressing and so were the people playing there.  It was still less ghetto than Imperial Palace or Circus Circus.On the positive side the staff is very nice and it is close to NYNY, MGM, Luxor, and MB.  So if you don't mind walking you can save a few bucks by staying here.
3	Bang for the buck value is pretty good for being on the strip. Cheap rooms and ancient decor. No fluff. It's a giant motel.
2	What can you say about Vegas hotels? They are there for three real reasons only: S, S, & S: Sleep, Shit, & Shower. Excaliber is an old hotel and you can tell when coming in. The ventalation is bad, not Reno bad though. I could smell smoke billowing through the hotel and rooms, at least in other hotels you feel the air ventalating with a hint of smoke.The room needed a steep upgrade. The air conditioner was a floor unit that used cool air to cool the room not COLD air. The decor was old and drab. The phone was the best in the room, it hummed or buzzed every 15 minutes, with a low escalating buzz/hum. The pool was only a plus, The pool was free with a DJ and there was a good amount of people there. I expected more from a Vegas hotel located on the strip.
4	Stayed at the Excalibur last weekend and loved it!  Not as posh as the other hotels down the Strip but also not as expensive.  Nice room, nice fitness center, nice staff, nice pool, nice pool bar with NICE drinks.  Good casino, good cheap breakfast at Sherwood Cafe.  Not many kids - yes!  Very convenient to the Strip and In & Out Burger.My only complaints:  the lame music they played over the loud speaker at the pool - generic hip-hoppy/dance music.
3	Rooms were clean and comfortable.  No flat screen.  Older furniture.  Casino was clean w friendly staff.  Not bad for price and location.
3	Location: located at one end of the strip, the Excalibur is convenient to area public transport. The central attractions of the strip are within walking distance, but only if you're really prepared to spend a lot of time walking. Room: the rooms in Tower II are recently renovated and come with a new flat screen tv, granite countertops, modern carpet and upholstery. I don't believe this is the case for Tower I, which still looks like it was furnished 25 years ago. Casino: one of the more smokey casinos in town. I usually go elsewhere to play so I can enjoy better ventilation since I don't smoke. Pool: there are 4 pools. The first and largest has never been open in the 3 times I've stayed here. It's beautiful, just never really available for guests. Also, the pools close at 6pm, but that's standard for Vegas. Otherwise I find them to be very nice with ample seating (although little shade until after 3:30). I spent quite a bit of time at the adult only pool in the back corner during my most recent stay. Spa: The spa is very nice and allows guests full use of the facilities (private pool and hot tub, steam showers etc) the entire day of their appointment starting at 6am. Shops: shops between the Excalibur and Luxor are standard resort quality and pricing. Restaurants: the themed restaurants within the property are 2-star. Think Hometown Buffet or Golden Corral. Good enough food, a bit over priced, but convenient. Shows: I've never seen any of the shows within the property as they seem a bit cheesy.Overall: Great place to stay if you are on a budget and want to be near the main attractions of Vegas without paying the price for staying in the resorts that actually hold those attractions.
3	In this case "You get what you pay for!" is appropriate for this place. A good place for families with children, but not such a hot place for younger couples. It can get noisy and annoyingly packed...
4	For one of the cheaper hotels it wasn't bad at all. The first room we got looked dated and had a view of a wall (tower 1). We got it exchanged and was moved to a MUCH nicer and more modern looking room (Tower 2) with a great view of the strip. The new room was also closer to the pool area and gym. The beds are comfortable, the bathroom was well stocked with towels (2 girls in one room), the TV was cool (not that you really need it in Vegas) and the staff was helpful. Overall I really like it here. Just make sure you get a room in Tower 2. Tower 1 looks very dated and tacky!
4	I like Excalibur.There, I said it.I'm sorry, but I do!  For the past 11 years, we've visited Vegas at least once a year and I'm pretty sure we've stayed here 6 or 7 times!  Yeah, it's cheesy.  Yeah, it's dated (I hear Tower 2 is better but we stayed in Tower 1).  Yeah, there are much nicer looking rooms at other hotels on The Strip.  But considering I'm only in the hotel room for only a few hours a day, I'm OK with all of this.  Besides, as someone who worked in the hotel industry for over 5 years, I know that just because a hotel is new and nice doesn't necessarily mean it's clean...lots of gross things can happen even in the nicest of hotels.  But I digress.For us, the rooms are always clean, the bed is crazy comfortable (seriously - best night's sleep I've had in awhile) and it's cheap!  I'd much rather stay here and save $40-$100 to spend elsewhere than stay somewhere else that's "nicer".  Also, there are a lot of good food choices near Excalibur.  Very important - we've stayed at other hotels before where they don't have the best choices and you have to venture pretty far away for a good meal.  When you're on a strict schedule, having good food close by is important.  I don't use the pool or the spa, so I don't have any opinions about those but I've heard good things.So, yeah, it's not perfect but it gets the job done.  And that's all I can ask for!
3	This is an older property- yes, dated. The best part is probably the food/shops area (Coldstone). When you take the elevator down to the Midway (my husband used to work here years ago), it feels like it's a dungeon- ugh. The ceilings are quite low (keep in mind, I am petite) and can make one feel claustrophobic. The restaurant on the casino floor, "Dick's Last Resort" is a big hit. I used to come to the lounge to see a group perform here- it was pretty small but the dance floor was alright. I think that my husband likes the casino/hotel better that I do. It's just ok.
3	I'd give this place 3.5 stars; I don't understand all of the complaints for this place! You really get what you pay for. I stayed here Saturday and Sunday night, and paid $100, not bad for a weekend trip! The location is on the further end of the strip, but the price was right. The staff was all very helpful and friendly, and our room was amazing. We didn't have much of a view, but I swear they have the best hotel beds I have ever slept on. My friend and I were just unpacking on the bed, and next thing you know, we're waking up from an hour long nap because we just got so comfortable. The room itself and the bathroom were both really clean as well. No complaints here!
3	Our stay at the Excalibur hotel started off a little shakey. We booked 2 View Rooms, each with 2 queen sized beds. When we arrived we were given 2 rooms with one king each in Tower 1. When we got to the rooms our "views" included a wall and the other room had a lovely view of some people waiting for an elevator. These rooms were fairly dated and looked worn and old.We went back downstairs and asked for the rooms we had paid for. Once we got up to our new rooms in Tower 2, we had a great view of the New York, New York hotel. These rooms seemed to be much newer and cleaner. Overall, I dont know that I would stay here again, but it was awesome being able to walk from our room to the convention center in the Mandalay Bay (we were there for a convention) without having to step out into the summer heat.
1	I've been interested in staying at the Excalibur, with their Medieval "feel", for years.  Although unplanned, I was excited recently to get a truckload going to Vegas and flew in the wife for a 2 day whirlwind occasion.  Priceline got us a $39.00 room which was amazing until Excalibur hit us with their $12.00 resort fee.  It wasn't the money as much as the trickery involved.  30% over an agreed upon and contracted price - after the fact - hello.  These fees are for the "extras" such as a swimming pool (that closes at 9pm), Internet and cell phone signals (which didn't work), and a telephone and tv in your own room.  Even roach motels have all that.  When I explained I didn't need incidentals, they insisted on putting a hold on my credit card "just in case".  "Just in case" means they earn interest on your money the following week before giving it back.  Their entrances are filled with persistent sales leaches who they encourage by providing them with the stations from which to badger you.  No knights or ladies with flowered halos to greet you (like in Hawaii).  While navigating this maze of blue blazered pests, you're asked by a slew of them if you would like to see a "free show" tonight, eat cheap and get a free nights stay..........only the shows aren't really free and they aren't tonight but you'll find that out 10 minutes into the scam.  If you pay $$$$ towards your NEXT VISIT......hey Excalibur, I didn't come here to revisit Timeshare tactics nor tell the same girl 5 times to get out my face.  If she's working your door then she needs to be parking my car or toting my bags.  I came here to be "Knighted" and left a "Jester".  Our first room had a view of a industrial rooftop air conditioners. Not below us but  directly outside our window.  After complaining, we received an older room on the 26th floor but on 3 separate occasions had to ride back down the elevator, waltz across the casino and wait in line in the lobby to get our magnetic room keys reset.  Unplanned 30 minute trips sucks at 3AM.  While watching a football game in the casino bar we noticed signs announcing a $2 special for a beer and dog.......its been my experience that Vegas casinos offer free drinks when you gamble but evidently the Excalibur wasn't told of this tradition so I found myself paying for 8oz drafts while feeding their bar slots.  At the very least, you would expect that the hotdogs would be quality......a brat?sausage? footlong?  WRONG.  How about small child's Oscar Meyer weenie in a cold bun......no mustard, chili, cheese, saurkraut, nada.......Truckstops have better.  My expectation were dashed so we chose to gamble elsewhere.  Thank God we didn't plan an entire week around it.  It reminded me of some of the seedier "turn and burn" bars on Bourbon St.  Of all the cool clubs my hometown of New Orleans has to offer, certain clubs have a policy of discourage locals in order to prey on unsuspecting and ignorant tourist. It's a grab policy steeped in "this will probably be their only visit here so let's rape 'em".   At least New Orleans has the Lucky Dog.  The Excalibur couldn't even get the hotdog right.......and to think I was expecting to gnaw on the meaty leg bone of some large mammal.
4	Every single time I see the Excalibur I feel like its a Disneyland ripoff.  Sorry, you know how Disney I am.  Believe it or not the main reason we visit the Excalibur when we are in Vegas is because they have a Krispy Kreme.  Since there is not much in the way of Krispy Kreme left where we live its nice to get our fix when we can.   (The Oxnard location is now a Chick-fil-A)The self parking is a little on the far side from the casino...but I guess what do you expect for free?   So while I am not the biggest fan of the design and will probably never stay here I will almost always come by when I am in town.   I guess that counts for something in Vegas.:0)
3	I stayed here to meet up with a high school friend and they have pretty much made all the arrangements.  Here's a list of what I observed:1. They have a buffet for 29.95 (adults) 19.95(kids)  that is good for the whole day.  Now that is pretty awesome if you like food like I do.  Their selection was pretty good.  The desserts were fantastic!2. The slot machines were a combination of old and new but neither gave any good payout.3. The carpet could use some cleaning.I have yet to see the dinner and show they offer.  The hotel had an old time look and feel to it.  Not really sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing.  Depends on what your thing is I guess hehehe...
3	This place seems to get kind of a bad rap, I really don't understand why. For the price you're paying and what you get its not so bad. We stayed here about 2 weeks ago, we payed just over 300 bucks to stay Friday to Tuesday which was the bast deal I found for a place on the strip. We stayed in tower 2, it was really quite nice, 2 beds, a flat screen tv, and a bathroom, we didn't spend much time in the room so it was perfect for what we needed. My only complaint was that i never got any cell phone signal in my room but i can also blame AT@T for that. The casino is kinda cheesy and I don't really like playing there, the pool was nice but the cabana we rented was kind of a let down, they advertised a platter of snacks and we got 2 fun size bag of lays BBQ potato chips LAME. I would stay here again if i was trying to do Vegas cheap, but i think I'm going to stay some where a little more classy next time.
1	Talk about deja vu. This place reminds me so much of the Nugget in Reno. It's old, has bad services and there's not a lot of games or slots in the casino. Definitely not going to stay here again. Two thumbs down.
4	I am a dork and when I was a kid I always wanted to stay at Excalibur because it was a giant castle. I just thought it was so cool. But my parents didn't want to stay there.So when my mother and I were driving through Vegas and I hit a small jackpot 5 minutes into our visit to Paris, I called Excalibur and booked a room on the spot. Much more expensive way to go about things, but I didn't care. No Motel 6 for us (see other review about Motel 6)I didn't have huge expectations. I wasn't a child anymore with stars in my eyes. I knew it would be a standard hotel room but in a building that looked like a castle.We checked in and were placed in a room in the "old" tower which basically means no view and a much longer trot to the pool. Our room was fine but the view was especially bad in this room. I'm not even sure why they bothered with windows because the only thing we could see was a brick wall and if we strained our necks really hard, we could see a little bit of sky. I wish I could remember which room it was because for someone who wants to sleep a lot while visiting Vegas, this room would be perfect as it not only doesn't allow any outside light to permeate the darkness, but it is clear at the end of the hallway. The bathroom was average, the beds were average and the size was average. Definitely not a palace. We ordered a Vegas appropriate movie (What Happens in Vegas) and ordered room service. The food was good, the movie was funny and despite the mediocre accommodations the night was well spent. We woke up rested and ready to get back on the road.On my second stay at Excalibur, I went with friends and there were 5 of us in a room. We upgraded to one of the widescreen rooms but the room itself isn't much better. It is about the same size and the amenities are the same. We essentially paid more for a slightly better location and a much better view. We were on the 5th floor facing the pool. Facing the pool is kind of nice after a night out because you can see the other people lounging around soaking in the sun and it motivates you to get out of bed - so you can go back to sleep by the pool.I discovered one "bad" thing about staying in Excalibur and that is that there is a Pizza Hut on the dining floor. I ate so many personal pan pizzas (pre-GF) that I was practically seeping pepperoni from my pores. Something I discovered on a more recent visit is that there is an all you can drink champagne tasting every day on the dining floor at the center bar/restaurant. Score!Dick's Last Resort is located on the gaming floor and is good for some wings and a few laughs. Our server was particularly inappropriate on our last visit which was great because in Vegas we like things to be more over the top. He actually made out with my friend after she demonstrated a sexual way to eat wings. Hilarious misconduct! I just wish she let me take pictures of it.The pool area is nothing fancy but the four varying pool styles make it great for everyone. The shallow wading pool is great for cooling off and fending off a hangover. The adults only pool is great because screaming kids won't interrupt your afternoon nap. The "kids" pool has a slide. The first pool as you enter the area is probably the worst in my opinion. It's just a big hole with 5 feet of water. Nothing special. At the Excalibur pool you can get as many pool towels as you like. I always grab two at least. They are very generous with their towels unlike many pools that limit each guest to one towel.The casino floor has several $5 blackjack tables in a slightly more upscale setting. You are more likely to have an affluent family man next to you instead of the boisterous, chain smoking retiree at the Tropicana's $5 tables. I don't have a preference for either set of tables, but there is definitely a different vibe.Excalibur is one of those mega resorts that tricks you into thinking it is small. You can easily get lost trying to find your favorite machine or even the correct exit. After a few days you should be able to stumble from one end to the other without fail.I will always go back to this hotel for gaming and the pool even if I am not actually staying there. Those two reasons alone are why this hotel gets 4 stars instead of 3. Visit here, don't stay here.
1	You get what you pay for I guess.  We got a cheap rate and along with that you get an average room.We have two young kids (9 and 5 years old) and we thought of staying here cause of the arcade and theme.  Good idea right?  But all smokey, older casino's are all the same.  Not very appealing.  The place has been around awhile and is pretty dated.  The kids liked the arcade area, but we didn't even hangout there for more than an hour. One thing that I didn't like was there was only one ice machine on each floor serving maybe more than 100 rooms, so the ice machine was always empty.  I had to travel different floors just to get 10 - 20 ice cubes.If you have kids, book a hotel at higher end hotel and take an afternoon to bring the kids to the arcade.  You'll have a much more enjoyable and comfortable stay in LV.
1	This hotel has terrible customer service.  We stayed in a wide screen room for a week for the IBM conference.  We complained twice about our rowdy neighbour.  Security did not do much so we ended up changing rooms.  When we requested late check out, we were told by the manager that they do not compensate for guest behaviour and it was going to cost us $25 to checkout late. The rooms were dated, the beds lumpy, and sheets were like paper towel.  I will never stay here again!
1	THE TALE OF THE DIRTY Q-TIPS AND OLD FRENCH FRIESSit down, little boys and girls and let me tell you a story.  Friday:  My friends and I got a suite here for a 30th b-day celebration. Friday evening, as we are coming back from our night out, we notice on the floor in the hallway near our room: a few used q-tips, and a few feet down... several french fries.  Now, on my list of top 10 grossest things to see in a hotel hallway, used q-tips would not be at the top, but they do make the list. EwwwwSaturday Afternoon: After sleeping way in, and telling the cleaning people to leave us alone, we walk out to get lunch. Guess what...the q-tips and french fries are still there. THE CLEANING PEOPLE HAD COME BY!!! Did they walk by the q-tips and french fries? Did they just say, oh we're cleaning the rooms now, not the hallway, so we will leave them? Did they not notice them? How do you not notice them?Sunday Morning: We leave to get breakfast.  The q-tips and french fries are still there!  Sunday Afternoon: We return to find our room clean. Again the cleaning people have been here.  But the q-tips and french fries are STILL IN THE HALLWAY!  Cleaning people walked by them at least twice...and left them in the hallway!!!I have no idea WHO leaves used q-tips in the hallway...how do they get out of the room? Who takes q-tips out of the room? But I was so grossed out by the fact that 2 full days past and cleaning people left them there... I will never stay here again!!  Gross!!
4	So I have stayed at the Excalibur about 5 times in the past year. Its located on the south side of the Las Vegas Strip on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Tropicana. Its surrounding hotels (safe walking distance)  MGM, Tropicana, New York New York, Luxor. Here is the thing about the Excalibur. Its an older hotel. Tower I has the older outdated rooms with no views. Tower II has the upgraded rooms with the flat screen TVs and the views.  Excalibur is reasonable in price for being on the strip. Its definitely not the best hotel on the strip but the price is worth staying on the strip and you save money in cab fares.  There is a tram that can take you from the Excalibur to the Luxor and to the Mandalay bay. Its free. Its also walking distance to the MGM where you can catch the MONORAIL which is a tram that you pay $5.00 each way and it goes from the south side of the strip starting at MGM up to the North side of the strip ending at the Sahara. There are plenty of stops in between for the hotels/casinos on the strip. The monorail is worth taking if you don't mind taking trams. My advice is to you is to go to any or all of the Vegas casinos and get a PLAYERS CLUB CARD or members card. They are free. You can put them in slot machines to earn points or give them to card dealers to earn points. In return they email you cheap hotel deals for the vegas strip casinos. It is worth it and it is free. That might also be another reason why I keep visiting Vegas! Also, on a quick note there is a restaurant in the Excalibur called DICKS. Be advised it is not a place for children or sensitive people. The staff is purposely rude and crude to people (hence the name Dicks). They hold back nothing and dish out a lot of vulgar trash talk so be warned. If you don't get offended easily you should definitely take advantage of the Dicks experience.
3	Solid 2 1/2, definitely between, "Meh. I've experienced better." and "A-OK"I came here with a friend who had never been to Vegas, she was visiting with her family and her parents got her a room and since I live so close I mooched a free night in Vegas! The room was clean, I didn't inspect it like some of the nutsos who come equipped with their black lights and white gloves but it didn't smell like feet and there were no noticeable stains anywhere. I think I spent all of 7 hours in the room, 5 of which were spent sleeping, 1 getting ready to leave, and 1 trying to get the motivation to drag my hungover butt out of bed. Room Decor was definitely dated but since I wasn't there to stare at the walls in the bedroom it was OK. Shower was clean, water pressure wasn't very good but it rinsed soap off so it did what is was there for. I had little to no interaction with the hotel staff, although we did take advantage of the free jello shot cards being handed out for Dicks Last Resort. The pool was OK, one was closed but we sat by one that was open and I tried to turn my pastey complexion a little bronzer (I failed).All in all it was an alright stay, I probably won't be staying here again because it is a little far from the action and not much going on inside the hotel itself, but if you need a cheap hotel on the strip to sleep in and party elsewhere this would be a good choice.
4	We stayed in Tower II and got upgraded to a LCD tv (big whooP!) but the decor was very cute and updated and I really liked it and expecting the worse for a cheap hotel in Vegas was quite pleased.... The line at midnight to check in really sucked but I found the staff on every level to be pleasant and friendly... however we did not go to Dick's haha... I would stay there again in a heartbeat... and we played the penney slots for a loooooong time too... will be back!
3	Its cheap, but its a step up from the Tropicana where I stayed in June. The Excalibur is cliche, but it doesn't try and hide it. The prices draw you here, its still on the strip, and the rooms are clean.I wish there was a damn coffee maker though...I can deal with no fridge, but no coffee! Its weird they replaced the classic wizard with the dick's tavern guy? I don't get it.
3	2.5 Stars It's older, the place needs some work, the rooms are OK.  But ... the price was amazing ($29 / night for standard 2 queen beds and older TV (tube)).  I did appreciate the coffee shop at the base of the elevators in Tower 1 (did not have to hike across the casino to get some java).  If I was here with my spouse, I might have upgraded or stayed somewhere else.  But don't need a widescreen TV for "casino cable" service (12 channels - 3 are Vegas ads).  Also centrally located in the southern strip, so you can get anywhere else by foot or tram.
1	Yes, it's cheap. It's also where Sir Galihad meets K Mart. Second only to Circus Circus.
3	well... the price is right for a room, and the casino is good...... BUT I would say not to try the buffet. it was not cheap and quite frankly, it sucked. Take the tram to mandalay bay (free) and for 3$ more, you can have a killer breakfast in a much better environment. The difference is staggering !! as far as the food. But the price is right to stay here.. just dont eat here
4	Stayed here in november and it was pretty good. Service was great. This hotel is affordable. New bed sheets, lots of towels even though my friend brings her own towel..so I guess more towel for me! I like gambling here come to think of it I like gambling anywhere I win.haha! Anyways the crowd is a mixed of young and old and sometimes children..don't worry they hide the children in the arcade..by spongebob down the stairs in the BASEMENT lol! Just kidding but it is down some stairs.
3	Let's say...you're on a budget, need a big room with two spacious beds, and love to roam the strip on foot: Excalibur is the best hotel for you. Price ($29 off season special to about $150 suites) is what set's Excalibur above the other nearby hotels. I have stayed here about 5 times before moving to Las Vegas and my overall feeling is MEH!!!It's not bad at all, the motif of an adult disney land is old...but awesome. Regular rooms come with two queen beds and a flat screen TV. Suites are moderate in size as compared to the Paris' Red Room and Planet Hollywood Suites. The furnishings and styles inside are EXTREMELY dated but for the price....acceptable.Entertainment options plentiful: Fantasy, Tournament of Kings, and that dude one (disclaimer: as a straight male, one shall not acknowledge the existence of said "banana fest" show). Also, Excalibur is at the bottom of the strip, perfect for early morning joggers, walkers, and excercise enthusiasts.I totally recommend this place to all my cash strapped friends visiting from Hawaii. The adage goes, "you get what you pay for."
1	Smelly, smelly, smelly. But if you are on a strict budget and want to enjoy Vegas this is probably the way to go. When we checked in our room we noticed the bed looked like it had been slept in.  Then the washroom was filthy. We called down to get a new room. When the bell boy arrived he was in a bad mood. We tried to explain why we bothered him and he shrugged his shoulders and said "I don't care, here are your keys."
3	It's definitely for the budget oriented folks visiting vegas. I got my room for $25 a night. The welcoming staff lady was awesome and informative. oh yea, stay away from the buffet.
1	Crap.  Crap.  Crap.Went here figuring out that rooms don't matter too much.  It was cheap.  I'll give it that.  But that's all it's got going for it.  Some random false alarm at 2 am doesn't help its case either.
4	My bf and I received an email for a special price for this place during Nov/Dec. for low as $22.00 = with tax it was $28. however when we ckd out thats whent hey tack on the "resort fees" ah... I knew there had to be a catch! dang it. But all in all still a great deal. Its on the corner of Trop & LV Blvd. right across from MGM Grand, NYNY and Tropicana. CANT beat the location. CASINO: I had an old friend come into town taht was staying @ the hooters hotel - so we got this room the first night they wer ein town. We had so much fun here mostly b/c of Casino wars. They fell in love w/ that game. Ive lived in LV for over a year and managed to still never play the tables, can you believe it? NEVER. well I finally played and the lady NAMED KAREN was the rudest table person I've ever encountered or met. OMG she was so freakin rude to me. but nice to the young white guy -not being racial but sexual. Poor lady I pity her. She yelled b/c I had my cell phone faced down, she yelled b/c I had my cell fone faced up. she yelled b/c I put it in my bra. (what do you want me to do with my dang phone lady? I dont have a purse to put it in.)  then she yelled at me b/c about a mm of my chip was not in the designated circle. Really? she yelled, " it needs to be put in the center of the circle or you cant play!" wow. we took her for another $50 each (my bf and I ) and cashed out . what a wickedly ugly person. I hope that hotel knows what kind of Monster Karen is - @ casino wars @ 10pm on 11/14/10. HOTEL: now for the hotel. It was a cheaper room sO i wasnt expecting much but they had no bathtubs in the hotel, only showers so it was that sliding door business. Yuck. I was reluctant to shower there since I live in town but I wanted to wash the smell of smoke off me before leaving.. and maybe I could make it out to my car without reaking again.Parking:  Its free but there is no connection from the parking garage to the hotel - this is strange b/c I'd never been to a casino that didnt have this connection with the exception of excalibur and the luxor. BEST part of this hotel is that it connects to Mandalay Bay and the Luxor without having to go outside at all, esp. when its cold/rainy outside. be sure to cross on the 2nd floor.
2	What a cheeseball of a place. If you want to go somewhere like this, you shouldn't be in Vegas - you should be in Orlando. I didn't know a place could be comparably depressing to Orlando!
3	To start, I would like to say that I love Vegas.  I am all about the casinos and nightclubs, and to me, a hotel room is just the place that you crash for the night.  That said, I have stayed at the Excalibur about 90% of the times I've gone to Vegas.  That is NOT because it is fabulous, but because it is decent and cheap.  The rooms are usually anywhere from $30-$60/night, and for Vegas, that is great!  And, let's be honest...spending less on a hotel room means that you have more money to spend on cab rides, drinks, and gambling.  And isn't that really the point of Vegas?Anyway, for someone who wants to really "do Vegas right," I wouldn't recommend the Excalibur (maybe the Wynn instead?).  But, for someone who just needs a place to crash between bouts of fun, the Excalibur is perfect.Plus, if you're a total hotel snob (and I am anywhere other than in Vegas), you can just pretend you're a prince or princess because the Excalibur is a castle!  Always makes me feel better!
1	When driving into the Excalibur, you might imagine you're going to be entering a Disney-style environment.  After all, the castle motif looks like the entrance to Fantasyland.  Once inside, you go from Disney to dismal.This hotel has been around for a while and is showing its age.  Upon checking in, I was informed we would be charged a $9.95 "resort fee"  that included a free newspaper, use of the fitness center, a reduced rate facial and massage as well as free internet usage.  To get the newspaper you had to walk down to their mini-store to retrieve it and show the coupon.  We all have internet use on our phones or Ipad so never needed their connection.  A facial--hardly!  The bottom line, we didn't use any of these and were still charged for them.  The elevator entrance reeked of a less than sanitary odor. Upon entering the room, we noticed the hall light didn't work, there was no soap, and we had trouble getting the lamps to work.  The furniture appeared to be left-overs from the Clinton years, the beds were too soft, and the room cramped. Also, no coffeemaker or microwave.The cleaning people did the minimal.  One day they didn't even come to touch up the room.  At 12 am, we had to call housekeeping just to get some clean towels and additional soaps and shampoo.Took my daughter down to the arcade.  Hardly high-tech fun.  She blew $20.00 on a couple of games, turned in her tickets for some 99 Cent Store-type prizes and pledged never to come back again.Based upon our experience, Excalibur is hardly of high caliber.
1	Okay we got a deal on this place for like 39 dollars.IF I COULD GIVE THIS PLACE A ZERO I WOULD.This place sucks and the rooms stink. The after hours food is on the 2nd floor and one place! AVOID AT ALL COSTS NO MATTER THE PRICE.
1	This review is for the buffet. It was total crap.Unfortunately the kid sticking his fingers in the dessert didn't help my opinion of this place.This is one of the cheapest buffets on the strip. So if you've had enough to drink you probably won't mind it.I got a kick out of the Chinese people eating the Chinese food at the buffet because even this white girl can tell that was some really bad white people Chinese food. I started wondering if they weren't eating it just to see what white people thought Chinese food was.avoid at all costs unless you are drunk.
5	This review is for the experience I had purchasing tickets for a show at the hotel. I did not stay in the hotel and have no idea how the rooms are or anything like that.Here goes: we bought tickets here for Thunder from Down Under and Tournament of Kings. They have a package deal where you can get two shows of your choice for $75 a person which is a pretty good bargain. Our Thunder tickets were for Sunday night and our Tournament of Kings ones were for Monday night. We worked it out perfectly that we would go from the Lion King show we had tickets for at 4pm to Thunder which was scheduled at 9.As I mentioned in my Mandalay Bay and Lion King reviews, we found out that the 4pm show had been cancelled and we weren't informed. Panic ensued. When we bought our tickets for the Excalibur shows we were told there were no exchanges or returns, so we had figured that we just wouldn't see the Lion King, which was a total bummer.We went back to Salena at Excalibur and explained to her our issue. She was very accommodating and switched our tickets for us. We were relieved and thankful. Salena was professional and made us, the customers, really happy and I'm so thankful that she was able to help us. She really saved our trip.Thanks Salena!
2	Another review from someone that hasn't been impressed. I'm currently sitting in my room at the Excalibur (which actually has great strip views, I must admit), typing this review from my "free", yet wired, high speed internet access that I paid $9.95 a day for (note, the rate has been raised to $12.95 for all new check-ins, we just happened to reserve when the rate was lower back in October). If I'm going to be paying for it, I might as well use it, right?Staying here out of a need to save money, rather than a desire, I wasn't really expecting much from the hotel overall, and my expectations have been met head-on. The room is of a fine size, and I believe we have one of the "recently remodeled" options as the furniture seems new, or at least well taken care of. However, our King size bed is really hard, and I find it hard to sleep all the way through the night without readjusting because my back hurts.The water pressure is lackluster at best, and the electrical outlet on my bed-side table (built into the bottom of the table lamp) doesn't function.If you've never been to Vegas, and especially the Excalibur (I've at least walked through a few of the major casinos at this point), be prepared to be hounded endlessly (again, moreso here than anywhere else I've been) by the hotel staff who will try to sell you show tickets, or try to get you to listen to presentations about time-shares (read: scams) that they will sucker you into. You have to be 25 to participate - either ignore them entirely, or, if you get stuck, tell them you're underage or are leaving that day. You can't very well go to a show if they think you're about to hop on a plane.All in all, you get what you pay for and this is no exception. Know what you're going into before you get here, and you can save yourself a lot of frustration. This isn't a 5-star hotel, but if you're looking to save money, at least the hotel functions well-enough for that end.
2	Ended up staying here as my original vacation date changed due to work.  Well, you get what you pay for.  While the hotel really wasn't for me, I suppose if your trying to do Vegas on the cheap, this is a great option.  Just expect hard beds, outdated decor and slim options for dining.  The casino is large though.  The good - I had a great view of the strip on one of the higher floors. Good drinks on the casino floor. Everything is in walking distance. The 'not so good' - No (decent) shopping in the hotel, (the aforementioned regarding the beds, decor and dining) and no elevator/floor security.Excalibur needs a LOT of updating in order to compare to the true 'resort style' hotels in Vegas or it may not be around to much longer.
3	You pay for what you get. This is what my group of friends and I had to accept.Yes, possibly one of the affordable hotels on the strip. The exterior of the Excalibur reminds me of how I am entering some really cheesy-looking castle and once inside, there are some good things and some not-so-good-still-worth-mentioning things.The Goods:- Affordable. If you're on a budget, it's possibly worth it. Just don't expect superb services- Somewhat convenient. Loved the fact that I can take the tram from the Excalibur to Mandalay Bay (the "last" hotel on The Strip) or walk on the bridge to New York New York without having to walk on the street- The employees were nice although I found it a bit strange seeing a supposely middle-age woman dressed in skimpy clothes. Then again, it's Vegas.The Not-So-Goods:-The elevator smells like weed.-The Hallways smells funky. Reminds me of cocoa butter lotion- Since we ended up in Tower I on the 3rd floor, there was no reason to open the window shade since the castle's wall completely blocked our view of anything. Instead, we would either be staring at the wall or stretching our necks high to see the sky.-Cracks on the wall, smoke alarms looks like it was about to fall and crush one of our heads, previous occupant clothing label stickers on the wall, dirty-looking sink, toilet not doing its job properly since my friends and I kept thinking someone went #2. Thanks to the toilet, we had to hold any #2s until we got to the casino floors to use their toiletsYup. Somehow we managed to survive this all...
4	Before booking my stay here, I was kinda nervous from reading all the negative reviews on here. But I took the chance, hey were talkin bout Vegas, isn't it all bout gambling?If you book through the link on their facebook you get a better discount. I booked a widescreen view room, which is in tower 2 and the rooms are newly remodeled.I really liked my room, All the furniture and everything was new and up to date, flat screen tv too and a nice strip view. It says the room comes with a ipod dock also, but it really wasnt any ipod dock, it was a cheap alarm clock radio with a auxilary cable for you to plug your ipod into.The casino has a generous ammount of slot machines/ video poker, and there are only a few table games.Theres also a food court here, a dicks last resort, and other eateries, but I did not eat at the hotel at all.Theres a walkway that will connect you to Luxor and Mandalay Bay.I really enjoyed my stay here and will stay here again next time. Beware though, parking is a real pain in the ass at all hours of the day and night.Oh yeah to everyone thats bitching about the resort fee. You know damn well you were gonna get that  charge. If you dont like it, simply book a hotel that doesnt charge a resort fee.
2	5 years ago I stayed in this hotel for my very first Vegas trip and didnt think too much of it. Fast forward 5 years and it is still the dump that I remember it to be!I decided to stay here for New Years weekend cause me and my buddies didn't want to pay an arm and a leg just for hotel. So we managed to scope out a deal for $100/person for a Thurs-Mon stay. The price couldn't be beat since New Years is one of the biggest weekends of the year.Besides the low price, there's nothing really special about the hotel. It feels old, has an odd stench, and half the rooms aren't remodeled. My room had an old tube tv in which only half the channels had sound. Cmon now, its 2011, please upgrade your TVs!They charge a resort fee of $9.95 + tax i believe for newspaper and internet? I'm not sure since I didn't use anything associated w/ the fee. Just another way for the hotels to take your dollars away. It is what you pay for, if you don't care about the hotel itself and just need a room, Excalibur will do the trick. Just don't expect anything else.
2	This casino is my least favorite casino; however I have attended the show the Tournement of Kings and enjoyed the food and the entertainment. The waitstaff however were completely overwhelmed with people and performed poorly to refill drink beverages and tended to the VIP guests whom received salads and fancy desserts. The outside of the casino is dingy looking and when I arrived in the casino it smelled like old dirty shoes. I had to have my sanitizer ready because I was afraid to touch anything.
2	To put it bluntly, I wasn't expecting much so it could have been a lot worse but  I was still left with a strong desire to never, ever stay here again as long as I can help it. Yes, it is one of the cheaper hotels on the strip and you could certainly do a lot worse, but I had no idea that this place had gone downhill this bad. Most of the character has been stripped out of the decor and theme, so all you're left with is a dirty feeling everytime you walk into the place. I know this place is now 21 years old so it's seen better days, but other Vegas hotels are as old or older and still look fairly new. MGM either needs to step-up the renovations or demolish and start-over.In the casino, the smoke is awful and the deodorizer they use to try to minimize it just makes things worse. Better ventilation is definitely needed in this place. The hotel room was decent enough, we were "upgraded" to a Widescreen Room in Tower II which is apparently "recently renovated." Some of the decor looked fairly old, but the room was clean enough for the most part I guess. Wired High-speed internet (which is part of their now mandatory $12.50/night resort fee) worked well, although I would have preferred some sort of Wi-Fi. Best part of staying at the Excalibur is that you can look out the window and see all of the much better hotels you could be staying at, what a treat! Next time we'll book something on the north end of the strip, which is much closer to where the action is. Avoid Excalibur if you can help it, as I'm sure you could find something better and not necessarily break the bank.
3	Well it's not the nicest resort I've stayed at in Vegas. But the room was clean, the bathroom was really big, and it was one of cheapest deals I could find on the Strip. For the price, you can't beat the location. If you're like me and you just need a place to sleep because you're spending most of your time out on the town, and you still want to be on the Strip, Excalibur is the way to go.
3	For a cheap, budget hotel on the strip, you cant beat it. Not classy, not super clean, but you know what? It works if your plan is to not stay in the room much. Its on the strip, tram to luxor and mandalay bay, and walking distance to most of the major hotels.
3	We reserved online our rooms online at vegas. com, mostly because the price was fantastic. When we arrived, the check in was reasonably quick, and our room was clean and comfortable. A little dated, but not bad really. For its' price, location, and convenience Excalibur is just fine. I don't think it deserves the low ratings it gets.
2	My stay had some terrible disasters, despite upgrading to one of their highest level of rooms (broken toilet, flooding shower, then a new room with noisey turbines outside the window and a TV that I had to rewire myself), but at least there were no bed bugs.  They did refund some of my payment, which is why they earned 2 stars.  I won't be going back though.  The air was also pretty bad inside...other casinos had much better air quality.
1	Unless you have kids, no. Just do yourself a huge favor and don't stay here. And don't bother even gambling here because the bullshit you have to put up with from the other "guests" really isn't worth it. The last time I was in Vegas, I was staying at the Tropicana across the street and it was late night so I walked across the street to Excaliber and decided on getting McDonald's (nothing was open). There was quite a line and at the end of the line were about 4 "young ladies". I asked them if they were in line, just to be nice you know, so I didn't just cut in front of them. They all gave me this nasty-ass look and the super bitch of the group says to me "We're holding bags, does it look like we're in fucking line?!". Yeah. Luckily I reminded myself that these girls were not worth my time and energy and said some smart ass remark and got in line. I know this is not Excaliber's fault per se, but I choose not to go places where I have to deal with nonsense such as that.
1	First time in Vegas, wanting something cheap and clean, upon check in the person checking us in confirmed that we wanted a "non-smoking room". We didn't end up getting into our room until 7am and upon arrival the stench of cigarette smoke welcomed us, the bathroom door wouldn't lock, the button on the television to turn it on was broken and the water in the shower would not drain. I understand that it was cheap and old but it was absolutely disgusting. Upon checkout I mentioned the above to the receptionist, she had only this to reply, "some of the rooms don't even have comforters" with a tone like, "it could've been worse......piece of crap! they need to tear this hotel down because not only is it an eyesore, it's time has come and gone
3	Elavators are slow. Valet is unorganized.  Not the best hotel I've stayed in on the strip. It served it's purpose for a nice 3 day trip. Just want to get away and do not need all the bells and whistles of a 5* hotel this is a good choice.
3	I dont understand why the ratings are so low here... Unless your staying at MGM or the Palms I think you really have to understand how the rooms are in vegas. The room I stayed in was an older room which was fine with me, how long are you actually in your room in vegas anyways?? The bed was THE MOST COMFORTABLE BED! The room was really dark (which was fine with me because I could sleep in just fine!) Yes, there were a lot of parying going on when we stayed and I dont think theres much of a noise curfew but what do you expect?. Theyre is a little bouncer guy sitting at the elevators to make sure you actually stay there which is good, unless you dont carry a key or have limited ones! The casino was okay, didnt really gambel there much. I walked over to MGM (they have a walkway that connects the two) They do have quite a bit of places to eat there which is good if you have the munchies but most close at night.My father in law owns a time share at the polo towers so I usually stay there but... If I couldnt, Id think about staying here again for sure. You deff save money!
4	didn't stay here but we gambled because they have penny video poker! Love it
2	It is old but for the price it's a good location. However I will never stay there or the Luxor (same company)  because of the time share people. They will chase you down every single time you walk through the lobby!  They have 2 people at every entrance!  Very annoying!
3	It's Excalibur don't expect much and you won't be disappointed. The pools are pretty awesome though.Have fun!
1	I didn't even stay here. I just walked through it and got the worst case of the creeps I have ever experienced. 3 words. Drunken. Old. Gamblers. Not pretty. Actually it is extremely depressing. Remind me to never walk through there again! Couldn't WAIT to get back to my hotel after this! (p.s. stay at the four seasons)
4	No, the Excalibur is not a fabulous luxury property. But if you want an inexpensive room with all the conveniences of staying on the Strip, it's a good place to stay. I've gotten rooms here a few times when I've been partying at the nearby properties and did not want to drive home. I come here when I want a cheap and easy place to sleep and not much more. Check ahead for cheap deals; when I've stayed I usually got some pretty nice perks like restaurant credits and such. No, this is not the kind of hotel where you'll want to chill in your room for long periods of time. It is; however, the kind of place that works really nicely when you just need a place to sleep and store your items. It is a rather old hotel so just don't expect more than the bare minimum for your room.
3	Tower 1 was HORRIBLE! but our stay wasn't too bad because we ended up getting upgraded to tower 2 for free, so it worked out. the newer rooms were nice, the pool was awesome, and of course... hot tub! :) it wasnt the worse place but it wasnt the best... would i stay here again? meh... why not? for the price... cant beat it. (as long as i stay in tower 2)
4	I didn't stay here, so this review is for the general areas.What I love about Excalibur:* Cute exterior. It's a castle for gawd sake. Who doesn't love castles?* The opportunity to take a picture with two overly tanned, handsome, hot guys right when you walked into the casino. Yes, it's overpriced, $26 for one picture or 2 for $40. Still, it was fun and you can keep it as a Vegas souvenir.* The cheapest Oxygen bar I found is in Excalibur. $15 for 15 minutes is a steal compared to other hotels where they are charging $22 per 15 minutes.What I don't love about The Excalibur:* Only one gift shop* Other activities besides gambling and oxygen bar are pretty much not available for adults. They have spongebob activity for kiddos tho.
2	Stayed here during my first time in Vegas. Got a pretty good deal online. The room we got was part of the newly renovated section of the hotel. It was in Tower 2 facing New York New York and had a gorgeous view of the strip. It was spacious including the bathroom (no tub) and there was easy access to the elevator and the side of the parking lot where we parked. Going in and out was no problem. I just didn't like the overall ambience. It was very dark and gloomy (my pet peeves) and you immediately smell carpet cleaning solution as soon as you walk in. Plus, there are people by the entrance selling time-shares and they are targeting couples. Don't be fooled! My boyfriend and I were very annoyed by them. We learned not to walk in holding hands. The whole medieval theme seems to be half-a**ed. Now that I am more familiar with Vegas, I think I will try another hotel next time...
2	Another casino that hasn't aged well, this is not one of my favorite places in Vegas.  I only come here when friends force me to meet them here when they visit.  The most recent visit reminded me why I don't like this place:- It feels dirty.  I'm not going to say it's a dirty place, but it feels like it.....you know how a place looks/feels when it hasn't been taken care of well?- The customers.  Many of the customers were rude and had a lot of attitude....this isn't the streets.The only thing I enjoy about the Excalibur is the Tournament of Kings Dinner/Show.  It's a little entertaining and the food is OK.....it's the only thing that kept me from giving the Excalibur 1 Star.Return Factor - 17%
2	Meh is the best way to put it. My review is based on the general areas like the casino and eateries. The place is nothing special. It looks cool from the outside, who doesn't like big castles? The gaming floor is pretty big but it's just like every other Strip hotel. Nothing crazy that makes me want to stick around.The people there are not very friendly so that knocks off a star. I don't think I'll return.
4	Haha I love Betty N's review! Honestly, I can't say that I have ever had a bad time in the Excalibur probably because I took it for what it was going to be which wasn't the best on the strip and I have always consistently had a blast here.I MUST plug Dick's Last Resort in the Excalibur because it is probably the most crazy fun I've had in a restaurant in Vegas. I think a few times I was doused with beer and dragged out on a chair with toilet paper in my face. Don't ask.Regardless, yes this hotel smells like smoke on the first floor(s), but in the towers which is where you must stay at least in one of the upgraded rooms, the 42" LCD is a nice touch, the beds are not bad, the carpet is in dire need of a revamp and the shower clogs. But it's $22 a night. Can ya beat that on the strip with a 42" LCD?I just think the Excalibur keeps the child in me alive, sort of, and they have $5 minimums on black jack, a fun wanna-be circus circus downstairs and the rooms really aren't that bad! (yes the elevators didn't want to make me want to cry). I highly recommend it if you come with a group of people and want to crash for extremely cheap because this means you won't have to sleep next to a smelly person you can get your own room! Wooo Vegas!
2	it's not quite what i'm used to when i'm in vegas, but we were on a budget vegas trip (coupled with 175 bucks in airfare roundtrip for two!), so the excalibur fit the bill. the first floor stinks and the elevators are slow, but what can you expect for one of the cheaper hotels on the strip? it's better than staying off the strip but sometimes, it's just worth it to plop down some cash to stay somewhere nicer.
1	What in the HELL?!?!? literally we were in hell!Came here this past weekend with a bunch of coworkers to get away from LA and work. There were 8 of us so we got 2 rooms with 2 beds. We chose the smoking rooms since we were lazy and did not want to bother going to the casino to smoke.Damn! we all got stuffed in the 1st floor of the  casino so pretty much pointless in getting the smoking room. I know smoking rooms are at the bottom of the hotels but at least put us in the 2nd floor! 1st floor has shitty signals for our phones..we were pretty much isolated from the world! The room felt like a motel rather than a hotel. Actually I've stayed at better motels compare to this place. There was no ice machine on our side of the hall so, we had to walk across to the other side to get our ice. There was NO i repeat NO coffee maker in the room!! I thought that was pretty standard when staying in a hotel or motel. Although our bathroom was pretty roomy for 4 girls, we had a walk in shower! SMH! Overall disappointed in staying at this hotel. Xing Excalibur in my choices of hotel to stay in vegas. BUT maybe i'll come back to check out Thunder from Down Under! lol
3	So on the Thursday before I left for Vegas my BF calls and says, "Hey lets go to Vegas for the weekend, I will book it all now. Some friends of mine are on their way now"...me: "Ok lets go!" Less then 24 hours later we are on our way to Vegas! We decided to stay at the Excalibur because that is where his friends already had a room. Although it is not the type of place I would have picked, it had some great positive points:- BIG rooms. I was in Tower 1, which I thought I wouldnt like based on reviews and it was perfectly fine. We were on the 23rd floor and had two doubles, which was the only thing available, but perfect because we just threw our stuff on the other bed. - Did NOT smell like smoke in our room, MAJOR PLUS. - Cheap. - The Spa and Fitness center is A++. Yes, we did go to the gym for a few hours like freaks, but the gym and spa is the NICEST part about this place. We each had massages and sat in the sauna and whirlpool (unfortunately for us the male and female spas are separate). We left totally relaxed and ready to party after that.- Room service. Do it. Their "food court" selection sucks and its gross seeing all the other guests scarfing down ColdStone and Wetzel Pretzel. We did not even want to bother with the Buffet. We spent $100 on a HUGE breakfast and didnt have to move or change from our beds...SCORE. - Location. Easy to get to all the other hotels and casinos where you actually want to hang out. So overall, would I stay here again? Yes, because for the rate and the accessibility it is great. Would I hang out there while staying there? No. But thats ok, Bellagio is just down the street.
3	Smokey and old, but very nostalgic. I have to say I prefer some of the other hotels on the strip.
2	I stayed at the Excalibur the last time I was in Vegas because I was meeting friends and this is where they chose to stay. Ugh. I do not know what is wrong with them. This hotel/casino is not cool. It was very expensive (160$ a night... what?) and the first room we went into smelled like someone poured water all over the floor and let mold grow for a few weeks. After over an hour, they gave us another room which was fine, but still overpriced. The casino is in a bad location, so far from the central strip. Who wants to go to New york New york? cuz that's about the only place that is close to this hotel, oh and the MGM. All of the food in this casino is bad. Overall, I was not happy that we had to stay at this hotel. Never again.
4	Everytime I come here I get the Viking horns!!
2	Let's be honest...No one was expecting 4 stars here.The Excalibur is exactly what I suspected - an aged hotel, that would have been awesome if it were 1980-something, like when it premiered.While the room was mostly clean and the casino was overly smokey. I did enjoy the $1 Jello Shots you could get at almost any bar in the hotel, as well as the random wax stain on the carpet of our room the spured multiple and imaginative drunken conversations of how, who and when it happened.Would I stay again? No...for $50 more you could stay at the MGM which is leaps and bounds better, AND if you wanna do some old timey Vegas action stay at the aging Tropicana or Flamingo and do it right.
2	You know the saying, "you get what you paid for" - Well this hotel is the definite meaning of that.  I'll admit the price was cheap but the quality of the hotel definitely matched the price.  When we arrived and checked in, we had a reservation for a king size bed and they told us that they don't have anymore king size beds available and would we consider a double queen size bed room which ended up being a queen/full size bed - smallest queen size I ever slept on - I mean c'mon! What was the point of calling it a reservation when it wasn't even reserved for us in the beginning.  Well we eventually got our king size bed the next day, but still it was bad business.  We also noticed the type of people that stayed at these hotels were super ghetto! It was like Compton, East LA, with Rednecks sprinkled around the place all in one...kinda felt like prison :\Over all I will not be staying here again unless some serious re-modeling has been done to make this place appealing to the eye.
2	Just got back from Las Vegas and a stay at this place.  Our room was in tower one so that is what I am going to rate.  Basically this was a MOTEL 6.  The room had a old smell to it.  The bathroom was a disaster.  The shower head was old and needed to be replaced.  I hope the renovated rooms are better.  If you go, ask for a recently renovated room if there is one.  The carpet is the old green hotel carpet and it was in need of cleaning.  I will not be staying at this hotel in the future.
3	If you have the option for the same price you can probably stay at the Tropicana (3.5* through Priceline)  Otherwise the Excalibur is a pretty standard 3* Hotel.  For anyone that uses Priceline be VERY CAREFUL bidding in this area as Hooters is also in the same class and you definitely would be better off at the Excalibur or anywhere else besides Hooters but guess which hotel Priceline will fill first???And even if you can get a good price be prepared for a $12 per day resort fee.........which for this property is WAY overpriced.The buffet is also overpriced and is slightly better than the offerings at a Country Buffet/Golden Corral. Overall, the Excalibur is in a good location and the rooms are relatively well priced.
3	I stayed here recently for about the 10th time.  It's gotten better over the years, doing a little updating, and making the rooms a little nicer.  I can say it's not great but it's not that bad either.  I'd stay there again if I had to.  But there's not much to be said about the place it's really just a place to stay that's actually really close to NYNY, MGM, Luxor and Mandalay bay that you can access with the sidewalks outside.
2	I stayed here for an entire week for business in July 2010.  I had no other choice, I was told to stay here.  It wasn't my first choice, nor my second, nor my third (you get the idea).  Excalibur didn't disappoint my low expectations.  The casino seems dark, smokey, and old.  The general crowd looks sketchy and trashy, it must have been a used care salesman convention going on.  The food options were terrible, with the exception of a Baja Fresh, but who goes to Vegas to eat at Baja Fresh?  I upgraded my room, which brought me on par with a Super 8 and no bathtub.  Th pool area was okay, nothing special.  The two small slight positives (hint the second star rating), was its great location on the Strip and the price.  My recommendation...save some extra bling or shorten your trip by a day or two and stay somewhere else...anywhere.
2	Really the only good thing was the view, because I did an upgrade. Other than that, parking there is horrible, the hallways and elevator smell like musk and crap, which were also lined with the same used drinks for the 2 days we were there. Instead of looking for my room number, I looked for the half empty vodka cranberry in front of it. Oh, and the old dirty sheets (with blood) were just laying in the room from the maids when we first arrived. Never Again!!!
4	Screw the haters. This place is perfectly fine. If you're coming to Vegas to gamble hard core (as you should be), Excalibur is a great place to stay. It's fairly easy to get to everything on the strip, the rooms are clean and comfy enough, and the price is usually right. If you're staying elsewhere and are stopping by just for the casino, I think this place is great for rookie gamblers. The dealers are probably the nicest on the strip, and I more often win than I lose (but that may just be me).
4	lots of changes since my last stay.  even more since my first 15 years ago.  i remember like it was yesterday.  fighting with my brother after he kicks my ass at virtua fighter.  collecting those hooker cards and trying to win as many crappy stuffed animals as we could.  but i digress......    checked in and was surprised by the updated rooms.  nice flat screens, beds were super comfy and the shower was actually functioning.  pool area completely remodeled as well.  and best part rooms were only 35 bux.  now this isnt my first or even second choice when i come to vegas but for that price come on........  calibur!!!!!!!!!!
3	I was always a little leery of staying at the Excalibur, since from the outside it seems like it might be filled with families with children. I was also suspicious because it's so cheap at certain times of the year. But...not a bad place at all! Older rooms and older decor, but a decent place to sleep, shower and rest while in Vegas. Both times I've stayed, they've upgraded my room (not a huge upgrade, mind you, but an upgrade nonetheless). I can't speak much for the restaurants, shows, or any other entertainment at the hotel, but I do know that there is a plethora of friendly, good-humored dealers waiting to help take your money, and waitresses who always keep 'em comin'.
2	It was way overpriced and perhaps it was due to the spring break season. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The air quality in the rooms could be improved. For some reason it always felt muggy in the room even with the air on. The bathrooms are large and spacious which is great especially when sharing with other ladies. I loved that we could access the Luxor via the indoor walkway. The late night hours of Krispy Kreme were also greatly appreciated. In terms of food options, donuts were the only thing I tried. Most of their options include fast food options and more family friendly places. The Champagne Brunch Buffet was decent for the price but we waited an extremely long time to get seated. After a long night on the town I wanted to rest and recover but as soon as I laid down all I could hear was the club music booming from outside. The hallways and windows are not fully sound proof. I'm not eager to return to this hotel.
3	Well it is what it is, it obviously is not new and it is old compared to the other strip places. But there are cheap food places inside and I surprised that the pool was decent. The TV reception in rooms was really bad and no HD in the sportsbook is weak.Not a place a place to poop if you have too 2 star bathrooms.
2	It was not like I remembered, this used to be such a nice place to go. Not that it's totally bad but I was shocked to find the glass entry doors covered covered with crap, trash all over the place and customer service in some of the food service areas non-existent. The rooms were nice and quite comfortable. I think I will stay elsewhere next time I am there.
3	It was ok. The check in process took too long. The hotel was giving us the wrong room. I had to stand my ground, politely, until we got the room we had reserved and paid for. The room was nice and clean. Very comfy feather top bed. One thing, the room is never complete dark due to the drapes not going complete over the shade. So, we woke up earlier than we wanted to. Meaning, waking up after only 3 hours of sleep. By the way...no bath tubs! "It's in the small print". The hotel was built without bathtubs. I found this incredibly funny, after my annoyance wore off. No smoking room smelled good.  Another thing - pizza flyers all over the hallways.  Looked messy.  Nobody cleaned them up.
2	Yes it's cheap but that's because it sucks. I've only been to Vegas twice and one time I made the mistake of going cheap and staying here. From the outside the hotel looks like King Arthur and Andy Warhol had a baby and fed that baby Gerber shrooms. Its a super colorful and ugly castle. If you're five you might think it looks cool, but Vegas was not meant for five year olds.The inside isn't much better. The decor isn't very nice and the place is in drastic need of some cleaning. I took a souvenir home with me, a piece of the railing (the end decorative piece) had fallen off and I picked it up, couldn't find anyone to give it to and put it in my jacket pocket to find someone later. I forgot about until I opened up my suitcase when I got home. I feel like pieces of the railing shouldn't be falling off...The casino is not great. You should probably head to another casino if you want to do some gambling. The arcade is awful. I went there with my gf at the time to kill time the day we were leaving (I was 21 but she was only 20 at the time so we couldn't do too much). It was basically falling apart and most of the games were awful. I won her a stuffed dog at the water shooting horse race game. The dog had a hole in it and was missing whiskers. When I asked for another one the lady gave me attitude but finally handed it over. Thankfully this one was in better shape.The rooms are pretty standard. Nothing special. Two nights in a row a fire alarm went off waking us up and kind of freaking us out. After the first one I just thought whatever. When it happened again the next night I was pretty annoyed and called the front desk the next morning. They told me they'd comp me a night. When I got my credit card statement I found out they didn't. That sucked. Of course if you're in Vegas you won't be spending too much time in the room, so if all you want is a place to put your bags then this is a pretty good option. But it's also pretty far off the center of the strip so it can be a trek to get most places.
4	Just spent two nights here last week and had no issues whatsoever. Gonna keep this one short:Pros:- Great rate! $90 for a 4 person room during Spring Break. Pretty much the best deal on the strip after shitty old Imperial Palace- Very spacious rooms. Good amount of floor space to lay everything out, huge bathroom and showers. Our room came with a 42" TV, which we didn't use too much but it was nice to have. The beds are pretty typical, but who really cares when you're passed out from a long night of partying?Cons:- The room was a bit outdated. I understand that they're upgrading their rooms, so I guess most rooms will eventually look a lot newer. Not an inconvenience, just something that could be improved.- No free-wifi in the rooms. Not sure if any hotel in Vegas has free wi-fi, but it would've been nice.Overall, a pretty good experience. We weren't looking for anything too fancy and wanted to keep the price low. We got what we paid for and left happy. Thanks Excalibur!
1	Although the rates are good, I just spent three nights there.  Bottom line - you have a lot of other choices - choose somewhere else to stay.  The people are nice but the bed was like sleeping on a hardwood floor, (and no you don't spend much time in the hotel sleeping in Vegas when you get such bad sleep, it's hard to get up and stay up when you have a sore back), carpets were old and the room was not clean.  None of the express check out machines worked and there was an inch of dust on them (take them away if you aren't going to fix them).  Spend a little more and get a decent room somewhere else!
3	I was pleasantly surprised by Excalibur. We got the wide screen room. The tv was pretty big and the view was great. We could see the NY NY the MGM and a few other smaller attractions from the window. The room was clean, the bed was alright. The issues I had were with the elevator and staff. The elevator was by far the scariest I have ever been in. I heard other guests say "that didn't sound good" at least 5 times during my stay. Also, the staff was constantly hounding us to take part in their specials or pre-book our next trip. So, for the money it was great. Good location, good room. Somewhat sketchy crowd but what did u expect?
4	one of my fave hotels in vegas. sometimes the cheaper rooms can be kinda crappy but the newer ones are nicer. we had a great experience with customer service. someone butted in front of us in line- blatantly like on our way to the counter. it was pretty rude and i was def irritated after an almost 7 hour drive. anyways, the lady at the front desk was si kind she gave us a free upgrade! the room was nice but didnt have a fridge. which kind of was upsetting since i like to always bring my own beverages- but whatever. i love the casino here and the bars. its a big space and seems ventialted well with all the smoke etc in vegas. i stay here a lot and will keep staying here. the pool is awesome too! probably my favorite.
4	Rooms are clean. Small, but clean. Casinos are huge and smokey. Nothing special compared to the others. Except- the fitness room is included with your room rates. I love it! Most of the other places charge $10 or $30 per day. It's pretty far from the good part of the strip though. But nothing wrong with a little exercise!
2	I was in Las Vegas for a conference last week and they had a block of rooms at the Excalibur for $69. Pretty cheap. I stayed Sun and Monday night... probably 2 of the slowest days in Las Vegas. Everything seems to smell like smoke. Lines to check in AND check out were long. The rooms are "ok", but the carpets look like they need to be ripped up and replaced.... they were pretty gross. The hallways seem to be a little newer than the rooms. The furniture is very dated, but they do have big flat screen tvs. I would definitely suggest bringing slippers to wear around your room and/or flip flops to wear in the shower. The service was ok. The people working at the desk were polite. The concierge desk was a little rude. Also, I called for a wake-up call and they never called me. I defintely would not go back to the Excalibur. I'd rather pay more money for a better experience.
4	I typically stay at Excalibur when I visit Vegas, and there's really only one reason: price.  If you join the MGM loyalty program (MLife), you can get rooms at Excalibur through the week for as cheap as $24 a night.  You won't find a cheaper place on the Strip (with the possible exception of Imperial Palace). The decor is a bit dated, especially the dark carpet in the rooms.  They have started to remodel, and some of the regular price rooms now have flat screens.  But honestly, if you care what the carpet looks like or how big the TV is, you're in the wrong city.I've never had a problem with cleanliness or room quality.  The beds are comfortable.  In Vegas, you don't really need much more.  Can you find nicer rooms in Vegas? Most definitely.  But why pay so much more for a room you shouldn't be spending that much time in?
2	I wanted to give the recently remodeled rooms a try.The room itself was pretty good.  The housekeeping did not clean the first day and we had to call, the next day they came really late (around 4PM or so).  The floor was dirty back by the table.  When you turned the water on, the water went everywhere because of the sink. At checkout the self-checkout, which was near the elevators were down so we had to go the lobby :( and wait.I will try a different hotel on the strip the next time.
4	For the price of this room it was great! We had stayed at the monte carlo before but I think it was overpriced. We did pay for the upgraded room at Excalibur, but it was worth it. I loved it here the room was clean and nice. The only tiny issue was we wanted one king bed and they didn't have any when we checked in the first night, but they said if we went back in the morning we could change rooms. We stayed where we were just b/c it was so nice we didn't feel the need to move!
2	My partner and I arrived in Las Vegas for a conference in February with a reservation for the Excalibur. The lure for this decision was the outstanding rate as well as the hotel's proximity to City Center (where our daily meetings were held). This hotel has very mixed reviews, so my expectations were minimal/ hopeful. Please note that the daily resort fee includes WIRED internet in the room.IF YOU ARE TAKING A CAB from the airport, remind the driver NOT to take the tunnel. TWICE THE FARE that route.The check-in line moved quickly. We elected not to pay for an upgrade so were assigned to a standard room with 2 queens in tower 1, facing the Luxor. I suggest asking for a higher floor when offered to avoid a dismal rooftop view.I have walked through this casino and shopping area many times when visiting Las Vegas and have never been impressed with the feeble attempt at a castle theme. This stay proved that to be the case in the hotel areas as well. However decorated, I found the room comfortable and clean upon arrival. I was impressed that we could open the window a full four inches to allow fresh air in the space. The beds were comfortable with extra pillows in the closet. The bathroom vanity area was plenty wide enough for two women to share. Although not promised, this standard room included a large flatscreen television. If you want daily housekeeping, make sure to remove your do not disturb sign because they wont double back unless you call.The pool was OPEN in this winter season. The area includes four separate pools that provide some seclusion from one another. Only one pool was open, but several hot tubs were available. It was a relaxing break from the conference. Please note that the pool hours are very limited, with closing time at 5:00 pm.I did not try much dining at this hotel other than breakfast one morning in the Sherwood Cafe. Service was prompt, and the 3-egg omelett breakfast was enough for us to share. I met some very nice people working at the various hotel shops.This hotel was adequate for our stay. If you are a traveler seeking Vegas luxury, I suggest booking elsewhere.TIP: If you like nightclubs and are traveling without men, you can find club promoters inside of NYNY and LUXOR giving out wristbands for free admission and drink specials.
5	Our family was pleasantly surprised.  After reading all the awful reviews we expected the worst .  They said excalibur was kid friendly and they were only right about that.1. Hotel smoke smell was not bad.  it's Vegas people do smoke here but, it wasn't unbearably or thick.  They do a pretty good job of airing it out and keeping the smells down.2.  Kids arcade was one of the cleanest we saw and very well ventilated unlike disgusting circus circus that we visited on our trip.  3. Rooms were fine and clean.  We stayed in a flat screen room and it wasn't luxiourious but for the price you can't complain.4. Pool area was fun the kids plentynof spots to sit.  Food and drinks were good.5.  All employees were very courteous and helpful.  6.  Check in desk was close didn't have to walk far.  It was the easiest casino to get around in.We had a pleasant experience and would definitely return.
3	Good hotel for the price.....used our AAA discount.  Dont waste your money on the lunch buffet....very bland and limited items.  Kids arcade in the basement was nice...and entertaining for the kids.  Tournament of the Kings show and dinner was nice as well..!!  Recommend the stay, but go somewhere else for the buffet.
1	I stayed here over the weekend because i had friends flying in from the east coast who already booked a few rooms, and it was cheap. The non renovated rooms are a joke.  I would rather bring a sleeping bag and sleep on one of those overpass crosswalks listening to some lady say "water for a dollar" all night.  The renovated rooms are nicer and good if you don't plan on spending any time in the room other than sleeping and showering (like me).  The pool scene was pretty sad.  I watched a gang fight almost break out by the elevators.  Hotel Management was not friendly and useless resolving an issue with our room keys. The only food we found was fast food and needed to walk to the Luxor to get something decent to eat.  They also charge a $14 per day "resort fee" when you check out.  Excalibur, not a fan.
2	Yeah, if you want to stay on the strip and be close to a lot of things - this is it. The castle-themed room decor was clever 20 years ago. It's outdated today, but you're not going to spend a lot of time in the room anyway. There's no wireless wifi; you'll have to plug in (but it's free). Plan ahead if you are on an upper floor because the elevators are  S O    S L O W   and you will wait in long lines just to get close to the elevator doors. At checkout time, we had 4 elevators stop on our floor (all full) so we finally just gave up and walked down the stairs. Fortunately we were on 5 so we didn't have to go too far. The floor was quiet even though there were some gang bangers raising a ruckus around 3 a.m.  But then again, you don't come here to mingle with classy people, right? It's Vegas on a budget, duh.
2	I know exactly how to spruce the old castle up...a controlled demolition.  Time to bring the old girl down and start over.  This place is rotted to the core.  The "upgraded" rooms feature faded old plasma screens that pre date HDMI plugs and seem to display images in grey scale.  The carpets are a mosaic of stains, the buffet is a flesh eating bacteria breeding ground, and the live lounge entertainment is...is...well, I don't know what to make of them.The price is right for the dump that it is.  That earns them an extra star.  If you stay here, plan on being out most of the time and it may work for you.
2	I stayed at Excalibur long ago as a teen and re-visited on a work trip. I had thought after so many years that they would have upgraded & remodeled. Upon entry to the hotel, I was stopped and asked if I wanted to go visit their new timeshare resort. It was quite a long sell and annoying as all I wanted to do was check-in. I found the check-in counters & it was quite confusing. The signage in the hotel is not so great and so I got turned around trying to find my way to my room. My room was average with two queen beds. There was no wifi in the hotel which is disappointing as I wasn't able to use multiple devices and had to actually hard-wire in. The rate was fair and I knew to not expect too much but the maid kept coming by and trying to enter my room to clean. I tried explaining to her I just checked in and it was a bit late to be cleaning (after 1pm) and she kept trying to come back and enter. It was a bit strange.
3	I will still contend that this is one of the better places to stay if you're taking into consideration location & price mainly.It is very close to the main action of the strip.  They always offer extra stuff like discounts to their comedy show which is always good!Sure their rooms aren't the Bellagio but which rooms are!?  I'm in Vegas to Eat, Drink, Smoke, Party, Club, Gamble.  Not be mesmorized by a room I only sleep & shower in. Check it out, call them if you plan to stay.  you will usually get a better deal than what you see online.
4	I give it 5 stars cause, I got a whole week for only 360.00 and I enjoyed  the room it us a nice size. Also the bed is the chit, I had to force myself to get out of it. The TV Is another plus, if you are ever here, go for the buffet of buffets at the RIO hotel cause you pay about 50 for one person. But it is good til the next day. Good food at the planet Hollywood buffet. I had a blast, went to see a lot of shows, Kevin Hart killed it!
4	UPGRADE TO THE TOWER ROOMS!!!if ur main goal in vegas is to eat eat eat, sleep sleep sleep, gamble and more eating, your room might not be of the most importance if your budget is ruled mainly by eating good food. For me: I just wanted a decent place to stay, close to the City Center, without spending a fortune on a room, that i would just use to sleep and shower. We took advantage of booking early to a discount and I spent about $230.00 for a fri-mon stay. The upgrade says Widescreen TV, but we didn't really care about that- the main difference from the other rooms is that it looks a little more modern. Beds were decent and comfortable : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/o7AiTlyWUrBSzdz6oMHj5w?select=hEzxVsEJzj4_Bdm1CJoQFQBathrooms were clean. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/o7AiTlyWUrBSzdz6oMHj5w?select=ez1T5FamJ8MzAvyp94ZuegI have crashed in some pretty ugly looking hotel rooms in vegas, and for the price and convenience, it was pretty decent! Check in was smooth, signing up for the Mlife playing card was a breeze since i registered ahead online, staff was friendly, but slots were not. They have a convenient food court http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/o7AiTlyWUrBSzdz6oMHj5w?select=mvxEq1vTcSsHPYC5Kzwrnw.There's always Thunder From Down Under (been twice for bachelorette parties!)- which is pretty decent too!
2	I went to Vegas for my birthday and we decided to spend as little as possible on hotel accommodations (but still on the LV strip). And using all those travel websites and deals, we came up with Excalibur, which by the was still not that cheap, but it was a weekend, so prices tend to be higher then.So up on arrival, things were okay. Free valet is standard at Vegas hotels, so that was good. Once we checked in and went to our room, I was in for a surprise. When I was a kid, I thought Excalibur was the BIGGEST and BESTEST hotel a kid can dream of. Not so much. There was no central air. The rooms were standard size but it seemed kind of musty. One of the handles on the drawers were broken so the hotel staff replaced it with a wire hanger. The ambiance was just not cool. But I guess you get what you pay for. We did end up spending more money on food an  entertainment so I guess it worked out.But, I don't think I can stay here again.
1	Ghetto! No wi-fi and room service stops at 2pm!! Seriously disappointed. Jacuzzi didn't work right. Furniture was falling apart. Very sad hotel.
4	This place is ok. I just came back from a four day trip. You must stay at tower two. It was ok. Not bad at all, But in no way shape or form can you compare this hotel to the nicer hotels. All in all it was ok.
3	Check in was simple... and everyone was super nice.Do NOT fall for the guys trying to give you free or discounted shows at checkin.  They are selling a time share and you will waste 3-4 hours of your trip sitting at a pitch.   (I didn't fall for it... but I know lots of other people who did... and once you are there.. you are stuck!)this hotel is not in the "cool end" of the strip... which was fine with me.  It is still very centrally located and easy to get in/out of.   But if you are looking for lots of drunk frat boys and scantilly clad drunk girls, this is not your spot.  Go stay near the Bellagio.  If you are looking for something decent and maybe a little more slower in pace... the Excaliber is fine.ProsBed is delicious.  I mean... I wish I could have taken it home, comfortable.Staff is generally pretty friendlyCocktail waitresses are quick (except for around 2am)Conveinient lil food court upstairs...  not the best food, but quite a few lil fast food spots to choose from in a pinch.Nice tram to the Luxor and Mandalay bay. There is also an indoor walkway to the Luxor, so if its hot... you don't even have to go outdoors.ConsRound Table buffet was HORRIBLE.  Do NOT waste your money.  The food was cold, soggy and generally just gross.  I heard that almost all Vegas buffets were good... so, I figured we'd go to the one in our own hotel.  I would NEVER even consider going there again.  It was that gross.Airport ShuttleIt doesn't run after 4pm, unless you make a special reservation.  We checked our bags with the bell hop at around 11am and told the person at the desk that we would need to get the shuttle to the airport around 6.  She told us just to go wait in the shuttle area,  but when we picked up our bags ... they said "oh, the last shutte left 2 hours ago. You should have made a reservation!"   So, we ended up having to take a cab to the airport.Slots aren't very friendly.  NO one was winning...  not even on the penny slots.Free internet... but not wireless.  Gotta plug into the ethernet cord in the room.
4	Stayed there from 20Jan11-23Jan11 in room 27219. Was very nervous at first because of all the negative reviews. The last thing I remember about this hotel was how bad the smell was from my previous trip in 2006 & 2008 but I was surprise to see how things had changed. The smoke/cigarette smell is not longer there..I mean not as bad as before. If you get down there early enough when everyone else is still in bed you could smell the nice airfreshner smell.I'd return back to the same hotel anytime.
4	I dont know why everyone bashes the excalibur. I recently stayed here and it was great. Everything was clean, nice flat screen tv, walk in shower. Got upgraded for free too. :)The pool was off the hook!
5	rooms really big nice and clean. awsome for bachlors party.
3	Pretty good hotel for the price.  The front desk was observant and noticed we had our kids with us (which by the way, if you have kids, stay just off the strip, outside Vegas or way off the strip - Vegas is not a place for the kiddos, families etc.  It use to be but not anymore).  Anyway back to the Excalibur, the front desk associate upgraded our room to the bigger TV and put us high overlooking New York New York which was great because the kids could sit and watch their rollercoaster.  It was a great thing.  Because Vegas is now the Vegas of the 20th century we decided to stay in and go to the McDonald's/Quiznos and then we brought McDonalds to the room for breakfast the next morning. The beds were nice, the room was clean (the shower area could have used a little TLC) but overall it was a good place to stay....for a night.
4	I love staying here! Prefer tower 2- I could live in this room. Really love its location, you can get to several casinos using the walkways without having to go down to the strip or drive.
1	The price will temp you, but if you fall for it just about everything else will disappoint you.  The rooms are a small step up from a motel 6.  I called the front desk to ask if they had any toothpaste because I had forgotten mine.  Apparently not trying to win any customer service awards, the insipid "lady" on the other end said, "No", and hung up.  Not even a, "No, sorry", or a "No, but you can buy some at the shitty convenience store near the elevators", just a " No".  Do yourself a favor and spend a couple more bucks to stay at a nicer hotel, you won't regret passing up whatever "deals" this dump happens to be offering.Oh, and the wifi is about 500 times slower than dial-up.  What a waste of $10.
4	I really enjoyed my recent stay at Excalibur.  This was my first time staying here.  I thought the price was great for 3 nights, so I did the upgrade to the widescreen room.  They put us in tower two and based on the reviews this was the good tower.  I was psyched for the view.  Awesome strip view.  I love having an awesome view like this.  While I may not be in the room much to be able to look down the strip when I am especially when I go to bed and its all lit up is awesome.  The room was comfy, bed nice, really enjoyed it. Tower two is also good for getting right downstairs to the pool and spa.  Don't have to walk across the casino to get there as it is at the bottom of the elevators.  Speaking of never had to wait long for elevators.  Although pretty close by right when you get to the casino are the wonderful time share people.  My wife and I make sure to go in opposite directions in this point and veer back towards each other once passed.  We really got this routine down to the point where no words or directions were needed.  The pool was great.  Not very crowded.  Pretty easy to find two seats no matter what time of the day.  Loved the water slide as I love water slides.  Got twenty rides in right before lunch the first day.  Casino slots were actually friendly which is always shocking.  I would like it if the people working the sports book actually know how to work the sports book and understand that the nascar nationwide series is not the same as the nascar sprint cup series.  Other than that totally enjoyed it, and can't wait to come back.
4	Have stayed here half a dozen times on trips to Vegas because the room rates cannot be beat sometimes! I usually don't care about hotel rooms either, a place to sleep is what they are for me and as long as they are safe and clean, I don't care what it is. If you're looking for luxury, this is not the place for you (but I would think you would know that already when booking). Have stayed in both the new updated rooms and the old ones and both have treated us well. Simple shower in the bathrooms, maid service is prompt, check in and check out has always run smoothly (although it does get SUPER busy at prime time hours!) and the casino seems to spit out more money than some of the others I've been to. The beds in the older rooms were a little too soft for me, which is the only negative I can think of. Nice views of the NYNY and MGM from the newly updated tower and parking is plentiful and has never been a problem. Kids have never been a problem... at least not anymore so than other casinos. Pool is fine, have only been there once so can't review that too well. A few things I don't like - horribly pushy sales people inside the casino and on the bridge to get there. A few times they would RUN after us or people walking next to us yelling about show tickets and whatnot. From being inside all the other casinos on the strip, this hotel was the only one we experienced this at. While I just walk by and ignore like I usually have, it does become an annoying factor when you realize how desperate they are to get you. Another downside - from what I've seen, this place doesn't have any room service at night (I could be wrong.. we usually don't order it as there as so many places to eat in Vegas!). Last time we were there, I noticed on that there were certain hours and during the night was not one of them. They do have a food court which they list on there for their night food. One other negative is the location, it's south of the strip, so it is a bit of a walk if you want to explore other casinos. While this has never been a problem for us, it's something to think about. That being said, with MGM, NYNY, Luxor and Mandalay Bay (which has a LOT of nice places to eat and shop) being so close, there is always something to do. The negative reviews always make me laugh... for $24 a night, what did you think you'd be getting? Four Seasons? ... big fat NO. It's a fine hotel to sleep in and that's that.
4	When talking about Vegas hotels Excalibur often falls to the bottom of the list because it is old. However with old comes cheap and you can score great accommodation deals here! Of course it is linked up to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. It is also convenient to New York, New York, MGM Grande, etc. One of the best atributes of the hotel is the pool, or should I say pools. Finally it is often difficult to find decent, cheap food in Vegas however theer is a Baja Fresh right in Excalibur which is vry convenient!
2	I thought that I scored a deal when I booked one night at Excalibur for $45 but it was a wake up for me when my hotel had a view of a brick wall and when I asked for another room; I was told that I would need to pay more. When I check-out I was told that I would need to pay $15 service fee which made me even more angry.  I did checked in earlier and the parking was free, free wi-fi but no refrigerator in the room. It was fine for one night but I will not stay there again.
3	My friends and I came here over Memorial Day weekend. This is the second year that some of them stayed here, it was my first time this year. I've stayed at crappy hotels and I've stayed at luxury hotels. I stayed here because that's where my friends booked to stay at, obviously they were going for good pricing. We arrived to the hotel around 3AM because our flight was delayed. We had a speedy check-in, since no one else was checking in at that time. Our room was in Tower 2, they had remodeled since last year. It's better, more updated looks within the rooms. No more dark carpet or dark wallpaper. The bathrooms are upgraded with granite counter tops and lighting fixtures, flat screen tv's and new paintings. We were on the 11th floor and had a nice view of NY NY and the strip (which was better than last year's -- a view of the roof). Like someone else said, Tower 2 is good for being close to the pools and you have easy access to the parking lots, if you drove. There is a Baja Fresh on the main floor, on the second floor there are other fast food options -- McDonald's, Quizno's, Pizza Hut, ColdStone, Starbucks, and some chinese food place. McD's is open 24 hours.This hotel was worth the money, especially on the second busiest weekend of the year, when they raise prices by 200%. It's a good place to sleep, get ready, swim and eat cheaply. But if you're looking for a fancy, flashy, luxury hotel...you should probably move along to another place farther down the strip.
3	My wife and I were spending an extended weekend in Vegas with a friend and booked a "wide screen room" here at the last minute for around $96 a night.  Let me give you a quick run down:The Good: -A wonderful newly rennovated pool area.  I was very impressed.  (Get a cabana, its worth it.)  They also have an adult pool where you can avoid cannonballs.-Brand new spa-Great location on the strip close to MGM Grand and Mandalay BayThe OK:  -Only get the rooms in the newly renovated Tower 2.  Their clean and decently appointed for what you pay for.  You don't want to know what the Tower 1 rooms look like.  They are scary.-Good table minimums during the day in the Casino.The BAD:-You will get hounded by the timeshare people every time you walk to your hotel room.  Just smile and say no thank you.  You get used to it after a while.-People will smoke on all floors regardless of where you are.  -There is no security guarding the room towers.  This bothered me a bit since any yahoo off the street could wander up into the room floors.-Bad Bad restaurants.  I recommend walking to the Luxor or Mandalay Bay Shops for food.  Overall, for the price and location, you can't beat it with a stick.  If your looking for something more than just a bed and a good pool, I would suggest trying another hotel.  Remember, you get what you pay for.
2	Moving Review from old Account] Excalibur HotelCategories:Hotels,CasinosNeighborhood: The Strip5/29/2011This place was so so. Our room had some trash left in it from a guest before. Gross. I think you can find better for this price. It really isn't much. They also have some people who try to get you "free tickets" which in the end, you end up committing 2-3 hours of your morning for and paying 40$ back. Don't like being hustled in the first 10 minutes of checking in. We get charge the $15 when you get there and the internet sucked ass. Very disappointed.
4	Great place to gamble here...Sometimes the craps limits start at $2 but even at the busiest hours I don't see the table games going higher than $5.There's alot to see at this hotel including a large food court, shows, and shopping.
4	for the weekend of May 20, 2011I wanted to stay at venetian or something like that, but my friend didn't want to spend more than 100 a night. So even though excalibur wasn't my first choice, it did fit the criteria= affordable & on the strip.The parking was easy to navigate & to find a spot and checking in was painless. I even got a free room upgrade (newly remodeled room called widescreen) just by nicely inquiring about the rate!  The room was pretty nice too- cute decor, flatscreen tv, huge bathroom (good for girls sharing a room), nice tub, comfy beds. I'm still debating if the room would have been worth paying extra for, but I was extremely happy with it. The hotel itself is on one edge of the strip so if you're trying to mostly be on the mirage/treasure island side a lot then I suggest taking a taxi. The line for a taxi at the lobby was super packed at 1030-11pm when we decided to go out dancing. We walked and ended up taking the double decker bus, NOT reccommended! ugh it was awful! Better if you just wait for the taxi, they constantly have some pulling up anyway.There were about 4 large pools and we avoided the ones with kids in it. Plenty of beach chairs to lay out for tanning and they provide towels. The staff throughout the hotel were both nice and helpful, no meanies.Overall I was very very happy with this hotel- nice staff, clean rooms, on the strip, not that many children running around as I had anticipated and AFFORDABLE. We saved money staying here and instead got to see a show and do more shopping. Will stay again!
1	Las Vegas is all about THEME hotels. Don't let the castle exterior fool you. The real theme here is. DMV meets a cattle car meets Oklahoma morbidly obese convention, meets half exploded meth lab. CLASSY!I made the mistake of trying to save money since my Vegas trip was pure business. "I just need a place to sleep while I attend this convention" I thought." BIG deal if this place is tacky!" Just pay an extra 30 bucks and stay somewhere where the rooms do not smell of mustard , and where they actually care about your business.They do not even have wifi.
1	Never again will I stay here.  Our room was descent, but this review will focus more on the casino.  First off, their ventilation system sucks ass.  If you're not a smoker, you might as well be if you go to the Excalibur.  As soon as you walk in you get a huge wiff of smoke and smell like you've taken a shower in ash.  Although the minimum for the tables are cheap ($5), you def get what you pay for in terms of ambiance.  Our room was in Tower II (the OLD tower) and at the other end of the entrance.  Also, we were on the 25th floor and on the last night we were there, the elevator kept passing our floor.  We were all ready to go out in our heals and dresses only to find out that we had to take the stairs all the way down.  I hate to bitch, but the staircase also wreaked (sp?) of cigarette smoke.  I'd hate to get stuck here...worst nightmare come true. The morning we checked out, which was at 6am the elevator still didn't stop at our floor.  Luckily we only had to go down 1 flight w/ our luggage and the elevator stopped on the 24th floor.  FML...I'm super tired and exhausted and the damn elevator doesn't work properly.  What a way to end the trip.   Supposedly Tower I has the updated rooms with flat screens and those are the pictures that the Excalibur has on their website.  So if you're planning a stay here, request Tower I.
3	Pro's:Inexpensive:We stayed on a weekend (Check in Friday/Check Out Monday) and paid $248 for an upgraded room.  I think the person just gave us the upgrade, but anyway $248 is a freakin' steal! When you are in Vegas all you do in the room is get ready, pregame, and get some ;) so why would I spend nearly $300 more to stay at the Mirage, Bally's, Paris, or even more at any of the mid-strip hotels?  There is always the option of Imperial Palace, but have you seen and smelled that place?  Since our room was in the updated Tower II, the rooms were very nice for the price, modern furniture, 42" flat screen TV, full-length mirror.  What more do you need people, it's Vegas?! Food Selection:They have a good variety of food in their food court pizza, burgers, Asian inspired Sandwiches and snacks (pretzels & popcorn).  I am not a buffet person and struggle finishing a regular plate of food in two settings sometimes so I am not going to waste $25 on one meal unless it's gourmet.Location:They are located in an easy to access spot where there are hotels (New York New York, Tropicana, MGM) surrounding and connected by a bridge.  In addition, the Luxor is connected by a corridor with an automated walkway.  They also have easy access to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay using their free tram.Con'sTimeshare Sales people:Ok, so I will admit the people trying to sell you timeshares are annoying as hell and they partially suck me in every time until Jon snaps me back into reality.  I WILL NEVER do a timeshare meeting in Vegas again. The last time we did the presentation we actually got a free stay for going, now it seems as if all they give is a show ticket.  Sorry, my time is more valuable than that. Stay away from these people they are sneaky and try to suck you in.Ambiance:Ambiance is lacking...corny, touristy, and many things are outdated.BUT SERIOUSLY THOUGH, when it comes down to it sure it's older and smells like smoke, but we're in Vegas and since people can smoke indoors that's just how it is.  I am glad I don't always follow the advice of all the reviews prior to staying somewhere because many of the previous reviews would have detoured me from staying here and I definitely enjoyed my $250 stay.  Sometimes you just have to take things on a case-by-case basis and see what works best for you and your budget.
3	Meh- I wasn't exactly thrilled to hear I would be staying at this Hotel a few weeks ago. This is one of the lesser expensive options of Vegas hotels. Its pretty old, and outdated. Because it's a cheaper hotel, it brings in a lower class of visitors. To be fair, it does have a few positives. It is home to Thunder from down under. :) :) :) I kept hoping I would see some of those hot Aussie men walking around, but I never did. Its also home to Dicks (I reviewed this place previously) All in all, I would not choose to stay here again, but its not all that bad.
4	Good hotel for the budget conscious.Internet is wired only (no wifi). Good bandwidth!Hotel is close to the strip.Lots of slots and a few tables.Buffet was lacking for the $20 price I paid (no steak, no seafood, dry pork ribs, but at least they had prime rib).
4	The Excalibur Hotel is great for families or groups of friends looking to have a great time without spending a whole lot of money! The rooms are pretty standard, unless you upgrade to their newly remodled rooms with granite and flat screen TV's. The room we stayed in had a view to the NYNY hotel and roller coaster for less than $99 a night.What was good about this hotel is it had a ton of fast food chain restaurants in their food court. From what I remember, Pizza Hut, Krispy Kreme, Popcornopolis, Coldstone Creamery, McD's, Starbucks, Etc.. Everything you need without getting stuck eating at a pricey restaurant or taking a cab. Although it is near the end of the strip, it is in close range to the MGM, NYNY, M&M store, Coca Cola Store, etc... I've stayed at 4 star hotels, but this one definitely fits the Vegas budget!
3	Good for budget minded families and groups.Stay in Tower 2 if you want use the pool. From Tower 1 you have to walk across the entire casino floor to get to the pool.Internet is wired only (no wifi). Good bandwidth!Hotel is close to the strip.Lots of slots and a few tables.Buffet was lacking for the $20 price I paid (no steak, no seafood, dry pork ribs, but at least they had prime rib).
3	No complaints but it's definitely not the Aria
2	Yes i have experienced better =( . I stayed at like motels 6 and marriott (wich is not bad hotels but u would think being on the strip it be atleast 4 stars or 3) the room decor is awful but who cares, the bed are comfy and their pillows are supper great im thinking of stealing one thats how sick they are. ok so this was my downer in this economy whenever we travel i bring snacks and mt daughter who is 2 drinks milk so i bring stuff that needs to be refrigerated and WTF no fridge!!!! wat!!!!! no coffee machine!!!! no microwave!!!!!! i paid $55 buck at like marriots and they are all equipped with stuff like this!!! good thing we had a cooler of our own. i paid $80 buck plus tax wtf step it up a notch. their pool was ok it was kid friendly so im giving them a star and a half for that and hal of one for the pillows =)
4	I was pleasantly surprised. I expected a really crappy motel quality hotel but it was actually quite nice. Free upgrade, clean, fairly quiet, nice big bathroom and the beds were comfortable. We didn't do much except sleep and get ready to go out, so for our purposes and for the price, this hotel was pretty much perfect. We stayed in Tower 2 on the 9th floor and had a view of the pool.
3	One of my favorite places to stay in Vegas. Great location for the places I like to spend time in. And the price is usually fairly cheap to be on the strip in a hotel with a casino. Gambling is pretty chill, but it does get packed. There are definitely some families around (there is an arcade below the casino floor). It's attached to other hotels, which is awesome when you don't want to deal with the heat, but are looking for another scene.
4	Loved the stay.  i had a great view, bed was comfy enough, convenient distance from everything and still affordable. A corded connection to the internet is available in the room for free, but wifi is only available where they have a computer room (weird, but dont pay the extra for wifi). I would never take my kid to Vegas (no fun) but i seen plenty of kids here. Gorgeous dancers in small amounts of clothes were dancing at the two bars that i had seen. Pleasant to the eye, but i wouldnt want my lil girl seeing them and gettin ideas on what to do when she grew up. haha
3	I suppose I do consider myself budget minded when it comes to Vegas. My ideology behind my hotel room is that in Vegas, you're only going to go there to change, sleep, or utilize the toilet if you have a bad hangover. I am not going to scrutinize every detail or complain about the decor here, because despite its cheesy theme, I enjoy it. Who doesn't appreciate the medieval period of history? I sure as hell appreciate it! It's been a while since I have stayed here, but I enjoyed my stay. I was pleasantly surprised at the room. I thought because people bitched and moaned about how old and worn down this place was, that it would resemble a roach motel. It was a nice, quaint little room with semi comfortable beds. I am not picky about what I sleep on, as lon g as it is some what soft. I am pleased to say that I slept my buzz off during my whole stay there.I didn't gamble on any slot machines, but from what I recall, even in my alcohol induced state of mind, it seemed more family friendly. I saw a lot of families there, so I didn't spot that much eye candy. I was disappointed, but not too disappointed. I also don't recall finding a bar of choice at the casino, so I can't make a comment about that. The place was sprawling, from what i remember, and it was quite a walk from our room to where all the activity was, but I didn't mind. I was happy that I could burn SOME of all the calories I acquired from all the tasty drinks I sipped on.Last but not least, it all comes down to the food court. I have a weird ritual when I drink. I attempt to not eat so I can get inebriated quicker. Mathematically, it sounds great because it means I don't have to spend much money. Or so I assume. Anyway, after many nights of drunkenly walking across the casino, with a pair of heels on on one hand, and a clutch in another, we all went to the food court so it wouldn't hurt in the morning. Although there were not a lot of choices for the calorie minded, our group simply didn't care because we wanted to eat in the comfort of our hotel. We all adjourned in the food court, and what was our option? Mcdonald's! Well, it was quite alright with us. We were okay with grubbing on salty fries, and eating as many burgers as we could so we didn't have to complain about a dry throat and a throbbing headache in the morning.Excalibur isn't glamorous by any means. If you are a baller and have large amounts of money to your name, this won't suffice. Go and invest in a wonderful suite, and enjoy all that luxury for me. For po' folk like yours truly, this was quite alright for me. I had a comfortable bed, air conditioning that worked, and a mirror to get ready in front of. Granted, the lighting was horrible, but that's why it is common knowledge that after you are done applying make up,, you should drink so you think you look club ready. All in all, good stay.
2	For the money, the room was better than I was expecting after having seen Imperial Palace's rooms for only a few dollars less. The bed was comfy, the tv was nice, overall very clean. The pool was nicely renovated, although, there are many better to be found. The hotel overall looked tired, but not worthy of being demolished.   Excalibur certaily falls short when it comes to service. The entire time of our stay ( a holiday weekend) only one elevator was working for our entire tower's side. Then, one evening, no elevators were working and everyone was forced to climb as many as 8 flights of stairs. To me, that's unacceptable, regardless of how cheap the rooms are. Charge more and fix your equipment or offer some sort of compesation for asking so much from your guests. I know when I book a hotel I am not expecting to be climbing stairs to my accomodations. The front desk was less than interested in offering a solution to this issue. My adivice. forget Excalibur and go to the Flamingo for about the same price and btter everything. I wish harrah's hotels offered the packages like MGM does!
2	To be honest, I would just stay away. The " revamp" rooms were still sub-par, and I don't mean sub-par with a nicer hotel, I mean sub-par with a motelTo start the service I received was good all around, from the cabana servers, to the check in staff. Everyone that we encountered was very helpful and kind, which is a nice plus in a hotel. I love when I am valued by the place I give my money.  Unfortunately that is where the good ends.On to the rooms, which is were the majority of this two star rating is coming from.  They were new 'remodeled' rooms, yet our pillows were stained, our comforter had a burn mark(in a smoking free room), and the comforter also had nail polish on it. The beds were also rock hard, in the 4 nights I was there I didn't get a decent night sleep at all. Overall the room felt dirty. The shower also had extremely low water pressure and backed up every night, despite maintenance coming to our room. The pool was decent. There were 4 different pools and one was an 18+ pool, which I do think is a nice touch, yet they were just pools. No bells and whistles like other hotels. Also beware there are tons of kids at this hotel, and many unsupervised. Me and a few friends were heading out the the pool one morning, we were on the 21st floor and got in an elevator with two boys, who seemed maybe about 11ish and they had pushed every button on the way down. So we stopped on every floor from the 21st, on. I will never stay here again.
3	clean rooms, fast room service, friendly staff all over. had to find a place to stay for a week for my friend's APP convention, we got a deal here, only $30 a night. can't argue with that. my main concern were bedbugs, didn't get any of that. the pool area was solid, with its own separate adult section which is convenient. fun place. no major complaints. for the price, it was mad comfy.
3	This hotel looks like an enchanted castle. We didn't stay here, but enjoyed the all-you-can-eat lunch buffet for dirt cheap. There was plenty to choose from and everything was fresh. Not generous with the seasoning tho, but I probably didn't need those extra sprinkles of salt anyway.
4	This place is trash-tastic!  Dimly lit, has a Dick's Last Resort, lots of things to entertain the rednecks such as myself.  When my red family was visiting over Fourth of July, this was one of their favorite casinos to gamble at, probably because of the dancing girls behind the table games.  Dealers were really friendly and the cocktail servers kept the drinks coming!
3	If you're looking for a clean, cheap hotel room on the Strip then Excalibur is a good choice - but there's nothing glitzy or glamorous about the hotel. Again, just clean and cheap. If you want a luxury Vegas vacation then this is definitely not the hotel for you.
3	If you're looking for a nice clean place to pass out from partying all night then this is the place for you. Not a glitzy hotel, but I personally would rather pay less for a room so I could have more money to do other stuff. The pool was nice and clean..perfect for 100+ degree weather.
3	My friends and I needed a cheap, clean hotel room since we didn't plan to stay in there much and wanted to save money for other Vegas experience instead... Imperial Palace was the first choice, but we never even seen the hotel building before so we opted for Excalibur! We weren't all that excited about the hotel since we stayed at better ones like Bellagio and Aria before, but the price was good! A week before our trip, I reserved the Widescreen Tower, Queen non-smoking room for the weekend. But then a day before checking in, I found a 20% off coupon. Of course, I pulled out my calculator to see how much I would save. The original payment was supposed to be $278, but $232 after the discount. So excited, I immediately called in!Then the call representative burst my bubble. She said I wouldn't save as much as if I did my reservation online, and since there was a $10 service fee to lower my rate, it would only be around $14. I said no thanks. Hours later, I called back and was greeted by a nice lady. She actually gave me the online rates! And surprisingly at check-in, I wasn't charged the $10 service fee!If you really need an affordable hotel, then this might work for you.  It isn't fancy like other ones. My hotel room was clean though. I didn't have problems with the service or staff . Also, my first time with self-parking wasn't so bad either. The parking lot was out in the open and easy to find. It wasn't stuffy and dark like the ones at MGM or Paris. The inside restaurants aren't so great but not pricey. One of the restaurants, Dick's Last Resort, is considered one of America's weirdest restaurants, according to NBC. Check it out if you're in the mood for something... different. Beware though... if you're really against the smell of cigarettes, don't ever enter the smoking floor! I stayed at the 27th non-smoking floor but because the ice machine was slow at making ice, I went to the next floor, and oh boy,  the cigarette smell was disgusting! Another downside is that the hotel is at the end of strip, so the walking will suck for you if you don't drive around or want to take the monorail (the closest station is at MGM Grand). They also have two trams to Mandalay Bay and Luxor.
5	Great hotel. Great service. Great Price. :)
5	We did a quick 24 hour turn-a-round and the Excalibur was great! I do not know how we got the upgrade but I have to say THANK YOU!!!!! Totally made the trip even better. The staff was really friendly and helpful. Will go back again!
5	We just stayed here about a week ago.  We paid $35 a night and got free breakfast for 2 every morning at any hotel owned by MGM.  I don't think it gets any better than this.  It basically came out that we pay for breakfast and got a room for $5.  The check in line was super long, but it didn't matter for the price.  The bathroom was outdated and there was no bathtub, but everything else was great.  Huge tv, comfortable room and comfortable bed.  If this deal gets posted again, I will be coming back.
4	2nd time coming here, (once in 2009 and again last month) with my boyfriend and his parents and have no complaints about our stay here. Then again, when in Vegas, you don't stay much in your room, right?Room was clean - comfy bed, clean bathroom, no weird smells in the room. Back in 2009, we had the room with the jacuzzi and a great view of New york, New york - it was really nice.The casino downstairs was totally filled with smoke to the point that it makes my eyes water, but of course - that is expected in Vegas right? Very sad that they closed down Sherwood Forest Cafe. Lots of good memories there, eating breakfast with the family. It was open 24 hours too which was convenient when you didn't feel like wandering off too far from your hotel. With that restaurant shut down, there's only Dicks (which doesn't appeal to me), or resorting to eating the $5 hot dog and beer special at the Sherwood Bar. Anyway, there is not much to do in Excalibur itself, but it is connected to New york, New york, Luxor, MGM so it is very easy to wander out to other places for entertainment. They really treat my boyfriend's mom good while she is here though. They send a gift basket to her room, give her lots of comps with free meals and free starbucks, and also give her free nights to stay. So as far as customer service, they really go out of their way to accomodate you.
4	This is a clean, fun, simple hotel on a good location of the strip.  For the money, this is the best cheapest hotel on the strip. The theme is cute and has a great overall ambiance.I've been here a few times, and things are always more than adequate and gets the job done.  Oh, and Thunder Down Under was there during my last stay...OMFG, gross!!! That was the one and only disturbing thing about this hotel: having to see a bunch of half-naked, oiled up Australians on billboards plastered on walls throughout the hotel. Chills.
2	Man has vegas changed! The standard tower room is where we stayed since we didn't think we'd be in the room much. For the price (which I got at a STEAL) it wasn't bad. But, we had a view of the brick wall of a tower. The pillows were over stuffed. NO tub was a huge turn off for me. I've stayed at 2 star hotels that had better accommodations. Not cool. I won't be back.
1	Room was not cleaned when we checked in. Housekeeping took almost an hour to get to our room, after we requested their service. No doubt the front desk was nice, and followed up on us about half hour into it, but it was still an hour before we got our rooms cleaned.The rooms smelt like smoke even though it was a non-smoking room. There were no fridges, microwaves, or even a coffee maker. =/
2	After many years of wondering, wonder no more. This place is definitely showing its age. Our room was clean, but the furniture was in need of replacement. Very quiet, A/C was great, but not impressed. No coffee maker either. In desperate need of upgrades. Oh, yeah, NO BATH TUB. WTF!!!!!
3	This is the hotel to go to if:1.  You've only got 4 people in your party2.  You want to go real cheap with hotels but still want to be on the strip3.  You're down to walk to the more happenin' hotels/clubsI've been here several times with smaller groups, and it's always for a good deal.  Nothing spectacular about the rooms (but who stays in all day, anyways?).  There are a couple places to eat (mostly wings), but really-just make that trek toward the more popular places-it's good cardio.
2	This hotel is kind of a mixed bag.  The key attributes it has going for it are low room rates, decent rooms, and all of the desirable amenities included under a very low daily resort fee.  The problem is that the staff are not very friendly or accommodating at this hotel, and there is not much cleaning up after the less than considerate guests who jump on those low room rates for a stay in Vegas.  Sigh.  I would say I was pretty happy with the quality of my bed.  The room itself had no circulation though, and the air conditioner worked so efficiently that after five minutes of turning it on, it felt like a tundra.  There was no way to sleep through the night without shivering or waking up with a dry throat.  There was no balance at all.  The resort fee included free high speed internet which had a fairly good download speed.  It also includes a free daily paper, but don't expect them to deliver it to your door.  You have to go downstairs and ask for it, show ID, and maybe even be given a dirty look to get it.  The fitness center was beautiful with a wonderful range of current machines allowing me to do a full cardio/strength training workout.  Unfortunately the staff at the fitness center were not just unfriendly but rather rude (accusing me of not wearing shoes when I was for example and then having to show them my Brooks running shoes on my feet).  Also, the narrow hours that the fitness center was open (they close at 8pm) made it difficult to use.  The resort fee also includes phone calls, but they don't advertise that either; you just figure it out for yourself after a few days.  Security was pretty tight at the hotel in a way that it is not at the nearby Paris for example.  This went beyond looking out for the welfare of the guests to the point of being annoying.  If only they showed the same zeal in keeping their common spaces tidy.  There is nothing more disgusting than walking into an elevator to your room and seeing it littered with spent cups and napkins.  Gross.  My recommendation, stay elsewhere.  At this price point, the Luxor is a much better deal.
1	Be prepared to pay for "Mandatory hidden fees"!
4	The Excalibur was good to us. I booked with them because it was the cheapest hotel on the Strip. We got a free upgrade because they ran out of the rooms that we reserved, which was a huge bonus for us. We ended up getting sick, so four of our ten days were spent in our room. It was nice to the view of the Strip since we couldn't be out exploring. The cleaning people were very nice, and the staff was helpful: everything from bringing us extra towels to keeping our bags during our last day in Vegas (our flight was at midnight, and we didn't want to trek around the city with our bags). The casino is a bit smokey, but for the price, how can you complain? This is not the Bellagio. It seems like some reviewers expect that quality while paying $25/night. C'mon. Use your head. But, if you're just looking for a place to spend the night because you'll be out on the town for the rest of your time in Vegas, this is the place. The beds are comfy, the pillows are comfy, and if you upgrade your room to a view, you'll have a great view of the area. The only real downside is that the TV has very few channels---not even basic cable. But then again, that only really matters if you were sick and spending a bunch of time in the room like we did.
1	Landfill. Sorry but it is.
2	I stayed here two weeks ago with three friends and we figured that we would stay somewhere cheap and spend on other items: food, drinks, clubs, etc. It's Vegas. Who stays in the room anyway? The bathroom and shower were shockingly large and the bed was actually one of the more comfortable hotel beds I've slept on. Not kidding. The pool was decent and if it weren't for the fact that I, in true scatterbrained fashion, left my bikini at home...then I would have enjoyed the pool and the pretty people it showcased much more. The BEAUTIFUL view our room had of a brick wall, however, was not ideal. Nor was the general quality/smell/atmosphere of this hotel. Moral of this monologue: you get what you pay for.
2	This hotel is not one I would recommend if you were coming with someone you wanted to impress; rather it is a hotel I would recommend if you were coming out with some buddies and just need crash space. The indoor layout of the casino is labyrinthine and confusing. There is a more-prominent-than-usual smoky smell. The parking is alright when you can find it. However this hotel is on the cool side of the strip-very close to NYNY,  MGM, and the Gameworks/food court area. Location is very important when you are in a drunken haze and need to stumble back!The rooms are once again, fine if you are just in vegas to party or relax, but not of the caliber you would want if you were taking a girl (or guy) here with romantic intentions. The beds are fine and well enough to fall on after an exhausting day of drinking and walking and cussing at slot machines. The bathrooms are really nice though, a strange contrast to the room itself. Overall I'd come here again for maybe a quick weekend trip with my bros to club or whatever. Special note: They have an arcade with an Orange Julius in the downstairs section, it's pretty cool.
2	"Meh. I've experienced better" is exactly how I feel about this motel. Sure it's on the strip but even then, you can find better deals that will lower hotel rooms even if they are on the strip.Staying here, the room is dark and feels dirty, kinda like a motel room =/.Look around, you can find a lot better =)
4	I'd been to Vegas several times, and stayed off the Strip to save some $. Last time I thought, what the heck, maybe the Excalibur would be okay. Midweek there were also decent prices. Check-in was a bit like security at a smaller airport ( maybe Burbank, not LAX ). Staff was kind and patient with a lot of guests who....needed the extra courtesy. Once I got to my room I was so relieved. It takes some doing to find your way from parking to check-in through the casino to your room, but never once did it smell like those off-the-strip places. My view was of the pools/ I-15. Super great pillow top mattress with plenty of pillows. I did find myself concerned for the horses 'on staff', as there is a sizable corral in the back but no shade and it was about 104 when I was in town. I know horses are resilient and all, but seriously, not one palm tree? I wanted to order room service and just chill out, but hey guess what? No room service after 2 PM. They could make some nice $ if they offered this standard service.  I ended up at La Salsa next to the casino. Finding a large unattended bag on one of the tables, it was easy to find staff to let him know. Turns out it was one of his colleagues who was careless. I did take advantage of the special spa rates for hotel guests, and was so glad to find Tony the massage therapist.Also I was missing one light bulb, so rotated the bulbs as needed. Kind of surprised there was no fridge. Overall, I enjoyed my trip and would gladly suggest Excalibur. Have fun!
2	Kinda wonky... dirty carpet and garish castle. Kinda motel-ish more than a hotel and I stayed pre recession so it wasn't cheap...
3	Definitely opt for the remodeled rooms if you can, because they are definitely acceptable... the remodeled rooms are 'close' to the typical rooms at TI. The older rooms (which I actually haven't stayed in for many years, so I don't remember) are probably so-so.This or Tropicana is usually extremely cheap for on the strip. It's just too bad you're all the way at the beginning where non of the action is.Still, the few times I came to Vegas Excaliber has severed well enough.
2	let me make this short and sweet. #1 Stay in Tower 2 (remodeled/upgraded rooms). I stayed in Tower 1 a few months ago and the elevators were dirty. The floors had rooms crammed with people. The room was dirty and had pubic hair on the floor. My boyfriend found a pair of shoes that didn't belong to us on the 3rd night we were there (strange and still unexplained!!). It seemed like they only made the bed. Tower 2 is worth the extra $$- you also get a sweet view of the pool. Our Tower 1 room had a view of the monorail. Actually we were on such a low floor the monorail went right past our room allowing no privacy!! The pools are nice and I've also used the spa service which was excellent. If you stay here you have to eat at Dick's Last Resort.  There is a decent food court upstairs and some other eateries close by.
2	Nice beds and pillows, otherwise it's a dump!  Ants in bathroom!
3	A lot better than I remembered, but I guess it's because they remodeled. Not a horrible hotel, but more for families. If you're coming here with a bunch of friends and want a more 'happening' scene, don't stay here. unless you're on a budget because the rooms are way cheaper than other areas of the strip. but remember, if you stay here because the rooms are cheaper, remember that cab fair to major clubs like XS or Tao will be higher since you're further down the road. So that may cancel out your savings.
4	On my first visit to LV we stayed at Excalibur not really because we wanted to but because I found a deal to stay there and I wasn't disappointed. The hotel is gloriously tacky! The theme is Renaissance, the outside looking like a castle and the inside following that same idea. Our room was clean, no complaints there. It was rather spacious and we had very comfortable beds. The pools were great not too packed and so refreshing. The casino was widespread and never seemed to be too loud. The staff was helpful and nice. I would stay here again if need be but I don't like to do the same thing twice so I would try to stay elsewhere to experience more. However, I would recommend staying here.Have fun in LV!
4	So I just stayed a week at Excalibur and it was nicer than I expected. The staff was very friendly and our room was very clean. The room was a lot nicer than the pictures online. The do need to do something with their pool because it's very blah! Their valet does get filled quick at night but their self parking is not too far from the casino so it worked out. Can't go wrong with their price :). Only down side is their room service because it's not 24hours.
4	On a last minute Vegas trip my husband and I decided to stay at Excalibur. It was at the perfect location for the right price. Once we arrived, we waited in line for check in, the person who checked us in was so sweet, she made us wait a little over five minutes due to computer issues and as a result hooked us up with a free room upgrade. The room was nice and we had a great view of the strip. It made the trip and we will definitely be staying there again.
4	So, I stayed at Excalibur on my way out West, due to a great deal from hotels.com.Okay, so the casino is - as one previous reviewer observed - "gloriously tacky". Yes, yes, yes!However, the room was huge, very clean, and nicely furnished. And, as tacky as it was, it was practical!Everything you could want in a hotel stay was here - food galore, slots, table games, musical entertainment, and more.All in all, a great deal and a great deal of fun!
2	You get what you pay for. In this case, perhaps a bit less. Unless you're interested in deeply smoke-filled casino areas. I experienced much better ventilation in all the 10 or so casinos I stepped foot in during my 4 night stay.  Also, the hotel room's toilet flushed extremely slow. Even Imperial Palace had power-assisted toilets. The food variety at the various restaurants in-house were dull, and the buffet was no better than a Hometown Buffet (not a compliment for those that like that place). Unfortunately, convenience played the key part in why I chose one of either McD's, Pizza Ht Xpress, Quiznoz, Krspy Kreme, or Round Table Buffet. 20 yrs old facility going on 50. At least my inspection of bed bugs came up clean. Oh, didn't mention the $15/night Resort Fee for I believe the pool/spa use, and the WIRED internet (no wireless available) both of which I didn't use. Who can really enjoy a pool that lacked trees or shade. Tropicana had a better environment for their pool area. I barely spent 5-6 per day in the room, but next time I'll still pay $50-100 more for a trip if it keeps me out of the Excal.
4	Ahhh yes...the good 'ol Excalibur Hotel. So ya it's old and weathered...but they just re did a lot of the rooms...and sure...their restaurants aren't exactly 5 star BUTIf you need a good room for a cheap price at the perfect location. Well my friends, Excalibur will always be there for you.Check out Dick's last resort...the staff is funny.  And really people....aren't you in Vegas to stir up trouble and drink till your livers shrivel up for the weekend??Cheapie room to crash in. Clean, well kept, and in a great spot on the strip. Well done Excalibur. That'll do.
3	It's an old tacky hotel, who saw better times during the 20 years it's been in service. BUT the beds are comfy, the rooms are clean and there is a large flat tv screen and free internet. You sleep really well, it's not too noisy and it's in a perfect location for a ridiculous price. Oh! And they re-did their pool area which is large even though it's missing a little bit more shade.
3	The updated tower is great with comfy beds, a flat screen tv and nice bathrooms at an unbeatable price.  The casino is tacky and old but I kind of like that.  The location is perfect.  The redone pool is nice.  The staff are usually unfriendly in general and we had a huge mess at checkout with my overcharged credit card that they NEVER fixed nor returned a phone call for and I had to do a charge back through my bank.
1	Wow! The bell hop said we couldnt use a cart, like it was his property, so after carrying a boat load of stuff,  I had to put something down briefly, in like 1 minutes time another hotel guest came up and stole it!! When I went to talk to security, the guy was acting like a complete jerk, coping a major attitude. I told him I didnt want to argue with him and would appreciate it if the manger called me, he took down my number and I never got a return call for the 4 days I stayed.  During my stay, I also previously stayed at The Riviera, who only charged me only $30 to get a late check out at 6pm!!!  Excalibur wanted $40 and wanted me out by 3pm!  I also did alot of gambling and was never offered a drink, the entire time. The view room is considered a room staring at the back of the castle, can't even see any of the strip. I said I was never going to stay there again when I visited in march, yet I found myself there again, so once again, I will never stay there again... And I mean it this time!!
3	If you are on a budget this is the hotel to come to. I actually stayed at this hotel/casino because it was cheaper than any hotels I found off the strip (and obviously being near the strip has it's perks). Some of the rooms are nicer than others although even the non-renovated ones (like I was in) aren't too bad. Plain and old fashioned but I was just passing through.It does suck that you have to pay extra for wi-fi. That was disappointing but I managed with a tethered iPhone. Overall it was pretty good...and inexpensive. And of course it has everything a Vegas hotel needs--a plethora of bars/casinos/food options on the first floor.
3	3.5 starsI had extremely low expectations. The wait to check-in at 12am  did not make it better. BUT, the coupon book that they gave us had a lot of great deals. The hotel room was cleaner than I expected. I especially love the blue and white theme, which really reminded me of a castle in a children's storybook. This hotel was booked about 100/night. Keep in mind that they have resort fees. It does not matter when you check, however early or late, they still charge you the resort fee for the dates you booked. Overall pretty decent.
1	The spa only gets one star from me. I would give less if possible. My friend and I were getting the $75 spa mani and pedi. It would have been a better experience to do it myself at home. First, they added an extra $15 for each of us for a "spa fee" for a total of $90 each. We were taken back to a small room together and our manicures consisted of getting our nails painted. That's it. The pedicure was toes painted and no foot/ leg massage, just a little lotion rubbed on your feet. This was on Wed. By Friday the paint on my fingers and toes was completely chipped. This was the biggest waste of money ever! $180 for this! What a total rip off!! I will do mine at home from now on or go to the Korean guy on the corner if I want a real mani/ pedi. It was was essentially $180 for two ladies to get there fingernails and toenails painted. Save your money and avoid this scam.
5	I loved the Excalibur!  I can't say enough about it.  However, if you don't like kids, then this isn't the place for you.  It's pretty much the only casino on the strip where you will see kids running around.  There is a kids section on the ground floor where there are all kinds of carnival games (and best of all - a DQ and Orange Julius *YUM*)There are 4 pools and one of which is adult only.  The alcohol at the pool is very reasonably priced - which is very important - and there is no shortage of servers that will bring all of the food/drink you can possibly consume so that you don't have to move an inch if you don't want to.  The vibe at the pool is a lot of fun.  When I was there, they tossed out a bunch of balls and everyone was playing with them - even the guys that were trying to Mack it with the ladies.The casino has an awesome atmosphere to it.  The staff would greet us by our names, often times before we even showed our player's card - perhaps that says something about our routine - but I digressHere's what you care most about - the roomThe bed was very comfortable - The room had many upgrades, but there were some areas that weren't upgraded like the shower - but I thought that it was perfectly fine.  The view was OUTSTANDING!  We had a perfect view of NY/NY.  The room was clean and without any problems.  Seriously though, how much time are you spending in your room in vegas?  The flat screen is a nice touch but again - who goes to vegas to watch tv?
3	Stayed here during Labor Day Weekend 2011.  This hotel was the cheapest vacation package I could get for this popular holiday weekend through Orbitz.  Not the caliber of hotel I tend to gravitate, however for a quick Vegas romp, this did the trick.  Actually, the "twenty dollar sandwich" did the trick and made all the difference:  http://www.thetwentydollartrick.com/My package came with a standard room.  After researching the Internet, the consensus was that Tower 1 rooms were sh*t and I needed to get upgraded.  So I discreetly inserted a folded twenty between my state ID and credit card when asked for identification at registration.  I asked if I could be upgraded and the receptionist acquiesced and placed me in a non-smoking Tower 2 Widescreen Room  with two Queen beds and updated decor.  Despite the somewhat uncleanliness of the bathroom, it suited my needs and the comfy beds helped me get some needed rest between my exploratory treks during the insanely hot days.  The air conditioner worked like a breeze and maintained a comfortable 74 degrees always.Including the stellar receptionist that upgraded me (well, motivated by money), the staff throughout remained helpful and pleasant.  The theme and general casino was tacky (as was many of the clientele), but suited those that tend to enjoy the 90's Vegas theme vibe or those who rather spend their money at the casino rather than on a glitzy hotel room.#Yelp 365:  038/365
2	Excalibur did not live up to expectation. I know that this place is more on the affordable side of Vegas's hotel scene but didn't know it would be that bad. The air quality is definitely not as good, because it was as if somebody smoked right in front of me. However, the reason I could only give two stars was mostly because of the mediocre lunch and dinner buffet I ate here. I couldn't remember clearly, but it was somewhere around $15 for lunch and more for dinner, but the quality of food was 'left-over' kind. Nothing was hot and sizzling as they should be, and really bare minimum variety. Dinner was nothing spectacular. If you tried to have second plates then you might be filled up quicker to leave. However, I did like their seating areas, very roomy and quite nice.The room was dark and gave out a "haunted" feelings. I don't know why, it just felt that way. Bathroom was fairly clean, but fan didn't work too well. The AC was thunder loud, but if you were really drunk, then you would have no problem like me.My review might sound like a heartless snotty b****  but I came to Vegas and I expected more, especially with the price I paid.
2	The Super 8 of the Strip. If you are looking for a cheap place, with good location, then here you go.  Just don't expect too much.
1	I read all the Yelp reviews warning about staying at Excalibur, but instead, we let our budget dictate where we stayed and ended up staying at the Excalibur after all and for the most part, regretting it.PROS:-Cheap. We stayed here mid-August for $32/night, plus resort fee...very good rate!-Family Friendly.....there's an arcade downstairs!-Cheap food court in hotel. They have everything, McDonald's, Quizno's, DQ/Orange Julius, Starbucks, Krispy Kremes, Chinese Food, coffee cafes at reasonable prices for the strip.CONS:-Excalibur is far, far, FAR away from the centre of the strip. You have to do A LOT of walking in the blazing hot sun across catwalks and through hotels to get places (unless you want to fork the money over for cabs).-Drab decor-No refrigerators (unless you want to pay $15/day)-A few minutes after we turned on the shower, it smelled like butt. Seriously, no other way to describe it other than butt. Luckily it went away after a few minutes, but I wasn't too impressed with that.-It takes a long time to walk to the bus stop (called the "Deuce"), which is by the Coca Cola Store.TIP#1 If you do stay here, bring a cooler and buy all your drinks ahead of time or at a grocery store or some place cheaper. Anything is cheaper than in the hotel...even the ABC/convenience type stores near Excalibur (especially for water)!TIP#2: If you want a sit down breakfast close to Excalibur, go over to "America" in New York, New York hotel instead of Denny's. You'll wait FOREVER to get a table in Denny's, but you can walk into "America" (FYI -Portions are HUGE at America, try sharing)Note: A taxi ride from the LAS airport to Excalibur will cost you about $15.OVERALL: This hotel was okay since it fit our budget, but all the walking in 115 degree F weather was too much....it drained our energy levels and our feet and legs hurt. I don't really care about decor when I'm on a budget....but next time, I'd consider paying a little extra just to stay in a more central location on the strip.
2	I just stayed here this past weekend for my friend's wedding.The only reason the hotel got a 2 stars is a) I have to remember that I get what I pay for and b) we had a great view out our hotel room.The smell in the lobby/casino floor is of stale cigarettes and old nasty carpets. Sure, I can get over that and hustle up to my room, but being "welcomed" by the scent is awful. The front desk were okay, quick but snarky, and were talking about other guests who were standing just down the counter from them, calling them names and complaining about them being high maintenance. Not classy, even if you are a cheaper hotel.The bedroom was nice, simple -- I upgraded to a Widescreen room (I would recommend the upgrade...only $30 or so). However, our shampoo/conditioner and body wash bottles were only 3/4 full, and there was no comforter on the bed...just three sheets. I excused it thinking, "Ya, it's hot in Vegas" but really, it's just cheap. The view outside our hotel was lovely, out over the pool and to the mountains, and the location of the hotel on the tram line between the Excalibur and Mandalay Bay was convenient.The coup de grace of disgusting however was when my boyfriend found mouse droppings when unpacking after our trip. Definitely not there when we traveled to Excalibur...Take your money elsewhere is the moral of this review.
3	Only making a review for the Hotel, not the casino as i'm not the gambler type.We stayed in Tower 2 for 1 night, and had a clean and spacious room, with a large bathroom, the beds were comfy and we had a good night. But nothing much more to say, no breakfast included. In the morning we used the pools as well, they were clean, and guarded good, the only thing I have to mention is the over protectiveness I noticed, but I guess it's an American thing we as Europeans weren't used to.We didn't have Wifi, but did have a cable internet in the room, which was a bit outdated, especially since most of us had mobile devices.
1	Just to begin this review of this hotel, I want to say that you should be warned that as of right now this place is going out of it's way to sell it's time share called The Grandview.  We were constantly and irritatingly molested by Philipinos in suits at every single entrance to the hotel and casino.  Even walking over to the Luxor we were molested to recieve "free gifts" that required you to give them $50 to go be at the mercy of some stupid time share demo.  Having to tell someone you aren't interested ten times a day when you use the bathroom next to the doors in the casino is unacceptable.  And they are just doing it to save money on advertising.  MORONIC!!Now for my review of this horrid hotel:For staying in one of the "new remodeled rooms", I had many baseline expectations that weren't met at all, when I put down these baseline expectations, note that we moved to THE ORLEANS after only one day staying here for 1/3 the price and had the opposite of every single one:1) The internet was cable only and as a computer geek, even I couldn't get it to work no matter what I did.  No WIFI to speak of.2)  No coffee maker, something that is standard even in every Motel 6.3)  The sheets had several rips in them.4)  No water pressure to speak of in the shower.5)  Old concaved mattresses.6)  EVERY line, from signing up for "MLife" to checking/out was about 30 minutes long.7)  Computers when we finally did get up to the head of the checkin/checkout lines, were down BOTH times.For the price we paid for the room, approx $99, for the one night, we SHOULD'VE had:1)  Refrigerators in the rooms.2)  The "WIDESCREEN REMODELED ROOMS" in Tower II had no HDTV to speak of, the reception was so bad that the 27" tubed tv from 1995 in The Orleans put it to shame.  Their technology should be well upgraded by now, it's 2011 and when you "remodel" something, it pays to update the hardware.3)  Where is the WIFI?  This was a MAJOR complaint, for the price of these rooms, you would think it wouldn't take much to put WIFI connections throughout the building and create a sweet network.  I could do it and I'm not even a professional.All in all, the bad things outweighed the good things, which were really nothing that great that I couldn't get it anywhere else or expect any less.  If you want to be molested by Philipino imports every second and be in a dirty expensive hotel then by all means, go here.If you want an awesome experience with no lines, great food, wifi, and don't mind being off the strip at $35 a night, then go to The Orleans.  Great GREAT experience here.
4	Okay this is not the MOST amazing hotel in Vegas BUT, it did its purpose and got a very nice free upgrade! I loved the theme and the child friendyl attractions! The buffet was cafiteria food gross and diner like I HATED IT. The rooms were clean and comfortable enough for me not to complain :) Yes, I will be staying there again!
2	Yea..... I have not been to Excalibur since I was a kid and will probably be awhile until I visit again.Excalibur was definitely one of the best as a kid.  To kids, medieval anything was cool (at least to me haha).  Knights, dragons, princesses, and wizards are all images I conjure up when I think of Excalibur.However, stayed here with a group of friends recently and man... the magic of this place is gone.  The water "moat" at the front is dry now.  It definitely shows its age and the crowd... is less family and more... odd.  With cheap prices, Excalibur now attracts the weird.. odd crowds and there's a lot of them.  Perfect example being this old dude with super long hair just spitting on to the carpet on the casino floor.  Nasty.  The whole place just feels... dirty.The midway games are still there but price has gone up per play so Circus Circus is still the best.  As for the rooms... old old old.  TV still the old school tubes, dark lighting, and beds creaks.  They were better than the low end hotels on the strip but it's due for a change.  In fact, the whole room needs to be spiffed up a bit, but I can understand why Excalibur/MGM would not care since now Excalibur markets toward to cost-conscious crowd.If I decided to go on a spontaneous one day trip to LV, then maybe I'll think of Excalibur.
2	It was tough to beat Excalibur's prices, but it was also tough to get the funky smell out of our room.Excalibur is great for those on a tight budget or maybe those who plan to use the room to sleep for a few hours and then head out elsewhere to party.  Decent casino area, nothing really special.  The Sportsbook was a little smaller than most, but had comfortable seating.  Didn't go in the pool, but from what I can see, it looked a little small, and somewhat basic, except for a cool looking slide. Also has some lower priced dining options.  Of course the rooms are pretty basic, but passable.  Popcorn ceilings and worn carpet show its age.  But then again, upgrades make the room price go up.  Excalibur may be up your alley if you're really looking for price and must be on the strip.
1	About 20 or so years ago Vegas was trying to market itself as a "family vacation destination". Luckily Vegas got smart and decided to stick to "adult entertainment", which it does best.Excalibur is a big, tacky reminder of this failed attempt at good clean family fun (with a little bit of naughty mixed in). The rooms are cheap and the location is great and if that's all you really care about, I say go for it. Because its Vegas, and all you really need a room for is sleeping and storing your stuff, right??? WRONG!You will spend more time in your room than you think, so be comfortable. A nice room & hotel accoutrements will also help get you in a Vegas state of mind.
3	I ended up in Vegas on a whim/two hour notice with three girlfriends who were all on a budget. We wanted to stay on the strip for under $75 a night and Excalibur was the only "name-brand" casino that fit the bill. I stayed here when I was a minor several times, so I pretty much knew what the expect taking into account that the place had aged 15+ years since I'd last been there. Excalibur is far from luxury or new, but it is really adequate for a cheap stay for a night or two in town. The location on the strip is actually pretty great, and a brisk walk to MGM, Luxor, Mandalay Bay, Tropicana, and NYNY. We did not use the pool, but it looked updated and actually kind of cool - although not the best choice for adults. Excalibur seriously lacks good eats, and the food court is HORRIBLE, but they do sport a Dick's.Overall, it was fine, not special, but inexpensive... and our room did NOT smell.
3	It would have literally been cheaper, for me to stay at Wynn/Encore, but for some reason, my aunt LOVES the Excalibur hotel. Fine, we'll stay here.At LEAST, we stayed in a suite. It was on the top floor, and the rooms were pretty nice.My gripe with Excalibur is pretty much the same as with Wynn/Encore...they're both on almost the complete opposite ends of the "happening" part of the strip.One more thing that I noticed...Excalibur is borderline ghetto, clientele wise. Every morning, as I walked through the casino lobby, I felt like I was in Riverside county, or, at best, Orange county. (Sorry Orange county, that's how I view your piece of CA)Oh, and if you have a nicer car, you may not want to come here, as most of the parking, is outdoors. It's not snobbish, it's just that, the sun can be pretty harsh, on car paint.
4	People seem to give stars without regard to the price.  I would say this is a 3 star hotel, BUT given the fact that it's nearly always the best value on the strip, it's a 4 star.The pool complex is good.  There is a pool for kids and one for 18 and up.  Also, you can get a cabana for a day for about 80$ during the week or off season.  The price fluxuates but it's always worth asking.  Can you beat that in Vegas?  The pool used to let you bring in an outside drink if you put in a plastic cup, but on a recent trip this was not the case.  I may or may not have purchased a half yard margarita, drank it, and re-filled it in the room to bring back to the pool, though.The excalibur is great for the budget minded.  There is a baja fresh, with solid meals for under 10$.  Also walk by Dick's Last Resort and they'll usually hand you a coupon for a free jello shot.  Not bad.The location isn't the best, but there is some good stuff nearby.  New York New York is right next door.  The Luxor, MGM, and Mandalay Bay are also nearby.  It's about a 45 minute walk to center strip.While there are a lot of families with young kids that stay there, Excalibur somehow strikes a good balance.  There are kids around, but they hardly if ever bother me.  Nothing like a Circus Circus type place.  I wouldn't take my kids to Vegas after what I've been through there :)The rooms are clean and seem modern.  I would rank them above the Flamingo, Imperial Palace, and other similar budget hotels.
3	Over Labor Day weekend, we stayed here for four nights.  And it was better than what I had expected.  It had been remodeled since I saw it last.  The room was spacious and the pillows were comfortable.  Other than that, it was like any hotel room.  Nothing special.The casino I feel has the worst ventilation system of any of the hotels I have walked through.  I felt like just walking to my room made my clothes reek of smoke.  I guess I am just used to Chicago with their smoke-free restaurants and bars.  I did like the pool area.  They have 3-4 pools with one of them having a slide.  It was nice cooling off in the water and just having down time with family.  Would I stay here again?  Probably.  The value is too good to pass up and seriously, most people don't stay in the rooms very much. It's pocket friendly which I am always a fan of.
3	We stayed here for one week and really enjoyed it. Compared to other hotels on the strip, this place is sort of a dump, however our room was clean and nice and comfortable. We found the beds to be very comfortable, and there was very little noise from the hall or other rooms. It's easy to walk from Excalibur to everywhere else on the strip, so if you get a good deal on a room here, definitely take it instead of paying more elsewhere. The casino is dark and a little smokey but it does have high "castle" ceilings. This place is so cheesy. It has a moat... No wifi but has ethernet cords in each room.
4	Fabulous! Super affordable, and just enough. Stayed here for a Friday and Saturday night - and had a great time! The Excalibur was clean, service was fast when I requested extra blankets/pillows/towels, and we partied LOUDLY in our room with no complaints!It's a little farther from the main part of the strip, but everything's pretty much a walk away anyhow. If I'm looking for a good deal next time, I won't mind looking into Excalibur again.
3	ok, so i don't visit Vegas often.....so i didn't stay in a bunch of different hotels.....so i am not very picky about the places i DO stay at.....but, what i do know is....Excalibur is good because:  - one of the cheaper hotels ON the strip - they have a fun little arcade "dungeon" for the kids (and the big kids) - the rooms are decent in size, clean, and comfy (Tower 1) - it has connecting walkways to the Luxor and New York New York  - they have non-smoking rooms to stay in... thank you baby jesusBUT, it is crappy because:  - the buffet kinda sucks, but its cheap... but it sucks - the ventilation inside the casino is crap, so it stinks. the cigarette smoke just circulates (the Venitian on the other hand has great ventilation) - they try to trick you into a "discount" trap by asking you to visit a new hotel/casino (its like what happens when you get tricked into a timeshare) - they have 3 pools, BUT they only open the biggest pool for use during the summer months.... the rest of the year it is closed, so the other smaller pools are over-crowdedALSO -  - just so you know, they do not have Wi-Fi, but they do have a data cable you can use for free in your room with a laptop overall, its not great, but  its not horrible, especially if you're trying to save a buck on hotels in Vegas.
1	Breakdown:Rooms - Terrible.  The room and furniture were old and low quality amenities in the rooms.  I read that the rooms were renovated, keep in mind that we did NOT stay in a renovated room (I thought all the rooms were renovated).  Put it like this.. showering the first morning my immediate thought was to check myself for bed bug bites (thankfully there were none).It is one of the cheaper hotels on The Strip but we didn't even feel that we got what we paid for it.  It's a nice location (the reason why we picked it) but in the future I would gladly pay more for a better room than the one we stayed.The casino and sports book are pretty small and not very exciting.  There was duct tape on the carpet holding down some temporary wires, etc.  It just felt blah inside.  The clientele and workers of the hotel/casino reflect the care level of the Excalibur.My buddy ate at the hotel buffet for breakfast one morning and said it was worse than the dorm food from college (thank goodness I slept in that morning).  Every hotel has a nice restaurant anchor, the Excalibur has Dick's Last Resort.  I think that says enough.
3	Went to Vegas the weekend of October 13-17th for my cousins wedding. We got a great deal on a room at Excalibur. We enjoyed the room- nothing fancy but clean and upgraded. My sister stayed at Luxor and other family at Mandalay Bay. It was very convenient going back and forth between hotels with the connecting walkways. The pools at Excalibur are really nice (nicer than Luxor for sure).  I have nothing negative to say about Excalibur hotel. I would stay there again.
4	Excalibur gave me the best 21st birthday party ever (week of October 17th) There was always something new to do.  Easy for a group of 3-5 people to stick together and not get separated. Great rewards program, and easy access to the rest of the Strip.  I seriously fell in love with Vegas at this hotel.  I can't wait to come back.
3	This place is a fun casino and hotel.  The rooms were clean and comfortable.  They have a fun atmosphere to place poker with live dancers, just outside of Dicks Last Resort.  Dick's is a very fun place to eat at inside of the casino if you like rude servers with an attitude and a sense of humor. We had a good experience here with everything except for the buffet.  Go somewhere else for the buffet.
3	I don't understand the bad reviews.  There is nothing special about this hotel but not bad IMO.  You get live music at the bars.  Beds and pillows are comfortable.  My only complaint is the grand view reps trying to earn your business.  Self parking and valet is available.  And you have a bridge to connect you luxor and mandalay bay.  Overall its not a bad hotel but at the same time there is nothing great about it either.
3	We stayed there Halloween, 2011. It was a nice enough hotel. On the plus, the room was large, the bed was very comfortable and the housekeeping staff was friendly and timely We also enjoyed the all day buffet pass. On the minus, they charged us $12.5 per day for services such as the fitness room even though we didn't use it once during our three night stay. We would have preferred to have other amenities such as a refrigerator in our room. Our biggest issue with the hotel is the Time Share employees by our room elevators constantly pushing us to stop and listen to their pitches for their time shares.
3	A good way to sum up Excalibur is "It is what it is"It's not a bad hotel, and it's not a great one. It's clean, safe, people are typically friendly. I like that side of the strip, and it's close enough to a tram. The resort fee is decent too compared to some others.But, it's older, and misses a lot of the fancy niceities that you get in the newer hotels. The decorations aren't great, AC (but no climate control), sheets and towels aren't great. But you get what you pay for. People complaining about it: if you really were expecting more from it, then you should have paid more and went to one of the newer casinos to get all those things you wanted. Do more research, people; it's no secret that Excalibur isn't the Bellagio, etcBut if you want a decent place to hang your hat for a reasonable price, it works just fine. Not great, but again, not terrible.
5	Oh Excalibur, oh sweeet sweet Excalibur. How I love you so.I am enamored by your hallways; they make me feel homey and warm. I love your lay-down pool areas. Your exterior...simply stunning especially at night. Forget the naysayers, I love my mini-Disney for adults. The room was comfortable. But please, my love, I wish you had better shows to choose from. As much as I liked the Australian BeeGees, I could not righteously see myself watching horses and revues. A comedy show? A play perhaps? I also hope that you will one day bring a nightclub that I can enjoy! I love your spaciousness and your great selection of slots. Not to mention, your craps with better odds. What draws me closer to you is your food court, and I admire your buffet. Mcds, cold stone, krisy kreme, under one roof? A most brilliant concept! Yes, I certainly do not mind your arcade as I go in there to a get a fix now and then. I appreciate your outdoor and indoor connections to other hotels. But you are the chief, you are my buddy.This is my love letter...just for you.
3	review for the casino floor.  3 & 1/2 stars.  i have written this joint off as ghetto & too big(lots of long-distance walking).  we had to walk thru before & after riding the tram.  i found the floor to be buzzing w/excitement & non-douchy young people 11pm on a sunday nite.  nice new carpeting. i can tell they have good management that makes the floor fun.  i wanted to play table games, but didn't have time.  dicks last resort had an awesome cover band rockin' .   i'll check out excalibur next time i'm nearby, & maybe eat at dick's .   i have recently found that single deck 21 is the way to go , cuz the dealers bust more than multi-deck
2	So.......Every hotel/Casino in Vegas has a theme. Along with that theme is the "crowd" it tries to attract.  What was Excalibur's?As soon as you walk in (from the Tropicana side walkway, there is Dick's last resort on the right.  Depending on the time, you might catch a gogo dancer across the way at the bar.  And on your left, is a statue of sponge bob and signs towards the arcade. It's like Circus Circus meets the Golden Nugget meets TaoI do love that they have $5 black jack, but so do a few other casinos.
1	For someone who has been to Vegas many times and stayed at motels and hotels countless numbers of times, this was one of the worst. Something you wouldn't expect from a themed hotel on the strip, right?Pros:  - I liked that the window of the room opened a tiny bit. Barely opened, but most rooms are completely sealed.- View was pretty nice even if most of it was the parking lot. Nice sunset, mountains, and people-watching.- TV was decent sized widescreen (but had a terrible picture)Cons: - Hardly a trace of the "Excalibur" atmosphere anymore- One bedspread smelled like a man's body odor, very gross. Hotel never ended up replacing it, we tried telling housekeeping but she did not understand and did not speak very good English.- The "ice bucket" looked like it was used to make another kind of "ice". It was burned very bad on the bottom, very weird and gross.- There was dried urine on the TOP of the toilet lid, again - very strange. What happened in this room?- Shower only, no bathtub. Most places like this have a shower-bath. Was kind of a bummer. Got up on the counter after walking miles and soaked my feet in the sink instead.The worst part? Below.Housekeeping entered our room without permission, while we were inside, TWICE. I found this to be very rude, as both times we had the "Do Not Disturb" sign on the door, and both times were way before our checkout time!! Our side of the door only locked from the outside after it was closed, so both times they knocked, and then after NOT being told to enter, because we were sitting around in our pajamas in the morning, watching TV, and in the bathroom busy getting dressed, they BARGE in and the second time I am in the bathroom, doing my hair and this dude barges in, rudely asks if we are checking out soon, I said yes? and he finally left. What the fuck? This has never happened to me at any hotel or motel, ever!If you're in Vegas, don't stay here. Stay anywhere but here.The only reason I didn't formally complain to Excalibur (other than Twitter, which they ignored) was because the room was in my friend's name and paid for by him, not me.
3	We just came in to check it out. It was, of course, medieval themed and it kept with the whole castle theme pretty good....except for the whole Sponge Bob thing it had going on. If I had more time I would have checked out the tournament of kings dinner show but I do understand it is as good as dinner shows go.
1	Incredibly smoky so they pump a foul acrid scent into the air near elevators and in the casino.  It made my nose sting and my throat sore.  The bed was like sleeping on a board; the floor would have been more comfortable.  No decent food places in the hotel/casino and the crappy ones in the food court close early.  The room service is only until 2 p.m.   Yes!  Really!  It isn't available after 2 p.m.  They have no wireless access.  Their buffet food was barely edible and even though it was one of the cheaper ones at $15 for lunch, the food choices made it more expensive since we ate very little of the slop.  They serve only American beers like Budweiser or Coors in their bars.  One bridge away and you can have decent beer, decent food, and a relatively decent atmosphere for a casino.
1	Stayed in the widescreen rooms, which are actually decent rooms.  The view from the outside of the hotel is awesome, like Walt Disney invaded Vegas.  What kills it are all the people trying to sell time shares.  I walked by a guy 3 times in 5 minutes, and each time was asked if I was going to be in Vegas long.  The customer service blows, nobody is friendly, and the casino smelled like a shoe.
1	I feel bad complaining since the room was so cheap, but some of the things were pretty bad.1. It was 40-50 degrees this past weekend we stayed and the heater was broken...brrrr!!! 2. We booked 2 rooms and asked that they be next to each other, we were initially on complete opposite ends of the hall. This was fixed after a quick phone call.3. The valet doesn't offer to help with your luggage or even ask if you need a cart for luggage...maybe I'm just spoiled? 4. Our friends' room was less than clean. There were what appaeared to be pubic hairs on the bathroom floor and an old jellybean on the side of the bed. 5. We usually left our room after noon and housekeeping NEVER once came to clean our room...usually they check back don't they? That's at least what I'm used to.6. Buffet was wiggedy whack...don't bother. It is comparable to microwave dinners. You're  probably better off getting a microwave dinner. 7. There are people every five feet soliciting free show tickets. Annoying. In all, this place is a good place to stay if you don't mind all of the above and are short on cash flow. I however, mind and will not be staying here ever again.
3	I stayed here for 4 days and 3 nights in Nov and the experience wasn't so bad.  The room and bathroom was clean.  The room is nothing fancy more like a motel feel to it.  Hallways are dark and dingy but your in a castle right, lol.  The walls are pretty thin, I had some noisy neighbors blasting their radio the first day but they weren't up all night so that turned out fine. The lines were pretty long checking in and out, around a 15 minute wait. The room was $300 with taxes and resort fees, Sat thru Tues.  It's a good cheap place to sleep but next time I think I rather find something in the middle of the strip.
3	I stayed here a few years ago as a poor college student on my first trip to Vegas.  The prices are great for the strip and the location is good too.  However, the entire hotel is horribly out-dated and smokey.  They definitely need to make renovations to keep up with all the other hotels.  The best thing going for Excalibur is the price.
3	Fulfilling my sons birthday wish of staying a night in the "castle" for only $39 is a great deal. This isn't a 5 star luxury resort but it's not bad. I've definitely stayed in worse rooms that I've paid more for. The beds were comfy there was air conditioning and the bathroom was big and clean. While there was no bath tub or huge flat screen tv I think this room was good. And for $39 what do you expect. I would not be afraid to tell my family to stay here when they visit.
1	STAY AWAY!! The manager "on duty" MARCO AZIPE is a huge A-HOLE who doesn't know how to do his job. I had a complaint and he started to get rude and condescending. I asked to speak to his boss and he told me "they hire him to take complaints" and he "is the highest person" there." Really? Call me when you don't have "on duty" at the end of your title. Most cocky person I have ever met.I guess he is working at the right place, sucky person, sucky hotel.0 stars!!!
1	Why a one star review?My room smelled like raw sewage.We complained to the front desk several times to fix the problem or change our room. They advised us the hotel was fully booked, but they would fix the problem.Their fix?A man came up to my room, plugged his nose unceremoniously at the overpowering smell of assholes and proceeded to spray a can of glade around the room for a solid two minutes. My room now smelled like someone was embarrassed they had unloaded a monstrous shit and was trying, unsuccessfully, to cover it up with cheap perfume.They did this twice.Further, the hotel is outdated, and the casino smells like a wet ashtray. Brutal place, do what you have to do, pay what you have to pay, to stay away from here. It is just not worth it.
3	You get what you pay for so that being said, it was cheap, and it felt that way.  We pulled up, walked a half a mile to the registration desk, to a mile long line.  Ok not a mile, but a good healthy line.  It did go faster than I thought it would, I was expecting to check-in and out at the same time by the looks of the line, but luckily I got to sleep here as well. ;-)  We got to our room and housekeeping was in it "getting the room ready"  aka sorta cleaning but more intrigued by the Maury Povich show on the television.  We asked if we could come in the room, she looked at us strange, understandably so, Im sure it was odd for a couple to come to the room that she was cleaning.  She asked for our key to make sure that we had the right room, which we did, and then let us in the room, while she finished making the bed, vacuuming and whatnot. Still watching the TV.  We just laughed it off....whatever.  The room was nothing great, nothing horrible.  There was a bunch of hair in the bathroom which is always off putting, and the toilet paper holder was so far away from the toilet I had to get my go go gadget arms to reach the TP.  It was a non smoking floor, however, due to the smell, I don't think that our last tenants abided by the non smoking policy.  They tried to cover it up, but that just tends to add insult to injury.  Had a hard time sleeping in the bed, but whatever, like I said you get what you pay for, and to me, saving some $$ for a good meal or two is more than worth it.  If you are on a budget and are okay with less than amazing service, stop by.  You won't be wowed, but you will have a place to stay.
2	The excalibur has some good points. The price was right. The location is great.The in-house McDonalds has a dollar menu. The room was comfortable and quiet.  Its true the decor is tacky, but if you are offended by tackyness Vegas isn't for you. The Excalibur has a major con: it is way too smokey. We never spent much time (or money) here because our lungs ached from the smoke. Stay here for the cheap room, but not much else. On our next trip to Vegas I think we'll pay a $100 more and breathe comfortably.
4	I stayed here a couple summers ago and thought it was great for the price! I had one of the rooms that hadn't been remodeled and yeah, it was pretty ugly but it was clean and the staff were all great.  The bathroom was freakin huge! A twin bed could have fit in there probably.Even though it's towards one end of the strip, it's actually a really good location and easy to get to everything from there.  There are so many good food and drink options within the hotel.  I wasn't too crazy about the pool area.  I think that is because the pictures online were a little deceptive but it was nice for lounging at.They didn't have  a microwave, fridge, or coffee maker in the room.  I'm always bummed when places don't have that stuff but I got by fine.I would stay here again for a quick, budget-friendly weekend getaway.
2	One of the cheaper places to stay on the strip, but they definitely need to up grade the rooms. Seems as if the only things they've really upgraded in the rooms are the beds and tv (which can swivel). Other than that everything else is pretty old school.
2	This place is way over rated.  Cheap rooms but they make you feel like you are in the 70's for sure.  The outside is amazing but the inside needs some work.  There were stains all over the carpets in the rooms as well.  The buffet line was too long so we opted out to eat outside of the hotel.  Good thing is they have a military discount but you need to call the phone number for the hotel to get it.  We watched the Chris Angel I believe and I am so not a believer anymore.  This show was so fake and so obvious about it.  I was more amazed on idea of staying in the castle I just prefer to stay somewhere else next time around. At least we got two free jello shots at Dick's Last Resort.  Also, we spent a lot mor etime out of the room then in the room so for the price to crash not bad just don't expect much comfort.
2	So I stayed here last weekend from Thursday to Sunday.It was my first time in Vegas so I didn't really know what to expect.. but as the weekend went on and I walked inside some of the neighboring hotels, I suddenly realized this one was more on the low end side.The casino looks clean and its spacious... and of course they have a girl dancing by the party pit, half naked.But the hotel part wasn't as good.. the employee sitting behind a stand where our rooms were by, was VERY rude. My friend asked him if he knew where our room was. our paper said 8-10-48 and we didn't know what the heck that meant. He right away snaps at my friend and says (after sighing) "It says it right here! 8th floor and room 1048." daaaang can you say rude?! He was talking to her like if she was stupid.. Obviously we didn't know what the numbers meant, otherwise we wouldn't have asked!So we get to our room and its TINY! yea it had the 2 beds we asked for, BUT there was barely any walking space on either sides of the bed. The heater for the whole tower was on I guess because it was wayyy too hot! every night I had to sleep with the AC on :(Oh and I almost forgot to mention.. We didn't get any room service till the last day we were there (saturday) when we arrived on Thursday! and it was only because we flagged down the lady cleaning and asked her to go to our room. Next time I will NOT be staying at this hotel.
2	It's like RennFest, only...not nearly as hilarious.The carpets are dirty and grimy and the "stores" are lacking.  I will say that from the outside, at night, it looks *amazing*...but that's probably as close as you want to get.  Which is pretty sad because I'm pretty much a fantasy/SCA/Renn-fest freak and one would think that this would be right up my alley.  Yeah...not quite.However, if you are looking for uber cheap lodging right in the heart of the Strip...this isn't bad.  Just don't expect a magical experience.
3	Tower 2 is where you want to stay. It is remodeled, the rooms are great, and you also can have a serious view of the strip. One down side was that the walls seemed thin and I could hear some other people next to us in the morning. Other than that, we had a decent stay, far away from the smoking and you couldn't even tell. We stayed only for 1 night, ended up gambling most of the night away and left the next morning. I would come back to this hotel though.
1	I really dislike this hotel. It smells like smoke. It is dirty. The rooms are awful (once we stayed here for one night years ago...and there was blood on the sheets). Even when you are getting comp drinks at the bar while playing on the machine - they can't comp you any higher then "well" vodka.I know you don't really end up staying in your room alot while you are in Vegas but...I just can't stay here.
3	Good for the price! In a pinch I found myself staying here and really why do you need luxe in Vegas? Most of the time I'm out and about and when I'm done, I'm just looking for a place to crash. Is it old? Yep. Kinda smelly? Uh huh. Ghetto with tons of kids running about? Absolutely. But if you're looking for a place just to rest your head and you didn't plan ahead Excalibur fits the bill. It's loads better than Tropicana which is about the same price. Plus, it has the Tournament of the Kings which is hilariously corny but fun and cheap either way.
2	Stayed here with the family from Nov 28-Dec 2nd. When I booked the room I paid extra for a "view room" We had a view alright-Of the parking lot!!! We called the front desk and asked to be moved to a room with a view of the strip. The person on the phone informed us that none of there rooms faced that way. My brother also got suckered into this as well. Very misleading we definently will not stay here again.
3	Its no Vdara, but i still had a good time. haha....Rooms have been slightly upgraded, so for the Excalibur, its pretty decent place to sleep in.... take a taxi and venture out to the rest of Las Vegas Blvd.
2	I stayed here with my boyfriend for our 3 year anniversary. It wasn't the best looking hotel. The rooms were mediocre; reminded me of a motel rather than a hotel. The outdoor structure of the hotel is beautiful, but the inside needs a desperate upgrade. The buffet was ok; I had better ones off the strip. The only reason why we chose to stay here was because of the affordibility. Big mistake! I'm sure there were other affordable hotels on the strip that we could of stayed in. Lesson learned!
4	I'm a local.We go on staycations.Just stayed here last week for 2 days... For my 30th bday actually :) My husband wanted me in a 'castle'.. cute huh! It was perfect for what amenities we would be needing. And the VIEW WAS AMAZING! We had a widescreen view room for a small upgraded cost. The room was perfect. Decent size. Access on wall to control your AC/heat. New comfortable beds. All feathered pillows. Everything in room was new & updated except for shower door.. random. WINDOW OPENED like 4 inches , YaY. Mirror that extended from wall to do my my makeup :) WiFi in each room & is included in your daily resort fee.As I sat on the toilet the 2nd day... I yelled out to my husband that I could not believe how clean the bathrooms were & the whole room was super clean actually! It was amazing. So everything about this room was perfect for what we would be needing it for. It's only 1.7 miles to Ceasar Palace. For my husband & I that wasn't far at all. For some that might be too far but its super close to other popular casinos :)
1	If you're going to pay their rates, go spend it somewhere else.  The employees suck big time!  Nobody cares about you, they just see you as "tip money".  They look at you and figure out how much you are worth and talk with you accordingly.  Front desk has the worst customer non-service ever.  Ask questions and they mumble answers and point to a booklet and tell you what the upgrade price is and make you hurry to answer them.  They don't tell you that if you join the "M" club, you can defer your upgrade from points.  We had to learn the hard way.  We "upgraded" and I wouldn't call that an upgrade, we faced a wall with a/c units.  Ugh. Rooms were "dark".  Someone broke glass in the hallway and it took four days for housekeeping to notice and finally vacuum it up...duh.  If you are going to pay the price....go to Bellagio or something comparable, this hotel doesn't need your moola.  You can lose it in the machines...that would be maing better use of your lost money!
4	I wavered between three and four stars for this place, but since I'm attempting an overall rating, I went for four.  The lady at reception was really nice and informative.  Since my booking came with a free buffet for two, she pointed us to the best one on the list, which turned out to be delightful.  I was actually nervous after reading a lot of reviews about this place reeking and being run down, but was pleasantly surprised when I walked into a fresh, clean room.  The water pressure was slightly weak, but it wasn't unbearable.  Also, what really pushed me to the fourth star was the view.  Half the time, we found ourselves just sitting, pregaming and admiring all the wonders of Vegas out of our window.  This is definitely a hotel where you get what you pay for, but considering you aren't paying much, it certainly beats a motel six or econolodge!  I would definitely stay here again!
2	I had to think real hard about this review. I was in tower 1.Pros: Room was $35 weeknight, $65 weekend. That's just dirt cheap for vegas. Food court: McDonalds, DQ, Baja fresh, krispy kreme, wetzles pretzlesBridge to mandalay bay and luxor, outside bridge to nyny mgmnot crowdedCons: buffet was nothing special rooms were like staying in a holiday inn not vegas glam luxurybathrooms haven't been remodeled since the 80s and show wear furniture in the rooms show visible wear and tear and look garbageyNo room service after 2 pm. I maybe would have given 3 stars if it weren't for this. I'm from LA, and if I was spontaneously going to Vegas for a night of drunk shennanigans, I would stay at excalibur again. Its a place to sleep with lots of cheap eats and easy access to better casinos. If I was going for a special occasion or I wanted "the vegas glamorous experience" I would definitely not stay here. Like I said, its basically a holiday inn on the strip.
3	So usually when I make a Vegas trip, I'm up for staying at wherever is cheapest. Because honestly, you're not going to be partying in the hotel room all night. You're going to be out and about! Sure maybe some pre-gaming in the room before the club is a must, but other than that, I just need a place to knock out after the sun comes up and your partied out lol. Thats just me though.The last time i stayed here was Labor Day weekend of this year and i was able to book for $79 a night! And that was last minute too. Cheap! We saw Afrojack and Skrillex at XS that weekend and it was great! We spent less money on our room and were able to spend more on partying!The room we had was a standard with two queen beds in the new tower. It was good for the price. It was a non smoking room with windows facing the pool. Well we smoked anyway but the thing that sucked was we could only open the window a crack! I guess they dont want people jumping off the 11th floor into the pool lol.Man this is a lame review i know. But i can honestly say that i would stay at Excalibur again if I need a cheap room directly on the strip.
3	The entire lobby is very smokey. The lamps were broken when we arrived, and service took a while. The sheets weren't very clean and the bathroom just was not up to standards. Overall, a good place to crash for a night or two, especially for the price. But nothing fancy.
2	This place looks like Candyland. I'm a dungeons and dragons junky and even I think this place is tacky. Rooms are very out-dated as of 2011 and there is security at both towers, making it difficult for men to hire consenting adults to visit them.The valet is a bit of a cluster, though self-parking is often a fast alternative for a woman on a tight schedule.There are a few decent and discrete rendezvous spots in the casino itself.
4	Had a great stay.  Got bumped up to a better room by the really nice desk guy.  Huge shower, bathroom, great beds.  Easy to make your way around the hotel.  The "resort fee" is still crap, but still cheap overall.  Great location.  Would def stay here again!
2	Hotel Room:I stayed in the Standard Deluxe Widescreen room - Two queen beds with a 42" flat screen TV, safe, bathroom with granite countertops (standing shower, no tub), alarm clock with iPod capability.I was very dissatisfied with the room.  I understand "you get what you pay for" but I did not pay for a DIRTY room with broken fixtures and loud door slamming by hotel maids during sleeping hours!  Let me list the reasons for my dissatisfaction:- The sink was terribly grimy, it actually had the previous guest's dried toothpaste still lingering.  - The shower drain was clogged, which meant I had to shower with my feet soaked in dirty water!  NASTY and GROSS!- The bedside table lamp did not work.  - The furnace covering was broken.- The WORST PART:  My room was located near the housekeeping room and as a result, I heard constant door SLAMMING throughout the night and into the morning.  Needless to say, I did not have good sleep AT ALL.  Casino:On the contrary, I enjoy gambling at Excalibur.  There are many games including 5 cent Video Poker (my fav).  The Poker Room is smaller when compared to other casinos but Excalibur offers a wheel spin where one can win bonus cash.  The Sports Room is also smaller when compared to other casinos.Location:Excalibur Hotel is located at the southern end of the Las Vegas Strip.  There is a convenient walkway connecting Excalibur Hotel to New York New York (and subsequently MGM).  There is also convenient tram service to and from Luxor and Mandalay Bay.
3	Hey man, for an aging, 21-year-old hotel on The Strip, it's doing pretty well. It's pretty well kept and the carpet is clean. I'm surprised it hasn't gone down hill more. It could do with some upgrades, but it's pretty "vintage" compared to the other stuff on The Strip. It's one of the last places you can actually take your family, as it has an arcade, and an even more decent arcade (Gameworks) not too far away.
1	Watch the illegal maids.  They will steal anything.  They are the worst!!
1	I think when this hotel was first built it was based upon Vegas becoming a family resort instead of sin city as it was suppose to be. My how time have changed, what old is new again and it goes by the saying, "if it ain't broke don't fix it." Well, the time have passed this place by, the place is a bit tired looking and given the entertainment below ground there is this smell of horse poop that lingers with you. I was lucky not to get a room here, but I would say this is a place stay aways from.
2	Oh my, I cant believe I haven't written a review about this hotel and it was my 1st Vegas hotel I've stayed in!So for my 1st Vegas trip my cousins who has been to Vegas a handful of times took charge and booked everything! We arrived at 10pm friday night and it wasnt busy at check in maybe 10 mins total and we were on our way to the room. Hotel was kinda outdated but some rooms were updated with  flat screens and what not, which we were able to get one of those rooms. The only complaints about the room was that  the bed was hard, room still smelled like smoke in a Non-smoking room and one night a handyman came to our room saying we called for someone to fix the tv?! Strange. We also ate at their buffet which wasn't that good, everything was kinda boring! I most likely wont be staying at this hotel again cause its also at the end of the strip!
5	Only for the gambling. I love playing slots here.  Won 10K. Have won other times. Not as big though...but either way on the up and up here.This Casino is a winner all the way around. It's done me good and for that I love it.
1	worst hotel on the strip...well, take that back...2nd worst (Circus Circus Oh My!).  completely in need of renovation inside and out.  my friend said the hotel room was so bad that they should pay you to stay there.  yeah.  the interior is one big labyrinth, and an ugly one at that!  i remember puke-y yellows and golds and whites and dirtiness everywhere.  ugh.  i know its cheap to stay here, but under no circumstances should you do so.
3	We have not stayed here personally, but last March we came to Vegas with a "friend couple" of ours and they stayed here. They had one of the "refurbished" rooms and it was surprisingly nice. Cute brown bed spreads with modern decorative pillows, nice dark furniture and a flat screen tv. The bathroom was huge as well, which is always nice (good counter space for make up). I do have to say I'm a little scared to see what the old rooms look like...hehe. Anywho, for the price and the fact that it is on the strip, you really can't beat it. Other reviewers are complaining about the most comical things...like that there is no bath tub-when have you taken a bath on vacation in Vegas? Not getting perfect sleep...Again, you're in Las Vegas...Slamming of doors...that happens in all hotels. I mean really people, for 40-70 bucks a night, these are things you really shouldn't be complaining about. If you want luxury, go to the Paris or something like that! You get what you pay for, and I think for the price this is very reasonable. The room was clean, nice size, beds were comfy and the Casino is fun. We are staying here in March 2012 so I will let you know from my own experience how it is.
1	This hotel SUCKS! Its dirty, and smelly the moment you walk in. Avoid this one bitch,   Alisha at the blackjack tables! She's rude as hell.
4	this is a review for the remodeled rooms.  came to this hotel during the last week of december and stayed for only one night.  very good price as usual, less then 100 bucks.  excalibur also allows you to 'upgrade' to a better room for only 5 dollars more...so we went for that.  I have to say the remodeled rooms are a big improvement compared to the older one's.  to be honest nothing is wrong with the older rooms...there just...old :P.  the new rooms were great, new carpet, hd tv, new bed frame, the works.  the bed wasn't that comfy my gf said...but to me i think it was pretty good.  they remodeled the bathroom as well, much better then before.  I guess my advice would be this:  if you wanna stay on the cheap, this hotel is much better then other cheap hotels like circus/cicrus.  also, its worth spending another 10 or 15 bux to get the remodeled rooms.  i'd say 4 stars if you stay at a remodel room and 3 if your staying in one of the classic rooms
2	well........ it upset myself that I have to give a 2-star to excalibur hotel.  I used to love staying here because I get comp from mlife for as many nights I want and with a lot of play money.  Now a day, I have to pay to stay at Excalibur, but still at a discounted rate like less than $50/night.The reason that I have to give such rating is because I had a bad experience in my last visit.  I was using one of the towels provided by the hotel and I was using it to dry my face.  The second I put in my face, it smelled like poo in smoke (this is how bad it smelled).  Gosh, I was so mad!! It was horrible.... I then called the housekeeping department and they apologized and told me that they will send someone with the new towels.  A male housekeeper came over with the towels and handed them to my husband.  He just threw to my husband's hands and immediately walked away.  He threw the towels and of course the towels dropped on the floor. .... really terrible service.... I also tried the buffet I think it was $32 for one day buffet at excalibur and luxor.  It's not worthy.  The food is not very good, no seafood, and not really tasty. Now I only go to excalibur for their table games sometimes because they always have low limits like $5.
4	The beds were very comfortable and the rooms were clean.  The shower is HUGE.  We stayed in Tower 1, there was a pretty big flat screen tv (even though Tower 2 is supposed to be the "widescreen rooms").  Had EXCELLENT service from the valets, front desk, Mlife players club, and craps dealers.  There is a food court with Krispy Kreme and several sit down restaurants including Buca di Beppo.  Great location on the strip!  Had a lot of fun!  Would stay here again!  My only complaint is that the blankets for the beds are pretty thin, I'd recommend getting an extra blanket when checking in.  The internet is not wifi, it is hard wired broadband.  However, I did some research and brought my own router from home and that worked great!
1	I've never given a hotel just 1 star before.I'm here for a family occasion, but I like Vegas for the excitement, and things to do, pretty much other than gambling. I thought the castle-thingy was cute for my 4 year old daughter. It was... she was so impressed when we got here, and not really knowing any better, I think she still is. She's the only one who will leave impressed at all.Symbolic was a beer bottle left in the corner of an elevator when we checked in at 4PM. Same bottle was still there at 10PM. Wallpaper in my room is peeling off on the bedroom wall that has the shower on the other side. The clothing closet has no doors on it. Every time you walk thru the lobby, a guy will try to pull you over to an agent who wants to sign you up for a tour of the Grandview Hotel, and in exchange, they'll comp you a show or two, maybe some time at the Excalibur. I didn't do it, and now that I've read horrible things about the timeshare organization RCI that promotes this, I certainly won't.I'm here on yelp to leave this review, and to find a more suitable hotel for the rest of our stay.  You do get the feeling that management here isn't paying attention, and they might not be getting paid to actually do so. I'm kicking myself for not checking reviews before we reserved, but since it's right "on the Vegas strip", I never would have imagined it could have been like THIS.  I supposed that--if I was gambling--I'd have given them an extra star. This place is BARE BONES, and your bones friggin' STINK!
2	A GREAT value for your money IF you get the rennovated rooms in tower 2.However, the casino and the buffet are pretty disappointing. My advice is to get your room here and expect to party elsewhere.
2	This used to be one of my favorite places as a child b/c of the Knights of Excalibur show.  Then 10 years later, I realized how tacky this place was but it's a good, cheap option.
1	I think I would rather stay at a prostitute filled motel on PCH! The first room we got was FILTHY! The spreads were ripped and tattered, the drapes were splattered with something nasty, and the dresser was chipped  and raggedy. AND THIS IS SUPPOSED TO BE THE UPGRADED ROOM!  There is no tub, microwave or mini fridge, and the "complimentary" ($12.50 nightly fee) high speed internet isn't WiFi!!  I mean who uses wired internet these days???
4	This place is not bad! C'mon people! Compared to the rest of the hotels on the strip, this hotel is significantly CHEAPER!I last stayed here about a year ago and paid $30 for one night. I didn't spend much time in the actual hotel except to sleep and it was very clean and enjoyable.However, when booking this, I was so hesitant due to a previous stay from 6 years ago. 6 years ago, the room smelled so musky and the beds were so lumpy and squeaky. But I told myself that it wouldn't be bad since most of my time was going to be spent elsewhere. Needless to say, it was great! The room was much cleaner from the one I stayed in 6 years ago and smelled clean!No issues here.
3	We just got back from Vegas and we stayed at Excalibur.PRICE: FairCUSTOMER SERVICE: Fair, but the lady should not have been chewing gum.CASINO AREA: Moderately clean, Elevators were filthy with trash.BEDROOMS: Clean and had all the necessary amenities.  The walls seemed really thin because EVERYTHING can be heard from the room next to oursOVERALL ENVIRONMENT: EnjoyablePARKING: We had reservations and the valet was completely full.  They need to reserve valet parking for people who have reservations. We were not happy with that.  People who came to just gamble and sight-see took up the valet parking.When you compare this hotel to the Venetian or Paris, it does not compare. If you compare it to the motels or the much older casinos on the strip, it seems OK.
4	Cheap fun place the croupiers were so friendly and helpful. Our  room was clean and had everything we needed.  The bed was very comfortable we had a widescreen tv and a great view of the Luxor and airport.  Walls are on the thin side but I have found this a common problem in Vegas. The bars are fun and the cocktail waitresses come around frequently. It is an economy hotel if you are looking for 5 star quality then this is not the place for you if you are looking for a cheap fun place close to everything then come here
3	We stayed here on my first Vegas trip with my 6 year old daughter.  She LOVED the castle theme of course.   Fairly easy check-in except we were told there was an additional 20.00/night per room (we had 2 rooms) for a "resort fee".   That added quite a bit to our thinking we got a good rate thru Orbitz!  The pool was ice cold and opened  very limited hours so my 6 yr. old was quite disappointed.  We stayed in Tower II which apparently has been remodeled.  The beds were comfy, we had a nice flat screen TV, stand up shower and granite counters in the bathroom.   Not bad except the room was bare of any amenities.   We all complained there wasn't even a friggin' coffee pot in the room.  We had to schlump downstairs in the morning for our caffeine fix and pay a ridiculous price of around $6.00 at one of the coffee carts.   For the price, I thought they could have done a better job with the rooms as far as perks.  As previous reviewers said, the whole place reeks of cigarettes.  YUCK.   I know it's Vegas and the casinos allow smoking,  but the hallways and elevators smelled really bad.   My daughter loved the arcade games on the lower level and there are some cool shops, Mcdonalds and other fast food restaurants upstairs.    Overall, I rate this experience a 'C' and will stay elsewhere next time.
4	Personally I love this place. It fits my price range, not too cheap, not too expensive. Plus its close to a lot of other stuff on the strip. Why would you want a crazy expensive room that you're only gonna sleep, shower, and crap at? Just save some money and stay here. Everybody dance now!
2	First off, we only ended up staying here because of an impromptu trip and needing a place to stay immediately.  The rooms are unimpressive and the atmosphere was ehh.  Only go to the buffet if you like macaroni salad and little night life.The only reason this isn't a 1 star review is that we didn't get stabbed.
2	Ok hotel if you like empty promises.  We booked last minute directly through the hotel and purchased the promotion with free buffets and a king size bed for both nights. Needless to say that all changed upon our arrival. It's a total shame that the hotel does this. We had our email receipt which does not include their hotel policy and had to negotiate/complain in order to get what we had purchased. Upon check out we discovered some discrepancy and while we waited for the manager we watched as two other customers were visually angry and arguing with the check out employees. Just sad!  I have never stayed at a hotel and seen this. I do not recommend this hotel unless you are willing to fight for what you paid for. In the end the 2 stars is because we slept well with minimum distraction and finally had out bill resolved at check out. (I think mostly because we talked to the manager rather than chewed him out)!
2	A place to sleep
3	I have been to this hotel several times and the only reason we keep coming back is because it very cheap for being so close to the strip. All of the other hotels around are pretty expensive. We got a non-remodeled room, because it was the cheapest option, and it was just OK. They told us when we made the reservation that they have upgraded some of the things in the room so I was expecting there to be new things. The only thing that was new in the room was the TV and everything else was very old. On our second night we walked the strip and when we came back to our room our key card would not work. We tried several times to get into our room and it just wasn't working. So we went to the registration desk told them our key card wasn't working and they gave us new ones and told us to keep them away from other credit cards and cell phones. So we go back to our room and try the new key cards and they still didn't work. At this point we were mad, went back downstairs and complained. They told us they will send security and they will be able open the door for us. 10 minutes later security comes up and tries getting into our room. Well that didn't work either. So he called engineering to come open the door. He left and we waited 15 more minuets for engineering to come and he finally was able to unlock our door with this hanger looking tool. So after an hour we were able to get in our room and go to sleep. The engineer told us to call the locksmith in the morning so he could check it out. So the next morning we call the locksmith and he comes to our room and tells us our key card reader is dirty. I'm thinking "sure it is" and he cleans it. We only had one more night at the hotel so I wash't going to make a big deal and change rooms but I would have if we were staying longer because I am sure the same thing would happen again in the future. So overall, I had a pretty good experience here but my only advice is to pay a little extra and stay in the remodeled rooms.
4	LONG LINE to check in! Mind you I only paid $35 for my hotel - so I wasn't too upset to wait 30 min to check in. Got to the service desk and they didn't have my reservation :-(  checked account statement and no charge even though I have a confimation #.... booked online again for the same price (booking at the counter would have been $55)... the lady was extremely apologetic and gave us free room upgrade, free drink tickets and a coupon booklet :-) we also used their free baggage checkin. The only downside is the shower head felt like a whole bunch of needles coming at you at once.... Otherwise a great hotel!!!!
4	Cool ass hotel :) I remember coming to the Excalibur when I was small. Barely, but I remember the huge castle like exterior that still looks just as cool. We gambled a few times here since its connected to the Luxor where we stayed. We wanted to try eat at Dick's but never made it :(. We did buy some Krispy Kreme doughnuts though :) something we don't have on Oahu. One of the great, older hotel/casinos that you can have in and not worry about being classy or mature :)Visited Aug 2011
2	This was definitely not the worst hotel experience I've ever had. And I accept that if I want to travel to Las Vegas on my budget certain sacrifices need to be made in the way of lodging arrangements. However, I still expect a reasonable amount of customer service. Nobody answered the phone when we were freezing at night and needed more blankets because theirs were thin like one might prefer if it were summertime. And I waited on them to answer for at least ten minutes. I also expect the staff to all have the same and accurate information when it comes to general questions about simple things like late check-out. Thinking you can sleep in then having to run through the hotel casino still half-asleep in your pajamas to change keys (no, they don't do this on computers, fuck computers) is not a fun time.If you twisted my arm I might stay here again. But I'd rather not.
4	Very nice. Comfy bed and nice flat screen tv. The only problem is that the remote didn't work and the internet needed to be plugged in to your laptop. Thought it was funny but hey internet is internet and it got the job done. Only problem is that I couldn't get wifi for my iTouch because NO WIFI. Anywhoos, it hadd a lot of places to munch at, a mini midway game place which nobody wants to go to. You can to NewYork NewYork which was very useful! Oh and the price was great! Maybe I'll stay again next time if I can't find a cheap place.
4	Never stayed here.  My friends and I came here for the thunder from down under show!  Before the show, we explored and gambled at the casino.  Great gaming and atmosphere!  Great night out!
2	This is an awesome hotel if a bunch of friends plan on going to Vegas, getting wasted on the strip, and don't want to pay a lot for a hotel room they aren't going to spend a lot of time in.  The location is good, on the southwestern area of the strip.  I stayed here for work a few years ago, so who can complain about a paid trip to Vegas, right?  I wouldn't stay here again though, unless I went back in time to my college days where money was tight and the girls didn't care where they laid down.
1	Absolute worst hotel I have ever stayed at.  They forced us to pay a 15 dollar "Resort Fee" which they charge to everyone per day you stay there.  They said that the fee is for internet use, pool access, and fax use.  This would be reasonable if the POOLS WERE OPEN and their internet was only accessable through wired internet hookups.  All 4 of their pools were closed and they were unsympathetic.   When we got to our room, it stank of vinegar and we could hear the people next to us talking through the paper thin walls.  We were constantly harrassed by employees trying to get us to participate in a timeshare presentation.   From what I hear, this is the new norm in ANY MGM owned hotel including LUXOR.   The rooms were bare bones, and I even paid for a deluxe room.  It did not come with a microwave, fridge, or a view.  Instead I had a view of a parking lot.Woke up to the sound of everyone slamming their doors shut as they left.  We will not be back.  I will recommend to all family and friends that they stay in other hotels.
2	A cheap stay on the Strip, and it's connected by indoor walkway to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. Decent fast food in the food court (like Krispy Creams, Auntie Anne's, and a Buca de Beppo). The room was plain as can be and had wired internet connection. At least the wire was long enough to reach most of the room. The rest of the place was kind of like the room: plain and serviceable. A castle theme is right up my alley, and this place does a fair job of it. But the Lynyrd Skynyrd restaurant is a menace. Karaoke is fun when you're doing it, but listening to the horrible singing while trying to have a decent game of poker was annoying. I feel bad for the dealers and servers in earshot of this place.
4	solid hotel, rooms are inexpensive and clean. interior decor is not overly dated and food court has reasonable offerings. They have some of the latest slot games, so the gaming is not too bad. Poker room turn out could be better. Only a few live games going and the poker tournaments are only a couple of tables full for $50. Took 4thtoo and got some $ back so cant complain too much.
2	As far as casino hotels in Vegas go, this is one of them.  The floor layout is marginally easier to navigate than the MGM Grand diagonally opposed, or NY NY directly opposite; it has a few watering holes that are low-key and friendly enough, even going so far as to only charge me $5 for a near-pint of ale.  However, it's not the most updated joint, and I'm fairly sure they market to the low-end consumer.Rooms are decorated in a kind of weird para-medieval theme, which makes sense since I'm staying at Medieval Time writ large.  The A/C unit is loud, and about thirty years old.  Maybe 35.  It also blows the curtains around, so sleeping is a lot like attempting it near a helicopter.  I managed to get the window open, so I'm just choosing background street noise over the Huey Cobra ambiance.The bathroom is also a 1977 special.  Some updates, like large tile, are amusing paired with showerheads from the 60s.  Individually-wrapped plastic cups are an ironic "Death by plastic" thematic touch.  Also, house staff will place your soap in one of the cups, because soap dishes did not exist in 13th century England.The cable modem is almost daring me to hack it.  I leave it alone, because for whatever reason, wired Internet here is fantastic.  No WiFi, but I absolutely do not care.  Great speeds, almost makes up for the single bar of 2G connectivity I get in Tower 1 (VZW).  TV is a flat-screen, which is nice, and zero movie channels, which is offset by the ridiculous download speeds.  I strongly suggest packing an HDMI or VGA cable with your laptop if you stay here.The elevators are frequently littered by the aforementioned low-end target demographic.  Staff simply cannot keep up with the myriad ways in which the lowlifes decorate the floors with french fries.  The hallways are also under attack from these reprobates.  Good times.I haven't gone to the pool yet, and think I will just skip it.  It's a cheap place to stay with good walking connections to other casinos, and while I'm probably not going to return here if I can manage it, it wouldn't be the worst place I've ever stayed, either.-C
3	This place wasn't too bad.  For a hotel and casino being inthe strip, you definately get bang for your buck.  After staying in "classier" hotels i don't think I'll be staying here as a guest.  The gambling here is a different story, i love gambling here.  Seemed like when shooting craps dealers and players knew what they was doing..last thing anyone buddy wants is when someone is messin with their money...dumb asses asking "whats a horn high yo" blah blah blah...get some lessons and dont mess up everybody's momentum (not sure if i spelled that right).all and all, bang for your buck...remember, when it comes to vegas, you get what you pay for.  Don't expect anyone calling you "mah lady" or "Mi lord"
3	Okay, this hotel...definitely not the classiest. But with the deal we got, I have to give it at least 3 stars. The hotel itself is for sure geared more for children. You can tell this is an older hotel that hasn't been remodeled much. The room we stayed in had some funky odor... model/smoke/vomit maybe... and it looked like it was a flash back from the 70's. We had the deluxe suit, which is the most basic room. But like I said, for the price, you really can't beat it. And do you really spend much time in your hotel anyway? Not necessarily. It's at the end of the strip, so lots of walking. There is a okay selection of fast food establishments and Buca de Beppo's, which is always good, however, we didn't have a fridge to keep any leftovers. Across the street and down the road a bit is a complex of fast-food restaurants too that are open 24/7, so that was a good option for after a night of drinking, along with Fatburger ($25 for 2 burgers meals...it is Vegas). All in all we paid $675 told for flight/hotel for 2 people and we were in Vegas! So for us broke college students it was a great option! Ooh- but their buffet.... TERRIBLE... seriously- the only thing ediable was the soup & lunchmeat/cheese. Their gatorade and strawberry ice cream really tastes like pepto bismol!!!! Nooo kidding... I mean i know we're in Vegas and my stomach is hurting, but injecting pepto in your gatorade and strawberry ice cream is not helping!!
4	I love the old king Arthur/castle theme. The outside is lit up and very cool. Plus the tournament of kings show is Awesome!!
1	Checked in 3/11/12 1:30am for one night.I accidentally left my I.D during check in at the front desk.  Didn't realize until later that day.  The lost and found Department closed Sundays by 4pm.  I went back Monday morning around 9am ish to the Security Booth Lost and Found.  The fat white man at the booth was a complete A-Hole.   I wasn't rude when I showed up.  I had never lost anything before and this guy expected me to know the routine.  Why do people always assume you know the routine when dealing with customer service??  I sure as hell don't and I am in sales.  Always treat the customer with a smile no matter what!!  He finally got someone to bring my I.D to the booth after 20 mins of waiting.  The girl was looking for 2 other items this fat security had on his desk in a bin.  He could have easily handed me my I.D and I could have been on my way.  He decided to put my I.D on the side and take his sweet ass time looking for the other 2 items that took another 15 mins.  I felt like slapping his ass into next week!!  NEVER AGAIN WILL I STAY IN THIS HORROR PLACE!   The rooms were not that great.  Place was really dirty like everyone had told me.
5	There are two tram stops here. If you're coming from Mandalay Bay or Luxor the first stop gives you the impression that's the last stop...so that you will walk through the casino....however there is one more tram stop which is at the corner of the strip.
2	Please only stay here if you don't care about your surroundings and are only looking for a place to rest your head on the strip.Please MGM update this casino. Good job on the Wide screen rooms very clean and sufficient. But other than that please gut everything.I feel bad for the horses in the back parking lot inside their dirt pit next to the freeway. Everything is broken and the staff is rude. The concept is great and could be very cool. Just spend some of your billions of dollars and fix at least the entry way.
3	Not the cream of the crop, but decent accommodations considering our length of stay.  We got in super late and only stayed one night.  I think the Excalibur has a good concept going on, but it wasn't really shown in the style of hotel room.  The room was just like any other average, run-of-the-mill hotel room: clean, but nothing special.  The rooms also have free Internet, but it isn't Wi-Fi.If you are looking for a cheap hotel on the Strip, this place is for you.  If you are looking for the quintessential Las Vegas hotel, stay elsewhere.
2	Vegas is always a blast but this hotel put a damper on it, called to get service from anywhere in this palce was a joke, i was constantly put on hold and transford way to many times. I thought the tram was very stupid, yes its nice to have a free ride but whats the point of making it to the closest hotels? Id rather walk to the hotel next door then to the other side of the strip. The shower door was broken and they never opened the pool with the slide while i was there. We had a nice view from our room but the radio was pretty much broken so having no music was a burn. For being a hotel in vegas reguardless of its its a hotel mainly for kids they really didnt seem to pull out the fireworks or even attempt to open the box.
3	I like this place because it's one of the last "themed" casinos in Vegas. All the rest have been blown up and replaced with carbon copies of themselves.  The rooms were pretty standard and the casino is always really busy and filled with people.  It's not a bad deal for the price and it's located in the heart of the strip with easy access to the Luxor, Mandalay, MGM and NY NY.
3	I feel silly admitting this, but the only reason I was in the Excalibur was for their buffet.Yep.
4	Great big room. Soft beds. The pillows were hard. We saw the jousting show and it was awesome!! Mike from Full Metal Jousting worked the show, and we got to say hi. Overall, great stay.
4	Depending on why you are going to Vegas will be the deciding factor on where to stay. Personally if you want a lavish hotel with fancy, new things you are going to have to pay for it. I've stayed in Suites at the Mandalay bay and they are amazing to relax, look out the window, etc. But...I usually go to Vegas to party. Meaning: I spend VERY minimal time in my hotel, it is a place for me to set my stuff, get ready and be out and about. Come back and sleep for a couple hours then start over. For me this hotel is perfect when I don't want to spend a lot on my room but still get a nice place where I can do what I need to do. The location is excellent, casino is cool, pools are nice, and there's a Fat Tuesday/Dicks where I can get cheap but tasty drinks!Overall I have never had a problem here.
1	The hotel itself may be nice, but the "service" I received from Tim at the front "sea bar" jaded me from returning to this place. After throwing $100 into the video slot at the bar he approached us for drinks. We ordered two vodka and cranberries. To my surprise, he came back with a bill for $20. No problem, we will just blow the money  and head back to the casino floor. I noticed that the drinks were unusually dark and upon tasting I found little to no vodka. Isn't the point to Vegas to liquor you up so you dump more money into the games?!?! Guess this guy missed Vegas 101. I told him that the drinks were way to weak, to which he replied "I already put a fucking double shot in there" and yanked the drinks from us. He went and actually poured two doubles while staring at us, dumped them into a new drink and slammed them in front of us. Even though he was being a complete jerk, I threw down $6 for his tip. As the money landed on the counter he SLAMMED a shot glass in front of me with a receipt in it for me to sign ($0 total, I suppose he was doing it for effect). I hit cash out on the machine, picked up the $6 tip, and got the hell out of there. I will probably not go back to the Excalibur based on this. I would recommend walking down to New York New York. Much better service, and no "Tims" working at the bar.
3	I've been to this property several times for shows, so this review is for the casino and showroom only.The Excalibur is dated.  I was surprised by the fact that I didn't dislike it as much as I thought I would.  The place is large and finding the steps to the second floor took me awhile, but once I did it, I was able to get to the second floor showroom easily.I am always surprised by the large number of people that are in the casino.  Even when the economy was at its lowest, the place always seemed to be busy.The showroom on the second floor, which is shared  by several productions, is a nice enough room.  The long tables with 8 seats per table can be a little uncomfortable as they have them very close to each other. If the show is good, you don't think of this.Parking is good in the garage in the back, but it may give you a longer walk to get into the casino.  I generally try to find a surface spot parallel to Trop.While not one of my favorites on the Strip, the Excalibur is OK for the reasons I go there.
3	First hotel where I've ever gotten attitude for wanting my room cleaned. (And I wasn't even requesting that they get the filth stains out of the sofa!) After they failed to come during the day they accused me of having the privacy hanger on the doorknob. Then offered to bring me towels but "it might be a few hours before we could get someone there." When I said that was fine because I heading out they replied, "oh so you actually want your room CLEANED?" Nah, just swing by and piss on my suitcase please.They offer the latest in technology with wired internet, but don't fear, the ethernet cord is about 20 feet long, providing easy access around your room. Just don't trip over it.The Sherwood Forest bar featured the drunkest bartender I have ever been served by, and that is an accomplishment. She took my free drink vouchers (2 per day through the resort fee) with pleasure and spent a good 15 minutes searching for a bottle of gin. Also spent a while staring at the cash register before counting out someones change, and then forgot that they were directly behind her. It was one of the most entertaining shows I have seen in Vegas.Don't get me wrong, I expected my budget-ass stay inside a castle to be this way. Every time I want to reminisce I look at the picture of the view from my room, that includes some broken wooden pallets on gravel next to the employee smoking area. It looked like there had once been a tree, but it was cut down for obvious reasons like being aesthetically pleasing.I would probably go back for the absurdity.
2	I've been getting lost and p.o.ed in this hotel since 1998.  Even stayed here once out of desparation, much to my chagrin.  All other properties in Vegas, including MGM properties, have signs clearly directing you to all the restaurants by name.  A restaurant changes, they change the sign.  But apparently Excalibur cannot be bothered.  There's just a general sign at the escalator that says "Restaurants" implying that all the restaurants are upstairs.  But they are not.  Once you get upstairs, you'll find a couple of banners above the escalators that try to explain with oddly placed arrows where specific restaurants, registration, etc. are located.  But the banners make no sense. It's so annoying.Also, this hotel was rundown in 1998 and is doubly so today.  It smells funny.  The smoke over the years has inflitrated every nook and cranny, making the whole place smell like a giant, nasty ashtray.Since it is part of the weird, circuitious path that allows you to traverse the Strip in mostly air conditioned comfort, sometimes it becomes a necessity to come here.  Or if someone's band is playing here.  Over the years, I've seen more live acts here for free than anywhere on the Strip. But otherwise I try to avoid it if at all possible.
2	I've stayed here twice only because my friends were staying here & I got a great offer, but not very happy wth their rooms. The beds are very uncomfortable, hard & woke up wth a backache. Its a no frills hotel! Their breakfast & lunch buffet are just ok. Not worth it 4 the price, the pizza tasted like it came frm a box. The good thing about their buffet is u serve ur own drinks. They have a couple stations. The guy at check in (in the vip area!) had a look on his face that said "damn I don't want to be here." His service was the same. He wasn't rude but lacked enthusiasm & wasn't helpful at all. He wasn't pleasant & barely even spoke. After he checked me in & gave me my little booklet I noticed (cause I was reading the info on the desk) that I didn't get my free drink coupons. I asked him, don't I get free drink coupons wth this promo & he looked confused. I pointed out the little sign on the desk, he looked at it & said "oh yeah." What a moron! Ay ay ay. This place does not get any stars for their svc! Oh & the resort fee is a rip off. I didn't use anything that they charge for & they still charge u 4 this. If u want good customer svc, a nice big room, on the strip at a good rate, stay at bally's! Ballys has all of that & no resort fees!
1	Excalibur! What has happened to you? If I could write reviews on Excalibur when I was a kid, before MGM bought you, you would have been a fabulous 5 star rating - but then again, that was when you had knights and princesses walking around and the decor was much cuter and more theme-y. But now... you're corporatized, bland and quite frankly - horrible. The rooms are very outdated, the decor is very plain-jane, and the staff look like they've been there since the real Excalibur was known as the Sword In The Stone days. Is there anyone - waitresses included, but gogo dancers excluded, that works at Excalibur that's under 40 years old, or at least LOOKS under 40? That sounds ageist, but really.. this is a vain city, is it really too much to ask? That being said, I suppose that's why you're one of the cheapest hotels on the strip, right? Because everything else absolutely blows. Buffet is CRAP, do NOT do the breakfast or lunch buffet. Also, DO NOT eat at any of the restaurants IN Excalibur. I repeat and urge you of this. My friends and I (6 of us total) ate at the Buca DiBeppo that's inside Excalibur, and 5 out of 6 of us got food poisoning and spent the entire weekend in our rooms throwing up. The 6th member of our group didn't get it because she had recently gotten the stomach flu and her immune system was already built up against the crappy food, not to mention, she barely ate anything.Don't stay here ever.. you can use the same money off the strip or at any of the other similarly cheap hotels - I bet Circus Circus is just as bad... good?..bad! as Excalibur is now.
2	Seriously, how is Excalibur still in existence?? I've stayed here twice and that amount of times was too many. I've stayed in the updated tower and the ridiculously outdated tower. I mean, you get what you pay for,  I know. But, it just needs updating big time!! Or just tear the thing down and put something better in!! Just saying. Everyone knows how bad this hotel is so I have nothing more to say. Thanks!!
4	I'm giving it 4 stars because for $27 room fee+$14 resort fee per night I don't think I would find anything better. For the money, it was an excellent value. They upgraded us to a better room without us asking. We had a very comfortable king-size bed, big flat screen TV, internet (not wifi), the room was clean plus we got 2 free drinks per day, which we used at a bar in the Luxor.I will say I was very disappointed that only 2 of the 4 pools were open and those 2 pools were PACKED with kids.
1	This is not a good hotel.  It's cheap, which is probably it's only allure.  Here's what I didn't like:The air conditioning in our room was so loud that it sounded like someone was vacuuming in the room every time it turned on.  Woke us up all night.My bath towel smelled like smoke.  We are non-smokers.  I know, in Vegas, people smoke.  But, it would be nice if they would launder the towels to not smell like smoke.The window shade had holes in it.  One bedsheet was torn.  Another had a cigarette burn in it.The shower was low-pressure and the spray pattern was poor.Only one bar of soap in the bathroom and the body wash was terrible.An HDTV showing all standard def and very limited channel choices.Loud neighbors and drunk people.  As soon as we got to our room a drunk guy kept pestering us for directions to the room he was looking for.  We had to repeat the directions several times.  We were tired and trying to just get into our room.  Then, that night people hollered down the hall, whooping and carrying on, at 3 a.m.  Then, proceeded to retch and groan for the next half an hour.I have stayed in some nice hotels.  I am not comparing this budget hotel to those.  I am comparing it to similar places like the La Quinta Inn or Holiday Inn.  This is not a good hotel.  Honestly, you can pay about the same or maybe a little more and get a much nicer stay.  I suggest you do.
1	I will never stay at this hotel again. The Excalibur is the worst hotel on the strip. They have horrible cell phone reception. The customer service is bad. They are very rude. The towels in the hotel smelled burnt. I woke up one morning to find cockroaches crawling over my shoes. I wish I could post pictures to this site.  I think I am a fair and reasonable person but I will not recommend this place to anyone.
4	I can't complain - for a cheap strip hotel the Excalibur is the one.  We paid $300 with fees for 3 nights on a busy weekend, slipped the woman at the desk an extra $20 and got ourselves a renovated room with pool view while the rest of our party ended up with a roof view in the old tower.  Worth it.  The front desk staff wasn't helpful otherwise but housekeeping was fine and everything was clean.The casino itself is nothing special and the castle theme is more or less nonexistent.  However, the pool was a lot nicer than I thought it would be and it wasn't full of d-bags like other pools.  I'll stay at Excalibur again.
1	DO NOTSTAY HERE.Our room got ROBBED by a crackhead that broke through our hotel room window. Somehow their crappy security let him get through to a restricted area, allowing him to break into not just our room but FOUR OTHER HOTEL ROOMS!!!!!!! The workers here were VERY rude to us, & not accommodating or sympathetic at all. We asked to be reimbursed for the items that were damaged and stolen from us and they did not give us JACK!! The least they could have done was reimburse us.And on top of all that, our room was DISGUSTING and the entire hotel smells like SHIT!!!!!!!!! Seriously, do not stay here. Worst hotel on the strip.P.S. Their buffet effing SUCKS!!!! Also, we had a view of a BRICK WALL!!! WTF????
4	Clean rooms nice beds had no issues and pretty decent price
4	The double bed room we had was nice and looked newly renovated based on what my friend said. The Roundtable Buffet was really good. However there was no refrigerator.
2	This hotel scares me for some reason.  Scary druggies and prostitutes seem to hang around this area.  I have traveled thru a couple times to only be glad I wasn't staying there.  Had the worst glass of wine ever in Sherwood Forest sports bar on casino floor.  Krispy Kreme upstairs makes it less painful.
1	I wish I could give Excalibur no stars. I think this place is in need of a makeover. That makeover being imploding the damn thing and getting it off the Strip because it's an eyesore inside and out. I get it, it's probably the one place in Las Vegas parents can really take their kids to. The theme is kiddy, they have a "Dungeon" full of games and carnival-type experiences. The shows here are comical/fun. It's all about fun, fun, fun here!Unfortunately the place is a dump. It stinks. The casino floor has that early 90s vibe to it. The food court is odd and out of place. The buffet is horrible. Other dining options are ridiculous too: Bucca di Bepo (poor excuse for Italian) and Dick's Last Resort. Okay, I've never been to Dick's, but who really wants to be insulted by their waiter? And of course the new BBQ joint, which I've heard good things about, and would be more apt to try... if it wasn't in Excalibur.I cannot comment on their rooms since I've never stayed here, but I can only imagine what they must be like, unless of course, they've been renovated.Overall this place just needs to go away. It's from a different era, one of which we moved on from a long time ago.
1	Oh, where do I start? I too would have given this hotel a big fat zero!!!I have stayed here before and had a great time. This time around it was AWFUL! It started with checking in, we did get to check in early which was cool! Yay this is going to be a great trip!!! UNTIL... we get to our room seemed clean except a little dusty (I'm allergic to dust so that was fun) as we are unpacking we get a knock on the door. Hello, are you checking out today... hmm no... we just checked in.. oh?! says the supervisor... great... let's hope they cleaned the room...and off we go about our day... I do say.. we had a good view that we paid for of course they didn't have any free upgrades available.. good thing I didn't tip the desk person before asking.. We woke up to stained sheets.. awesome... although laundered who wants to wake up to blood stained sheets?! Now the fun begins... We obviously went down to tell the front desk whom had no clue who was in charge.. "I'm sorry you'll have to talk to the people down there (points to the other end of the LONG desk" when we arrive there we hear "I'm sorry you'll have to talk to the people down there (right where we just were) and OH I can't help you I'm not logged in" hmm right.. We did get the manager and she was great. She quickly helped us and ended up getting a credit applied to our room.. plus the sheets changed.. Sounds great right? Until we tried to use this credit! Wait for it this happens later...Off to the pool. The pool was great! Make sure you go get your drinks and food the wait staff is soooo slow! It's worth paying for the poolside seats and don't let them make you pay 50 bucks they will give it to you for 40! Just say someone told you. seems they don't have a set price. OH the food at the pool was the best in the whole hotel no joke! and it didn't cost 20 bucks for a 5 dollar hot dog! Just get up and get it yourself LOL So, we have this credit right so let's spend it at the pool right? Well, the credit wasn't on our account.. really?!  more excuses from the front desk on how it wasn't their fault that it wasn't there blah blah blah.. the manager at the spa made it happen all good again... however loosing more time.. The gambling (tables) were good but I noticed that the guests were not tipping so please tip people these guys make min wage! Plus it's much more fun when the dealer is happy! The slots were sooooo tight it was like gambling in Seattle horrible!OK, we go to check out late.. called the front desk to make sure we use up the last of the credit and make sure that we use it for late checkout.. what credit.. holy moly not this again! another half hour wasted going through all the BS (Remember this is the highlights of the trip) and once again we get to hear the "it wasn't me, not my fault blah blah" finally get the OK to stay late and check out at 1pm. Off we go on our way... Until 12:30 when we go to retrieve our things from our room... the keys don't work... the desk didn't advise us that we had to get new keys.. really?! now that's the way to take care of your already mad customers.. we call the front desk AGAIN explained what happened and again not my fault blah blah OH and they say... we have a new system and everyone is having problems with it (that would explain why you don't get your mlife points).. they sent security to let us in.. never showed.. we had to go down and get security ourselves... As we are on our way to the airport we are expecting a credit to our credit card for now our free upgrade... and we get an email from the front desk that we now have a zero balance charge.. seriously??? we have to call again? So needless to say.. even though the MGM owns this place it seriously sucks! My friends stayed with us and didn't upgrade but... housekeeping broke her phone charger and it was like pulling teeth to get a credit to her credit card to replace the charge and went on a hunt to get a charger. awesome...OH... the "free internet" was awful! so slow! I just used my iphone!
4	I've been to Vegas dozens of dozens of times. First stay @ Excalibur was this past weekend, April 27 for 4 nights (quick girls getaway).... Yep, we were looking for cheap - both accommodations (seriously, how much time do you spend in a room anyway?) & lower limit craps helps......  I really don't have many complaints.   Arrived around 3 pm on a Friday (I'd assume that is near a prime check-in time) & yep, there was a line but it moved pretty well. We were given 2 bed room, as requested in Tower I (later was told Tower II is nicer, so......). Went straight to our room, it was acceptable. Had view of Tropicana, nothing special but I guess better than a brick wall.  Yes, the room was dated (old carpet,bedding, furniture) but it was clean. 3 girls in 1 room, it did have something we needed:  a large bathroom! Single sink but large space with long vanity for all our stuff.We were in our room for maybe 3 minutes before heading out. The next morning, our entire hallway reeked of weed. Cannot totally blame Excalibur for that, but still........  My 2 girlfriends went to the pool & thought it was fine (went to the adult only section). They were there way early (9:30 a.m.), stayed for a couple of hours. Said by the time they left, people were stalking them for their chairs because it was so crowded. Left note for housekeeping requesting additional towels, which was accommodated. Didn't gamble @ Excalibur at all until late night Saturday & it was great. Friendly dealers (I only play craps).  Other patrons playing were sometimes a little shady; not unexpected at lower limit tables. Rented a car for a drive to Red Rock Canyon (cool, btw). rental car service @ desk was easy ....walking to the parking garage & the garage itself:  sketchy, ewwwww.....Tried to use free drink coupon @ Sherwood Forest and was basically duped. Guy totally saw my coupon (and consistent with a lot of others, he basically ignored us as long as possible & then was pretty rude). I order vodka tonic & when we handed, said I could not use coupon for Absolute. I never requested Absolute. So he told me I had to pay for my drink....  Bait & switch. I should have been more assertive but didn't want to make a scene over $10 in front of my friends so I let it go. At checkout, another long line. I opted to just leave.  I emailed to request a copy of my bill, which was promptly sent & was accurate.  All-in-all, I didn't hate Excalibur (& I've stayed in fabulous places worldwide). I didn't eat in any of the restaurants, I only gambled there late night as we were coming home....  I found it to be a great bargain for on the strip & is worth checking out if you want nothing but the basics.   Biggest complaint is the $15 resort fee for pretty much nothing:  no one WANTS to honor the coupons & there is no wireless.
5	I really like this place, got an excellent deal on JetBlue vacation, flew in from Long Beach CA. I tipped the woman at the registration desk $20 and got upgraded to Tower II view deluxe 42" TV room. She threw in a coupon booklet with 12 free drinks tickets. That's as good as it gets, awesome, i love it.
4	For a cheap hotel, it's sweet! We stayed on the renovated tower side! Clearly it makes a huge difference in people's reviews. We arrived very late, so the check in line wasn't bad. The clerk was pretty nice and welcoming. Thankfully we "checked out" the night before we left because that line in the daytime is no effin joke!!!!!!It's decent, clean, upgraded chic with a flat screen TV. I don't have any complaints about it. The location is rather at the end of the strip so walk, take a cab, use the rail station, it's all easily accessible if you want to get to the other end.The casino is subpar but hey, better ones are within walking distances. For the rate I paid, I got more than my money's worth!
1	Beware the Timeshare agents!  Good for a fun, cheap crash pad with a comfy bed, but I had a LOT of trouble reaching anyone when my flight was canceled for the day. The phone system is ancient. Also, by having not booked directly I was treated like a 2nd class citizen. My biggest complaint is that they have a timeshare office in their main lobby and kiosks at every entrance and elevator, so going to and from my room meant my boyfriend and I were harassed every time: "Hi, you going to see a show? Free shows for $50 ransom money you get back after a 2 hour demo." Just let me walk to the pool in peace, please!!  As long as the Timeshare agents are in this hotel, I won't be back.
4	For the money, it gets no better! Clean rooms (widescreen room), rowdy college atmosphere, nice pools, lots of food options, and PERFECT location! Honestly can't say anything wrong with our stay
3	There dealers can make you rich, can't say much about there hotel
3	Inexpensive, nice room, yes, you have to walk a lot. Big enough. Comfy enough. Kinda noisy, but this is LV. Their resort charge at $15/day is misleading, and dishonest. But this is LV, and many things are misleading and dishonest; just be prepared to pay the $$ each day. The Internet is wired, and reasonably fast, I found. No smoke smell in non-smoking rooms, too. Hear that Circus Circus? Caveat: I wasn't here to gamble or take advantage of the local entertainment venues at the hotel. I didn't eat there, either. In all, pretty reasonable for what I needed: cheap hotel near the Mandalay Bay, which was my convention destination.
4	Mostly positive, the rooms are a good size and kept clean, and the maid service is honest and doesn't steal. That being said, they could use a few small improvements, especially in the shower area, which is badly in need of a shelf to put shampoo bottles on. My neighbor's shower was louder than mine (and they seemed to need like five a day!), so they may want to look at the plumbing between rooms 20232 and 20230. And I know they want you to go down and buy coffee from their (Crappy) Castle Coffee stand right next to the elevators, but an in-room coffee maker would still be nice as I find facing anything to do with Vegas first thing when I wake up a humongous task if I don't have at least a little caffeine in me. Also, I paid extra for a room with an HD-TV, but they don't have a single HD station on the regular cable. I was here for a wedding and didn't have a lot of $$ to go out and gamble, so the TV was one of my few sources of entertainment (especially at night), and I have to say for the price I paid it was NOT worth it.However, the bed was comfortable and had just the right amount of bedding and pillows, and I enjoyed the fact that the window opened a couple inches so I could get fresh air up on the 20th floor. I do wish they would patrol the corridors and make sure people don't scream and yell near the rooms...I understand it's Vegas, but people still need to sleep at some point :/
3	When I go to Vegas (for fun, not work) I'm there to party. Not sit in my hotel room. Having said that, the Excalibur totally met my expectations. The room was clean, comfortable and the hotel itself was close to a lot of the attractions we were interested in (NY NY, Luxor, etc.)There's a good selection of cheaper restaurants and the pool area is great. The location is good and all in all it was an ideal stay. I always say that in Vegas you get what you pay for - I personally choose to pay for drinks and fun as opposed to uber fancy hotels.
1	NASTY HOTEL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! When you come in smells like some one DIE IN IT !!!
1	Yeah, just don't.  We had the kids with us this time, and thought it'd be fun and would be such a novelty for us to stay at a 'castle'...yeah, but no.  Move on to the next hotel you're considering...but if you must know, let me tell you:- Room smelled as old as it looked- Sheets and towels were stained http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/o7AiTlyWUrBSzdz6oMHj5w?select=sPpq5PaPK3tHR354o4mXcg- There's no tub- You'll hear the wind howl like a banshee through your window - Registration line was looooong- Decor looked like it was purchased from a garage sale http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/o7AiTlyWUrBSzdz6oMHj5w?select=_zPXBcStYGFQ_ZYdITQaRA- The folks in the lobby who try to sell you show tickets are pushy and rude- Parking is outdoors and no direct access to the hotelAnd if this is not enough to convince you, here's the kicker:  Our window had a broken lock and I called THREE times to get it fixed and they never did.  It would have been a long fall from the 26th floor.  A blatant disregard for safety, especially when I mentioned our two small children (7 & 5) were with us.Yeah, just DON'T.  Never again for us!
3	I've stayed here in the past and probably will in the future but this review won't be too favorable. It started with walking in and the view, I know I know, Vegas, who needs a view. A view is nice, I called my room the "Jake and Elwood Blues suite", the monorail rodae through every 15 minutes or so. (funny)(Better than my friend's view, a brick wall...)On to the cleanliness, not too clean. The room was straight, there was visible damage to the wall and ceiling. The bathroom was not clean at all. Used soap on the shower soap dish, a large clump of hair on top of the shower door and one roll of toilet paper. The walls of the shower were a bit mungy as well. The hotel advertises widescreen TVs. They most certainly aren't HD though. (again when one is in Vegas one doesn't watch too much TV.. )The "Lobby Bar" was offering free drinks with coupons. Good luck getting a bartender. As soon as one sees you have one of the little blue coupons they walk the other way and help everyone else at the bar before you. (I suggest going to the Sherwood Bar at the other side of the lobby, the bartenders are nicer and will serve you right away)The food court was good, clean and filled with options. The buffet, the first breakfast was pretty good, the last one I had could have been better. The pool was great, the hours, not so great. 7 pm close?  Other hotels have a later pool closing, why wouldn't Excalibur?In the end, the experience wasn't bad. I'd return and stay again. The rates were good and we were able to reserve rooms for all the people in my group meeting up. If you have the choice, request a higher up room in tower 2, lower level tower 1 rooms are a bit, outdated.
2	I stayed here with my family, our stay was the final leg of our 12 day vacation. We chose this hotel because of the CASTLE.. My main problem with this place is there is no refrigerator ( you can pay $25 a night for them to bring one to your room), there is no coffee maker and no microwave.. maybe I'm spoiled by staying in Time Shares, and even regular hotels offer these simple amenities.. Isn't this damn hotel geared toward families??? My kids need their milk and juice!!LAME... We did receive awesome discounts for food and drinks. And I had a blast in the casino!!!I am having a happy / sad moment.. I am going back to this hotel in November.. I don't want to stay due to the lack of amenities but I cannot wait to get back on their craps tables!!!
1	I was completely underwhelmed by the whole experience here. Not only do the machines pay nothing. But also I must have had my invisible suit on because not one server came by to see if I wanted a coke , coffee or beer. My room was OK, but the toilet in my families room next door didn't work and neither did their hair dryer for the gals. And even when I was leaving EARLY they wanted to give the money back but didn't even have a toll free number to call.
3	We didn't stay here just toured the facility along the strip. It was fun to stop in and see everything.
4	We stayed here in March 2012, and we had a great experience. Really for the price, you can't beat it. Sure it's not the Paris or one of the more upscale hotels but then again, like I mentioned, can't beat t he price! I also have to give a shout out to the housekeeping staff! They skipped our room during the afternoon and when we got back at midnight it wasn't clean. I called them and they offered to send someone down right then. How awesome is that? Next time I think I would like to spring for the extra money and stay at a more luxurious place, because its fun. But I wouldn't take Excalibur off of my list. Also love the new BBQ place Lynyrd Skynrd with the karaoke!!!
2	We stayed here while my husband had a trade show. We have been to Vegas about ten times, staying at all of the big name hotels.. and this hotel was our least favorite. My husbands work placed him here simply based on price. Yes, it was a great price. As usual, you get what you pay for. The lobby and casino were musty and outdated. The air conditioning in the room was either too cold or not working. The towels smelled like mold. A security alarm went off twice while we were there. Once in the middle of the night and once during the day while I was napping after laying at the pool. All to find out it was a mistake both times. We had a flight heading home at 6 pm. On our last day we checked our luggage in at the concierge so that we could walk around without our luggage after checking out of our room. I had a small pink travel pillow with me, and they would not take it. They told me it has to fit in a suitcase. I did not have any more room, so I had to walk around with a pink pillow all day. He wouldn't even take it if it was in a plastic bag. The only reason I give it 2 stars is because I won $220 playing video poker and lost everywhere else. :)
4	I was nervous going in, but I wanted an inexpensive room for my first nights stay in Vegas.  This is by no means the fanciest hotel on the strip, but the price is right.  The bed was SUPER comfortable and the room/towels were clean.  The decor was extremely dated, but it wasn't a problem since I was using this room to sleep, not entertain.  The hotel staff was courteous.  No complaints here.
1	What an unforgettable time visiting the Excalibur. First, I went there because we were looking for a pasta meal and their website advertised that they had a Buca di Beppo, which we love. Got there, only to discover, after much hunting, that the restaurant had not opened yet and the person we were able to find to assist us, after much searching, couldn't have cared less. At that point we decided to head over to Mandalay Bay to eat.  Of course, the easiest way to get to that other property is to take their monorail.  We could find no signs directing us to the place to board and, literally, saw no employees that we could ask at all. Overall, a pitiful experience not worth repeating. Plenty of other properties on the strip to give business to. Time to implode this dump anyway.
1	You get what you pay for. You swear this place was infested with the ghetto scene. Scary to visit places inside.
3	I've stayed a few times because they are cheap but honestly they aren't that low priced anymore and the quality is not the best. They have 2 towers and only one of them is newly renovated. The rooms are nicer than the other tower but of course more expensive. Room service is expensive, they don't have free wi-fi, and there is really nothing super special about their amenities compared to other hotels.I do like the location because it is connected to other hotels so you never have to walk out of the hotel, you can just travel from the inside. Excalibur is pretty outdated looking and overall it's a decent place to stay but if prices keep rising I would rather pay for better quality.
3	Stayed here for a couple nights in January and it was just what we needed... a cheap place to drink and rage with friends. All 8 of the rooms booked with our party even came with either random hairs or blood, too! Bonus! That really didn't lessen the appeal for me though because you can't really have expected more for what we were paying.
2	Usually the classic hotels are bad this one is no exception my friend is staying there for the weekend and the place its not bad, I was expecting worsts, so I guess is a good thing
4	I really enjoyed my stay here at the Excalibur. Sure it is outdated & their doors look gross & you can see smudgy fingerprints everywhere, but for the price I paid I would definitely stay again. If I wanted to stay in my hotel room all day then I'm sure I would have paid for a better quality room at another hotel on the strip. For a 2 night stay during the week it was about $40 a night which isn't bad at all if I'm only there to sleep, shower & change clothes. The casino was pretty decent in my opinion as well. They offer drink passes as part of the resort fees. I redeemed those free drinks at The Lounge, I believe it was called. I really wished they carried Blue Moon. Perhaps the next time I stay, they will have added that.
1	My Sister and her family returned to their room yesterday to find that two IPads and a few other itmes were stolen.  Hotel staff was not very helpful and they will not get any reimbursement for stolen items.   In reading other reviews it seems that this is not out of the ordinary.  Do not stay here!!
4	Good hotel for the price. Part of the MGM property. Well maintained, but age does show.
1	Its been 2hrs waiting in line to check in to the hotel. The line is extremely long hundreds of people maybe even a thousand, for a hotel to have this long of a check in line is inexcusable. I really wish i had chosen another hotel for attending EDC. They have not been at all helpful in trying to compensate me for my time and patience. I came alone and have needed to pee for the past hr but cant get out of line. This is the worst experience i've ever had in vegas.
1	So the weekend of EDC (electric daisy carnival), one of the biggest events to take place in vegas, apparently the excalibur hotel computer systems are down or some other poor excuse that it takes 4 hours to CHECK in. Absolutely absurd! Nobody takes a trip to Vegas and wastes four hours of their precious vacation time to wait four hours in a bloody line to get checked in to the hotel room. Its already five o clock and the line has been equally long since noon. poor delivery and preparation for this event definitely gives this place 1 star. Very disappointed.
3	06/03/12 to 06/05/12The real thing i love this hotel but every time we go we have to pay extra for every little thing this time for view for the strip we have to pay extra the nice room extra because they did no renew the other side of the other tower like a guess from the hotel they not give nothing free and I'm agree they need to improve the shows and the amenities
3	The Excalibur (basically at the end of the strip) could be better but it has always met my expectations. I've stayed there 3 different times because the pricing was good for what I needed (but I have stayed at expensive hotels on the strip so I have a good idea of amenities to value ratio). For the price and the amenities you get its worthy to look into, especially if you have kids and you need an easy place for them to hang out at downstairs. 1. Low cost rooms but clean and everything worked.2. Security at each tower for your safety. Nice touch and they were friendly too.3. If you or your kids like arcades, show's with horses, Medieval Castles? Here's your place but don't expect its all magical cause its a bit old. They are trying to fix the place up bit by bit but its a big job and again, its a very low cost in comparison to many strip hotels. The Tournament of Kings is a really fantastic show and a must see for visitors. The hotel offers 2 and 3 for price of 1 deals often which is a great deal.4. Other cool hotels and shops are within a nice walk (New York, Mandalay, Luxor, MGM, M&M shop, the Arcade Shop (where there are tons of great arcade games), and a few others.5. The casino floor is nothing original. Its a big place and its not easily marked so you have to get used to where you're at so you know where you're going. Pool area is exceptionally nice when its open.6. Staff were cool and I had no issues with check in or out. Parking was very good.7. My daughters are 15 and 18 and they liked Excalibur better than the Luxor, the Flamingo, & the Sahara as far as the lower cost hotels go. Next time we are staying at Planet Hollywood though as we want to be in the center of the strip and willing to pay more.So if your budget is tight then take a look at this hotel as its likely to suite your needs.
4	When I go to Vegas I would rather pay less for a good hotel then pay a ton of money for a fancy hotel since I don't spend a ton of time in the room. Excalibur is just right for us. My family and I have stayed at Excalibur several times and have enjoyed our stay each time. It is family-friendly (as far as Vegas goes) which  is really nice. The past couple of times it has seemed like they are trying to become a little edgier, but it's still better than other hotels if you want something a little less risque for kids. We were able to walk through the hotel at night, go to the arcade, and there are game kiosks throughout the hotel.The pool is not the best on the strip, but it works. It is towards the end of the strip, but it's not a deal breaker, as there are various buses and monorails to get to the other side of the strip. We really enjoy the free monorail to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay, as they have several places to eat and shop. There are places to eat, but it's not the best variety. The buffet wasn't my favorite, but there is a pizza hut, cold stone, krispy kremes, baja fresh, and another place with things like nachos and hot dogs. These places don't stay open too late, though.The workers have always been nice. I got lost a couple times and the workers were nice when answering my questions. It's a hit & miss with housekeeping. They do a wonderful job cleaning the rooms, but if they don't leave enough towels you may have to call down a couple times. As for the hotel rooms, they aren't the best in Vegas, but they're fine for me. The beds are comfortable, there's room to move in the room, and they are recently upgraded (within the past few years). There is a table, 2 chairs, a tv, and beds in each room. We always get the room we request, the non-smoking rooms are really non-smoking rooms (I think there are non-smoking floors), and the towers and rooms are very quiet. I have stayed here many,many times and have never had a problem. (I think I've always stayed in Tower II). Check in is fast and they have a loading area near the towers. They also have great parking. I enjoy the atmosphere as well. There are some kids here, but it's not just for kids. I give this place 4 stars because it could improve in some places, but it is a kid friendly and nice hotel, which is what I like most about the Excalibur.
2	Ok, I am of two minds on this place. The Hotel rooms are quite frightening; mine had a leaky ceiling and was quite dark. However the room only cost 27 dollars a night so, you get what you pay for. In the casino the felts on many of the tables are worn and faded. All that being said it is still a fun place to walk around, just make sure you have all your shots.
2	Apparently I arrived the weekend that the "computer system" decided to "crash."  When we walked into the hotel, there was a massive line just to check in. People were here for EDC mostly, some for the Pacquiao fight and for Garth Brooks. I heard of stories of people waiting almost 3 hours.  I personally had to wait 2 hours to get to the desk.  My horror story doesn't end with this.  After I was given my key, I lugged my bags to my room only to find out that it was already occupied.  I said, "WTF, ok the computer messed up!"  I lugged my bags back down stairs to the check-out counter to complain.  The clerk apologized etc. and I got a new room.  This second time; surprise! This room was occupied.  I was so damned tired at this point that I didn't care if they gave me the crappiest room in the house.  I asked to be given as soon as possible, fortunately by this point the supervisor intervened and she gave me a suite, some buffet vouchers.  and some drink vouchers.  I don't know if I'll come back to this place.
2	I'm becoming a snob.  I much prefer the Cosmo, THE Hotel or MGM Signature but what the heck it was a conference rate.  It just sort of makes me think of that creepy neighbor as a kid with the strange relatives who visit wearing shorts black socks and sandals.
1	This hotel wasn't ready for the amount of guests that it booked. They double booked our room even though we had made reservations months in advance. we were finally given a room (hours later).  we went out to enjoy our day/night, when we came back we discovered our keys no longer opened our doors. We had to  go back down to the lobby at 4am to get new keys.  To top off this horrific weekend stay,the hotel has a  resort fee that they neglect to tell you about when you check-in.  However,  I asked Prytzel (my desk clerk) if there were any other fees I needed to pay when I checked in.  She said "no unless you use room service." I had to debate with my check-out clerk, Cora, about not paying this fee that was not mentioned to me at my check-in or displayed at the check-in counter. This place is terrible. We will not stay here ever again.
1	DO NOT BOOK ONLINE. THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY TWICE. The week I was in Vegas they had the computer SYSTEM DOWN TWICE. Plus like many other reviews you see here, when you come home late at night your card key will not let you in the room. My friends and I were charged online via confirmation they could not check so they took our cards charged again, then charged us a third time when our key cards did not work late at night! Do not take this risk. Don't gamble on your place to stay.
5	great for the familygreat poolgambling is greatgreat food courtprice has gone up and they charge resort fees
3	One of the older casino/hotels on the strip and the rooms do show it. But I have to admit that it's a pretty large room and they are very clean. You get a nice big flat screen TV and an Ethernet cable is provided for internet access if you bring your laptop. The beds are very soft and comfy. So aside from it being a little old, it wasn't too bad. What I didn't really like about this place was the service. I didn't feel like most of the staff was that helpful or friendly. There is a $15 resort fee for everyday that you stay at the hotel and that includes two free drinks. When I tried to go redeem the drinks the guy that worked at the bar wasn't very helpful and he became just downright mean when he saw our coupon vouchers for free drinks. I guess for the price ~$38/night it's a pretty good deal. I didn't really have a super bad experience here but I felt like it also wasn't super good. I don't regret staying here but I think I'll try to book another place next time. I do have to say, they were pretty nice when they weren't able to accommodate my request to have two rooms right next to each other, because they ended up upgrading our rooms to rooms with view for free (which normally would have been an extra $30 upgrade fee).
1	Arrived at Excalibur at 4am with a 2 year old who was very fussy and tired as a last resort, cheap room until we had to check in to the Mandalay the next day. When we first arrived, 2 agents were both with different large families who were complaining about something. I waited in line for *45* minutes along with many other frustrated people. There were two "managers" on duty, or whatever they were just standing there looking like idiots. When we would ask them for help, keep in mind some people were just asking for new keys because they wouldn't work, they put us back in line and didn't apologize for anything. As I finally came up to the counter, the woman gave me a bitchy look as I asked her if she had any half day or special rates, (we were staying for 3 hours) and she snapped at me! THE RATE IS 80 DOLLARS, IF YOU WANT TO GET A CHEAPER RATE, BOOK AT HOTELS.COM. So my fiance went and called hotels.com, and after being on hold with them, walked back and was told that they don't do same day reservations since it was before 3 am. Went to sit back down and my daughter was screaming at the top of her lungs and throwing a fit. They kept staring at me, and did not care to help, after everyone had ending up walking away because of the wait. I am not impressed at all. I can appreciate the atmosphere of the Excalibur, however the customer service is terrible, and they should be ashamed that they would ever treat guests that way.Very unprofessional. And very offputting.
1	Overall, it was a bad experience. But if you want a story, I'll give you a story.So I come on the weekend of EDC, a weekend event with a 100,000+ attendees. All I can say is that there were a lot of lines and a very unpleasant experience. Since check in at the hotel is after 3pm, we come at about 4:15pm to see a line that loops around the lobby and casino. After an hour in the line, I estimated that it would take another two at least based on the pace. I find out that the computers at Excalibur and MGM are down for a few days and a few more to come.. understandable, but just barely. Employees pass out free drink vouchers throughout the line to alleviate the stress. Too bad you can't get drunk off their stingy well drinks. I planned to eat at the Wynn buffet with friends at 6:30 that night, definitely not happening. Thanks. At 7:45 we get to the registration and it takes about ten minutes to get us our rooms through the computer. They upgrade our room from the cheapest room to a slightly less cheap room (a $10/night difference), how sweet of them. We rush to our rooms to find out that the room they assigned us to already had occupants as blatantly visible by the bags, clothes, and electronics left throughout the room.Okay. Are you serious, Excalibur? You just gave us access to someone's room. I could've easily stolen anything. Seriously. What the hell. I use the hotel room phone to call front desk and tell them that the room they gave us already had people in it. The woman on the phone is shocked by this, so shocked that she hangs up on me. Another strike, Excalibur. I call them again and another woman answers and apologizes and tells us to come down to the lobby. We lug our baggage across the hall, down the elevator, through the casino, and back to the lobby where a rude ass front desk woman questioned us about the validity of the pre-occupied room. She eventually gave us another room, one with a slightly dysfunctional door, but at least it was empty on the inside. At this point, I was ready to use those free drink vouchers, all forty of them. Yeah, they gave us forty free drink passes.The maid service was kinda shady. You can hear them coming down the hall, like five doors down because they frantically yell out "ROOM SERVICE, HELLO? ROOM SERVICE", an awful sound at 9am. I put do not disturb for a reason. Whether or not this may be my fault but I left my room door partially open one night and when the maid arrived the following morning, she yelled into my room "EXCUSE ME, EXCUSE ME, YOU HAVE TO CLOSE THIS DOOR. IF YOU DON'T CLOSE THIS DOOR, I'M GOING TO HAVE TO CALL SECURITY. EXCUSE ME!" And I'm like.. are... you.. serious... God gave you hands for a reason. Please do us both a favor and close the door!Just. I just. I can't.
3	We had so much fun here on the midway!  They let my husband and me play the games against each other so we were sure to get a toy :)  It was a fun way to spend the afternoon discussing the probability of winning each game.
2	Stayed here with a friend for a quick Vegas trip. The rooms are large and clean but it was the casino that really was negative for this place. I'm not a smoker and I live in a city where smoking indoors is illegal so I wasn't prepared for the all the cigarette smoke that seems to envelope this place. I doubt that carpets have at all been replaced since their opening. The smell can really get to you and for me I had a headache and watery eyes. The pool at the resort was ok. the adult pool was rather small and they sure do overcharge for the buckets of beers. For my next trip I think I'd do better to stay further down the strip near everything and also a much cleaner/fresh resort.
2	I am struggling to find nice things to say about this place. The hotel is a nice room with a lock. I like that. The view is terrible. The resteraunt are all cheap food, I would never reconmend eating there. There is a mini mart in the walk way between there and Luxor, sells relatively good priced alochol, taking into concideration all alcohol on the stip is expensive. Oh! They have a pool and they don't give a damn if we drink our alcohol in the water. That is a huge plus. Luxor is hard noised about it.
2	Its OK if you can get past that overwhelming smoky musty smell. For the price it is fine. I only stay a weekend when I go to Vegas, but if you are going for longer, upgrade to a nicer hotel. The rooms are outdated, and don't appear clean...but that may be due to the age of the hotel.
3	Ok rooms,alittle old, but great pool with slide for kids,great location for walking out side the Hotel on the strip....
1	This place is a nightmare. Dark, dingy, musty, reeks of cigarettes...insert any adjective for repulsive. But this does not compare to being SCAMMED TWICE by the Excalibur. In February 2012 my boyfriend and I were stopped by an Excalibur employee as were walking through the casino floor."Are you going to come back to Vegas this year?"  he asked. Of course we are. We love this place.After a few qualifying questions such as where do you live and how old are you, he told us we could get a great deal for returning customers. $99 for 2 nights and 2 show tickets. I'm normally a Cosmopolitan or Bellagio girl but I don't go to Vegas to hang out in the hotel room.  I am also a huge fan of Groupon and Living Social deals so I signed up on the spot.When we arrived Friday afternoon we were told about the tour we were required to go on. "What tour?!" my boyfriend and I both asked it in complete horror. The 5 hour TIMESHARE tour we are required to go on in order to get our 2 nights and 2 show tickets for the $99 we already paid them. Long story short...we didn't have to go on the tour but we lost our $99 and we had to pay for our 2 nights. I would rather do that then spend 5 hours on a bus and lose precious time in Vegas. We booked at the Excalibur through expedia.com and got 2 nights for $170 but when we checked-in decided to upgrade to the jacuzzi suite for $50 more a night (which somehow totals $145 extra instead of $100 according to my final bill). As I mentioned before, PASS. But it gets better. When we initially told them we didn't want to do the tour they threatened to charge us full-price for the 2 nights and we wouldn't get the rooms. We finally agreed they wouldn't charge us the penalty if we did book on our own and lost the $99. I was angry but agreed to it. I just came home and checked my credit card to discover that they did indeed charge us for the penalty. So I've been SCAMMED TWICE by the Excalibur. I ended up paying $550 for 2 nights. For just the room. That typically goes for $70 a night. Suffice it to say, I will NEVER stay here again.For my full review, please visit my travel blog: http://memtolax.com/2012/07/01/the-excalibur-hotel-las-vegas-nv/
1	It looks nice and shiny on the outside, but like most medieval latrines, it's all shit on the inside.  Yeah, the casino floor isn't too bad and if you bet enough on the bar machines, you get free drinks.  These two factors alone do not merit a second star.  Unfortunately my girlfriend and I made the mistake of actually getting a room here.(If you want to only read my review of our room and stay, please skip to the section entitled, "Our Second Mistake.")The only reason we gave The Excalibur a chance was due to those delightful employees in blazers standing at every entrance.  We were stopped by one on our way out after getting massages at the spa on Super Bowl Sunday.  "Are you guys coming back to Vegas in the next 12 months? Yes? How about a deal?'Sure, deals are great!  Basically for a $99 deposit we would get a room for 2 nights and $99 worth of show tickets.  We joked at the idea of staying in a knight themed room and signed up.  We were told that we would only be out our deposit if we didn't book within a year. We made our reservations and we told to use the rotunda entrance in the rear which I would describe as the asshole of the castle.  We walked up to the desk, gave our information and the woman gave her spiel mentioning, "The tour," twice.  We both did a double take and asked our new desk friend to clarify.  Apparently we had singed up for a 2-3 hour tour of The Excalibur's timeshare (which we heard from a few sources throughout the weekend that it was more like 5 hours).We backpedaled and told her nicely that we did not sign up for a timeshare presentation.  She had claimed that when we originally singed up we initialed next to the tour agreement.  First off, I read everything I sign, and second, I would never sign up for a timeshare presentation.  I've made that mistake once and I will never do it again.  When I asked them to produce the document they couldn't and gave some bullshit reason regarding accounting.We decided to skip the tour and eat the $99 deposit, which they said would be our penalty.  We found a cheap deal through expedia, and decided to give the Knight Themed room a try.Our Second MistakeOnce we got to the front desk to claim our room we saw that there was an upgrade for $50 a night for a hot tub in the room.  I rarely turn down a hot tub and we were looking for a relaxing vacation, so we splurged.The room was dull and the only knight themed decor were the plastic sconces on the wall and the shield crest on the headboard...oh and the pictures of crowns in the bathroom, which  will now refer to as the ice skating rink.  The walls were bland and the tub sat in the round tower you see on the corners of the exterior.We ALWAYS pull the dry clean only comforter off the bed first thing.  Anyone who thinks they clean those is just fooling themselves.  We then noticed the holes in the bed sheets and it then sank in that we had made a mistake.Don't expect anything from a room upgrade in the ice skating rink.  The shower reminded me of my Grandma's when I was a kid, before they remodeled.  If you get any water on the floor, and you will because the non tub showers leak, you WILL be in for slip or two, and if you take anything from this review, just be careful after you shower.  Oh, and ALL towels smelled of mildew.  It was disgusting and unacceptable.The internet in the room consisted of an ethernet cable that barely reached the bed.  It had a broken prong and had to be held at an angle to keep the connection, which made it difficult to order theater tickets because it took three or four tries to progress to the next page.When I called the spa/pool desk to ask if they had wifi by the pool, the lady just laughed at me.  Even their employees think this place is a joke, and that says a lot.  They ended up charging us for the two rooms we didn't get with the timeshare scheme and $147 for the "$100" upgrade.  In total $550 was spent for two nights there.  We would have happily spent that at a nicer hotel and been perfectly content, and we suggest you do as well.   *Accepts Credit Cards (Absolutely, but I don't recommend you letting them get a hold of it.)
2	This hotel isn't so bad for the price compared to the more expensive luxurious hotels located on the strip. I gotta admit though, I wish I had stayed at the other hotels like, Encore or The Bellagio, but I can't complain. The rooms were BIG, we got a room with two queen sized beds and it was able to fit 7 people in there comfortably. Though it's an older hotel, I don't think the smell of smoke is as bad as some reviewers say. I stayed in the MGM on my last visited and the moment those doors opened it was like a WHOOSH of cigarette smoke straight into your face. It's like they don't even try to filter the air in the hotel. x.x Oh, if I were to ever go here again, I'd bring a thicker blanket because the blankets that they offer us are SERIOUSLY thin and the AC is ALWAYS on even though you turned it off. This hotel has a "family-oriented" feel to it, I guess it's because of the Castle-like exterior that makes kids want to come here. The next time I'd spend a little more money on one of the newer hotels further down the strip. Maybe it'll feel more "adult-like" and has that VEGAS feel I heard so much about.
3	As a kid, the first time I was in Vegas I stayed at Excalibur. I remember thinking it was a magical place like Disneyland because it's designed like a castle. Now... not so much. It's not the best hotel but you get what you pay for. I was barely in the room anyway.Pros:The hotel is cheap. It is on the strip (far end).Cons:There is no central air conditioning. There is a loud unit. Room service was extremely slow. It took a long time for my friends to get some towels.
2	This is the Motel 6th Century of Las Vegas.The Excalibur is a cheap hotel, but with all the necessities. Room was okay, air conditioning was super cold. The main reason for the low review is the terrible customer service. It stinks from the top down. Every department, every manager, every associate. The only exception were the bartenders at the casino bars. Front desk, horrible. There was a tie for worst between a troll in the baggage area and the manager at the front of the buffet.
3	Stayed from July 1st till July 5th, 2012.+ Cheap, even with the $15/day resort fee+ South end of the Strip, easily accessible by DEUCE bus ($7 for 24 hr pass) and Monorail+ Got free upgrades to room worth $50 more+ Clean room, no smell of cigarette smoke on the room (Tower III, Floor 13)+ AC works well. Outside temp was 104.+ Courteous cleaning staff+ Cheap buffet. Took the 24 hr pass for both Luxor and Excalibur+ Nice view of the strip from windows- Headache inducing smoke on the Casino floor- Pesky time-share selling staff- Walking from parking lot could be a pain, but hey, it is free- No WiFi, only an Ethernet cable to plug in into your laptop- TV reception was BAD, even though they had LCDs- Adult themed dancers at one end of the casino floor, avoid if with kids, take a detour to get to your floor
3	I stayed here on my first visit to Vegas. It was not a bad hotel! Didn't try the buffet but the beds were okay not too bad.. The set up was fine in the room.. Getting towels was a pain in our butt since we had a couple folks in our room. They took towels never gave us enough back. Weird! But besides that I enjoyed the service.
1	Well this place is good for the price, for the most part clean, except for the elevator carpet. The beds are hard, didn't get a good night sleep for the most part. The roll up curtain on the window was broken and was not repaired even after I twice called for it to be repaired. The buffet absolutely stinks, worst buffet I've been to in a while and I only went in there cause I had a voucher, the older lady at the cash register was rude and didn't even want to answer basic questions regarding the food. Get another job lady, Walmart is hiring ticket checkers, I can give you a letter of recommendation, I promise. The cleaning ladies were cool and accommodating, no complaints there. The bartenders were rude, especially when you gave them the free drink voucher which you get with your stay, although you do pay a resort fee. No bueno. The price is the only thing this place has going for itself. I'm gonna say that I'll probably not stay here again. Sucks, but it is what is. I say that only because this place has potential and a little bit of tlc and this joint might be back. Plus before I forget, wtf? 1.00 dollar for every arcade game? Wow!!!
4	If you are looking for a beautiful, modern, 5 star hotel....stay somewhere else. There are plenty of options, so stop complaining like the Excalibur mislead you to believe you were walking into a 5 diamond resort that you paid a fraction of the price for. I have stayed here plenty of times. They offer great deals, are conveniently located, and have good options for gaming and food. You can't beat a place that is basically connected to 4 other hotel/casinos, especially in the Vegas summer heat. Most of the bartenders and dealers are nice and I have always thought that service staff was friendly as well. I don't go to Vegas to stay in my room though. We go out all day, come back to refresh, then go out again until it's time for some sleep. That's why we almost always stay at Excalibur or Luxor. It may not be a fancy hotel, but I'm also not looking to spend all of my money on a room I'm never in. The Excalibur works very well for us. If you want to stay in the lap of luxury, go spend $250-500/night at Bellagio, Venetian, or Ceasar's, etc. If you want an affordable, convenient place that leaves you more money for some Vegas fun, hit up the Excalibur.
3	The standard room is not bad for the price. I paid $29.00 per day plus $15.00 resort fee excluding taxes. The room comes with 2 queen size beds, single unit a/c, free usage of electronic safe, wired internet, flat screen tv with limited channels and no fridge; also, shower has good hot water pressure. The pool closes at 7:00 p.m. which I think is too early. I will recommend this hotel for overnight stay.
5	This place gets a worse rep than it deserves. You should go into the stay knowing that you are not staying at the Cosmo or Wynn. You didn't pay the price for it, so why would you expect something similar?I checked in at about 10 am. The clerk was very friendly and even waived the resort fee because I was celebrating my birthday! My room was clean and it faced the Luxor pyramid. It looked similar to an average Holiday Inn inside the rooms. As a first time gambler, I enjoyed the $5 minimums on the table games and the friendly dealers. I also visited the pool. I liked that there was an adult pool area! The main pool and connecting hot tub were filled with kids. The adult pool was nice because it wasn't too crowded and I ended up meeting great people to party with later on that night!If you are a cheap college student looking for a place to crash that is not sketchy, I recommend Excalibur!
2	Okay, I admit it, I've stayed here. While broke in college, this was the cheapest hotel we could get. It's what you pay for unfortunately, the rooms are dingy and old, feels like you're at a Circus Circus, but maybe worse. There wasn't even a bathtub in the bathroom, it was an old shower stall. Egad. Definitley felt a bit dirty staying here.There's a midway game center for kids, and big kids like me to play in. But, I will say, if you want to play blackjack for cheap, this is the place to go to. Or if you want to see Thunder from Down Under. Other than that, spend a little more money to stay somewhere nicer!
3	OUTSIDE- Hotel is old compared to other hotels nearby. But not as bad as being on the Stratosphere side. The hotel is dark (but so are most hotel/ casinos). The outside hasn't been changed since they opened so not as appealing as say the Aria Hotel. Parking is free and nice to have a garage. But the garage is not very big and the majority of their parking here is open (which is not fun when climb into the car in 110 degree weather).INSIDE- Check was a pain in the ass to find. But once we found it check in was fast and easy. BUT no thanks to the extra resort fee of 15 dollars! Which is to paid seperate from when you book your room. Inside of the casino was dark defiantly castle like but if you like that, cool. ROOM- To my surprise the room was nice. The rooms have been updated and renovated so the decor is modern and clean. We did not like our room because we were placed on the 3rd floor and a beautiful view of a stupid wall. When you check in I recommend requesting a room on a higher floor. The beds were not super fluffy but was not terrible. Bathroom is big and had nice counter space. The shower was alright, the shower head in our bathroom was old so water pressure was uneven. We had a joint room which could connect to another if your staying with others but I didn't need our neighbors constantly trying to open the door. That door also doesn't not keep sound out... Could hear our neighbors talking very clearly.POOL- nice big pools. Four pools. One BIG main pool which is nice because it isn't as populated as the others. There is an Adult pool with a bar connected. Another pool which contained the waterslide and ALL the children (avoided that). And then a smaller pool. The pools were bot bad for an older hotel.Overall not a bad place. It is dated, but it's good for families with little kiddos.
3	Yes this is a cheap place to stay- but the rooms are not that good.But then again when you are in Vegas you are never in your room. If you are looking better quality in rooms, baths, etc.. this is not the hotel to go to.
3	My friends and I were looking for a cheap hotel for EDC so I booked us a room through a special on the EDC website.  When we arrived we found out that their computer systems went down and check in was taking longer than usual. We waited about 2 hours in line to check in.  It wasn't that bad, they offered us free drink coupons, water and cookies.  Our room was as I expected it to be, nothing fancy.  Overall we had a good experience here.  The staff was friendly, they had a lot of my favorite gold fish machines to play and the hotel is in a good location.  I would stay here again.
1	We decided to do a Vegas trip for my husband's Birthday with our two children. So we went to the Excalibur dungeon that has a bunch of carnival and arcade games. A lot of the games were broken and very few coin machines worked. Whatever, my 3.5 year old was happy and that was all we wanted. The insult came when I was discreetly nursing my 2 month old in an out of the way place and I was approached by an employee who told me where the bathrooms were and suggested I would be more comfortable there. I asked  why she thought I would be more comfortable in a bathroom feeding my child where people defecate and she didn't have an answer. Eventually she just wakes away. I will never stay at this hotel after that. One of the few family friendly areas in the hotel and I'm asked to feed my infant in a bathroom... Just no.
1	This place was horrible. The buffet was horrendous. The food was cold and dry, and they block the numbers to all the pizza and delivery places trying to trap you to eat the crappy food. The hotel staff only interacted with us once when they duped us into "free tickets" which was actually a scheme to get us to go to a 3 hour time share meeting - They accost you every time you walk by.  VERY ANNOYING!!! The staff was haggard and unfriendly other wise. The cocktail servers are slow, and look like they hate their life. There was a spot of BLOOD in our shower when we first checked in. The only good thing was the Baja Fresh (mexican fast food) and the location. Stay somewhere else. This place is the worst and I'm no princess.
4	This has always been my home away from home.  They treat me well, upgrade my room, free food and drink vouchers and serve me like the queen that I am.  Do not be fooled though, this came at a price.  Being a huge gambler makes this all possible.  Once you win their money they want you to keep coming back to lose it all back to them.  Whatever it is, I'll take it.  The pool area is clean and upgraded from what it used to be.  The rooms have been upgraded and are more comfortable.  The food court located on the 2nd floor of the casino is amazing and boasts names like Krispy Kream doughnuts, McDonald's, Starbucks and so many others.  Not to mention, this hotel is close to the airport and near some of the other big hotels like Mandalay Bay, Luxor, New York New York and MGM Grand.
2	I love this place, when I bring my 6 year old with me to Vegas, this is the place to stay.  I've also stayed here child-free as well.  If you have kids with you, this is the perfect place.  Waterslide at the pool and the waterslide is connected to a shallow pool.  There's an arcade inside, the Tournament of Kings show, it's walking distance to many shops.  There's a McDonalds inside for the kids.  Even if you're staying without kids, they have a small 18+ pool, and another large pool.  The thing I love most about this place, it's very fairly priced but not gross like Circus Circus, I've always had good customer service experiences here.  The only thing I'm going to complain about....that stupid $15 per night resort fee which is the only reason why my rating is so low.  We've stopped staying here and are opting for hotels that do not charge the fee.  I don't like being forced to pay for things I will not use.  So have booked a room for my son and I for Golden Nugget instead.
1	Horrible. The woman checking us in reprimanded us for not having exactly the information she needed. I am sorry I didn't have the right info, but it was found, and I didn't need to be chastised at the end of it all. The concierge was even rude. There were people in the lobby shilling for theater tickets who were astoundingly aggressive. The room window faces a cinder block wall. Huge. The entire field of vision. The bed has no apron so you can see the box springs- and you know that's classy. If this was all happening in Laredo, or Sandusky, or Duluth I would think it par for the course. But in Vegas? Come on. Never again. (sorry and no offense Laredo, Sandusky, and Duluth).
2	Having to write this review as I am truly saddens me.  This used to be one of my favorite places in Vegas to visit; and now...well....read on..The wife and I ventured to Vegas with the family to celebrate the birthday of one of cousins.  We chose a cheap motel that was in walking distance to the "Four Corners" of hotels that anchored the intersections of Las Vegas and Tropicana Blvds.  The Excalibur is one of these attractions, and we were looking forward to a saucy mix of casino fun and Medieval themed romp that the hotel was known for.  The key word for our experience was: Disappointment.The hotel opened in 1990, and the first time I visited was in 1993 when my then-fiance (now ex-wife) paid a visit to look into possibly getting married at the Hotel's Canterbury wedding chapel.  Even though we wound up getting married elsewhere, we had a blast here.  The hotel/casino was a perfect combination of adult casino fun and medieval dungeony..dragony..King Arthury whimsy.Now.. I realize that this was during the 90s, and during this time, Vegas was trying to re-invent itself as a resort for all members of the family (anyone remember when they had a water park...right there on the strip?)  Many of the casinos had attractions that appealed to all ages...and Excalibur was one of the most well-known of these.Then the new millenia came, and Vegas and its attractions began to re-assert themselves as playgrounds for adults.  Don't get me wrong, I'm all for this.  Adults need their own version of Disneyland as well.  What's so sad with the Excalibur these days is that its lost its whimsy...its lost its magick.  Food courts have replaced most of the medieval/fantasy themed shops that made the place fun to patronize.  In fact, the only two such shops left are "Kids of the Kingdom" and "The Dragon's Lair" (which is still an awesome place to shop for dragon and fairy shirts and prints).  The "Medieval Times"-esque Tournament of Kings dinner show is still there...but also is the Thunder from Down Under male strip dinner show.  There is still a Fun Dungeon downstairs with circus/midway type games where kids can win tickets for prizes...as well as what passes these days for an arcade, but its a far cry from what it used to be years ago...its almost an afterthought now.Most of the Arthurian statues and suits of armor and mural artwork has been removed and replaced with a restaurant where the staff and waiters make fun of you (Dick's Last Resort)...really?...really?!  You'd think that kind of douchebag-ish behavior was more of a match at New York, New York.Now.. I will say this.  There are a tremendous number of places to eat here, in a whole gamut of price ranges.  But when I talked to one of the Krispy Kreme workers, he told me that right behind where I was standing was going to be yet another food court!...with 6 more eateries!! *le sigh*Yes... I understand...Las Vegas is about consumerism and making money.  I get that.  But really, a balance needs to be struck.  Neither the wife nor myself appreciated being accosted and, for lack of a better term, panhandled by various staff members; asking us if were going to be in Vegas very long and trying to sell us timeshares!  I almost felt like we were in Mexico with all the up-scale panhandling going on...it was almost *that* aggressive!We left the Excalibur feeling rather sad.  What used to be a fun place of adult romping and playing mixed in with nice touched of Ren Faire whimsy has, thanks to recent rennovations, become a hollow shell of itself.  Its become little more than a pretty resort and hotel in the shape of a castle.  All glitz and glamour to look at on the outside...with little substance left on the inside.
1	We bought two rooms for 2 nights each off one of the discount sites...BIG MISTAKE. Dirty Filthy Disgusting place with horrible service.-We paid $40/ night for two nights,  found out we were not allowed to ask for adjoining rooms or same floor before check in....What a joke.- Got there and found out about $15/Day FACILITY FEE thus making the rooms same price as the hotels we WANTED to stay in...."F*cked at the drive through"  though I'll but they all do this now..buyer beware.- We were practically GANG BANGED by the TIME SHARE PEOPLE rabidly working the lobby(EMPLOYED BY THE HOTEL FOR THE HOTEL!), which is exactly what we DIDN'T want after being up 24 hours and in the car for 5.-Asked for adjoining rooms and were told none available and if we wanted to wait another hour,t here "might" be...WHAT A JOKE.- No Parking except in back lot garage 300 yards from building, so when we finally checked in, I moved car to Valet for luggage help....one guy came out and unloaded our luggage onto cart, then told us to go find a valet...once we did, the luggage guy informed us that he wouldn't be taking our luggage to room, someone else would.  He took us to desk and told us to leave luggage and they would bring it up later...I told him no, I was not leaving laptop and would just take cart myself....Desk Luggage guy told me, "No , you can't take cart, its our policy, you can just wait, were busy (I had been up 26 hours traveling and working.).....SO, we got to WAIT for SHITTY service and tip THREE people to get our car parked and our luggage dropped at room... when we got settled, our friend left something in car, VALET told them they were busy and wouldn't bring the car around for another 90 minutes....-FREE WIFI is on an unsecured network!- In the meantime, wife went to  check into OUR room and found VOMIT ALL OVER BATHROOM AND BLACK PUBIC HAIR ON PILLOW CASE.....she called desk and they informed her "that room is marked clean, its OK..."  When she demanded another room they asked her if she wanted to pay $30 for a "VIEW fee" to get a room with a view.....WHAT A JOKE.- I met our traveling companions in elevator and told him this story, the girls next to me informed me that their room was just issued to them with the words "I LOVE YOUR PENIS" written on the mirror in Sharpie.....the desk also told them the room was marked "CLEAN"well, at least there is PENIS LOVE in the universe...Stay elsewhere.......Don't pay for the view, and love thy neighbors' penis...
3	If you are looking for reviews for Excalibur you are probably looking for hotels on the cheap and to spend more time on the strip than in the hotel. This one is pretty good for that, but I would shoes Ballys over this. You definitely get what you pay for. Rooms are very sub-par, towels hade a funky smell (like years of cigarette smoke trying to be bleached out). Room it pretty basic. One thing that was great was the coupon book you get! 2 free drinks and 2 free admission to LAX night club in Luxor, but that's it. Cheap tables to gamble at.
3	For the price its worth it but dont expect class A service.PRO's-Hotel checkin fast, casino is huge and very clean, lots of restaurants and affortable options, room was very big (widescreen rooms) clean, central ac, bathroom was very big and clean. most standards for hotels were standard here.  room service was good, cheap, fast.  pool was actually awesome. they let you bring outside drinks which is a plus, but the bar there at the pool is cheap to.  I would stay here again if it was a option due to a small budget.CON's-it's a step above circus circus because they do have a floor of arcade games and table games for kids so be prepared to see a lot of kids, especially at the pool.  hallways were very old, outside of the hotel is very old looking, and the beds were terrible, it was like sleeping on the floor.  pillows were no help either but for the price it is one of the cheaper options besides imperial palace which i wouldnt stay at imperial palace again.
1	I wish I didn't have to stay here on my very first trip to Vegas but because boyfriend and I went with a friend's family, we didn't really have a choice. We slept on the floor for free hah! BUT WHY IS IT SO DAMN COLD AT NIGHT DURING THE SUMMER!? Also, the shower in our room was broken. NOT COOL having water going in my face when I just want to take a shower. I wish I was old enough to gamble.. that might have brought my rating up a star or two, but since this place sucked ONE STAR. There was no wifi...The pool is not deep at all and I kept stepping on those stupid plastic shit and hurting my feet... The "dungeon" or whatever it is called is the worst arcade I have yet to see. I would even prefer chuck e. cheese. CONS- the parking is so packed and far from the hotel- they have these feather pillows? NOT COMFORTABLE.- Broken shower- VERY VERY LOUD A/C- NO WIFI .....- This place just sucked.PROS- at least I didn't have to pay for it.Overall, if I was forced to stay here if I had the chance to go to Vegas again, I would just stay home. Just was not a good experience for me.
3	The price - okay. I got a free upgrade and it was actually REALLY nice. Nicer than New York New York's basic rooms, actually. I came here for EDC weekend and it was a hot mess. 3 hours to checkin? I wanted to cry. But staff was nice... they were handing out free beers and drink tickets for later (and boy did I take advantage).The room was nice and roomy. Everything was upgraded. There was a flat screen TV in the room but it had terrible grainy reception, so it wasn't worth turning on anyway. What also bothered me was the fact that the folks at Excalibur always found a way to throw advertisements under my hotel door. Okay, guys. I don't want your crap, guys. But you know what... for the price and a place to stay, it was OK. Plus when you're in Vegas, how much time are you really spending in your hotel room?
4	We drove out on Friday and went bar hopping got drunk,ate,gambled an all that good $hit, Until our check in which was at 3pm Sat ... Obviously we are not in a movie an time doesn't pass as fast as a 30 sec montage, and by the time it was 7 am we were DONE. Even though we knew early check in was at 12 pm. We decided to just go ahead an ask the front desk if we could get an earlier time. They were friendly and  told us that there would have a room  ready at 9 am and we got upgraded room  to a higher floor and widescreen room for only 20 bucks... We were just  annoying  guests an called the front desk multiple times for more pillows, blankets,towels and wake up calls etc not only did it only take about 5 mins each time for them to come up. They were really polite and nice each time.I've read so many horrible reviews for this hotel... I was scared coming into the hotel but it was surprisingly great .For 40 bucks ??? Yes Please ! ^-^
4	Excalibur is nothing fancy but it gets the job done if you come to Vegas during a busy period.My group of friends and I booked this hotel for New Year's Eve weekend. Hotels are a lot more expensive during holidays but Excalibur had the lowest prices. We got a regular widescreen room was was actually a good size and clean room for what we paid for. Regardless, we are out of the room doing things most of the time.Excalibur is great location-wise. It's right at the intersection next to New York New York, MGM Grand, and Tropicana. It's also directly connected to Luxor which directly connects to Mandalay Bay. Basically, you can hit up six major casinos without having to walk far. It's also very easy to get in and out being right off Interstate 15.Excalibur also has a food court with a variety of places (even a McDonalds) which is good for people looking to eat cheap.The bottom line is that if you are going to Vegas during the off-season, there are nicer hotels you can get at a low price. But during a time like New Year's, this is one of the best places you can stay at.
1	About one year ago, I stayed here and my room was broken into and robbed. Not only my room but 3 other rooms on my floor.The head of security was very nice and seemed upset that they got through 4 rooms before being stopped. However, the front desk was very mean. Telling us they didn't have another room for us to go to yet, making us wait upwards of an hour in the wee hours of the morning when I just wanted to sleep and forget about all of it until the morning. So I called the person who is in charge of "making things right" who insisted Excalibur is at no wrong doing. She offered us a stay in a standard room. I told them, I have been coming there as a kid with my family now coming as an adult. I don't want to stay in the standard room again, I am traumatized. They said no, standard room or nothing. I thought a suite would really say, please let's keep a good thing going here. And an upgraded room would say, we're sorry, we can't put you in a suite, but we care about you. But no they gave us the same standard room that got broken into. Which by the way is not worth it, spend $20 and get the upgrade..So I'm going back to Vegas and I am not going to take them up on the standard room. I won't list the hotel name, but there is one, two even three hotels on the strip with comparable prices. I think I'm going to roll the dice, because no experience can be as bad as this one.  It's a shame they don't value my business.
2	There are a lot of things to write but the only suggestion I can give to anyone who will stay here is try to stay at Tower 2. I got a room with free upgrade but it was at Tower 1 and everything is old......from carpet to bed, bathroom, shower, all the furniture and A/C is super loud. If it is same price to stay at Tower 2, I will definitely suggest to do that.
2	This is like a grown up disney world. Lots of parking, rooms cleaned so so. They really could brush up on their cleaning skills in elevators, lobbies, hallways. By no means is this a world class establishment.
1	Fucking pissing me off this place. We arrived today paid all our resort fees for our complimentary internet, get a room on the 4th floor facing a cement wall, will probably change rooms tomorrow, they don't have wireless here just a rj45 plug. We just tried to order room service and they only serve from 6am to 2pm! So no dinner, plus the food court is crap and the buffet and steakhouse received bad reviews!
3	We arrived today paid all our resort fees for our complimentary internet, get a room on the 4th floor facing a cement wall, will probably change rooms tomorrow, they don't have wireless here just a rj45 plug. We just tried to order room service and they only serve from 6am to 2pm! So no dinner. Staff is really nice changed rooms to a pool view and discovered town center two stops on the sex bus, great restaurants there plus a whole foods and an apple store.
2	We stayed at the Excalibur last week, thinking it would be fun for our 5 year old.  He was excited, thinking that we were staying in a castle. The hotel and rooms were decent and it had some good restaurants, but the idea that it is a family friendly hotel fell short.  The pool closed at 7 pm (the water slide at 6pm).  What a better way to spend family time but in the pool, and a little later when the sun isn't blazing down. The pool hours really need to be extended.  You should also be able to use the jacuzzi's in the evening.  We were also disappointed on the game floor (dungeon).  It didn't open until 10:30 am, and even then, none of the carnival games were attended. The only option was video games. My son was really disappointed, as we planned to spend some time there before heading home on our last day.  It was also extremely annoying to be stopped 5 or 6 times anytime you walked through the hotel, by the people trying to sell you dinner packages and other entertainment tickets.  They don't take no for an answer. It was not a pleasant experience and this actually made it kind of stressful to walk through the hotel. Also, my son was injured on one of the doors going into the hotel.  His toe got stuck under the bottom, and it sliced his toe. It was gushing blood and he was screaming.  There were several hotel employees standing nearby and no one offered any sort of assistance.
4	Gets the job done, I LOVE THE AC THOUGH, I need cold rooms and its awesome!
4	We came specifically for the games.  I came in empty-handed and I walked out w/ a pink skunk."Thank you, brother for winning this for me."  If you are wondering, the boyfriend lost to his brother at the game (haha).
5	Excalibur for the location and nice views and price cant be beat.  There Jr suit are very nice the size two rooms.I love the Castle over 6 stays..The staff is very nice. And the time share personal tell them nicely no thank you    sorry i cant help you    about 4 times .and they will rember you and leave you a lone  . .Looking forward to my next stay ..
3	This hotel was cheap! It basically got the job done. Its a bit DINGY but hey, you get what you paid for. The pool is actually nicer then i thought it would be, its big, clean and really nice.The front desk and room service employees are extremely nice.All in all, its not that bad!
2	You pay for what you get I guess.  Except the resort fee.  After checking in, we realized we were slapped with the $15/day resort fee.  Fine, whatever.  We were told it included two free drinks per day so we figured that would about balance out.  Well, its actually two free drinks per STAY, not day.Then we go to the pool, and there are no towels ready.  Isn't this what we paid $15 for?The rooms are dingy.  The AC doesn't work right.  Its also hard to navigate through.  They also do not have WIFI...you have to plug in an ethernet cord.  That isn't an option on my Mac.  The daily solicitations on our voicemail was annoying.I'd rather sleep on The Deuce.
4	I loved this place!  It was awesome!  We got to stay in one of their remodeled rooms and only for $25.00!  It is also in a great location on the strip.  We will stay here again in the future.
4	I give them 4 stars we stayed here for 2 nights in a standard room. Very clean and up dated. I was a little worried about this place since the price was cheaper then most hotels on the strip.  And the reviews are low. But I disagree  Excalibur was great I would go back  and stay here. If price is a big deal you can't go wrong staying here. The casino was no different then any other casino. The food choices are ok price are high but that is the same everywhere on the strip. One bad thing was the buffet we were lazy and decided to eat diner there. That was a bad mistake. not good at all. Do not eat the buffet here.You are on the lower end of the strip but you have to choose  an area of the strip to stay so that is not a issue.
4	A storybook castle gleams to bring fanciful fables to life, of dragons and knights, damsels and unicorns, Merlin the magician and King Arthur. This realm features jousting tournaments, fair maidens, period tapestries, exquisite carpeting, armored sentries, regal royalty, and overall ornate surroundings nicely done.Dining recommendation: Roundtable Buffet. Excellent service, attractive maidens, beautiful environment featuring knight on horse and impressive chandeliers, delicious foode. 5/5.Entertainment recommendation: Tournament of Kings, which also features "medieval dining", very much resembling "Medieval Times". 5/5.
3	Excalibur is one of the oldest and largest hotels on the Las Vegas Strip. Tower 1 being much older than Tower 2 you may want to request a room in tower two as i was told tower one was kind of sketchy. The base of tower two is where the pool entrance is and also has better access to the parking lot in the back. The resort as a whole, i think was very versatile in that is has pretty much something for everyone. The bottom floor where the Tournament of Kings show is has a huge arcade that any kid would eat their vegetable to be let lose in for an hour or five. On the casino level there is a Dick's Last Resort for the adults to get rowdy and have a few. The food court area was decent and has a little bit of everything to cure your hangover and then some. Unfortunately i didn't make it to the buffet, I that is mostly because if you planned to do the buffet its a better value to pay for the whole day (breakfast lunch and dinner) $35 than pay for individual meals. I didn't want to have to be in the hotel for every meal as Excalibur is in a great location to explore the MGM, Luxor, and New York New York.TRAVELING COUPLES: Excalibur and many other hotels will target you on the casino floors and ask you if you want free tickets to a show....of course you do. This is a timeshare pitch that will suck 3-4 hours out of your day which I found out too late. I did get two tickets to the Tournament of Kings which were $65 a pop but 4 hours of my saturday was spend touring a condo facility and being pitched the idea of buying into a timeshare. Just an FYI
2	Resembles Disney land from outside but is nowhere close to a luxury hotel. The moment you enter the lobby you are greeted with a wierd odor that turns you off. It's way too strong and gave me sneezes. The so called tower room had a horrid view... Facing the other tower. And the amenities suck. Pillow covers and comforter were torn and room stank. The only things positive was that house keeping was prompt and pool area is awesome to relax. Oh and did I mention it's the only hotel on earth that does not have wifi and just one horrid LAN cable.., well that's ridiculous.  Even motel6 has high speed wifi... Next time I visit Vegas. I wouldn't mind paying a few extra bucks n staying on the strip in some pricey hotel... At least I cud brag abt it...
1	Well, you pay for what you get. I'd stayed at Mandalay prior to this and OMG it was night and day. I got here early and asked for a great view, which I got. That was the coolest part of my stay. This hotel is ghetto. It's ugly outside but you can forgive that but the rooms feel like they've not been updated since 1973. The wallpaper in Tower 1 looks original; we were on a nonsmoking floor that had to have been a smoking floor at some point. The room had two small lights. One lamp by the bed and an old kind of hanging light over this ugly small table. They do not have wifi in this hotel either. They did have an ethernet (if you have a laptop and not a tablet!). The view rocked but the water pressure in the hotel was practically just a drip; I hated it. It was sooooo 1970s, no wonder I paid $80 a night.
3	As a recent weekend guest, I will say Excalibur did surprise me. I've never really liked this hotel (maybe I'm just not a huge fan of the cheesy medieval times theme) but stayed here because everyone else in my party booked their rooms here. We got a really good deal (Friday-Sunday) at $75 a night in the renovated tower (tower 1) as well as 2 free drink coupons. Staff at check-in were very helpful and accomodating, allowing our party of 9 in 3 seperate rooms to all be on the same floor and room pretty close by each other. It was awesome that we all booked completely seperate but still got to stay in rooms close to each other. The room I stayed in had a king bed and a nice view of the strip. We asked for a non-smoking room but it smelled like smoke in the room. The renovations are nothing spectacular but nice enough. Honestly, we weren't in the room much anyways so as long as it's clean, I'm fine with it. If you're looking for amazing rooms, stay somewhere else. The hotel itself was fine but again, nothing great. We checked out the food court upstairs (McDonalds,Quiznos, Auntie Anne's, Krispy Kreme, Pizza Hut) and the buffet. There's also a baha fresh downstairs. Buffet was OK, priced a little too high for what you get ($47 for 2 at dinner). Loved the service here and the room worked for what we needed. I still wouldn't prefer to stay here but the location is good and so are the room prices. I have a little bit better view of Excalibur now and can say I've stayed here.
3	My friends and I took a quick trip to Vegas and stayed at the Exclalibur Hotel.  We received pretty good service - we got a free room upgrade to start. We stayed in a "Widescreen Room," which was clean and big enough for the three of us. The service throughout the hotel was nice - there were suited ppl walking around eager to help you find the various services Excalibur has to offer.  Their pool - called "Drenched," had plenty of seating for a hot Saturday, which was a plus. I enjoyed my stay overall; in fact, the only thing I didn't particularly like the fact that they charged my card an additional $33 without telling me; but I let that go because it was late when we checked it and perhaps the neglect wasn't intentional.  We received great customer service, proper directions and confortability. I would come back, of course.
2	So I'm gonna break this down into segments because there are far too many things swirling around my head right now to regurgitate it out into any form of organized thought.1. The HotelWhen I booked the room, I reserved a non-smoking king bed standard room.... upon arrival, I was told they were "sold out" of king bed rooms. Only after my wife sarcastically stated something about a comp upgrade, and several moments hesitation and thought, did the front desk clerk "upgrade" us to a non-smoking double queen bed room with a view. As we made out way up to the room I was thinking, "ok, we're staying in a castle themed hotel... I can only imagine what the rooms look like" Boy was I wrong. The room as plain, nondescript, and boring. The only castle themed items in the room was a framed drawing of a shield hanging above the toilet. The beds were comfortable, but plain. The dresser and table had scratches, chips, and dings showing years of use. The only new...ish thing in the room was the TV, a wall-mounted flat panel 42" TV. The view was good, but for me at least, it didn't make up for the other problems.2. The CasinoNo problems here. My wife and I love playing roulette and Excalibur had both live dealer roulette and something called Organic Roulette where a machine spun the ball and players have their own touch-screen display to place their chips. Both were fun, but I enjoy live dealer play more (especially if the dealer has personality). One thing will say positively of the casino floor was that they had multiple roulette tables open. Three $5 minimums and 1 $10 minimum tables which I appreciate because it can take a while for a seat to open up if there is only one table. The slots are the same as everywhere, so I can't bash Excalibur or praise them.3. The Dining Experience:Oh buddy.... where to begin. Let's see, momma always said start off with a compliment. There is really only one redeeming quality about Excalibur that would make me deliberately want to go back (only to eat, btw), Dick's Last Resort (reviewed on it's own Yelp page). The other dining experiences were disappointing to say the least. Excalibur has a little bit of everything: Dick's, a BBQ place, a food court, a steakhouse, a buffet, and room service dining. The problem... THEY ALL CLOSE! The room service is allow offered between the hours of 0600 and 1400 (6am and 2pm). The only... let me pause for dramatic effect... ONLY 24hr dining options are McDonald's, Starbucks, and Krispy Kreme. WTF?!?!?!?!?! We don't go on vacation and spend hundreds of dollars to eat the same shit I can get down the street of my house! Vegas casinos are 24hr operations... they purposefully build the place without windows and do not install clocks so that patrons will not know what time it is and keep gambling. That said, you would think that an operation the wants people gambling 24 hrs a day would want those same people fed and happy during that whole time, right? Wrong. I even called the front desk one night because I was hungry for real food and not a BigMac or a fucking doughnut. I spoke with Mary, the manager of guest services, and was told that because Excalibur caters to the family audience (people who bring their kids) they find that the majority of patrons are not active nor hungry during early morning hours. I was also told, more or less, that she didn't care about my concerns and that there was nothing they could do the make up for the problem.***Please see my other reviews for reviews of the individual restaurants we ate at***4. Overall Experience:I've been to Vegas twice, once to New York New York and then this time to Excalibur... I must say that I was severely disappointed. Between the lack of late night/early morning dining options, the lack of interior theme decorations (it really looked and felt like they blew all their money decorating the outside of the hotel and the entry way to look like a castle, but just went with a Best Western approach for the rooms), and the shocking number of strollers, infants, toddlers, and other variously aged children running around, I would not stay here again. I will, more than likely, return to Dick's Last Resort for a meal or two during my next visit, but I will sleep and gamble at another resort.... one that takes my patronage seriously and treats me like I am the target demographic (21+).Oh... one more thing. There is a small army of hotel minions that will seek out, stalk, and harass ANYONE that walks near them trying to pitch them a deal. They start out with an innocent enough "bait" question to strike up a conversation and it doesn't fucking matter what you say to them (yes or no) they will try to rope you in to signing up for a bogus deal. The deal is you leave a $99 deposit, if you book within 1 year
2	Oh my dear lord. This place man. When I think of Vegas I think of a Disneyland for adults. I mean there are people who are out on the strip night and day handing out cards with naked women on them. This place is called Sin City for a reason and with all the places you can take your kids on vacation in the world I would suggest avoiding Las Vegas. Well most adults (with a brain in their head) feel that way but I have some sad news folks, according to Mary the Manager of Guest Services at The Excalibur they only care about catering to  families with kids and making concessions and accommodations for them. If you are apart of any other demographic, which every other place in Vegas caters to, this place could give two shits about you. Well Mary should consider another profession that has nothing to do with customer service. I was excited to stay here despite the reviews and now I see why they have the reviews they have. Thank God we got comped for 2 nights because it would have been such a waste otherwise. They have no good options when it comes to late night eats. They have McDonald's, Krispy Creme, and Starbucks. Wow how nice. I go on vacation to eat the same things I can get everyday at home. How about no. The McDonald's BTW has the crappiest customer service ever. They run out of everything and are pretty much useless. This place used to have a cafe that was open all night and now it is gone. Mary says that the families do not usually get hungry late at night so they see no reason to have alot of things open. Ain't that a hoot? People who are expected to gamble and drink all night are not expected to want to eat anything half way decent. The room was ok I guess. I was disappointed by their lack of theme in there. I realize that alot of time is not spent in the room and too that it does not matter. For me and my husband though, we pace ourselves so we do spend some time in the room so it does matter to us. I like the cheesy themes in Vegas. It is part of the fun. NYNY was WAY better at keeping the theme throughout. It is a damn shame too because The Excalibur has a wonderful theme to work with. As far as useability goes the beds were comfortable and the TV was nice and new. I liked the marble countertops also. The rest of the furniture was old and banged up and the room did not have fridge or microwave. What the crap?! Even the Travelodge has that. There was no bathtub and the shower and sinks took FOREVER to drain. This was a room in Tower 2 which was an upgrade from the room we originally booked which was a standard room. This was supposed to be one of the newer rooms. It did not really show. We only got upgraded after they had no king sized beds left when we reserved one and I sarcastically asked for an upgrade. After the guy thought about whether to take me serious or not he decided to upgrade us to the contemporary room with a view. I would hate to see what kind of room we originally would have gotten. As far as the casino goes I had a good time there. There was two Roulette  dealers that made it worth my while. Dave and Sandra were awesome and alot of fun. They made the table hot and even when you lost they were at least super nice so it did not sting as much. The slot machines where the same as everywhere. I can't say anything negative about the casino really. They had four 4 $5 minimum Roulette tables open which was great because that tends to be a popular game and getting a seat takes a while. They also one $10 minimum table for the bigger betters. They had some video Roulette machines and also had an Organic Roulette which has a real wheel that is spun by a machine. It has eight video stations and the minimum bet is $3 which is nice. Roulette is my favorite game and it nice to see alot of options for it. The cocktail waitresses came by often. Besides this place crawling with kids it is also crawling with annoying timeshare salesmen. They wait outside the towers to jump you as you leave your room. They are at the front doors, outside restaurants, pretty much everywhere. They ask you if you want free tickets to a show. They want you pay a $99 deposit for a 2 night stay at the hotel and tickets to two shows if you sit through their 3-5 hour timeshare presentation. You have a year to redeem this. We already knew this and tried avoiding them at all costs. I even told them my husband was a one night stand. You answer no to all their questions and they still don't get it. They are pushy and annoying and I would recommend that the Excalibur get rid of them. Guests don't like to be harassed. Or at the very least give them stipulations to take no for an answer. I actually yelled at one as we were checking out because she would not leave me alone. They were at NYNY also but not nearly as bad. Overall I will never stay at this hotel again even if we get comped! I will only come back here gamble if Roulette is lacking elsewhere and eat at Dicks. There are too many other cool places to stay in Vegas.
1	The saying "you get what you pay for" truly comes into play with this "magic castle." I guess this place is OKAY for children, it just wasn't what I expected. I mean c'mon after seeing the outside you expect wizards and some magical unicorn shit. What did I get? A poster of topless men that says "The Thunder Down Under" & shitload of second hand smoking. The rooms were completely gross. We were told that we were going to be upgraded to a "newly remodeled" room. We walked into this room & I felt like I had checked into the Motel 6 that was three blocks down. The beds looked ancient & the TV was the size of a whale. I opened our curtains expecting at least a view, but what did I get? A view.......of a liquor & adult store. FUCKING FANTASTIC. To hell with this place. Circus Circus is the place to go if you want cheap & family friendly!
5	The Excalibur I like this hotel for a couple of different reasons; this was my first Vegas Hotel/casino and I spent the best week staying here.  The hotel isn't centrally located but its in a great location for quickly getting to and from many of the typical touristy attractions.  Its very family friendly and kids were running all over the place when I stayed here (I've been in and out a few times since relocating here and its not that bad now) Its still family friendly and affordable. I've made use of their Parking Lot a few times just because its an easy place to get in and out of and it's a quick walk to the Tram or the BLVD depending on where/what you are doing.  The staff is very accommodating and goes out of their way to make you feel welcome.  I've picked up tickets a few times for shows at other casinos there so that should tell you how customer centric the entire casino staff is. My room, well I didn't spent too much time in it but it was clean, the beds had fresh linens and was easy to get too. I've stayed a few hotels were they make it a challenge for drunken tourist to locate their rooms as they want you to stay on the floor but here it was very nice to experience. We picked the Hotel/casino as it was the cheapest hotel at the time and I know they are still rather affordable but have increased their room rates a bit.  If you want a clean safe Vegas vacation that allows you the opportunity to sneak off and explore the underbelly of the city this is a great place to stay so you won't be expose to too much all at once.
3	I wish I had a chance to see the pool grrrrrr, but overall it was an ok hotel. The price is on the better end especially for location. I usually like gambling at Tropicana so it's nice that it's just across the street. As is MGM and NY, NY. Luxor is a quick walk to the right and Mandalay Bay is reachable by tram. Now they need to build trams going towards the other end of strip towards the Cosmopolitan! Either way, rooms in the upgraded tower are nice, bathrooms are clean. I would have liked a new shower mat or even a towel like other hotels use because the one they gave us look like it was purchased at a garage sale. Didn't utilize the restaurants much but they have decent ones, including a 24 hour krispy kreme. All in all, a good place to stay if you're on a budget and want to stay on the strip and everything else is too expensive. BUT if you're not going on a fight weekend and prices are decent everywhere else, splurge on something nicer.
3	This was our first time staying at Excalibur Hotel and by the varying reviews, we were a little unsure of what to expect. So here's my review and what we honestly thought of the hotel.Exterior:The exterior of the hotel is bright and definitely stands out, especially at night. It actually looks quite magical. However it does not seem "child-like", as some may have mentioned.Interior:The interior of the hotel is nicely decorated and fits with the theme of the medieval castle. And yes, when you walk into the hotel there's a smell of cigarettes and cigars. That's because you have to walk through the casino to get to the check-in desk. Although I can say most hotels did have a smoke odor since you are permitted to smoke in there. The hallways are also musty and have a distinct smell, however that didn't bother us that much since we knew we weren't spending a lot of time at the hotel.The check-in desk:Was fast and friendly. We had no issues with check-in.Our Room:We had a basic non-smoking room with a king size bed. Though the room was nothing to rave about, it was comfortable, and we had a spectacular view! It seemed as if they were in the middle of trying to upgrade the room as some things looked newer, while other things looked older. It was clean though and comfortable. My only complaint is that there is no tub, only a stand-up shower. At times I just wish I could have soaked my feet, but that's okay. We had a hair dryer, plenty of towels, and all the normal hotel necessities like an iron and ironing board. I should also mention that our room DID NOT smell. It was only the hallways.The "Time Share People":Yes, there are people ALL OVER the hotel trying to get you to go on a four hour tour to buy a time share. They will try to bribe you with money, free tickets, free dinner, etc... Just know in advance that it's a big waste of time, so unless you're broke and need the money, DON'T do it. NOTE: These people WILL hound you and follow you around asking questions. At first it was a bit overwhelming, but finally we realized that if we told them we were leaving that night, they pretty much just left us alone and told us to have a good night. A little white lie never hurt, right? You will also encounter these people all over the strip. We used the same trick on all of them and it worked every time.Restaurants:Excalibur has several restaurants to choose from, including their buffet.Dick's Last Resort: Yes, it's fun. But I just don't understand their logic of giving crappy service and making fun of their customers. They make you silly paper hats with crude comments, pretty much throw your plate of food at you, and slam your bill on the table. What gives? I have a sense of humor and could laugh at the hats, but the rest of the "act" was just stupid.Excalibur Buffet: We were really wary about eating here. It was significantly cheaper than most other buffets in the area, but we decided to give it a try. In all honesty it wasn't bad. But it wasn't great. They had a nice variety of foods to choose from. (Just don't eat the scrambled eggs! Yuck!) This is also the only buffet I've been to here that you had to get your own drinks. I was okay with that though. No biggie. It's worth it to go to for a quick breakfast when you don't feel like cruising the strip for a place to eat.Other Stuff:Pools: Yes, Excalibur does have several pools. Compared to other hotels, they're just mediocre, but if you're just looking to spend a few hours there, it's no big deal. To me, a pool is a pool. The only disappointment was that the largest main pool was closed for the season.Thunder From Down Under: As if it's not bad enough there's advertisement for it everywhere you go, but now when you walk into the hotel there's a "station" that has two strapping young lads from the show with minimal clothing on. As you walk past they give women very sexy looks and try to lure you in for a picture with them, which you have to pay for. On several occasions I had the "thunder from down under" guys say, "Do you want a picture taken, sweetie?" Well no, sweetie, I do not want my picture taken with you. In all honesty is seemed a little creepy and I felt like I was being propositioned by a male prostitute.So all-in-all, Excalibur is a decent hotel for the money. Would
5	I checked in on mothers day expecting to get a run down and smoke filled room. When I reached the check in counter, I was greeted by Steven and he was totally nice! We chatted for a bit and I asked for a nice, clean room.  He was so professional and sweet. He told me where the pool was and about the other amenities to enjoy and then gave me my room key, so off I went! I ended up in tower 2 ( upgraded rooms) and took the elevator to the 16th floor. When I opened the door, I was in shock to see how nice it was and when I opened the curtains, I was even more shocked at how beautiful the view was.  I was so pleased and literally ecstatic about my stay. Upon checkout, a very nice operator at guest services named Sue helped me. She was incredibly sweet. The guy at the spa ( didn't catch his name) was so nice also.  He was kind when I checked in for the gym and even let me keep my chocolates inside while I got some last minute rays before checking out.  The pool guys were awesome too. I didn't think I'd have this experience here considering I usually stay elsewhere in Vegas and I'd definitely come back. This stay far exceeded my expectations, thanks to the great staff who helped me! Overall, positive experience :)
3	This was our first trip to Vegas and we booked Excalibur as part of a package deal through Hotwire.  We has reserved the basic room, knowing that we could upgrade once we got to the hotel at check-in (and it was cheaper in doing so there).Before we even got to the check-in desk, we were intercepted by one of those timeshare people.  I know they are just doing their job, and I'm sure the hotel gets some sort of kickback by allowing them to operate inside, but I think they should make a rule with them not to hound someone that is carrying luggage and obviously just got there.  Seriously, these people are freaking everywhere inside and outside the hotel.  We ended up doing the presentation for the free stuff, so after that it was easy to just tell them we already did it.Check-in was great.  We were going to upgrade to the "deluxe" room with a strip view (this means it's in tower 2, which has been upgraded, so it has a pillow top mattress and a 42" TV) with a nightly upgrade price of $30.  She checked and did not have any king size beds in that, only two queens.  I asked her to lower the nightly price to $20, and she agreed.  While she was working on that, I noticed they had spa rooms available, normally $50 per night.  I asked her if she would give us that for $30 a night, and she again agreed.  While working on checking us in, she said that she already put the upgrade price in at $20 per night and the system wouldn't let her change it, so we got the spa room upgrade for $30 cheaper!The only downside to the spa room is that it is at the end of the hall, but that wasn't the end of the world.  The room was very nice for what we were paying.  The Excalibur is one of the older hotels on the strip, so we were not expecting the ultra modern amenities like what you would find in the newer hotels.  We were only on the 8th floor, so we couldn't see all of the strip, but it was still better than looking at the interior building of the hotel.  The spa tub was large, and was very nice to relax in after a long day of walking the strip.  The bathroom was a nice size, plenty of room for two or more people to use to get ready for the day.  The room also included a large safe, big enough to fit our 17" laptop into.When we first got in, the A/C wasn't working.  I called it in, and being that it was 9:30 pm, I didn't expect anything too quick.  The maintenance man was there within 10 min, and had the A/C reset and working again within another 5 min.  We also had an issue with the remote for the TV not working, which they got resolve the next day.  Because of our issues, we got a nice letter from the VP apologizing with some free chocolates.  We already had a big discount on the room, so we didn't ask for anything else, especially since they resolved the issues so quickly.The amenities in the hotel/casino were decent.  We did not eat in any of the sit down restaurants, but they looked nice.  It was nice to have multiple locations to get coffee in the morning, and also to have the McDonalds open 24 hours to grab some food real quick before heading up to the room after a long day.  There is an indoor walkway to the Luxor, which is awesome because the Luxor has some nice amenities over there, as well as one of the shows that we saw.  We were going to do the Tournament of Kings dinner, but they have warnings about people with asthma attending, which I have, and I was sick on top of it, so we did not risk it.The location of the hotel on the strip is not the best, it is on the south end.  However, they have elevated walkways on all sides of the intersection in front of Excalibur, and the monorail stops behind the MGM (across the street diagonally), so you can easily get to the north end of the strip if you need to.  Like I said before, there is an indoor walkway to the Luxor, and also a tram out front that goes to both the Luxor and the Mandalay Bay.We never used the pool, but did walk down there.  It looked nice, but the large main pool was closed for the season?  I thought Vegas was always hot, it was still in the 90s when we were there in Sept, so how was the hot season over?  I was told though that you are allowed to use the pools in any MGM resort, which includes the Luxor and Mandalay Bay, which I was also told have some of the best pools on the strip.Overall, the stay was nice.  Their express checkout was awesome, just drop the room keys in a box and walk out.  If we need to stay in Vegas on a budget, we would stay there again, although on our next trip we plan to save up a bit more to upgrade to one of the newer hotels on the strip.  I saw complaints in other reviews about kids running everywhere, and to be honest, we saw more kids in other hotels than we did in ours.
5	I had a wonderful week long stay at Excalibur last week. This is our 5th consecutive year and we love it. The rooms are nice and clean, the staff are friendly and it is very reasonably priced. The casino is a fun place to spend some time and the pool facilities are excellent.The lifeguards are dismal though. I have stayed here approx 8-10 times and have twice intervened in a rescue as an EMT/Lifeguard and someone who trains lifeguards. Their skills are not sharp, the attention is lacking however they are no different to every other high school and college lifeguard I have met. The fault lies with the pool management. That aside, I love this place and will continue to visit. When I bring my own kids, they will have their own personal EMT/Lifeguard so this weakness doesn't dissuade me, however it may mean something to you.NOTE: NO Wi-Fi however there is a cable connection in each room.
4	The excalibur is he perfect combination of cost, location, vegas kitsch and good lodging. The hotel is located in a good spot on the trip, close to all of the main hotels, it is shaped like a castle and has all of the normal vegas accessories you would expect. At the same time it is very affordable for people on a budget, but they don't cut any corners on having clean and comfortable living arrangements. I totally recommend this place to people visiting las vegas!
4	The wide screen tower rooms are worth an extra $20-30. They are really nice and the best/cheapest you're going to get on the strip. Excalibur seems to be a family spot so you will see lots of kids running around. My complaints about this place is the casino gets pretty quiet and dead around 12am and the lack of eating spots but for the price and location, you can't do better. Trust me, you will not find another casino of this caliber (even if it's not the greatest) on the strip at their prices. Also, Luxor, New York New York and MGM are walking distances away if you need a change of scenery.
3	The line to check in was ridiculous long and we had an issue with our booking. We were only staying 1 night and my bf's dad had booked it for us as a gift...well, he accidentally booked under his name instead of ours, so they wouldn't let us check in, even with his dad on the phone telling them what happened. We spent almost 2 hours trying to resolve it and did I mention it was my birthday??I appreciate that they gave us a free buffet for the trouble, I just wish they could've worked with us more efficiently to get us checked in. I was impressed that our room was really nice - not so much the bathroom, which was typical 1980's Vegas bathroom - but the rest of the room looked renovated. It's extremely cheap and the location is awesome, so it's worth staying here. If checking in hadn't been such a nightmare, I would've given it a higher rating and definitely stayed here again.
1	Don't get fooled by the low rates. Excessive charge on the internet, uncomfortable and torn beds.
3	Just stopped by to check out  Popcornopolis. Ended up trying a couple flavors BBQ and Pumpkin Spice. Both were good, bought a bag of the Pumpkin Spice. Service is good, we were greeted right away by one worker then later offered samples by another.As for the Excalibur itself we never stayed here so it's hard to review it. Maybe about ten years ago we ate at their steakhouse which was good. Casino looks good, lots of table games and good mix of slots. Though I've never won here I still come to try my luck. Good location and you can catch the tram to the Luxor or Mandalay, best of all it's FREE!
1	You have to piss me off pretty well for me to give you a one-star review, and this hotel managed to just that. The hotel staff was some of the most incompetent set of nit wits I have ever had the misfortune of dealing with.After a long day and night of walking around the strip, we stumbled back to our room. We went downstairs to ask the front desk for a roll-a-way bed since there were four of us in one room and gave them a credit card number. After an HOUR passed, we called again and they said that they had no record of us calling or giving a credit card number ._. My roomie went downstairs AGAIN and was told that they had no record of us requesting/paying for a roll-a-way bed. After pointing to the guy that took the information to begin with, they apologized and said that they would comp the beds and send them up.All of a sudden, a few days later, they take away the beds, even though we still needed them, AND charged my roomie's card that supposedly they didn't have on file to begin with! The staff was rude and kept contradicting what other staff members were saying. The front desk staff literally has no business being in customer service.Also, the timeshare people are pushy and annoying. Only one tower has decent rooms. No wifi (WTF!) and the wired internet runs at a speedy 1mpbs download and a .005mbps upload. The pool has NO shade unless you pay for it. The only good thing? A really nice worker at the craps table who explained to us how to play. Never again. If I ever come back to Vegas, I am staying FAR away from this hell hole.
1	It really sucks to have to write this review, but I feel that I have to let other people know about the experience I went through. I stayed at Excalibur about three weeks ago for my 25th, I used to stay at Excalibur all the time as a kid.However, the next morning I woke up with welts ( and what clearly appeared to be bites). I gave it two or three days, and because I am a full time student and work full time I did not have time to see a doctor. After comparing pictures of my arm to google images, I realized I was bitten. I saw a doctor, pharmacist,and nurse, all of whom said I was clearly bitten by something.  I called Excalibur and was told someone would contact me regarding the incident. I waited about 7 days, and no one called. When i called back, the initial operator had not taken down my information (basically they never had record). Finally someone took down my information and took my statement. I suggested that I send them pictures, as I was documenting my arm and chest the entire time, and he refused, claiming they do not accept pictures. I was told someone would contact me within 2 days, never happened. I called back a couple days after my statement and left a message.no reply.I called again and was told I would be called within 5 days, since someone was going to inspect the room and let me know what they found.That never happened either. I left a message, no reply.I finally was able to get ahold of someone today, and I honestly wish I hadnt. She informed me that they were going to do absolutely nothing about my claim,s ince they found no bugs in the bed.  Take into consideration, its been about 3 weeks since I was there, and I am not claiming it was bed bugs, I just know it was some type of insect. I asked for a copy of the report from the inspection agency and was told I could not see it.I asked for the name, and I could not have it. I basically could get NO proof that an inspection ever took place.I am extremely disappointed in the Excalibur and the lack of compassion for a guest who paid $220 a night to stay in a contemporary room (which by the way is on sale on their website right now). I will NEVER stay at the Excalibur again.
2	It was a decent price and one of the few kid friendly places on the strip along with Circus,Circus. My kids are teenagers so I thought they would appreciate the midevil theme. That and my son is terrified of clowns. The outside is cheesy/cool. I'm not into the casino thing, so that I wouldn't be the best judge of. The staff, good. Rooms? Shockingly dull. Vegas is all smoke and mirrors. I've stayed in a few places and found that the rooms are pretty much about what you would find in a Super 8. The rooms at Excalibur were a bit on the dirty side as far as the carpets etc went. Not unsanitary, just worn out, old, dingy and smelled of stale smoke and old people. Its cheap by Vegas standards and you get what you pay for. If I were to bring my kids again I'd still maybe choose that one over Circus,Circus just because there is that creepy clown on the outside of C.C. As my son put it "You can just look into his eyes and just see all the kids he molested".
3	I remember first staying at the Excalibur back in 1989 when it was brand spanking new. The employees would be dressed in medieval style uniforms, the king and queen and their entourage would go around the casino for photo ops with the guests and the Roundtable Buffet was the best in quality. Over the years the quality has gone downhill ever since MGM MIRAGE bout out Mandalay Resorts Inc. and has just gone downhill in quality. The Excalibur still holds the title as, "Most Tacky Theme" in Las VegasSome renovations have been done with the hotel mostly on Tower II, removed and added new restaurants, increased the size of the pool area, removed all the child friendly areas and replaced it with bars and 2 Tier restaurants. Also that has been thrown out is the Merlin out on the castle by the strip and replaced with Dicks and the free dragon show outside in the so called moat near the strip entrance. My room was in Tower II and was recently remodeled, I get good deals through Mlife so I always book the renovated room and the weekend rates are cheap. No WiFi here just an 90's ethernet cable. The 2nd level has a foodcourt for budget travelor and it's connected to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. As the saying goes, "You get what you pay for", and it shows here. Avoid Tower I!
1	DO NOT STAY HERE! First of all if you are a hotel on the strip in Vegas, YOU HAVE TO HAVE BELL MEN!!!!! We drove up to Excalibur and the valet asks us if we would like help with our bags, we of course say yes, who wants to drag their luggage through a huge casino.  I asked the Valet how long it would take to get our bags to the room, he says "not long, check in go to the baggage desk and they will send them right up". We check in, go to baggage desk and the lady at the desk informs us the Casino is NO LONGER ALLOWED TO TAKE BAGS TO THE ROOM! I through a fit and she continues to tell me it is a new policy. Then after throwing an even bigger fit, she says it will be an hour and a half to get our bags. So I say fine bring them on the cart and I will wheel the cart myself, she says that is is casino policy she can not allow us to use the cart. I then tell her we will leave and demand our money back, so she has a bell man walk with us to our room with the cart full of luggage.  I find out from the Bell Man or as I call the non-bell man what was going on. He said they fired 48 Bell Man to save money and are going to fire the rest. Excalibur Hotel, are you kidding me? I get your a cheap hotel but WHAT no Bell Men? Guess what happened when we went to check out? Yep, no bell men. So after a night partying in Vegas I had to drag all my luggage out to the car. The funny thing is it was not just me dragging a ton of luggage, a bunch of other super upset people where dragging their luggage as well. To make matters worse, at about 8am the entire casino smells horribly of bad disgusting Italian food. I like Buco De Beppo but I certainly don't  want the smell of bad Lasagna at 8am because apparently once a week the cook a huge amount and it stinks up all the rooms. We left a day early.
2	I guess if you have kids this would be the place to go but we did not like it here, really neat from outside but not inside.
3	In order to review this establishment properly, I have to put my review into context. First, we paid $150 + taxes & resort fees per night. This is probably the lower end for hotels on the strip. Secondly, we stayed in Tower 2, which is the newer of the two towers.That being said, our room was average. It was clean and provided all the amenities one would expect out of the 3-star hotel. The plus side is that Excalibur is also a casino hotel, so you get that "Vegas experience" without emptying your pockets. Having the tram there is nice too.The I'd probably give the hotel staff somewhere between two and three stars. I didn't have any trouble checking in, but my girlfriend did. The manager was able to sort it out, but not before the robot employee complicated the process.Side Note: The lot where we were parked was adjacent to our tower, making carrying our luggage up to our room quite convenient.It was my first time staying on The Strip, and overall, the stay was pleasant. If you don't want to burn a hole in your wallet and you want to stay on The Strip, I would definitely recommend Excalibur.
2	This place brings back old memories. I am now 30 and remember coming to this place when I was a kid.We decided on stopping by to play the machines on a midnight gambling run. The place is still in the old state it was in years ago.Hopefully they will remodel it soon so it won't lose it's luster on the strip.
3	Good price. Close to airport so short can ride from there. Spent 2 nights here and 3 at Luxor, for 200+ dollars. Not bad just wish they would get on the same page as Caesars and drop the resort fee
3	I stayed here this past week because of an overnight business trip with my family.  I haven't been here since I was 15 years old, and it still looks the same (well, the casino does).Pros:  - The rooms are still reasonable for the strip, but the current trend in Las Vegas is to tack on a daily "resort fee" on top of your hotel bill during your stay.  So, watch out for that...- The Tower II rooms are revamped and nicer.  Flat panel TV isn't HD, but I didn't care because I don't watch network TV often.Cons:- Casino STILL looks the same.- Timeshare people will constantly bug you (and this is a new thing)- The Excalibur Buffet has significantly raised its prices- Not as kid-friendly as before...If I was taking my car here and will mostly gallivant around, this is an ideal spot to stay at.  However, if I'm looking for a resort experience, I'd stay somewhere else.But then again, who really stays in their room all day in Vegas?  Hmm?
3	A friend booked a stay here and from the reviews on Yelp, I was iffy about it but after staying here, I found it to be just average. We had a very friendly employee who checked us in and our contemporary room at tower 2 was clean and well stocked. One downside was when our reservation clerk told us *happily* that we're getting a room with a view, we didn't think he meant a view of the freakin' rooftop of the building next to ours. -__- But whatever, we didn't exactly come to Vegas to stare outside the window the entire time anyway. Excalibur is okay for those looking for a lower budget hotel and don't mind the lack of "resort" feeling. It's a bit older than other hotels and located on the end part of the strip that's a bit away from the noise and excitement.
3	So, you want to go to Vegas.And you don't want to shell out for Bellagio or MGM.And you don't want to stay at the no-tell motel where you have to wonder - is that stain on the sheet spaghetti sauce? blood? other bodily waste?You get the picture. Well, then Excalibur is the place for you. The Vegas version of a medieval castle, they captured the "dark that no sunlight can penetrate" quality that is no doubt quite authentic. However, it is also quite centrally located. I had a conference at MGM and Excalibur was literally across the street, which made my life easy. I'm a walker, so I traveled up and down the Strip on foot, but if you don't want to trek so extensively,  you can easily catch the Monorail at MGM. Also, Excalibur, Luxor, and Mandalay Bay are all connected by shuttle and escalators so you can wander among three casino/hotels for the price of one! The rooms are budget but the cost is budget, too. The beds are clean and reasonably comfortable. There is no desk but the table with chairs is suitable for work. The bathroom is large enough, with a roomy shower stall. (No bathtub, so if that's really important to you, there you go. You'll have to shower.) Personally, my biggest gripe was no WiFi (really?) and being constrained by wired Internet. I felt like I'd been transported back to 2005. Otherwise, my room left me with no complaints. There are some okay restaurants and shows (the joust is fun and they have the Thunder from Down Under if you're looking to check out a different kind of sword fight) but even if you're not into what Excalibur has to offer, the location makes up for it. Seriously, just go to any one of the myriad of entertainment options within a very short walking distance. Overall, Excalibur is what you probably expect it to be. It's not luxurious. People crazy enough to bring children to Vegas often stay there. It's a little old and tired and depressing (especially in the casino section) but it is what you're probably looking for if you're scouring reviews about this establishment: a convenient, relatively clean and safe place to crash on the Vegas Strip.
3	Wow, I haven't stayed here since my first visit to Las Vegas 15-years ago. Things have changed...the Fun Dungeon is no longer fun haha.The rooms are fairly priced because there are no real amenities. We got a $32 room but then you're slapped with a $20 resort fee. The bed was too soft and the pillows were too hard (odd combination). The sound of the AC turning on and off is also really distracting. And last complaint about the room - the blinds don't close all the way so in the morning, sunshine will blast into your room.The tables ARE cheap and it's a great place to learn some of the games. But the experience is also a little depressing. Something about the low ceiling and bad lighting made me miss any of the other casinos on the main part of the strip.The dinner buffet also gave me a stomachache.
3	When I was a kid, we'd always go to Excalibur because it was "family friendly" and I liked the King Arthur theme.  WOW, time has NOT been kind to this place.  Walking in for the first time in years, I couldn't help but notice that everything appears to be from the 1990s.  Time for a refurbish.  And, it's kinda un-classy up in there.  I guess it's hard to keep up with the chic casino-hotels popping up all over the strip.  Thank god, though, for the death of the themepark-casino.
2	My wife, teen daughter, 3 year old and infant son stayed here. The wife had been lookin for deals last week and this hotel apparently had 4 nights for about $270. What a deal right? WRONG! As soon as I checked in there's a "hidden resort fee" of $67 to use the "amenities" of the facility such as the fitness center, pool, Fun Dungeon Arcade, etc. Nice of them to mention that fee as we were booking the reservation. So, we check in and as they point us to the bell desk they "failed" to advise me that their bell staff is in the heat if a union labor dispute which prevents them from providing us bell service to our room. WTF?! The lady at the bell desk NOW informs me of this and after some pissing and moaning I get a cart; However, the guy who brought it to me was nice enough to tell me "fuck them! I know I'm not supposed to do this but WTF is the service that you expect when you come to Vegas? It doesn't make any sense?!" We had an enlightening discussion as I sent the wife and kids up to our room and I went with the bell guy and out luggage. Apparently, the Luxor and Excalibur are "merging" and the staff are getting screwed out of their tips: the valets are too apparently. Just to save a few bucks management tells the bell staff ONLY to assist the disabled and elderly; I talked with a supervisor at the front desk and she went with the political excuse that "they cannot refuse service if you request it" but "they instructed their staff to ONLY assist the elderly and handicapped." After I pulled the "discrimination card" she told me this. Completely unprofessional. As we went to other hotels in the area such as the New York New York, Circus Circus, and the Luxor, it was nothing but tired folks hauling their own luggage around checking out (we went to lunch around check out time at these places) and checking in. Now, back to our hotel; we got housekeeping service 2 out if the 3 days we stayed; we came back from a fun day and I found filthy towels STILL on the floor and the room hadn't been touched. I called for towels and washcloths instead since we were leaving Sunday morning; I had to leave to catch the "Tournament of Kings" show downstairs (which was bad ass I should tell you). When we came back, there was a bag thrown on the floor with soap and shampoo; in the bathroom there was a stack of "leaning" towels and washcloths left in haste. Needless to say, the service in Las Vegas is going to the dumps. The buffet sucked; we never got to  breakfast during our stay  (a Mexican thing) and I wish I could've. From my experience, breakfast seems to be the best meal in the buffets. There was no safe deposit box in our room AND NO interior lock on our doorknob like other hotels which really pissed me for security and privacy reasons. All they gave us was the stupid door hanger "privacy please" which I'd expect from a Motel 6 not an upscale strip hotel. Self parking is a joke; almost had some "parking rage" on the 2nd night but I survived with a clean Vegas rap sheet j/k. The valets are understaffed and have major A.D.D. so there is no "sure fire" time to get valet. The lamp outlet in our room couldn't hold a plug, two wall outlets didn't work AT ALL. The toilet was so low flush "Eco-friendly" we almost had to use the ice bucket to assist with flushing *yuuuck!* On a positive note, the bathroom was roomy, shower was "intimate friendly" and plenty if sink space. Not to mention we got a great view of the pool outside.
5	I love the bars there. I get service fast and the bartenders are pretty cool.
5	We stayed here over Thanksgiving from the 20-23 in Tower 2. I was a little bit nervous after reading some of the reviews after we had already booked the room,  but I have to admit that a lot of the people that have posted on this are way off. First of all, our room was very clean and I didn't come away with any "bumps" from any bed bugs or anything like that. Secondly, for the amount we paid ($150 for 3 nights), this place was awesome! And it was only that expensive because thanksgiving night was higher than the others. It was just like the place I remember from when I was young and we had the whole family with kids and everything.Also, one note I also want to make is that it can be really hard to find $5 blackjack tables and they had them, however during peak hours they changed them all to $10 tables. If you were already sitting there when they moved the tables up they grandfathered you in at the $5. Overall, resort fee and everything that everyones complaining about, I'm going to give it 5 stars because it was everything I expected for the value and didn't have a single issue. I will say that the timeshare people are annoying, but you can shake them pretty easily.
3	Like Corey W.'s review, I too was pleasantly surprised, as I had girded myself for a nightmare after reading the Yelp reviews.   I was with a large group, and I was able to warn them about the room doors not closing and that 'ruffians' roamed the halls pushing on doors looking to gain entry (I never saw anything like that, but my room door DID fail to latch tight on its own, as did many of my friends).My standard, 2 Queen room was spacious, modestly appointed, with a large bathroom (two adults could easily be busy in here without too much trouble).  NIce flat screen, color TV with adequate cable service (by adequate, they had AMC, which means I didnt miss the Walking Dead), no its NOT HDTV, but it worked FINE.  No WiFi, but guess what, WIRED LAN is BETTER by far, i had GREAT thruput.No Fridge.  No microwave.  No coffee maker.  I knew this going in, just re-iterating the irritating.Bed, clean, not very comfortable, lots of so-so pillows.  Free in room safe.Resort fee - why?  Nothing 'resortish' about the place.  Just because you have a pool and gym doesnt mean you're a resort!  Free drink coupons only for beer/well drinks?  I'm in a CASINO - drinks are FREE for gamblers.  What am I an IDIOT?  When I pay a RESORT FEE at the HILTON WAIKALOA (a REAL resort), I get TWO FREE Specialty drinks EVERY DAY!  So -1 star on value because of the redonkulous resort fee.oh yeah that AC is loud too, everyone is right about that.  Another odd thing was lack of direction if you self-park.  The lot is dark.  There's no marked walkways, no Glowing neon signs leading the obvious path to check in or the casino.  I thought that was really weird.Good selection of restaraunts.  Oh, if you're MLife pearl or above you are 'elite' and check in in the private section - I didnt know and waited in line with the rabble.  RABBLE I say! :) CASINO RATING **** (4 out of 5 star)Wow, very surprised.  I didnt see ANY of the terrible 6/5, just standard 3/2 blackjack, looked like they had DOA, DAS, dealer hits soft 17.  And low limits to boot, $5.Craps, wow $5 low limit, SWEET, 3x4x5x odds, AWESOME, but the dealers were rough, WATCH YOUR CHIPS (-1* for clumsy dealers).And player rating is MANUAL at the tables, thats very unusual these days.They had a Great progressive video poker bank by the Baja Fresh, that I played almost nonstop hoping I'd finally hit that Royal for $2200...alas, no, but it was 8/5 JOB, about as good as it gets.Vegas standard, American two-zero wheel on roulette (terrible house advantage, only idiots play American roulette).So, surprisingly, this is a GAMBLER FRIENDLY place, especially if you're new or learning with low limits.
1	We stayed over the Thanksgiving Holiday.  When we arrived the room smelled musty and was very warm.  We turned on the AC but the room really never cooled off.  We were told that we were staying in an upgraded room (tower 2) and that we had memory foam mattress top beds.  Our beds were hard and worn.  The mattresses had a flat pillow top and you could tell by looking at the mattress cover it was very old an worn.  The sheet corners were ripped and stained with grease.  The bed covers and sheets had holes and many snags through out.  We asked for new sheets and room service took hours to get to our room.  Our bathroom lightbulbs were burned out and there were stains and marks all over the walls.  We brought this to the attention of the hotel and to Travelocity and the Excalibur didn't address it with us.  Needless to say we won't recommend or every stay at the Excalibur again.
2	This place has great service but nothing much else.  The rooms here are dingy and outdated.  I guess that's why it's so cheap.There is a mandatory $15 resort fee which allows you internet access through an ethernet cable (who uses these still?!), gym access, and phone calls.  It is nowhere worth $15.The bathrooms are gross.  The towels are cheap and stiff.  I recommend your own toiletries if you do decide to stay here.The bed wasn't that bad but the sheets are pretty old and I was freezing cold.  With the heater, I thought I was going to suffocate and each time it turned on, it scared the daylights out of me.I would only stay here again if I was desperate.  Yes I enjoyed the staff, but the amenities are just not worth it.My last piece of advice if you should decide to stay here, is avoid the buffet at all costs.  You will waste your money and come out sick or hungry or both.
3	The renovated rooms (tower 2 I believe) are decent. This is one of the lowest priced casinos on the strip. I have stayed in the old rooms and they are awful. But like I said, the new rooms are a step in the right direction. Don't expect the Wynn, however. Your at the excalibur. If you just want a place to crash, this is the place. I wouldn't even really gamble there. A lot of the dealers don't speak english.My MAJOR complaint is the blinds. Even in the new rooms, they installed faux wood blinds that look like they were bought from lowes. Thats find, but it lets a ton of light in. It was hard to sleep in past 8am. When your out until 3am, its nice to have a super dark room to sleep in late. You won't get that here. For that reason alone, I probably won't stay here again. It's super cheap, but not having sleep while in Vegas kills the trip for me.
5	Excalibur must bring me good luck because I hit 3/3 sports parlays here which is not usual for me. The rooms are just alright. No fridge and you have to walk a half mile to find the ice machines. Cool view that over looks primarily MGM and New York New York. No WiFi which is pretty whack. You have to go ghetto style and plug their ethernet cord into your laptop if you bring one. The midevil castle them has always been pretty cool in my book as well. I'm still going with the 5 star heavily because of me hitting 3/3 parlays here.
3	For being a "cheaper" hotel I actually enjoyed this place. I feel free to run around and enjoy myself here. I stayed here after signing up for a time share presentation on my last visit. We were given a special deal for 2 nights. Arrived to a quick check in but disappointed that we were given one of the older rooms but oh well as long as theres a bed, bathroom, and tv I'm fine. I like the convinence of having so much available and so many options in the hotel alone. It's not crazy expensive to dine or stay here. Now that time share presentation, oh crap! Never again totally sucked and I guess the one big downside is that they have representatives pestering you to sign up, don't do it! Haha
1	Stay here if:1. You enjoy being solicited every time you walk through the door or head for your room.2. You love the stale smell of vintage cigarettes from 20 years ago.3. You like housekeeping that does not respect your "do not disturb" sign4. You like beds so cushy that your body sinks down and pillows so fluffy that your head is perpendicular.5. You do not have extra money to spend and have exhausted all of your other options for accommodations.Even despite #5, just go stay at a hostel or couch surf.
5	Stayed in a standard room! It was pretty standard but the bed was super comfy and after all the late nights it nice to crash into a comfy bed! We would definitely stay there again because we got a great deal on our room. And we loved that the roulette tables had a $5min bet compared to other casinos that were $15! Made some money! I would definitely stay again!
2	Pros:* Great rate (but you get what you pay for)* Connected to The Luxor and Mandalay Bay (you can even use the tram)* Comfy Bed* Great water pressure* Tower 2 is where all the remodeled rooms atCons:* Check in area is old looking and long lines.* Timeshare people are everywhere. I just ignored them even when they are just saying good morning.* The casino is depressing looking.* There are no good restaurants in this hotel. Mediocre at the best.* We stayed there for 2 nights and from the first night, we woke up with sore throat and congestion. We had it for the whole time we were in Vegas.* Their AC is loud and they installed it right where it will shower your body when you are laying in bed. I think this was one of the reasons we got sick.* The Dungeon of Fun was not really fun. There were hardly people there and it wasn't fun at all.Will not stay here again, there are better options at the strip.
1	This review is for casino only. It looked pretty outdated and is mostly slots. Nothing stood out as good whatsoever.  Overall, a very depressing atmosphere.
1	The wife and I had no choice.  We booked a room here because my family stayed at the New York New York across the street and I wasn't about to pay for that!  The trip was in 2007. This place was awful.  The Merlin doesn't even work anymore!I have made a point to avoid this place since.  I am a non-smoker, this is no place for a non-smoker.  The room smells like a pack of cigs from the 50's.Tear this dump down and re-build!I now stay on Fremont Street.Good luck!
3	Felt to be the old side
4	Stayed in a new "contemporary room". It's much nicer than their standard, old skool rooms. Pay the extra and you'll enjoy your stay. It had a nice, big flat screen TV. Everything was clean, nice bed furnishings and furniture. Shower was a little on the old side, but it was fine. Nothing to write on Yelp about. For $25/ night mid week, you can't lose staying here. Well, you can, just don't gamble. I will be back again.
2	Yucky. I stayed here because I was forced to and I would never come back. I was in Vegas for work and this was the hotel they put us at. The food selection is absolutely pathetic and do NOT, under any circumstance, try the buffet. Most of it was borderline inedible and I was scared that I might get food poisoning. The rooms are meh. Not horrible, but the heater/AC unit was super noisy and only heated the room for about half an hour before the air turned kind of cold. There was NO drinking water in the room and when I went to get some from the vending machine, it was $3 for a bottle! So I went without water in the desert. Even the lamp was hard to turn on. First, it wasn't even plugged in. Then, I had to be soooo careful turning the switch because there was almost no resistance and turning even one degree too far turned it off again.However, I will say that the people working there are very nice. It's just too bad that they're stuck at this crappy hotel.
4	Nothing about this hotel is a pure 5 stars, but it ALL deserves 4 stars for being a pleasant stay and a clean hotel. For $25 + fees and taxes, we got a 2 queen bed room on the 23rd floor of Tower 1.NOTE: This is just an average hotel. There are definitely way nicer hotels on the strip, but for the cost you can't beat this one.We had a decently nice view of the strip! The beds were soft and very easy to sleep in after a long night. Shower looked a tiny bit dated, but was walk-in, so I had no complaints. Large LCD tv and modern furniture was a pleasant surprise! Overall, my experience was very pleasant! I would recommend to any of my friends, and I will probably end up there again in the future.
5	I was scared of staying here due to all the mixed reviews.. It actually turned out wonderful! Great value with a good deal :) it was clean, economic, good location, the staff was nice and had fun activities for our 6 year old. We stayed for only a couple of days for a weekend get away right before Christmas 2012. We stayed on the 20tb floor in Tower 1. I would definitely not let those bad stars detour you from staying here.
5	We're prejudiced.  We got married here and so we love the place!  We always visit when we are in town, but we don't really eat there....and we don't stay there.....we just usually try to play video poker.  Oh and now they have the Paradise Fishing game!  So much fun!
3	I don't particularly care for Medieval decor but my stay at Excalibur was wonderful! Firstly, upon check it, we received a handful of free drink coupons that could be used both at Excalibur and at Luxor (next door). We also got a voucher to eat at the hotel buffet! The hotel is beyond large! It's a maze of energetic bustle and you can never tell what time of the day it is because of the lighting. The room was average. Not the best but cozy and big enough for two to share. The front desk was also phenomenal at getting us a shuttle to the airport and also helped us secure the same room for an extra night  by directing up to Hotels.com to find a room at a price that they would match. And they surely did! We were able to extend our stay for one night at a mere cost of $30! Overall, I had a wonderful experience here. Hard not to enjoy Vegas tho!
2	This place is not really that great. I checked in yesterday and the door to the room was not really working because you have to literally push it hard to get it to open. I spent 5-10 minutes trying to figure out what was wrong with the door before slamming into it. If that wasn't bad enough, when I finally got into the room, it turns out that one of the lamps was not working, the t.v. did not have a signal input, and the internet was wired with no wireless options. I can't believe this hotel seriously does not offer any wi-fi options despite the fact that it charges a resort fee like the other hotels. The Medieval theme is realistic I guess since the atmosphere is dark, grungy, kinda stuffy, and you get the idea. The buffet isn't that great either. I would recommend just saving your money and trying out the new food court (much cheaper and better tasting food). If you haven't tried the buffet yet, go ahead and give it a shot, but don't say I didn't warn you!P.S. This is my first time rating a place with 2 stars. That should tell you how I feel about this place lol.
2	What a sad, tired, shit hole this place is. It's one of the cheaper properties on the strip, so this shouldn't come as too much of a surprise. But it's a sad, tired, shit hole nevertheless. Unless you're hellbent on staying on the strip, you'd do better to stay some place downtown (even if you want to gamble).Our room was a cinderblock tomb covered in wall paper, and furnished with two queen sized beds and a flat screen TV housed in a cheap armoire. It was kind of gross. The walls were bare--not  even bad art, or framed mirror, or anything--giving the room a prison cell feel. The toilet flushes noisily for 5 minutes per flush. This 22 year old property still has no Wi-Fi. You have to plug your laptop into this movement-hindering tether from the 20th century called an "ethernet cable" in order to get "high speed internet". Miraculously, my laptop had a port for this anachronistic plug, so we did have an internet connection. That doesn't stop Excalibur from tacking on a 'resort fee' ($15 per day) to cover this 'amenity' (along with the outdoor pool no one uses in December) like the more modern and upscale properties on the strip. The casino floor itself is run down and sad, and anyone staying there primarily to gamble must surely and sadly migrate up the strip to more interesting venues. The low ceiling and poor lighting are kind of depressing. This doesn't stop Excalibur from charging regular strip prices for drinks ($10 a pop) and food ($35 for the "all you can eat" buffet). After one night my girlfriend and I treated it simply as a a place "to crash", entering and exiting our hotel via the elevators near the exit, and visiting only to sleep.It's a joke that this place continues to try to hang with the more upscale strip properties, especially without a willingness to upgrade or renovate. My advice for an old, rundown property like this? If you're going to be a cheap shit hole, behave like a cheap shit hole. Drop the premium strip pricing on food and drink. Drop the 'resort fee'.
3	A huge plus was how cheap it was. We stayed here for three nights (Thursday-Sunday) and it was about 200 bucks total. After that, it's pretty much downhill.The check-in area is nowhere near the entrance of tower I or tower II parking areas. Let's talk about how I had to bring my suitcase halfway through the hotel to check in, only to bring it all the way back to the entrance to go up the elevators. I'm a girl, I have lots of clothes and shoes for vegas!!We asked for a room with a fridge and were told that it would cost 25 bucks extra A NIGHT. Are you serious?! We were then told there were no rooms with views unless we paid extra. Fine, whatever, we just want to sleep there. After receiving the room keys, I found that I could not stay in that room. it was floor 13 room 66, and those are just not happy/lucky numbers to me. I went back to get the room changed and da-da-da suddenly I have been given a room with a view, free of charge. Seriously, I thought you just said you didn't have any rooms with views for the same price?Anyway, the room was a standard room with two queen beds. The lighting was horrible, except in the bathroom. Everything was clean, and when we asked for extra towels, they were very nice about it. The beds were comfy, and the view was decent. There was also a flat screen tv, but not much playing.Like any hotel in vegas, the downstairs casino area is heavily polluted with the smell of cigarettes, so you asthma children beware.Plus side, McDonalds is open 24 hours and we did visit them after partying all night.Don't forget to ask for coupon book upon check in. We lost ours, and they wouldn't give us another one. SO SAD.
3	Stayed here for one night after returning from Grand Canyon.  The  staff at the registration desk was very helpful, and friendly.  We had a room with 2 queen beds.  The room was very clean.  I did notice they didn't carry a coffee maker at Excalibur which was very unusual.  Through out my stays at every hotel, all the rooms have a coffee maker available except Excalibur.  Not cos I'm a coffee fanatic, it was just something I noticed.  After all I wouldn't complain as I had got a really great deal while booking a room through Expedia.
4	Stayed in a standard room (these are located in Tower I), 25th floor, with a view of the Luxor, (I believe the other view from Tower I is of the Strip).  The room had a King Size bed, large flat screen TV, large bathroom (shower stall, no tub) with hair dryer), table and chairs, and ethernet powered internet access.The bed was very comfortable, we had no problem sleeping and woke refreshed with no pain.  There were no problems with the room at all.  It was cozy with enough room to mill about, stash our suitcases, sleep comfortably.  The rumor is that the contemporary rooms (renovated) are in Tower II.  I wasn't expecting spectacular decor since we did not choose a contemporary room.  Aside from the carpet (not bad) and the drapes (a tad dated, but it is a medevil castle), the room felt very modern with an updated bedspread, comfy chairs and newer furniture.We experienced a repair man that came to our room because someone called with a broken air conditioning unit and gave them our room number on accident.  (But hey props to them for wanting to fix it immediately, too bad it was the wrong room.)The only issue was that the internet worked rather sporadically.  Even when connecting by ethernet cable it was hard to get it to work, it often said there was no connection.... this wasn't our laptop error either as it has never happened before or since.  We DID NOT get bed bugs despite the many reviews that mention them.We were perfectly happy.  This is a great hotel if you need to save money somewhere and don't mind a no-frills room.  I will certainly consider this on my next visit as well.
4	From 14 years old to 20 years old, it was tradition that our families got together to spend New Years in Las Vegas.  Being under-aged at the time, I couldn't enjoy much.  I thought that it was evil that when I finally turned 21, we ended our tradition.  So when I first turned 21, guess where I wanted my first Vegas experience to be. That's right...Excalibur.  I graduated from Midway's Arcade and the Tournament of Kings to Black Jack and all night drinking.  Fast forward 15+ years and I'm still coming to Excalibur.  Minus the all night drinking and gambling.Pros:-Rooms are cheap.  Not Budge Suites cheap, but cheaper than the Mandalay.-Great comps:  I don't play much, but own their player's card.  I get free rooms from time to time.-Arcade:  When my baby girl and nephews are in town, this is where we go. -Pool is kid friendly.  -Beer Pong:  Only when family is in.  2 AM Beer Pong gets the competitive spirits up. -Loose:  Not the guest, but the slots.  My parents win here and they love their slots.-Location:  One of the few casinos on the strip where it's easy in and out.  -Tournament of Kings:  Half price for locals and kids should experience it at least once.-Remodeled Rooms:  Their remodeled rooms are clean and updated.  Lacking the smell of smoke. -$5 Black Jack-Poker Room:  Small but there's action from tourist that only know poker from ESPN. -Dick's Last ResortCons:-Parking: My suggestion if you're staying is valet and bell service.-Some rooms are outdated.  Could have changed in the last year.  If you're reserving here, ask for their remodeled rooms.  It's a world of difference.-Old:  Needs a serious remodel both inside and outside.  -Eats:  Buffet is just okay.  Upstairs is bunch of fast food that seems to have smaller portions and cost more.  Since I have more pros than cons, I have to give this place 4 stars.  Plus, it's one of my parent's favorites.  Also a place where I am taking my daughter and nephews when they're in town. PS:  Message for my little girl since it's also her birthday today.  Daddy loves you.  Happy Birthday Honey Bunches of Oats. See you soon.
4	New Year's spent in Vegas, a great experience. My girlfriend, her family and I decided to celebrate the end of 2012 and the start of 2013 by driving down to Vegas. It was a last minute decision and we realized it would probably be pricey and hard finding an affordable place to stay considering the nature of the events going on and the last minute choice. However, for 3 nights we managed to book a room at th Excalibur for roughly $500. Other places were ridiculously high ranging from $200-400 a night. We chose to stay until January 2nd in an effort to avoid the large amount of traffic and chaos it would be to get out of Vegas during the day of New Years. Now onto the review of Excalibur itself. The hotel itself, a bit less exotic or upscale looking as other places but still quite a twist having a castle looking hotel with two towers. Depending in the tower your room is located (Tower I or Tower II) you will either have a great view of Las Vegas Boulevard, aka, The Strip or a view of the highway entering Vegas. We stayed in Tower II and had a nice view of some parts of Vegas but not so much a view of the strip. The rooms were a nice size where you can choose to have a king bed or two queens. Bring your own blanket if the air conditioning/heater isn't enough as the blankets provided aren't true blankets, but nonetheless, the average temperature in the room remains above 60 degrees as you cannot set it lower than that. With checking in, you get a coupon book full of many offers. A good one is the complimentary two drinks within Excalibur you get where you only pay gratuity. It has a good selection of slot machines and various tables where you can play at and the Craps and Poker tables are often filled with enthusiastic gamblers. Of importance would be to sign ul for M-Life, the membership card that basically allows you to accumulate points at various hotels and casinos which include big ones like the Mandalay Bay, MGM, etc. I managed to rack up 500 points to get a free play balance of $10 and hope to continue to add to my point balance in the near future. The casino is a smoking zone so bring a surgical mask or something if you hate smoke. There's a food court on the second floor, a bucca de pepo as well, an odd place called Dicks Last Resort and it is connected to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay for you to explore. You can get married at the little chapel inside, get a water massage, see naked buff dudes dance, and get a bobblehead made!Overall I felt it was a solid hotel and casino. They had plenty of gambling options to choose from, good drinks, a solid selection of food items. A couple of things that weren't so great was the inconsistency of the "cleanliness" of the hotel, spit hanging on the elevator door, being hassled by some guys trying to give you "free" stays at the place and the old little ladies with their aged bossoms trying to get you to buy cocktails and drinks. Sadly, the buffet wasn't all that great, it did its job in satisfying my hunger but wasn't out of this world. Excalibur is chill, does what its supposed to do and is conveniently located on the strip. Will be back to visit the casino and perhaps the hotel in the near future.
3	Excalibur Hotel - a medieval castle. It is a haven for children. Designed in the style of King Arthur, on the walls of the mosaic, swords and shields, and the heavy ceiling chandeliers.Between many hotels have elevated crossings, such a bridge, not to cross the roadThe impression is that all who come to Vegas for families with children living in this hotel - so many children, so often noisy and vain.For service claims are not in the room all well. It is a pity there is no Wi-Fi.Eating a lot for different tastes, including chic buffet. There is a children's floor machines - Fun Dungeon, where all the children and directed not to interfere with the parents play in the casino.
4	So hotels.com had a last minute deal for the weekend before New Years (it appears many people found said deal.)Hotels on the strip generally are priced more than I paid for the entire weekend so price wise I was impressed.I have stayed in a lot of hotels in vegas, from the plaza (yikes), to circus circus...never..again, to the Signature at the MGM (piiiiiimp). This place was in the middle, which ladies and gentlemen..I expected.Check in was quick and efficient, they give you a coupon book with two free drinks for the hotel bars (in case you don't want to play)...I cannot complain about this, we had a 20.00 food voucher as well.Be aware like almost ALL strip hotels they charge a "Resort Fee" its the new thing..its stupid but it is what it is and it was still cheaper than normal. The room was clean, 2 queen beds, flat screen TV and Full view of the turrets in the middle of the castle. Needless to say my 2 year old was thrilled (don't ask...it just had to happen that way).Parking wasn't as bad as it could have been, we used self park, and could usually get pretty close to the door our rooms were near. The shopping is decent in the Excalibur, I do enjoy that it is connected to the Luxor and if you have the chance go to Popcornopolis (holy cow).Their buffet is subpar that would be my only complaint. Not a lot of options for the price, the presentation is meager at best. I would go to Paris or Harrah's before I would go back there.If you are looking for a nice bed to rest in, and not be extremely pampered (to each their own for their Vegas trip) then this place is for you. My philosophy in Vegas is there is so much to see and do, I can get pampered at home for cheaper and sleep when I'm dead.I would stay at the Ex again without issue.
4	Everything We NeededReally enjoyed our stay here! We stayed Friday - Tuesday for the Rock n Roll Marathon and couldn't have been happier especially with how close it was to the starting line. Our room was clean (though wish it had a fridge) and had a great view of New York New York and the strip. It was easy to check in, always able to get a taxi, and I had the best luck at this casino over the others :) We also really enjoyed the Excalibur buffet (twice), ate at Bucca di Beppo inside the hotel and had some beers and watched the game at Octane (bar next to the buffet). We also ate at the Baja Fresh that was inside and the Pizza Hut Express. I would definitely stay here again.
4	The place was clean and decent for the price.  My bf and I stayed here one night on our grand canyon trip.  Las Vegas is a nice stop back to civilization.  We basically stayed in our room and just watched TV and slept.  Excalibur does give you drink coupons though.  We missed out on that.  It is conveniently located on the strip.  Our hotel room was nice and clean, but it was rough around the corners.  For instance the lamp shades were bent, as if someone had a party there and this was never fixed.  We stayed in the newer renovated tower, which was okay.  For the ~100$ we spent for a night it was a-okay!
4	Staying at the Excalibur is a straightforward case of you get what you pay for. If you were expecting champagne dreams at cheap screw top wine prices, then you're better off not staying here and paying more to go stay at the Wynn or the Encore or something or you'll be disappointed. But for the rest of us that still want to save money while wanting to stay on the strip, I was very pleasantly surprised. I will admit I was scared of all the negative reviews before I went, and considered almost canceling, especially in light of the whole murder/suicide thing, but I really enjoyed my stay there.Basically my gf and I decided to head to Las Vegas for New Years. We really wanted to stay on the strip and the Excalibur was by far the cheapest place for the location. I go to Vegas at least once or twice a year, and I never really need to spend a lot of time in the hotel room, other than to sleep and get ready to go out. If you're the kind of person that spends a lot of time in their room, then yeah, you also probably won't like this place, but if you're like me, it's perfect. The staff  I encountered was always friendly and helpful. I will say the casino is smokey, maybe a little bit more than average, but every casino in the city is a little smokey, so I didn't think this one was vastly and horribly worse than the others.  Also, the timeshare people never bothered me. I only ever ran into two the whole time I was there, and both times they immediately backed off when we said " no thank you". The room was clean, spacious and comfortable, with a cool view of the Luxor and the mountains, and this was even in unrenovated Tower 1. We were having such a good time, we stayed an extra night and I registered for a player's card. Also, I booked through Expedia and it very clearly states that they will charge you a resort fee! I can't speak for other booking methods, but where Expedia is concerned it's not like it was some kind of scam cause they mention, I think at least twice, in regular print, that they will charge you.All in all, I thought the place was fun and good for the price.
3	A friend and I stayed at the Excalibur when we were in town to see a concert.  I hadn't been in Las Vegas for many years and, quite honestly, thought the idea of themed hotels was kind of dumb.  Well, I must admit that the theme does serve to differentiate this hotel from the myriad of others that line the strip and it was kind of fun, in a kitschy way, to see how thoroughly they played out the theme.My friend is a poker player and spent some time down in their poker area and even won money.  She taught me to play the quarter poker machines and I even tried my hand at Pai-Gow but I don't think I'll ever be the gambler she is.The Starbucks next to poker area did a fabulous job of keeping us caffeinated and the food court upstairs did an admirable job of providing me with Chinese food and cinnamon rolls, even into the wee hours of the morning.  There is a free tram that runs between here and te Luxor and Mandalay Bay (I think) and it's right across the street from the MGM Grand where we attended the concert.The room was not fancy, but it was cheap and got the job done.My favorite thing about this hotel was that the bathrooms had Dyson air blade hand dryers that dried my hands in about 5-10 seconds, no lie.  I've never used hand dryers that worked so quickly.
1	Avoid if you have any expectation of business functionality.The hotel itself is dated, which is not a massive problem, but for business, the Excalibur is a terrible option.Our group of six people (across five rooms) were charged nearly $600 overall in our five-day stay in part to access the internet. For a sum that could have bought three new laptops, we received a slow and instable connection preventing us from getting work done, as well as cheap cat-5 cables with broken hinges exacerbating the problem. Several in our group were almost entirely unable to access the web except for short bursts, and subsequently suffered a loss of productivity that hindered the business part of our business trip and ultimately cut into our time to do other things in Vegas. The tattered and seedy vibe was tolerable, but the charge for services not rendered was inexcusable. Food options in the hotel get fanciest at Dairy Queen, and also, don't expect to peacefully walk through the lobby without getting accosted every. single. time by people aggressively pushing timeshares.
1	I just got back from staying at the Excalibur for the second time. The first time was January 2011. Both times I was hassled nearly to death by people trying to sell me a time share. I was so angry after the 2011 visit that I made literally hundreds of phone calls to the hotel demanding a refund. Five months later I got it. I imagine it will be easier this time because now they know who they are dealing with
1	First off. Checking in earlier costs money - $20. Second - The minute you walk-in through those doors be prepared. There are people peppered all over on-location on the ground floor that will walk right up to you, trying to get you to come to the concierge desk so that they can sign you up to visit the time share. It is annoying (to put it mildly) - they're like sharks feeding on their prey! There were three of us - and they got us onto the desk (we haven't even checked in!)Even after seeing the timeshare - we were still hounded by these sharks when they see us coming in and out of the hotel.Third - the room is not horrible but it's not great. I inspected the bed and immediately had to call house keeping to change the sheets (stains and rips on the cover!). We also needed to call them again after finding out the bathroom does not lock. Horrid. They need to change/ update almost everything in this hotel if they want to keep their customers.Fourth - concierge is only open from 10am - 10pm. Las Vegas is a night place... why is the time not accommodating to their guests? Then again, it's better than the 8am-8pm at the MGM concierge.At 2:11am we woke up to a blaring alarm. It turned out someone pulled the fire alarm. While I don't mind that, I do mind it when the alarm keeps blaring non-stop for 10 minutes! Once that alarm is resolved they blare an announcement saying what the alarm was for, and blaring it 3x.And...... the walls are freakin' thin. We could hear this couple gettin' it on. I was tempted to time them...
3	small casino area but i did have better luck with the $5 min roulette table beats the hell out of aria $15 min bet. the buffet was good for its price wish they had more food options. free luggage storage great for an early check out an late flight out.
1	I can honesty say this is THE worst hotel I have ever stayed in. If you are looking for a good Vegas experience, this is not your place.From the moment we walked in the front door, I was terrified. The overwhelming putrid smell and the VERY VERY dated decor was enough to almost make me turn around immediately but I continued hoping the hotel room itself would be a lot better... I was wrong. The smell lingered through the halls and into the room. Outfitted with terrible wallpaper and disgusting carpet, a 1990s air/heat box, dated furniture and NASTY linens/blankets- this place resembled a motel 6 and an extremely low budget casino from a small town- which I would almost prefer over this.The staff was unfriendly and unhelpful- asking for towels seemed to be too much for them to handle. My friends luggage was lost on the way in and once it was delivered to the hotel, they called and told her she would have to come get it because they didn't have time for at least an hour.I can not clearly put into words how low budget and disgusting the entire experience was... Even the restaurants within were terrible. We ate at a Big Dicks one afternoon for a quick lunch before venturing out onto the strip and had the WORST food that was WAY overpriced and took over 2.5 hours from start to finish.... Low budget dairy queen and a kids arcade--- enough said.
2	I didn't actually stay here, I'm just reviewing the ambience. Nothing special about this hotel.It's a medieval theme. Nothing really classy about this hotel. It's kind of old school. I remembered staying here when I was a kid. It still looked the same.  My friend and I went to the arcade played a few games and left.  When we left the hotel, there were two weirdos handing out necklaces and asking my friend and I to take pics with them.. It's Vegas, weird things happens
1	Poor service, bossy salespeople, nothing for kids to do. Huge disappointment. As soon as we arrived to this hotel, we were approached by a woman who offered us show tickets. We didn't even have a chance to check in before they start pushing us toward the ticket booth and trying to get us to tour one of their towers so that we can buy a time share. Second-most, EVERYTHING closes at midnight, except for the hamburger stand near Tower I. Is this why they say that Las Vegas is the city that never sleeps? WHO does that? Build a reputation on being an all-night town, then starve the people who are your bread and butter once midnight hits. The icing on the cake, this morning we are awoke by a fire alarm, someone decided to pull, and the voice of a loud, obnoxious woman telling us there was a fire alarm. Really? DO I NEED THE VOICE OF GOD TELLING ME THERE IS A FIRE ALARM? It turns out that the alarm was a false one-thanks God. But now I am up at 8:52 a.m., after a long an exhausting night, because of someone's rude behavior. I call the front desk, and the manager, Michael, told me that the hotel doesn't compensate for that type of behavior. Really? This hotel makes billions of dollars a year in revenues and can't offer a free breakfast to a family who was up most of the night and have been so rudely treated? Give me a break. Complete joke. O and did I tell you that there is hardly anything for the kids to do here, in this so-called kid hotel? No movie theater, bowling alley, no rides, no shows for the kids, all we get is Thunder from Down Under. COMPLETE JOKE. Stay away, unless all you care about is cheap rooms, rude service, and lackluster gaming.
3	More signs!! I was running an errand and found this hotel IMPOSSIBLE to navigate. I'm sure I won't have that problem again now that I know the lay of the land... it was just a little disconcerting. Once I found my destination, all was well. Excalibur also has the first Orange Julius stand I have seen in years. Bravo to that! It is also the only convenient place where I can find Bico Australian jewelry. Another Bravo! All I would say, add more signs to help people navigate and take it easy on the intimidating guys offering free rooms and other things the MINUTE you walk in the door.
4	This is an older hotel, that being considered it is in really great shape.  The rooms are clean and the common areas are well maintained.  This hotel has the best room rates on the strip, value for you dollar is well worth the visit.  After all how much time will you really spend in the room...IT VEGAS!  There is a Tram that will take you to the Excalibur and Mandalay Bay. The only negative thing I have to say about the resort...the people trying to give you discount show tickets to go see a time share, they absolutely drove me up the wall!  It was so bad I actually had a hard time finding the true concierge to purchase regular tickets to shows.  These people actually run after you to get your attention!  Other than that great value hotel.
3	Well it is not the best but not the worst. Cheap, but you get what you pay for. The room is clean but average. The biggest problem I had with it is there is no bathtub in the room. I found myself missing it every day. I would come from a long day of walking, dancing, whatever and always find myself wishing to take a long hot soak. :( Oh and one out four of the clean towels had stains on them. There is no good food at the food court. Annie's is good but doesn't make a meal. They seem to be remodeling the restaurant choices on the casino level. The tram is good but if the best thing about your hotel is easy transit to somewhere else there is a problem.
4	Decent hotel at affordable prices. It's not amazing, but it's pretty comfortable and a fun enough place. I've stayed here a couple times and it has a pretty good location, at the nicer end of the strip. The shops are cute and have pretty good prices. Lots of quick, easy dining options. The buffet is average. The casino is decent and has bar carts and dancers on the weekends, plus the arcade downstairs is kind of fun.
4	The Excalibur Hotel and Casino might not be the most glamorous, fun, or exciting place to stay on Strip but it's a great deal for the price you pay. The rooms are large, clean, and didn't smell like smoke. The casino had all of the usual table games and slots. It's location to the freeway on and off ramps takes the bite out of the cost of taxis.What impressed me most is how they handled a fire situation in one of the towers. Around 1:30am or so, a fire broke out in one of the higher levels. They evacuated everyone while the fire department did their job. It took a few hours before we were allowed to go back to our rooms. Because of this, the hotel waived the nightly fee and gave everyone a free pass to the Round Table Buffet for breakfast or lunch. Most people would expect some kind of reimbursement like that in this day and age but the fact that this was not a fault of the hotel but from the actions of a guest and yet the hotel did provide this accommodation really impressed me and won me over.
4	Cheap rooms. Flat screen. Has plunty of places to eat cheap. kind of in the middle to south end of strip so its a good location. No wifi.
4	You get what you pay for here. Its not the nicest but it is a fun place to stay with kids. Very friendly, the games and the ambiance are all fun and mid evil. They do have great restaurants in there. the shows are fun and the downstairs game area is a blast for sure. I recommend this place. Just keep in mind it is not a nice hotel justa fun one
3	Casino review only:If you're looking for cheap on the strip, Excalibur may be your place. And I mean, come on...you can only gamble at Bellagio and Caesar's so much before you're broke. Excalibur has $5 craps tables, decent penny slots (I know, sounds like an oxymoron), and all your average games. I was told that the Poker dealers are slightly questionable and may not know what they are doing...so said my buddy who is a regular poker player. He won't be playing at Excalibur any more. Also, they have a surprisingly good sports book. Comfy enough chairs, plenty of TVs, and not at all cramped. One issue is that out of our group of 6, two of us (including me) got sick after about 30 minutes in the Excalibur. Not sure what it is - smoke, mold, whatever. But we had to leave with headaches. We returned the next day and the same thing happened again. So...that's not cool.
3	Okay this place has the quality of a 2 star if you are comparing this to other places on the strip. The atmosphere on the casino floor is not that great, feels cheap especially the carpeting. The outside looks meh, tacky castle decorations but w/e that is their style. The reason this review is a 3 star is because how cheap it is to get a room here. We stayed in March for roughly only $30 a person per night (1 room 3 ppl).
2	One star just because it's along the strip and another star for their nice architecture. Other than that, no stars at all. Rude employees & bad customer service! People will try to get your attention at the time you walk inside and will ask you some BS just to sell something. When I said I'll be here for only a day and that I wasn't planning to watch a show, the lady I was talking to suddenly started to get the attention of another guest that came in. I don't mind if she ended our conversation smoothly but it's just awkward and rude that it looks like she's so desperate to get some sales! Anyway, we stayed at tower 1 and the walls were thin. You can easily hear people talking outside the corridors and the footsteps upstairs. You also get to pay for the daily resort fee but there is no wireless internet! How inconvenient is that?!! I called them and they said that they have a wireless internet! I don't mind paying for the resort fee but needing to use a cable to connect the internet is just totally inconvenient if I only have a tablet!  What's the use of paying a daily resort fee if u can't get the value of your money? Employees here don't smile nor have the energy to greet their guests that pass by. You just won't feel welcome at all for being there. It's definitely a place that you won't come back for!
3	Great prices. Good for the family. Can't beat the deals!  Great location on the strip. Restaurants  are so~so.
3	We had stayed at a few hotels at the strip and I wasnt expecting much from an oldie but goodie hotel.  The one that really annoyed me was that the sales people were like hawks looking for people to buy.  They had two people at each entrance to try to get them to come back within the year.  I wouldn't mind once in awhile and maybe I would had listened but its was everytime and I was just used to saying "no."  We stayed in Tower 1 which is the outdated one but the king size bed was great!  I would stay here again if they got rid of all the aggressive sales people.
2	I was disappointed that this place had pretty decent reviews after staying there. My husband and I were on a tight budget but really wanted to make a Vegas trip for our honeymoon.1. We were told we could check in early upon arrival. After waiting 30 minutes in the check-in line, we were told we couldn't get into our room for another almost two hours. After traveling for 10 hours, this was not music to our ears.2. We stayed in one of their "newer" rooms... while the room was decorated nicely, the bed was not as nice as they made it sound. My husband and I left Vegas with lots of back pain!3. Their staff is incompetent. Well not all of them, but most.4. Housekeeping is SO loud. Every morning, like clockwork, we would be woken around 8-8:30 to housekeeping speaking Spanish extremely loudly in the all way.5. The whole hotel smelled awful. Maybe it's because I am not used to being in buildings were people are allowed the smoke, but I feel like the whole hotel stunk like old cigarettes.All in all, we had a horrible trip. Both of us got stomach bugs and we spent half the trip in our hotel. We wished we had splurged on a nicer hotel. Next time we know better!
2	The outside of the hotel looks a lot more promising than the inside. It was dingy & empty, like all the other hotels on this part of the Strip. The arcade smelled like mildew & made me want to gag. The theme is good for families with small children, but nothing to brag about.
2	Smells terrible. Needs an upgrade. But you can get a room for $24 sometimes!
2	Me and my fiance stayed here while we were wedding venue hunting. We stayed in a standard room. The room was clean which was a big thing for me, but our bed sheet was almost pointless. It was paper thin and didn't offer any warmth or comfort. Our bathroom towels had stains on them (gross) but the room itself was at least a good size. We stayed here because it was on the cheaper side but I don't see us staying there again. It fit our needs at the time and we only needed it for the weekend. Anything longer than a day or two and I wouldn't stay here. If I were on vacation and not there on "business" I would stay somewhere else.
3	Ok so here is the problem we ran into with this place. We didn't stay at this casino but we did attend their dinner show called the Excalibur Dinner Tournament. It's pretty similar to Medieval times in FL and NJ. The show itself was pretty cool and we enjoyed the food which offered a whole hen. That was very interesting because that was the first time eating one of those. it's so small and its the whole body! Anyway all was good during the first hour but towards the end of the show my asthma started acting up because their ventilation in the arena sitting area was very poor compared to Medieval times. I ended up having to go to the local hospital because of it as the show ended. Funny thing is all I needed was fresh air. When we arrived at the hospital the asthma was gone. lolIt was still a pretty good show despite that happened to me.
3	Duke does Vegas. What does one look for when traveling to Sin City? How about the same scent that I might encounter at the Landmark Lanes? That's a good start innit? The Knights of the Roundtable might have declared Excalibur a silly place and moved on, but if they got passed the scent of stale smoke, free booze, split coffee and desperation, they might have had a decent time.This is no 5 star, then again I have no clue what a 5 star feels like. You'll get (well at least I got) a comfortable bed, some inexpensive gambling, a friendly gent at the sports book (Go Spurs!), plenty of delightful people watching (at times straight out of a Springer episode) and a relatively inexpensive Vegas experience. And if you don't like the home of King of the Brits and Brave Sir Robin, well there's pretty much 18 other places to spend your hard earned Yen.
3	We stayed in Tower 1 in what was supposed to be an updated room. It had a flat screen and the beds seemed new but the furnishings were old and worn. Many of the outlets were broken so the lamps didn't work. The room was very clean and the beds were comfortable. But, the rooms seem to have no insulation. Our room was very noisy. 5:30am outside deliveries and vacuuming in other rooms woke us up. For the price, it met our expectations but we won't stay there again.
2	I've stayed at the Excalibur about a dozen times from childhood to now, and although it's not the cleanest and classiest hotel, it's still fun to visit. The primary reason I come to the Excalibur now is to go to the fun dungeon, but they have totally cheaped out on their games and toys. I'd rather visit Circus Circus for the games, but I still come to Excalibur for nostalgia.
1	I checked into my room. They never cleaned the rest room from the last guest. There was someones nasty stuff still in there. One of the bed linens had what looked to be house paint on it. Vary unclean place to stay.. I slept in my cloths.I am going to try to never have to stay here again..
2	DON'T GO TO KEVIN!!!  The night front desk employee who helped me named Kevin was no help at at. I paid  for my room online do when I got there Kevin checked me in told me to sign a paper charging my card with the resort fee.. Never did he talk to me about the room... I had to ask him what floor I was on.. He put me on the 6th floor and said I can only change if I up grade for and extra $20 a night and I was staying for 4 nights. So I took my room key and went to tower  1.. When I got there the room was horrible!!! First he gave me a room for a handicap person which had big isle space for a wheelchair two peep holes in the door.. Grab bars on the bathroom walls and over the toilet... Dirty air condition system and asepsis ceiling and on top of that it was a smoking room and I don't smoke.. Kevin knew what he was giving us and only wanted me to up grade so he can get a commission.. I returned back to the front desk and the wonderful Alicia helped me.. She asked smoking or non she asked how many beds did I want. If I was a local (which I was) and the deals locals have all questions Kevin dident care about asking.. She apologized for his mistakes and moved me to tower 2 which is 100 times better... Thank you Alicia for making my stay-cation better
3	You get what you pay for when you come to the Excalibur.  But you shouldn't complain too much.  There's a reason you & I came here, and it's because you are cheap!  Clean and cheap rooms for sure! This castle casino is clearly from a bygone era (the 80s are a bygone era?!  I'm feeling a little old here all of a sudden!)  Whatever they used to do out in the moats is clearly over and done with.  If you're in Tower 1, you'll get sturdy yet shabby furnishing.  But all is clean, not a bedbug in sight (whew!).  The spa was closed, but 2 of the pools were open (it's winter still so clearly it's not gonna be the biggest draw), but the pools were only open at 10am til I think 5pm--so no early am workout aside from the little gym they have. (bring your own foam roller, or fr equivalent, they don't got any).Most of the arcade machines were older and the wack a mole machines were decrepit.  I still ended up having fun here, skeeball and some fun shooting games.If you're a nonsmoking or exsmoker californian, you're gonna hate the casino.  Thick clouds are everywhere.  Your sinuses will be searing with pain.  I recommend you move further up North to some of the newer casinos if that sort of thing bothers you.  If not, then light up and get rid of some cash!by the way, whoever switches out the remote control batteries for their dying AA batteries, for shame! I know you're cheap, but let's have some class, eh?
1	The worse stay in Vegas ever. I go to Vegas 8times a year. When I can not book timeshare. I stay on the strip. The rooms were gross, the shower kept backing up & flooding out half the room. Since the showers are wheelchair accessible & no one had taken a shower we called downstairs. They sent up the so call handyman that came in and sprayed a spray in the shower. Dumb move we left him in the room & went out on the town. Just to come back & have several towels on the wet bathroom floor & the carpet in half the room was soaking wet. Luckily we had moved our belongings over by the window.  We was gone for 12hours he knew he made a mess & didnt come clean up. We rented a total of 3 rooms for 2 nights, which was $390 per room. What a waste of time. When we called down again, they sent another handyman up which walked straight in with a plunger to the toilet. Hello I said the shower! This wasnt the only problem, they dont give comforters for floors above the 10th. They had to get approval from a manager to switch us out of this soaked room, mind you they gave me a hard time took 30minutes to speak to a manager that answered the phone & automaticly placed me on hold. They wanted to seperate our party from the 10th floor to the 20th floor. To get blankets we had to get approval again from the manager. If I didnt have a party of 12 ranging between 7months & 79yrs old & it wasnt my birthday. I would of loaded up the trucks & got the heck out of there. The place wasnt clean, the service was gross. The 2 buffets for $35 at Excalibur & Luxor was the nastiest food with a small selection for a Vegas buffet Ive ever seen. I would of had a much better time in Downtown Vegas. Neva again tried to stay somewhere I thought the kids would of loved. They made Circus Circus seem 5 stars
4	First off let me say I am fairly easy to impress because I don't sweat the small stuff. Only gripes are there is no wifi available in the room for mobile devices and the in room air conditioning was weak.Our room was a wide screen room on the 20 floor looking at the backside of Luxor. Beds were fantastic and the room was clean. It did not smell like 20+ years of smoke on the walls. Bathroom was spacious and the shower put out hot water. The elevators moved fast and getting to the room was easy.I did not run into a million kids like most people. This is one of th family friendly spots in Vegas so be ready for it but it is not overwhelming. We did see more kids in the food court but did not go downstairs to the fun dungeon. Our service was better there than the other casinos I had visited. Cocktail waitresses were around frequent and were very nice. Bar staff was good at lobby bar. Dicks last resort has a frozen drink stand that is there as well and it's a must have when we travel to Vegas. The check in and out procedure was very easy. It is easy to go from the rotunda to the front desk and the casino is very navigable. The food court inside is great. Cheaper than eating in most places. Of course, you get what you pay for. American burger works is also in the casino area. Had two very good burgers and the dipping sauce for your fries are wonderful. Sriracha ketchup was a hit in our group. Friendly service albeit very slow for fast food standards. Overall a 4 because of no wifi and not a good air conditioner in room. I will probably look for a different hotel when the summer days get to 100 and then some but air conditioner was fine in march when the temps are around 70
2	im really not a picky person when it comes to hotels just a clean bed a clean bathroom to do the business and a shower. i dont think i ask for anything too much.i understand that excalibur IS on the cheaper side of hotel room rates but that doesnt mean that they should have....1. dents on their wall2. a shadow of a "missing" paintingand heres the really dirty stuff...3.some sort of blood stain on my blanket4. another stain on 2 different towels5. "hair" on the toilet seat when we first checked in (SUPER GROSSSSSSSSSSS)only reason why im giving 2 stars instead of just 1 is because my BF and i LOVE playing at their 3-card poker tables! (granted we loose a lot of our money there) but i cant help but to have this love/hate relationship with it. oh, and also this last stay it was in tower 1, the older tower so maybe thats why i had all those "incidents" but i dont think its an excuse. cleanliness should be a MUST. BOTTOM LINE: with all the money they're receiving from all the gamblers i would think throwing away a couple dirty towels and sheets shouldn't be too big of a deal.
1	It was my fault...I read the reviews. We wanted to stay here when it opened and it never made the cut as we always chose another location. The age of massive themed casinos is dying and the Excalibur location is prime for a new casino. The smell is shocking and we never were able to acquire the ability to withstand any long term gambling inside the Excalibur. The timeshare / "free show" salesman were overbearing and rude;  One Asian saleslady was by far the most annoying .We stayed in Tower II and it was fine with no problems. The room was clean and did not smell like the casino. We have no plans to ever stay in the Excalibur or even walk through it again. Their are way to many affordable options to  ever have the Excalibur in the mix.
3	good prices on gambling; however this is not an upscale hotel but seems that the prices are a little too much for it's surroundings. They got rid of the Quiznos in the food court which really was a terrible choice... That was the only place I went to eat... Pretty clean place to roam around and good location.
1	There's really only two things that I want when I check into a hotel, and that's a clean room and maybe some toilet paper.  Sadly, Excalibur scores 0 for 2 on this measure.After being hassled at the front desk - and told that we couldn't upgrade to a room with one King bed because none was available - we went to the room and found an unmade bed, cheezits on the ground, pubes in the bathroom etc, and no (to put icing on the cake) no toilet paper or tissue paper anywhere to be seen.  wtf?  How do you miss cleaning a room?When we called the desk to complain they DID swiftly bring us to a new, clean room - but one with a single King bed which was "completely unavailable" ten minutes earlier.  Nice, guys.  Lie to us and then stick us in a gross room.We came here because it was a cheap, but it wasn't THAT cheap.
1	Awful!! Came to Las Vegas for a surgery procedure and booked a room here through Travelocity for during the proceedure, and for the week after for recovery. Rooms DO NOT come with refrigerators unless you pay $25.00 extra per night which I had to pay because my medication had to be refrigerated. Then, there was no coffee pot in the room. Doctors orders were plenty of rest, fluids, and no solid food.. So when I needed to make hot water for tea or cup o noodles, I had to go down 21 floors, walk across a smokey casino, and pay a dollar at the Starbucks.. I contacted management to see what could be done, and she offered no apology, no help, very matter of factly told me to go to Motel 6 next time if I wanted a coffee maker in the room. I am still in the room currently stuck in this situation and Im very frustrated and unhappy.
2	Stood in tower 1, needs to updated badly. Spent over $100 a night on the room, not worth it. The only good things about hotel is one, the location. It's right on the strip. The 2nd thing is the casino is never dead
3	So many recent reviews and, frankly, I am surprised. Don't get me wrong, this isn't the Wynn or Aria -- but you aren't paying Wynn/Aria prices. We generally try to stay somewhere different each time we visit the strip and I was, admittedly, a little apprehensive about booking a room at Excalibur. But we were going up during the conference basketball tournaments and, after our January stay at the Monte Carlo was such a let down, we just wanted something reasonably priced on the south end of the strip (that wasn't the Motel 6 -- Jenny's veto, not mine). Arriving Thursday evening, the aged cartoon castle theme did come off a little cheesy but it was refreshing compared to all the 'faux luxury' presented on the strip. The front desk service was prompt and helpful and the host pointed out our free drink coupons in the coupon book. When we entered our room, I breathed a huge sigh of relief. Like Circus Circus, the Ex has had some fairly recent room renovations and the quarters were easily nicer than Monte Carlo. Granted, our King room did not have a desk or coffee maker, but the bathroom was clean, the bed was made, and everything seemed in place. Everyday during our stay housekeeping brought the room back to par and refilled our toiletries.Now, like all Strip hotels, everything downstairs is overpriced. Nothing I can do for you here. It's like an airport and it's ridiculous. But that's part of Vegas. I only played downstairs a few times and hit the sportsbook and the bar once (to get those free drinks) but all those employees were professional and cordial. My huge takeaway is the employees who stand around and try to ask if you want to see a show or get a free stay. It gets so old. But I guess it must work. I usually start off politely waving them off as I walk passed and they drop it. If not, Vegas is the kind of place you can "Go fuck yourself!" and no one really thinks twice.The gym is small but was never crowded to the point I couldn't get in a workout. The locker room is great -- they offer juices and it is laid out like a county club bathroom with toiletries and individual showers. The pool is fine -- nestled between the building and the parking garage -- but you can't bring in drinks and they want to charge you top dollar to buy them here.
3	This is one of those cheaper resorts that's owned by MGM. For the price that you pay, don't expect it to be like MGM Grand or Mandalay Bay. Check-ins and check-outs were flawless, as with the rooms. There's no WIFI at all in the rooms, which should have been included with the tedious daily resort fee. But you can walk-up to Krispy Kreme in the food court and use their free WIFI there. The arcadium in the resort is horrible.Also, the pool area can be a little better in terms of decor (ex: plant more palm trees?).
4	Great Stay! Vickie at the front desk was fantastic, a great help with checking in. The hotel is not very fancy but the best value in Vegas. Rooms are good size and an even better price. TV's are not very high quality but not much time is spent in the room. The casino is large and has many different gaming options. The food court has good variety and decent prices as well. The sportsbook isnt fancy but a great spot to watch games and make bets. Make sure to sign up for M life and get a free coupon book for the hotel and other destinations on strip. Housekeeping is good and very prompt when calling for something. Overall A Experience! Will return for sure!
2	Just started using yelp and wish I had been a user before my Vegas trip! I get offers of free rooms all the time in Vegas (I go at least 2-3 times each year) and decided on Excalibur for one of my freebies. It wasn't worth it ! Free or not, the room were old and terrible and the walk from check in to the rooms was about a mile long. Service was OK but when the room is this old not worth the stay even if it was free.
1	This place is a DUMP!!!! After a week stay at the Palms for work, we decided to stay an extra night in LV for fun. The Palms was booked up and was unable to allow us an extra night stay :(  On the fly....with out checking reviews....we booked a 1 night stay at the Excalibur. From the moment we walked in, we knew it was a mistake! The line was very long and it took about 30 mins. to get checked in. The place is just straight up trashy. The walk to our room was about a 1/4 mile, if not more, away from the casino. The towels had stains, the bathroom was disgusting and the entire room looks like nothing has ever been updated since it was opened. I will never stay here again!I understand..."on a budget"....but common! This place needs to be torn down. If you are taking the time to travel our to Las Vegas, do your self a favor and don't disappoint yourself and ruin your time here. Spend the extra $20-$30 to stay somewhere else. I have been to Vegas more than 10 times staying at the Flamingo, Palms, Trump, Monte Carlo, NY, NY, Southpoint, etc.....and this place is bar none the worst place I have ever stayed. Have some dignity Excalibur....clean this place up!
1	Last minute stay in Vegas with kiddos. Felt this would be a better fit than the hard rock for them. Room was clean and service was good. Just a dated hotel. Biggest issue was. After check in we were stopped 3 times by sales people. Sign up for this and win two free nights, or oh they didn't give you your welcome package. Come here real quick. Go to desk and its same thing. A sales gimmick. I already paid to stay here. I don't need them to push a return stay worse than pan handlers. Especially with kids. We walked the strip and were stopped twice more on way in. And this is all by official hotel people. Quite unprofessional and annoying I thought We won't be returning. With kids or without.
4	My family and I recently stayed at the Excalibur Hotel in March. I was nervous because some of the reviews I read were hit and miss. But I have to say that we had a GREAT time! This hotel is family friendly and we would stay here again. My daughter was never bored. She enjoyed the fun dungeon, pool and the Medieval show. The rooms are cheap but surprisingly very spacious. They also had good choices of food places. We ate at the Italian restaurant and it was delicious!! Give this hotel a try if you want to save money and spend it elsewhere in Vegas.
4	I disagree with the nasty reviews.Never have we arrived to a dirty room. The staff has always been awesome. We are not "rednecks" impressed by a sex-motel.I have seen plenty of younger people here.I don't care about a "gluten free" diet and if I did I would carry a bag of my own food with me.I'm not "Asian" so I have not been "discriminated" against.The front desk has ALWAYS been wonderful.Some people are just far too "Bourgeois" OR have no idea what they are looking for when it comes to traveling to Vegas.COME ONE people........you are either there for a luxary adult vacation, maybe try the Wynn.OR a party adult vacation, try the Cosmopolitan.Maybe a big summer pool party?? Try the Tropicana maybe??But don't knock a perfectly decent, accommodating Hotel because YOU did not spend some time researching exactly what YOU were looking for for YOUR Vegas trip!!I love the Excalibur.Thank you Excaalibur staff for being awesome.
4	I think this place is MUCH better than a lot of these reviews say. We did have a tower 2 room, which are supposed to be a lot nicer but we got it for free just by asking the really nice front desk lady that checked us in. The casino does have the old vegas smokey smell but then again, most of the casinos smell like that. The pool wasn't bad but it wasn't great either. Liked the adult only area and enjoyed the hot tubs. We were there during the beginning of march madness so all the table limits were raised above normal which was annoying. For the price I would definitely stay here again and wouldn't hesitate to suggest this hotel to other budget conscious Vegas travelers.
4	This hotel was very nice and clean. It was the first hotel I had ever stayed in in Las Vegas. It was at this hotel that I discovered my love for coffee. I too disagree with the nasty reviews; my experience was great.
2	I gotta give it two not one because I love the medieval times, but this place needs a serious renovation!
3	This is a *family* review of the hotel.We chose the Excalibur because it was cheap and it was a Castle---the easiest choice for any parent taking their 4-year-old princess to vegas.  (We chose this over Circus Circus because of the proximity to M&M World & Rainforest Cafe). I was leary of all the negative reviews, but we took the chance anyway.Here is our 2 cents:1.  The 2-room suite in Tower 1 was updated and very nice.  King bed was super comfortable; two bathrooms, extra large jacuzzi tub; two tv screens.  Very clean.2.  The double-queen room was NOT updated, but was VERY clean.  Bathroom was large, no tub, nice shower.  Nothing special, but for a $40 price tag on the strip, we had no complaints.  (There just wasn't anything "pretty" or "special" about the room.3.  The pools are located near Tower 2.  If you want a room near the pools, then expect to pay a higher price because Tower 2 is considered "contemporary" accommodation, meaning ,they've been upgraded & remodeled.   Convenience is key when you want the pools, otherwise you'll be walking a mile from Tower 1 thru the heart of the casino each time you come/go.4.  The Excalibur is NOT the hotel for the young & hip.  Most of the crowds we noticed are older adults, or families.   This was nice--we were not barraged with obnoxious drunkards or "sex." as stated in other reviews.  Yes, there are a lot of rednecks here, but this has a few positive benefits!a.  Rednecks spend most of their time playing the slots, so they don't bother you.b.  obnoxious youngsters trying to get laid do not hang out where the rednecks stayI will say this:  our weekend stay was quite pleasant.  The kids & families around the pool were polite (i'm really not kidding) and friendly.  We never once felt that we needed to shield our daughter from anything.  Based on other reviews we thought this would be the skankiest hotel ever, but it was quite the opposite.  I think theme-hotels are outdated, but there was nothing wrong with this hotel at all, unless you want to compare it to all the swanky $400/night hotels down the strip.BONUS:  convenient walkway to the Luxor--which is a huge hit for youngsters.  Also, a tram connects Excalibur, Luxor & Mandalay.M&M World is 0.5miles away from the front entrance of Excalibur.
1	This is not a good hotel.  It's cheap, which is probably its only allure.  Here's what I didn't like:The air conditioning in our room was so loud that it sounded like someone was vacuuming in the room every time it turned on.  Woke us up all night.My bath towel smelled like smoke.  We are non-smokers.  I know, in Vegas, people smoke.  But, it would be nice if they would launder the towels to not smell like smoke.The window shade had holes in it.  One bedsheet was torn.  Another had a cigarette burn in it.The shower was low-pressure and the spray pattern was poor.Only one bar of soap in the bathroom and the body wash was terrible.An HDTV showing all standard def and very limited channel choices.Loud neighbors and drunk people.  As soon as we got to our room a drunk guy kept pestering us for directions to the room he was looking for.  We had to repeat the directions several times.  We were tired and trying to just get into our room.  Then, that night people hollered down the hall, whooping and carrying on, at 3 a.m.  Then, proceeded to retch and groan for the next half an hour.I have stayed in some nice hotels.  I am not comparing this budget hotel to those.  I am comparing it to similar places like the La Quinta Inn or Holiday Inn.  This is not a good hotel.  Honestly, you can pay about the same or maybe a little more and get a much nicer stay.  I suggest you do.
3	We spent alot more time here than I would have had we not had a bunch of BOGO drink coupons from our stay at the Luxor next door.You can tell the wear and tear inside, its not one of the newer, fancier, artsy/designer type hotels, its more old school Vegas.Service at the bar was slow, people here a bit as well. Not the best or the worst, they did satisfy my middle of the night Krispy Kreme craving so an extra star for that.
1	Dirty ... Spend the extra money and book at a cleaner hotel. Even though they have housekeeping "clean" the rooms, the sheets are still not changed. So gross. It was too late for me to change locations but if I could have I would have. The only star I'm giving them is the fact that there is a lot going on in the hotel, which keeps it "interesting"
3	Pretty fun themed casino like out of Camelot, but with all the modern amenities. This I would say is one of the easier hotels to get lost in though as far as Vegas goes. Unlike many other hotels in Vegas though, I'm not a fan of many of their dining options. The Beware of the "body snatchers" prevalent at this property who REALLY press you for the time share sell. While dated, it's still a fun place to kill a few hours.
2	This review is for the arcade only. We drove over from Palms Place because our casino didn't have an arcade and my little cousin was bored. Overall, it was a nightmare and I left with a horrible headache. It made Chuck E Cheese look like a luxurious spa destination.The pros: They have a great variety of games for all ages. From shooter arcade games to racing games and even carnival-style games. The games seemed to be taken care of, unlike Fun Factory in Redondo Beach.Cons: One of the games took my money. Many of the more popular games are $1 or $2 per person. We tried to play two of the carnival games but no one seemed to be staffing them. Only three of the ticket counters were open. All the other machines were out of order, so it was a 10-minute wait to turn in tickets.The dealbreaker: The prizes are outrageously overpriced. 50 tickets for a mini bottle of bubbles? 25 tickets for those cheap, neon bracelets? We had about 100 tickets and left with bubbles and two army men. It took almost an hour to get to the front of the prize line because only two people were working!
1	Sucks. It is true you get what you pay for. One step up from the quality at the disgusting Imperial Palace. Hotel is reminiscent if a Howard Johnson circa 1984. Really run down. Unpleasant smell. No temp control in the room: button for heat, cool, or fan. Loud, not well insulated: awakened multiple times by yelling people in the hallway and traffic outside. No coffee maker.  No bath tub. Cheap toiletries. No decent restaurants. The wifi hookup is behind the TV rather than near a table or desk: not at all convenient when trying to work on a laptop. Waited a half hour to drop off car at the valet; self-parked the rest of the trip.  The slot manager gets props for having some newer games, however. Also: Vegas is not Disney, folks. Take your rugrats to the park.
4	I was really impressed special price of under 40 bucks for the night online special. MOST hotels have them right now.  The refurbished rooms are cleaner, beds are supersoft, room is spacious and no cigarette smell! The  atmospher of the casino and hotel was fun, busy and easy to get around. Checkin was quick, staff was super friendly. definatly worth the stay and new favorite on my list. Skip the buffet though, not that good.
5	I stay a lot here for work as I have to stay in the most "reasonably priced" place I can find. I don't mind it all. I wouldn't necessarily come here if I was on a personal vacation... at least not in the rooms I stay in. I must agree with the loud A/C and loud people trolling the halls, but my rooms have always been clean. The staff is outstanding and if I manage to find parking outside of Tower 1 I can be in and out of my room and to my car in about 5 minutes. I can get to the airport in about 5 minutes too. I also really like the food court as I can grab a quick bite and hit the road, I just wish it had more seating, especially during breakfast as the McDonalds is always swamped. Of major importance to me is the in-room internet. It's not wifi as someone below commented, but I prefer it that way because it's consistent and fast. They are smart and include and extra long Cat-5 Cable.I actually prefer the buffet here over the one in the Luxor (I stay there a lot too) because it's better laid out. Access to the New York New York and Luxor is just a small hike away. Stay here if you're looking for friendly staff and a great price.It got a 5 out of 5 based on price/value. It's not fair to compare it to it's neighbors as they are often twice the price if not more.
2	Not a bad stay for a last minute trip to Vegas (but please read on..).  Our room was clean but we had a very ugly and limited view.  People within the hotel gave AWFUL directions to us when we wanted to actually walk somewhere instead of cab.The big kicker about this place was the terrible and useless concierge desk.  It was my birthday weekend and I was with my cousin for the trip. We were looking to enjoy my birthday night and figured the concierge would have 1-the best advice and 2-some good connections.  Instead we were greeted by a coy and shy young woman behind the concierge desk, Stephanie, who offered "some" connections, none of which came to fruition.  There was zero follow up and she seemed uncomfortable and unsure of herself..not to mention, she was certainly not friendly.  Someone should let her know that it won't kill her to smile or laugh a little (we can be a comical duo although seemingly unimpressive to Ms Concierge)! All in all..we found our own connections for my birthday weekend and had a blast however, our stay at the Excalibur certainly fell short of unimpressive.  Step it up!  The front desk concierge hardly even acknowledged our reason for the weekend..and HUGE tip..when someone calls PBX or Concierge to find out where to get an ice cream cake...FIND THEM AN ICE CREAM CAKE!  A random worker at MGM offered us this information since, as usual, our own hotel was incompetent...
2	From the well-lit exterior, the Excalibur exudes grandeur and a campy sense of regal chutzpah. However, upon entry, one immediately notices that the air is heavy, stale, and filled with cigarettes and regret.Following the path to the elevators through a sea of lights and sounds to distract the guests from the decaying castle, a very large sign begging visitors to enter fast food chain "Dick's Last Resort" is unavoidable. It seems a fitting metaphor to explain the reasoning for staying at the Excalibur, though the symbolism is clouded by the graffiti of "I Heart Dicks" bumper stickers and a long row of colorful frozen cocktail dispensers waiting to be poured into the yard-long containers that adorn the necks of the Hoveround drivers that crowd the walkways.The room itself is standard, with attempts at upgrades to keep pace with the newer hotels falling flat, but still appreciated. Ideal room temperature is difficult to achieve as the wall A/C moans and wheezes in distress, much like a Toyota Tercel attempting a steep grade in the summer. Achieving a restful night is also difficult aside from temperature fluctuations due in part to firm, dorm room-thin mattresses and the late-night battle cries of bachelorette parties reeling from the sexual arousal of the "Thunder Down Under" playing just a few floors below.Overall, the guest experience at the Excalibur is not at all what I expected. But, taking a page out of Arthurian legend and seeing the quest for glory being marred by unexpected challenges and encounters, it's undeniable that the Excalibur lived up to its name.
4	I am not sure if all of their rooms are renovated, but assuming you do get a room that has been, you'll be just fine here.  My room was clean, my bathroom was clean, my TV functioned properly, and there's plenty of space for 2-4 people to walk around.  I stayed on a non-smoking floor and didn't smell any smoke.  Finally, my rate on the weeknight was $29 and my rate for Friday was $69.  Overall, where else can you stay on the strip for this price and for a room that is perfectly fine?Also, hard to hate a hotel that does offer $5 roulette and blackjack tables most of the day and night.
3	One of the few casinos still standing, unchanged from my childhood. Probably one of two good arcades left and the best of those. Although I didn't get a chance to visit it in my last trip, I hope it hasn't disintegrated too much since my last visit a couple years ago. This last trip I played craps and slots. Lost at craps overall, but had a great run while it lasted. Friendly dealers giving me crap about how young I look. I think the pit boss suspected it to be a fake ID haha. They have teaching tables and $5 tables (a nice relief from the other $15 tables on the strip). Definitely is not being maintained as well as it could be (I don't think it's changed much at all since I can remember visiting Excalibur.  I have never stayed in the hotel but have been getting emails for $20 rooms on weekdays. I'm not sure if there's hidden fees or what but for not being a high roller that's a great price :)Next time I hope to try the buffet deal they have with Excalibur
1	I stayed here with my teenage daughters for spring break 2013.   The room in Tower II was ok with the 2 queen beds.  One of the sheets on top of the bed had a blood stain on it.  A light bulb in the bathroom was out.  The soaps are cheap.  The smell in the hotel and casino is really bad.  The people working at registration are un-friendly.  They misrepresent the true cost for the rooms.  There are extra fees for internet and "resort" fees that are unexplained.  There is an internet fee that we could not use since we didn't bring our "ethernet cable" with us when we were expecting WiFi.  This is 2013, correct??   Dicks restaurant, located on the pathway between the hotel and the rooms, has terrible and expensive food, charges between $5 and $10 for a regular drink, and the waiter, if you can call him that, regularly liked to play with his crotch.  I guess he thought that was comical or entertaining.    About the pools.  The music they play on their speakers are very, very loud and annoying.  The rules on what you can and cannot bring into the pool are inconsistent and ridiculous.  Why we cannot bring a bottle of water into the pool area is beyond me.  Being out in the hot and dry weather here in Las Vegas, one can get dehydrated very quickly.  This is a health hazard to say the least.  Next time I'm going to a hotel that is honest, clean and provides what you pay for.
4	I had a great time here at the Excalibur in Las Vegas at a great price.My goal on this getaway was to see all the sites, not sit around in my hotel room, so I'm not that critical about how it looks as long as it was clean (and it was). When I did crash I thought the beds were super comfy with really soft sheets. I haven't experienced sheets like that since I stayed at the W in New Orleans!The Excalibur itself is a little long in the tooth meaning it does show its age but it is well maintained. I stayed in Tower 1 that had a sh*tty view (but oh well!). I was on the non-smoking floor that was quiet.My only complaint was that I waited in line at the front desk to mail some postcards. When I got up to the clerk I mentioned it seemed silly to wait five minutes to send four freakin' postcards and asked why didn't they have a mail slot. She mentioned that there was indeed a mail drop -- outside. I'm like WTF? Please put up a sign! Jeez.So that's it. Good price, good location. I'm sure someday I'd like a more bougie and upscale Vegas experience but then I'll have to pay big bucks for that. Ah, I can dream!
4	My sister, niece, and some girlfriends had a weekend in Vegas on our last day I missed my flight so with no reservation and no credit card (I lost my wallet lucky I had cash) they allowed me to rent a room All the staff was nice and efficient minus a few (that's why 4 stars not 5) and the rooms were nice in Tower Two (beds were a little hard for my liking) pool is beautiful and plenty to do for all ages.
4	- Excalibur attracts a less upscale clientele but it's good if you know what to expect.- On Sun/21 Apr roughly 4 pm my friends wanted to play here for the $5 minimum craps and I was content with the $10 minimum blackjack (they had $5 tables but then the blackjack paid only 6-to-5 instead of 3-to-2).  - Dick's Last Resort bar has cheap drinks and is pretty fun.- Excalibur has an excellent location near MGM, NY-NY and Luxor properites.
3	In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. Never stayed at the hotel, however, love browsing and spending time here 'cause my kid at heart is at play. I love watching the Krispy Creme donuts being made here...taking their spa bath in hot oil and then showered through a sugary waterfall. Staff are always nice and friendly. If you're one of those people whom can't stand kids, this isn't the place for you. There are a lot of dragon and fantasy themed shopped for my inner geek.
4	great place to party, haven't rented a room...
4	Cheap as hell! That alone was worth it!! Thunder from down under?! Yes please! Rooms have been updated an they really aren't bad at all, pool I nice. It looks great from the outside. A bunch of old people on the slots and not great ventilation but overal. Very good. Annnnd u can jut go next door to NY NY and get drunk and have good service :)
4	We recently visited Vegas and stayed at the Excalibur.  We were quite pleased with the room (we stayed in a Contemporary King) and the general condition of the hotel and casino. The food court was under construction, so that was a bit of a mess, but all in all, considering the price paid, we had a good experience.The staff was courteous, parking was easy, and the pool area was great, except they would not let us bring our muffins in the pool area, which was a hassle because we had planned have our coffee and muffin poolside. Instead we had to eat the muffin outside the entry door, then we were allowed to take our coffee in. Not sure what that was about...
3	This place is cheesy. The rooms are basic, yet clean. There is a resort fee due at check in. The casino floor is dingy. Cocktail service is not that great. Dicks Last resort, a restaurant inside this hotel, is a pretty cool. We recommend this place if you're just looking for a place to stay in Vegas.
3	Kind of a dump compared to most of what Vegas had to offer. Barely a step up from Circus Circus. But you get what you pay for and if you are looking for affordability, this place is actually a great option. You can stay a week here with perfectly acceptable no-frills accommodations for the same price it would be to stay a night at one of the high end competitors.  And if you don't plan on spending much time in your room--and who really DOES that in Vegas anyway--Excalibur can be a good choice for you.  Keep your expectations low and you'll probably be pleasantly surprised.  I was.
4	I give this a 4.5 star as I was pleased all the restaurants or fast food places to choose from to eat right in the hotel, lots of new & old slot machines, a few bars, lovely pool area, great kids zone upstairs, simi friendly servers, we had the deluxe room & although it had plenty of space I have taken the half star off due to it being a little dirty, table seats had food stains & there is no wi-fi & the internet wire in room we were to use for internet did not work... besides those 3 flaws everything else was great & for sure will stay again!
1	Rude or boring dealers and house keeping rushed us out. Worst pool hours in all of Vegas, only open till 6pm, which wasn't worth the surprise $70 dollar resort fee.
4	My parents and I have stayed at Excalibur twice in two years and each time, it was the hotel that the tour group chose.It is a great hotel, both inside and outside.  The room was wonderful, the bathroom was wonderful, and the TV worked.The only complaint was that they do not have wi-fi.  I found out in the hotel's FAQ before staying here.  They only have wired internet.MGM Mirage will update all of its hotels to have wi-fi later this year.  I found this out while reading the Las Vegas Review Journal business section online recently.
1	I just got back from Vegas. Met my son, his wife and grand child. My wife picked this place because it was "kid friendly"-NOT. Everything in this hotel is run down. The rooms, hall ways have seen better days-carpeting even in the elevators were stained with who knows what. We arrived on a week end and although I understand the "casino crowed" are not from Yale or Harvard however, this place attracts all the trailer park trash in the US. Walking through the casino after registering I've never seen so many people with facial tatoos and F_ _k You on their T shirts-this is not an exageration. We decided to grab a fast bite at the food court. A guy a few tables away looked like he was high on meth and his friend every so often was punching him in the face and yelling at him. Four employess-one was a security guard- just stood their laughing. The arcade for kids is quite run down and most of the games were not staffed. We stayed in the "better tower" which is number 2. I couldn't even imagine what one looks like. The owners haven't invested a dime in this place in over a decade and it looks it. Compared to other hotels this one is cheap-spend the extra money it will be worth it. Oh yea-the show was terrific however, you can stay at another place and attend the show here. To sum up-this place is disgusting, is not kid friendly unless your kid is hoping one day to be "trailer park trash".
4	After leaving the MGM to come here due to the UNCOMFORTABLE atmosphere with 20 something's making out everywhere in the pool area I thank the Excalibur for finishing my trip on a good note.My husband and I came here from the MGM with our kids, 13 and 9, and were so thankful we did.  The first room we were given was not cleaned well.  There was food all over the floor and the toilet was broken.  I have never switched rooms before but I felt that this was just not acceptable.  We went back down to the check in and waited for about 15 minutes before the lady from VIP came over to help and called us into the VIP area to check in.  After explaining what happened with the room, she was extremely apologetic and immediately switched our room to a high floor with a view.  She was very delightful and friendly.  I don't remember her name, but she was great!The room was ok, yes, they have updated the rooms but there is still wear and tear on the dresser and the chairs are old looking, orange felt.  But, I didn't come for the rooms; I came for a better experience for my kids than the MGM.  And a better experience we got! I must say though that the bed was very comfortable and the room was clean with enough towels and products.   Maid service was very polite and brought us extra blankets when we called for them within 5 minutes and gave us extra towels when she saw us in the hall.We went down to the pool immediately after getting settled and even though the slide pool was closed (the main attraction for my 9 year old son), we were able to rent a cabana for $25 for the rest of the afternoon (3-6).  This was great!  You get a stocked fridge, tv, and a great host and waitress, padded pool chairs and a couch.  We spent the rest of the afternoon relaxing and enjoying the weather.  A WAY better experience than the MGM!  They happened to be running a special the next day for the cabanas at the slide pool so we immediately held one for us for the next day as we had planned to spend the entire day at the pool anyways.   Another great day and great experience.  I can't tell you how much fun my kids had and we didn't have to sit in the blazing sun (it was 100 degrees that day) and they bring you food when you order, drinks and make sure you are taken care of plus all the extras I mentioned earlier.  Thank you Excalibur for having great staff!If you have a family and are bringing them to Vegas (which despite all the younger crowd's complaints, there is a TON of things to do with kids here) I highly recommend bringing them to the Excalibur.  The rooms are cheaper and even the food is cheaper at the food court than other bigger hotels.  The McDonald's here is way cheaper than the McDonald's at the MGM.  The pool area is way more kid-friendly and the slide pool is a hit.  We will definitely come back here for our next family vacation.
1	Showed up at Excalibur to find trash in the room, burn marks on the furniture in a non-smoking room on a non-smoking floor, and mold growing in the bathroom. Called housekeeping about the mold, expecting it to be gone by the next round of housekeeping--nothing was done. Unacceptable.
1	This is for the buffet only: I came here a few years ago because I loved this hotel as a child. After getting a big plate at the buffet, I noticed nats in my food! Not just one or two, but 100s mixed it with the ambrosia type jello salad. I immediately asked to speak to the manager. She told me "bugs are part of vegas" WTF not in my food!  After walking through the buffet with her, we noticed bugs throughout the entire buffet. made me utterly sick. My 2 friends and I demanded a refund and she said she would give us coupons to eat here again for free. I was outraged, like is ever return! She finally have us our money back, and for some reason needed our email. Since then I got nothing but a flood of emails asking us to stay at this hotel. Needless to say, I changed my email.The casino was ok, waitress was rude and NEVER brought my drink.
2	Hotel: I came her for the memorial day weekend, I was trying to have a good time in Vegas without spending an arm and a leg for the holiday weekend. The Valet line was extremely long, there was a lot of waiting just to drop the car off. Has the MGM Signature scent when you walk in which is a great thing. The registration line was fast and easy. I really couldn't hear the lady who checked me in though, I had to ask her yo repeat herself several times. Also the registration desk are very close together, I felt like me and the other guest were standing shoulder to shoulder. It was easy to find the room. It was clean but, old. The bathroom had stains in the toilet and on the tiles. The bed was comfy and the pillows were great. They had a couple of chairs in the room too which was a good little bonus. Spa: I called a head of time and booked a Spa package for $145.00. It was a 25 minute Swedish, 25 minutes facial and 60 minute Pedi. They asked me to arrive 30 min in advance to feel out paperwork, which actually only took 5 mins. I got a tour, which was really nice. The spa is nice period. However they were obviously understaffed, not that I already couldn't see that but the girl at the desk in the waiting room had discussed it with other coworkers in front of me. She didn't have anything positive to see about the situation. I showered and waiting in the waiting room for about 25 min. The massage therapist came and got me and told me that the massage was only going to be Back, neck and shoulders. Ummmk, it would have been nice to have been told that before but whatever. The massage was OK, it wasn't wonderful and I definitely could have taken a taxi a few block away and gotten a  better massage from massage Envy for a 1/4 of the price and double the time. She took me back to the front where I waited for my other services. I waited 30 mins for the lady to come and do my pedi. It was nice. I have no complaints with that part of the package. I was taken up to the front again where I waited another 30 mins. Since it was taking so long I asked how much longer I would have to wait, the front desk person told me that I only was scheduled for the two services.....ummm.. OK what about the facial?!? After she took 15 mins figuring out why I wasn't scheduled she came back and told me that there has been a "Mix up" and the first front desk person didn't provide a "card" to the person providing the facial and that is why I was left out of the schedule, so  her manager can either schedule me later on that day to get one or provide a refund. REFUND please! I was there from 9:30am-2:00pm just for two 25 min services...come on! At that point I was starving. I went up tot he front and wasn't really given an apology, they just processed my refund and said thank you for coming in. Ummm yea, no need to thank me, I won't be back. Ever. Pool: After eating I went to the pool, it was crowded given it being in the middle of the day and a holiday weekend. I immediately went to stand in line for a drink. While in line some guys said they were leaving and had paid $40 for the chairs they were sitting in and wanted to know if i wanted to sit there. I was like SCORE!!! being that I wouldn't have had anywhere to sit other wise. I got my drink and went and sat in their chairs. i sat there for about an 1.5hrs relaxing and enjoying just being out in the sun. At 5:40 a hotel service dude came and told me that i wasn't allowed to sit there without paying the $40 and that I would have to pay or leave...um...the pool closes at 6pm (In 20 mins), REALLY you're going to kick me out?!?! I told him that the guys that paid for the chairs for the whole day "gifted" them to me, but he told me that wasn't allowed. OK I guess I will have to go, because I am NOT going to pay $40 to sit here for the next 20 minutes. I understand them doing business and sells seating areas around the pool to guest that have already paid to rent rooms... I get it but REALLY?!? 20 mins, I mean come on its not like i wasn't a guest at the hotel. Whatever... Over all, when I think of hotels on the strip, this isn't the worst one. Honestly, I wouldn't stay here again. its old, and not my style. At the same time I don't like the idea of spending three times as much to stay up the street at a newer hotel as much as I go to Vegas. Sometimes I have to slum it, but I wouldn't slum it here again.
3	AN UNKNOWN REVIEW. I stay at this palce for trip to los vega because I hear that it cheap and has many bang for buck. Overall, this palce very average like a farm of pud with some problems. For one, they do charge you many service fee even after payment and no ytell you before which was the stupid but i stil do because I have to do what I need to do for long time. Despiting that, room itself resisted my grasping. Pretty small and had strong smell like a baboo that was dipped in fuck. I happy because they supply free ironed, iron board. They also have safe in there but it no lock, LOL THE IRONIC. Also vending machine in tower 1, floor 8 is from black society as I put in pokebuck to get combat soda but it no give me drink nor pokebuck back, I hope I no see that machine in alley or I will machine bag fuck it up long time. Another thing i had on the road of liking was that they allow expreess checkout so no have to wait time long time to escape perfectly from place. OH also place look like giant castle one see on Paperboy route, so it made me feel like cheap nicaraguan king to sleep here. Gym too good too too. Overall this palce average, you get what you are pay for, and I do that. 3/5 mimis
3	Pretty good place.  Stayed here for several days.  Pros:  pretty nice casino...lots of food places..good location.Cons:  Check in line was INSANE long.  Lots of people...did I say lots...I mean  LOTS of people by the doors harassing you EVERY SINGLE TIME you walk by trying to get you "show tickets."  This is BS INSIDE a hotel. I may stay here again...but I would check around...If I found a better rate ANYWHERE else...I would take it.
4	The best thing about the Excalibur is that it's more economical than other hotels on the strip. The cost of the hotel room was $27 (booked through Expedia). Of course, with all the vegas hotels these days, resort fee of $15 which gets you amenities, including wired internet in your room. The deal also included $20 food and beverage credit, which can be used at mostly bars, and the one restaurant I saw on there, which was the steakhouse (which is on the pricier side. Look up my review of the steak house at camelot for more info on the coupon there). Also included was a free play at the Dungeon, aka the midway arcade. The coupon book didn't include any match plays, unfortunately.The room itself was nice. Spacious enough. The tv is large. There is an ethernet cable for you to plug into your computer for wired internet service. The internet was a bit slow. The beds were fine. They give you 3 pillows, so you get some extra fluff. The elevators were separated floors 1-18 and 18 and up. So if you want a fast elevator service and a high floor, book Floor 18 or so. As for the casino, it was stingy. Many of the blackjack tables use continuous shuffler machines, which I am not a fan of. Most minimums were around $10 for most table games.
2	So I booked this hotel for the same reason that most do. The excellent rates. I also thought the Medieval theme was kind of neat. I had kids with me so I thought that the options offered at were kind of neat. As soon as I walked into the lobby the long lines shocked me. My check-in was on a weekday so I am not sure what the long lines were all about. I noticed that on everyday I walked by the registration area that the line was always long. After about a twenty-minute wait time we were off to our room in the "renovated" Tower 2. The room was pretty basic. Two beds with a common soft headboard separated by a nightstand. The room was fairly clean. The wall-mounted TV was huge which was great during the few minutes a day that I watched TV. I did not have a view so not much to note there. The one thing that I did find kind of annoying was the fact that there was camera mounted right outside the window so we could not open the blinds without feeling like we were under surveillance. Not sure if that is the case for all the rooms or not, but I could not bring in any natural light during the day with that damn thing there.  No gripes about the bathroom. It is what it is I guess. It was clean. If you have a ton of gadgets, as most do these days, finding a receptacle to charge said gadgets is nearly impossible. The most obvious place to find an outlet is right on the nightstand. Well in our room the outlet was on the base of the lamp that was on the nightstand. This outlet was equipped with only one plug-in for only one device. The frustrating thing about the outlet is that to plug in just about any charger we had we had to somehow tilt the lamp back then plug in the charger and hope that it stayed in. My suggestion for this issue is to put something underneath the lamp to keep it fixed at a tilted position. Finding any other chargers was like a scavenger hunt. Enough about the room. There are plenty of options for grabbing a quick bite. I do not recommend the buffet, but that was only me. Some in my group enjoyed it. The service personnel in this hotel also had bad attitudes. I understand they have jobs to do and all, but some were just over the top. I will not get into detail but some trouble areas were the lifeguard attendant who checks room keys before allowing you access to the pool area and the security in lost and found. Security moves at a snail's pace when helping you in retrieving your lost possessions. I understand thorough, but thorough can be done quickly.  And if you loose some of your personal belongings with your name on them do not wait for the hotel to look you up to see if you have a room. It will not happen. So hopefully you find your things before you return home. The arcade's hours are the worst. It closes too early and opens too late. Again, one of my reasons for picking Excalibur was for the options it had for kids. The arcade's hours took away one of those options. The pool was great beside the lifeguard access granter person and the rude guests who would leave their seats for over an hour and expect that seat to be reserved for them. Get real people. The sound system may be in need of an upgrade in the pool area. I could barley hear the tunes from some of the pools. And any time the little ones strayed away and got too close to the pool bar or to a machine on the casino floor the staff would quickly lash out at us to reel them in. I understand the law is the law, but show the same kind of excitement to help us out. Not sure if I would try this one again.
3	Nice Hotel, nothing too over the top, good table stakes on the Casino floor and the tournament of Kings is a great show.
3	The hotel has improved a lot since I stayed here three years back. The rooms are renovated and comfortable. But their buffet has taken a step back, I would say it has become the worst buffet in vegas. Also the service at the buffet was sub standard. I would recommend staying here and eating somewhere else.
3	We had dinner @ Excalibur buffet.  I would say it is good has all sorts of salad, pasta and carving roast beef, sausage and chicken.  It also has all sorts of wonderful dessert.
3	Recently my wife and I stayed for a week in Tower 2.  It room was okay and the staff were friendly.  The Poker room was good, but the other table games didn't impress us.  My wife said the pool was nice.  The room price was reasonable but I must say that I also don't like those timeshare people trying to sign you up every time you enter and leave.  Overall it was average.  You get what you pay for.  C+
4	I have stayed here a couple of times already, and I haven't had any issues with this hotel casino.A cople reasons why I have stayed here are the price and location.   For me, I find the location of this hotel to be great.  Next door is Luxor, across the street is the New York New York Hotel, diagonally is the MGM Grand, and just a bit further up is a food court with several food selections such as my favorites Subway, and Del Taco, all within a 10 minute walking distance from the hotel. Not in the mood for Subway or Del Taco, then just drive over the 15 freeway to an In-N-Out.  Need gas for your, there is a gas station close by.  Speaking of the 15 freeway, that's another reason why I like this hotel's location.  Just hop off the Tropicana exit and a few hundred feet up is a driveway for the parking lot. You don't have to deal with much pedestrian foot traffic.  Even leaving the hotel to get on the 15 is relatively easy. And the traffic around that area isn't as bad as the traffic I have seen further up the strip.When I have stayed here,it's always a room with two beds. The bathrooms are spacious and the showers are fairly large.  The beds themselves have been comfortable where I can either lay and relax as I watch some television or to sleep.  For the purpose of using the room for sleeping and relaxing, it does its purpose.Check-In was easy.  With reserving a room, just show a valid  I.D. and the credit card you used to make the reservation.  I had my smart phone already displaying my email conformation receipt just in case something went wrong. ha ha.  If you check--in early ( I am assuming before 3 p.m.) there is a $20 early check-in fee.Check-Out was also easy.  I didn't know Excalibur did this until I got home, but on the day of your check out, they send you an email so you can Express Checkout if you want to, which is convenient if you don't want to go down to the front desk.
1	Its taken me a while to get around to this one... Stayed here in October 2012 with my Best Friend for her Birthday. The room was purchased on PriceLine, I hope that isn't why the room was old and disgusting. The furnishings were from the 70's. The AC unit smelled like burnt electrical wire and the carpets looked like someone may have puked all over the place. I wouldn't reccommend this place to a homeless bum! Oh and don't stroll the lobby, you're liable to get shot.
4	Stayed with my 16y/o son, June 3-7, 2013.No problems with the hotel. It was clean, front desk gave us a room with a Strip view just for asking. Never a problem with the time share people, we just said 'no thanks' when we walked past them and some even got to know us since we stayed for 5 days.  The sheets on the bed were very soft.  Bathroom clean.  I wish there was a tv guide or something to show us what was on, besides what channel was what.  We stayed in a Contemporary Room.  2 queen beds, non smoking.  In Tower 2 on the 23rd floor. Room 23209 I think. It was room 9 on the 23rd floor at least. :)  Food court has a McDonalds, Cinnabon, Hot Dog on A Stick, Popeyes (who got both my orders wrong...), Krispy Kreme, Tropical Cafe and chinese food I can't think of the name, maybe another but I can't remember.... Prices where about the same as our local ones, maybe 1-2 dollars more. I made the reservation through the southwest.com site when I booked my airfare. Air conditioner worked great, no smell, all lights and outlets worked great.  We called the concierge once and got a great recommendation for dinner that wasn't very pricey.  Iron and ironing board in the closet. The only thing that keeps it from being a 5 star for me is that there is no fridge in the room. Maybe you can rent one, but there is no free one.I would stay here again. Unless I won the lottery, in which case I would stay at the Venetian. Duh.  :D
2	This review is for the entire Excalibur experience.Really, it should get 2 1/4 stars.Chronological break down:Valet:  3 stars - They aren't the fastest, but when the lot is 'full' and you tell them you are a hotel guest, they make it work.Front Desk:  2 stars - Lines are crazy, and none of the staff are enthusiastic or overly nice.Room:  2 stars (in Tower 2 - NOT Tower 1 - avoid Tower 1).  For about $67 a night, we got a "double upgrade", which brought us to the room you might expect BUT IN NO WAY would think it was an upgrade.  The door stopper fell off the wall.  The decor was decent, the room was big enough for our family; the tv was large and probably only a couple years old.  The bathroom had poor water pressure.  No fridge in the room.  The A/C is a large window or wall unit, but worked well and had no odor.  The bed and furniture could be more comfortable.  Outlets are an issue, and garbage cans are super small.  The safe takes up as much space as a mini fridge, they should consider swapping that out.  BIGGEST GRIPE?  The window covering doesn't cover the entire window, and the drapes won't cover it either because they don't completely cross due to the air conditioning unit.  The noise level is almost unbearable at night, due to the outside noise on the strip.Casino Floor:  2 stars.  Many annoying 'free show' hoodlums.  Though this end of the strip is supposed to be the better end, I feel that this casino might attract some questionable or shady looking characters.  A little smelly - which I expected from Circus Circus but was surprised that they had no odor.Dining:  2.25 stars.  The prices everywhere in this casino should come down by an average of $1.50 per item - and I mean everything, from the stale pistachios in the gift shop to the $9 20 piece chicken nugget meal at McD's, to the $71 per ticket we paid for Tournament of Kings, to the mediocre Mexican food at Baja (the fish tacos are awesome, skip everything else because it is bland and dry).  The bars are overpriced - some drinks as high as $40 for margaritas (and I don't mean Don Julio 1942 margaritas, I mean bullshit margaritas).Gaming:  1.5 stars.  Though check in is a mile long, the casino floor is surprisingly empty.  Not much at craps, many closed black jack and pai gow tables, the poker room has cruddy tourneys and 1 table going compared to the Venetian's 59 tables...the slots do not include the most current ones, but still have some recent favorites and good old standbys like Wizard of Oz and Wheel of Fortune.  Dimly lit.  The smell of cocoa butter is overwhelming.Entertainment: 4 stars.  Tournament of Kings was fantastic - A+++.  Great actors and actresses, attentive service and compassionate.  The best part of Excalibur.  The underground fun dungeon is okay, much like a Chuck E Cheese meets a Carnival.  Reasonably priced surprisingly.  The pool was a lot of fun, very nice lifeguards, clean, music, 3 pools, a water slide.  Pretty good time overall.Overall, it wasn't the worst I could have imagined.  The prices on the strip were much higher at most other places, so for the price it was reasonable.  Probably would stay here again for the same price or less knowing what to expect, but wouldn't stay here with a better offer anywhere else OR for a penny more here!
3	The Excal has been around since 1990.  When it was built, it was the largest hotel in the world, by room count, for a few weeks - until the Trop finished an expansion across the street and trumped them.  I'm sure both are way down the list by now, but they do have a metric crapload of rooms, something like 4000.Brak and his crew have been hanging out here for years.  Why?  The lousy food court upstairs?  The kids running around all over the place?  The crappy buffet that wouldn't be out of place at San Quentin??  No, it's the bars, mainly the Lobby Bar (formerly known as Jester's Lounge until recently).  We've known several of the bartenders there for almost 20 years, and they've become great friends over the years, and they really run a smooth ship and provide a great Vegas experience as you slide into an inebriated state.  The sports book is decent too, a good place to catch an NFL game that you've got a wager riding on.The hotel itself is serviceable, rates are all over the place, ranging from reasonable to a complete rip if something is going on in town, but that's par for the course all over the strip.  Table gaming is good, with personable dealers, some liberal rules (like the 12 pays triple on craps), and we've always found the dealers and pit bosses to be fun to hang with.Summary: partying gets 5 stars, hotel gets 2.5, food gets 2.5, the whole enchilada averages out to a 3 on the Brak-o-meter.
3	Just got back from Vegas and this hotel was our choice.  Service (Front Desk, Bellhop & Maid)  4  stars - Thank You for staying at the Excalibur and Welcome at the front desk.Valet  1 star - Slow as a turtle - had to wait too longRoom 2.5 stars - Tower II room 28237 - the smallest room in this hotel.  I was not impressed that we got stuck with the room nobody wants.  I would have complained but for the cheap rate I got I just dealt with it.Food Choices (Bucca, Food Court & Steak House) 5 Stars - Great specials at Bucca and the Steak House has excellent service.Lounge 2 Stars -  Bartenders can't make a drink to save there lives and the sound when Dollface was playing was distorted. It was awful!Dick's Last Resort 2 stars - The band that plays there is Awesome!  I sat down to watch the live cover band and not one person took my drink order...not sure if your suppose to serve yourself or bring a drink from one of the bars.Pool 2 Stars - Can not handle the volume of family's that come plus $10 for a small drink very over priced.  Your not allowed to bring your own drinks unless it is water, soda or tea. Suggest go after 4 when kids and parents are getting worn out from all day at the pool.Gym 2 Stars - Check in staff not friendly - stair master broken and water not cold from cooler.I am not sure that this place is full of red necks or a horrible place to stay.  I like to come on vacation and enjoy.  If you want a party place with fancy rooms this place will not meet your needs - go too the Venetian.  My next vacation is in August and not sure if I will be back or go some where else.  I guess it depends on the deal and the rooms that is an upgrade from what I got stuck with.
4	Hmm...I think people are just too spoiled now-a-days...Always wanting the best of the best; Having that "If it's not lavish then it sucks" mentality. I myself, aren't one of those people. I don't need no fancy pancy hotel, I just need somewhere clean to rest my head. Excalibur pulls that off nicely for me!You honestly, don't even spend that much time in your hotel room to begin with, so why pay big bucks?! Unless you're celebrating something special, then I understand. Let me start by saying, I've stayed here numerous times and I don't really have a complaint about the place! The only thing I would mention is that it could use a little refurbishing, like change up the rooms to look a little more modern and add a fridge in the room, but those would be my only critiques. It's a good place to stay if you're on a budget and still get a nice looking room, and a pretty big bathroom might I add. It's VERY convenient because it is right on the strip, and linked to the Luxor, MGM and New York NY. They have quite a few entertainment shows like The Tournament Of Kings, Thunder From Down Under, and they also have live bands play nightly, and a couple others as well. This is a cool spot to stay without cleaning out your wallet!
3	Good rooms for a great price... clean and comfortable.. the only issue I had was they did not have a coffee maker in the room. Otherwise great place
1	what a creepy little shit hole. LOL it needs to be remodeled. This is where all the weirdos hang out.
3	3 stars for a short summary.AC is EXTREMELY loud, it is not built into the hotel, but a separate machine that is placed on the window. This machine had no built in thermometer, so there was no setting a temperature, which was a drag. Coming back from EDC having it be hot, then sleeping and having to wake up to turn it off. This was a non-stop problem. Either way, I got through it.The bed is surprisingly comfortable to me.There is no fridge OR wi-fi..... which... is very sad to me. The room itself wasn't terrible or anything, but nothing amazing as well.If possible, I would stay on a hotel ON the strip, just because of the experience, but I wouldn't say Excalibur is bad. For a hotel on the older side with not much remodeling, it was not a totally bad experience.
2	I've stayed at the Excalibur before and this will likely be the last time I stay here.  The staff are very nice and professional. The rooms are usually clean.  However,  they're now charging a ridiculous $15 per night resort fee and there is no wifi in the rooms. There is a hot spot in the rear of the casino,  but that's it. I know pretty much every hotel on the strip charges the bogus resort fee, but the level of the fees has become simply outrageous. It's just another way to make more money without jacking up room rates.  For those fees,  there should be some actual amenities provided.
1	Worst buffet and old building nothing else to say u probably got the point!
2	Saw the excalibur show - EXCELLENT.  The horse appeared in excellent condition.However the casino was nasty dirty.  Please consider hiring some folks to wipe down and clean up, did not want to touch the doors/windows.
2	We stayed here on a Thursday/Friday night to celebrate our anniversary. We arrived at around 5:00pm and the line to check in was crazy long but the staff handled it really well and were very organized. When we got to the front of the line we were directed to the VIP check-in area (they were handling the overflow). The guest services lady was not happy about helping "regular" guests in the VIP room (she complained to a manager who walked by while she was checking us in.  the manager said "I know they are just trying to get through the line as fast as possible".). So we kind've felt a little wired since she said it in front of us and the manager just kind've agreed with and sympathized with her.  We got a room with a nice view of the New York New York and the Strip.  But our AC was not working properly so we called and asked if someone could come by to check it. The maintenance guy came about 20 minutes later and was very friendly and fast. There were parts disconnected and the filter needed to be changed. The alarm clock in the room was not reset and it went off at 6:30am!!! Since we didn't go to bed until almost 3:00am that was terrible! And I couldn't figure out how to shut it off! I had a hard time going back to bed after that and we ended up getting up by 7:30am which ofcourse meant that we were very tired by around 3:00 in the afternoon and had to take a nap (yes we are old haha). The alarm clock fiasco kind've ruined our day. The Casino is conveniently located next to the Luxor and near the MGM and New York New York. We didn't spend much time in the Excalibur, there was an odd smell in certain areas, the AC in the Casino didn't really seem cold enough and there were men and women dressed in black who were constantly approaching us to ask if we wanted free show tickets which is a scam. I totally understand that they are doing their jobs and since they are scattered throughout the casino they don't know whose been approached and who hasn't (something they might want to work on) but its so tiring when you are approached 4 or 5 times just walking through the Casino to your room. We made a u turn because we were walking in the wrong direction and the same lady approached us twice in a matter of 60 seconds!  And they are so pushy, they follow you and talk to you even after you let them know your not interested.  Some of them were rude about it. It's pretty sad when you have to walk the long way just to avoid them, like there isn't enough walking going on in Vegas already! HahaWe probably won't stay there again :(  Our not so friendly experience at check-in kind've set the tone for our stay. Not being able to relax when we got into our room after a five hour drive (since the AC was not working) and being woken up at 6:30am just compounded our dissatisfaction. The 2 stars are for the maintenance guy who was awesome and the location of the hotel.
2	I stayed here during the last week of June.  I think I stayed here 10 years ago and everything looks just the same. The nicest people at this hotel are, by far, the valet guys. It was SO hot out and they were friendly. Got back late one night to a full lot and the guy parked my car so I would not have to go back to creepy self-park all alone. So thanks valet dude. Check in didnt take long, dude was ok. It took forever to get our bags though. The casino reeks of smoke. Pee-youuuu.My room was on floor 7, tower one. One good thing is that it does not take 30 min to get to your room, like at MGM. The room though...yuck. It's just old. I felt like i was time warped to the 70's. The beds.... Not good. One week later and my back and neck still hurt from the beds/pillows.  Fixtures and lamps and stuff were dirty. Bathroom was small, it was clean enough. Towels were very thin and stained. Maids we saw in the hallway were super nice and gave us what we needed. Excalibur hotel has a good food court. You also get a nifty little coupon book.  Would I stay here again? Only if I absolutely have to. My advice is spend the extra few bucks and get a nicer room at a newer hotel. Enjoy Vegas, baby!
1	This is what happens to a casino when it is not kept up.  It's pretty bad when the Circus Circus does a better job.  The rooms are small and old.  They are in need to be updated.  The casino is flat out dirty.  It's very smoky and odd smells come at you from every direction. (It's kind of like popcorn, smoke, and pee).  The staff is nothing to speak of.  Do your self a favor and move up to a better place to stay and play.
1	Wow I watched a bar tender call security for a guy that was black out drunk with a friend. He also called to get hookers off his bar talking to the guy blacking out at the bar. I watched the security guards walk by looking at the hookers obviously doing there thing and walk away. So if your drunk and probably want to be taken advantage of by hookers you found it.
3	Positive: Affordable if you book your room in advance and during the week just like any other hotel. Remodeled rooms are nice enough for you and your kids (my room was clean with a nice pool side view - ask for pool view!) You really do not have to leave the hotel if you bring your kids, pool has a water slide ( get a cabana early or at least an umbrella early because they fill up quickly!) Excalibur knight show is great for kids and a really good deal (includes food) just like medieval times. Video arcade is good size. The salon was expensive just for a manicure - I wouldn't go back to salon for that but the spa was okay, gym is cool with a pool view. Another downer is they do not let you bring outside drinks into pool area even if it is bought in Excalibur! THAT I DO NOT AGREE WITH, they make a lot of money already! I bought a frozen drink at Dicks (in Excalibur) and I had to finish it or throw it away before entering the pool! I guess its a separate business but I still do not agree. The casino area smells like smoke but they all do lol! My son, daughter and I had a lot of fun despite the few negatives which there will always be something you do not like. - Always be open minded before commenting and have a full understanding of the reasons why something is not the way we like it to be! :) State the positive and the negative! Be respectful and fair!, take everything into consideration!!
3	Excalibur definitely appeals to the budget minded.  I stayed here thanks simply to a great deal for a $62/night room that I got on Expedia.  As far as amenities go, the rooms are nice.  Very clean and the staff was very diligent about cleaning while I was gone.  They also have a nice pool area and the casino was very comprehensive with a poker room, sports bookie, table games and machines.  The casino's appearance definitely feels dated, but whatevs.I only have three gripes.  First, I didn't care for the restaurants they offered.  They were either very pricey, sit-down affairs or cheap take out (McDonalds, Krispie Kream, Starbucks, etc.).  I would have liked a cafe-style area similar to what they have at New York, New York or, say, Paris with healthier options.  My second wish is that they had better cell phone reception.  I stayed on the 15th floor and I could barely get reception, especially data.  This wouldn't be a problem except for (gripe #3) the lack of Wifi.  The rooms only have a wired ethernet port.  I'm not sure who lugs their laptop on a vacation to Vegas, but they're all set.  Everyone else is going to have to rely on spotty data reception.That said, if you're traveling on a budget or with kids (who will enjoy the King Arthur motif), Excalibur will do just fine.  Tip to the owners if you're reading this: You should totally take advantage of  Game of Throne's popularity.  Maybe do a cross-promotion or something.
4	It is a good place. I mean, the room is clean and I like their kids' friendly style. Everything is good though.
2	It was cheap? For about $200 for a weekend cheap - I guess what follows are to be expected. At least the AC worked!!! Just really really loudly....The rooms were clean (although not cleaned between nights; same makeup stains on my bedsheets and random **** on the floor from the day before) and didn't smell of smoke. Besides that, this place sucks. Please let me elaborate:1) The casino smelled akin to a hot-boxed half century old water logged chevy with a burning tire in the rear2) Do they not clean their shot glasses? There was some sticky SOMETHING hanging on the inside of the glass touching my vodka and they refused to pour me a new shot!! That goose was expensive to waste...3) NASTY pool. I mean....there was so much "stuff" in the water that you couldn't see your hands clearly at waist level.4) You got a mean dealers that wouldn't explain the rules of the game to someone who wasn't very familiar with the game. You two had NO ONE else there, but me. By contrast, the dealers at Aria were more than happy to take the time to explain the game rules and even offer some advise. Might be different with the other dealers, but 2/2 was enough for me.5) I'm not a big fan of the super old moldy lookIf you're looking for cheap and to save $ for gambling - this is the place for you. But for me, I'm going to spend the extra $$$$ to get a nicer place next time.
2	Cheap, feels dirty, and quality is just not there. The only plus side is that it's on the strip and really connected to the surrounding area, and the stores on the second level.
4	Great Value for a large clean room! The casino & food court has enough around you never have to leave. Luxor & Mandalay Bay are attached, and they will only improve the experience.
4	My family stayed here.  It was a nice clean room. cool view. Kid friendly. Easy parking.  I loved the food court and the pool. There was even a waterslide!
3	You pay for what you get, is all I gotta say.Pro: Good service. Nice pool. Nice air conditioning in the room. Nice arcade. Good food court!Con: Long check in line. House keeping lacks a bit. Parking sucks ass. We upgraded to the tower 2, because it's more updated and new. First of all, flat screen tv's, closer to the pool, closer to parking! YES O' YES. The room itself is kept up nicely, the shower is really big, nice counter top&all that good stuff. but the flat screen tv is kind of unresponsive, the bedding isn't warm or soft, and the service lacks in some areas. Food court, that's what got me... Vegas is not only taking your money but takes money for your food! The food court here: Popeyes, McDonald's, Krispy Kreme, starbucks, etc! I love that Excalibur doesn't try to take people's money for bad food. Anyways, I would only stay here on a budget and just to party lol.
1	Valet was full! Parking was terrible! The room had stained curtains & the velvet back board of the bed frame was stained with hand prints!?!  Ew! When we went to the pool they were out of towels! When we were finally ready to leave there was a 40 minute wait for them to take our luggage out to our car! THEN we waited an additional 30 min. For them to just bring us our bags in the front of the hotel in the blistering heat!! When we asked where are our bags!?! (Bc i felt it was taking too long!!) They said there was "no luggage under that last name"!!! Luckily they ended up locating them(under the same last name I had already given them!!). I will next time spend more $$ on a different hotel!! bc I was very disappointed & disgusted for my first visit to Vegas because of this hotels service!!
1	OK - here's my bias on this: I'm not a gambler. I started to go out and gamble one night but fell asleep reading my kid Winnie the Pooh at bedtime and never made it. So right there you know if our perspectives mesh.Booked this hotel because I read it was family/kid friendly and still on the Strip (plus it was cheap) and figured we'd give it a spin. Consider it spun. The positive: it does seem to be fairly kid friendly for a Strip motel.What's that you say? Like saying fairly lung friendly for a non-filter cigarette? Yes, you have a point.Also, it's fairly inexpensive. I can't think of one that was less. Lastly location, location, location. Good location. oh, ok - and the check in lady was nice.Now for what I really think when I'm not trying to be mature:1) I' incensed over the $5.99 transaction fee at the ATM.2) Yes, you can print your boarding passes. That'll be $7 for ten minutes on the internet please.3) room is OK. I've had as good in very small towns in the middle of nowhere.4) In the midst of having my four year old on the bridge getting his little brain dazzled by the blinking lights I thought to myself -why am I doing this? He was as happy playing tractors in the room.5) how did I just spend $28 at a Baja Fresh in the hotel for a tummy ache? (two - his and mine)Which is the point. There are at least a few hotels within a mile of the that do not charge that absurd "resort fee" have a much calmer vibe, better food, a much cleaner pool with less crowding and for less money. Which is what I should have done this time. And will do next time.Excalibur? Never again.
3	Awesome location, clean rooms, inexpensive. If you want luxury, look elsewhere. If you just need a place to crash while on a relatively budget friendly vacation, it's the place to stay.
4	You get what you pay for, simple as that. And for the unbeatable price, I thought Excalibur held up pretty well.I stayed for a few weeknights on a spring break trip. Our room was clean. No issues with check in/out. Bartenders at the casino were friendly and provided good service. Spent about 2 hours down there and was never approached for service, had to go to the bar. So that was kinda weird.And while I do prefer the luxe rooms of the Venetian when it comes to aesthetics, if you're on a budget, Excalibur is great. If it's a little dirty, well, what do you expect for under $50 a night? It's a HOTEL ROOM where countless other people have slept and done God knows what, just like any other hotel room, so just because the floor in a place is vaccummed & its "spotless" doesn't actually mean it isn't crawling with germs. Just. Like. Every. Other. Hotel. ANYWHERE.You're in Vegas. Go party and stop being so nitpicky. But thats just my two cents.
1	My boyfriend and I spent three nights here last summer with no issues. However, this summer we had some BIG issues. Here is a copy of the letter I sent to Excalibur's official email for customer service to be greeted with no response. I'm sorry, but if I take the time to write out a letter, you sure as sh*t better, at the very least, acknowledge that you received it. I never got a response from them, and I sent it about six or seven weeks ago:To Whom It May Concern:I am very upset to have to write this letter but I feel that it is important to contact you about my recent stay at the Excalibur. My boyfriend and I had booked three nights at the Monte Carlo hotel from June 3rd to the 5th. We then discovered the MyVegas Facebook app and accrued enough points to redeem them for a free night at Excalibur the day after we checked out of Monte Carlo on the morning of June 6th. We had an amazing stay at the Monte Carlo and had previously enjoyed our stay at the Excalibur so we were very excited to put our MyVegas points to good use in order to extend our vacation.We arrived at the Excalibur around 11:30am and we were told that we would receive a phone call around 1:00pm to tell us which room we had been assigned to. When we checked out the room, we had been assigned to a Tower 1 room, which is (as you know) the tower that has not been renovated. It was not NEARLY as nice as the room in Tower 2 we had stayed in last year, but I thought it would be okay considering it was just a comp room and we weren't actually paying for it. The room was extremely small and not even half the size of the room we had previously stayed in. Again, I was willing to deal with that because it was a comp room. I was not, however, ready to deal with the other aspects of the room. We wanted to take a nap after we checked in. I pulled back the covers of the bed and there was a big curly black hair right behind the pillow. Obviously, I was grossed out so I flipped the pillow around. There were three big brown spots on the pillowcase. It was definitely not clean. My boyfriend went downstairs to speak to someone and when he was away I felt something on my foot and I was disgusted to discover that it was a big spider. Thankfully, your staff at the MLife desk were fabulous and transferred us to a Tower 2 room. Unfortunately, our stay did not end on a pleasant note. Being that it was our last night in Vegas, my boyfriend and I stayed out very late. We didn't get to bed until well after 4am and we had set our alarm to 10:30am so that we could have plenty of time to collect our bags and check out before 11. However, at 9:20am there was a loud knock at the door. I know that hotel walls can be thin so I assumed it was a knock on the door next to ours and tried to ignore it. I then heard even more knocking and then the sound of a card going in and out of our door. I finally got up and saw that housekeeping was outside and told her to leave. Thankfully I had the dead-bolt up because if I had been woken up by someone else walking into my room I would have been extremely startled. The best part is that we had our Do Not Disturb sign on!! How can your housekeeping staff not know that? And even if it was not on, why would you be pounding on our door literally an hour and a half before we had to check out, when the sheets would have to been changed anyway? We were very irritated that we got cheated out of more than an hour of sleep that we really needed before our long drive back to LA. It's not the way you want to wake up after a night of partying.Between the uncleanliness of the room and the rude awakening we received the morning we were due to check out, I am not willing to stay at the Excalibur again. My boyfriend and I were both very disappointed in our stay. We were especially disappointed because we had stayed at the Excalibur in June of 2012 and enjoyed ourselves. Unfortunately, this stay was simply not up to par. I'm very upset to say that you have lost customers due to our recent visit.
3	Yes, it's OK hotel in Vegas. Pool is far away from room. Their sports bar staff are friendly.
1	Horrible!! But I guess you get what you pay for. Every other casino on the strip was booked. Thought this one would be decent...wrong! The steakhouse was amazing. That's the only reason I gave it one star. We'll never stay here again. Rooms are totally outdated. Very dirty. Room was nonsmoking but totally smelled like stale smoke.  Not even a clock radio. If you want a refrigerator, they'll bring you one, for 25 bucks a day. If you want internet,(included in the resort fee) they'll bring you some cord, I guss. No wifi. This place sucks!
4	After reading the reviews on Yelp I was a little worried about what we might encounter during our Stay at Excalibur. Luckily, I was pleasantly surprised! Check in was quick and the staff was friendly and helpful. I had 2 rooms reserved for our group, and they were able to accommodate us by making sure our rooms were right next door to each other. The rooms were a little worn, but clean. The bathrooms was a good size so us girls were able to get ready at the same time. The pool area was nice; we got there at about 10:30 on Saturday morning and were able to get 5 chairs together at the adult only pool. They had a DJ playing and the crowd was really fun. Someone brought a volleyball and a big group of us tossed it around in the pool. I really liked the atmosphere; very open and friendly. They had the Captain Morgan girls there promoting, so by purchasing a cocktail we got free beach towels!True, the Excalibur isn't the most luxurious hotel around, but I thought it was a great value and I would stay here again. I don't come to Vegas to sit around in a hotel room, so I would rather sacrifice a little luxury so I have more money to spend doing fun things around town.
4	You can definitely tell its an older hotel but I love the castle theme. I had a blast there!!
2	Stayed here 4 times altogether.  You get what you pay for.  Thats that.Mostly everything is about 15-20 years behind the bar.  Mostly outdated.Drink service on the floor is slow, but this place always seems to get pretty busy too.They have never had any worthwhile shows, unless your a fan of half-naked Australian men...
2	Very middle of the road or even a little under.. Sports book is probably the nicest nook. I upgraded to a suite & honestly it looked like a regular room. I give this two stars.
4	Two bad beats at the poker tournaments, but overall came out winning at Excalibur!!!
3	It's a bed...an old, old bed in a hotel that is absolutely screaming for some renovations and some revisiting on their standards of guest service.  Clean rooms might be a good start.  Getting the room we asked for would be good.  If they care, a restaurant better than Buca as their best restaurant would be nice.I would only stay here again for a cheap hotel option.  I could overlook the cons, I mean, I've stayed in worse.I would recommend this as one of those "It's a Bed" hotels.  Ball out somewhere else.
4	I've stayed here a few times, always a good experience. Parking has never been a problem, and it's easy to get in and out, with nice freeway proximity.The casino has a good selection of games, and I've always found a decent poker tournament to join. I've never had any trouble finding a machine I like.Never a complaint about the rooms - comfortable, and the usual stuff is there. The hotel internet seems to be wired only, however, so I had to use my phone's internet connection - WiFi would be a nice addition.
2	This hotel smells...ew I would never stay here.
3	Sunday night check went smooth and staff was polite. The room was better than basic and had an excellent TV. The air conditioning was a little loud but it could be turned off without the room getting hot. I asked for and received a quiet room away from elevators and major foot traffic. At only about $30 (before all the BS fees and such) It was a value. I was also given a thick book of useful coupons. If you're looking to save on your hotel this is much better deal than Circus Circus, a much older, less well maintained hotel.
2	I'm so done staying here.It's not the rooms.. You get what you pay for with those. A comfortable (yet dated) place to sleep right on a great part of the strip.The reason I am never coming back is because of constantly being bothered by the timeshare people (or whatever they are selling) who hit you up every single time you walk down the hall to Tower I or Tower II.I'm on vacation. I'm trying to relax. I don't need you to try and sell me stuff when I'm already staying here.See ya, Excal!
1	6&7 July 13DON'T STAY HERE!Took an hour to check in. Reception desk people are less than friendly. Requested extra pillows, given a hard time.  After third phone call they said they were already delivered. Not to our room. Air conditioning unit was absolutely filthy and so was room. Shower head was so plugged up was difficult to rinse my hair. Very rundown hotel room. No Wi-Fi either. Stained pillow cases and sheets. Rugs in hallway rolled up, stained, and frankly unsafe. Elevators wreaked of marihuana. No room service??? Are you kidding me?
3	Dive with a capitol D. The only reason I am giving it 3 stars (and not 2) is because their pool is better than the tiny one at NYNY. Don't get me wrong, it's nowhere in the vicinity of the Hard Rock's Rehab (down the road) or even it's neighbor, the Luxor - but it's fair - to say the least. So, why did we stay here? Because it was CHEAP. But then, you get what you pay for. I will say that the buffet isn't any worse than it's neighbors. After all, It's pretty hard to screw up mashed potatoes or roast beef. However, it was overpriced, like all the other casino hotels. Gone are the days of $1.99 buffets. That went bye bye with the Rat Pack.  I can't say our room was all that bad, but the free show in their moat is embarrassing. In this day and age, anyone over 5 years old would snub their noses at the obvious tracks and archaic robots. Again, at least the pool is decent. Also a plus is the location. It's across the street from NYNY - which has a roller coaster and MGM, which has the lion sanctuary (and a fan-freaking-tastic pool with lazy river, if you can sneak into it). I'd have to be pretty hard up to stay here again, but one can never say never.
2	The Excalibur gets two stars only because the Chapel did a fantastic job while every other aspect was a nightmare.  The AC in the room didn't work right and I was left with a sinus issue that's had me coughing up a lung for 4 days.  We were put in tower one which is the worst.  Avoid that tower at all cost!  Everything looks dirty except the Chapel, again the only highlight.  Basically tear down the whole thing except the chapel and the pool and start over.  The security guards are rude when they give important information and it seems like the right hand doesn't talk to the left.  I had to walk half way around the casino only to be told that I couldn't access my vehicle due to a crime scene.  No one cared that it was my wedding night they just rudely told me and my group we couldn't access our vehicles.  I will never stay there again.
3	I just stayed here for one night because it was cheap and I wasn't going to be spending much time in the room anyway. It's definitely a budget hotel, so keep that in mind. If you need a cheap place to stay on the strip, Excalibur does a decent job, but don't expect 5 star amenities because you won't find them here. I booked a standard tower room. The room itself was not impressive. It looked pretty old, but at least the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was kind of nasty looking. The toilet seat even had some yellow stains that I had to clean off, which was disgusting. I'm not sure how housekeeping could have missed those! The internet is only wired though, and there is only one cord, which could be a nuisance for some.  The casino is pretty good if you're looking for low minimum tables. I played a lot of penny slots and had good luck with those. The crowd is a mix of people on college/20 year olds budgets and some families. (I guess the castle theme is the closest to Disneyland on the strip. Dad can gamble and mom can see Thunder Down Under while the kids are entertained at the arcade). The resort fee does include a $20 credit at bars in the Excalibur and the Luxor, so you can kind of get your money's worth. The pool area is surprisingly pretty nice and large, considering that the rest of the resort looks pretty run down. I only ate at the food court, which had a good selection. The location of the hotel is pretty good though. You can even take the Westcliff Airport Express if you don't feel like taking a cab from the airport. Only $2! Excalibur looks somewhat enchanting from the outside, but you best not venture in unless you know what you're in for.
1	Last minute stay in Vegas with kiddos. Felt this would be a better fit than the hard rock for them. Room was clean and service was good. Just a dated hotel. Biggest issue was. After check in we were stopped 3 times by sales people. Sign up for this and win two free nights, or oh they didn't give you your welcome package. Come here real quick. Go to desk and its same thing. A sales gimmick. I already paid to stay here. I don't need them to push a return stay worse than pan handlers. Especially with kids. We walked the strip and were stopped twice more on way in. And this is all by official hotel people. Quite unprofessional and annoying I thought We won't be returning. With kids or without.
3	This low end hotel on the south strip is best known for restaurants.  Forget about themes.  They closed Lynard Skynards, which had the best ribs and they took away the smoked barbecue chicken at Dick's Last Resort.  They took it away because people freaked out about the pink chicken.  Those two restaurants were the main reason I stay here.   The hotel rooms are just blah at best.  The casino is ok.  They still have some video poker machines from the Reagan era.  Most Jacks or Better quarter machines are 7-5.  I've stayed here my last three visits to Vegas and it is time for me to move to a classier resort.  I may not even gamble here on my next visit.
3	Ahh Vegas... where the rooms are dirty and the casinos are... well... dirtier. I've been a pretty big Excalibur fan since I was a kid. Of course the reason has changed but I still get sucked into the "being in a giant castle" idea even as an adult. My room is almost always pretty clean. I can handle pretty clean opposed to really clean. Why, you ask? Because the room is cheap cheap cheap. I just payed $40 a night when the next closest on the Strip was around $70. It was totally worth it.They also know how to bust through a line. Since I drive down from SLC, I get there right around check-in time pretty regularly. Usually, the line has 50 or more people. That is also disappointing to walk into after a 6 hour drive... But the staff handles it well. I waited no more than 10 minutes in a line I thought I'd wait over an hour in. Once we got to our room, we had no real complaints. Didn't smell great, but everything seemed clean. Besides... we didn't spend much time in the room anyway.There are several bars and restaurants on the first and second floors to make everything nice and easy. They also have a 24/7 convenient store as well.I also enjoy that there is a direct walkway or tram to New York New York, Tropicana, Luxor and Mandalay Bay. Very easy to get from place to place.This isn't a 5 star hotel, so as long as you can remember that, you'll enjoy it.
4	Let me start by complementing the staff. They were all very helpful and courteous. We were unhappy with our first room and decided to request a room change. The staff was glad to help and assured us that no extra charges will  be added. The Hotel itself is not that bad. I agree that it may need some renovations because a lot of the furniture and overall design seems very dated. It would be great if they make them more modern and maybe add a night club inside that can attract the younger crowd. The room that we got was pretty neat. Bed was comfortable and the bathroom was very clean. I love how you can  just check out via their autmated e-mail (link to a website). They also have machines by each tower that allows you to check out faster. My only beef was the $15 "resort fee". Actually, It was not too bad compared to other Hotels who will charge you an additional $20 a night. I did not like how the Internet was wired. I'm sure it wouldn't be too costly if they were to upgrade their systems to wireless. A little tip, if you want free wifi access, go upstairs to the food court and hang out in Starbucks. Another tip. Be careful of some people who look like they work for the Hotel. A lof of them are acutally vendors who will try to sell you things. What can you do. I'ts Vegas after all.
1	I did not like this hotel at all. It's very old and not comforts in it. The good thing is that it was cheap but at the time was like a room just to sleep! There is no view at all and while you are in the Vegas it should not be those kind of rooms. When we came in to the room we just sow a trash cans and an a conditioner staff...!!!But the Casino and staff were good and cute  ...it's was almost like we were in the animation movies...but inside the casino...
3	I've had so many great memories of the Excalibur Hotel. Ever since I was a kid, I always loved stories of knights and wizards and castles and all the other nerdy stuff that goes with it. So the Excalibur was always one of my favorite spots in Las Vegas.Now that I'm older, I think it's still a great hotel, but it's certainly lost a bit of it's luster. The overall maintenance of the seems to be lacking a little bit. The hotel is not quite and posh as a lot of the newer hotels on the strip.The hotel offers pretty much the same amenities as all the other hotels on the strip... a nice casino, lots of slots, shops, eateries, bars. One of the benefits that this hotel has that others do not is their "Fun Dungeon", which is a video arcade with midway games down in the lower level of the hotel. It's a great spot for kids or adults looking for some innocent fun.The buffet at Excalibur is one of the cheapest on the Strip, but also one of the least impressive in my opinion. They do offer an nice deal where you pay a $35 fee to be able to eat all day at the buffet at both the Excalibur & Luxor. So the Excalibur buffet may be a good choice for the budget-minded, but not for the hardcore foodies.The room rates are some of the cheapest you'll find, but the rooms will be fairly basic & small.Overall, the Excalibur is a good option for families and those traveling on a slightly tight budget. Not as upscale or modern as many of the newer hotels, but you'll still get nearly all the amenities of a major hotel/casino.
4	This hotel/casino is underrated. Tower 2 was clean and had a modern decor. The beds were really comfortable! They're in desperate need of a parking garage, but that's the only thing I am complain about. Had a fun time at the pool and food was fairly priced!
1	The Excalibur or should I say the low caliber is a place to avoid at all costs! I stayed here for a convention in Feb. the entire hotel hasn't sickly smell of Malibu Breeze, it's dirty, and very dated! They have people constantly hounding you from the moment you walk in to add extra days to your stay. The room is okay, no wifi just a cable hookup which iPads don't connect to. It's time for a major update on this place! It could be very cool if they tried!
1	IF YOU VALUE YOUR OWN OR FAMILY MEMBERS' LIVES, DO NOT STAY AT EXCALIBUR HOTEL. This is the WORST hotel stay my ENTIRE life. Our room got broken into while we're sleeping and the bugler took three iphones and all of our cash with a total value over $2000. There were 4 of us staying at the room and even my friend's phone that's charging at the most inner corner of the room was stolen. All of us were traumatized and feared for our lives for the rest of the trip. What if one of us has woken up and got hurt by the bugler? The burglary happened last Saturday morning (8/24/2013) between 5 a.m. (when we went to sleep) and 8:30 a.m. (when we woke up). It is amazing how the bugler took his time and scoped out the room and only took cash and iphones (not credit cards/ipad/laptops/jewelry) in such as short window and managed to not wake one of us up. What did the hotel do? NOTHING! The security came up and took statement and referred us to the "Risk Management" department, which conveniently was closed for the weekend. The security taught us how to "dead bolt" lock the door after the fact (you have to turn your door knob upward with a 90 degree angle). There was no instruction on the door for such unconventional locking method. However, after the front desk manager moved to another room, BOOM, there was a sticker on the door showing how to dead bolt the door. It led to us to believe our original room 9206 was a repeated burglary room. The entire Saturday was a waste talking to security, front desk manager, hotel manager and they all said they have no authority to do anything and we would have to wait for the "Risk Management" department to come back to work on Monday. We followed up on Monday and the Risk Management receptionist told us that "we're still just getting the report in; you will have to wait until one of the investigators gets the report". We called repeatedly and she just kept on referring to the investigator. Excalibur is truly amazing on how they just continuously pointing fingers to another person/department. I called again yesterday (8/29/2013) after 5 days of the actual burglary, the receptionist said "the investigator assigned to your case has just stepped out of the office" and of course she never called me back. I called again today and Risk Managements' automatic answering machine is on again. I'm assuming they have the Friday off for the Labor Day weekend. We checked the reviews on tripadvisor and apparently burglary is a repeated offense in Excalibur. I'm seriously thinking to start a CLASS ACTION SUIT to get justice, and to save future customers form our traumatizing experience. If you have experience with your belongings getting stolen at Excalibur and if you're interesting in joining the CLASS ACTION SUIT, please send me a message.I will give Excalibur a zero star for the following reasons:1. Repeatedly burglary offense.2. No security camera on the hallways.3. No process in place for burglary events. 4. Hotel manager don't have any authority to help us.
3	I stayed here on 8/16 & 8/17 of this year. The staff was lovely and the room was clean. I do understand the reviews about the age of the hotel - but you get what you pay for - if you are wanting extravagance perhaps a medieval theme hotel is not really for you. It is an older hotel so it is expected that there would be some wear. Also the overwhelming smell of coconut to cover the years of tobacco is one of the first things I noticed on the casino floor.  I found the staff to be very responsive - and I tend to be a bit high maintenance. Our TV did not work when we arrived and we went to dinner and came back and it was fixed. We also required a few extra blankets and towels and they brought them up by the truckload - even though I called at 4am.As far as security is concerned; we had accidentally left our door open during the day and within 15 min security was at the door to check that we were ok. I did notice there was not a chain lock on the door and perhaps that would help with the reviews regarding thieves.  The pool was nice even in 107 degree weather. It was full but we were still able to find 5 loungers in the middle of the day together. And the music was nice but not too loud or distracting.I was a bit disappointed that the valet was full the whole time we were there - that is one of my favorite features in Vegas - free valet parking.  And though it was a bit unorthodox to only have a shower (no tub) but I did not miss it at all. Also it would be great to have wireless Internet - even if it is only for resort guest - the wired Internet was not helpful for our cellphones and iPads. When we went to depart the c/o was a breeze done through email and they stored our bags so we could wander through Vegas without melting our souvenirs. Overall I am pleased with my experience at Excalibur.
5	I had an issue with Orbitz and booming. I remained calm and stayed nice. In return they helped me out and both Manager and check-in clerk were very understanding and helpful. The rooms are very nice, clean, and upgrading is worth it!
1	This place is becoming a wacky place. The games are quite boring and not many selection. Above all, wired internet! REALLY? WIRED INTERNET!? Get with the program!The shows suck here and so does the variety of food. I came here last year, and the only WOW that I gave is the fact there's a YogurtLand and dedicated food court. Other than that, the rooms are ok, but no fridge! It's quite old and I think it needs a total uplift or just tear it down and build something new. It's cheap and all, but DAMN so far away from things! It's not like the walk way and tram is easy to get to either.
5	I stayed twice at the Excalibur and both times everything was perfect! Nice staff, comfortable room, great location and unbeatable price! Oh and there's Buca Di Beppo!
1	Staying at the Excalibur is like watching a pregnant woman smoke: you just feel in your bones how inherently wrong it is. I say this as someone who is normally a fan of laid back places where anything goes, smoky bars with wandering souls, and trashy themes. While the Excaliber manages to be smokey (seriously, this place reeks like you're at a landfill that's on fire) and has a nice tacky set up as fits its name, it's not actually any fun. The dealers are rude, the drinks slow to come, the carpet smelly and ugly. Everyone walking around looks like they are on an errand as opposed to vacation. People sitting at tables have that vacant 1000 yard stare of an addict for whom the joy part of the substance/activity has long worn off. All of this would be forgiven if it was the cheapest joint on the strip - I'm a fan of you get what you pay for. But it's not. While the room was relatively cheap, it is awfully sparse compared to spending a few bucks more at another hotel. And after that, the price difference disappears. The drinks are expensive and subject to changes in price - at the bar, I was charged three different amounts for the same beer, with one bartender trying to sell me a bud light for $7. So much for that food and beverage credit. Room service is as ridiculously expensive as it would be anywhere else ($13 for a pot of coffee), the table minimums start at $10 even during offpeak times, the Excaliber show is similarly priced to other Vegas extravaganzas far more worth your time (if you're an adult, see Zoomanity), and of course there is the ever present resort fee for WIRED internet which was no use to me or my girlfriend as all we had were our cell phones. The buffet was somewhat reasonable in cost but the food quality was pretty bad; it didn't make me sick exactly, but left me feeling queasy the rest of the day. I really could go on and on. I haven't even mentioned the employee who pulled us aside and started shouting in our faces about some deal or another. Being, you know, normal people on vacation we assumed that when a hotel employee stops you it's to share some sort of helpful information. The Excaliber prefers the shout in your face until you literally have to walk away. After the lady and I figured out how bad it was, we kept the room but gambled and hung out at the Tropicana and New York New York. We wound up having a great time in spite of our stay at the Excaliber, certainly not because of it. If you want to be on the strip, do yourself a favor and spend a few bucks on a more recently remodeled place. TLDR: cruddy yet still expensive. Pick somewhere else. PS: Despite the notation on Yelp that this place is good for children, it's really not. It might make for a good field trip into why you shouldn't smoke, gambling addiction and what it means to have a life full of failure, but you can just visit for that.
1	Stayed here when I came back to Vegas from Oregon and for a couple days I took pictures and then all this and security yelled at me saying I can't take anymore pictures but everyone else was able to not legit and very cheap hotel
3	While the weekday room rates are reasonable, the weekend rates are disproportionately higher and not justified for the room quality. Signage on the casino floor is obscured and the traffic pattern to traverse between entrances, registration, towers and meeting rooms is extremely cluttered. Be prepared to be constantly molested be employees trying to up sell the property as you navigate the smoke filled casino area. The food court has airport prices and is poorly laid out. The buffet is $16 - $20 and average at best. I was part of a convention taking place in one of the meeting rooms. I must say that the Marketing Department really went above and beyond to make that a phenomenal experience. Our convention is annual and we will most likely end up here again next year simply because of how well we were treated by the Marketing Department.
3	Decent rooms. Customer service was very good!
3	Not one of the better places to stay on the Strip anymore.  When I was younger, I thought it was great.  Nowadays, I'm not too crazy about it.  I have not stayed overnight here in over 12 years, but I have been back multiple times just to visit.The positive things are the following:1.  It looks like a castle (which is still cool after all these years)2.  They have the Tournament of Kings (Dinner Show)3.  The Fun Dungeon (I enjoy playing games)4.  Room rates are affordable5.  Nice locationThe negative:1.  The ventilation is awful.  2.  Casino is more smoke filled than most other places on the Strip3.  The place needs to be upgraded If I was on a very tight budget, I'd probably stay here again to see how the rooms are.  From what I hear from my friends who have stayed here recently, I won't be.  They said their rooms were old and outdated.  Okay, I've only heard it from two friends so that does not make a consensus.  I do believe them though.I'll still come to visit the Fun Dungeon especially when we have nieces and nephews with us.
3	The hotel itself is pretty cool but don't expect anything fancy. It was a little bit chaotic to go from the entrance to the registration point since you have to walk through the casino, but overall it was okay. They keep the AC crazy cold and I had to wear a jacket every time I wanted to go down for some reason. The room was pretty big and reasonable clean, but it didn't have a mini-bar or a little fridge to keep our drinks cold. They gave us $20 off coupon to use in some bars that are located in their casino which I found pretty cool. Who doesn't like free drinks, right? The barman who served our drinks was very funny and made our experience in the hotel even better.If you want to check some of the pics that I took when I was visiting the city check out this blog post :) http://feetfromshore.wordpress.com/2013/09/10/finding-some-charm-in-vegas/
2	I guess it must go with the medieval theme to NOT have coffee pots in the room! That's pretty Middle Ages! We ended up having to bring our own, and, unless you want to pay $13 a pot (plus tip) for room service, or go wandering through the smelly, smoky casino in the morning looking for a coffee shop, I would recommend you bring one too. Other than that, the rooms were fine and we got a good deal on Booking.com.
1	This hotel smells awful.  It's a mixture of cigarette smoke and coconuts.  It's overwhelming.  It gets on your clothes and on your skin.  I had a reservation for 4 nights, but I moved out after spending just 1 night.  I had to wash all my clothes.
4	clean room which I am very picky about, so I was very pleased. good price for the strip. bed was so comfy. pool was nice, with lots of lifeguards which is great if you have kids, no worries there. overall good experience. not a fancy las vegas hotel which is why its cheaper. I would definitely come back.
3	Closest place to the Monte Carlo (where I stayed) that I was able to find with $5 craps tables. This hotel also boasts a tram that connects to The Luxor and Mandalay Bay. Anytime you can forgo walking Vegas that's a good thing.Unfortunately a lot of the moving walkways weren't working when we went. I don't know if it had anything to do with the rain. I think not because all these walkways seemed covered, but I could be wrong.
1	It's all about location that's all. Worn out hotel rooms. 95 a night good deal through our event we did on sat. We had two rooms. The toilet ran the first night. The ac is either snowing on or off no temp control worked in either room, so u sweat or freeze.
1	Not. Going. To. Stay. Here.  EVER! Again.The kids enjoyed the ONE simple water slide at the hotel's pool, but other than this, I could never lodge here again ever. I don't know, call me high maintenance, but I like my hotels a little more upscale. That really just sounded totally snobby, but it no way did I mean to be, just using words to describe the hotels I would prefer to stay at. This place is ideal for those who are on a budget and not caring to stay at an older, less modern hotel with minimal amenities. If you come to Vegas to party and the hotel room is merely a place to spend a few hours in to sleep, then this place will work for you.
4	I have been staying at the Excalibur Hotel for the last 3 years. I was there this past weekend. I have never had a bad experience here. The rooms were clean and the beds comfortable. The staff is friendly. I have always paid a reasonable price for staying here.
2	The hotel room was very outdated and the location is not so central since you cannot wait to get out of your room to feel civilized. The gambling is set up very well but it is not a hotel I would recommend if you want to have any romance to your stay. This hotel is perfect for those who just want to throw their bags down and go!
1	You get what you pay for here! Got to the hotel around 1130 and was quickly put into a line to check my bag and told check in wasn't till 3pm. As I was standing in the line I looked over to the check-in desk and saw that people where checking in. Walked over and got in line. Employee came up and asked if I was checking in and I said yes. She told me that there was no rooms available but that if I pay $20 I could get a room right now. WTF!! I have arrived at other hotels around the same time and never been scammed like that before. So I decide to pay the $20 and wait. Got to the counter and my room wasn't available so they gave me a room that was supposedly the same but then figured out that it wasn't. Ended up getting a pool Cabana for Sunday. The pool area was filthy, cigarette buds all over the ground, couch pillows had stains as well as the lounge chair pillows. When the Cabanna host opened our cabana there was trash everywhere. She quickly picked up the trash and apologized. So again, u get what you pay for.
1	This hotel is horrible. We bought our room from southwest vacations which the whole package was a good price but we paise extra to upgrade our room and it was still crap. My brother in laws room was not upgraded and it was nicer with a better view. So don't upgrade. It's not worth it. The biggest thing that I HATTED was the people trying to sell you show tickets on the casino floor. I couldn't get around without being attacked by these people a minimum of 3 times. It gets very very old after a while. They are aggressive and very rude. I will never return just because of the show ticket sales people alone. Every other casino I walked through that trip I wasn't hassled like the Excalibur.
3	I am staying here for 5 nights with my family...So here's my take of this place ...check-in time was bad ... I got dropped off at the back entrance by the airport shuttle and had to lug my suitcases, 2 year old son, and other crap across the casino.When I got to the other side we had to stand in a long line. It took about 45 minutes of our time. & it sucked.Woman was letting me have it before we even checked in about picking this place to stay...However, the room was clean... And the view from our room of the Luxor was awesome.We found the food court to be useful, cheaper then the buffets, and convenient. Lots of options too.The Tournament of Kings show was awesome, and the Free monorail that rolled us over to the Shark Reef at the Mandalay Bay was also very convenient.The casino is huge, and the room service staff was excellent in cleaning the room.I would give this place 3 stars after a Rocky Start...Good location, decent price. We enjoyed our stay overall.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!! Someone broke into my room around 5am and stole a purse that was two feet from me. CREEPY!!! Woke up to someone slamming the door shut, walked to see and my door was cracked open. Scary to think someone was in my room while I was sleeping. Security came in and told me the door doesn't close unless you pull the knob up!!! Front desk never mentioned anything and there was no notice on the door! Security showed me how the door doesn't close!!!!!! If they know it is a problem, WHY NOT FIX IT!!!!! This IS NOT THE ONLY TIME either!! Scroll down to read other reviews!! I wish I would have!! I WILL NEVER RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE!!! Seriously only rated to leave this to helpfully save others the fright and frustration......
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!  DANGER!     This will ruin your Vegas experience.   The rooms smell like sewage, the towels are dingy and funky, the front desk staff is very rude, and the high pressure sales tactics for dumb show tickets are ridiculous.
1	Since the hotel looks like a castle and my boys loved that part of it and my oldest really enjoyed the Tournament of Kings show and the Fun Dungeon, I will give the hotel one star. The beds were also super comfortable!Now the reasons for the lack of stars.....After arriving in Las Vegas for our first time, the airport shuttle dropped us off at the hotel with a 9 year old, a 2 year old, and 8 bags, we walked into the hotel only to find that we were dropped off in the rear of the hotel and was very rudely informed by a security guard that there was a phone to call a bell hop. After 3 attempts to call the bell hop and being put on hold for extended periods of time, we gave up and walked to the complete opposite end of the hotel to check in. Once arriving at the opposite end of the hotel there was a line to wait in (which took an hour) to check in. We finally get to our room and request more towels and such since there are 4 of us and only 3 sets of towels. We go to eat and when we come back, the towels are on the counter in the bathroom. I lift up one of the towels to move it and there is a large clump of dark hair on the towels which I can understand being missed in the probably massive amounts of laundry that the hotel has to do it the day, but similar instances happened on 3 occassions. One time clumps of hair, second time brown stains on the mats, and the third time brown stains on a towel. All of these on 3 different days and 3 different occassions. That is not forgiveable. The first impression is everything!On day 3 of being at the hotel and out walking around for 6-7 hours we were sore and wore out when we got back to the hotel and we decided to take turns going to get massages at the spa. I went first. When I got down to the spa I wanted to add on a foot rub to my 25 minute massage but apparently it takes 2 different people to make a back massage and foot massage happen and even though it is a total of 50 minutes of massages between the 2, I was told it would take an hour and a half. So I cancel the foot massage because my boyfriend's massage we only an hour after mine. I go back to the women's locker room and the girl sitting at the desk says that I am already running on my time and I have to shower before I can get my massage. So I am thinking that she means that I am using up my 25 minutes worth of massage so I explain that my appointment isn't until 4:30 (it was currently 4:20). Her response was that my time starts 15 minutes before my appointment. I rinse off with water and proceed to wait in the sitting area for my massage. I bring it up to the girl checking people in that it should be explained to people when they set up an appointment that they need to tell people that they need to be there early. She argues back that they did. My boyfriend was literally still on the phone making the appointments when I left the room and headed to the spa. Now the hotel may be big, but it is definitely not that big. As I am struggling with the staff there are 2 other women who openly share their dissatisfaction with the spa also for different reasons. One told me that I would pay more if I went to the Luxour or the MGM but I looked up the prices for massages at them and they were very similar to the Excalibur prices. If I would have known that before my massage, I would have happily taken my business elsewhere. I was there to relax, not be rushed by someone. Some other things that were a problem are.......1. The timeshare people always bothering you.2. The amount of smoke was terrible. 3. The one time we went to the Lobby Lounge for drinks the bartender was slow and the ratio on both my drink and my boyfriends was completely off. 4. Only offered one show and that was the Tournament of Kings. (A word to the wise, you can get the souvenir cups for $8 at the 24/7 store upstairs instead of paying $14 at the show)Overall, it is waaaay better than Circus Circus to stay if you have kids but the kid amenities can be visited without being a hotel guest. We will not stay here next time.
3	Upon reading the reviews on this hotel, I was definitely expecting the worst. However, I was pleasantly surprised. It took my fiancee and I about 45 minutes to check in, which I felt was a little long. We stayed in Tower II, and our room was very nice and clean. The hotel definitely needs to upgrade the internet, bc they do not have wifi. But they did have internet connection (ethernet) in the room. The only issue inside the room that we encountered was that the breaker tripped or something, twice, shutting off the tv and internet both times. But surprisingly, both issues were fixed in less than 10 minutes.. I will not give this place 5 stars because of the CONSTANT HARASSMENT of people trying to sell you time shares. We were asked at least 30 times in a 5 day span. So irritating. But other than that, we enjoyed our stay at the Excalibur, and my first visit to vegas!
3	Somehow, I ended up staying at Excalibur during business conventions, often enough they turned out to have the best rate and convenience location on the Strip.   Although being in the south side of it, they have good access to the nearby hotels and freeway access.  They have very close by outdoor parking for both Towers hotel elevator entrance.Tower I is where all the infamous dirty rooms are at, avoid staying there if you can.  Tower II is a bit newer with cleaner rooms.  Problems can general be sorted out with a nice tips to staffs.  They usually come with a coupon book with varies deals for their restaurants.  For some reasons, I actually used my free food credits since I always end up eating at other places.  Casino ranks on the low end for the Strip area, mostly average people gamble here, and high rollers rarely seen here.  At least this hotel seems kids friendly compared to the adult theme they filled with in other hotels.Various hotel sites rated this place a three stars hotel, which is consistence with what I experienced during my stay here.
2	Some holidays stay with you for the wrong reasons. Let's see:* The horrendous smoke in the casino* The extremely rude security guards * The people banging on the doors all hours* or the loud grinding air-con. Great place to stay if you were at a conference or not wanting any sleep. The pool and spa closes at 6pm. What's with that? These are not trivial things. The fun and enjoyment of Vegas made up for the accommodation. Oh, I forgot to mention the terrible hawkers who hassle you at every entrance. How many times do you news to say 'No'. I was thinking of getting a shirt made up. We checked out of here and went to the Bellagio. Spend the extra for quality service. One positive, the room staff tried hard to make our stay pleasant. We tipped them well but everything else was a shambles. Stayed in five hotels on out trip all around this price range. This one was easily the worst. Oh, no Wifi either. WTF!
2	The room gets 1 star, but being on the strip earns it another star. I'd stay somewhere else if i could do it again.
5	Great Place for the Price. Also on the good end of the Strip! They gave us free good and drinks and free entry to the clubs. I'll stay here every time!
3	OK.I have been going to Vegas for the last 15 years on and off. I had my own business and when out there often so I have stayed almost everywhere.This is the best hotyl for kids..not adults..Let's start at the bottom floor they have a whole arcade with prizes for the kids. The prices of the food at the restaurants is very fair and the Italian restaurant for example has huge portions.I rarely eat pizza but they have the best I have tasted. There are a lot of stores nearby on the strip and they have a huge food court with everything you could want on a budget..Now..If you are talking accomidations they are dated and kinda on the generic side so it's not a fancy or glitzy hotel by any means. The hotel has similar prices to Stratosphere,Riviera and the Hilton. If you have a family it's a great place to stay and you are close enough to be bale to walk to some of the other larger casinos. Not a place to come for the young crowd I would suggest some of the more contemporary hotels with exciting new clubs.
1	I wish it was possible to give "0" stars. By far, the worst, most disgusting hotel I have ever stayed in. It would be one thing if the hotel was disgusting with a cheap price and excellent service but it was neither of the two. Stayed here for a "cheap" alternative while visiting for a bachelorette party. Did not even feel comfortable taking my shoes off in the room. The sheets had holes and stains and the furniture was older than I am. Disgusting.
1	Absolutely horrid. Save your money. Service is non existent ......never going to this place again. Escalator should be one way only and the tram station should be an evacuation portal.  No stars for you.
4	Not everyone can be a King or Queen, but at least at Excalibur guests can stay inside an enormous castle-- for cheap!At over 20 years of age (opened in June of 1990), this hotel is now one of the older ones on The Strip.  The decor and furnishings in my guest room were kind of dated, but the room was clean and comfortable enough-- and had a view of New York New York and it's rollercoaster across the street.  Check in and check out were a breeze, and a $20 credit for food and/or drinks at several hotel bars (plus a whole bunch of other coupons) was included.  The room rate for the night I was there was only about $30, but even after the $20 Las Vegas 'resort fee' was added I felt it was still a good deal.This property is IMMENSE; I found myself getting lost here repeatedly.  Of course, I'm sure that's intentional since nearly every path leads back through the casino floor or past shops and restaurants en route to another casino floor.  Once inside, it's a bit of a challenge to escape to the outside world again!I was a little disappointed to find that Excalibur's "Fun Dungeon" is NOT, in fact, an S&M-themed brothel, but rather an arcade and midway.  Oh well...
1	An old hotel that smells like car freshener. The end.
3	Dear God I have a hang over. I've been up all night playing slots and poker and I've had a blast. I hit up pizza hut & dairy queen and just about every place that sold liquor. Oh ok so ugh my huge king size bed is a plus but everything else is kind a odd everything is old looks like it needs to be remodeled. Everything smells like old molding and or musty. People who work here well u can't walk down the hall without them begging you to see a show or should u give your life away the will let u see a show for half the money. See my pictures I will add more once I wake up I'm so tired I've been up all night.
4	The key here is you get what you pay for. It isn't the nicest hotel on the strip nor is it the worst hotel on the strip. The rates are reasonable and you do get a comfy room, clean bathroom, and working HVAC, you just need to be patient with it. The checkin/checkout process was a breeze, and late checkout (extend it from 11AM to 3PM for $25 wasn't bad either). The only downside is that you do have to walk through the casino to get to the elevators and all those people who try to sell you show tickets. My advice, pretend not to speak English and keep walking past them. It worked for me. However the location wasn't bad, there was a tramway that took you to Luxor or Mandalay Bay for free, or you can take the many sky bridges to get around to other hotels. I'd stay here again if I were to return, honestly, most of the day/night you spend outside anyway so I'm not sure why some people make such a big deal about little things.
1	I would have rather stayed at the super 8 motel than this place ever again. I stayed here 3 years ago ANC the room itself was dirty and there was a unidentified red streak in the wall that looked like blood. It never rains in Vegas but the one time it did was when we were staying here and it was the most rainfall recorded in years... The room 2 doors down's ceiling collapsed and the whole floor smelled like mildew. Not one person checked up on us or anything and when we said something about the smell the didn't move us or anything. I will never stay here again and will tell everyone else not to either.
3	Came to check out the games for the kids.  So far so good!
4	I have not stayed here but if you are looking for a casino with reasonable table rates, friendly dealers/staff and an efficient bar/serving staff then you should try this casino. It's a place to have a good time without feeling like you are spending too much money. I met a nice couple from Alberta, Canada who stays at this hotel every year. They felt it was a good value and having the walkways to Luxor & Mandalay Bay are a plus.Also, they have an excellent bloody mary served right to your poker table.
4	This FIRST review will be based on my initial visit to my room. I will post a second review after my trip is over. Parking very easy! Registration was super fast! Here is my complaint. When I walked into my room I saw an open beer bottle. Keep in mind we just walked in for the first time. I walked down the hall to the housekeeper area and told them I had a beer bottle in my room. The last there said and I quote "no you don't". Serious?!? I don't even drink beer. I looked at her and said "do you wanna come to my room and look?" I was so mad at this point. Who are you to call me a liar? She said I just cleaned that room and there is no bottle. I walked her to my room and pointed at the bottle. She apologized and I told her do not call me a liar again. I called the front desk to complain. Lindsey helped me and offered two free buffet tickets. I also had the assistant housekeeper manager call me and apologize. I am hoping the rest of my trip will be better than my start. Stay tunes for my post trip review.POST TRIP EXPERIENCEAfter everything I will come back and stay at Excalibur again. I did enjoy my stay here overall. I used to stay at Excalibur all the time but then decided to switch to North Vegas. This experience might bring me back this direction. Thank you for a memorable experience!
2	There is no wireless Internet in the hotel.  My room didn't have an internet cable.  there is a $20 resort fee to pay for the Internet (pool, workout room, and other amenities).  So to get a beat up room (with a gross bathroom) for 40 bucks actually means a $60 room without wireless Internet.  Two stars instead of one because the bed was comfortable (or well broken in - I am still too tired to care).
3	Rooms are clean but a little dated.
4	This place has never disappointed us. It may b an older hotel now, but it's always quiet and clean and the staff is phenomenal. This is our go to place because rates are decent and it's easy to get in and out of here and the adult pool section is awesome. We had a bad experience at nyny and Excalibur exceeded our expectations.
3	Poor Excalibur is in need of a serious update.  Lets start with the not so good.  Excalibur is definitely one of the more dated hotels on the strip.  I stayed here while running the Vegas Half, nice and close to the start, not so close to the finish.  Excalibur's rooms are very dated, popcorn ceilings, older floors and furniture, but definitely fine for the price.  NONE of the stupid escalators things work... wish they would have considering how much I just ran. The good.. The buffett is good and a good price at Excalibur.  I had a good breakfast there.  They let me check in early, way early upon arrival, and they are friendly. Overall, for the price, it is good.  I'm hardly in my room in Vegas.  When I go back I would stay there again depending on the nature of the trip... my future wedding no... a few days in Vegas yes... Price reflects the quality.
1	From the moment we stepped out of the car we were less than impressed. We were being dropped off by friends and there was NO ONE around to help unload our luggage. When the bell hop finally did make an appearance he was extremely rude and kept telling us to move the car, did not help us with the bags and made fun of us for not knowing where registration was then walked off. We were then charged the extra $20 a day resort fee even though our reservation (from another discount site) stated all taxes and fees included. When we finally got to the room it smelled like a Dog had taken a dump in it. It had not been cleaned at all either. I called down to the desk to switch rooms. They informed me it would take 30 minutes to get us keys to a new room sent up to us so I had to go all the way back down to the front desk for them. For my Inconvenience the desk clerk (who did not apologize for the error or look me in the eye) gave me the exact drink coupon that is already provided in the welcome brochure. Thanks but free drinks are already provided when I gamble. After getting sorted in the new room we went down to the casino floor to gamble. We were in the hotel a total of three hours when we went back to the room to find out that they had reset our room keys and for my imposition I had to go back down to the front desk again to get a new key. Again no apologies!! Worst customer service ever. I knew this hotel was older but the rooms are extremely outdated and comparable to a cheap motel 6. Never going back.
1	I just checked into the Contemporary Superior Room and am definitely not impressed.  Mlife website states that the room has a spa tub in the room.  It has a large tub separate from the bathroom but no jets!  I call the front desk and they said that it was changed to only a tub.  I do not recommend this room.  Save your money and get one of the other rooms instead.**Edit 12/8/13** When I returned to my room, I found that key card was not working.  Security had to come up and let me in.  The reason why I needed security was that the front desk employee that took my credit card at check in did not swipe it into the computer system so my keys were deactivated until I paid my balance.  After a long day, I had to run back down to registration to take care of the credit card issue.  The manager on duty did refund the early check in fee ($20 to check in before 3:00 pm).
5	My friend and I stayed here for one night during a road trip around CA and Vegas. We stayed in a different hotel for some nights and decided to add a night at Excalibur which we liked during our sightseeing. Booking was easily done online, and we received a free upgrade to a more updated room! The rooms in tower 1 are the original rooms of the hotel and are more themed. The rooms in tower 2 are updated and more modern. The room was good and had everything we needed. The only thing was a weird smokey smell in the room which required us to ventilate the room. This was a non-smoking room! The bathroom was clean and so was the bedroom. The staff was friendly and helpful - from reception to housekeeping that supplied us with extra blankets quickly and happily. The valet service is efficient. The casino was fun and we really enjoyed it! The hotel is in good location - a tram away from Luxor and Mandalay Bay and a walk from all other hotels along the strip! Recommended for a fun break in Vegas!
3	Excalibur definitely has a great visual impact upon arrival...I mean, what's more awesome than staying inside a hotel that looks like a castle? But once you step inside your room, you realize that it's not as cool anymore.  The parking lot is huge, but it is spread out around the hotel rather than being condensed into a parking structure.  So, we ended up in a spot where we had to walk pretty far to get inside the hotel.  Not that I'm lazy, but we had a lot of stuff to carry! Check in was easy.  We dared my friend to try the "$20 Trick" to see if we could get a room upgrade, but it didn't work-- probably because there were too many bookings for EDC weekend.  Our room could have used a facelift.  The furnishings were all pretty ugly and must have seen better days.  I've stayed at better equipped Holiday Inns.  Not that I could complain, really, because the price for the room was pretty good! This is a practical hotel that fit our needs of 1) being on The Strip 2) storing our things 3) giving us a place to crash at night.  If you are expecting any more than that, or if you'll be spending a lot of time in the hotel, you'll be disappointed.  In that case, I  suggest you drop a bit more cash on a better hotel.  But for the frugal group who will be out most of the time, Excalibur is a good fit!
2	Stayed here a few years ago and it was horrible. Went in to play a few games and was promptly harassed by a, fat, greasy security guard who thought it would be amusing to try and walk away with my drivers license. I'm pretty sure The Excalibur is a vacuum cleaner that just sucks up all the assholes that picked on everyone in middle school and high school and gave them a job. Which is sad and ironic, because Dick's Last Resort, while having mediocre food and is one of the more entertaining eateries on the strip, is located in this shitty hotel and casino.
1	If there was a ZERO star I would use it.. The only thing that was pleasant about our recent 3 day stay in Dec 2013  was the room its self. Dealers snotty, no drinks served at the tables for over two hours even after pit boss pleaded on the phone several times. Don't bother talking to the food and beverage manager because ALL you hear is " well the servers are UNION" The only other time I had this type of service experience was at Bellagio last year where I couldn't get a drink after more than an hour and recieved the same response. Hey MGM get with the program.. I'll stay downtown where my business is appreciated.
3	Oh, Excalibur. This place, as affordable as it is, needs some revamping!The low ceilings make it difficult to breathe as the smoker kind of lingers.-Other than that, customer service is good for the most part.-The rooms are clean-ish-The fun dungeon (arcade and kids area) could use some newer games
4	Great time!  Check in was super easy, fast and Jimmy was friendly as could be! Belhop was nice and helpful and when we had an issue in the room with the shower door, service man was at the room and had it fixed within 5 mins.  I WON on the penny slots, the room was clean and I would def stay there again!
2	Eh. For someone who was on their first visit to Vegas, I sure wasn't impressed.  The outside and inside are completely tacky.I only stayed for 3 days and only played 1 round of roulette (the dealer was very nice when I realized at the last second I made the wrong bet and she let me change it) My group mainly stuck to ourselves playing slots into the wee hours.The room itself was decent,  nothing special. We paid next to nothing to stay here, which is pretty much what its worth. If I ever go to Vegas again, I'll be staying somewhere elseP.S. Fireball is the best slot game ever
3	I go to Vegas a couple times a year  and I stay at different casinos .  This last time in September I stayed at the Excalibur.  We have stayed here before.  We always enjoy this casino, the rooms are clean and comfortable and the price is reasonable.  This last time we left a tip for the maid who was cleaning our room. She left us a thank you note, which I thought was very thoughtful of her.  It is the first time anyone has written us a thank you note for a tip. Her name was Clementine and she did a wonderful job.
4	Stayed here on November 2013, I had a good stay. I had never been to Las Vegas and I was there with a friend. Our flight was delayed due to the heavy rain Las Vegas was experiencing at the time and international flights were getting priority. We called ahead and they held our room for us. Once we got there, check in was pretty easy. They gave us a coupon book which had all kinds of deals. Our room was nice and clean (I was expecting something horrible because of all the reviews I read here). I was scared because of all the reviews I read that said that people can easily get into the room. Nothing like that happened. The door had instructions on how to properly close the door. The next day we bought tickets at the box office. They had a deal where you can see three attractions for $56. One of the attractions we picked was closed due to the rain (which lasted all weekend) and the box office staff let us exchange that attraction for something else. After seeing the rest of the strip, I can see that this hotel is outdated but its still decent. I would stay here again. Don't be influenced too much by all the negative reviews.
1	In the day time, it looks like a tacky hotel casino with the Disney like theme.  Night time, it looks better, but then everything looks better at night.  The casino is big, but is dated.  And that is true for the rooms as well.  You can get a good rate here mostly because no one wants to stay.  The location is not bad.  At the street corner where it is located is NY NY, MGM and the Tropicana.  The tram connects it to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay.  And there in lies the problem; it seems that there are more exciting places with better casinos to go to, because they are.  If you want a cheap place to stay and walk to the other places, I guess this is ok.  However, as a veteran to Vegas, you really just want to jump on the elevator when it's time to hit the sack, not walk a million miles.
1	The Good: It's on the Las Vegas Strip and if you want to explore the strip you are right there. If you have a family then this is the place for you as its cheap compared to other hotels on the strip. Check in was easy and plenty of parking. The Bad: This is not a hotel for couples. There were  too many kids for me and getting in my way when walking around the casino or hotel.  My room was the standard king size room and was an okay room. The mattress was worn out and needed to be replaced ASAP. The Ugly: The hotel is dated and needs a major facelift. I hated paying the daily $18 resort fee plus tax. There is No Wifi in the rooms and they only have wired Internet.  The Internet cable was tangled but working.  Then you have the pesky timeshare people that profile every hotel guest luring you to their desk for discounted Las Vegas show tickets but you will have to attend their timeshare crap. I cut them off and told them I was not interested in that garbage.   My opinion is that timeshares are usually ripoffs and if you really want a timeshare you can buy one usually from a bank for 50-90% off selling price. There is huge profit in the timeshare industry so buyer beware. The $20 food and beverage credit is a joke and only one credit during my three day stay.  They will send you to an expensive restaurant or other establishments that will cost you more than $20 in food or beverage. This is a marketing scam so call the hotel and confirm what I am saying before you make a reservation.I would not recommend this hotel for couples and spend the extra $20 bucks a night for a better hotel on the strip if you want to be on the strip.  I will NOT be staying at this hotel ever again so bye bye Excalibur.
3	I have stayed here three times due to the fact the with my M Life card I get really great prices, for two nights I paid around 120 with resort fees as well as taxes. A lot of people complain about the resort fee but to my knowledge pretty much every hotel charges that sort of fee. First time I stayed here was in the week so the prices were much cheaper and we got an upgraded room on the remodeled tower, I think if your one of those persons who wants something more luxurious this may night be the hotel for you. That doesn't mean its a ugly hotel its average. Anyways the pool is Great!! really big and so much fun, love the dj and how he pumps things up.  Just remember your going to Vegas to enjoy the gambling and outside your only going to be in your room to sleep and get ready :) don't be so anal...
3	We stayed here from the 26-29th and just got home today. I will tell you the good the bad and the ugly of this hotel. THE GOOD is how wonderful the staff were. They were very helpful from the receptionists to the housekeepers. Our room was a contemporary room and so we had no issues with anything in our room. We actually enjoyed it as we were traveling as a family with two boys. They liked the hotel room more than anything, they especially liked the view they had of the pool. THE BAD is how much my sons eyes were red and blood shot everytime we had to walk through the casino. Being a smoker really wouldn't bother you but for a child it bothered him a great deal and my other son started a cough that lasted until after we left. When my husband or I were in the Casino we had to worry about the network going down and the slots not providing us with the pay out we were entitled to. So we wasted countless hours waiting around for someone to come to our machine to help even thought the machine indicated it was in need of some assistance with the light blinking at the top. Half the time more lights were blinking than not blinking. THE UGLY was the same as the other reviews....The timeshare people. They are relentless and if it wasn't for my husband I would have gotten into something that I didn't want any part of. They immediately come off as if they are people trying to offer you a good deal on shows and draw you in but then they let you know that you will need to go see or do something for them that will only take 2 hours. WRONG it will take ALL day and if you only have 3 days in Vegas you now will only have 2. Good Luck!!!My family and I will look into staying at NYNY, Mandalay Bay, Luxor, or even MGM next time as there were much better Casino's and shops within these hotels. ***The TOURNAMENT OF KINGS was great but you don't have to be staying at the hotel to go see it. I would just catch the show but stay somewhere else if you are looking for the VEGAS experience.
4	Stayed at the Excalibur Hotel for a Fleetwood Mac concert recently. We booked far enough in advance to get a good rate ($60 + $20 room fee) so it was reasonable. Room was plenty big for two of us with a king bed, table and two chairs, shower and vanity. It had a wall safe, 40" TV and no fridge (the place for the fridge was empty.) TV was fair to bad with mostly bad reception. Express checkout was easy and quick. Will return.
2	I stayed here for two nights this past New Year's Eve. I wasn't expecting much but was glad to find a place on the strip that wasn't $400 a night. I think this hotel is geared more for families with the fun dungeon and tournament of kings, not to mention the exterior being a castle. The interior is very dated with old carpet and a lingering smell of cigarettes. The parking is pretty limited and the garage is kind of far from the actual hotel rooms. We got a room in Tower 2, facing the Luxor. Due to the Las Vegas heat and the direction of our window, our room feel like an oven but the air conditioning helped (although it was quite loud). The room was pretty dusty and the bathroom average, but the linens were clean and the TV had more channels than when I stayed at the Planet Hollywood. Excalibur charges a resort fee per day that includes wired internet and local/domestic calls. I don't think that I would personally stay here again, but it's a cheap hotel and you really get what you pay for.
2	I agreed to come with my friends to Vegas for NYE celebrations. I did not choose the hotel and was highly amused by the Yelp reviews. We stayed for 3 days. Our room was a decent size and fairly clean. The decor is rather old and boring, but its Excalibur so I wasn't expecting anything mind blowing. We stayed on a smoking floor because my friends smoke, but wow, the whole floor smelled like weed. As soon as the elevators opened, the smell was overwhelming. I opened our window in our room but the window only opened so far, which was disappointing as I would have liked the smoky scent to get out of the room. Excalibur itself was a blur of lights, slot machines, smoky air and a large amount of people gambling, drinking and walking to and fro. The interior and exterior are both old and tackily decorated, but it's a theme hotel.. *shrug* I didn't mind the hotel but personally, I prefer very nice things.. so I'd probably not come back.
3	While this hotel's inside and outside decorations are more on the tacky side, it's a decent place to stay in Vegas. Yes, the hotel is a little out of date and yes, their casino reeks of smoke, but if you're not going to really spend a lot of time in your room then who really cares? Although old, the rooms are still clean and the staff are all very friendly and helpful. Their food court isn't bad either if you're looking for something quick and they have a tram that takes you to Mandalay Bay.
3	Favorite spot was the pool. Okay casino.
4	I give it a 4 not because for the price it's a good hotel. Although the hotel is a little older by vegas standards the prices are comparable to what you should get at this price, so there are no complaints. I often also get comps here since I like to gamble at the MGM brands with my players card. I also really like the roulette tables here because usually minimum bet is $5 and they have many tables close to each other so you can change tables when you feel unlucky on one.
5	My husband & I loved the hotel! Very clean & staff is very friendly! Definitely coming back to this hotel. We also paid under $150 so it was very much worth it! :)
4	I had a very good experience at Excalibur.  Clean room, reasonable room service.   The casino was also well kept and most staff were friendly.  I appreciated the easy access to traveling between the Luxor, and Mandalay Bay!
3	Came to vegas for a short last min trip... Found out we had free comped rooms at Excalibur because for whatever reason it has always been our favorite place to gamble. So we check in early and there's a $20 fee... So okay. We go to our room and and I guess it's just the "standard" room. The room reminded me more of some motels I've seen and we were not impressed. Through the night we realized that the room has very thin walls and we can hear and were even waken up by people just walking through the hallway. The bed felt old and in desperate need of being replaced, not comfortable at all. And it may be a small detail but the bathroom towels were tiny! I'm 5-06 150 pounds and they were to small for me so I can only imagine how they would fit on someone a little larger? The staff was very friendly and helpful when needed. We also ended up with enough comp points to basically cover a dinner at the buffet (we were tired and didn't want to go anywhere) it was reasonably priced and was actually very good and a place I would recommend. Like I said before this has always been our favorite place to gamble, we just have fun in the casino doing our little $5 bets on roulette or blackjack and can sit in there for the entire day if we wanted.Overall I wouldn't recommend staying in the hotel, at least not the "standard" room (I think they are in the process of renovations maybe the newer rooms are better) but I do recommend coming here to gamble or eat if your staying near by.
2	You get what you pay for! I'm gonna try to not be completely negative about this place, but I seriously don't recommend anyone to stay here. It has gross, sticky, smelly old carpet in the hotel rooms, two tiny towels, no conditioner, no mini fridge, no nothing. It flat out sucks here. Casino is ok, everything is just out dated. BUT! If you're looking for a cheap crappy place to just rest your head after a long night on the strip, this will do-- just don't expect much, or anything from this place. The good news is, Bucca Di Beppo is located in this hotel, which is delicious.
3	I walked out and was awed. We're going to be staying at a castle?! Now I get to be the princess I always knew I was... and on my birthday!I would have given them another star, but I think the person who cleaned our room threw away my Starbucks cup. It was the hard plastic kind that was insulated and not just some regular cup. What am I going to bring onto the strip now?!We went the first weekend of January and the prices were outrageously...CHEAP! $70 for a whole weekend with 2 queen size beds?? How can you complain about that?! Overall the room was decent considering we just slept in it for the most part. My only complaint was that the air conditioner was super loud (for the day) and the blanket was too thin (for the night). Otherwise, this hotel is a little older than most and not the greatest ambiance wise, but if you were just going to sleep in it, it's very doable. It's at the end of the strip but most places are very walkable!
3	It was my buddy's birthday and he organized a trip to Vegas for six of us. He is the guy that LOVES dive bars, so guess where he wanted to stay? Basically a strip hotel with the lowest advertised rates = Excalibur! (MGM Property). For his package, they had a $21 per night rate. I have to admit that it was much better than I expected.Our cab driver probably put it best when we jokingly asked him on our way, if Excalibur was the best hotel in Vegas. His answer "Yes! 20 years ago" was probably accurate.Check in went pretty fast, there are some hidden fees, not familiar to me. $20 early check-in fee (before 3pm), $18 per day resort fee (oh, didn't you read the small print?).Rooms are dated but have nice flat screen TVs, nothing too exciting.The bars and restaurants on-site are decent, we spent some time at Dicks Restaurant, where they specialize in rudeness as a gimmick, but wasn't that rude. The bars with video poker were good and the staff was friendly and attentive.
2	Went here for one night with two families on 1/16.  We were looking for a cheap, family friendly place to crash on a Thursday night.  This definitely fit the bill.  The rate was by far the cheapest and there was a reason why.  This review will not be comparing this resort to the other luxurious high-end resorts (Palazzo, Cosmo, Wynn, etc.) but will be merely describing our stay.  Hotel/Checkin:  Iconic castle hotel really got our kids attention.  Great location next to MGM, NYNY, and Luxor.  Unfortunately, only one of the trams was working.  Valet wasn't the greatest.  They only had a few guys working so it took some time.  The first thing I noticed about the hotel was that there were tons of people pushing show tickets.  I never stopped to find out what the catch was...but there had to be one.  The line for check in was pretty long (at 3pm) so I decided to try the VIP checkin.  I was a M life member but with no status...however, the guy checked me in right away.  The hotel inside looks tattered and out dated.  The smell of smoke was everywhere.  The bellman took quite a while to bring up our bags.Room:  One big plus was that they offered connecting rooms each with 2 beds.  YOu don't see that very often.  The rooms were in the old tower (I) but was located on the 3rd floor (very short ride to lobby).  There was no central AC.  No bath tub just shower.  Beds were decent.  But like the previous posts mentioned, felt like a motel 6 set up. No wifi in the room.  Service:  Was decent.  I called to request the connecting rooms and they were confirmed without a problem.  Checkin at VIP area was nice.  Some negatives...You can call ahead to request your car from valet.  Fee for crib and rollaway.  Amenities:  Nice arcade and game area for the kids.  Prices were fair (most games $0.50).  Buffet was pretty bad...see my review for it.  Did not utilize fitness or spa.Value:  You definitely get what you pay for.  Pluses...cheap prices on rooms.  They have a big coupon book they give you on checkin.  Big thing was $20 credit for food/drinks at the lobby bar (they give you 2 drinks of your choice).  Resort fee is ridiculous ($18), you get nothing for it.  NO wifi.  Just wired internet. we knew what we were getting when we booked here.  So I can't really complain.  Probably would not return.
3	ARRIVAL  the bus bumps you of at the back entrance of the hotel where you walk  endless streets and round many corners passing  rows of shops to get to the  check in desk  on the way  you are confronted almost every step by a team of hustlers trying to get you to sign up for their  (no obligation) time share presentation for which you will receive tickets to one of las vegas.s many shows .getting to the line is no more uneventful  as they inform you check in is at 3 pm  ..its now 10 am but for a payment only  $20 you can  precheck in  and  if you dont want that  there is another army of coons willing to take care of your bags until such time as you can occupy a room and then deliver the bags to you. just a few  clever ways to  more money from  your pocket while avoiding these   offers you are still at the mercy of the * time share pushers *  who never seem to   know  when  a no means   no and continue to hassle   you  we  turned down all offers and waited out our time to check in by sitting  in a nearby bar.THE ROOM  it was about average size  strange thou it didnt have  any of the mandatory  pictures attached to the walls. no safe or bar but it did have   a coffee maker in the bathroom .it was old and needed updating the beds* two king size*  were   clean with plenty of pillows,  the shower screen was loosely  attached to the wall and the taps on the sink needed tightening  down  we found the air conditioner was noisy with no way to adjust it . FOOD   this was the good part the resturant  sells a DAY ticket for $36 PER ADULT VIP STATUS   you can eat ANY  time as  MANY  times as you like  for this price. a good deal in vegas as most eateries in hotels  for even a light meal starts at around $15.the food was good   the service was excellant and as VIP we got to go right in and not join the end of the  line   this privilege   was one of the reasons it was  worth the day ticket alone   so much time is wasted in las vegas   waiting in line to eat ,see a show or enter one of the many nite clubs .For the price we paid it was nt a bad deal you only get what  you pay for  just wish the hotel management would take action to stop these   little asian  guys harrassing  every new quest as soon as they walk thou the door .   your tired after a long and stressfull flight your first thought is to get to a room, shower change clothing and hit  the strip    this continued hustling is annoying . one little ass jumped right   in front of me as  i  was turning   a bend in the corridor trying to manoeure  a suitcase between  a thong of people    he at lest was one who  got the message loud  and clear  with a few nasty  names  shouted loudly in his ear
4	Let me say I been to vegas many time and stayed all over the strip. I booked the hotel through a getaway package with jetblue. The price and the review made me a little worried so I booked the contemporary room.My plane arrived at 2 and we got to the hotel at 2:30. I got in line for check in and it was long. I swear this line was crazy. Maybe bc of the time and it was at check in time but was it long. I got to the front and ask if I can check in a little before 3 she said yes and she was very nice. Then we decided to upgrade with a view of the strip. When we got into our room. It was very nice and clean and a perfect view of the strip on the 27th floor. I was very pleased. It came to be like 70 dollar a night with the resort fee and all the upgrade. Please see pic below. Everyone on the floor was supper nice. The cleaning lady and staff was on point. The only draw back for the room is the noise from the street. Even on the 27th floor out of 28 you can still hear it. So consider getting a view of the pool for noise purposes. We stayed an extra night due to flight cancellations and they accommodate it. We got the 20 bucks early book and we used it for 2-3 drinks at the bar and got some coconut water. And just tipped like 8 bucks The spa was amazing. For an extra 10 bucks I used the sauna and steam room and my skin felt brand newI hate the timeshare people. Get a hint when I make no eye contact. Overall, I would stay here again in the contemporary rooms. It was a good time and it exceed my expectations. The spa would bring me back bc it was nice and quiet and I was alone.
1	I gave it one star because I could not give it a zero. My Wife and kids stayed their alone and they were robed in there room while they were sleeping. All of their cash was stolen. We need to get a class action against this Casino. The security only does an internal investigation? they don't call the Las Vegas PD however my wife did. You can you tube Hotel Doors and see how easy you can be violated at the hotel however the security is the worst I have ever dealt with, Disney has 1000 times better security. I am going to go after the door lock manufacturer and Excalibur. If my family woulD have been awake the situation could have been worse. DO NOT STAY AT HERE. Security does not monitor the floors and random people are placing delivery service (might be a scam) and other propaganda on room doors. When we reported the robbery the casino went into liability mode not customer service mode. If you value your life do not stay here! Please yelp me if you have a class action going on.
3	How many people get to stay that they've stayed in a castle? hahahhaIt was right after NYE (but just in time for my bday) and at $70 for the whole weekend - it's hard to complain!It's at the very end of the strip so unless you're trip consists of whatever is in this building and New York New York, you're going to have to do a little bit of walking (which luckily our group didn't mind).Not the prettiest and definitely not the fanciest of room, but it did it's job of providing us a place to get ready and sleep (who stays in their hotel when there in Vegas anyways?)The sheets were a bit thin and cheap, but it did its job. There was a heater/AC for the cold winter night anyways so we were fine. Blowdryer was broken though :/Overall, for the price - it's a super good deal! And it provided us all the ameneties we needed for the weekend.
1	So we stayed here for cheer competition and my fiances first time in vegas. I was a little bummed at the service we recieved his first time in Vegas. First of all when we checked in I asked for a higher floor so he could see more of the strip but we ended up getting the 6th floor....ok whatever. Then we get in the room and I see a hole on the wall by the window...ok fine its not the best of hotels...well my last straw was the yellow stains on the bathroom carpet!!!! like really you couldnt bleach that or throw it away!!! The casino service wasnt any better either. We sat down to gamble and it took the cocktail waitress 20 min to get to us and we waited another 15 min and never got our drink...Over all not happy with this hotel.
3	Excalibur is one of the best values on the strip.  It's not the most beautiful or modern hotel/casino, but for the money, you just can't beat it. It's as close the the central part of the strip as you can expect for what you're paying. The rooms are just ok, and they're pretty dated so if you're looking for something high end, look elsewhere.   I haven't eaten here, but for a place to lay your head at night I highly recommend it.   Plus, how many of us enjoyed the stories of Camelot and King Arthur as kids? It's kind of like being a kid again, just for a moment.
1	My husband and I were in Vegas in 2013 for a Helicopter convention (he's a heli pilot). We had an amazing experience at the Flamingo and they were my 500th review. I had hoped review #1,000 would be for our most recent stay at the Excalibur in Jan 2014. Bleh! What a nightmare. I have a pretty awesome memory, and there were so many horrible things about this experience that I actually had to start writing them down so that I wouldn't forget!We booked this trip just for fun and because Southwest Airlines had a good deal. It was less than $200 each for four days, our flights, and a rental car, plus $20 hotel food/drink credit. Which honestly is about what you can find anytime for mid-week, off-season in Vegas. The trip was supposed to include all taxes/fees but a mandatory resort fee for use of the fitness center and such was imposed upon arrival. Whatever, it was only $50 more.The robot of a woman who checked us in told us there was wifi in the rooms. I asked if it was free wifi and she said yes. While the casino floor has wifi, there is none in the rooms. So her misinformation was a little annoying. But worse than that was that around every corner of the hotel, someone is waiting to ask if you want free show tickets, free dinner, free this, free that. All you have to do is listen to them offer you a deal where you pay up front to come back to Vegas in the next year... blah blah scam.  We also had papers shoved under the door in our room with the same "please come hear our non-time-share presentation" bull sh*t written all over them. (As well as different pizza delivery places shoving their ads under our room door.) So much for respecting our vacation privacy. The last thing you want to hear while you're getting it on in your Vegas hotel room is some stranger at your door giving you unwanted advertisements. F*ck you, Excalibur.The $20 food/drink credit isn't valid at the Hotel Buffet which makes absolutely no sense, so we used it at the Steakhouse which was a joke as well. Gross service; average food. Everything about this hotel is below what anyone would consider an acceptable standard. I imagine they once had their glory days... but even the carpet in Tower 2's elevators (EVERY elevator) was worn down with holes, exposing the glue. Which was sort of funny since a flooring convention was taking place while we were there. The five minutes of work it would take to lay new carpet is probably something they could've secured a good deal on last week.We enjoyed the pool, but the fitness center that our resort fees were paying for was rather small. I still enjoyed it every morning. The adjacent locker rooms are an additional fee with locker rental for $25! Other spa prices were absurd as well. Every morning around 7:30 a.m. we received a new phone message telling us to check out their spa services. Every morning! An overpriced massage from this hotel? No thanks!Of all the hotels we gambled at (at least 10 or more), Excalibur had the worst drink service. It was non-existent. You'd think you'd get a drink if you sit at a machine long enough? Yes, we did. We got one drink the first night we were there. (It happened to be the best hot chocolate we'd ever tasted in our lives) but in the days that followed we never had the opportunity to get another drink. Walk over to Luxor and gamble there, or head elsewhere on the strip. This place sucks.The queen beds in our room on the 20th floor were horrible (room 20228). We slept in one the first night, (or rather, barely slept), and went to switch to the other the second night, in hopes it was better, but there were old blood stains on the sheets so we went back to the first bed. We switched to a king room on the 23rd floor (room 23269) the last night ($5 fee but they waived it for us). The bed was a lot better. Not like a Marriott mattress, but we finally got some good rest. Or perhaps we were just exhausted by then. The pillows were the best thing about the rooms. Soft, plush, large and wonderful. The "contemporary" rooms had bathrooms from the 80s with little showers spraying water with poor pressure. No bath tubs. At least they appeared clean and the towels were soft. Aside from check-in, the staff we interacted with were nice. Room service people we said hi to in the hallways were friendly and smiling. An awesome bartender brightened up one of our miserable days here as well.My husband and I had an awesome trip. We had so much fun - outside of the Excalibur at other hotels. We would never stay here again though, no matter what sort of outrageous deal we were offered.
3	Great value overall for a weeks stay! The hotel itself there was no problems with, a little old and worn but you could tell that it had recently been renovated or something. Room had everything that was needed (almost), big tv, comfy bed, safe, plenty of closet space, ironing board and a decent size bathroom. The room itself, huge in size also, I mean it was bigger than the room in my house back home. Seems like hotels in the US have an overall higher standard than what you get in Europe.I asked for a room on one of the higher floors and there was absolutely no issue switching me. The view I have to admit was pretty breathtaking, sun creeping in every morning, on the right was the busy  McCarran Airport and to the left was the strip. Room was secure enough too I have to say.The hotel had a decent sized food court upstairs, along with a couple of shops and a full buffet and restaurants. As for entertainment you've got your shows that are constantly on, access to the pool, and arcade downstairs accompanied of course by the main casino. Prices for things inside the hotel are expensive enough, souvenirs and the restaurants that is. The little corner store inside will set you back $4 for a bottle of water.The reason for only three stars is the downstairs lobby, casino, entrance and food court area is absolutely filled with people who are all trying to sell you time shares and each time you walk by, they stop to ask if you'll be back to Vegas next year. First day or two okay I can understand but having them approach you every day, two or more times is frustrating, they don't leave you alone. Another thing was the buffet, the breakfast was advertised both in the room and outside all around the casino at one price and we were charged a completely different price when at the till, the only explanation that the advertised prices are old. The main downside to everything was the lack of wifi in the rooms, okay it was free in the lobby, fine. But at this day and age, for a hotel that's on possibly one of the most popular streets in the world, for them to not have wifi in your room is ridiculous. They did provide wired internet (paid for of course, even if not used, part of a hotel fee) but in a tablet and smartphone age, it's about as useful as an ashtray on a motorbike.Location wise, can't really complain. If it's your first time to Vegas, stay here, you'll get a proper walk up and down the strip back to the hotel and see the entire strip in one go, if you've been before, probably go a little more central. Overall a decent stay for the money, and there is a $8 bus that brings you up and down the strip all day long.
1	The slots aren't worth playing and not just because ppl don't win at them that's all slots but in the 3 hours my friend and I played we weren't asked once by the cocktail waitress if we wanted a drink so after spending 400.00 and even more sober than we were than first started we were a little peeved. Planet Hollywoods slots not only pay out better but their waitress' come up to us before we've played out first penny
1	I will never stay here again 3 main reasons. 1. Hidden resort fee of 18 bucks a day no biggie but then they charge u for things like using the pool fitness center prepare to get nickel and dimed 2. Every were I turned some person was in my face trying to sell me a time share FYI if some person offers u a free show or a welcome package it's a ploy to get u to a time share sales pitch3. Poor poor service and restaurants and very pricey not a fun place In short I go to Vegas to gamble drink and see a show I don't care what my room looks like but what I will not tolerate is being treated like a pice of meat or interrupted from gambling by some low life selling time shares. Do not stay here pay more for a more central strip location
3	Waiting for shuttle !!! Head to airport soon..was a good stay at this hotel ..cuz we got a cheap package with air n hotel $130 for 4 days..the room was in the tower 1..was old nut clean..very big compared to the newer rooms..
3	My second time in Vegas; first time on the strip. Decided to stay here because we got a pretty good deal.Positives:-$20 food & beverage credit.-Express monorail that ran between Excaliber, Mandalay Bay and the Luxor.-Room was clean; Bed was comfortable.-Staff was friendly and accommodating.-Got free room upgrade.-Food court and buffet available.-Walkway to the Luxor.-Safe in room.Negatives:-Casino and walk ways felt crowded at times.-Hotel lobby and casino looks worn.-Stayed on smoking floor. Smelled like weed quite a bit.-Far end of strip. Have to walk or take taxi to other casinos.-Food prices high.-Absolutely no water pressure in shower.-Time share people are highly annoying.If you're wanting to stay on the strip but still stay within a budget, this may be the way to go. I would stay here again if the price is right. This isn't one of the high end hotels on the strip, but it's got all the essentials and will put you close to everything.
3	Excalibur is a hotel that is decent for what you pay for. It's not cheap or expensive either. Just right for the buck.Dated, yes very much so, but they provide a theme here like no other hotel on the strip.I wish they would stop with their promotional stuff, stayed here Thursday to Sunday and by Friday I had to be rude on their approach.Trust me, it gets on people's nerves because it seems like a 3D stuff it in your face commercial.Anyhow, it's been over 20 years since I last stood here and it seems nothing has really changed but the food options.Other then that it's just the same old castle.
4	we (3 Aduld) stay there for 1 week. It was great. A little bit expensive :(but thats Vegas! Enjoy!
4	With the boyfriend in Vegas for 3 weeks for work, what could be a better excuse for a little getaway? NOTHING.Because he's rooming with another guy from his unit, we figured it would be better for us to get a little alone time and booked a hotel room at Excalibur and was pleasantly surprised. Having previously stayed there with my parents as a kid passing through vegas, a lot about this hotel has changed...and for the better, i think. Here's the breakdown:1. Located on the South side of the strip, it's slightly far from the center, but close enough to feel part of everything :)2.  Rooms are decent sized, have a huge bathroom and offer the usual hotel amenities. I did notice there was no mini fridge, which i thought was a bit odd, but who wants to save food in their room when you have the whole strip to walk?3. The atmosphere here is typical vegas [loud, fun, full of music, booze and  fun!] but I was consistently annoyed by the sales people attempting to lure you into a conversation about "free tickets" when in reality nothing is free...unless you "sit in a short presentation about one of our condos" which we kindly replied with "NO!" and learned to not engage upon approach.4. This hotel has expanded quite a lot since i've last been here. The second floor is now a food court/mall combo full of just about everything you could want, including booze.5. Because this isn't the nicest hotel on the strip and closer to the south, we found the prices to be relatively less expensive than the rest of them!Because i didn't spend much time in the hotel [except to change or eat dinner once] i wouldn't mind staying here again.
3	Great average place to hang in Vegas. Not too pricey but not "cheap" either. Give it a shot!
3	Look, we'd stay here again because it's in a handy location and is one of the cheapest if not the cheapest on the strip. It's clean and actually a nice room. I'd really give it 2.5 stars.However, it's pretty annoying to be accosted everywhere you go by people trying to sell you something; show tickets, free stays in the hotel on your next visit.Upon our arrival we had not even checked in and we were nabbed by someone offering us 95% off tickets. Unfortunately the shows on offer were not the shows we wanted to see (although I'm sure there was nothing wrong with them). Working in entertainment ourselves we know it's sometimes hard to fill a room, especially off-season but don't try and make it out to be something it isn't ie. 'Oh, you're so nice and because you're a couple I want to give you a present.' No you don't! Start talking and they'll keep you there forever - but you're in Vegas baby and you want to get out! Once you tell them you're not a US resident they quickly change their tune.Everyone is trying to earn a buck, I get it, but it's full on.The casino was a bit quiet but it was January so all of Vegas was quiet. The restaurants were ok, our McDonalds in the wee hours of the morn had a guy working there who was a little crazy but I'd go crazy too if I were doing that shift.
2	Cheap, old, dirty. The only reason I am giving it two stars is because of the location. But you get what you pay for. The pool was nice and I recommend renting a cabana for the day. The beds were hard and uncomfortable but tower II is probably the easiest as far as in and out goes.
2	You get what you pay for. Cheap rates, but the service and maintenance of the hotel isn't that great. The walls in Tower I are pretty thin as well. Not sure how Tower II is. Probably not staying here again in the future.
4	I just recently stayed hear for 2days/3 nights and I must be honest I really didn't want to stay hear because of last time I was here. The rooms were humid,stinky,dirty it just wasn't good. But man oh man was I in shock when we checked in to our room in tower 2. The beds were nice and clean the bathrooms were nicely stocked the carpet was clean. There was no bed bugs or anything that crawls in the night. They apparently clean there carpets outside everyday at around 10:30am. On top of this we ended up going to dicks last resorts which is a bar to those of you that don't know. Just as an FYI if your going to vegas on a budget like I was, make this one of your stops good food, and great priced drinks. Now enough about the positive of this hotel lets talk about the negatives. 1. There was no fridge not a big deal but would of come in handy since we had drink. 2. It is pretty freaking far from the strip and if you are going to go out drinking and none of you want to be DD  a taxi will run you from $4.00 - $16.00 3. You are near the airport and from what I heard if your in tower 1 you hear a lot of noise. I didn't have this problem since I was staying in tower 2. All in all this hotel is defiantly on my list again I would defiantly recommend it to people especially if you have kids pretty good fun dungeon. If you don't have kids and are on tight budget this is still a nice place to stay.
2	Horrible. Staying here because my friends are...no! Don't do it. I'm in Tower 2 which is suppose to be the better tower. No! Dirty. Stains. Scratched up furniture. Scuffed up walls.  I could've paid a little more and stayed at a nicer place. Never again.The only positive was that the staff I met was very nice. ***Update: I spoke to the Manager (Kendall) about the situation and he quickly offered different options to accommodate my situation. That effort was appreciated.***Would I?!  After speaking with the Manager-Maybe. Mainly because I appreciate the Managers efforts and I don't like to stay at the large casinos/hotels because it takes so long to get out of them.
5	This hotel does the job when you are on a budget and need a bed to crash in. That's it! There is no bells and whistles to this place. You get a bed, drawer, seat, table, bathroom, iron and a ironing board. The rooms are decent and you get what you pay for but can you really complain for a cheap room on the strip. Besides, who the hell spends their day inside of a hotel room. It's freaking Vegas baby!Highly recommend for last minute shotgun trips.The last time I got a room here for the night, it ran me less than $150 and I check in at 4am! Ass clapping and bottle popping all night!
2	I've stayed at Excalibur quite a few times. If you are going to pay extra to upgrade your room to a contemporary it's great. However, if you are just looking for a basic room (because after all you are just sleeping and showering in it) below basic is what you will get. My bed skirt had  a HUGE stain on it. My mom pointed it out. We even laughed about what kind of activity could possibly cause a stain that huge. And my comforter had a cigarette burn on it. Well not a comforter, but a blanket that would be suited for an animal shelter. Check in is slow, long lines. Rude bell hop that had a major attitude and was short with us. Then he stared at us and wondered why he didn't get a tip. The coupon book is nice, but they have to find a way to get you to patronize their hotel/casino because you won't do it for the rooms. We love the location, the variety of food, the staff. Just beware that if you are looking for bottom of the barrel that is what you will get!!!
3	"At least it's cheap!" was my tip.It's incredibly well priced, so for that, I give it 3 stars.  I didn't stay here, my friend did, and I spent some time at her room.  Seems quiet enough, clean enough, although the decor was very dated and the hotel itself was quite smokey.  If you need something quick and cheap, you might want to consider this.If not, go to a nicer hotel!  What are you, crazy?
1	This place was the coolest thing ever when I was little. The pool with the slides the arcade with all those toys to win! but what happened? This place definitely does the trick when you're on a budget. I went with a couple of friends and we stayed here because it was the cheapest. We figured what are we going to do...just sleep right? no point of going to the better/newer hotels. Although that was our downfall, at least clean up the place. Yes, the beds were made but there were stains on the carpet and there was McDonald's trash in the dresser, the beds were hard. They really need to give this hotel a makeover.
1	The only reason I am not annoyed at the inability to give ZERO stars is because we did enjoy the soaking tub and the Fun Dungeon. Also we saw a show at NYNY and went over there for shopping and the roller coaster which was convenient.First of all the time share people are unacceptably aggravating! Accosting you at every turn.I normally stay elsewhere. Its difficult to find rooms with soaking tubs just by going to websites, you have to call from one place to another to find them half the time and even then they are not plentiful (or the rooms are well over a grand for 3 nights). The hotel we normally stay at DOES have them but they were sold out for the weekend (I did book 5 weeks in advance) of that type of room and we wanted that treat, otherwise we probably would have stuck with what we knew.We've gone to the Excalibur before on multiple occasions because we like Dick's Last Resort and we've also gone to the Tournament of Kings. So for about 600 dollars we spent 3 nights Thankfully we didn't spend a whole heck of a lot of time in our room.Only one of my issues is something completely out of the control of the hotel and that would be the noise. We've never stayed in a room facing the strip before and we were on the corner in tower 2 so there was traffic, loud motorcycles, sirens from ambulances and police, as well as screaming from the roller coaster (this stopped around midnight though, thankfully)(Enjoying the roller coaster and listening to it whenever your in your room for any period of time can become annoying)Our room was the FARTHEST room from the elevator, so ALL the way across the casino, then all the way back to the VERY end of the hall in tower 2. This may be because the room had a "soaking tub"Our room was.... a shambles. Here is the description of what our room professes to be (snippets from the actual description on their site)" Contemporary Superior Room, reign in this beautiful room . Soaking tub and luxurious bathroom featuring granite counter tops. High-speed Internet access.Contemporary means updated (doesn't it?) This room had a thin blanket that was not really big enough for a king bed with 2 sleeping in it and a thin duvet (more like a sheet covering it) I shouldn't have to crank up the heat because I was given a beggars blanket. but the cover over the thin blanket seemed to be the newest thing in the room. The wallpaper was peeling (badly in some places), the tiles in the bathroom were so chipped it looked like someone spilled dirt all over and then didn't bother to sweep it up, the wallpaper had obvious patches in it and then was painted over (if this room was updated WHY wasn't the wallpaper torn down and the room painted, its SO easy and makes a huge difference), the door stop behind the bathroom door was falling out, the chairs by the table were threadbare, the table itself was gouged and deeply scratched (which was made worse by the fact that it was painted black so every scuff made it look cheap and neglected, and there was also a broken cover plate to the plug receptacle.I was so disgusted I took pictures of all of the things that were tangible. Other issues I had?The Internet being included in your resort fee being only via Ethernet is VERY outdated and misleading, I brought an iPad I couldnt use that Internet. Also the cord didn't even reach the bed, you'd have had to drag a threadbare chair over and sat right next to the dresser where the Ethernet cord was tethered. There was wireless, but it was in the lobby. Who uses Ethernet in a hotel?The tiling was crooked in the bathroom, this isn't something easily fixed, just another testament to how shoddy the entire place was.The window shade by the tub was broken completely so you couldn't look out that window while in the bath, (this is a simple and cheap fix, just like the cover plate would have been)The clover tub was OK, but there was a little plastic sign sitting near the tub (not stuck or screwed in or anything) giving instructions on how to use the jacuzzi and what all the knobs meant, but it was a clover TUB not a jacuzzi, there was ONLY hot/cold, not a complaint, but still misleading.In the halls there was graffiti on lighting fixtures (I only took a picture of one but we saw several) and huge dark scuffs on the wall paper in the halls.Another thing that really bothered me was I've never been bugged by security before in a casino (EVER) and neither has my guy, but there was someone being loud and belligerent with a security guard as we were heading out somewhere and I don't know what it was about but he was drunk and it was unsettling.I will NEVER stay here again. We will come back for Dick's Last Resort, because that place is awesome but for the price I paid just for an over-sized tub in our room, it was absolutely not worth it.The Valets and Bellmen were very nice.
1	The Excalibur is an OK hotel, very well located on the Vegas Strip. The problem is everything else. Right as we walked in, we could smell the smell, and it wasn't smoke - it was some cleaning agent. You could tell that they had sprayed something that made the entire place smell like a cheap motel. And the people who were there were - well let's just say that they were people who paid $49. a night, as we did. We're no better than anyone else, but hope you like rowdy 20-somethings out for their first night in Vegas, complete with the footlong beer bongs and paper hats.Internet? Sure! We were told, but came to find out that is is wired Ethernet only; NO wireless. Want a cup of coffee after using the gym? Forget it; they required not only the room key which we had, but also, ID. All they had to do was look us up to see that we were in fact registered there AND had our room key. I had a martini in the bar and my wife had a coke. When she asked for a refill on the soda, they said sure - it's another $3.50, despite the fact that I paid for a 2nd martini and was gambling at the bar on the video poker.The room was clean, except for the same pervasive cleaning agent smell, but had no night tables, no reading lamps, no mini-bar, and very little furniture. A bed, a TV, a small table, two chairs, and a lamp. I know, for $49. what did I expect? Well, there are thousands of rooms in Vegas with better accommodations and wireless Internet, and places that don't nickle and dime you to death at every turn.I doubt that the Excalibur will fold up and close, but they sure won't be seeing us again. And if you stay there, bring your noseplugs and an Ethernet cable.
1	We stayed at his hotel only because we made a fairly last minute booking and it was the most affordable option for the weekend. This was a mistake.On arrival the hotel is clearly lacking an adequate cleaning staff or their attention to detail is just horrible. Everything from the outside of the hotel to the casino floor was for lack of better words, disgusting. Glass doors tagged, scratched and covered in finger prints. Gum stuck everywhere. The water feature in front of the hotel was 90% empty and filled with trash and algae. Our room was no winner either. We actually had to get a new room because our first one seemed like the forgot to clean it. Aside from all the cleanliness issues, the hotel no longer feels like a medieval, or castle like atmosphere. Had I not known what the hotel was known for, I would of never guessed it was supposed to be a castle. Its quite a shame.We also opted for the buffet they offered....Do yourself a favor and pass on that. If you want to feel like your in an old hometown buffet and eat horrible food....Then go for it. Otherwise go down the strip to damn near ANY other buffet. My fiance tried a number of items from the buffet and finally gave up, she ended up eating watermelon and drinking water. Everything is clearly reheated and none of that was even done well. Every thing we ate was cold in the middle. It was almost comical how consistent this problem was. The eggs felt like I put a sponge in my mouth. Both texture and taste. My biggest failure with the buffet was the "chow mein noodles" (ramen). Even this was not cooked all the way. Hard uncooked noodles were just as prevalent as actual edible noodles. An employee asked me how my meal was and i told him it was utterly disappointing. He smiled and said "good." I don't believe he spoke English. But he was working hard which is less than I can say for the cleaning staff. (if there is one...)Now for the biggest problem of all. The timeshare salesmen........Immediately upon entering the hotel (and especially while holding luggage) you WILL be approached by a timeshare salesmen. They will try to rope you in with offers of free or cheap tickets to shows and dinners. The offer works like any other timeshare presentation. They give you something but  only after you go to a presentation to purchase a timeshare in the hotel. The presentation however, is of course in another hotel....So you have to opt for a ride to this other hotel where you will be stuck until they agree to take you back or you just decide to walk. You can decline and go about your day but the problem doesn't stop here. Going to your room? Prepare to be approached by timeshare salesmen. Going to the casino? Timeshare salesmen again. Entering or exiting the hotel? Timeshare salesmen....Going to Dicks last resort? (which btw is this hotels only saving grace and consequently their most heavily promoted attraction) Timeshare salesmen!!!!!! I cant stress this enough....You WILL be approached by them constantly and consistently.Don't waste your time with this hotel unless you are for some reason in an outrageous need for a timeshare. And even still, don't buy it from here. If the hotel is any indication of the product they are selling....Your gonna have a bad time.
2	Pretty much a dump. Not a great location, rooms are small and guaranteed to smell bad. The whole place wreaks of smoke even if you're in the no-smoking section. It smells truly awful, I can't emphasize that enough. As I said the rooms are small, the windows don't really open. The beds are far from comfortable, though not painful like some other hotels I've been at. There was a small low quality tv in the room and the bathroom was a pretty tight fit as well. Thankfully I minimized my time spent in the room.There may have been a gym somewhere. Excalibur has a pretty confusing layout actually despite seemingly being a square. There's plenty of gambling though and cheap gambling - $5 and $10 tables were pretty frequently available. The downside though is that it's pretty far from the rest of the strip; I much prefer to spend time around Caesars, Bellagio, Cosmo, Aria. And there are cheap casinos there as well (Quad, Harrahs, etc).There's just one thing going for Excalibur - it's cheap. I think I was paying between 30-60 per night. Pretty tough to find that price anywhere else on the strip. But you get what you pay for...not much.
4	Great location with plenty of shopping and restaurants. Big casino with strange 6-5 blackjack payouts. Sadly the rooms and hallways are worn and old. Ate at dick's and bucca and loved them both. Really hated the time share vultures at each entrance. They pretend to work for the hotel and help and then ambush you.
4	The Excalibur is a great hotel if you need a cheap place to crash for a simple Vegas trip to enjoy the Strip. It's not as glitzy as some of the more expensive alternatives like the Bellagio, but the rooms are nice enough to crash and the casino is decent. The concierge is helpful and will do everything in their power to help you with transportation, show tickets, etc. Shoutout to Nicole who was especially helpful in particular.The tables are reasonably cheap and the location at the south end of the Strip is somewhat convenient, because you can still get to other reasonably-priced casinos/restaurants in the nearby NYNY, Mandalay Bay and Luxor without having to pay the higher costs for rooms in those hotels. There's elevated walkways to get you across the streets and a tram to get you between a few of the nearby hotels, and easy access to the LV Monorail. The check-in line seems to always be about 150 people long (not exaggerating), but they had all hands on deck and we were through the line in about 10 minutes tops.There's a McDonalds, Cinnabon, Popeyes and numerous cheap options downstairs in the food court so that you don't always have to go out and pay for expensive Vegas food. Yes, the McDonalds honors the Dollar Menu even in the casino.I feel the need to address some of the other reviewer's complaints to give credit where it's due:- No, there is no Wi-Fi. But, at least in our room in Tower 1, it came with a retractable Ethernet cable, so hooking up was no problem.- The hotel isn't excessively smoky unless you're REALLY offended by smoke. But hey, it's Vegas. Sin City. Everyone has their vices here, and if you don't like smoke, I don't know what casinos you expect to visit where it's not allowed.- Our room was nothing to write home about, but it wasn't dirty or smelly. It was a relatively nice, basic room and the beds were plenty comfy - about what you'd get at a Holiday Inn Express. It had a very large TV and while the decor is a bit outdated, it's a place to sleep and it's cheap. Deal with it.If you're expecting to stay at a fancy-schmancy resort in Vegas with modern art and fountains everywhere, then this isn't for you. But if you just need a bed to sleep on with a decent casino and several cheap restaurants right downstairs, easy access to go see all the glitzy stuff on the Strip, without being in a sketchy motel off the Strip, then the Excalibur is perfect. I'll definitely stay here again.
4	I don't understand all the negative reviews. I was just here for 3 nights and we had a wonderful time! We stayed in Tower 1, which didn't have any special views of the strip but we didn't care about that. We were in Vegas for Vegas..not to be in the room the entire time. We were only in the room to sleep and needed a place to crash at the end of our long Vegas days of walking the strip. If you have the same needs, Excalibur is the place for you. The rates are cheaper and the rooms are comfortable...the beds were very nice after a long day of walking around the strip. Housekeeping was also very helpful in our trip as we needed them a few times to get items for us that we forgot and they had them at our room within minutes! The only downside is the location on the strip as it is on the South end...so if you want to go anywhere, it is a pretty good walk...but I actually appreciated that bc it forced me to get some much needed exercise after all the eating I did. They also have an $18 resort fee which includes internet and use of their fitness center if you need more exercise. I'll definitely be back as this was a great hotel for the price. It was much nicer than the Quad down the way, which is currently offering rates double what Excalibur is offering.
1	Spend the extra money to stay in a hotel rather then a place that smells horrible from the second you walk in the door. There is no good amenities, rom service is only open breakfast and lunch, to be honest I really have nothing good to say about the place, this is my first time staying here, but I come to Vegas at least once a month for the last 5 years and haven't had a worse experience. PS, there is no wifi
1	I have been staying at Excalibur for the last 15 years (ever since I turned 21). I have stayed there maybe 10-15 times. I just took my kids and wife there for the first time. It was also my first time being back there in about 3-4 years. To put it nicely, the place has turned into a dump! from the check in to the check out, it was one nightmare after another. Not only they didn't have a room for us when we arrived, once we finally did get the room, it was filthy!  I was disgusted to get into the shower even. To make a long story short, I will never ever go there or recommend it to anyone ever again. They charge you one rate, then once you get there, their salespeople try up selling the crap out of the rooms. $5 bucks extra, if you want a room, $5 bucks extra if you want a remodeled room,$10 extra if you want a flat screen TV. It is insane!I know it's not the Bellagio, but it had never been like this.
3	This is one of the more affordable hotels on the strip. You get what you pay for though, so I did not have high expectations.  As expected, I experienced quite a few annoyances. Excalibur seemed to have trouble covering up the smell of smoke.  Other hotels do an okay job at it. My key card stopped working part way through my stay. I heard loud noises outside my window at night, and no, not drunk people. It sounded as if a flag was whipping in the wind, and there was a banging echo sound (like someone banging on a heater/register) and a sound of constant glass breaking.  It was a strange combination of sounds.Lastly, no w-ifi in the room.  I was there 5 days so I ending up using quite a bit of my data :/Even with all the unpleasantries,  I am still happy with my stay and the price I paid.
4	Our party of 4 adults stayed at this hotel for 4 nights arriving on 3/6/2014. We got some decent discount deal online when reserving 2 rooms (with 2 Queen size beds each) almost 2 months in advance.  Average price of $147/night per room excluding taxes and resort fee.Check-in process was very smooth. The hotel receptionist was very kind in getting us two rooms in Tower 2 near the elevators on the 27th floor, since one of our family members is semi-handicapped. The rooms were clean and roomy, although somewhat dated. Sound insulation is rather poor, we could easily hear conversations in the adjacent rooms. There was no small fridge or coffee maker in the room, but there is hair dryer, ironing board and a plasma TV set in the room.The hotel offers all the essential amenities, including few stores and a Food Court on the second level from the lobby area. There are couple of Starbucks inside the hotel (one by the casino) and few other restaurants that we did not get to try. There is access to a free tram that runs from the Excalibur Hotel to the Mandalay Bay Hotel, making a stop at the Luxor. The Hotel also has a walkway to the New York New York Hotel next door. We found the location of our hotel actually quite convenient (close to the airport) despite of the fact that it is not right in the heart of the Strip, but it's still walking distance to several hotels nearby (MGM, New York New York, Luxor, Montecarlo, Mandala Bay, etc.).The Excalibur looks a bit old inside, some carpets near and inside the elevators could be better cleaned. But overall it is a very good hotel if you are planning to visit Las Vegas and don't plan to spend much time inside the room. Once you visit other hotels like Bellagio, Mandala Bay, Winn, or Aria, the Excalibur will look and feel more run-down. It is still a practical and convenient hotel to stay if you get a good discount rate.
1	I been coming to this establishment for last 20 + years and have never experienced such poor customer service as I did today March 21, 2014 it took half an hour to get my alcohol beverages from an Asian employee I spoke to the bar beverage manager Cortney Norris which was very nice and polite but if you guys keep on hiring these kind of employees you will lose great paying customer at your establishment.I suggest you talk to that Asian person who took half an hour to take my order which was never delivered.Beware of Asians as your servers as they will not get your drinks to you in a timely matter!!PS you lost a great paying customer that pays your bills!!Avoid playing slots at this hotel!!
4	always fun.. my cousins always stay here and its nothing but good times!
1	This place is nasty. It received 4 stars by some people?!?! No way!  Those people probably live in a barn. The rooms are dated. The rooms have popcorn ceiling, cheesy pictures on the wall, and funky carpet. I didn't want to take my shoes off. When I first came in the room I smelled a strong odor of smoke. Then I realized it was my hair that absorbed the smoke from just 15 minutes of being in the casino- the time it took to walk in and check in at the desk. The casino floor is so smokey. There are no good restaurants here. See my Dicks review.  There is  NO Wifi! Circus Circus is better. At least they have a steak house that is decent. Circus circus seems cleaner.We stayed here because everything was booked for march madness. We paid $150A night. We should have rented Palms Place for $200 a night. OH! And the bedding...... Sheets were clean, but the blankets were cheap like worn out dorm or summer camp blankets. The clientele in the casino were very creepy. They looked like off duty renaissance fair workers.
3	We just stayed in this hotel for three nights during the first weekend of March Madness this year. Overall, we had a pretty good experience.Here's my take: Pros: *Good price for busy weekend. I originally booked this hotel for close to $700 for three nights due to March Madness, but Excalibur offers a great price match deal if you book through their website. (I think Luxor might offer the same deal). I booked the hotel through their site and then found a cheaper advertised price on Otel.com. I sent in a claim form (kind of a pain of a process, but worth it) and Excalibur beat Otel's price and offered me 10 percent off as well for finding the better deal. I ended up getting the hotel for about $107 a night before resort fees and tax. Good deal, especially for such a busy weekend. They were advertising upwards of $250 a night for Friday and Saturday. Note: Make sure you read all the rules of the price match before you book and that you give yourself enough time to cancel if Excalibur denies your claim. You can cancel within 48 hours for a full refund. *Good location. This hotel is close to lots of dining and fun. It's connected to Luxor and not far from Mandalay Bay and a host of other hotels. It makes for a good home base. *Clean and spacious room. Ours was recently renovatedCons:*Weird smell. I can only imagine what goes on in some of these casino hotel rooms. Our room had a weird mustard smell that we couldn't seem to get rid of. *Hard beds. Definitely not the most comfortable around.*No conditioner. This is for the ladies. I had to go buy some. I hate when hotels give you the 'conditioning shampoo'. That stuff sucks. I think if I'm paying more than $100 a night, the hotel should provide both shampoo and conditioner. *The fees. This is not a specific issue with Excalibur because all Vegas hotels now charge a 'resort fee'. This is, of course, just another way of tacking an additional $15-25 onto your bill daily.  All the hotels do it so they can get away with it. So, even though we got the hotel for $107 a night, we paid $420 total with the fees and taxes. That's an additional $100 tacked onto the trip.  Ridiculous. Again, you'll find this with most hotels so just consider that when booking so you're not surprised at check-in. It bugs me that the hotel can advertise one rate, and keep those fees hidden in small print because it really is a significant boost in price. Just be aware that those fees do exist and the tax is super high.
3	Came here to redeem my 1 night free pass at this hotel from myvegas on Tuesday, March 25th to Wednesday, March 26th. There was no problem with baggage check in and hotel check in.My friends and I had a 2 queen bedroom and it was a pretty decent bathroom (for us 4 girls to get ready). It wasn't the biggest and best room, but HEY IT WAS FREE!
2	Friendly staff. Rooms need a little TLC though. Wall paper was peeling and table had sticky stuff on it. Beds seem comfortable enough.
4	Upgrayedd! Booked a discounted rate at $35/night and got upgraded to the more modern rooms with a view of the strip.  M-Life seems to pay off. Very nice and spacious rooms in tower 2. 45" plasma TV. Shower large enough for two. Can't complain about that. Not the best of the best hotels, but really really decent.  And for the price I paid for this, excellent!
2	This is a two-star hotel, so I'm giving it two stars to be accurate. But I'm also not thrilled with the Excalibur. So the rating can be explained either way. We're talking cheeeeeap rooms here, people. I paid $30 a night to stay here for a week; compared with NYNY across the street charging $190 on the same days. When I travel for work, I travel cheap. So this dumpy place works. But no way would I skimp and book this place for a vacation. If you're like me and enjoy luxe and glam accommodations with your travel, stay the hell away from here. Some irksome things: - no one at the valet when I rolled up around midnight on a week day- no one wanted to help me lug my giant printer up to my room (liability reasons)- no one in general to take my luggage (so I had to make two trips)- two lights were out when I got to my room- cord to the wired internet was broken- my door wouldn't auto-lock on closure one night, so I had to slam it multiple times until it decided to wise up...- ...this turned out to be a bad idea, because I got back to my room and it wouldn't open T_TBut this whole review isn't one big downer. Any staff I actually encountered throughout Excalibur, for the most part, really amped up an otherwise lackluster stay. 99% of the people working here are all smiles, all service, all the time. It's nuts.- David, technician, just awesome. Great personality, super fast, knowledgeable at what he does. Doesn't come on up into your space and leave a mess.- Angel, front desk, I actually like you. I know how it is to be exhausted and just wanna go home, and you know what, I'm glad that whole thing we had to deal with worked out.- Everyone working at Dick's who would "compliment" my blue hair every day. You dudes are funny.- People trying to get you to sign up for Mlife. How can you guys be so friggin friendly after hours of getting the shutdown??- The security officer in Tower II who was such a gentleman! I'm sure watching a tiny woman carry an industrial sized printer around would worry any chivalrous heart, haha; but he was so courteous and helpful, I'm sad I don't remember his name!Alas, there are so many more names I can't recall. The first technician who came by to fix my internet. The guys working the valet at 1 am. The security who had to bust me into my room. I could go on and on. Bottom line, know that every one of these awesome blossoms keep the gears of Vegas well oiled and contributed to a work-stay that was far more enjoyable than it should have been. Peace.
3	Strayed here many times. The cost goes up and the amenities go down. Still a fun place but used to be better. Most dealers are not that friendly but they are the same in every casino now.
3	Shhh...what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.Was only here to donate $1 to a progressive slot with a $10 million jackpot and have dinner at Dick's Last Resort.Whoops, secret's out!
4	Before I went to Vegas for the Pac 12 tournament (March 2014) I read on Yelp about this place, saw the lukewarm reviews, then saw the rate, but decided to book it anyway since I didn't plan on being in my room much except for sleeping.  THIS PLACE IS FINE if all you're looking for is a comfortable room for a reasonable price.  The room was large, my view was right across from the roller coaster (NYNY), and the services were plenty okay for me.  I used the exercise room (free) and was VERY pleasantly surprised.  (I do a fair amount of business travel, and am accustomed to bad ones.)  The pool area was great actually, especially for morning coffee and a paper. (It crowds up during the daytime in warm months.)  Everything is expensive, so you have to find ways to cut costs, but I thought Excalibur is one really good way to do that.  I didn't experience the hawkers in the lobby, the loudness from the hallway, or any of the other complaints I read on here.  I would definitely stay again, and probably will again next year.
3	On a trip with my girl friend, we canceled our reservations at the Quad and stayed here instead. With my Mlife card it averaged only $66 a night - Friday-Sunday. What a deal! When we arrived at Excalibur, we were lost as usual for the expansive casino/hotels in Vegas. But there was good signage that led us to the registrar desk.When we got there, the line wasn't too long, as it can be sometimes on the weekends. I asked at the Mlife counter if they could print me out another card, but with a rude demeanor, the staff member said they could print it for me when I check-in. So we waited in line, and got a really nice check-in clerk. I think his name was Ryan, or Brian? Anyway, he was great. Very nice, even got us a view of New York New York when he couldn't get a room with a view of Luxor like I requested. He printed out my Mlife card for me and entered my Southwest Rapid Rewards number so I could get points for the stay there too.He gave us a room in Tower II, 17th floor, all the way in the back of the hall. That wasn't good for the nights we came up stumbling and too drunk to travel by feet very far. One night, my friend tried literally rolling on the ground to the room because she was having so much trouble. It was very comical.When we first arrived at our room, it seemed fine. It wasn't until I walked around without my shoes on that I realized there was a big wet spot next to one of the beds. Who knows what that could be. But we tried not to think too much of it and just wore our shoes in room. I also sought outlets for our phone chargers. I only found one on the lamp stand. So I moved the center table and removed the plug for the alarm clock, so we could both charge our phones. That was annoying.The bathroom was stocked with the usual amenities: lotion, shampoo, soap, and nice close-up mirror that's good for us women putting on makeup. And the lighting was way better than a lot of other hotels' lighting in their bathrooms. However on the last night we were there I came home craving a shower around 4/5 am. Unfortunately, the shower heat wouldn't go very high. So I was stuck taking a luke warm shower for what spanned about an hour (don't ask me why I wanted to take such a long shower). Finally, the heat came on and I had to turn it down to a more comfortable temperature. I stayed in for another 2 hours without complaint. Yeah yeah, I know that's forever. It's by far the longest shower I can remember ever taking. What I liked best about the room was the huge TV and the beautiful view. Everything else was ehhhh.When we checked out we had the hotel hold onto our bags for us while we go to a pool party before our flight. There was a gigantic line of people doing this, but when we eventually got up front the staff were nice and we had no issues getting our bags back later.Overall, I would stay at Excalibur again because of the price. But if I'm not on such a tight budget next time I'll definitely be staying somewhere else.
5	This was a nice hotel and great location.  We stayed in tower 1 and thought it was just fine.  Only had a shower, no tub, but not bad though.  Quieter than others we've stayed at.  Loved the show!  We would definitely stay here again!
1	I wish I could put 5 stars .. Because the begining of my vacation was great ... We checked in late Saturday ... We chose Excaibur because my boyfriend loved staying there .. I couldn't argue the price was great .. So upon checking in we get a upgrade from a room with a view to a room with a hot tub .. I was beyond excited .. We were suppose to check out Monday morning . But we were having such a good time we decided to stay an extra night .... I was even planning to return in sept for my birthday .. But then it went down hill Some how the door managed to lock itself with the dead lock while we were out .. Took us 30 min to get someone to open it .. I tried not to think about it ... Any ways your probably wondering why I'm so upset .. So on the morning of checking out  I was packing my make up and one rolled underneath the chair .. I  kneel down and  what do I find ?? The hugest fatest cock roach I've ever seen ..  I almost though it could have been a beetle by the size of it ... I was so disgusted ... This thing  was here with us the last 3 nights .. My great memorable vacation was ruined ... All I could think of how dirty this room really was .. There's no way they could have missed this bug if it was cleaned properly ... I felt gross knowing I stayed in that bed , used that hot tub .. I was furiousI went and notified management discreetly because i didn't want to call them out in front of other guests .. They apologized and offered to reimburse for one night that I stayed.... I didn't think that was enough But I bit my tounge ..  Now I'm driving home thinking about and although I do appreciate Excalibur for the reimbursement of one night .. I stayed for three days and still technically paid to sleep with a big dead bug ... I don't think I could come back and stay at this hotel
1	Our beds had bed bugs. My skin is very sensitive and  reacts very quickly to bites. I woke up with several bumps that look like mosquito bites on my face, back of my neck, arms and right shoulder. I pulled back the sheets and there were two small bugs crawling around. We took video,  packed our things and headed downstairs for a full refund. The hotel was professional about the situation, refunded the card and a security guard took down a report and snapped photos of my bites. I will not be returning to this hotel.
3	This is the cheapest place to stay on the strip, i dont consider circus circus or stratusphere the strip. It is alot of fun staying here.
3	When you play for 60 minutes at the craps table, you'd expect to get drink service at least once right?  Then you go to a bar and the bartender rolls his eyes when you ask for a bottle of water which he tries to charge you $4 for. Come on Excalibur... I'm freaking thirsty!  Three stars only because I've had great experiences in the past and also because of the $5 minimum on a Friday night.  Oh and pay for the upgraded room, you won't regret spending the extra $20 bucks.
5	Love this place, if you go get a new remodel room strip view its clean and nice, great pool and bar area, fun casino. lots of food choices to eat at and shops to go into. connects to mgm grand, new york, luxor and madalyan bay, really cool castle like hotel and has little mini markets, spa runs an early bird specail from 8 to 11 am check that out 70 for a 50 min message and you can use the spa sauna, steam room and hot tub and specail showers til 8 pm, if your looking for a hotel with great rates and beautiful and clean with really comfy beds stay here!!!!
3	I've been to the Excalibur many times on past Vegas trips and this time was no different from any other. The Excalibur is what I call the cheapest nice hotel on the Strip. The rooms aren't anything fancy, and if you're looking to spend the night dancing at some hip club you'll need to take a walk over to another hotel (which there are many nearby to choose from) but who stays in their room in Vegas much any way? They've got comfy beds, a shower, and a place to put my stuff and that is good enough for me.What keeps me coming back here time after time are the cheap prices and it's convenient location next to Luxor and New York New York. I love how they've got walkways to every nearby hotel/casino, because cabbing it everywhere can get expensive, and even a mini tram to take you to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. I discovered the tram does only operate during normal world hours though, not Vegas nightlife hours.The Excalibur is also home to a big food court, with Starbucks, McDonalds, Krispy Kreme, and Scholtzky's, to name a few of my favorites, they've got a little something for everyone who would rather spend their moolah on some gambling or drinks than a fancy dinner. Their famous restaurant down by the casino, Dick's, is fabulous fun! The bartenders and servers are famously rude and therefore hilarious, putting paper hats with cruel slogans on their customers and making fun as you down your booze.This hotel is also very kid friendly if you're taking the whole family, with their Fun Dungeon arcade and their King of Tournaments jousting show.The casino itself has the usual slew of tables and computer slots, along with a sports booking bar to bet on the upcoming games. I'm not a huge gambler but I do enjoy killing some time at the video poker games at the Sherwood Bar downstairs while knocking back some free watered down drinks.Come to the Excalibur to crash on the Strip, but if you're looking for posh settings and a nice club go elsewhere.
2	If you're looking for a cheap place to stay and one full of rowdy kids, stay here.  Rooms seem outdated to me.  But it is one of the cheapest hotels on the strip.  So, you pay for what you get.
4	I was actually surprised how much I liked staying at this place despite the negative reviews. I've stayed at multiple places on the strip and ONE this place doesn't actually smell like cigarettes and old people the second you walk in, giant plus. The check in can be a little long, but just apply for an Mlife card and you get VIP check in (you can apply online or in the casinos). This is one of the more kid-friendly hotels on the strip with the whole "castle" appeal and an arcade downstairs called the "Fun Dungeon". We spent some time gambling for free drinks then going downstairs to play DDR and Air Hockey, like all the cool 20-something-year-olds do. Hahaha The pricing is really great too. We paid 63 dollars (not including resort fees) for a 2 queen bedroom with a great view of the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. Tower two is a bit nicer, just because it's the newer tower of them all. They do offer smoking and none smoking rooms. Parking here can either be Valet or self parking, I felt the parking lot was safe enough to stay in, and it was free too!You do have the ability to ride the free tram to get to either one of those hotels quickly, or there is a quick walkway to get on the strip.I love that this place has Dicks last resort... A hilarious restaurant to check out if you've never been to one, you have to take everything they say with a grain of salt, but they do have a great happy hour!I'll definitely be staying here again, had a great time.
3	Given 90% of the hotels we went through involved you having to walk through a smoky casino, I'm not going to hate on the Excalibur for the smokiness, since it was a fair price and you do get what you pay for.Since we wanted to spend our day either hitting attractions or sitting poolside, this place did nicely as the pool area was adequate and we were able to walk or bus wherever needed from the strip. HOTEL / ROOMS: The lobby and casino does stink of smoke and air freshener, and the hallways do seem like a scene from the Shining... However once inside the rooms (even the Tower 1 rooms), while the furniture is quite dated, the mattress is new and comfy, the bathroom is clean, there is a safe in the room, an iron and ironing board in the closet, a half decent tv, and you can come up with many creative ways to make up for the fridge with ice and garbage pails. Okay, a fridge would be a nice touch but they are rare to find in 3 star hotels. As for the timeshare people, they are pretty easy to spot. If anyone in a navy blue blazer comes up just say "no thanks" or "have a good day" as they attempt to make discussion with you. SMOKE AVOIDANCE TIP: if you're not actually going to gamble, you only need to spend time in the casino or lobby when making your way to the pool or the foodcourt. Otherwise walk out the doors near the elevators and walk around to the front walkways and off the property.FOOD: The food court is convenient, although much of the food is not very good and definitely not healthy. But it redeems itself for allowing me to repeatedly destroy a 20 pack of chicken McNuggets at 3 in the morning. We also got an all day pass for the buffet one day, and breakfast and lunch were admittedly pretty good even though there wasn't many people there (it was mid week and we went during off hours). We went to the Luxor for dinner just to change it up and was very unimpressed. Seemed just like lunch, but with a few extra salads and a couple new (but terrible) meats available. It was worth the price of eating for the day but I couldn't imagine eating there multiple days of it. POOL: nice pool areas, on the weekend they opened the 3rd pool which even had a slide. Was able to find a recliner most of the time, sometimes a bit of scouring and timing required. Only twice did I notice children in the adults pool section and we were out there pretty much every day. Service was quite spotty for getting a drink but once you actually got the waitresses attention they were typically very friendly.SPA: terrible, untrained and underskilled employees, waste of money according to my wife.
5	I didn't stay in the rooms but I played craps in the casino and the dealers were fantastic. They helped me out with understanding the game and were very polite.
2	Haven't stayed here in a while and am reminded why. Let me say if I was in college this place is probably heaven...being mid 30's I guess I want a little more than what we got at Excalibur.This very smoky hotel seems old and outdated.  I thought I heard they renovated, my fault on that end for not really looking into it.Beds are comfy but it's downhill from there. Old antiquated a/c unit that is hard to differentiate between the a/c or the nearby airport.  No fans in the bathroom, holes in the chairs in the main room...old and breaking down feel overall!The pool has 1 full pool closed for the season, not too big of loss, but keeping inline with old and broken they have poolside chairs that are certainly not comfortable...and many have rips in them. If you want a good chair you have to "rent" it for the day. Obviously many feel the same as we do about renting them seeing as most  chairs are open. So, the masses get hearded to the old broken down chairs.We won't be back and would will willing pay more for a better place. If budget is your goal, this place will do. If overall comfort and up to date with, at a minimum, pool chairs that aren't old and ripped, and poolside chairs you don't have to rent(and I'm not talking about the cabanas all hotels have to rent poolside), certainly go elsewhere. Friendly staff though!
3	It's tough for me to down rate things in Vegas. I had a love for the city engrained into me when I was younger. Excalibur was one of the few that I never really explored, but was always wanting to.Sadly, there was some bad with the good. First off you are hit with the undeniable stench of years and years of smoke. For a Haligonian who has been in a city with a stone cold, steadfast, smoking ban, this was the first shock.Second bad is the sales people who pray on people naive enough to let them take their spiel. Lines like "are you married" or "are you coming back to Vegas in the next year" will lead to a sales pitch that has you putting down 200 bucks on them, and it's "refundable at any time, with no strings attached" which is simply the mantra of if it sounds too good to be true, it is. On top of it, it's a non-stop assault. These people are situated in front of the rooms entrances which is just disgusting to me.Thirdly was housekeeping and I. First off, we find a sheet with blood on it. Not a huge deal, and really in a huge hotel.. not a huge surprise. Called down and the guy comes up with the wrong sheet. Again, not a huge deal. Then he comes back with a full bed of bedding and hands it to us.. and walks away. Alright so making my own bed on vacation... Then to 'fix' this mistake on their end, they clean our room with a do not disturb sign on.. and lose the remote. THEN on the last morning, open the door as they knock.. walking in on me changing. Just not good at all.But it's not all bad... The front desk staff are amazing. The 20 dollar trick does work, do a google search if you're not sure what I am talking about.The hotel is a member of the MLife group, which gives you free money in the form of discounts from it's app/facebook game, MyVegas.. if you are headed to Vegas anytime, GET THIS APP.I saved almost $300 dollars on a 25% discount on rooms, a free ticket to LOVE by Cirque Du Soleil and bogo for the buffet in Excalibur. Message me if you have any questions.It's a fun hotel with some of Vegas' old school charm back when they used to care if families wanted to be there.
3	I wish that I could comment on the rooms, but I live in Las Vegas, so I always sleep at home.However, I met a family member there tonight, and on my walk from the parking lot to his tower, I saw the whole casino floor.I have to say that there are more penny slots in this casino than there are at any other casino on the Strip.It was as if a locals' casino was transplanted into a Strip hotel (old carpets and smoky atmosphere included.)Not only that, but I saw that there were lots of franchise eateries such as Pizza Hut, Dairy Queen, etc., which is great when want to eat a snack without having to spend $20-30.It was also pretty empty, even for a Wednesday night. There were empty areas all over the floor. My step-brother even remarked that they could fit a whole banks of slot machines in some of the empty spaces.But all of that is fine by me. Less bumping into people and less shoving around (which is a health hazard at my age.)A-OK is my assessment.
1	I finally got around writing a review on the Excalibur Hotel. This used to be one of our favorite hotels when we go to Vegas with the children. Not until our recent trip to Vegas that we will never go back again. We stayed here for two nights experiencing bed bugs and lack of follow-up from their customer relations team. I would say that guest satisfaction is not that important to them. I would give this hotel a zero if I could.The check-in process was quick and easy. If the check-in person could smile a little then it would make the hotel feels much like a fairy tale castle? Tower I haven't been updated/refinished in many years. The room in Tower I was very stuffy. It seems like they haven't got around to fixing the ventilation in this part of the casino. The first night we went into the hotel and had to move out to Tower II. We couldn't stop scratching our legs and arms because of bed bugs. Tower II is the newer and cleaner side of the casino. We had minor itching in this room also, perhaps had brought the pests with us from Tower I. I would go to Circus Circus with the children next time, at least the air throughout the casino is fresher and doesn't feel like an oven of smoke. In case you wanted to know, we didn't get comp for this experience.
2	Excalibur Hotel is child's play compared to the elite hotel resorts of Las Vegas ... at 1/2 the price tag ... making it a deal for you bargain hunters or families on vacation. If you have children or need a "beginner" hotel for the whole Vegas experience, choose Excalibur.Welcome to the future site of a cool five-star Vegas Mecca. Once they tear this down and build a new mega-resort, you can tell your grandkids that you stayed here back when it was Excalibur. Until then, here's what you'll find ... * Hotel Rooms ... nothing fancy, but you've slept in worse (probably) * A Casino with lower table limits and more frowns * A small Sports Book for Dad to prove he was right about the home team * Food is like choosing a restaurant at your local mall  ... Excalibur Buffet ($23 for dinner and less for breakfast or lunch)  ... Buca di Beppo - American chain of Italian-style re-heated food  ... Dick's Last Resort - The Applebee's of Vegas  ... A Steakhouse with $41 Rib Eye Steak or a 3-course Sirloin meal for $37  ... Baja Fresh - Mexican Fast Food  ... Food Court with Krispy Kreme, McDonalds, Pizza Hut, Cinnabon, & more  ... Octane Lounge (Fri/Sat) & the "Lounge" are bars for adults to reminisce * Entertainment is great if you're letting mom plan your trip  ... Tournament of Kings: Jousting banquet ($66) using your hands to eat  ... Thunder From Down Under: Mom's/Girl's Night Out ($57 - $67) - chiseled abs  ... Australian Bee Gees - Tribute show ($45-$60) not as fun as Fallon & Timberlake on SNL  ... Fun Dungeon is a huge arcade full of games (10am-10pm)  ... Pool with bar & food service full of kids taking a Dungeon break  ... Shopping is limited to mall-style boutiques for kids and mom's  ... A Wedding Chapel - Good luck. * That funky aroma you smell is annoyed disappointment ... or weedFor now, Excalibur survives as a low-end property in the MGM Resorts brand (with the MGM, Luxor, New York-New York, Monte Carlo, Mandalay Bay, Aria, Vdara, Mirage, and Bellagio). Its prime location on the South end of the Vegas Strip at the corner of Tropicana and Las Vegas Blvd is the future site of something much, much better. Til then, Excalibur has accepted it's cheap existence and you should, too.
2	Older hotel.  Casino smells like a combo of cig smoke, body odor, and bad beer.  Jut a walk through will make you want a shower.  Rooms were clean and comfortable.  We stayed here for one night passing through because we were doing their Tournament of Kings show.  Stay somewhere nicer, but do watch the show!!!  Very fun for the whole family.
3	This is one of the cheaper places to stay, so if you're looking for a budget friendly on strip hotel, this is a good choice. They have a large pool area with many pools. I'm not a fan of the hotel setup, it doesn't have a separate lobby like many of the other strip hotels, so you have to put up with the casino noises and smells when checking in. Stayed in a tower 2 room, the room was spacious and clean, bed was comfortable and it was quiet. We had a huge 2 person tub with a view of NY NY across the street, this was really neat and we made the effort to pick up some bath salts to enjoy a romantic soak.The casino is very typical vegas, noisy and smells of cigarettes, some casinos have found a way to get the smoke smell out, some haven't. This is a big hotel for families, so if you hate kids running around, maybe best to avoid. The food court is convenient for quick bites or snacks.Overall good experience for this stay, and ultimately it's vegas for cheaper, chances are you'll spend more time away from the hotel then at it.
1	One of the most disappointing experiences I have had with a hotel and casino buffet.The receptionists at check-in were rude. Most of bartenders rude, and no luggage check-in assistance unless valet parking included; packed our luggage through the casino as carts were for Valet only. Room was quite inferior although advertised with refridgerator, coffee pot, tub/shower..was not. Check-out the same bad experience; was greeted with a "grunt" and no eye contact.The Buffet was awful, with price outrageous. Food cold, dry and no one attending the area. Choose another if you go to Vegas....hope they are not all like this.
3	I was very worried about staying here. But when I entered the room I realized everything would be ok. The room does have a faint smell, but nothing I can't deal with. The bed is comfortable. Clean towels and sheets, no random hairs that happen sometimes. Carpet is stain free ect. Not terrible for the price I payed.
1	I stayed here last week because it was such a great deal and learned my lesson the hard way. I started getting bit on the first night and it got worse on the second night. I realized they were BEDBUG bites once I was home and had already spread them to my house. I submitted an incident report as soon as realized what happened and after not receiving a response or callback, I followed up and was was told that the room was inspected and nothing was found. I couldn't believe what I was hearing so I asked for a copy of the report and they told me that they wouldn't share it with me. WHAT?!?!?! How can that be?? So shady. DON'T RISK STAYING HERE no matter how good the deal is!!!
3	Could use a decor upgrade for sure but nothing went wrong. Cheap and I would stay there again because of the price but it's nothing special.
4	The only reason I gave 4 stars was they upgraded our room at no extra charge.   I liked the selections of food in the food court.  All the places are familiar if you just want a quick bite without having to examine the menu, and the prices are reasonable. I also like taking the train to the casinos instead of walking.  If it wasn't for my AAA discount I think the cost is a little over priced.  It also would have been nice to have a little fridge in the room.
3	It's a nice hotel to stay  just around the strip area which is my favorite spot in vegas since I don't gamble, but here's the downside, their housekeeping crew should better understand the word privacy and cleanliness. They will just enter your room while you're still asleep with the pls don't disturb  tag hanging by the door knob . Cleaning the mess which the maintenance people left took 4 days to get cleaned.  Not coming back here even if they'll offer a free room, thanks but no thanks!!
4	I'm going to go against the grain here and give this place 4 stars. Over the past couple years, this place has been working hard to make modern upgrades. They have completely redone their food courts, which now even offers a Tropical Smoothie! This alone was a $4 million dollar renovation. It is actually the largest food court on the strip today.Our tower was renovated and new. The room was really quiet. We didn't have any issues with noise or cleanliness, which is actually more than I can say for some of the nicer hotels on the strip. We had a great view of the strip as well. after reading some of the reviews on here, I guess we lucked out.
4	I was so scared reading the reviews.  Not sure why people gave it 1 star.  I had an absolutely amazing time and I will definitely come back again.  I arrived around 1030am so I thought I was going to have to wait around till 3. Not at all. $20 for early check in?? heck yeah I'm in and I got a $20 food or drink credit. As I walked through the halls I was  a bit scared looking at the outdated decor. Oh My, when I Walked in, what a beauty.  Huge flat screen tv, ( forgot what channel it wad but they had done great information)nice view, plenty of space and clean room.  Oh, my bathroom was huge and bed was comfy with lots of pillows.  Pool- 5 decent size pools with 2 hot tubs to relax in.   what more can you ask for.  Chairs weren't the best but it worked.  They close at 7pm fyi.  There was a lot of garbage but that's bc us humans don't know how to pick up garbage and throw it away. So if its dirty, its bc YOU DID IT.  People would just leave the beer cans laying around.Casino- it was nice But didnt bring me any luck.  There was a starbucks located in the rear by the exit.  Go early since there was always a long line.  Make your way upstairs for some pretzels yogurt mcdonalds and much more.  My experience was a good one and the price was right.  Definitely can't b compare it to the bellagio, but it was a good,.smart choice for me.
4	Stayed here just this past weekend for two nights . The price is decent, i guess for a hotel on the strip. Needs a little renovation. I liked how the security checks your card key before entering the elevator. Make sure you belong and aren't an intruder .Very comfy beds and fluffy pillows.  Overall , i liked it .
5	You get what you pay for. In my books this place deserves 5 stars because it is cheap. If it were to cost me 150 a night to stay here it would not deserve 5 stars. I have stayed here 5 or 6 times. I come to vegas to gamble and party cheap rooms means more money to spend elsewhere. Being on the strip it also has great location! Thankyou excaliber I will most likly be seeing you again soon!
2	The Excalibur is good for an upgraded premium room, the other rooms really show their age. The casino and pool area are both large, well maintained and fun. The buffet however i would run from if i were you....seriously its THAT bad! Dicks last resort, however is worth checking out. The bars in the casino are very expensive, but you're on the strip what do you want? The pool is worth mentioning again because it really is very nice....the hot tub feels like youre sitting in a small box in the middle of the pool deck.
2	Oh Excalibur...your castle exterior is quite quirky but we didn't exactly get the royal treatment inside. Came here with a few girlfriends for a long weekend of bachelorette/birthday festivities. Since our bridal friend & family was already staying at this hotel, the rest of my girlfriends booked a room here as well (we split one room w/ 2 queen beds b/w us 4 girls). We ended up in Tower 1.The perks: + Large beds+ Plenty of towels & bedding upon request+ Decent pricing+ Strong ACThings to note:- No free wifi! Only an ethernet hookup (booooo)- Thin walls- No food amenities/vouchers with booking- Rather far from other destinations on The Strip- Not enough wall outlets- QUESTIONABLE CLEANING...found some sticky pieces of caramel popcorn between my sheets...gross!Bottom line -- if you're on a budget, Excalibur can be an acceptable deal. But you must remember to factor in cab fares & driving through traffic if you want to check out other places on The Strip. There are limited amenities here, but this hotel may work out if you just need an affordable place to crash during your time in Vegas.
1	Not a fan. I knew going in that it wasn't going to be luxury from the price but it really was not enjoyable to stay there. The room was standard, but the bed was super uncomfortable with no comforter, just a sheet that felt like a curtain and we had a view of the roof. The room reminded me of my Grandma's house. I tried the $20 trick and it did not work! Ha I put $20 in between my credit card and ID and asked if there were any complimentary upgrades available. The man said well you can upgrade your room for a fee and then handed my $20 back and said I could give him that as a tip afterwards. So I said no thanks. Also, there is someone trying to sell you something every 30 feet! It became unbearable to simply walk in and out of the hotel! And our $20 drink and food credit was only available to use at the bar or the incredibly overpriced steakhouse. There's also no wifi anywhere! What kind of a Vegas hotel doesn't have wifi in 2014! Overall, just a bad experience.
3	I have yet to stay here, I stayed across the bridge at the Luxor Hotel & Casino. But I'm here to review Excalibur Just by spending time in the Hotel/casino. When you first walk in to the hotel/Casino you get a overwhelming smell of smoke, which is obviously what to expect in a casino. .BUT it was extremely hard to breather, it was very stuffy. They need more ventilation. The selection of gambling choices is very nice, better than the Luxor I must say. && for FOOD there is a huge selection of different foods to choose from. I probably would not stay here though, due to the fact I had a hard time Breathing.
3	YELP! I really wish I could give 2.5 stars on this one. Let me start by saying that for the time period I was staying for work. Previous years for the same trip I had stayed at the Luxor (feel free to check out my review of that dump) but this year the Luxor was about $200 more than the Excalibur... so I had no choice. I have stayed at 5 various Vegas hotels and the clientele here is... interesting... dirty... smokey... not my type. Some great people watching for sure - but where in Vegas isn't!?Of all the casinos I've stayed in, walked through, gambled at... this was the smokiest I'd ever encountered. Grossed me out. Thankfully I got a non smoking room and the rooms were QUIET! This was a welcome surprise considering the walls were so thin at the Luxor I could hear EVERYTHING going on in the neighbors place. I got stuck with a 2 queen room rather than a king, so that was also a bummer. Oh and the view...or lack of a view I guess. I was looking right out into the rooftop airconditioning units. there was an old beat up chair on the rooftop that moved every night. I started to wonder if they were filming the next installment of the Hangover there. Mostly everything in the hotel is outdated (rooms, games, carpet) and not anything that truly appealed to me restaurant wise. I did spend time at the pool which was fine. It was day 2 of pool season so might have been cold for some people but I was ready to feel some sun after a harsh midwest winter so I enjoyed a beer or 3 out there. Overall though, I mean, I got decent sleep, the hotel was easy to navigate, the staff was nice when I encountered them and I had no true problems, so I can't give less than 3 stars on this one.
4	I had stayed at the Excalibur from 5/13/14-5/19/14 and everything was great. I had booked it for the great price but was somewhat hesitant due to bad reviews. I had gone to check in around 5-5:30 and had a wonderful customer service experience with a young man named Alex. (***Management please note***: I had asked him for a last initial to give him the credit he deserves - I review everywhere I go - but wouldn't give it to me and stated that was not necessary he just wanted me to be happy. Please give him credit if possible for doing a fantastic job!!) He was beyond friendly and made sure that I had everything that I had asked for accommodation wise!!!To make this review easier here is a list of them at this hotel:Room- We had stayed in a tower 2 room which was very nice (I did not see the tower 1 rooms during my stay so I cannot comment on them). Clean, comfortable beds (a little firm but did not bother me.) Stand up shower - no tub. No problem whatsoever with the room. I wish they had a fridge/full length mirror but other wise no complaints.Pool- Very nice. Much nicer than most other Vegas hotels I've stayed at. I was always able to find a seat and they played good music.Restaurants- I did not eat at any sit down places here but not because I wouldn't but because I prefer to spend my money on other things than restaurants. I had ate at Baja Fresh a few times and it was excellent. They also have a "mall like" food court located upstairs that has several options. I did have a drink at Buca di Beppo (italian sit down) where the food looked delicious from what I saw.Casino- A bit dated compared to others but suitable. I'm not much of a gambler though except a few slots here. Also I noticed in quite a few reviews that everyone had complaints about the "smell" in the casino. While I did notice this smell it was no more overbearing than any other time you walk into a casino/hotel that has a particular scent. Unnoticeable by the time you kept walking in further.Employees- Every one was always very friendly from check in to bell hop to maintenance to bartenders to pool staff.to when I was checking out.Location- South end of strip but still walking distance to all. I've usually stayed more center strip but didn't have any complaints. Easy pedestrian access to NYNY & MGM. Free tram to Luxor & Mandalay Bay along with indoor walkways.I had also seen Thunder from down under (which I will review seperately) but had a great time. Definitely worth it if you're looking for a fun, easy, girls night out and you've never seen it before.All in all I will definitely return to the Excalibur, between the excellent customer service to it being the cheapest resort hotel on the strip, I have no complaints!!!
1	My husband and I were just there over the Memorial day Weekend.... was the worst experience..... we were put in a room looking a walls, and we were told it was an upgrade??? and the beds were harder than rocks..... The hotel was noisy and not very clean..... and the people that try to get you to do the shows..... they are the most unprofessional dishonest people They should not be there they are really running people away.... as far as playing your machines the waitresses were no where to be found.... We did have a great time in Vegas however we will NEVER return to the Excalibur.........
2	Was at the Excalibur for Memorial day weekend (5 days total). Check in easy enough, however we were told we were getting a free upgrade! Lol carpet stained, smelled bad, beds were hard as rocks! Could have sworn it was a box spring. Sheets and pillows were filthy stained as well as the towels.  View was of the roof. Staff still enters room with privacy tag up to change linens with more stained linens. And no wi-fi had to hit up starbucks to get a signal. Who doesn't have wi-fi? Everywhere else had wi-fi.    Leavin tower every day we were harassed by people trying to sell time shares and dicount show tickets that were crap. (They say free but they are not.) Big scam. Every day it was same people and same pitch. Unrelenting     We did breakfast buffet,  unimpressive. And way overpriced. Had upset stomach the entire day after eating that food. It was all bland. Would have been better off eating mcdonalds every day.          Gambling in Excalibur cocktail waitresses we're non existent,  but when you got one they were abrasive and by comparison of the other casinos very old and unattractive and rude to match.      The large pool was closed all but one day! But they kept the adult pool that you have to pay $10+ to get into open with 3 patrons (4 lifeguards). I would say bad idea. Drinks were super expensive bring at least $40 cash with you to drink at the pool.      I will probably never stay at the Excalibur again it is out dated and under staffed to keep up on the hotel and casino. This will contribute to further deterioration of the casino. (Resort fee?) Ha what resort? Small uprade to motel 6 but with a casino inside.
3	We only came for a show but you can tell it's an older hotel and could use some updating. It just seemed cheesy and out dated...would never stay here willingly.
2	Excalibur Hotel is a giant, cheap motel. I have never stayed in any hotel / motel without a coffee maker! What kinda cheap spit is that?! The place wasn't exactly filthy, but it also didn't feel or smell clean. The temperature of the room was either really hot or really cold. The thermostat didn't do an actual, comfortable temperature. The bathrooms are also only okay.  Oh, yeah, no free wi-fi, even though it is the year 2014.   This place is cheap. That is the best thing about it. I would not likely come here again.
3	I've stayed her a couple times as a kid so I decided for a weekend trip (5/30/14-6/1/14) I'd go somewhere I trust. The rooms are not bad in tower one. I did not smell cigarette smoke in the rooms (perhaps I was already adjusted to the smell from the casino floor). The beds were super comfy with nice fluffy pillows. It was a bit tricky figuring out the maze of  th ehotel and all the different entrances/exits. Parking sucks unless you're in tower two where there is a convenient parking structure outside of it. The pools were very nice, overall pretty clean, staff was either very friendly or very rude. I got carded more to play cards than to drink.  I'd advise you to use your own towels in the pool. The decor is cheesy, but what did you expect? Its' the Excalibur and I'm all about the cheese factor. The best part is is that if you don't like the decor, the casino, the restaurants inside the Excalibur but want a cheap place to sleep after partying all night there are about 20 other hotels/casinos to go spend all your money in. Bottom line this place gets a 3-star because it's very average, there was no above and beyond I encountered enough rude staff to negate the friendly staff but I would stay here again, probably.
1	Worst hotel to stay in period..... It's not safe. They've had 3 different shootings at this casino in the past 2 years and last week they had a fire and has to evacuate and not let guests inside the casino.
3	This hotel is pretty outdated. When I went in the month of May, the women's restroom was under construction and I had to walk all the way back to my room! There was no view from my room. All I got to see were vents and walls and dirt. The pool was acceptable. The drinks were pretty overpriced, but it's Vegas. I suggest, when visiting Vegas bring a cooler and stuff it with drinks. It's way cheaper and convenient to have them there! And take lots of water bottles! One more thing!! WiFi is only available on the first floor and late check out is noon!!
3	My sister and I have never been to Vegas so we decided to take the trip together and make a long weekend of it.  She booked our room at the Excalibur Hotel and if we ever come back to Vegas we would most likely pick another hotel.  Not that the Excalibur was bad, the price was right and they are located conveniently at the end of the strip across from New York, NY and the MGM Grand.  They gave us a free upgrade to the newer remodeled tower two with a great view of the pool for free just for asking (thank you yelp tips).  I just think overall I would want to stay in a newer hotel that had more to offer like better rooms, pools and restaurants/bars. Still it's really not a bad choice if you just want a cheap, safe and clean hotel room on the strip with a decent pool area. The room that we had was really nice and very big.  The shower and bathroom were huge!  If you are in tower 1 the rooms are older and smaller.  One of the best things about staying in tower 2 other than the updated rooms is the fact that the elevator exits out right to the pool.  All we had to do was go downstairs and walk through a door and we were right there.  They also have a couple restaurants but nothing upscale and they have the Thunder from Down Under Australian strip show.  Otherwise the hotel was underwhelming.  Great I think if you have kids its seemed the hotel catered to families more than lets say Hard Rock would.
1	Came for the carnival games in the "dungeon."  Left within 10 minutes do to under staffing, multiple games being out of service and a thick cigarette smoke.
2	I booked this hotel for my brother as a birthday present. Long story short he came here, paid the upgrade and had sheets with dried blood on them nasty. I tried to reach house keeping could not, waited forty minutes on hold. Besides that I called and was only given a 30 dollar return. I think they should have also returned the resort fees, as the wifi had issues to and we needed it. I had to go to Luxor and login as a to access internet. Over all the arcade is cool, as is T. KIngs. Kids love that show way too much, heck even us adults do too. It saves you the trouble of rushing dinner to get to a show as it is a one stop event. The pools are the next best hong, nice, and no too crowded or dirty. Hated the staff, as not able to get assistance, and half are rude beyond anything I usually encountered. We love the food court, and the shops, as they are simple and not too overpriced.Would stay again, and hopefully get better service.
1	We waited 45 minutes in line to valet our car & then it took another hour in line to check in.....really
2	You get what you pay for here in Las Vegas! If you want high end and go stay at the Wynn or Venetian. That said the Excalibur is just a slightly bit better than Luxor which, when they first opened, was an incredible hotel.My last stay at Luxor was a couple of years ago was interesting because when I went into the room there was a body sized, maroon stain on the carpet. I went to the front desk to ask them if I  could please have a room that was not a murder scene. They said no and I left and went to Caesars.Everybody who comes to Vegas should band together and protest the "resort fee" bullshit. For $18 per night you get hard wired internet -not wifi; free faxes- who uses faxes anymore; oh yeah, a "free" local newspaper - we do something that has zero value to me anywhere I travel and I never even got thus.morning; and finally, let's not forget free access to the weight room!  Where else do you pay - in advance- for.stuff you don't want or use????   You can't just blame Excalibur. But I have no problem quickly blaming big holding companies like MGM who basically owns a third OR MORE of the strip now and can pretty much do anything they want. If enough people complained to the Federal Trade Commission maybe they will look into it as deceptive marketing. Which is exactly what it is.  They can put ad on TV and websites for.room rates but the resort fee is not reflected anywhere in the room rate.It is basically the same scenario as with the airlines who are going to be forced to disclose all of the fees in the total cost very soon. I have done my bitching to FTC and Nevada Gaming Commission...why not join me and hopefully someday, even if we don't save money at least we'll know how we're getting screwed with everything in one rate!
2	Meh is the best way to put it. We were lured out to this place because of a deal. Honestly, I would never pick Excalibur to stay at. The location is not ideal to me. I'd rather stay closer to city center and I'm willing to pay for it, but I guess the deal we were offered was too good to pass. Parking garage was small but there's plenty of outside parking, but who wants to leave their car out in the hot sun? A few times we just parked at New York New York and walked over. Check-in is 3pm but if you want to check in early it's $20 extra. Lame! At least the lady at the desk "upgraded" us for free. Wasn't really an upgrade, just a slightly larger room. The casino is old and dingy, but they have free classes to teach you how to play craps and black jack. We stayed on the non-smoking floor but it seems a few of the guests decided to ignore that fact. The AC worked but it was old and made a lot of noise. Some of our pillows were lumpy. Bathroom was alright, definitely old. Room had wired internet. The cable reached all the way to the table. It was slow but still glad to have internet! Overall, this place could use a remodel. The decor is worn and outdated, but they do try to keep everything as clean as possible. There are a lot of cheap eats within the hotel which is nice and convenient.
2	I stayed at Excalibur this past week for 2 days as a staycation for my children and I. They have always wanted to stay here because they wanted to "stay in a castle."  I was not that impressed.  It was disappointing because I stayed here probably 10 years ago and it was much better at that time.  I got a deal through their website for $35 a night which was nice but I definitely got what I paid for.  The rooms were pretty basic.  There were noticeable scratches all over the furniture and the bathroom floor had cracks and marks which wouldn't have been a big deal except there were very big and noticeable.  The nice thing for our room was that we had a big window that the kids could sit infront of and look across at the NY NY rollercoaster.  There was no WIFI which was thoroughly disappointing.  They have a cord if you want to connect a laptop but if you have an iPad...forget about it.  They have a decent kids arcade.  They also have a pool area that my kids enjoyed.  The area for the kids was 3-3.5 feet deep all across and there was a waterfall and small slide that my kids loved.  The hotel itself is like a maze which I didn't enjoy. They have a decent food court area upstairs along with other restaurants.  I think if you are looking for a basic room on the strip for a decent price then it's okay to stay here.  If you are looking for something really nice and comfortable and more aesthetic then go somewhere else on the strip.
3	Relative to surrounding resort hotels, Excalibur is square in the middle. It's not decrepit, but there's nothing exceptional about it. There's the usual array of slot machines, table games, and drink options. The presentation of everything everywhere, however, has the consistency of flat soda. Excalibur IS a hotel, is a casino, has an alright pool area, has some restaurants, but everything feels old, tired. Cheap.The theme itself never makes sense. Paris has croissants and coffee. The Venetian has exceptional Italian dining, gelato, street mimes, and a gondola! So come on Excalibur, where are the giant roast turkey legs? Where are the fair maidens in bustiers? How about some ponies, or court jesters?  Excalibur has none of that, though it should. There's no wifi in the hotel rooms, which is about as authentic to the period theme as things get here.Still, 3-stars it deserves. Staff were very good to me at check-in, helping me situate my room and the rest of our party in relative proximity to one another. The gym is clean and overlooks the pool, so you can ogle while being ogled. The casino stays pretty active up until around 3am'ish even on weeknights. This place is probably fine for families on a budget with low expectations. You will not be wow'ed here, though.
5	I'm giving it 5 stars because it was clean and I had no big complaints.. only annoying thing we're the people in the lobby asking you to sign up for things or asking if you want tickets. Other than that it was perfect. ASK for a complimentary upgrade and you will get it. I asked for me and our friends that came and they also got it. Also they have 4 pools and one is only open on the weekends. Another one you pay 10 bucks and it's for 18 and older I suggest to pay the 10 bucks so you don't have to deal with the crowding and little kids running around.
2	Poor poor Excalibur ... I bet at one time you were pretty cool ... but now you just smell like rotten eggs :/
3	We took the family there for a weekend of fun by the pool and the pool hours are not great. Not opening until 10 and 12 and closing at 7 was not what we were expecting.
3	Great budget hotel suitable for the ENTIRE FAMILY. ALSO PROBABLY THE CHEAPEST HOTEL ON THE STRIP, AND I'M NOT INCLUDING CIRCUS CIRCUS -- CIRCUS CIRCUS IS NOT REALLY ON THE STRIP DESPITE WHAT EVERYONE SAYS. IF YOU WANT IN ON ALL THE VEGAS ACTION, BUT ON A BUDGET, STAY AT EXCALIBUR. IT'S CONVENIENT. IT'S FUN. IT'S VEGAS.If you're in Vegas with the entire family and don't know how to split couple's time with kids' time, this hotel is the PERFECT solution. For the kids: Fun Dungeon, an arcade located at the basement of the hotel. Games range from ticket-winning-style to winner gets the stuffed animal style. There's ski ball, basketball hoops, lots of ring tosses, etc. Kids can probably spend the whole day there and alternate between the dungeon and laser tag.For the whole family, be sure to check out TOURNAMENT OF KINGS. If you're a medieval nerd, this will suit you as well.For the couples: Dick's Last Resort -- PLEASE DON'T BRING THE KIDS HERE, Lick Me -- it's a candy store, but there's plenty of sexual innuendo toys and candies here, so I doubt you'd want to go as a family, etc.
5	This hotel was new for me and my family,we parked right outside the front so we were excited by seeing the entrance we got everything and went inside,I know people say it smells like they put something in the air but it actually smelled fresh.We checked in and like we saw Dicks Last Resort and the kids playing area.We got in the rooms and we were surprised,very clean room I mean VERY.We didn't get a good view but it's okay. The bathroom was decent and pretty,the tv was good quality not like the blurry ones.The pool was big and great (The slide wasn't open cause it was in March).I love how the food there was like new cause in others hotels they just put something that's new and other food,the Pizza Hut,Mickey Ds and More ,we then got Frozen Yogurt yummy!My stay there was pleasant I plan staying there again some day.
4	I don't see why people give this hotel such bad ratings! To start off I stayed  here during my spring break, let's just say it was a last minute vacation ! Lol basically all the hotels were full ( which doesn't surprise me it's Vegas!) & over priced. So Excalibur it was! I came with the family & my friend.                       Check in was quick! Btw they have this really nice aroma when you enter! It smells really good haha. So then off we went to our room! It was clean & decent. The view? Eh it was bad we were just staring at the roof & well it wasn't such a big deal since we were gonna spend most of the time outside the room. Lights in the bathroom would suddenly turn off, so we called front desk & they got there pretty fast & repaired  it.The food court is awesome they have a variety of different foods! You have Mickey D's, Pizza Hut, Chinese food & much more. The pools are nice, they have a bar there! I believe there is 2 pools & a slide which wasn't open since I went during March. On our last day we decided we wanted to stay another night, front desk was super nice & said it was okay, we also mentioned about the view & said they would upgrade us to a room with a better view, but it never happend because the next day we were pretty lazy & were still sleeping lol but it was okay. Overall, it's not the fanciest hotel but it wow me ! Didn't expect it to be this nice (: !
2	Not impressed, staff was fine. The clincher is that they want to charge for everything, I asked about early check in of course for 20 dollars, even though the room was ready. Then we go to the pool and there is no where to sit  unless you rent chairs and umbrellas at a ridiculous price. Main pool did not open until noon, one pool has a charge just to use it. To bad they do not let you know about all these charges up front. the rooms were usable but the AC was loud and the floors had a horrible aroma. Drink prices were different every time you bought one.Will never go back.
4	Such friendly staff!  I figured they'd be sick and tired of tourists, but everyone proved me wrong.  Great security, clean rooms, good prices.  I highly recommend this hotel.
2	They gave us a room that smelled like someone threw up and they tried covering it up. When I brought it to the maids attention she acted like I was imagining it and it smelled fine as she was spraying some sort of chemical around the room to try and cover up the smell. I let it go thinking the smell would go away after a while. Lets just say when we returned to the room the smell was so bad I had to call the front desk. They eventually gave me a new room and it was fine. The rooms are all old but for the price I guess you cant complain. This hotel is right on the strip near the MGM. This hotel needs to updated for sure. The location is great though.
4	Room was clean and comfortable. Very nice for the price. There did not seem to be away to unload at the front door without paying for valet, so we had to walk a good distance with our bags. Also, this hotel is at one end of the strip, so be prepared to do some walking to get to many of the other places.
3	So just stayed at the Excalibur for 5 nights with my SO and a few friends and for the most part it was a positive experience. Check it went very smooth, the room was clean, up to our standards, and all the staff were very friendly. I also really appreciate the good selection of inexpensive places to eat in the food court.We were in town for an event called EDC which brings tons of people to Las Vegas for about a week (150,000+ peak). It's a younger budget minded crowd so this place has a lot of guests. With that considered parking was horrible here. I spent around 45 minutes looking for a spot one morning after the event. This was by far the most inconvenient thing we had to deal with during our stay here. I'm sure it's much better when the hotel isn't so full with so many people driving vs flying.I love the location and convenience of this hotel and definitely felt it was a good value. I will probably end up staying here again though I may reconsider if coming for EDC because of the parking situation. That's the only reason I didn't give the place 4 stars.
4	Nice hotel, love there food court it has so many options for the whole family. So you don't have to always eat the same thing well your there and it has plenty of the favorites that your used to as well as many new things. Love that they have so many entrances and exits threw out the casino so its not hard to get out or your not walking to the other side of the casino just to exit. For the most part they have very friendly staff. They have a nice pool area its pretty family friendly even though it is a casino. Overall it was an ok experience.
3	We stayed at Excalibur during a convention.  It is a cheap hotel.  4 nights $277 plus $80 for resort fees- in the heat of summer.  You get what you pay for.  The staff is polite.  We did have 2 people at the Business Center desk who went above and beyond to help us.  Check in was fast but not very friendly, just polite.  The people at the doors selling tickets to shows are aggressive!  We learned to just say "Conference" and they left us alone.The hotel itself is a bit run down and needs a remodel, but everything works.  The water pressure on the 14th floor is not great and the toilet looks like it is going to overflow every flush.  The AC worked really well and yes, it was a little noisy, but that was a plus in drowning out the traffic.The pools were nice and there is a bar/restaurant there.  There were 3 pools and lots of children.  It was not super busy, so we had no problem getting chairs.  But the pools close earlyLocation is okay, depending on what you want to do.  If you are here for a convention at the Las Vegas Convention Center, stay somewhere else.  There is a free tram between Luxor-Excalibur-Mandalay Bay.  It is an easy walk to New York New York.Wireless is in the public areas but in the room, its wired.  That means a slower connection and you must have a laptop to plug in.  It has the modem plug.The buffet is okay= $23.  If you have the energy, I would suggest going over to the Luxor buffet  It is much better.  The buffet is over at 10pm.  You can eat on the cheap at the fast food restaurants- McDonald's, Pick Up Stix; Hot Dog on a Stick; Pizza Hut; Baja Fresh and a couple of others.  Johnny Rockets is also here.It was worth it to me to use the free valet service.  For a few bucks- your car gets parked in the shade and is brought back to you.  Love it!
2	We came here on a one night staycation because of a deal. The is actually ok, has a separate litte area for dining. But they stop serving at 2pm! What the hell is that. I've never been to a hotel that doesn't serve past 2pm. Maybe 2am but especially in Vegas it should be like most of the other hotels and 24/7 that shit!
2	Staff when checking in were super friendly and very nice. Kudos to them! Price was "okay" so we don't expect a whole lot, but still... mold on the bathroom walls, had to call housekeeping twice for extra towels (waited 5 hours), game room for kids is outdated and BORING!, tv picture quality sucked, no room service menu, accosted at every corner by people trying to get us to sign up for something, trash in the hall ways... Starbucks was cool and made me happy. And I won like 6 bucks at video poker. Just whatever you do, spend the extra money and stay elsewhere cos this place has become rather disappointing.
1	This place smells like shit and cigarettes! Its like a ghetto disneyland for adults! Food is a rip off and they don't even have room service for dinner. The only good thing was the price but i will defiantly never stay there again!
1	I love MGM properties, but this place is garbage! My sister and I had a two night comped stay through MGM's app called myVegas slots where you can earn loyalty points to purchase various comps like free rooms food ect... We booked a double queen smoking room. They put us in a non smoking room. When we called to get a room change, it took 25 minutes for the bell man to arrive. (Which cut into some serious drinking time) When we arrived to our second room, the window was covered in graffiti! How can you miss that?!? The house keeper threw my $500 prada sunglasses on the floor so that he could climb on to the table to clean it! When we told our story to the front desk manager, she lied to us about the buffet comps she gave us... so we got screwed out of that too! We were playing at a slot machine and got ignored by two cocktail waitresses. We finally got a hold of one and she was one of the rudest people I have ever met! Pointing at me like I was some dumb 21 y/o that wasn't going to tip her... Forget this place and stay at the tropicana!
2	my best friend and I decided to stay here on our first ever trip to vegas, WHAT a terrible experience!!! our room was filthy, the bathroom seemed like it hadnt been cleaned at all! we called guest services to have them be very rude, then we got the front desk who said they would upgrade us to another room who took probably 30 minutes for the bell man to show up! we finally get to the second room and the key has to be inserted several times to open the door,which was sticking!! after all that we were starved(and in a hurry to get food) we hurriedly went to the food court but the forgot our room number, so we called the front desk asking them to confirm for us,they wanted us to come all the way down to show id just get our room number, we put up a fuss so were put on hold for a manager who simply confirmed info over the phone!! whew! after all that we finally ate, took a nap and didnt get to enjoy our first night in town!!would never stay here again.
4	got to admit, I really thought the worst of this place when we were pulling up to valet and find that it was full. We drove around in circles trying to find a nearby parking because we really didn't feel like walking around with that much luggage; we finally parked in the parking structure. It was a drag carrying all that luggage all the way to check in. We ended up getting a room in tower one, which is a regular room. I was surprised to see that the room was really nice. I like the fact that it has a shower instead of a bathtub and the bed was SUPER fluffy and big. The rest of our family got upgraded and the rooms did look nicer due to the decorating, but the beds were way more firm. I definitely liked this room better than when we stayed at The Quad. If we come back here again, I'm definitely not taking the free upgrade due to the firmness  of the bed, unless it's a suite.
2	Excalibur is a relatively inexpensive hotel in comparison to other hotels on The Strip. There are two hotel towers. Tower 2 is preferable as it is the tower that is renovated while Tower 1 is not. It is not like you are going to stay in the room that long. It is interesting that Excalibur charges a tax inclusive daily resort fee of $20.16. However, the higher end hotels also charge equivalent amounts so I don't really understand why they charge so much for the resort fee. Also, I was somewhat annoyed that they charged an early check in fee. You cannot check into the hotel until 3pm. I know that some other hotels on the strip do not charge an early check in fee.The good thing about Excalibur is that they have a food court that won't break your pocket book. Even though most of it is fast food, at least you know how much it will cost you. They have a McDonalds, Pick up Stix, Baja Fresh, Johnny Rockets, Buca di Peppo, etc.Excalibur is so convenient that you can have a wedding on the property at their wedding chapel. If you need a no frills place to stay without breaking your pocketbook, Excalibur is a reasonable place to stay, especially if you are able to get accommodations in Tower 2.
2	I'll give it two stars because I kept winning in the casino but PLEASE just gut this hotel and start over. ;/  Ok fine, it was cheap... but honestly just a little more money could of gotten me a nicer stay at Luxor and even the Luxor rooms aren't that nice. Skip a meal or two, bring your own drinks and spend the money to stay at a nicer MGM property.
4	Excalibur very pleasantly surprised me!I hadn't stayed with them in over a decade, but a comped room and buffet thanks to my aggressive MyVegas slot and blackjack play (http://myvegas.com/) recently brought me back.  I don't know if all rooms are like the one I got (I think I was upgraded 1 level from the bottom), but mine was very obviously completely renovated, and super clean.As an MGM Pearl card holder (2nd tier players card), I was able to skip the check in lines.  This is a pretty nice perk, as I believe it's usually Gold (3rd tier) and above that get that benefit at other MGM resorts.The buffet surprised me as well..  I mean, the last two proceeding buffets I've had recently were Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon, and of course it's not like those.  But at a fraction of the price, and the fact that it has improved greatly from my last time having it, I'd definitely recommend.Excalibur is currently slightly cheaper but in better shape than Luxor.  If you're going to Vegas on a budget but want some decent quality, definitely consider Excalibur!PS - The resort fee is currently about 20 bucks.
1	The worst hotel I've ever stayed!!!!!Me and my friend lost our luggages when we stayed in Excalibur hotel! Out whole luggage was gone inside has my new purchased Chanel bag and all our clothes, shoes, camera, iPad, cosmetics...We left the hotel at 5:45 in the morning and when we came back at 4:30pm, everything was gone except our slippers! The security guy said someone opened our door 4 times use the key card! But Excalibur said they are not responsible and we can't check the security camera! They say they will investigate, but after we leave no one called us! And no one mentioned to compensate us! Can't believe such a big hotel can even find out about who took our luggages and left the hotel!!!
3	This isn't the ideal place to stay for people my age because this place is ancient compared to the more happening places on the strip, but there's a lot of value in Excalibur's low price-per-night establishment.As an Mlife member, I absolutely have to stay at an MGM-operated resort while in I'm in Vegas, but because I was here for business, I needed to keep costs low, and I was luckily able to secure some rooms for around $30 a night--again, not bad for a strip hotel.  Through some sweet talk, I was able to upgrade my room two tiers for free, but there really isn't all that big a difference with them.  Tower 2 has better views than Tower 1, and that's really all I can think about it.My biggest gripe with Excalibur is that there's no Wi-Fi here (yet), so that prevented me from getting any work done in my hotel room.The gambling here is so-so.  I like that the craps table (the minimum actually goes as low as $5) has all the bonus bets that the MGM Grand has, and I noticed that it's pretty much like that for all craps tables operated by MGM.  When I lose I normally bet at another casino, as long as it's an MGM one, and that strategy has been working.  Excalibur is within walking distance to Luxor, Mandalay Bay, New York New York, Monte Carlo, and the MGM Grand, so it's easy to stay within the mLife confines.But what really gives this place its value is the fact that it has its own food court, and places like McDonalds are open 24/7, so yes, it's the perfect time to stock up on Spicy McChickens when things aren't going your way.Plus they have Dick's Last Resort!  Never tried it yet, but I felt that was worth mentioning.  Excalibur isn't a bad last resort if your wallet's shy.
4	Four stars because they showed us love during a hard time. Father was at a local hospital for about two weeks, told the representatives about our situation and they helped get us the best rates possible. I can't speak on any other yelpers' experiences of this place but mine. Room was acceptable. Nice gym and spa. Cool pool for the kids. Food just downstairs. Security guards a little too excited about their jobs if you know what I mean. Place is a little aged so of course it's gonna show, I think it's as old as I am (30). You get what you pay for, so if your a yuppie take you tail to the Wynn or cosmopolitan, that's if your willing to spend a pretty Penny. Otherwise have some realistic expectations and this place might impress you.
4	Peaceful weekend and my room was very clean. Excalibur has made some room upgrades. Not too pricey depending on when you book your room. Excalibur is in the heart of the strip and take advantage of the monorail to different casinos.
4	Let me start by saying, nobody should stay at Excalibur and expect a Bellagio or Wynn type of experience.  I would wager that people who post the most favorable reviews of Excalibur began their stay with an expectation of a Motel 6 type of experience.  People who post the worst reviews may have genuinely had a bad experiences, but some could just have some up tight ideosyncracies.  My advice to anyone is READ THE REVIEWS.  I wanted a cheap, clean room without any frills and that's what I got; AND Excalibur has a great location on the Southern end of the strip.  TIP:  When booking ANY hotel room during a Las Vegas summer, ask that a "note" be put in the reservation requesting a Northward-facing room.  Remember, the Sun rises in the East, sets in the West and the last thing you want is a room that is facing the afternoon Sun.  A room facing the North will always be easier to cool in the summer.  It's all subject to the architecture of the hotel, but generally the order of preference is North, East (by noon the sun will be over the hotel and out of your window), South (true South rooms may catch some angle of the sun during the entire day) and lastly West.Now I always make it a point when dealing with the front desk person at check-in is to kill them with kindness.  Remember, they have probably checked in over 50 people by the time that they've gotten to you.  So if you seem laid-back, make a few jokes and smile, you'd be surprised how willing the front desk person will be willing to make a last minute change or even give you a free upgrade.  Sometimes it works, sometimes not.  But it never hurts to help them help YOU.   TIP:  There is a coupon book that EVERYONE gets when checking in at Excalibur.  This book includes a $20 food & beverage credit coupon.  Be wary when booking a deal at Excalibur that mentions a free $20 F & B credit; since everyone receives this at check in try to find a deal that simply offers a better rate.  You'll get the coupon book anyways.There's been a lot of talk in these reviews about staying in Tower 2 for a better, cleaner, more modern room.  I decided to roll the dice and book the cheaper Tower 1 room; I always had the option to switch/upgrade later on if I didn't like how the room looked.The tower 1 room was clean - no smells or odors.  The bed sheets were really white...I'm talkin' either brand new or bleached well.  And they felt as if they had a pretty good thread-count (for those who are into that sort of thing).  No matter what hotel I stay in, I always undo the bedsheets to check for signs of bedbugs - mattress was all clear.  The bathroom was clean - no residue, mold, etc. in the shower or sink.  I will say that the fan vent in the bathroom looked kind of grungy, but that appeared to be the only issue with the room.  TIP:  As for the wired internet, I planned ahead and packed an extra length of 10/100 ethernet cable & coupler so that I could plug in my laptop and lie on the bed.  The casino was fun!  Sure it smelled like smoke, but what casino doesn't.  If you've been curious, but intimidated by Craps, check out the 12 Noon craps class.  Sometimes after the craps class has ended they occasionally offer $3 minimum bets for the first hour!Overall, I had a really good stay at Excalibur in a tower 1 room, but it must really be luck when booking here.  One afternoon, I overheard my neighbor who was coming out of his room and discussing his stay; he stated unequivocally that he "was never staying here again."  And this was the room right next to mine!  No rhyme.  No reason.  I didn't ask him to clarify, but he was adamant.  I just don't understand why I had such a positive experience and he didn't.  My final advice to anyone is to just set proper expectations; think of Excalibur like it's Motel 6 with a casino and you will have a blast!
1	Boop
3	I just got back from Vegas today. I ended up staying at Excalibur again. I don't have anything against this place it's just been like my 3-4 time in 2 years lol. My boyfriend and I planned on a last minute bday trip to Vegas and Excalibur had the cheapest price for a hotel that's not the best but decent enough for us to sleep since we 're not going to be in the room that much.  I also like Excalibur because it's attached to Luxor and Mandalay bay. I think staying in one of these hotels is perfect  when it's 100 degrees out.  You can walk through the hotels without stepping out in the sun.My boyfriend and I were playing on a slot machine waiting to order drinks and 4 different drink servers passed by saying they can't take our orders it's not there section.  etc.. So is anyone working that section? Does anyone work there? Went to the lack jack tables and still no cocktail services .. Horrible. But yea, it's not that bad of a place if you just need a decent place to sleep for a cheap price.
2	This was the first stop on a week long vacation. We chose the Excalibur because it was cheap. We paid $50 and $20 was comped back to us. We used the $20 to buy two of the worst Midori Sours we've ever had.The room itself was clean and comfortable. We couldn't have really asked for any more in that department.The worst part of the stay was the salespeople that the hotel had strategically placed at the entrance to the hotel rooms and food court. We fell for the pick up line once..."is this your last night? Where are you from?" When we stopped to talk we were given the hard sell. After that we were forced to be rude to everyone else that gave us the same line. I was just think 'I'm hungry or I'd like to go to my room. Leave me alone.'The lack of wifi in the room was another huge turn off. You could hard wire your computer in to access the internet but you can't use an iPad or phone to access it. What an inconvenience.The Excalibur is definitely a no frills hotel. The old addage is true...you get what you pay for.
3	Decent budget/economy hotel/casino with some pluses and minuses.They do have nice rooms, but you get what you pay for, newer renovated rooms are in Tower II, Tower I still has un renovated rooms but all units have updated flat screens.This is a good location if you need to keep costs low, you can get rooms as low as $20-30 a night, plus the $20 resort fee.The location is good, easy to find free parking and valet (don't forget to tip the valet) if you use a rental car, plus its connected to New York New York, MGM Grand, Luxor and Mandlelay Bay via the tram or a short walk. This can be also a negative as you have lots of foot traffic breezing through the casino.If you are on a budget, there's an AM/PM across the Tower I exit on Las Vegas Blvd where you can get a cheap cooler, and drinks for the room. Plus there is a large food court with all sorts of chains inside offering cheap eating options if that is a concern [and as a bit of trivia, the Excalibur has one of the two Mc Donalds locations in the world that serves pepsi products instead of Coca Cola].In Vegas I did my usual clean sweep with my room, keeping my luggage sealed in the bathroom while I turned over furniture, pulled out cushions, pulled all the sheets off the beds, looked under and in between the mattress and piping/stitching, etc. It's a 30 minute ritual, but I hate bed bugs, and while my room as dated, it was.. very clean, I slept well for a week there.Bathroom was basic, no tubs, just a large walk in shower.The internet sucks, wired only in tower I. Not sure about tower II, there is wifi on the casino floor in spots.Pool is ok, 3 pools, a shallow pool, a large landscaped pool with a waterslide and an adults only [$10] pool area. Cabanas range from 150-300$ when I last checked, its worth it if you have a huge group that can split the bill and catch a big game and get a few free drinks and snacks, etc.The spa and gym are nice... not huge but decent enough in size to get a workout done. I believe the gym is covered with the resort fee, however the spa does cost $10, which you get steam rooms, a sauna, hot tub with a relaxation room with free drinks and juice and toiletries so you can shave/brush your teeth, etc.Dicks was humorous.. the gimick of the bar is that the wait staff is susposed to be a bit rowdy and off color with their jokes and humor, don't go there with thin skin. I'd watch getting generic cocktails.. there is value to be had with some drinks but not others, one of my party got nailed $22 for 2 tiny rum and cokes in a little plastic cup. Food was decent.You also have an italian restaurant there with large family style portions to share, a below average hotel buffet, an average steakhouse and a few bars and lounges.Basically its... "OK".As for the general feel... remember the end of the movie Casino? Everyone looks like they are at disneyland. Fun to people watch if you get a good spot.
3	Very fun hotel to stay at. It's like a giant Medieval Times. The rooms are pretty standard. This place hosts the dinner and tournament in their lower level. A good time was had by all. I think this would be a better choice for people traveling with kids. Also must try their goblets! Refills are cheaper if you buy the souvenir goblet.
2	So disappointed because we stayed at Excalibur last year and loved it. This year was a little different and we probably won't be back.Ok it's a very good price for a strip hotel and the location is great. It's an older hotel but that's never bothered me. Our big draw cards coming here were the location, the price and the pool. Last year they had an adults only pool where you could drink, smoke and generally not be disturbed by those under 18 (which, staying at a themed hotel like this, is harder to avoid).So imagine our disgust when we get to the pool on our first day of ten and discover it now costs $10 a day to use the adult pool!! This is nothing more than blatant money grabbing, and left such a sour taste in our mouths. Coupled with the resort fees that don't even cover wifi in the rooms and pushy sales people at the entrances, we were extremely disappointed.I mean really, I know the sales people are only doing a job, but one night my friends and I were struggling down to our rooms after being at the supermarket LOADED with heavy pallets of water and food, and one of those people tried to stop us...I snapped at her "Are you serious?!" A little logic goes a long way!So unfortunately for our yearly trip to Vegas we will now have to look elsewhere. It's a good basic hotel if you just need somewhere to sleep, but for our 10 days it was too long without a decent pool area and being hassled by the sales guys every day.
4	It was a fun place check in took a while but staff are pretty friendly service was good food was awesome can't wait to go back
4	Didn't get a chance to stay here but I did play here!  Some of the friendliest blackjack dealers I have played with.  Makes a big difference.  3/2 blackjack is important to anyone who is series about the game.  Good food choices, friendly service people, clean casino.  Connected to New York New York via walkway.  I will play here again.
1	Never again.I had stayed here a couple of times previously which were mediocre, but not really bad.  The last time I stayed for business with coworkers, and after checking into my room I went to the restroom and found feces still splattered on the outside of the toilet bowl.  If something as blatant as this wasn't cleaned prior to check-in then I am terrified to consider what else remains unsanitary.Even worse I was sent a survey following my visit in which I detailed my experience.  Have never received a word of feedback from the hotel.  What exactly is the point of asking for a survey from guests if you don't acknowledge them when they place a complaint?
3	Excalibur is the "bang for your dollar" hotel located on the strip. It's not the nicest looking, doesn't have the most amenities or the most up to date decor.It gives you the opportunity to be on the Vegas strip at a cheaper price compared to other hotels. If you come with kids or have a big family you are traveling with then Excalibur will offer you value in staying in Vegas.I had a bad experience with my check in where I was offered a free upgrade offering the pool view and adjacent rooms where we could open the doors to each other's rooms. Neither of those happened and we were too exhausted from the drive to complain or change rooms. The pool was great for the kids. They have a single slide there for kids and adults. They have a VIP pool as well. Drinks are expensive, as you would probably imagine. We ordered a bucket with 5 beers and it cost $30.I would stay here again and here is why: I come here to walk around Vegas, not sit in my room. I don't care to pay for an expensive hotel that I come to sleep in.
2	Stayed here with my family last weekend and don't really have anything too exciting to add. The rooms were ok but could of been a little cleaner. The shower had a lot of soap scum on it and there was a black pube lying on the floor outside the shower door. The molding was coming off along the bottom of the wall just outside the bathroom. It was just ok, not a whole lot to do in the hotel except dodge the sales people trying to sell you shows every time you turn around. We did enjoy Buca's Italian Restaurant except it cost us a fortune to eat there. Will probably stay somewhere else if we visit again.
3	The first day I arrived I was told that there weren't any two queen size beds available in non smoking. I had to take the king size bed and a roll away bed for the first night. The room was clean but was very noisy due to ac.  I had to call the next day to see if there were any rooms available and was able to move to a better location in the tower overlooking the strip. The hotel has very old decor and its at the end of the strip. It was away from everything and no parking at night. I was told there would be free drinks if I gambled but no one came to take our drink order. At the rio I got drinks left and right for free. I just had to tip. There are too many younger kids running around the casino. I wouldn't stay here again.
1	The Walmart of Las Vegas hotels. You get what you pay for. Very basic rooms. Pool is like a public pool.
3	"Outdated Medieval Casino/Hotel"I will have to say that the outside castle and Medieval times theme from the outside of the hotel can surely attract one with a curious mind inside. They have a bit of rennovating to do and if you have kids I guess the shows they offer here are cute.
3	This is a review for the hotel portion, and a bit of the casino. A friend and I stayed here for a few days in Vegas, mainly because the price was really low. I'd been to the casino in Excalibur before so I knew we weren't staying in the ghetto or anything. The hotel is okay, it's pretty old and dated, but chances are you're not coming to Vegas to spend all day at the hotel. I was a bit suprised how normal looking our room was, no cheesy knight in shining armour statue or King Arthur quote on the wall. It looked like a regular hotel room, so if you want something really themey in your hotel Excalibur isn't the place. Then again I don't know if any of the other hotels are any different. One thing that was really frustrating about this hotel (and I'm sure most of the hotels on the strip do this) was the fact you couldn't get wifi in the rooms. You had to go down to the casino (and not just to the food court, but to the casino) to get onto the wifi, and then it would kick you off after about 10 seconds. I'm not super hooked up to my ipod (I didn't have a smartphone so I need to use wifi), but I wanted to be able to check in at home and let me family know I wasn't dead and such. Excalibur is on the far southside of the strip, so bonus is you're pretty close to the airport, but you're far from some of the other hotels. If you want to go to Mandalay Bay or Luxor there is a free tram that was pretty handy (although finding the pickup and drop off spot at first was a bit difficult). The bus stop for the strip bus and the bus to the outlet malls is pretty close by. There's a weird smell, kind of perfumey and musty in the hotel room we were in, which was a bit off putting. The food court isn't big, but I liked that some of the restaurants we opened pretty late. The casino itself looks like every other casino in Vegas, except Excalibur has a Medieval theme going on. Still if you've seen one casino in Vegas you've pretty much seen them all (except some of the ones on Freemont  still take coins). This was my second time in Vegas and if I ever go back I'd stay off the strip and try to explore other areas, but I don't regret going to Excalibur. If you're looking for a no-frill hotel on the strip this will do fine.
4	Good price it's on the strip and they upgraded the looks of the hallways and rooms it looks a lot better and cleaner
3	Excalibur used to be my go to place to stay while in sin city, but maybe not so much anymore. It's on the strip where I can access anything and lots of places/things are within walking distance. Sadly, the mega resorts have left this one in the dust. The rooms need a serious remodel or upgrades but then again, once that happens, the rates will go way up. It is still budget friendly and offers lots to do and eat without having to leave the castle.  The coupon book sucked this last time I was there. I found not a single coupon I could use. I don't want BOGO, I want FREE. Not even a free drink, damn. Not the best place to rest your head but not the worst either.
4	Love the price and location of this place.  The look is amazing and the stand up showers are plenty big for two :)
3	Its nothing fancy and the tower 1 is gross but the tower 2 is more contemporary and smells clean. We were upgraded from tower 1 to tower 2 after our toilet wouldn't flush and overflowed with a piece of tissue 5 minutes after getting settled into our room. Floor 23 room 221 has the most amazing view of NYNY and the strip especially all lit up at night, I'd ask for that room again. Housekeeping was a bust, never cleaned even with the sign on the door but it wasn't a deal breaker. Beds were comfy, atmosphere was cool downside was wayyyyy too many families with kids staying there, its Vegas people leave the kids at home or go to a real family vacation location because Vegas is not it.Location on the strip and cost is what made the experience not totally bad but I probably would head next-door to the Luxor or Mandalay Bay to stay on our next trip better food, cleaner, little to no kids, looser tables and machines plus not as many "can I sign you up" vultures.Overall not bad.
4	Been to Vegas 3x on vacation with the Kids and Grand kids!  If you have kids this place is alot of fun..   They have an arcade lots of shops and food court.  They are kid friendly.  the gaming floor was loud and lots of action.  the cocktail waitresses were nice and always their refilling our drinks.  The pool was fun and clean and the kids enjoyed it.  We walked back and forth to the New York New York they can ride the roller coaster...  Parking is easy location at the beginning of the strip good if you got a car and going to drive around don't have to deal with the strip traffic but a bummer if you want to go to the middle of the strip its a little ways down but we survived.
3	Was not too bad for the price!! Im very disappointed with NOBODY acknowledging my complaints i made 3 times !!!!! Until the day i was checking out !! And even when i made the last complaint i was told "we will check it out"  That is total bs !! And the wifi sucked , yet they charge a resort fee for internet  yet u cant even make a call home ... I know you are not always in the room but still !! Only upside to all of it was the food court was cool , plenty of choices and they were open late
4	Stayed for 1 night on a Tuesday. Purchase the cheapest price hotel room on their website.Arrived at the hotel there was plenty of parking. Check-in line was big but fast and friendly servive. Stayed at Tower 1 in the 17th floor. The pool was the reason why I stayed in this hotel it had a water slide and it was kid friendly hotel. Went in the pool and they had plenty of pools for a big crowed.My daughter love the water slide.They open the water slide pool late and close it early.The room wasnt the greatest but what do you expect when you pay the lowest room. Some people expect a 5 star hotel when they purchase a cheap deal. They had a game room for kids and games were fun and cheap not over price. They had all type of food in the hotel from Johnny Rockets,McDonalds, Popeyes and fast food. Great for when you are on a budget. On the night we stayed the fire alarm went off in the building at 2:30 am. It happens from time to time someone pulls the fire alarm. Check out was Super easy quick. Pros: Kid Friendly HotelArcade3 PoolsFast FoodCheap
1	This place has really gone downhill since I last stayed here. The safe in the room did not work. They only provided three bath towels. The room looked dim and dingy.  It does not feel clean at all. Will not stay here again.  The resort fee is a joke.  I thought we were going to have free Wi-Fi, bathrobes, And a newspaper in the morning. Nope! You can't even pay for Wi-Fi in the rooms.
2	We have been VIP guest for 10 yrs.  We are finished with this place. Our comps have dwindled down to nothing .  We are big gamblers and didn't win a penny.  We rented an umbrella space at the pool. What a waste of money, when the cabana girls leaves at 12pm everyone steals a place. When we left everyone was trying to take our spot. We will stay in colorado to gamble!
4	We went on a family trip & Excalibur was our first option since the last time we had stayed here was really nice. We came during the EDC thing was going on so it was packed, so the check in like was like at least 40 minutes ! I was really frustrated by this time because I was super tired from the car ride & I just wanted to lay in my bed & take a nap! Okay, 40 minutes pass by we go to our room, everything was good. UNTIL I saw our view we had the most beautiful view ever it was the ceiling & venting fans ! Excalibur did this again & I was like really Excalibur !!! So I decided this time to go & ask for a better view, guy in the front desk was super nice & said he would put us in a higher lever so he did ! I recommend staying in the remodeled rooms because the other ones are not as  good as the contemporary ones. After we had settled in our room (finally) we had a decent view. Everything in the room was nice we stayed 4 nights & we all had fun! I didn't quite understand the whole process  of having to show our hotel keys to the officers by the elevators but whatever.. It was a pleasant stay!
3	This is the second time we've stayed here, and frankly, it's just the Fun Dungeon (which the kids love) that brings us back.Check in staff were friendly. The room was clean. I don't know if it's standard in Las Vegas hotels, but I wish the rooms had microwaves and refrigerators. I imagine they don't want you to stay on your room, but these amenities would be nice when you have kids.The restaurant options are poor. We headed to New York New York to eat. The pool was SO crowded. Of course. But, the kids didn't mind.It's an easy place to stay because it's close to other hotels that have attractions. In this case, the place is a good value. If your kids want to play until the fun dungeon closes, it's easy to stay and just suck up the other shortcomings: dingy room and okay food.
2	We stayed here because it was cheap and family friendly but I admit it is the first time I ever saw people counting out change to settle their bills. The staff is nice and the entertainment concourse is excellent -- particularly if you have kids -- but on the down side the decor is showing its age and we all came down sick immediately after our stay (low grade not feeling well). Good location and very affordable but if you can afford to stay at a better place on the strip, my advice is to do so.
2	As a young adult, this was not the place to be in late july. Had a youth Basketball tournament going on which swamped the place. Little kids everywhere anyway. The GOOD was that tables were $5 and I saved $100 on my car insurance. I was also on the 17th floor, at the end of the hallway. And I get hit on by alot of prostitutes this trip for some reason. who knows.
3	The only thing I want in a hotel is a clean room and decent service.  The Excalibur gave us that so I was happy.
2	It was okay.  We stayed two nights.  Family of five in two rooms.  We stayed in Tower 2 which is supposedly the nicer of the two.  It really was fine, nothing bad or gross.  The bathrooms were quite nice.  However, the furnishings are tired and worn.  It was definitely not a fresh hotel.  I imagine it's because these rooms see non-stop action and abuse.  As for location, I would have preferred to stay in New York, New York instead.  Anytime we wanted to go to the strip we had to make our way through casinos, tunnels, stairs, escalators, etc. just to get to NYNY and then we were on the strip.
1	Pros: Fairly clean, free parkingCons: No WiFi, shower is 5'8" tall, constantly berated by staff to purchase packages for the future, zero mildly healthy restaurant choices, few TV stations, no decent bars
4	Go to the spa here! Do it....don't even think about not going, just do it. The staff is fantastic and pleasant and helpful and fantastic. I had the best pedicure I've ever had. The spa is beautiful and relaxing. It was one of my favorite parts of my last trip to Las Vegas. The hotel is good too; comfy beds, good security, excellent pool; it is cleanl. (it could use a remodel, but it really isn't terrible.)Everyone and I'm talking about every single employee that I encountered at this hotel; the check-in desk, the security guards, the pool hosts and servers--all of them were outstanding. Amazing service and so many friendlly people. Well done to the HR department at the Excalibur, you've hired an amazing staff. We were on a girls' trip, so we didn't use the fun dungeon or the food court, but the buffet was delightful. And there is a wristband that lets you eat all day in the Excalibur and the Luxor for only $35.99. Also, the adults only pool is awesome. Use it if you can.
4	I just spent two nights at the Excalibur for my Birthday. We came in on early Monday afternoon, and were immediately greeted by the valet and luggage guys. They welcomed us with open arms and we're very fast. The front desk staff were so fast and helpful. We only waited a few minutes and we're checked in and our room was ready. The room was okay. It was a good size room, clean and had a very specious bathroom.  It had everything you need while in Vegas. We were in the newly remodeled tower, tower 2. The view from our window was absolutely amazing. We were able to see a large portion of the strip. If I had to knock anything about our room, it would be that the shower floor was a little slippery and that the beds were very hard. But we didn't spend much time in the room other than to sleep and shower.The casino had a wide selection of slots and table games, so you definitely won't be bored. Many of the slots include many of the Vegas classics and many of the newest games. They also have a decent poker room with affordable poker tournaments.The hotel also has many restaurants to choose from, including buffets, sit down restaurants and fast food. All decent and the food court is open 24 hours.Decent amount of shops with a wide selection of products.The location of the Excalibur is fantastic. Being on the south end of the strip, it's right across the street from the MGM, New York New York and Tropicana. It's also connected on the inside and by trams to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay.Overall, I had a great time and the hotel delivered. It's staff is amazing and it has the essentials to make a great Vegas getaway.I would definitely stay here again.
2	It hurts me to have to leave a negative review for the Excalibur this time around, but my second experience here was pretty bad. This review covers both the hotel and the casino. HOTEL- I made my reservations over two months prior, and upon arrival they told me they didn't have the 2 queen beds I requested, only a king bed. I was there with another male friend and we are not sharing a bed. They said the only option was for them to give us a rollaway bed, which housekeeping haphazardly left in the hallway so we were left to carry it in to the room. Fortunately, I got a supervisor and a nice girl at concierge to upgrade us the next day for the issue, but this still costs the Excalibur some points. You don't offer a type of room to someone that they select based on their plans and then give it away to someone else who made later reservations. By comparison, you don't order front row seats at a concert and show up at will call to be told that they gave your seat away and that you're now sitting in the back. If the hotel is out of rooms of a certain type - gray them out on the website! Basic reservation logic. - Excalibur used to be good at getting through lines quickly. Now the lines are at a stand still and over 150 patrons are being waited on by a maximum of 3 agents. - The moving walkway was under construction which closed down two-thirds of the walkway to New York New York. Even more irritating is this walkway was under construction when I was here in March. What's taking so long?CASINOI only played once at Excalibur this time and it's for reasons such as this:- Before I could even sit down, one of the dealers, Fang, rudely shouted at me "ID!" I understand there are rules but you can ask politely for my card, not bark it like a military order. The folks at other casinos understand this and also realize that if you're a dick to me, you don't get tipped.- I played for over a half hour while the pit boss was standing right behind the table flirting with another female employee. He was less than a foot from my players card but didn't pick it up to rate my initial play. I asked Fang what was taking so long and she said she had the card waiting for him when he did his rounds. I had to loudly say "it's been there for a half hour and hasn't been touched, he's not doing his job" before she asked him to run it. He was a nice guy in the end but not very attentive, especially when you're job description is to pay attention to the tables. Excalibur refused to give me any comps on this trip because I didn't have enough play at Excalibur. Well, maybe if your dealers didn't suck, I would play here more! But instead, I go to the Bellagio where the dealers have class and are good entertainers.Dealers: be nice or you don't get tips. Simple as that!
2	This hotel is very kid friendly with the "fun dungeon" and jousting showThe arcade games are a bit pricy and the show is expensive. The room are ok they are very small and the beds aren't that comfortable this hotel is definitely just a place to sleep not to hang out it
3	Stayed here for a fun trip with some guys from work. We all wanted to stay in close together and Excalibur was conveniently located to Luxor and Monte Carlo. The rooms are plain and not well appointed. The service at the front desk was friendly and efficient. The gave a free room upgrade to one of the groups in our party which was nice. The casino looked clean but clearly was showing age.Overall a satisfactory hotel and casino.
5	5 Stars for the Excalibur!!!What's WRONG with all you one-star haterz and malcontents? I know what's wrong with about 75% of you--your reviews are FAKE, you have no yelp friends and hardly any other reviews posted.I LOVE this place! It represents everything I like about the Vegas Strip experience. (I couldn't give a rat's behind about posers in rented Lamborghini's, imprisoned albino tigers or girls who are essentially hookers who think they are the most amazing things to ever walk the earth even though they've never read a book.)The front desk gets FIFTEEN STARS! It is gigantic and fully-staffed with happy, friendly, smiling, efficient, accommodating, good-looking personnel who know why they're there, and DO THEIR JOB!In the 2 times I've stayed here, they moved enormous lines through in a few short minutes that would have taken the worthless lumps of meat at the Riviera front desk, several ice ages to deal with.The better rooms are clean and really nice, but some of the appointments are old-school. The 2 that I've stayed in have been quiet and relaxing. There are lots of kids around, but for some reason they don't bother me here. It's full of tourists which makes the people watching and the poker room lots of fun. There is nothing over the top here, but there are all kinds of fun and cool things around, like a Baja Fresh(!), a steak house where vegans like me can order a fantastic baked potato and steamed spinach AND use an incredible $20 coupon they give you at check-in! If you crave the snazzier Strip experience just transport yourself up the street and have at it to your heart's content.So if you average my 15 stars for the front desk down after all the other considerations, I still give this a solid 5 Stars. (And that doesn't mean I'm deducting 10 stars. I'm using fuzzy math here.)
2	Have stayed at Excalibur many times throughout the years. I had called while on the way to Vegas driving to reserve a room. Was told on the phone that would be cheaper to make reservation online because I would be charged 10.00 to do over phone. What the heck? So went online reserved room. Got a email and two rooms were reserved instead of one. Called to resolve the problem. Was hung up on, put on hold indefinitely, told I could not get money back cancellation policy was 48 hours. Finally after 2 hours decided to deal with once in Vegas. The girl who helped us check in was very helpful. refunded money, upgraded us, and gave us a late check out. After checking in and paying it was the same price as I was quoted over the phone. They don't tell you online that there is a 20 resort fee. Another thing is make sure you eat before it gets late. The food places all shut down. This is something new since last time I was in Vegas. Always had a 24 coffee shop open. After walking upstairs and downstairs and all around per the staff telling us of food places that may be open. We ended up at 2 in the morning at New York New York which apparently is the only restaurant open near Excalibur for food.
1	This Hotel  -  along with the rest of Las Vegas - has gone too extreme with the Security...  One Bicycle Security Guard ( Joseph ) followed me around the parking lot. So, because of my experience with Joe the security guard -  I took my gambling money elsewhere...and  - Just like other reviewers have written - on another day -  I was asked for my ID... Hey, Las Vegas! I am on Vacation! ...Not visiting a third world socialist country!!! This is still America right??? I go to a Casino to have a fun experience - not to be treated like this.
3	This place was our last minute hotel. We made reservations at the MGM but stuff happened. Anyway, this place is worth the cheap price. But you get what you pay for. Pros:* Hotel has a decent food court and Dicks last Resort is here * Hotel location is on the strip* Hotel directly connects to Mandalay Bay* Hotel has friendly staffCons:* Air conditioner in the room sucks* Non smoking room smells like smoke* Appliances in hotel room doesn't work* Terrible parking structure* Kids everywhere* Small casino area* Packed poolsOverall I enjoyed my stay for the price
5	My daughter and I stayed in an upgraded room in tower 2 with a view.  Check in was pain free and they moved a large line very quickly.  The room was clean and the beds are very comfortable.  The hotel itself is a little dated; but, it appears to be well maintained.  Lots of kids including mine at the pool and all over.  I would recommend the hotel for families and I would pick a different hotel for a guys or girls weekend.
3	WOW.  they musta put some $$ since the last time i was here, like 10 years ago.  Went for the Tournament of Kings show...so walked around the casino beforehand.  everything seemed more contemporary.  Food court is even not as ghetto!  Pretty pretty pleased with the updates.  Would I stay here?  ummm, no.  but i would go back.
1	Would not recommentd.  The rooms were very outdated.   Our room also had a weird smell to it.  During our stay we got locked in our hotel. Locked in. We had to call room service to let us out of the room !   Worst stay at a Las Vegas hotel so far.
4	Went to Vegas with the family for the first time ( I had been as a single person many times).  I was reluctant to book at this hotel because of some bad reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised.  The pool was nice, the staff were great.  It is not a 5 star hotel, but it is a pretty good place to stay if you have kids, there is entertainment and food court, met our needs perfectly.  I do wish they had WiFI in the rooms, kids like to use their electronics in the room before bed.
2	My Wife and I stayed at the Excalibur for the first week of our honeymoon.Trying to find the area where you check in is a challenge (as it is with most of the large hotels/casinos in Vegas), you get constantly harassed by people in the Hotel trying to sell you shows, and the Casino is always smelling bad unlike some of the other hotels who filter it very well.The room is very basic. No icebox/mini fridge, very few channels, etc. Overall, the Excalibur is a low class hotel with cheap prices and is good for doing one thing: Saving your money to do other things in Vegas. This was the reason we stayed, except when you walk into the the other Hotels such as Venetian, Caesar's Palace and NYNY, you realize how low class Excalibur is.Next time, we will likely stay somewhere else such as New York New York, if we even go to Vegas at all anytime soon.
4	We stayed here for 4 days and 3 nites. We choose this hotel due to price and location.  All worked out great. Booked the room via Mlife. ...worth it. We always take an extremely early flight to Vegas as to not waste a minute.  We arrived at 7:30am not expecting a room to be ready. Early check in is an additional $20 +tax which would be 10am. However they had a room ready for us...room 24258.  It had a great view! Okay okay so the room wasn't as clean as it could be.....pubes in the shower, dust everywhere and someone's Hersey kiss flags.  I'm not in Vegas to be in my room. So the pubes were taken care of and everything was A-OK. The ice buckets are super small. ....use 2 garage cans...fill your sink up with ice and boom you have an ice chest.  Buy your beer at the CVS, a 30 pack of coors light was $30... $1 a beer sweet! In the food court right at the top of the stairs was an Italian restaurant that had $2 bud lights as an all day happy hour, by far the cheapest drinks besides having your own.  We went to Vegas 2 years ago and the cost from then to how has increased by 75%! Get the most out your trip.
1	The staff and dealers are rude. My husband and I got a fairly good deal to stay but the service we received and the overall quality of the casino was not worth the money we saved.
2	My mom and I were searching for hotels that we hadn't stayed at before.. that were "reasonably priced" and close to the Mandalay Bay Convention Center. I feel across Excalibur on Vegas.com and was surprised to see it was actually a 3 1/2 star rated hotel. So taking the above requirements into thought, we booked it.I don't know how this place is 3 1/2 stars. It is extremely outdated. Needs some attention.Thin Walls.Kid-Friendly (which isn't necessarily a problem just something to consider)Shower only rooms (at least ours was)Not a lot of food optionsBare Minimum rooms. In other words, a high priced motel. Could be worse, but we won't stay here again.
1	I haven't stayed here for years but booked a cheap room for my friend and I to stay one night to see a concert. First off the line to check in is massive and it takes some time far cry from the diamond entrance at Caesars palace. Staff was friendly but they took some time and heads up this hotel charges a daily resort fee in addition to your room cost.Second when we got to our room there was an empty water bottle on the floor...gross it makes me wonder if the sheets are clean. The rooms and bathrooms are badly outdated and dirty looking. The towels also had a yellowish tint to them.This place reminds me of a motel 6 in a castle form. Be warned!
1	This place is disgusting. My coworkers warned me, My friends warned me, but I wanted to try it out. Never again will I think of staying here again. The towels are yellow and some are stained, the shower overflows, there was an empty bottle of water on the floor when we first entered the room. There are no mirrors in the rooms besides the one in the bathroom. The place smells like sweat covered in febreeze aroma cigarettes. Wow. This place is the worst hotel in Vegas. I do not recommend anyone to stay here.
1	This place was such a disappointment on so many levels.  I thought we had gotten a good deal because of the price and being on the strip but I should have paid a little more and gone elsewhere.   Our very first night we have dinner reservations at a restaurant Inside of the hotel and the blow dryer goes out numerous times on my girlfriend.  I call two times within a 45 minute period for a replacement and they do not show by the time we leave for dinner.  Very very disappointing to say the least.The other issue was how poorly the air circulation was on the main floor.   Regardless what entrance you go through the smell of cigarettes, shame and tears hits you and it's not a faint odor it's strong.  We visited other casinos and you could tell that the huge difference. We will never go back.   If your trying to save money do yourself a favor and spend a couple of extra bucks somewhere else.  Especially if your traveling with your girlfriend.
4	C'mon people--this is a cheap place to stay in Vegas. Let's try not to compare this place to others like Ceasar's Palace--you pay for that.We stayed here with our three kids. We were able to affordably stay here and get two adjoining rooms so we had space. We stayed in Tower 2. The rooms were clean and comfortable. It was very quiet and we were not disturbed by anyone walking in the halls late at night. The view was amazing out of our room, which faced the strip. We were able to stay here for $39/night on TripAdvisor. What a bargain. You do make some sacrifices for that though....The hotel does not have Wi-Fi. Granted I can use my 3G and don't really need it, but it's so common nowadays, they should offer it. There is no in-room coffee makers. There are no spare pillows, you'll have to call for them. No in room refrigerator. The only reason I docked a star was for the valet service. It was a joke. When we arrived on our first day the line for valet service was one hour long. It took the guys so long to get people out of their cars and moving. There was only one line too. It was very frustrating. On an alternate time, we showed up back at the hotel to valet park our car (which we had done for the prior 3 days) only to be greeted by a sign saying "VALET FULL". Really?!? I have never seen that, especially for current guests. The up side was that we realized that garage parking was not that bad and if we'd have known about it, we'd prefer to park our own car in the future. Go figure.TIP: Get VIP check in--otherwise the line for check in is over an hour long too. We purchased the VIP check in and got it done in 15 minutes.Overall a good visit.
1	This review is for the MLIFE department. I just called and spoke with your representative Angela, who was very rude and had a smirk attitude. She was reluctant to give me her name and refused to give out her last name; quote "Well I'm the only Angela here". I will be writing a negative review on yelp and only suggest you talk to your employees about having great customer service- not sub-par or mediocre. I am very disappointed and dissatisfied with mlife. I will not be giving out recommendations for your company.
3	Only stayed here one night before checking into our timeshare. The price was cheap ($50 total with resort fees) and on the other end of the strip than where we usually stay. We were in Tower 1 and the room was okay. One step above Circus Circus. I was disappointed but hey it's only one night and it was only $50 so suck it up. The checkin line looked scary long (think Disneyland line!) and took probably 30 or so minutes to get to the front. Thank goodness checkout was via email and done quickly. They didn't try to upgrade my room during checkin but you can tell they do since it's like a McDonald's counter with all their rooms pictured with the prices displayed. Honestly that looks cheap and I'm glad they didn't do that to me. We were only there for one night so I didn't care to upgrade. Enough about the room, I wouldn't stay there again or recommend unless your on a budget.The actual grounds are good for the kids, they enjoyed the castle and the arcade.
5	I seriously feel like this hotel doesn't get as much justice as it deserves. For starters, the staffs attention and care for their guests is excellent. I didn't have a single problem! All expectations were met. Everything we ever needed from them, was met at a great timely manner. - The rooms are very clean and big, and for the price, how could you genuinely complain? - The casino is huge, and you really have a great time, the attention there is great as well. Our waitresses were on point on asking what we wanted and getting it back to us rather fast. - The pools are nice, big and clean! While the drinks at the pool bar are rather pricey, they definitely use quality liquor and hello, it's Vegas.. What's cheap in Vegas? - Food wise; you have PLENTY to chose from, and for all budgets!- And last, but never least, it's in a great spot! You have the Luxor, MGM, New York New York and other great hotels near by. You're at walking distance from everything. Which, again, besides partying hard, you came to walk the strip! It's a good place to start it! Honestly, it's an amazing place, you should give it a shot! You get your bang for your buck and you definitely walk out feeling like royalty! ;)  Can't wait to come back :)
4	Great hotel and great price. Not sure why the reviews are so mixed. We stayed 3 night and had the contemporary king room in tower 2. It was very nice, spacious, clean and comfortable. The bathroom looked great and was big as well. The bed was very comfortable. We had an awesome view of the city and the mountains. The AC worked great and was easy to control and our room got cleaned daily. Absolutely no issues. I would definitely stay here again. My only complaints are lack of WiFi and the timeshare staff in the casino who we constantly had to ignore. Even though our room didn't have WiFi there was a long ethernet cable which worked great with the laptop we brought. The internet connection was fast and it was free.
4	First of all it is about expectations. If you want to stay in a five star hotel it will be nicer, but be prepared to pay the extra bucks. The Excalibur was inexpensive compared to any place, the pools were fantastic, one with waterfalls and a slide. The rooms were big and we had a great view of the strip. We loved being close to Mandalay Bay and NY, NY. The Food options were good for us. The furniture in the room and the decor were older and dated, but the beds were new and comfortable and the television was big--although the cable channels were limited--unless you like Friends and Full House which seemed to be on all the time.
2	our room smelled like old moist!linens were clean(hopefully) but were not clean white so you could imagine they were used and washed thousand times.they charge you $20 resort fee for internet, alarm clock!, swimming pool,... but internet is wired!!bathroom accessories are at the minimum: one small bar of soap, one conditioning shampoo(not separate), one body wash. no toothpaste, no tooth brush, no shower cap, .
5	I almost always stay at excalibur when I go to Vegas. I went this last Thursday and had booked a room for $22.00 a night (with my MLIFE rewards) when we got there to check in they upgraded us to a suite for free. I have NEVER stayed in a suite before so it was soooo nice and pretty. I loved it! There is so much food to choose from from all price ranges. This is actually my favorite place to play slots even tho I often walk to the other casinos. I am never disappointed with this casino.
1	MUST READ ENTIRE REVIEW One of the worst places to stay in Las Vegas. Its bait and switch here. The room showed online is not the room you'll get.From the minute you walk in it will be regret if you stay here. The stinch of cigarettes and foul oder that reaks from the entire place will drive you crazy. On top of that the staff is horrible. You are honestly better off at a Motel 8. Hands down has to be the worst hotel on the strip. CONS:-DIRTY-NO WIFI-PHONES GET NO RECEPTION-FOUL ODER-STRONG TOBACCO SMELL-SPIRITS ARE WATER DOWN TO THE MAX-TV CHANELS ARE HORRIBLE        * No premium channels        * Scattered blurry channels-STAFF IS THE WORST-ROOMS ARE IN HORRIBLE CONDITIONI've stayed at Motel 8, MGM Grand, and Aria. Without a doubt this hotel is horrible. Disgusting Popcorn ceilings, non-functioning irons, old foul sheets and blankets. I choose this hotel to save money and would of rather spent the extra $50 to go elsewhere. Reviews are bad here for a reason .... Don't make the mistake I made.
4	Its nice place, especially for people who love spa.
3	You get what you pay for here! Not my ideal choice of Hotel to stay at in Las Vegas, but for the price it is not too shabby! Guest parking is horrible if you're coming here during the weekend or over the holidays. Valet is also jammed packed during these high peak times so drivers beware!Kids everywhere & mediocre rooms. The outdoor pool (Drenched) is okay. 3 pools, music (DJ's), poolside food service, and bar.The only plus is that Dick's Last Resort resides here! It's the restaurant/bar where the waiters & staff are rude to you on purpose. There are a whole bunch of Dick's here, but it is a blast! Be prepared to laugh, or cry.. depending on how sensitive you are.
1	Let me preface this review by stating I have stayed at Excalibur many times.  Prior to this stay Excalibur was one of my favorite hotels in Las Vegas.  I have been going to Vegas for the last 15 years.  Excalibur was an easy four star review for me, but has been going downhill.  Since I didn't join Yelp! until recently, this is my first review.  So here is the rundown:1.  When I drove in cones were everywhere.  It blocked off various areas and made everyone confused.  When I drove in the valet part of the parking lot, I was yelled at.  Already a bad impression.2.  I went to check in at around noon.  I was told my room wasn't ready.  I was fine with this since check-in is at 3PM.  However, the person at the counter said it may not be until 4 or 5PM.  This I had an issue with since I had show tickets that night.  I asked for the manager and I complained about the first issue and this issue.  The manager totally ignored the first issue, and with the second issue she kept saying it would be at 3PM.  I said I was confused since the previous person said it may not be until 4 or 5.  Then the person who was helping me said she never said that!  So I was already disgusted.  They said they would put a rush on my room.  I said it's not necessary since I was told it would be ready by 3PM.  They did anyways, though.  The manager wasn't too friendly.  She seemed more annoyed that I had a complaint.3.  So with our luggage in hand, I checked some of it in while we waited.  My party and I decided to go get lunch at the buffet.  Keep in mind I already saw advertisements for their buffet.  So what do we see when we talk up to it?  The buffet is closed for renovations.  I'm so glad we were told that at check-in.  Oh wait, no we weren't.  We weren't told a thing about it.  So we walked over to the Luxor instead.  The buffet was closed the entire trip.  We were able to eat at other places, but it was annoying.  They posted ads everywhere about their buffet even after I checked it.  It was on their channel on the TV, on posters, etc.4.  Once we got our rooms and settled in, I did my usual inspection.  The AC wasn't working at all and I discovered it had not been defrosted.  So I had to take care of that in order to have a decent nights sleep in the room.  The TV didn't work right half the time either.  Sure, you don't come to Vegas to watch TV, but sometimes you need to.  The room was decent otherwise.5.  Now for the most part I broke even when I was gambling, but there were some annoyances on the casino floor.  There were hardly any waitresses around to take drink orders.  I waited a good 10 minutes to find someone to take my order, then another 10 to get my drink.  However, there were plenty of people around to ask me if I wanted a "M Life" card or whatever their card is.  I go to Vegas about once a year, maybe once every couple years.  So I don't want the damn card.  But they didn't stop asking.  I finally blew up at one of the people and said I am tired of being asked and I wanted to be left alone.  They said it was their job. The other annoyance is that they had other people on the floor pushing show tickets and other crap.  It was the worst I have ever seen.  I went to other casinos and did not have these issues, so it could be an Excalibur thing.  However, the dealers at the tables were nice and the casino floor was clean.  A friend of mine did have someone, possibly a prostitute, hit on him when he was gambling at 4AM.  So security could be better.I picked Excalibur since I love castles, dragons, etc.  However, I won't be staying again in the future unless I see some of these issues are resolved.  I'll visit for the shops, the wonderful Tournament of Kings show, etc.  But I felt like I received horrible treatment by the employees there.  They were more concerned about making money rather than making sure I was satisfied.
5	This place has lots of mixed reviews. I never wanted to stay here because of them. I came across a very good deal on Priceline for last week (Tuesday-Friday) and my Husband and I decided to take that chance. Oh well, you usually don't spend time in the room right? We arrive, no line at the registration counter as we are checking in 3 hours prior to our check-in time our customer service represenative "waives" the $20.00 early-in fee (SCORE!), we walk to our room and the room smelled good (non-smoking), high floor (28), and a very nice view of the strip! We got the cheapest room, $48.00 a day including the $20.00 resort fee. Our King bed was so comfy, carpet was cleaned, TV worked and was big, bathroom was big and clean, the towels were soft, white and had no stains. we LOVED our stay and espeically for the price! Thank YOU EXCALIBUR!
5	I booked on Priceline for $39/ night and am very impressed.  The room is clean and as nice as any other room I've stayed at on the strip.  The beds are comfy and I have a great view.  Kristi at the activities desk is amazing and went above and beyond to make sure I had a great stay.
5	The Spa was wonderful. All the staff were great, supper service. Clean well run.After returning from a Alaska fishing trip my body was sore. Two trips to the spa & all was well.Mahalo  Stan :)
1	first let start out by saying i will never stay at this establishment ever again with how we were treated when we stayed there from aug 16th - aug 22nd of 2014it started on sunday when my girlfriend started waking up with bites on her legs and ankles and feet then just went from there. they kept coming more and more each day and to no avail till tuesday when she couldn't make it to work for the trade show we were up there for she finally went to the hospital to have the bites checked out. it ended up being bed bugs in which if you look it up there is 34 now 35 claims of bedbugs  at this establishment in the last year with nothing being done...they said they will have eco lab do a test on the room and it came back with no results of there being bed bugs  but when we asked for a copy of the report they said it was an internal issue and we could not have a copy of the report...in my eyes they are trying to hide the truth by not giving me a copy of the report. we left that thursday the 22nd and had to get all of our personal belongings and all my salesmen samples dry cleaned at my own expense and now have a sample bill for all my samples being as we turn them in to be put back in inventory to be sold now being as they were dry cleaned we can no longer do that....my vehicle also had to be professionally detailed to make sure the contamination did not spread to it when we arrived back home as well. there only thing they offered us was tuesday night after my girlfriend came back from the hospital which we also paid at our own expense and her loss of wages for missing work while being at the hospital was an upgrade to a suite which at this point was ridiculous at this point we just wanted to leave but we still had work to be done the following 2 days up there...they also were to refund stuff to my cc on file which at first it was going thru then 2 days after we arrived back home the money was taken back out of my account...we have tried to resolve this issue with them before having to contact a attorney but they will not take phone calls from either myself of my girlfriend which in my eyes is horrible customer service and just down right wrong in my eyes...now almost 3 weeks later we are out for loss of wages, 2 completes salesmen sample lines and garment bags that cannot be taken back to resell and a complete detail on my personal vehicle due to not wanting it to spread to my personal vehicle and hospital bills that they do not want to compensate us for anything at all for any of it nothing...all in all upwards of over $10000 dollars out of pocket and nothing being done on there behalf and this is a mgm establishment to top it off...i have stayed at numerous hotels in my lifetime in las vegas and this by far was the worst experience ever in staying someplace in las vegas...not even old hotels in vegas are this bad....as you can google bed bugs reports and claims and they are the worst in vegas at this point...who wants to come to vegas to end up getting bit up and have to spend time in the hospital instead of actually either working on having a vacation like your there for...so to end all of this i wish i could give this report negative stars in stead of the one i gave them but it is not possible to do so..so whom ever in the near future thinks about staying at this hotel beware of the bed bugs as they are in this establishment and they will do nothing for you other then give you a suite for the tenure of your stay in a contimated hotel in which they say isnt but wont provide test results to anyone who has made claims of it...
1	The rooms are great if you get what you want. You make a reservation for like a non smoking king room and they can't at all guarantee that you will get a king size room but instead 2 queens bed or a king bed. This is not at all the right way to do business. My wife and I got married 18 years ago at the Excalibur as we were going to stay there again but if they can't guarantee your room preference after making a reservation I would go elsewhere.
4	I loved staying here. Parking sucks though. Everything else was great. Room was clean, check in was nice and speedy, the pool was awesome, and the restaurants in the hotel itself are also good. Book early on and get great pricing. I would stay here again, but then again there are so many other hotels in Vegas!
5	I had a wonderful stay here. The check in was really fast and the price was great! Really cheap prices with really great service! The room was also really clean. My next vegas trip I'll definitely be staying here again.
3	Nicer on the outside that on the inside, but not bad by any means. We did not encounter any bedbugs, to the best of our knowledge. The best thing about the experience was the midweek price.
5	I've tried others, and they may give out more perks, but they never compare to the service and experience I get at the Excalibur. Every department is managed to the tee. Our experience at the pool cafe and cabana this trip was better than ever, with each employee giving 110% to make sure we were happy. Maybe I'm spoiled, but it sure is nice to be addressed by my last name whenever I encounter an employee. How do they always know?: Great management!
4	I stay here every time I go to Vegas.Not my choice (as my family chooses) but honestly, as a 24 year old male, it's not bad.I don't party in Vegas, but if I did, this wouldn't be a bad place to stay. It's affordable, there's a massive food court, and if you happen to party a bit too hard, it's on the strip with a walkway escalator to take you back into the hotel so you don't have to stumble back home.There's an arcade and 'knights of the court' show that's great for kids. Poker room is ok. MGM is better (and Excalibur is within a five minute walk).Highly underrated due to the fact that it doesn't have that cool Vegas-y feel. But I do appreciate the nuances that many miss out on.Oh, and Baja Fresh. Nice place to eat for a cheap dinner.
1	I did get an email from guest relations at the Excalibur admitting that they can't at all guarantee their rooms as rooms are assigned when you check in. I do not understand as to what the purpose of a reservation is if you can't get the type of room you want. Things were a lot better when Circus Circus once owned this property and now it is run and operated by MGM Mirage which own several properties around town. I would not even bother going to any MGM Mirage properties in Vegas as you will not get the room you want and plus you will have to fight them to get your money back weather you stay there or not.
3	Excalibur is an economical option to stay on the strip. Nothing fancy here. The rooms are outdated, but it served its purpose of being a place to sleep after packed days of Las Vegas activities.There are a lot of quick food options. We stayed in Tower II and there's a Baja Fresh right next to the elevators in the lobby. I ate there twice and it was one of my more reasonable meals during the trip. The only thing that really bothered me was being charged fees to receive packages at the hotel. I've stayed at many hotels while on business and have never paid any fee to accept a package. For a hotel that also has a "resort fee", I'd think this would be a complimentary service for their guests.I'd probably stay here again, but will definitely consider other options as the rates aren't that competitive to some other hotels on the strip.
3	Ok, so I give about 3.5-3.7stars. I'm not sure the little things I took off for are that important. The casino smells funny... Bad funny. It's not pricey so there are a lot of families and young tweeners. The restaurants are all chain so I didn't bother, but if you like the comforts of home then it's kinda cute. For example, I love jalepeno Cheetos and the little kiosk by my elevators had them stocked as well as a friendly staff.  The rooms had the little amenities I appreciate- towel racks on the back of the door, good lightening in it, clean showers with plenty of hot water and a good shower head, a good fan. I stayed elsewhere and had to pay for a gym... I'm a gym rat and this FREE hotel gym is awesome! The pool was great too. Chairs were good and plenty of space, ample towel size and thickness, bar and waitress service poolside, cabanas if you wanted. The spa was nice too but I didn't partake in any services. The tram is pretty close and easy to use. Wi-Fi is only free and available in the lobby and pool which is not clear when booking so be advised. I needed it in my room and think all hotels should provide it as standard.
5	Both times I have stayed at Excalibur were great.  They have old rooms and updated rooms, Starbucks, different games for every budget, 4-pools, and accommodating maintenance.  Having MLiFe rewards helps with discounts on rooms, so we take advantage of the deals.  Would recommend if there are good deals available as you don't have to worry about putting too much money upfront for a decent place to stay and play.
4	We got there around 11:00pm on 09/25 and the line was pretty long, but moving pretty fast. The lady who checked us in, Prytzel, was super friendly. Upgraded us to a newer room, and made us feel at home.The hotel entrances always smell good and clean, weird for a Vegas hotel but true!the room was nice, pretty new. The one thing I would change about it would be the shower head, everything was pretty new and it just didn't seem like they cared much for it. But other than than, it was a pretty nice stay.I would have rated it 5 stars, but on 09/27 the housekeepers decided to come in the room and clean it. Now this would have been nice and all, but we had the privacy sign up the whole weekend. When they cleaned, I did lose the cloth to clean my sunglasses, small I know, but it's about the principle.But that won't stop us from staying here again. We liked it. and it isn't far from the other hotels.
2	Where to start. As a Vegas veteran, I know what to expect on the Strip. But hey, I stay on the Strip because that is where the best times are!! Sure there are a lot of drunk, loud college kids- my group included. Everything is overpriced, which is why I bring my own bottled water and beer thank you. I would rather pay through the nose and be in the middle of it all than stay off strip and make up the difference in cab fare. When I saw the prices at this hotel I was pretty stoked for my Labor day get away. I have stayed at MGM, NYNY and Luxor and LOVED this area of the strip. Mostly younger people just having a good time. So I booked the room. Upon arriving at the hotel I was met by a saleslady at the door announcing she had my welcome gift. Having never experienced this before, I thought it was just a nice gesture but the little voice in my head reminded me "this is Vegas, nothing is free". So my group of 3 guys and myself spent about 10 minutes being talked to about show tickets before we realized it was a hustle. I figured it was a one time thing, but by the end of the trip we literally were running past the doors to not get hassled. HOW ANNOYING! We check in and are told we are on the 2nd floor. Kind of a bummer, because let's face it, I love the lights and a good view makes the room. I don't say anything and get to the room hoping we at least are looking at the Luxor.. I opened my window and to my dismay we were 5 feet from a brick wall. Yes seriously- a window facing another part of the hotel building. We went about our first night hanging out and walking the casino. I crashed earlier because I had been up so early to finish packing while my boyfriend and his friend stayed out drinking. I woke up about 6 am the following day feeling itchy. I go to the bathroom and turn on the light and there is a HUGE BEDBUG on my leg. I freaked out and killed it, noticing bites on my leg and both my feet. I immediately wake up everyone in the room and call the front desk. They proceed to send a security guard up who is pretty nonchalant like this is an every day occurrence.They switch us to another room after many pictures are taken and in the new room we notice it is REALLY dirty. I mean not the average, partied in Vegas room dirty, but dried boogers on the sheets nasty dirty. We asked the manager for yet another room and she came through with a really nice suite for us. That is the only reason this place gets 2 stars. Take it from me, if you are going to stay here, buck up and get the suite. The buffet was super cheap, and basically you get what you pay for, super cheap food. We went to the Wynn buffet one day and it was AWESOME. Basically if you are wanting the strip and want to gamble on getting bitten by bedbugs, stay in a standard room. For a nicer experience get a suite. For an even better time, stay at MGM, they know how to clean the rooms right!
1	This has to be the worst hotel I have stayed at. The people trying to sell you shows are the rudest of all the hotels. They only had 1 pool open even though there was 3 major events going on the whole weekend. Then to top it off no one bothered to let us know that their buffet was closed for renovations. Waste of money and will never stay their again.
4	We arrived at the Exaclibur at about 10:30PM on a Thursday night and went right to check in. This was probably the only sour point about my experience at this hotel. Our friends were behind us in line, so we were served first. When we went to check in our agent, Nina, said there were no kings left but that we could come down the next day and they would move us. There was some back and forth between her and the agent helping our friends and then we were all checked in and ready to go. Our friends came over and told us that they had been upgraded to a King room. At which point I was like wtf? We went upstairs and lo and behold, they had NOT been upgraded, their agent had lied to them. Not impressed with that.The next day we did go back down and Kathy was happy to help us switch and was very prompt at doing so. We didn't have to give back our old keys, just leave them in our room and we were able to move immediately. Our new room had a strip view, which was nice, and a king bed and was as well appointed as our previous room.One thing with this hotel is the noise. Because you're on the strip, non strip view rooms will be quieter. I'm a light sleeper and I slept with earplugs every night, if not for the noise from the strip, for the noise from the air conditioner. Every single room we had (between four of us) had loud a/c units.The hotel itself is pretty well situated, you really wouldn't have to leave if you didn't want to. The casino is spacious and I was able to play all the games I wanted to without having to wait long. I also found $100USD on the floor my first night :D Lucky me! The food court has some good options, starbucks, mcdonalds, krispy kreme, etc, and there's lots to see and do within the casino itself. Location wise, I would have preferred to be closer to the main part of the strip but you get what you pay for.The only other bad thing at this hotel was constantly being hounded to go and see this new property they were pushing. "We'll feed you and you'll tour the facility" they said. "We'll give you cheap show tickets" they said. Very suspicious and my bullshit radar was up - avoid these guys like the plague, they'll hunt you down. After a while, we stopped admitting that we lived at the same address just so they'd leave us alone.Overall, this was a great hotel and I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again. The slots were great, the amenities were good, the rooms were well appointed and fairly modern and it wasn't hard to get around. Keep in mind that you get what you pay for - we didn't want to spend a ton of money for four nights in Vegas, we wanted that money to go to gambling and shopping and eating. This was a reasonably priced, clean hotel. We didn't spend a ton of time in our rooms besides sleeping and changing and it suited us just fine.
2	No WiFi on top floors u needed a laptop to whook up to internet via eather net cable who the he'll uses laptops anymore lol...toilet took 2 hours 2 fill up before used again....very out dated and dingy feeling hotel... Won't recommend
1	I am a Vegas veteran been there four times this year alone. I was pretty happy when I seen how cheap this hotel was for 5 days so we decided to give it a try. Worst mistake ever! We booked a smoking room and ended up on the first floor with no view. It reminded me of a prison because as soon as you opened the curtains all we seen was a brick wall no view what so ever. Then, every time we came back to the hotel in the early morning hours we would literally be harassed by security to show them our room keys. The staff is rude and their are always people bothering you about show tickets and other bs crap. The decor is old and ugly in the hallways and the rooms. Also good luck trying to find an ice machine anywhere!!! I would never stay there again even if it was free. Spend a little extra money and go stay somewhere better.
2	Room are nice enough but has a few BIG fails in my book. No wifi in the room is awful.  We were forced to run downstairs to use our tablets because who lugs computers with you for only wired internet. Definitely cut out  spontaneity. The resort fee is a total scam. No resort here. Plus you still have to pay $10 per day to work out. Not that I wanted too, but you had to add up all the fees and see that this great deal isn't all that great.
4	I wanted a cheap hotel for 4 days and this was it arrived late around 11 pm and the room was upgraded for free it has a food court the only thing I hated was the smell after the 3 nights the smoke smell in the casino was really irritating other than that it was fine! The casino was good even tho I was asked3 different times for my ID
2	Not impressed!!! Of all the choices on the strip, I would not stay here again. We had to pay a resort free of 18.00 a day for the use of the pool and the internet. We knew this before we got there so it wasn't a surprise. However, we we went to use the pool only half of the pools were open and what was open was very crowded. It was the first week in October and they were closed for the season. I was barely able to use the internet in our room.  I emailed customer service to let them know and they never responded.The rooms are very outdated. They need a major upgrade. When we booked our vacation, we asked for a view. I'm not sure what their idea of a view is but mine is NOT the side of another building.The restaurant options were good. They did have that going  for them.I would not choose this hotel again.
1	I hated this place the whole time I was here. First of all, it seemed as if to get any where in the hotel, you had to walk through the casino and I went to other hotels and that wasn't an issue there. Secondly, the parking is awful. You either search 45 min for a surface parking spot or try your luck in the 3-story garage a mile from the hotel doors. Service was alright, wasn't rude and not a problem. Now, the room. The first thing I noticed was the smell. It is absolutely awful, it smells like stale cigarette smoke and must. If you could book a non-smoking room there wasn't a mention of it. There was no wifi and there wasn't a channel guide for the TV. The TV also was not even close to HD. The beds were hard as a rock and the blankets were thin and cheap. This hotel also has the worst dining on the strip. A dicks last resort? Really? I know most hotels had fast food courts but fast food seemed the best the Excalibur could offer. As for a view, you either pay more for one of the strip or you get the parking lot or a brick wall. Cheap, tacky decor seemed to be a big theme at this place. The only redeeming qualities was that I heard they had a DQ and their pool. The extra $40 for a different hotel on the strip is absolutely worth it. This place is essentially the Motel 6 of the strip. Just know, looks can be deceiving
4	I have stayed at the older un-remodeled rooms before. While old, they were still very clean and well maintained. This trip when checking in they upgraded me to remolded rooms for free. I was quite surprised how nice they were. I have stayed at quite a few hotels on the Strip, and the new rooms are on par with a lot of the newer rooms. The only downside, they still do not have WiFi. Ethernet only
2	Ok... My issue is not the fact that they need to update. I'm a firm believer that you get what you pay for and we paid for cheap and that's what we got.  My issue is bed bugs.  I came home and my bag and clothes had them.  Now it's one thing to be cheap it's another to be dirty... This is just dirty. I am not happy about this
3	Only here for the night... Checked in smells horrible like smoke.. They gave us an upgrade for a suite nice of them but the room reeks like mold or humid  I hate that smell... Never coming back
2	Beds were comfy, but no coffee pot in room. I forgot my pillow in the room and the jack ass at the counter wouldn't send anyone up to get it for me. I'm sorry, but, that's bad customer service. And the Buffet was closed for renovation and nobody thought to tell us when making reservation!! We would have went to another tell if we would of know that. Never staying here again!  The only reason they are getting 2 stars is because of the beds, otherwise it would have been 1.
3	: I spend most of my time in Vegas and I must say this hotel has served me well and right. Location is absolutely great, hotel staffs are friendly and very accomodating, summertime hotel price is an absolute deal.
1	Everything was nice until we got our bill and there were four extra charges for resort fees. Excalibur you are scum 191 turned into 291... unacceptable...never again
1	(We hated this hotel. It was horrible. They offered to "upgrade" our rooms. If that was a upgrade then I would like to see what a down grade was. Our rooms were smelly. Very outdated and we booked a King room. We were upgraded to a double. We called and told them and they said we could move the next day. The next day we had to hang around until noon so we wouldn't miss out on moving rooms. When we got to new rooms they were still disappointing. They were non smoking rooms but had cigarette butts inside the window seal. There was hair all over the bathroom floor, including pubic hair on toliet. The rooms need to be updated very much. The beds are hard and very uncomfortable. This room the tv didnt work and we had to call down two days to get this fixed. The only positive thing about hotel was the food choices. They had a variety and not all of them would break the bank. As far as rooms go, I would never recommend Excalibur. Total let down!  Oh the other thing nice was the location. But I can have the same location at the Luxor. It is a wonderful hotel.
1	Of all of the hotels of the same price range, I would rate this one the lowest.  The room is very dated. The furnitures are extremely old n dated (badly scuffed). No power outlets except for the one in the bathroom. Of course, one can always crawl behind the dresser or unplug the lamp. I do not think power outlets by the desk is too much to ask for. There is no safe and small fridge. The pillows are nasty.  The room, bed and bathroom are clean. The toilet flushes and there is hot water. This place is one step above Motel 6. But motel 6 does not charge you for bringing your dogs and it's cheaper.
2	Well if I had more fidelity I would give 2.5 stars. I stayed here last year with no issues,  this year I had a bed with bugs it seemed.  I tried second bed and it was better but not great. I called desk in the morning and they were super quick to find me a new room on same floor and reprogrammed my key so I was able to change rooms without even having to go to the desk. Their staff all seemed friendly and professional and security minded as well. Their prices are awesome and they have plenty of clean rooms if you want to try your luck, not in the casino.  :)They are centrally located with tram and elevated walkways.
5	I recently stayed here on one of my layovers on my flight back to hawaii.  I often stop in Las vegas and usually stay on the north side of the strip.  I ended up finding a great last minute deal here and thought I would try it out.  I loved my stay.  The hotel is close to the airport, my room was clean, and the location was nice.  But... the reason I am writing this is because of the biggest reason why I loved my stay:  GILBERTO!!!  He was the lovely man that checked me in!  He is the cutest thing ever and was so welcoming and sweet to me!  He was professional but also welcoming and social and really just a breath of fresh air!  It is because of him that I decided to stay again on my way home.  I travel a lot with work and I will now be using Excalibur as my bi-monthly stop because I loved his service so much!  For the record, he wasn't working on my second stay and the lady that checked me in then was also amazing and super sweet!  I wish I remembered her name so that I could give her credit also!I just hope that if the managers/owners read this that they let Gilberto know that he is doing a great job!  While I am writing this review, I am 100% certain that I am not the only person that feels this way.  You guys have a winner with this one!  I hope you are treating him as well as he treated me!  See you all again soon!Tara
4	tacky? yes! but the whole of vegas is all about being tacky.. but for the price i think its perfect... it's got everything you need and more... the service was good and was even upgraded to a nicer room, so i can't complain too much... their are better hotels for a little extra money but hey at the end of the day as long as its safe and clean then all you need the room for is to sleep in as most of the time you will be out partying along the strip...
1	The first time I stayed in Vegas, I stayed one night in the Excalibur and decided I'd return because I didn't see a point in spending so much money on a hotel room when I'd never be there. The second time I visited Vegas (most recently), I stayed at the Excalibur for five days. What a mistake! There's no WiFi here and I really could have used it for business a few times while I stayed. Sorry, but my iPad doesn't have a huge port for a jack on the side! No coffee machines in the room?! Even the cheapest hotels I've stayed at have something that will produce hot water! Come on, people! Beds sucked. I guess the first time I stayed in Vegas, I really was just too intoxicated to care about the comfort of my bed. Not this time! Woke up sore just about every morning! People were constantly harassing me and my friend to go to these timeshare conferences for free tickets. GO AWAY. Let's just say I had my fill of Excalibur and will not be returning. Next time I go to Vegas, I will shell out the extra money for a DECENT room.
2	Good location on the southern edge of the strip and near the airport. Rooms were outdated, but as nice or nicer than what you would expect from a budget hotel stay. It has a full complement of amenities and appears to have a lot of facilities for children. The only complaints I have were that there was no master switch to turn the bedroom lights on (you have to turn on the lamps individually) and that there was no wifi in the rooms. It's ok to have an un-renovated bathroom and a low-end atmosphere: that's all fine when you're looking for a budget option. But wifi and a ceiling lamp are sort of the least one can expect from a modern hotel.
2	Hum, how was my stay?  Well I booked third party and am actually glad I messed up because since my event didn't work out, I was able to check out without any hassle.  I did wonder why the hotel still felt the need to charge me then refund me when I checked out early.On to my stay....check in was easy.  I booked online so there were no complications there.  Isabel (front desk clerk), she was great.  Pleasant, friendly and knowledgeable regarding any questions I asked.  Even when she had to tell me no, she was always polite about it.I go to my room.  Open the door....the most musty stale smell ever!   My first thing, check the bed for bugs or anything weird.  No bugs, but I did find hair...and lots of it!  I go to the bathroom; same thing...way too much hair & it wasn't even mine...it looked like a mixture with dog hair as well.  I call housekeeping.  Some rude chick named 'Brenda' and says "we'll get there whenever because we have more people ahead of you".  I say okay & go talk to the manager (her name starts with a T).  She was pleasant.  She even gave me some extra accommodations and fixed the issues I had with my bill.  All pleasant attitude and helpful.    They change me rooms and I still find eyelashes and a few hairs in my bathroom, but after a 6 hour drive, I just end up saying forget it.This hotel seriously needs an upgrade tho....the internet IS NOT WIRELESS!!  I literally had to plug my lap top in....so if you are an ipad, tablet type, no internet for you.  The resort fees are a bit much especially for things that should come with the hotel...who pays to use a gym while on vacation....the TV doesn't have any hook ups, no HDMI, no USB...so you won't be watching your own stuff and there are no cable channels!A few good things; there are a lot of restaurants inside and places to eat with variety.  So you can get practically anything you want inside the hotel.  I ate at Bucca....very good food.  I'm not Italian so I have nothing to gauge, but I like what I eat there.  The service is quick and the utensils and plates are clean...The gambling is decent....no huge jackpots, but I didn't feel totally ripped off.  I would say all and all, my trip there was okay, but I probably would not book at the Excalibur again.
4	Definitely check out Dick's restaurant downstairs! When the evening/night hits, make sure to carry your ID with you if you leave your room or good luck trying to get back up. McDonald's and Dunkin Donuts is open really late in the building. Located somewhat on the end of the strip and the pool is nice.
1	Don't stay here unless you really have to. There is no internet wifi in the rooms, they give you a short jack to put into the side of your computer... too bad I only had my ipad. Not to mention that the TV channels suck. I would't complain about that if they just had some stinking wifi! I mean why make me pay resort fees for such a shitty hotel? Last but not least, there was a bug in my room my last day I stayed and never been back since. Save some extra cash and go elsewhere.
2	Loses lots of points for having HDTVs in the rooms, but they are hooked to a standard-def cable system- and on top of that, the TVs are set to STRETCH the 4x3 picture making everything look short and fat, and the controls to fix it are locked out! Why not just stick with an old TV if you can't bother to have HD cable or at least a regular antenna hooked up?As has been mentioned before, no Wifi either. Wasn't a problem for me as I could plug my computer into their internet jack, but some devices don't have that option.Room itself was decent for the price. But don't play the slots there, you can't win!
1	Want to go to a free show?  Honestly, I was asked that at least 50 times in two days.  It was so bad that I had to find a different casino to gamble.  The rooms are alright, but I wasn't planning on being in the room that long anyway.  Food was good at the steak restaurant .  Charges for room is misleading.  Huge resort fee above the advertised price.Next time to Vegas I plan on taking myself and my gambling to another hotel.  They made an extra $40 on bogus fees, but lost out on the $1000 I lost at a nearby hotel.Won't be going back to what use to be my favorite hotel in Vegas.Ps. Do not do a late check out.  Something like $20, so u think.  Then u get ur bill and see resort fees tagged on.  My previous day room charge was cheaper than My late check out.Sad things are so corrupt!
3	We almost always stay here when we visit vegas. Mostly because it's affordable for us cause how much time do you actually spend in the room?? Why pay 200+ a night to stay in the room for a few hours?! It's nothing fancy, pretty simple, a little old looking but always clean when we go.  Just a place to sleep and shower and have a little fun
4	i stayed here recently it was very pleasant and the staff is very nice and accomodating. If you are on a budget this place is perfect has alot of fast food choices and located at the tip of the main strip...all you have to do is cross the bridge and you are at new york new york. The only thing was the regula m lige was closed when i checked in...i went to the other mlife and then checked in got to my room.l, the keys did not work and there were pink panties on the handle, the nice security guard openes our door and there was a huge stain in the carpet, we went down they changed our room and etc our whole check in was pushing two hours to get settled in.
3	The room was clean and that is really all I need in a room. However, since this is a "resort" on the strip I did expect more. which is why I only gave them 3 stars. The "Free WiFi" advertised, is only available in the casino and there is an Ethernet chord in the room. I brought only my phone so that didn't help me at all, who does that in a hotel? I have a complete understanding that certain charges are not within the hotel's control, but a resort fee should cover certain resort type of amenities. For example, WiFi, shuttle service and the like. Neither was really complimentary so it was kind of a bummer. A vacation is best spent out on the town, so obviously these things didn't ruin my trip, but they are certainly meant for conversation.
2	This place is a disgrace.  You can see that this is a horrible place as soon as you enter the hotel.  All the employees there are trained to generate revenue I guess.  On my first day I asked one Nigerian employee about the Buffet and he showd my how to get to the Buffet place.  I went there only to find out that the Buffet was closed for renovations.  This dude was only interested in selling the show tickets and he did not care how he treated the "Guests".The room had no coffee machine and no wifi.  The bed was good though.Please stay away from this place!!
1	This is one of the worst hotel experiences ever. First of all the room is outdated the furnitire smelled old, looked about 50 years old, and the dark ugly carpet was stained and torn and had cigarette burns. No wifi. Also their staff constantly bugs you offering tickets for shows etc. I would never stay here again.
2	Really good hotel if you love cigarette smoke. A lot of families seem to stay here - presumably because it's cheap. I suppose these are also the same families that come to Vegas and end up eating at McDonald's. I stayed here for 3 days free using MyVegas rewards points and still felt cheated. The bed and pillows made my neck hurt, the air made my nose bleed, and seeing parents bring their children during a school day made me weep for society. To be fair, the latter isn't Excalibur's fault. Just an observation.Do yourself a favor and save up money to stay at New York New York if you're looking for an inexpensive hotel. But if you must stay at Excalibur I guess you can rationalize it by telling yourself at least it's not The Quad.
2	The Excalibur - in all my years of going to Vegas this is one of the few places I haven't been into - it is a larger location, has a lot of families staying here due to the cheaper room rates, and the kid-like attractions. The casino is pretty large and can take some time to navigate, especially if you are trying to figure out how to reach other hotels if you are crusing through on your way to the Luxor or the New York New York across the street. The casino floor is also more smokey than some of the others - which makes me wonder why people would want to bring little kids into this particular place. I usually end up just passing through on my way to other hotels in the area and you might find yourself doing the same....
3	Well, just stayed there over the weekend and you get what you pay for.  If you want a cheap hotel on the strip,  this is it.  Dont expect anything fancy.  This was a classic room, one tv with basic programming, normal bathroom, two regular noisy beds, out of date furniture and that's it.  I didn't like that you could hear almost everything and I mean everything from the room next door thru the room connecting doors. This is basically why I gave a three stars rating.  I think the hotel could do something better to improve this.  The fire sprinklers looked rusty,  I assume these get tested.  Sorry but I just couldn't keep the 1980 MGM fire out of my head.  We did see improvements on the Fun Dungeon area, my kids loved it. The staff was nice and helpful.  The "want a free show" people are kind of annoying. We probably heard that at least 20 times a day. Most likely will look for a different hotel next time we go to Vegas.
4	I stayed 3 nights at the Excalibur Hotel in Las Vegas, NV on 11/21/2014, 11/22/2014 and 1123/2014.  It was the first time that I stayed here.  I stayed in tower 2 which is newly renovated.  My bill for the room was just over $300 total for the three nights.  I love the medieval theme of the Excalibur.  Plus, I took photos.
3	EVERYBODY is here right now. For the budget & kids, this is the spot though! There is plenty PG-13 things to do within Excalibur, MGM Grand & New York New York. Put on comfy shoes unless u hitting the club cuz you will b walking.
2	11/28/14 my husband and I decided to stay here to bring our daughter for the first time! However, we thought the experience would have been a great one, well, it was ok... When we checked in, we had great customer service from the reception check in area. After that, not so much! The next morning, we had called for house cleaning service as we headed out for the day, we came back after 2 hours later, and the room was still not cleaned, ok, we had to get ready for Dinner, after dinner and a night out, 6 hours later, we come back and still, room was not cleaned!!! My husband called them and their response was they were busy! Cleaning service came at 1am and cleaned up. Other than that, all was great, and not to mention getting approached 100 times "how long are you staying here, let me show you"!?!?! Uugh hahaha, I had to lie and say each day it was my last day or I was a local so these people would leave me alone! The BEST PART WAS THE STEAK HOUSE OF CAMELOT!! And just the lil food area makes a perfect area for a quick late night snack! Over all it ok, but I think we'll stay somewhere else next time:)  !
1	We stayed in Tower 1 from  Tues 11/24/2014 to 11/30/2014 . We have only stayed here in   Vegas for last 6 years when we come,     That may change due to issues below We were extremely unhappy with the harassment from the time share people who just wont leave you alone even when you say no.  This needs to be improved immediately or we will go to another casino. We went to Harrahs and Flamingo and the time share people are few and far between and closer to strip . Excalibur assistant Manager Tori was nice and refunded our resort fee and apologized  but said they rent the space.  GET RID OF THESE PEOPLE THEY ARE HURTING YOUR BUSINESS FORCING GOOD PEOPLE  TO GO ELSEWHERE.  LOOSEN THE SLOTS SO PEOPLE CAN PLAY AND WIN LIKE OTHER CASINOS DO. Excalibur management needs to reduce or get rid of these people so customers can relax and have fun. who wants to get bullied into time shares trips to get tickets to shows you don't want to see anyway   The slot machines were tighter than they have ever been. They need to be a little loose as we were forced to go play other places. I know the machines can be loosened to pay more, All  people want is for the machine to  play with you a little more. Excalibur is a fun place but cannot compete with the Harrahs and flamingos because of location. improving gambling and comps would make you more competitive .The resort fee of $20.00 per day is a joke and you get bad slow internet and nothing else. this needs  to be improved. the m life players card gives you nothing unless you spend like 2k Room service did not clean our room  till 3 every day. that needs to improve  We used to love it here but a lot of things have changed for the worse.
3	It's not 1993 and the Excalibur is no longer the gem of the strip. With places like the Cosmo, Wynn, and Aria classing things up and doing things to suit a younger crowd, the Excalibur is definitely dates. It seems old and dirtier, and like it caters to the families now. But the Excalibur is by no means bad. Its perfectly okay as far as cheep hotels on the strip go. For my non-existent college student budget I'll take a $20 room any day over actually spending money to stay somewhere awesome on the strip. It's worth the walk to and from the castle to stay so cheep on Las Vegas Blvd. The rooms are nice sized and really all you need from a room. The casino is okay. The price tho makes it well worth my recommendation.
3	Great price and kid friendly. Pool has water slides and the staff was friendly. The beds are comfortable and the view was nice too.
1	Old and ugly rooms. Paid $20 for an upgrade..felt like I was staying in a dungeon. My view looks like I'm looking at a prison. Boooooooo!!!
3	Not a bad hotel but not a great hotel. Our room served its purpose sleeping and.... Ok this is the clean review.  The room could have had a refrigerator tower two seems to be the better tower as we had friends stay in tower one and they have a wall view. Lots of walking so bring your walking shoes.  Otherwise a good experience.
2	This place needs a heavy supply of air filters. The room was so dirty that we couldnt breathe after sleeping. The casino is average - same games and sports book as the others.
4	Great place! Nice and helpful staff n reasonable prices! Try to get a tower room! Worth the upgrade !! here for hubby's bday n I have to say I am so happy to do my grading here! Makes finals better to be in a cushy place. Also a good spot for a little getaway.
3	This isn't a bad hotel if you are on a budget. We arrived Friday night at 8pm..... came in from Tower II parking lot. I didn't think parking was that bad. Check in was super easy! I had already reserved and paid for our hotel online through hotels.com ( $100 for the weekend) I read the fine print before even booking that shows a resort fee so wasn't surprised when I had to pay an extra $40 at check in.Signed me up with Mlife card which really does give you awesome discounts when used. Our room was clean and at this price on the strip you should be happy that it is clean and cheap. Of course our room was only for sleeping. Come on people, it's Vegas how much time are you really going to spend in your room?Loved the upstairs food and shopping areas! That is very convenient and to be able to travel directly to The Luxor and Mandalay Bay without leaving the hotel is awesome! If you are going for a weekend getaway and want to spend more money on other things then a really nice hotel then this is your spot. Was bummed that the buffet here was closed though and our room did not come with a coffee maker! What hotel doesn't have a coffee maker in the room? Ya, this one!
3	They have alot of food options on the second floor. The food court is always open and ready. I love baja fresh. They have an awesome shrimp burrito. The fun dungeon downstairs  is filled full of carnival games for the kids and arcade games. The rooms are average. Tower 2 rooms are better cause your right by the  pool and gym/spa.
1	If only I could give a 0 star,  this place is dirty,  smells and the hotel is very old. The dealers,  oh how rude they are...  They actually laugh at you when you lose money.  Never going their again!
4	4 stars. Very average Casino/hotel but the vale cannot be beat and thus reaches us at 4 stars.  Always one of the best prices if not the best price on the strip and still get the full casino experience. Have stayed here several times and will continue to do so when looking to save money on hotel.
2	I first experienced Excalibur around 1996 or 97 shortly after it originally opened and really loved the place back then. I have to admit that I haven't been back inside the place until recently... but boy... have things changed. I would say it is your average casino/resort on the strip and that the room prices are fair and can sometimes be some of the cheapest in Las Vegas. It has a great location right next to Luxor and NY NY and a stone's throw from places like Mandalay Bay and Caesar's.That being said, I would use the term "run down" to describe my room. The walls had stains, the curtains had stains, and the carpet had stains. I even had some very small spots of mildew in the shower. Look, I'm not expecting the Four Seasons here, but I do expect it to appear clean. We also experienced problems with the air conditioner... it seemed to only blow warm air. We called the front desk and they had someone fix it while we were out. When we got back, we just let the A/C run because we were afraid to touch it and have it blow hot air again.As previously mentioned by some other Yelpers, the parking can be a bit far if you get stuck way out there. Not too bad of a hike unless you're stuck in 104 degree heat.Not bad if you are on a budget.A $27 dollar room? = You get what you pay for.Overall: a very pedestrian experience.PROS: cheap, great location, prompt fix of A/CCONS: dirty, run down, in need of a lot of TLC, parking can be a nightmare if you get stuck way out there.
2	We stayed at Excalibur for 3 days the week before Christmas. The room was clean but that's all I can say for it. It was very dated and the wall paper was peeling. Our window faced a wall, so no view. We were stalked every time we went in or out of the hotel by people saying they would give you vouchers for your stay but simply wanted to sell you tickets. We had a noisy floor with a man across the hall yelling at all hours of the night. Didn't get any sleep. When we left someone was smoking pot in one of the rooms that we could smell in the hallway. These are supposed to be non smoking rooms with fire alarms that are supposed to go off when you smoke. I can honestly say I will not be back.
5	Excellent buffet with great service. Super inexpensive for $18 per person!! The buffet at Excalibur opened up on dec 23, 2014 and we visited it two days later on Christmas Day. Everyone in the service team was excellent - ready to spring into action as soon as you ask for anything. The food options were amazing - freshly made crepes, pastries, freshly made omelettes, fruit, oatmeal, Latin food, desserts - you name it!! We were totally not expecting such good food. Good job, Excalibur! Hope you keep it up. :-)
1	Shittiest place to stayNo rooms are non smoking hereResorts fee with non working  internet included yada uada fees includeNo parking available no valet service valet is fullRoom door won't lockIn general pay for everything but don't get serviceBetter find cheapest place to stay than paying and not getting services
4	I have never spent the night here but I have done quite a bit of gaming here.On the gaming side it has been very lucrative, and this one particular casino, has made a record number of instant millionaires.Regarding the casino.....and the overall resort. it does not require any sort of renovation, and look just as good as it did 20 years ago. but it is in desperate need of better signage. There are very few signs anywhere so once you're inside you usually will require assistance to get to your next location.I think the exterior architecture is timeless and beautiful.... especially at night.I have not eaten at some of the fancier places. but Dicks Last Resort, must try on my next visit in February 2015. Somehow eating steak at the steakhouse if you are solo, seems like a good way to attract females hookers. but I would love it if they were male hookers! Just kidding.The newly remodeled food court is a feast for the eyes and stomach. make certain to use all of your coupons, if you are staying at Lux or or Excalibur. the prices are only a dollar or two higher dad if you were in your own neighborhood location. the tables are kept spotlessly clean as is the entire area.I am not at all keen on Medieval architecture....but this place does it right, and I did not ask my opinion before building it. It reminds me of a vastly larger and more colorful version of the Disney Castle. but with clearly adult aspirations.Some may differ..... but I do not think that any Resort Casino in Las Vegas, is a place for children. Period.that is not to say that should be sheltered. but parents work hard for their money, it should be allowed to have fun without worrying about their children. It is also painful to go out to eat and have to sit next to a family, with a crying child, who not a fault of its own, is an unfamiliar and loud circumstances with its sleep schedule disrupted. You get the point.Lastly..... this place has an outstanding an electric vibe that is sincere and welcoming.
5	Excellent buffet with great service. Super inexpensive for 18$ per person.The food options were amazing.Good job Excalibur Hope you keep it up
4	Great Hotel! They were accommodating and we got an upgrade to the suite. I loved our room, great view, Jacuzzi, marble countertops in the bathroom, a safe and an amazing bed. The hotel has restaurants to go and eat, casino, pool and spa. The spa was amazing and they have fantastic deals. P.S this is def a child friendly hotel (There were children everywhere)
1	We were robbed while my husband and two little girls were SLEEPING!!!  The person stole $1000 in cash and do you know what Excalibur did for us? A breakfast buffet for four (worth $60) which we were told we had to use it at the Luxor because they didn't have a buffet.  This ended up not being true, they did have a buffet. The management was less than sympathetic and said there was nothing they could do about it.  NEVER STAYING THERE AGAIN.  This is a sorry excuse for a hotel.  Very disappointed in the management and their lack of empathy and the way they handled our situation.TELL YOUR FRIENDS!!
4	Just spent 3 days there. I usually stay at the Monte Carlo but decided to switch things up this time.after reading some of the reviews I was getting worried but to my surprise the room was very clean and well taken care of. The gaming was awesome and the restaurants were also very good especially Dicks Last Resort it was the bomb. I would recommend this place for anyone that want s to go to Vegas on the cheap. Well worth every penny I spent!
4	Fun casino with lots to do for the whole family. The arcade is one of the largest I've seen on the strip with tons of affordable games and tournament of kings is an awesome show
1	BE CAREFUL!!  I took the wife and kids here after Christmas/before New Years Eve for a small getaway.  Average hotel, but be careful with the doors and lock you things up.  They do not close tight unless you slam or push/pull them.  My wife went gambling between midnight and 3:30 am while I was sleeping with the kids.  I did not put the latch-lock on because she needed to get back in.  Iphone and ipad were charging on the floor.  Wallet and coin purse on the entertainment center.  ROBBED while we were sleeping.  Filed the report with security and they said they do "push checks" on the doors at night, so this must be a problem.  Maintenance man came up the next morning and said that was normal.  They do not seem too caring about the fact that we were robbed while sleeping and lost over $1100 worth of Apple equipment.  That can be replaced, but just creepy someone was in the room taking from us.  They have security downstairs and you have show your keycard, but they could be easily distracted.  They said there is a law that prohibits putting cameras in the hallways due to privacy issues.  I'm not sure about the validity of that, or they may just be too cheap to add that.No frig or coffee pot in the room.  Annoying people asking you for free tickets every time you enter the hotel, which is really to get you to listen to a sales pitch to buy property.  Kids like the game area downstairs.  Lots of places to eat on the 2nd floor.  I would not stay there again unless they gave me a free stay because of this.  If I did, I would lock everything in the safe, latch the door, and trap the door.  I doubt they will reimburse any losses, so I can only file a police report and start rebuilding my life stolen in my wallet.
1	Bed Bugs!!!!! Stayed here to break in the New Year and got attacked by Bed Bugs! The stuff the front desk managers made us go through to get us out of the room was very unprofessional! They sent our clothes out to get cleaned and we waited over 24 hours to get them back. Nothing like spending your New Years Eve in a room infested with Bed Bugs!
1	Um. Gross.  I came here on a conference and because we were new grads, one of our friends chose this hotel for budgeting purposes and it was a bad mistake because at the end of the day, we would  have only each paid several extra dollars to stay in a more decent (and most importantly, CLEANER hotel).  As soon as you walk into this hotel, you smell a mix of cheap perfume (that is nauseating), sweat, and smoke.  If you don't pass out and die, and you manage to make it upstairs, you end up in the dingiest rooms possible.  My bed had mysterious stains.  I have NO idea what they were nor did I want to think about it.  I also spent a good 15 minutes with a hair dryer on the sheets hoping there were no bed bugs.  On the outside, Excalibur looks...cute(???).  Actually, it looks like it's a pop-up castle from a cheap 80s game.I would never go back again.  I actually had to pass by here on my recent trip (I was taking the Mandalay Bay tram) and walking through that casino again brought that headache back to me (and the horrible memories of being in this hotel). Would never ever return to stay.  They seriously need to clean this place up or at least get new bed sheets or something...
1	This used to be a decent hotel.  I will never stay here again!  The customer service is terrible and the manager didn't have any better customer service.   The rooms are outdated and if you want an updated room it cost extra.  Why not just update all the rooms?!  This place is turning into Circus Circus.... trashy.
1	This place is a big NO. Very disappointed in the room. I know you're thinking, "you're not even in the room that much", right? Right. Because we were running downstairs to get Wi-Fi signal, running downstairs to get coffee (in the morning), and running down the hall to get more ice to keep our wine cold because the room didn't even have a damn mini-fridge. We paid $18/day "resort fee" which was SUPPOSED to include Wi-Fi, but you had to be in a "public" place to get a signal. Prior to check out, I asked where their business center was to print out our boarding passes..........uh, yeah, about that: just swipe your credit card in front of everyone in the lobby and you have 5 minutes of "access" to the internet and supposedly can print out your boarding passes. OR, do like we did and leave 10 minutes earlier than we intended to leave and have the friendly staff at JetBlue print them out for free.Never again!
1	Never again.I am a big fan of the MGM Properties and I am an elevated Member of the Mlife Players Club, so when I was told I could get an upgraded room here at the Excalibur for basically next to nothing.  I just had to jump on it.Big Mistake.Amenities that were promised in the suite were not there, had to call for it but never got there.  Part of the cabinet in the sink was broken, even had the house keeping supervisor come and take a look at it, and she said she'd call engineering on Day 1.  On Day 3 when I left still broken.  A/C didn't work either, the controls had ran out of battery so I called guest service to fix it.  Apparently they took the controls off the wall, and then cracked open the protective case for the AC unit, then and only then could I control the AC unit.The facility itself is a bit rustic, but I mean I guess it goes with the theme.  The cleanliness of it when I went down to gamble on the floor and on the sports book, well you can tell it's been wiped down, but nothing had been scrubbed.  I would definitely take a look at other properties in the MGM chain because I am a fan, but yeah not staying here again.
3	I booked a tower deluxe room for $37/night but it was too cramped for 3 people so I asked for an upgrade. The front desk worker suggested a contemporary tower deluxe so I went along with it for about $43 more. She also switched us from tower 1 to tower 2 for free claiming that it was more up to date. It was still motel-like, only differences were that it included a "marble" top sink, hot tub, and view of the NYNY Hotel instead of a parking lot, whoopee. The AC is old-fashioned, the ones that sit under the window. Their pool isn't nice and neither is their shower but you get what you pay for. I also heard that MANY people got robbed here, even when their room was occupied. Creeped me out and scared me of ever returning. 3 stars for not getting robbed and being able to check-out via email.
4	Despite the bad reviews, and my last experience I had at Excalibur, this last one was a pretty good one. My boyfriend & I arrived the day after my 21st birthday on November 7th of 2014, we were beyond exhausted, I was ready to pass out the moment I walked off that plane, and the fact that I knew I had to wait until 3pm to check in already made me want to cry. The moment we got to the front desk, our agent was really accommodating. And even know they almost didn't accept my boyfriends company card to accept our payment for the rest of the balance I'm sooooo glad they did. I could tell the supervisor was pretty pissed and she clearly showed it on her face(she was rude) when our agent accepted our payment anyway. And she also waived our early check in fee for my birthday! Pretty sure her name was Ilene, or Ivette, something like that. She was amazing. Her supervisor (can't remember her name) not so nice. Now on to the room....the time before this past time my hotel experience was horrible so I made sure we stayed in one of the new rooms that the Excalibur offers. We stayed in the contemporary tower king view NON SMOKING room for 3 nights and it was amazing! A little small, but still really fun. It was really clean every time we entered the room after a long night of partying. The bed was so comfortable the moment my boyfriend and I layed down, we passed out. they could've had an extra blanket or two since it's freezing in there, but other then that so dank comfortable. We had a really great view and no problems with our room at all.The rest of our stay was amazing. Except for the annoying people by the elevators trying to get you with show texts and also at the entrance of the hotel. One night I had to put a lady in her place, they never hassled us again. So besides those annoying people, the horrible cigarette smoke in the casino(it's Vegas), and the really rude supervisor. We had a great time. We probably won't be coming back for awhile, gonna try something new for our next vegas trip. But I'd definitely recommend the excalibur for anyone trying to go to Vegas, not spend so much on a room and still have enough to have a great time.
