5	Amazing food and a great atmosphere! This place is so neatly decorated on the inside with Korean books, music, memorabilia, etc. The food is amazing and very nicely priced! They have a unique selection of cocktails as well as a wide variety. The server we had was very kind and frequently checked it to make sure everything was tasting great! Definitely recommend this place for anyone who loves Korean and a little atmosphere.
4	Alright same owners as Oyshi Sushi just a few doors down, Andy (nicest guy) who manages Oyshi gave the suggestion to check out their new spot... Soyo. I came in a group of 7 and got the larger booth to the right upon entrance which worked perfectly. The decor is alright nothing too overdone but nothing to write home (Yelp) about, but the big plus for me was the chalk board wall that they let you draw on if you want just keep the words clean. The service is a few of the overflow employees from Oyshi which i have always received great service so no complaints there. The Soju was tasty and decent portions for the money at $12 per order and feeding 7 i think we managed almost 2 shots per order for everybody which was  a nice surprise. The different flavors was excellent but i think the lychee was the favorite among my group. The food was pretty solid for more like bar style food rather than a full on meal. The soups were tasty and served in generous portion, the Korean style pancake was very tasty as well, but my favorite without doubt was the chili/honey wings... coated in a thick honey and chili paste that i could have put on my napkin and eaten. All in all i will say -Food 8.5-9 / 10 -Atmosphere 7.5-8 / 10 -Service 9 / 10 -Value 9 / 10 Soyo does it right for an evening out among friends for some light eating and Soju and great conversation. I think that the management/ owners of Oyshi and Soyo have a good recipe going for how to present a restaurant and deliver with their customers. Many kudos their direction from me.
5	Incredible!!  I have been craving Korean food like crazy and this place make those cravings 10 times worse.  First, the atmosphere is great...it's mellow with some kpop playing in the background.  And the drinks are fantastic as well...my favorite, by far, was the yogurt soju cocktails.  They're sweet and super light, but you'll definitely feel the effects fast.  Order the pitcher, it's a great deal.But the food is the real star.  We started off with seafood dduk boki (spicy seafood with korean ricecake tubes) and it was super fresh and delicious.  Also, the owners were kind enough to send us over a pot of free odeng (fishcakes in a bubbling hot broth) and it was sooo good, especially dipped in the special soy sauced based sauce.  We also ordered the korean chicken wings (sticky, spicy, amazing), the kimchi fried rice (the best I've ever had, next to mom's), the spicy bbq pork (really smokey and a little spicy...super good), the cold noodles, and the bi bim bap.  Everything was incredible and we left stuffed.  Also, the prices are very reasonable, the service was excellent, and did I mention how good the food is??Check it out, asap!
5	One of the best Korean places I've been to in town. Unlike the usual places where you are served by ajummas (aunties) who don't speak english, this place is young and posh. The servers are super nice and speak adequate english. The service can get confusing when the place gets busy, however this is mainly due to their being newly opened. I'm sure once they've got a system going, it will settle down.Soyo has a nice atmosphere with kpop playing (they turn it up and dim the lights after 10). Surprisingly, despite their hip atmosphere, they have a nice mixture of traditional korean dishes along with trendier fusion dishes. No barbecue though. Try the Seafood Pancake, Spicy Tofu Soup, and Very Spicy Chicken. Also worth noting is their decent selection of ice cold beers and soju fruit cocktails. I've been back several times and each time has left me craving for moe.
5	Awesome! 3 people and under $35! Would come again for food and drinks!
4	I tried this place the last Tuesday and am not dissapointed.  This place looks very authentic, with very nice waitstaff.  I enjoyed the tea that comes with the dinner.  We ordered the spicy soft tofu seafood soup and the stone pot bi bim bap.  Both tasted very good and the side dishes were as well. Our waitress was very on point.  She offered us more side dishes when she saw that we have finished it.  Usually, we will have to wave down the waitress to refill, but not here.
4	4 stars for great service and providing korean food so close to where I live.  food wasn't fantastic, but it was good enough for the price.  we had ttuk bok ki (which was really good), kimchee fried rich (it was ok) and bibimbap in a hot pot (was decent).   I can see myself becoming a regular.
5	I miss Vegas!! Not for it's clubs and nightlife on The Strip, but because of SOYO!  I'm usually not a fan of soju, not even yogurt soju.  Something about being able to still taste the alcohol even though it's mixed in well... but I don't know what Soyo does to theirs that it was addicting! Thank goodness my ex-housemate brought me out to a local place. I loved it!  They have booths and regular tables, but choose the booth. It's a really comfy and cozy.  We sat there, drank, gossiped, and ate for almost 3 hours? The employees were so kind and kept refilling out bottles up with more yogurt soju.  Big tip for them! They even shared their secret to making yogurt soju at home (we didn't know how much to add of the three ingredients!)Bottle after bottle, it was delicious!  Forget about XS, Tao, and Haze. I'm going to Soyo next time I'm back in Vegas :)
4	I think that I came out a happy camper with Soyo not because they have amazing food, but because it is what it is.  It's a great place to hang out, have drinks and have some decent korean bar food from early in the evening to LATE at night.  For those who hang out in el-Lay know what I mean.  Good 'ol soups, stews, finger foods and sausage (blood/intestine).  Food wise...1.  Chicken wings with special sauce - deep fried wings drenched in a gojuchang mixture.  it was sweet, spicy and satisfying.  who can turn down wings?2.  korean sausages - this is not the typical meat sausage.  this is made of blood\vermicelli/intestine.  yum yum3.  fish cake soup - thin slices of fish cakes with hearty broth4.  stew/jigae of rice cakes, veggies/kimchi and instant noodles - appetizing hearty stew at any time of day!Conclusion:  Fun times and fun food.  I'm going back!
5	Love it! The food is four stars, but I give it an extra star for their exceptional service. The atmosphere is great, nice and cozy. Fun place to drink and socialize with your friends!
4	On a big stretched popular street in a big city of Korea, there are great number of neon glow of theme cafes, pubs, bars, or restaurants are located side by side. It's always lively and fun! In the past, I've been to lots of late night eatery places just like 'Soyo Barstaurant' back in my home town and the other night, I was hoping that this might be the place I can have a great time with a small group of friends on typical Friday or Saturday nights in Las Vegas. Yup! I think I found one :p Soyo is a great place to grab a bite to eat & a drink. These are the things that I like to share with you after tasting their foods and drinks:) 1. Atmosphere-comfortable booth, simple color of decoration and design, music is mixed & fun(the most recent K-pop music plus some American pop songs were playing, no signs of smoking inside of restaurant 2.Food Selections- The menu is extensively focusing on traditional favorites(Korean-style appetizers) & dinner for 2-4 cooked on the plate of steel(ex: I had a bean sprouts, pork ,squid, & vegetables with spicy sauce cooked on the table. All dinner comes with small dishes such as kimchi, radish kimchi, cucumber pickles, stir fried fish cake w/ onion, spinach , & etc.) 3.Drink- Domestic or Korea beer, Soju of choice, Soju with flavors(ex: I tried their pineapple & lychee this time,, sweet, fruity, & yogurt taste :p) I remember my friend used to joke with me~ a liquor, Soju, is a elixir of life?!  A Soju is the best cure for a Soju hangover??? LOL I Love SOJU!!! 4. Service-Attentive & very friendly :) The server was smiling all times and brought over things to my table whatever I needed. Never run out with my free roasted barley tea with ice. I wish we have more fun places for the locals in town..Soyo is a good local combined BAR & RESTAURANT spot you can hang out with your buddies until late at night! I think I will be visiting Soyo again real soon~~~
5	This place could be one of the reason that I am heading back to Vegas.We found this place after a long day of climbing/hiking. It was 10:30pm, all we want is some delicious Korean food, but Yelp pointed us to this place that is totally outside the normal Spring Moutain stripe, but we were like what the heck. I have to say, Yelp didn't dissapoint. This place open late, similar to a Japanese izakaya, this is a drinking place that came with good dishes.We tried:Their special which is sprout, pork belly, squid cooked in spicy sauce. Yummmm!Korean saugage that came with cold cut liver. YummmmmmmKimchi fried rice, yummmmmmmRice noodle with spicy sauce, yummmmmThe thing is that no one dish is the best I ever tasted, but the varitey and how each is solid on its own made our tummies really happy.Drinks:  they have good selection of draft beers, about 6. We had a pitcher of morimoto buckweed beer. Their beers are really chilled that went down really smooth.Service: Our waiter is fantastic, came by a few times during our meal to make sure things are cool.Decor: casual and cute.We walked out happy, and this place is added to our usual vegas, drinking, clubbing, shopping, climbing, eating itinerary.
4	We likey this late night guker joint. Thats right, We Can use the word cause We Asians ;) It's your  " typical-not so typical-neighborhood korean bar-in a strip mall-with bombdiggulous grub" ??The place looks and feels cool inside with Korean comics and video games. They play all your fav Korean hip hop and top 40 jams at typical dining volume levels of around 150 db. The servers are super cool cause they wear true religion jeans and have bad-ass anime action hero hair styles. Even if they are done shift and sitting with their friends from the Asian club of unlv, slammin Johnny Walkie Blacks down their gullets they still put out some truly attentive service. Fo real! The food is usually consistently tasty and riddled with Kim chee base. Get the wings, Kim chee pancake, mackerel and pineapple soju and enjoy this gem of a joint!
4	Met up with some friends tonight at this place next to one of my favorite sushi eateries: oyishi (but that's a different review). The chicken wings were delicious. I liked the crunch to the skin and the taste of the sauce, which had the perfect hint of spice. It was spicy, but not too hot that it disarms your taste buds.  I was surprised I didn't have to use the pickled dikon to cool my mouth. (I tried it anyway and thought it was pretty good).Also ordered the kimchi fried rice. It cane out with an over-hard egg on top. This dish was pretty tasty. However, I was a little disappointed it didn't have more of a kimchi flavor.The pork cutlet with cheese on top (sorry, but I can't remember the name) was also very tasty and the favorite among all at the table. I enjoyed the crunchy thin layer of breading around the outside and the cheese and the light sauce. Everything in that dish worked well together.Last but not least, the soju. We tried the lemon soju which tasted like lemonade. Very dangerous. Haha. We also ordered the raspberry one, which turned out to be a raspberry wine. Nice surroundings. Nice staff. Nice food and drink. Will def come back again to try more and drink more.
4	Endearing. The owners did a great job mixing old traditional with modern. The place is very inviting with wooden benches and traditional Korean silver ware (that means clay dishes and round tin cans to drink out of). The food is an array of all the popular Korean dishes. It comes in moderate proportions, so you can get a tasting of everything..if you share that is. Don't expect the best Korean food you've ever had. It's about the experience. It's the perfect place to grab a bite to eat and drinks with friends.
5	My favorite Korean restaurant in the city! What I always order: Soon Dubu and Bi Bim Bap. The staff doesn't ask you what spice level, it just comes out the standard Korean hot - which is amazing. There is also those small app plates that they give before the courses. They change from time to time which makes me think that they are homemade and fresh. I really like the decor too. I like my privacy so I usually take a booth spot. I haven't had a chance to play the video game machines that they have in the front but I will one day. I wonder if they have the old school Street Fighter... do people still put a quarter up to save their spot? Ahhh, the good old days.
4	A decent Korean restaurant in the southwest area without breaking the bank!We've been meaning to hit up Soyo Barstaurant for awhile, so was pretty happy when one of our friends suggested that place for her birthday dinner.We had a pretty huge group - at least twenty people.  We easily took over the two long tables in the middle, although there was still plenty of room in the booth-like tables, and in the little loft area on the right when you enter.One thing I definitely appreciate are the bottles of iced Korean tea readily available on the tables.  This makes life (for customers and employees) so much easier because then you don't have to wave the staff down for refills every few minutes.  The unusual thing (for most of us) were the gold bowls on the tables.  We could only assume they were cups for drinking, but were a bit unsure.They started off with three different kinds of banchan that evening - cabbage kim chee, string beans, and fish cake.  A bit skimpy on the banchan side of things, but was overlooked.Four of us decided to share a few items:* Kim Chee Fried Rice ($7) - This was topped with a fried egg.  It was REALLY good, surprisingly tasty and really enjoyable.  Something I don't usually order, but would definitely order again at Soyo.* Beef Short Ribs with Korean BBQ Sauce ($12) - A bit tough to eat, but had a good flavoring and the right amount of time on the grill.  We couldn't complain about the price either.* Spicy Pork Ribs ($10) - Another dish that the boys devoured and enjoyed.  The price wasn't too bad for this dish as well.* Spicy Soft Tofu with Seafood, Beef or Pork Soup ($8) - I was pretty stuffed by the time this dish arrived.  It was pretty standard for a soft tofu soup, and I chose the seafood option for it.They also have quite a few things they describe as "Korean tapas" and lots more entree options.The only real complaint was the service.  It was a bit understaffed with only two people working.  They should have had another person, especially with our large party that took over.  We had to remind them about certain items - rice, for example.Overall, everyone was surprised with how the bill turned out.  Even with alcohol, it was a lot less expensive that most people thought it was going to be.  Soyo Barstaurant is a welcome addition to the area and we hope they stick around.  They're open late too!
4	Wednesday my Dad and I decided to have a father-daughter lunch date :) Undecided on where we wanted to go or what we wanted to eat, I hopped here on Yelp (My trusty inside scoop), and searched for restaurants near Glaziers Market which is a place both of us were going to check out for the first time. I was in the mood for any type of Asian food (when am I never?hehe) and since my dad was Sushi'd out from the day before, I decided I was in the mood for some Korean food. Narrowing my search down to the Southwest side, this place was the second on this list. The four and a half stars caught my attention :) Scanning over a couple of reviews, I suggested this place to my dad, and (YES!) he agreed. niiice.We arrive at the restaurant and behold, the Sushi restaurant I've been wanting to try, but was too lazy to look up the location, was right next door to this place...what a co-ink-ee-dink! :) I believe it was fate that brought me here....any who! My dad and I arrived here at Soyo Korean Barstaurant about an hour after opening, and I immediately got a good feeling about this place, since there were already three groups in here already enjoying their Iced Roasted Barley Teas, Manhwa's, the latest favorites of K-pop and of course-the food. We were seated immediately and given our menus, which were quite simple-three pages, clean and not the novel of choices full of pictures and such. The original names of the dishes were in Korean and next to it was the English explanation of the ingredients and what the dish is.My poor dad didn't know where to begin, so I asked what he wanted, and he was in the mood for soup. And of course, since I know my father-something spicy. So for him I ordered Kim chi Jjigae (spicy Korean stew made with fermented kimchi, pork and tofu) and for me, Seolleongtang (the soup base is made from slow cooked boiled ox bones.) The broth was clear/milky, Somen noodles, and slices of beef also in the soup and along with it came the green onions, salt and pepper paste which you choose to put in (it came on the side). And last but not least I ordered up Nok Du Jun (Pancake with Mung Bean, Pork and Kim chi). Of course side dishes and rice were also served, it was a lot of food, but we took our time eating, talking and enjoying each others company :) I'll tell you this, our tummy's were happy :D The waitress was also nice enough to get our order to-go ready at towards the end of our meal, since the little brother didn't come along, but was hungry...yea i don't get it either. Ha ha. We got him Kalbi and it came with rice, AND side dishes. We couldn't believe all of that was $12, great deal! I tell you, that Kalbi was Ono-licious!!!The atmosphere was cozy and the prices weren't bad at all either, we never got the chance to try any of the alcohol there :( but we'll save that for next time we come and visit!  I mean...they are open till 3AM!!!
4	spicy tofu seafood soup!oh happy day, a korean joint in my neighborhood.  it's like walking into a cozy little restaraunt in a young hip Korea.  star 1 for the simple decor and mini video games [street fighter..& I forget the other] a giant chalkboard wall.... star 2 for the manga you can pulloff the shelves and read if your sitting in a booth.. star 3 for a very cool and welcoming waiter, and a good menu with lots of stuff to choose from.star 4 for the yummy tasting and affordable foodthey start u off with a big container of iced barley tea... [yum] I love tea, And their tea was especially good paired with the food.  came for lunch and was very happy with the prices and selection.  we were starving so we decided we'd stay safe and order what we always ordered:shortribskim chee fried ricespicy seafood tofu soup..with your meal your given a bunch of sides: kim chee, kim chee radishes, cold noodles, green beans, and peppers..[very typical of Korean restaurants]  my favorite dish was definitely the tofu seafood soup. regular spice was just enough spice.. the soup was sooo good.   -short ribs had just alittle to much fat, but my husband likedit very much.  -kim chee fried rice was very good.   it was sticky and not to moist.  I hate moist watery rice! especially fried rice.   all in all I loved the coziness.. -very well kept and clean-our waiter was kind and courteous and checked on us often.. -we were filled up and even had left overs.we left satisfied and didn't have that feeling that we were robbed.will definitely come here again!
4	Pineapple Soju = UBER HAPPINESS
4	I wasn't sure what to think of this place at first. I can't remember the last time I ate at a Korean restaurant. I was impressed. The decor is great, very simple. Modern but classy. They have a good selection of seafood, tofu and meat dishes. We ordered the seafood pancake, mozzarella covered fire chicken, and tofu seafood soup. Everything tasted great and was well worth the experience. Although our server didn't seem to speak English, she was very kind and attentive. I will be returning.
5	This place is amazing. That's all I can say. We have been there twice now, and it gets better every time. You are greeted at the door and shown to your seat. The decoration is simple- very modern with a old school twist - great colors, chalkboard on the wall with drink specials and Anime in certain booths add a great flair to the Barstaurant. The food is unbelievable. Spicy - flavorful - colorful - amazing. I ordered the Kim Chee soup last night, absolutely great. We shared the Spicy Chicken with Mozzarella - extremely spicy, but great all the same. (and we love spicy food) We ordered a pork dish with sliced onions and peppers - another dish that comes in aluminum foil that has octopus and roasted whole garlic cloves. The garlic was so tender and sweet, not over powering at all. Our favorite is the pork with tofu - so amazing and I am drooling now just thinking about it. We did order a few more items, but I cannot remember now - maybe a post later to refresh my memory... When you sit, you are provided with an iced Barley Tea automatically - a great little treat. The service is good. I almost love the utensils as much as the food. The Iced Tea is served with thin metal bowls to drink out of. The chopsticks are metal and the soup spoon is awesome too. The dishes are served in heavy ceramic containers and the rice in a heavy metal bowl. As you can tell, I can't stop talking about this place and can't wait to go back. Being less than 10 minutes from my house, I have a feeling we will be sitting here at least once a week. Enjoy!
5	This place is really good, price is very reasonable, not your traditional Korean BBQ place. This is like the Korean "Ichiza". It's very simply decorated but has lots of character. It feels like a karaoke bar with dimmed lighting. LOLOk, now for the food.We went there around 5:30 on a weekday, there were couple tables in there already.  We were soon greeted by the friendly waiter and got seated. The give you tin bowls and a bottle of tea immediately. The tin bowls were cold, so it keeps the tea nice and cool for longer.We order the Pork Belly with Squid cooked on table, Beef Short Ribs and Vegetable Stew and Fried Dumplings with Special Dressing. The food came on a timely manner and we were started out with the Korean side dishes that usually is served in Korean restaurants. Friend Dumplings = 4 starsIt's not your traditional dumplings, the skin is made with rice flour it seems, and the inside is filled with rice noodles and ground meat, very flavorful.Pork Belly = 4 Stars This is cooked on the table, and it has squid, pork belly, and soy bean sprouts. It's spicy for me but it was really good. The only down side about this dish as it cooks down it could get a little salty.Beef Short Ribs = 5 stars! This is freaking amazing. The beef is so tender and flavorful, falls right off the bone and a non-spicy dish. This is so delicious! I would order this every time I go.The service is excellent, waiters were super friendly.  This is affordable & delicious Korean food for sure. The food comes to about $45 for the 3 of us and we left there stuffed and even had leftovers! Go try it!
5	This has become one of our little secrets....yum!First the atmosphere, clean, a little dark but nice, electronica and korean music mix, that was kind of weird but fine and a table that comes with a pitcher of barley tea and metal drinking apparatuses! Service is always spectacular and its not just because it's an asian thing :)Spicy rice cake and short ribs yummy yummy yummy!  Soups are good and every meal comes with the traditional additions like bean sprouts. kim chee, tofu etc.  So free stuff is always good! Try it out you won't be sorry and try lots of different things too because its always a great thing!
3	My hubby & I had dinner at Soyo for the first time the other night.  We normally eat at Korean Garden or Mother's on Spring Mtn for Korean, which we both love but we thought we would try something new.  Our first impression... somebody LOVES Halloween.  The restaurant is covered with Halloween decorations right now, its kinda funny.  The food is really inexpensive.  We ordered bul-gogi for $10 bucks which is normally $20 bucks elsewhere, but the food was so so.   We also ordered yuh-ke-jang (a spicy beef soup) and it wasn't all that great.  The broth wasn't that good.  We ended up ordering about 4 things (bibim-bap & also a korean pancake thing) and left spending $45 including tip.  They have great prices and awesome hours but the food could use some work.
4	Bar..Staraunt? Interesting play on words, but fitting as this is quite an interesting place. I'll start off by describing the design and atmosphere of this new hip Korean joint. Soyo is located in the same plaza as the well-reviewed, Oyshi Sushi. In fact, these two places are under the same management, after having been acquainted with the manager and owners. As you walk inside the dimly light place, you'll find a main section in the middle, with booth-like seating arrangements. On each adjacent side, there are additional booths on elevated platforms which are a bit more private and sectioned off. Stacks of manga, cute ceramics, arcade game machines and other random pieces of rustic Korean decorations adorn this place, and it all works together in a 'cute' way. Save for the upbeat, bubbly, and techno-heavy K-Pop music they always seem to play (I'm Korean myself, just personal preference) this place is often lively and full of people enjoying themselves. Now, on to the important stuff. The menu at Soyo contains your usual Korean items such as soups, casseroles, noodle and meat entrees but they don't get too crazy in offering specific variations of each, or the whole Korean BBQ table-grill experience. Instead, the real winner and crowd pleaser here seems to be their offerings of "street foods". Soyo offers some items that I haven't been able to find in any other Korean kitchen outside my own mom's. Real standouts are the:Buu Deh Jii Kae: Giant, spicy casserole of an unlikely combination of Spam, rice cake, onions, green onions and ramen noodles brought out and cooked on the table. Spicy Pork Belly Casserole: Sliced pork belly, bean sprouts and other veggies cooked in similar fashion as mention above. Dduk Bbokki: spicy rice cake and ramen noodlesChicken Wings: Korean style drummettes, served plain or slathered in a sweet, spicy, sesame seed topped sauce. Served with pickled Daikon cubes. I could name a few more, but I'm having a hard time remembering them correctly because I keep salivating over the Spamcakemen goodness. Obviously, the aforementioned dishes are really truly meant to be enjoyed slowly, with some friends and of course, alcohol. Aside from the usual Hite/OB light beer and plain soju, Soyo offers rice-wine, top quality spirits & cocktails, and a respectable beer selection for those beer connoisseurs. Which warrants bonus points for pleasing a beer snob like me. All in all, Soyo is not what you'll be expecting if you're searching for the finest in Korean cuisine or looking to fill up on barbecued Kalbi and Pork Belly. Instead, it's a great place to hangout with friends on a mellow night over some good Korean soul food and liquor. Don't shy away, it's worth checking out at least once. Plus, how can you not want to try a placed called a Barstaurant?
4	This place is a gem. It must be pretty new because it's right next to my optometrist and I've never seen it before. I guess I just opened myself up to vision jokes. Speaking of which, I should probably Yelp them too.Anyway, I chose this place based on some strong reviews from Yelp friends. As soon as you walk in, you just sense something different about the place. It has nice decor for sure, but I think what stood out for me were the two old school arcade games sitting near the entrance and the bookshelf full of Manga. (At least I think it's Manga, since I didn't look that closely).We were seated in a booth. The first thing I noticed was how nice the menus looked. I'm not sure why the word "menu" is in quotes, but I like it. The service is excellent. The guy that served us was very friendly and accommodating. On to the food.* Beef Short Ribs with Korean BBQ Sauce - These were as good as any Kalbi I've had before i.e. yummy.* Spicy Pork Ribs - These were a little tough, but good flavor and not too much spice.* Kim Chi Fried Rice - I love any dish that incorporates egg. This was good, but if I had to compare, I would pick the next dish.* Fried Rice with Smelt Egg in a Stone Pot - That probably isn't the exact name on the menu. I really enjoyed what the smelt egg added to the mix. I also enjoyed the crunchiness of the rice that hardened due to the hot stone pot. It reminded me of my Grandma's fried rice as a kid.They also bring out complimentary small plates of side items like Kim Chi, Spinach, Pickled Daikon Radish, and Fish Triangle thingies (that's what they're called). Oh and also complimentary - they bring out a pitcher of Barley Iced Tea, complete with metal bowl cups for you to drink out of. Rustic and unique, the cups reminded me of Tournament of Kings. Huzzah!For the three of us, there was plenty of food. We were all full by the end and we didn't even finish everything. The total only came out to about $40, so it's very affordable. I definitely want to return to try some more items.
5	Maybe it's because it's dipped nearly 20 degrees in the last week in Vegas, but I seriously think it's brrrrrr cold!!  When it's cold, I think of any food that's warm and cozy (ramen, chicken noodle soups, jigae, beef stews, pho, cinnamon rolls).  Soyo sure fits right into the warm and cozy because they offer all kinds of Korean comfort food.  We enjoyed...1.  starchy potato pancakes - Might I say even more enjoyable than the kimchi pancakes?2.  seafood soondubu - It's got a combination of tangy, spicy and warm your belly goodness!3.  chicken wings in special sauce - these are some mutant wings!  they are gi-normous!  delicious.4.  dolsot bi bim bap - this totally hit the spot for the windy days this past weekend.  it was hot.  not spicy hot, but HOT in a stone pot!  i love how this dish is always presented in a hot stone pot, but soyo really does it right.  The mix of rice, veggies, and beef comes out seriously sizzling, so when you go to toss it with the sauce, you have to really dig in to scrape the now crispy rice membrane at the bottom.  for those crispy rice lovers, that is certainly not a bad thing!  chewy, crispy, tasty rice!Conclusion:  Korean comfort food at it's best.p.s.  bomb panchan.
4	Soyo has become my testing ground for new Korean dishes.  Coming here with my trusty sidekick Jieun allows me to expand my Korean palate beyond the typical jjigaes, banchan and BBQ that I eat at other restaurants.  You'll also find that Soyo's interior has quite the decor, with the first thing you see being two little arcade machines and a large chalkboard with their drinks written on it.  It's a colorful place with private booths; the back of each bench actually extends all the way to the ceiling, so you don't see the customers sitting in front of or behind your table.  There are also several picnic style tables and benches in the middle of the restaurant for larger parties.  (Soyo was also completely decked out in Halloween decorations last month!  It will be nice to see a holiday them as well)The food here has been consistently delicious, with the waiters giving their input on what dishes we should try.  My favorite so far:  the Budae Jjigae (I hope I'm spelling that right...).  Seriously, I feel like this dish was made just for me.  It's a spicy dish with instant ramen noodles, hot dogs, vienna sausages, spam, a couple slices of cheese...it's a mashup of all things I've enjoyed eating growing up, combined with my love for Korean food.  I've had a few other dishes here, but I can't remember the names...the menu lists all the dishes in Hangul.  There was fish cake soup, a spicy rice cake dish, a bean sprout dish and a beef dish that I've had that were all delicious.  Those are pretty vague descriptions, but all you have to do is invite me along when you go and I'll show you what it was!On their drinks menu they offer several beers including Hite, Sapporo, Fat Tire, Blue Moon.  There is also a soju menu, where you can order it on its own or mixed with fruit juices such as pineapple, lychee, etc.  At this point Soyo has left it's mark on me and has made it's way into my rotation of places I must visit on a regular basis.  Keep an eye out for a UYE here!
3	We're rarely down in the southwest, but had some errands that brought us down. I really dig that places like these are popping up in Vegas. There are many Korean "barstaurants"in LA with a fun vibe and good sharing food. I've kinda avoided Korean places and cooked my own after running into many places here with cranky old ladies serving the food like they hate me .The service is young, friendly and we were checked on often. The decor here is charming....it's like little rustic booths that remind me of houses in the provinces. There's K-pop music and video games and lots of laughter from people having fun. This is a refreshing change from other Korean places here and reminds me why I ended up eating so much Korean food growing up in LA. The menu gives better descriptions than most Korean places, but still vague. I kinda wish they would write the Korean name in English too so that when I see it, I recognize it right away since some descriptions could be several dishes I know of. The tin cup for a rustic feel I kinda get, but you get tin bowls.....They're for your barley ice tea they serve you in case you were a bit confused like us. If they had the bowls on the table already and didn't bring it out with the tea, I would have thought it might've been for kalbi bones. Haha. Banchan was also given: cabbage kimchee, radish kimchee, acorn jelly w/green onion, seaweed salad, green bean w/ bean paste.We ordered:Sweet corn with mozzarella $6- it comes on a hot plate. Good corn, but the cheese melts and solidfys back up pretty fast making for a cake of cheese on top. Using a cheese that melts better than mozzarella would make it tres better. Korean style sausage $10- this is soondae, blood sausages with clear noodle. Hella rustic and not for everyone. They serve it here with plain cooked and sliced liver so I think a lot of people can't do this dish. I like it and enjoy it though and dont see it as much on menus so it was a nice treat for me. The BF took two slices and can't touch the very bare bones preparation of the liver.Noodle in hot anchovy broth $6- it was good quality ingredients, but it might be a bit too plain for me...it just felt like it needed something to boost the flavor. It probably would be good to accompany something like a meat dish.Veggies and beef with egg and rice in hot pot $10- dot bibimbap. It's pretty standard of a dish and hard to screw up. Easy comfort food that I'm always up for, day and night. Too much food for two people. Had some soondae left and almost half the noodle soup. I wouldn't say portions are big, but they are a good enough size of food. Rather have quality than quantities anyway.  The food was good, but maybe I ordered the wrong things because it didn't impress me with the blah noodle anchovy or corn mozzarella. I should maybe try the dishes that most reviews rave about and see how I feel about it. Overall, not a bad spot to go for Korean food and I think Vegas needs more places with an atmosphere like this.
4	We went here for lunch today.When we walked in we sat at a table with two benches. The waitress suggested that we sit at a booth so we'd be more comfortable. We took her suggestion and moved to a booth by the wall. She asked if we'd been there before, and we told her it was our first time.She was very nice and explained the menu and told us about the complimentary tea and sides.I am not a big fan of tea, but it was pretty good. Kind of like a woodsy, green iced tea.She then brought out the sides which consisted of seaweed salad,green flower with sesame (I think that's what she called it, looked kinda like broccoli rabe), Cole slaw, marinated potatoes, kim chee, and marinated cabbage stems (I think that's what it was). My favorites were the potatoes and the cole slaw.For our entrees we ordered the kimchee and pork soup and the kalbi beef ribs. The soup was hot, both spice and temperature-wise. In fact it was boiling when she brought it out. It was really good and a perfect antidote to my cold. The kalbi was also very good. It was well-marinated and had a nice char to it.The waitress checked on us frequently to make sure everything was okay and see if we wanted any more of the sides. We definitely enjoyed our meal and will likely be back.
4	My bf and I decided to take my cousin here for dinner per my cousin's request.  I wasn't sure what to expect but was very impressed by the service and food.  We were served with this refreshing tea that was in an original looking jug.  The cups were made of some kind of silver metal and I think it was a bowl too.  Different.  Our server was very attentive and constantly came to our table to make sure we were okay and if we were ready to choose our dinner.We finally chose and this was what we ended up with.1.)  Albap 8:  Kimchi, vegetables and fish roe on top of rice in a stone pot.  This was really good.  The fish roe gave it a good flavor.2.)  Ribs:  This was a little tough to eat.  I'm used to my ribs falling apart very easily.3.)  Chicken in hot sauce:  Too hot for my liking.  They said it wasn't too hot, but my pallet says otherwise.4.)  Side dishes with gaikon, asian broccolli, kimchi, beef, and I can't think of the names of the others.  But it was definitely a lot of side dishes on top of what we had ordered.Overall experience was top notch!
5	One thing i love about CMYEs are the UYE after parties some of us decide on afterward.I was part of the group Jen S. went with. Everything he said about the food i completely agree with.Since Jen reviewed all the food i guess i'll review the Lychee Soju.it was 12 dollars, mixed by the bartender, and served slightly chilled in a resealable glass bottle. tasted VERY much like lychees and very little on the booze taste. Light enough to drink straight from the bottle if you roll like that. I just might some other time.It'd be a pleasure to go back over and over again. Good food like this cant possibly get old.
3	The restaurant had good attentive service and the food was good. for people coming from out of town and living on the strip beware of the taxi cost to get here. We went from our hotel, Wynn, to the restaurant with a taxi and round trip was $60, more expensive than the food. The food: if you came from an area that has good Korean food then this place is nothing special. The food is good and certainly has its own style but by far not the best, certainly not worth the $60 cab ride. The drinks are cool and somewhat creative but nothing you would not find in New York or LA. If you ever been to Korea...then this place is just very so-so.Overall a good restaurant if you have transportation but if you are from New York, Boston, LA, or other major US metropolitan area then is not really worth the trip.
5	Any place called a barstaurant definitely has my attention. An establishment that fully promotes both their alcohol and food deserves attention. Prices for this place are pretty decent, especially for the amount of food that you get. I usually opt for AYCE Korean restaurants, as I usually like to stuff my face with as much food as possible. But on the weird nights, where I don't want to overdo it, I go to Soyo. Service is great. They're fast and friendly, and always make sure your tea/water is filled. Now for the part I enjoy the most, alcohol !! They have a few varieties of beer. But, the real reason I go there is for the Soju [Korean alochol]. They have about 8 or 9 different flavors, if I remember correctly. It's only 12 dollars for a bottle. My favorite flavor would definitely have to be a mixture of the yogurt and the lychee. With a bottle of yogurt lychee soju and some Korean food, your night is bound to go well.
4	My wife and I were here on a Sunday night at around 6PM. We saw the great reviews on Yelp, so we decided to check this place out. Due to the thin black lettering that is used for the sign, we almost missed the place, but all it took was a second glance.There was only one other group when we got there, so the place was kind of empty; however, that was understandable since it was still early. We were prompty greeted by the host/server as we walked in. He guided us to a booth and served us some barley tea right away (hot or cold option).My wife and I both really liked the feel of the place...I guess you could say it had a modern, loung-y feel to it. The place was dimly lit, but the blue neon lights hanging by the small bar in the corner gave everything a blue-ish tint (not a bad thing imo). Overall, it gave us the impression of something you'd walk into in one of those KDramas haha. Korean music was playing when we walked in, but it soon switched to American R&B, Hip-hop, etc. We would have preferred it stay Korean...but meh.The menu was simple and straight-forward. We walked in already knowing what we wanted, so we didn't really look at it much. IIRC, the dishes are in Korean with English descriptions.To be honest, the food took a while to come out (maybe 15-20 minutes), but we didn't really mind so much. After a bit, the food did we ordered did come out--Dolsot Bibimbap and Budae Jjigae, along with 5-6 various banchan.I haven't been exposed to much Korean food beyond the typical AYCE Korean BBQ, but everything put in front of me tasted great. My wife (who *has* had her fair share of Korean food) commented that the Budae Jjigae here was the best she's ever had. She said that other places are usually bland and spicy...but the Budae Jjigae here was spicy AND full of flavor. Overall, really great dishes.The host/waiter was great too. His grasp of English seemed fine, but he had an accent when speaking, so it was a bit hard to understand him at times ("lamen" vs "ramen"). This wasn't really a big deal since we're used to it, but I just wanted to mention it for those Yelpers that want to know. He had a lot of things going on (handling drinks, answering phone calls, taking orders, bringing out food...), so he wasn't always available to run over to our table right away, but we didn't really mind.Anyhow, great place for some Korean grub if you're hungry. Being a "Barstaurant", they had drinks and stuff too, but we didn't get any. Our total bill came out to be about $32 after tax/before tip --we were stuffed and happy from the meal.
5	Been back quite a few times since my last review. Food is still just as good and I've discovered many new and yummy items on the menu. ALBAP! Mmm... Now that they've added BBQ this place is now the perfect Korean joint in my book. Yay Kalbi! Service is still great - attentive, but non-intrusive. Definitely give this place a try if you haven't yet.
5	My family and I tried this place for the first time and we loved it!  The customer service was great!  The food was superb!  We tried their spicy chicken dish, kalbi ribs, and some type of beef dish and they were all tasty.  Their sides are home made, too, so that of course was good!  They are pretty affordable, too!  This is definitely the spot for late night dinner.
5	This is our regular hangout when we crave for Korean food and don't want to drive all the way to Chinatown. Food is delish and service is attentive. I love the decor. It reminds me of Korea. My favorite dish here: Bibimbap. But I do order often Kalbi Tang because my baby loves the starchy noodles..Definetly recommended!
4	My fiance and I decided to give this place a try last night after reading all the great reviews on yelp.  I haven't found many korean places in Vegas that I really like.  The restaurant itself is really cute!  The decor is festive and whimsical.  There is a small bar, tables in the middle and booths along the wall.  I would probably recommend sitting in one of the booths.  The tables have hard  wooden benches that are a bit uncomfortable.  We ordered two Sapporos, the fried dumplings, kimchi pancakes and the seafood casserole for 2.  He forgot about the kimchi pancakes but im kinda glad because we definitely had enough food.  Plus I forgive him because he was really nice:)  It was really good!  The seafood casserole is something I would recommend if you like spicy! Its plenty for 2 people and for $20 it comes in a huge hot pot that comes on top of a gas burner.  It is definitely worth it for all the shrimp, calamari, crab, mussels and clam you get in there.  The waiter told us that they also have a lot of customers that come in to drink and they are opened till 3am!  I will definitely be back to give their other dishes a try.
3	I would give this place like a 3.5, but yelp doesn't give me that option.  Ok, after the good reviews on yelp I definitely wanted to check this place out.  I love the interior design, and its location.  Once we entered, the people greeted us and sat us quickly.  (Something I definitely love, the quicker I get to eat....the better.)  The server gave us 2 bowls and iced tea I suppose?  I didn't know what to do with it, so I just poured it into the bowl and drank it.  My mother and I just looked at each other and then thought we used this to wash our hands.  (LOL, but that didn't make any sense since it had ice)  After looking at the menu, I didn't know what to order.  I guess I'm a visual eater than a reader.  I wish they had specialties recommended or something, cause I was totally lost!I ordered:Kimchi Fried Rice - It was ok.  I think I like ichiza's better because it actually comes with kimchi.  I think the rice was little too sticky, and a little too spicy.  The egg was refreshing though, but overall I thought it was OK.Corn with Mozerella Cheese - It was good.  I thought the sauce that was mixed with the cheese while being served on a hot pot was pretty genius.  I did wish the serving was little bigger since I was paying like $5.00 for it.  Garlic Squid - This dish was very good, although I got more garlic than I did squid.  I kind of felt jipped a little, and with that price I was expecting a little more than just garlic.Green Mussel Soup - It was pretty good.  The portions were good, and the flavor of the soup was ok.  It was nothing to brag about.  They did add a lot of mussels and what not.  I thought this place was an OK spot.  The thought of Korean tapas is genius, but they were pretty greedy with their portions. (Maybe something they could improve?)  Even the veggies they serve as side items were small.  It looked like someone took one scoop and just served it.  I might return cause the service was good, but I don't know about the prices.  I paid almost $40 just for those dishes alone.  I felt like I could've gotten more out of it than I should.
5	Surprised how good this place was.
5	I am a frequent visitor at Soyo and love this place a lot. This time, I would like to share several menu items while drinking alcohol beverages such as Soju or Macju(Beer) :P The service has been truly excellent by the friendly staffs.. They seem to always be on the move, efficient, and very polite people. **Corn Cheese-basically corn baked with a cheese sauce in a sizzling hot pan that makes it gooey, crunchy, sweet, and salty. Seems like they added some chopped onion, scallion, carrots, jalapenos(all kinds of veges), & panko bread crumbs(crunchy) for more flavors. It's a MUST-HAVE in the appetizer! **Starchy Potato Pancakes 'Kamja Jun'-It's under the special menu(written in Korean on the wall)and their Potato Pancakes were really tasty! This pancake is made out of fresh potatoes, instead of flour (it's more healthier). Because of this, the consistency and appearance of the pancake is quite unique, slightly chewy and almost translucent. The Potato Pancakes are the best served fresh off the pan so when it comes to your table, go ahead and enjoy it right away. Me and my friends really liked this dish the most out of any appetizers :) **Steamed Pork, Napa cabbage, & Oyster 'Bossam'-It's a cooked pork belly, you wrapped with nicely salted napa cabbage and tasty Bossam Kimchi. Bossam Kimchi is specially made for 'Bossam' and it's more sweeter and more vegetables(radish & fresh oysters) in there compare to regular Kimchi. For Bossam, Kimchi is not an option. It's one of main component to complete this dish. It also comes with Ssamjang sauce (bean paste with sesame oil & garlic) and Saeujeot (pickled fermented shrimp) that you can create you own style of Ssam!!! It really depends on your preference and this is how I like to eat my Bossam :) It can be really spicy so stay out of this dish if you can't handle the spiciness. **Fried Dumpling 'Kun mandu'-The server told us that they make their own version of dumplings at Soyo. The filling were clear noodles, ground beef, cabbage, scallion, onion, & firm tofu..It is best to eat immediately with vinegar-soy dipping sauce.
3	You know I always feel bad when my reviews differ so much from my yelp friends. However, this is just my opinion....I don't think that Soyo is all that.  We came here on New Year's after the UFC fight so it was around 10pm? Inside the place looked cool, with the old school tv and what not, the benches are a lil uncomfortable but they provide you with pillows to sit your bum on. We were served our doggy dishes for the tea right away, but it took another 20-25 minutes for the server to come back and even take our order. The place wasn't packed and it seemed like everyone there was just "hanging" out. Well when we finally got to order the server told me that they didn't have my oxtail noodle soup....so I ordered this short rib soup.  The food came out probably about 10-15 minutes later which is about average I think. My "soup" was good. The meat was tender for the most part, but there were no noodles. I really wanted something with noodles and the server said this was what replaced the oxtail noodle soup. The rest of my friends enjoyed their meal for the most part. Maybe I was just there at the wrong time and didn't order the right thing, but I was not impressed. Service really was terrible and I think that ruined the whole Soyo experience for me. I'm a huge sucker for service and when there is no service or lack of service I become this mad woman. When our check came, the server had given us the wrong one. The one she gave us was for an amount WAY cheaper with a discount (about 10-15%) on it, luckily for her I went up to her and said that it was the wrong check. She printed the right check and there was no discount. I wonder how one gets such an awesome discount. In any case for 6 of us, the bill came out to be around 85 something bucks plus tip...which was about right for 5 entrees and 3 soju bombs. Overall, I think I rather drive a lil more and get some Korean BBQ.
5	Everything i ate had excellent flavor. I had the kim chi and pork spicy soup, beef and veggies w rice bowl, bbq ribs and spicy chicken w mozzarella. The spicy chicken and spicy kim chi pork soup were packed with spice and very delicious. The complimentary iced tea balanced my palate between plates.Service was fast and friendly. The private booths were a plus, especially since the person i went with had rice on their shirt for the majority of the meal. I decided not to tell them because it was funny. Soyo has a cool atmosphere; two old school arcade games, light music and a sticker of a robot on a light switch.
4	Thanks to a zillion reviews from my yelp friends, I finally trekked to the southwest side for a good Korean meal!  Eric R. came home from crossfit after we had already hiked 4 miles this morning, and we were both ravenous at 6 PM.  He asked, "What meal can I get with a lot of protein?" and I answered, "Bimibap!!!" We walked into the restaurant, and I liked the funky rustic interior.  Our waiter was sooo nice.  Now I know why Misti Y. raves about barley tea!  We got free barley-corn iced tea, and I was addicted.  I loved the low gold cups for drinking the tea too; I felt kind of royal.  We ordered the dolsot bimibap and the seafood-scallion pancake.  Our waiter said it was the size of a small pizza, and he wasn't kidding.  I helped Eric R. break his bimibap cherry, and then we were served six delicious banchan: kimchee, radish kimchee, watercress, tofu, fish cake, and potato-cucumber salad.  We ended up getting refills on the watercress, tofu, and fish cake.  To my surprise, Eric R. said he LIKED the tofu!!!!!!  Score one for my future cooking!!!In the end, this was an enormous amount of food.  We liked the food, the atmosphere, the service, and the prices were ridiculously low.  Eric R. could not have been more pleased for a filling and delicious dinner for 2 on a Saturday night for less than $25.  Even though we don't live in the area, I am certain we will be back for more delicious eats and for some cheap beer prices too!
5	Enjoyed everything I ate, despite the fact that I am a very picky eater..  By far the best Korean BBQ ribs EVER..  And if you take your food home, it'll still be really tasty warmed up the next day, per my roommate..  Friendly staff, fast service..  Will definitely go back..
3	I'm all for supporting my neighborhood shops & restaurants, so when I took notice of this establishment I told the hubby that we got to go try it. When we first walked in the hubby & I didn't know what to make of the place because it was blaring club music. To make the situation more confusing was the interior decor, it was very nostalgic. But the hubby appreciated it as he noticed the old TV in a wooden box that took him back when he was a kid, so I get it.I appreciated that we were seated and served our drinks right a way, but the service from there went down hill (Thus I'm giving this place a 3) I'm big on service so even if a restaurant has less than quality food but have exceptional service encourages me to want to come back. For me the menu was a little confusing and felt that it could be more descriptive or perhaps our server could have go over it with us or suggest some items. Anyway, here is what we ordered:* Kimchi Jjigae (w/pork) $8- This was very good. But I don't know if they were being skimpy on the meat because it was chopped up very small I hardly notice the meat in it. * Galbi $12-  This was very delicious. The meat was thick and juicy =P* Potato pancakes $9- I never tried this before so I didn't know what to expect. It was the last thing to come out as the server explained that it takes a little more time because they have to smash the potato's. With that in mind I thought it should be good then cause they make it from scratch. I was totally wrong. Right when it was set on the table I was already disappointed as you can see the 4 pancake size potato's was very oily. It came with some dipping sauce that was just soy sauce mixed with sriracha and was the only thing that gave it any flavor. I think Soyo is more a great place to go with friends, hangout and drink, rather a place to go have a lovely nice dinner with a love one.
4	It is nice to have a friend that is as enthusiastic as you are about a cuisine. That is what I have found with Katrina M. Being friends for as long as we have, you tend to sync on certain ideology and preferences, for us, that would be Korean food. After coming back to Las Vegas after being gone for two years, my dietary needs and what my stomach can handle has changed quite a bit. For the first month, I was unable to handle all the grease and creamy foods that are so common in our everyday diet. There is a reason why Koreans are so proud of their food, it is healthy and delicious, not something other cuisines can boast about.So Katrina M. and I ventured off on our quest to find delectable dishes that would stand up to what I had been eating in Korea. I know everyone says that food in the origin country can never be duplicated and it is true, but Soyo does a decent job none the less. While going over the menu, if I remember correctly; the names of the dishes are in Korean with a brief description in English. This makes it a little difficult to become accustomed to putting a name to what you are eating. If you are not familiar with Korean food already this will provide a challenge if you decide to go to a different restaurant.The day that I went, my food buddy left me in charge of ordering. The possibilities seemed endless as my eyes darted to all the Korean in search of my favorite foods. Sadly, a majority of my favorite dishes are not served in any of the Korean restaurants I have visited. It was time to suck it up, stop pouting and order.We ordered the kimchibokeumbap, the Korean equivalent to how the Chinese have fried rice. It is simple and an easy way to get rid of an abundance of leftover ingredients. I would say that it was not bad at all, I enjoyed Soyo's version. The only downsides I can find with it was that it was a little sweet and the only distinguishable ingredients that stand out in my mind was the pepper paste and fried egg. It definitely needed a little more variation in texture. I would have loved to see nice chunky slices of kimchi and lavers in it. I don't even remember if they had any in there.The second item we ordered was the maewoon galbijjim; a spicy version of a soy sauced based steamed beef ribs. The first thing I noticed was how tender the meat was. It separated from the bone as soon as you scooped it up with your spoon. The aroma took me back to Korea, but that was dashed as soon as I took a bite. There was no kick to it at all. The sweet and savory factor was delightful, but not what I had wanted. It was delicious, but it made me think of a friend in Korea that I had debated with about which version was more traditional. I seceded from that argument with my tail between my legs. I found out that the style that I favored is a specialty of certain regions.Overall the food is delicious, the kimchi is good, the decor reminiscent of a much cleaner version of what you can find in Korea, the staff warm and friendly, and the music is fun. It was an enjoyable experience from beginning to end.
5	While running errands on Blue Diamond Rd we decided to find a place to eat and we were craving Korean. I Yelped and we got treated to a very cool Korean barstaurant with good drinks and good food. Soyo was simple and cool. It reminded us of the hole in the wall eateries in Japan.There were 4 cement booths with wooden seats along the back wall. They decorated shelves above the seats with either books, Korean pottery, or empty bottles of Soju. They also had booths in the center, a private booth near the front door, and 3-4 seats at the bar. Some of the other cool decor they had was a rotary phone (for you young bucks if you don't know- Google it LOL), an antique TV, and a couple old school .25 cents games. They were playing some Korean Hip Hop music that got the kids jazzed up.We got seated right away in a booth. And the lady gave us some tin bowls. My son picked up a bowl and looked at me dumbfounded, "whats this for?" Our waitress tells him its for your tea, my son replies "I want my soda in it because I don't like tea." Hahaha gotta love kids. But , she brings you a bottle of barley iced tea and pours it into our bowls. It was very refreshing. The menu was simple and clean. The foods were seperated in catergories, Entrees, soups, tapas, & casseroles. We love Korean and knew what we wanted to eat, but for the newbie looking at the menu- they would be lost. The menu had 3 columns of the foods, Korean name, one line name of dish in english, and price. They should add more detail in description of dishes.We ordered:Kim Chee and Pork Soup- It was spicy, hearty, and damn good. More pork would've been nice. I got jiigae with it LOL!Bibimbap- my liked it but she didn't like it with the ground meat, she would've enjoyed it more with bulgoggi or kalbi meat.Bulgogi- My son loved it. He said it was his all time fave...that raised my eyebrows, so I had to steal a bite. I agree it was very good.Fried dumplings- stuffed with rice noodles, veg, and ground meat. Lychee Soju- They mix this cocktail in a soda bottle and give you a shot glass so you can pour your own. After the first shot passed through my lips...I had flash backs of eating lychee right off the trees in our backyard in Hawaii. The Lychee taste was really good and the soju was barely noticeable...it was like drinking Lychee juice. But, don't let the good taste fool you....after I finished the bottle, the feel good vibes crept up on me LOL! Next time we'll try the yogurt soju.All these dishes were served steaming hot in stone pots. We love it like that, its a nicer presentation and it also keeps the food hot, much longer then if it was served on a plate. We got the banchan, daikon & cabbage kim chee, fishcake strips, & bean sprouts.Overall, the service was great (she was very accommodating to our family-she knew the drill with kids which is a plus in our book), you get a good amount of food for the price, and its a cool atmosphere. Soyo is a great place for Las Vegas. We hope to see more barstaurant pop in the near future.
5	this place is so cute! its a bit out of the way but totally worth it. =) came here with some friends after reading all the good reviews on yelp. we ordered the bibimbap, soon doo-boo, and bulgolgi. it was delicious! everything was piping hot and the bibimbap had a nice crunch to it. we also shared a bottle of yogurt soju....soooooo good but definitely dangerous. service was great. will definitely come back when i get a craving for korean food!
4	I went to Soyo with the Yelp Elites after an Elite Event. I have driven past this place a couple hundred times and never would have thought about stopping in if it hadn't the official after Event dinner spot.Soyo isn't very large, but they were able to handle our group of around 20 without much trouble. The place is much different than the other korean places I've dined (most have been AYCE). The meal started with some cold Roasted Barley Tea, which wasn't really too great IMO (a little too smokey), but I'm always open to try something new, and the waiter later brought me water with a pitcher to refill my glass.The menu isn't the biggest in town (around 50 items), but everything I tried was really really good.I am a Korean Food rookie and stick with what I know, The Bulgogi, and I can say it was without a doubt the best bulgogi I've had in vegas. The meat was tender, the veggies were crisp, the sauce was flavorful but not overbearing, and the hot clay pot it was served in was a nice touch. I will be going back for this dish alone, however that was not the crowning jewel of the evening.One part of the Korean eating experience (and it goes double when you are with yelpers) is sharing. I got to try a bunch of items I would never had ordered on my own.Their Dumplings were amazing, I am slowly trying my best to eat vegas out of dumplings, and these were nothing short of yummy!  I also tried the Fish Cake Soup, and while it wasn't what I had in mind (how do ribbons of fish count as cake?), it was surprisingly good.But the Dish that stole the night was Budae Jjigae, I am going to be honest I have never heard of Budae Jjigae before, and without this trip and the brave souls who ordered it, I may never have. It's a stew that consists of random meats married with ramen noodles, and served boiling hot in a spicy (but not too hot) sauce. The meats in the Budae Jjigae served last night appeared to be Spam, Hot Dogs, Vienna Sausages, and possibly more. I have a feeling after my diet is completed I will be doing my best to finish an order or two of Budae Jjigae!The Ban Chan were all pretty good, the rice was your standard white rice, the raddish was really good, and the Kim Chi was nice (I prefer mine cooked rather than cold however).One thing I did learn, when they say Spicy on the menu at a Korean Resturant they mean SPICY!!! One Yelper ordered the Spicy Pork Ribs, I tried a piece of cabbage with the Spicy Sauce and think I burnt a layer of taste buds off my tounge!I really like the set up at Soyo, the service was great, the food was amazing, and the atmosphere is pretty fun, and after a while the Kpop music grows on you.Oh and they have 2 tiny arcade consoles that looked pretty fun, but I was afraid to play as they looked like I could break them by just looking at them funny, yet alone playing them.Kudos Soyo I will be back
4	This is my first review here on yelp, so bear with me. Anyways, thanks to a buddy of mine (who is also a yelper) I have discovered a new outlook and love for Korean food. My past experiences consisted pretty much of Korean table BBQ (which is great!) and their instant noodles. That is pretty much all I knew until I went to the Soyo Korean Barstaurant. The variety of different types of Korean foods was amazing since I didn't know they existed. I mean I knew that there had to be more to Korean foods, but I just had the impression that they only specialized in BBQ. Some of the dishes that I tried were the "Odang" (fish cake soup) which was absolutely amazing! On my first sip of the broth it reminded me of the Japanese Miso soup, but just 20 times better and a lot richer in flavor. Another dish that I tried was the whole fried chicken with the salt/pepper and the sesame oil. The chicken was cooked just perfectly, so it wasn't too dry, moreover the skin was nice and crispy with lots of flavor. For those of you that prefer a heavier flavor you can use the salt/pepper combo or sesame seed oil which compliment the chicken perfectly. My personal favorite at Soyo is the Budae jjigae which is an Army based stew. To give you a a quick overview of what it is, it's basically a bunch of stuff tossed in a big pot of spicy soup. The "stuff" consists pretty much of korean instant noodles, spam, hot dogs, sausage, rice cakes, and kimchi. This may seem like an odd combination for a soup, but TRUST me, it's the perfect dish for those cold days. It's also a good alternative to the typical bar food that you may eat, and after having the Budae jjigae, I would choose it over the buffalo wings, french fries etc. any day of the week.I have tried some other dishes as well, unfortunately I forget the names of them, but let me tell you that they all were delicious! It's not everyday that you can find a restaurant where you like everything that they serve.Not only is the food absolutely amazing, but the staff is friendly as well and very attentive. They also serve a variety of different types of alcohol, and specialize in a variety flavors of soju. Prices are also very reasonable. Overall I give this place 4 stars as of right now, I would give it 5 stars but since I don't have another place to compare it to currently I can't determine if it deserves a perfect score or not.So yes, definitely check this place out if you get the chance, it's worth the time, worth the drive, and worth the money.Soyo is so great I vow never to give it up, never let it down, never turn around and desert it. Never going to say good bye and never going to tell a lie...
4	What's not to like about Soyo? The atmosphere is a throwback to old-style Korean bars, complete with dim lighting, wooden booths, wood furnishings, metal bowls for sipping barley tea (I've only seen that in Korea), and small arcade machines. This place is a great find for those looking for good Korean food served in a fun, relaxed atmosphere. The servers were nice and very accommodating- they moved tables and chairs around so that our large party could all be seated at the same table, they didn't seem to have a problem making individual checks, and they patiently answered our questions about the different items from the diverse menu. When I go to Korean restaurants, I usually order the Yuk Gae Jang, a spicy beef soup with vegetables, shredded beef, egg & rice vermicelli noodles, and this time was no different. I was surprised at how fast our food came out. My Yuk Gae Jang was served in a stone pot to keep it hot and with a bowl of rice. Normally, other restaurants serve Yuk Gae Jang in a regular bowl, but I definitely preferred the stone pot. Be careful though, although the soup isn't bubbling, it still is very hot (I think I burned the inside of my mouth). Anyways, I definitely put this Yuk Gae Jang on my list of Top Yuk Gae Jangs that I've tried in Las Vegas. I enjoyed the deep, spicy flavors of the soup and the good amount of veggies, noodles & meat. I would definitely order this dish again. I also tried a piece of pan-fried dumpling (Mandu), which I could tell was homemade. The dumpling skin was crispy yet soft, and the filling was fresh and light. I also liked how the dumplings were shaped. In conclusion, I had a fun time here with my other Yelpers. I can't wait to come back with my friends in tow to show them how great Korean food can be. P.S. I believe the owner of Soyo also owns Oyshi, the sushi restaurant, next door.
5	Soyo is good for the Seoul!This late night "barstaurant" offers Korean fare to soak up all the libations you enjoyed.  Exposed brick and interesting artifacts casually comfort the music overhead.  They have a variety of beers and cocktails, many made using Soju (40 proof rice vodka).  Soyo is an escape from the sad, antisocial video poker bars that infest Las Vegas.  Private booths along the wall, and long open tables in the middle of the dining room make this hip Korean hangout perfect for large groups.  I went with a huge pitcher of Sapporo ($14).  I would be interested in trying the food and cocktails next time, but it was definitley a beer night during my visit.  As you sit down, the waiter will bring over a pitcher of Korean Barley tea (Boo-dee-cha).  Drink it, its good for you and refreshing.  Soyo brings a very un-Vegas flare to town in the best way.  Sarang He Soyo
5	Can't beat having a Korean Barstaurant near my house! I love coming here for all my Korean food cravings. We've tried so many different items on the menu and what really stands out are the bibimpap, hot and spicy beef soup, and the chicken wings in a special sauce.My husband and his coworkers tried their flavored soju and beers and they really enjoy this new hang out spot. :)
5	Soyo is awesome! Have been there a few times. I really like the set up of the restaurant. The booths make it so people can't hear your conversations. The kimchee fried rice is amazing as is the spicy pork dish. I like that they give you "ban chan," the little dishes that come with your meal.ROGUE MORIMOTO SOBA ALE ON DRAFT?!! WHat?!! Also the Lychee Soju is like syrup from the gods.  The service is normally pretty good.
5	SOYO = #1 Vegas Korean hot spot!!!My boys... supercr3w/ jabbawockeez  love coming here. I came here last month with the boys... and I was super excited since I've been wanting to try Soyo after reading their rave on yelp.I had the Kalbi and bulgogi! 2 solid choices!I can't wait to come back for more kalbi & bulgogi!!I don't do spicy/hot  nor do I drink alcohol so my korean choices are limited but the kalbi and bulgogi is more then enough to make me come back to Soyo!Love the indoor seating. cool drinking cups.Casual dining. stress free parking. no wait (when I went that night).If you're visiting Vegas or a local and looking to get your korean on... make it SOYO!I'll be back SOYO!-Miss Yelp 2011 :D
5	Wow !!  The food was awesome!   We had the kal-bi -flavorful , tender best I've had in Vegas  , dumplings were tasty and different , I've had them at other restaurant and it's usually fried, these were maybe steamed and lightly sauteed, nice change of pace.  We also had the stir fried pork w kimchee and tofu - this was the favorite of the night very flavorful not to spicy it had something chewy in it like mochi , I don't know what Koreans call it , but it was intresting in a good way.It also had uncooked tofu around the edge which added another texture and something to cool the mouth. We also had the chicken wings with a soy based glaze , the wings were nice and crisp.  We also had the kimchee soup with seafood it was just alright , the only item I would probably not order again, it was not bad, just not for me. With all the bachan this was alot of food :)  Service was excellent  , I want to go back soon and try the other dishes I missed . Thanks again , yelpers I don't think I would have tried it on my own
5	The service and food here is consistently exceptional.  I haven't tried anything because I am in love with the spicy tofu and seafood soup.  On a cold day this soup not only fills you up but also give you that nice tingling warm feeling.  It's a cute and clean little restaurant and they do decorate according to the holidays and season.  The little dish is free of charge and comes along with your meal.  You will not leave this place hungry.  This place us great for a late night snack and they play some fantastic house and trance music here, make me wanna dance.
5	2nd visit, just as good as the first. I got the same food upon my return. The spicy mozzarella chicken was making my nose sweat and my mouth on fire so I had to eat more and more. I normally leave an establishment with a techno playlist in acception to Soyo, hopefully the music doesn't grow on me as I continue to visit.
5	Second visit and still super good..  Definitely appreciate the consistency, not only with the food, but also service..!
4	How adorable is this place?! The interior is unique and definitely welcoming and comfortable. The moment you walk in, you will be greeted in a friendly, proper Korean manner as opposed to some of the other Korean restaurants in Vegas. The service is superior... they check on you consistently. If I can just rate the service by itself, it would definitely be 5 stars. The only thing that kept this place from receiving 5 stars is the fact that the food is good, but not incredible. The tofu stew isn't of the best quality and definitely unusual, not something you'll be familiar with if you're as obsessed with soondoobu as I am. It was still tasty and enjoyable, but if you really want soondoobu I recommend Min  Sok Chon, DJK, or even Tofu Hut is more of the standard Korean tofu jjigae. I don't like that the tapas-style dishes like the tonkatsu do not come with rice, so you have to pay for extra rice (a HUGE pet peeve of mine in any Korean restaurant!) This place is perfect for eating and drinking. I went with a group of people who don't drink at all so I couldn't get the full experience, but still had a great experience nonetheless. I do not expect exceptional food in a "bar-style" restaurant but this place definitely exceeded my expectations. I will be going back frequently! :)
5	If I could only have one thing here it would be the Lychee Soju. For 12 bucks in a big bottle that suits the thirst of two people. It was bliss. I ordered to go so as I waited I tried it at the suggestion of the waiter. I tipped him extra because his suggestion was spot on.now for the food. For a togo order I got more than I could have imagined. The portions were huge, the food spicy and just mouth watering. Literally. I shouldn't have gotten it to go. I should have stayed eaten the spicy soup and beef and washed it down with that sweet sweet Soju. The place is tiny but it's so cute. And they have little kid size arcade machines. The music was wicked awesome and the atmosphere fun and modern. This place is a must!
4	Stand outs for me here are the kimchee fried rice, bulgogi and Kalbi! So GOOD!!!
4	My boyfriend and I discovered this place when we were driving down Rainbow looking for some establishment to try after we tried going to Rockin' Baja Lobster.. turns out they closed down & I was just reading their yelp reviews too and didn't realize. #fail.Soyo is located in the same center as Oyshi Sushi & Haven Animal Hospital. We stopped in on a Sunday evening for some dinner and drinks. We were seated right away in a little booth. They have shelves on the side with what I am thinking either books or dvds. lol. They also have video games  in the front area. Right away we were brought our little tin cups/bowl look things with some tea. As other yelpers, we were a little confused at first. The tea is very yummy and I really love when businesses give you your own pitcher/jug.For drinks, I order the lychee soju. At first, I thought it was going to be some sort of lychee soju martini and for $12 it better be good! Instead, it was brought in this skinny milk jar looking thing.. definitely more than enough for one person probably even better to share. It was most definitely delicious but not as strong as I'd expect.. especially soju. It reminded me more of a lychee sake.. They make it in-house which is awesome in itself. To eat, I got the beef soondubujigae. It came out bubbling and topped with a raw egg. It was tasty but it could've been spicier.. it also had a much stronger garlic taste than I am used to. I love garlic so bring it on but I prefer more flavor from the dashi (soup broth) than it being overwhelmed with garlic. The bf got the kalbi ribs which were flavorful but had a bit too much fat. I loved all the ban-chans which consisted of daikon kimchee, napa cabbage kimchee, marinated beef, and bean sprouts. Service was up to par and the servers were very knowledgeable with their menu/drinks. They came by to check up on us periodically. I really enjoyed our visit here and I plan to be back. I loved their homemade soju as well as the atmosphere. w00t w00t.
4	Great food, great atmosphere, ok service. By far the best Kalbi Jjim ever!!!! Great authentic, DELICIOUS, Korean food.
4	My first experience here was on a whim, and I am glad we decided to check it out. It was really good, very cool, and the service was awesome. The food was great, and really makes me want to go back for more. This place rocks.. It was $47 for enough food to feed 4 literally.. and that was with alcohol and appetizers. Nice! I will definitely be back :)
5	So happy we have such a cool~ Korean place like this. Awesome authentic Korean food with very attentive and friendly service. What more can u ask for in a restaurant right?! Simply a great place to hang out w friends. This place makes me miss Korea but fills the "hole" at the same time =) Decor and whole ambience takes u back into "old" Korea with the right amount of trendiness. Well deserved 5 stars~!!!
4	I heart this place.  Their food and service is exceptional, and the ambiance is cool.  My good friend, also a yelper, introduced me to this cool Korean barstaurant.  Immediately, I became a fan and a frequent customer.  One of my favorite items from the menu is their yuk gae jang (spicy beef and vegetable soup).  Also, love the side dishes.  Serving is small, but you can always ask for more.
4	Heard a lot of great things from Yelpers at past events so we finally stopped here after looking at houses around this area.  Really cool atmosphere inside and everything on the menu conveniently goes great with BEER!!Hite beer is great.  I feel like I could guzzle a gallon of this and feel good enough to operate heavy machinery or at least finish second on Jeopardy.  3 dishes is MORE than enough for 2 people.  I will definitely bring a group next time to try all the other great looking dishes we saw being served to others.  We got the kalbi, kimchi pancake and the kimchi and pork soup.  All of them were great and we left totally stuffed.
3	Yes, ears, that is KPop. Soyo is a cool place to take friends. Theres mood lighting, arcade games, soju, and a bunch of young hip Asians. The menu isn't very large, but both times I went with friends everyone was satisfied. Staff is friendly and accommodating. And it's clean (my favorite feature of any restaurant).
5	They still manage to amaze my pallet when I come here to satisfy my cravings for Korean food.  After a lazy work out, on my part, with my cousins I hadn't eaten dinner so I suggested we go to Soyo Korean Barstaurant for a snack.  We were seated in one of the booths that could be considered intimate because it's very private and lighting is somewhat dim.  This time around I wanted to try something different because for the most when in a Korean restaurant I will order beef short ribs, fried rice, chicken wings, etc.We ordered #48.  I forgot what it was called.  So much for remembering because it was really good.  You can order it with ramen or without.  We opted to eat it without since we get rice with the order anyway.  They asked us twice and made sure our order wasn't with ramen.  That made us think if we should have had it with ramen.  Oh well, next time.  It was a soup and supposedly the history behind this dish is that the Korean soldiers used to prepare this meal since it was quick and it feeds a lot of people.  There was spam, sausages, bacon, jalapeno, tofu, carrots, other vegetables I can't pin point, fried rice cake, and among other things thrown in the mixture.  As always, our dish came with side dishes and I'm happy to indulge.  I really love coming here as the atmosphere is just relaxed and laid back.  Servers are always kind and quick to cater to your needs.
4	Looking for a late night place to eat (late night being after 10pm by Summerlin standards), we drove out here.  It's kind of hard to see from the blazing lights of Oyshi Sushi but it's just off to the left of Oyshi.  This also coincided with Chris M.'s UYE, which was perfect.Hite beer on tap (and in the bottle).  Morimoto Soba Ale on tap.  Soju. Tiny little video game machines.  That would be enough for me.But the food is great, too! Our party of four shared a bunch of different dishes including spicy chicken with mozzarella, spicy pork belly and bean sprouts, mandu dumplings, kimchi and tofu soup, and a seafood scallion pancake.  Plus a few other dishes I did not try (so much food) and all the traditional Korean sides. The food portions are generally huge so plan accordingly.  Also, don't be afraid to mix and match.  Chris discovered that the sauce for the spicy chicken went great with the dumplings.  Who knew?The complimentary iced barley tea was delicious and I like the tin bowl service.  But I'm pretty sure it's caffeinated so I only had a bit.The spicy pork belly and bean sprouts came on it own portable stove, which was pretty large and unwieldy.  We ate pretty fast and didn't turn it on (were we supposed to?) so I wasn't quite sure the purpose of this as it took up valuable space on an already crowded table. At the end of your meal, its probably best to just approach the servers and ask for the check.  Thankfully Chris knew this or we would have been sitting for much longer wondering what was up.  Our bill was  very reasonable for all the food and alcohol my husband and I had.  Didn't even make it to the $75 mark so we could spin the wheel.  :)Definitely a fan and will definitely be back.
4	Took a much anticipated trip into Soyo for date night with my hubby. We were instructed to sit wherever we liked so we chose a nice private booth. It's a pretty small place. I think there's only about 12 tables. The atmosphere and decor are very cool. Much better than expected from the average Korean place. The service was excellent throughout but slow considering we were 1 of 3 total tables. Guess that's just how they operate. Pretty laid back. We were greeted with complimentary rice water/iced tea concoction. Not my "cup of tea" but my husband loved it. We started with lychee soju. It was pure ecstasy! They even chill all the glasses/tin drinking vessels. The flavored soju is $12 for an approx. 20 oz. bottle. The lychee is magical. We also had the pear. This may have been better of we didn't have the lychee first. The pear soju had too strong of an alcohol taste and was gritty with pear pulp. No thank you. After great debate, we decided on the kimchi fried rice, Korean BBQ short ribs (aka kalbi), and the mixed seafood pancake. Furthermore, we received all of the complimentary Korean apps. They served radishes, potatoes, kimchi, fish cakes, and a mysterious crunchy rice noodle in a creamy yogurt/mayo sauce. No pickled cucumbers!! Boo! My favorite. The kimchi fried rice was excellent! It was spicy, flavorful, and topped with an overhard egg. I, of course, would have preferred an over medium egg. The kalbi was ok. It was cut too thick. Very chewy and difficult to eat. The flavor was good though! The blackened onions and cabbage underneath coated in beef drippings was the best part. The pancake was crispy on the outside and slightly gooey on the inside. It was served HOT! Which I like. It came with a very tasty mystery sauce. The menu lists items as "Korean tapas" but they are portioned for 3-4 people. We only ordered 3 items and we were spent!! We even packed some to take home. Total bill for 2 bottles of soju and 3 items was $62...$74 with tip. I would highly recommend drinking at this place and killing some snackage while you are at it. However, it won't be the best Korean food you've had.
5	Amazing foodWarm welcome and wonderful serviceEvery dish was as remarkable as the next...Very authentic and HOT dishes with a modern twist and FAMILY style but nice in a warm way.Definitely will eat there again when I visit Vegas next time
5	Why didn't I know the existence of this place since it's right next to Oyshi Restaurant.  This is not one of your typical korean restaurant in which you grill your own food and I like it that way since I don't have the patience in cooking food myself.I like coming here at night because of the mood it sets, especially when you're out on a date, the boot seatings and interior design and dim lighting are just perfect for a nice peaceful conversation with someone. It's open 'til 3am. You can't go wrong with the bulgogi and kalbi. Great place to take a small party of friends from out of town.
3	Pretty good but did not live up to the hype. Service was nice, but slow and no service after the food is delivered. Korean sides should be refilled at any self respecting joint but they are not here.  Even for dinner, there are limited sides, guess Im spoiled with at least 6 or more sides at home and other restaurants.  Will go again because its close but will experiment with others first
5	Soyo now gets the five star treatment from me.  Service is always excellent and is able to cater to my party, whether it's two people or twelve people.  They have no problem pushing together several tables to accomodate large parties.  The staff here is extremely friendly and very open about their menu.  Not only will they tell you what is good, they'll also tell you what is not so good.  I think one big thing that Soyo has going for them is that the staff speaks English pretty well, which makes things a bit more convenient for us non-Koreans.I can safely say that food here has remained consistent, since my friends and I have ordered the same dishes many times over several visits.  The Budae Jjigae is still delicious, and if you ask them for more broth/soup they will bring it!  We asked for enough refills on soup last time that they even gave us more ramen noodles.  They know we enjoy their jjigae.We're now on a mission to try the whole menu, and everything we've tried has been good.  Recently I've tried the Blood Sausage and the Very Spicy Chicken.  The blood sausage was tasty, and came with some vegetables and clear noodles.  The Very Spicy Chicken is very spicy (spicy in, spicy out).  Order it mild or medium, and you have a delicious chicken dish with some spice and mozarella cheese on top.There are also special nights throughout the week now.  Tuesday nights are ladies night, where you can get drink specials if your party has 3 or more girls; no guys allowed in your party though!  I believe the drink special was 2 for 1 drinks, but I'm not positive (I'm not a lady, so it doesn't apply to me!)  On Wednesday through Sunday nights, if your party spends around $75 you get to spin their wheel.  Prizes range from nothing, to free cocktails/beer, to a $50 credit for food.  Lucky for me, the group I go with will almost always spend $75!It is safe to say that Soyo is easily one of my top Repeat Eats!  Enough so that now there's a new Yelp Las Vegas acronym: SUYE (Soyo UYE)!
4	Would I have choose this place for dinner tonight, just looking at the outside I would probably have stayed away, however, my husband had read the reviews and said we'd better give it a try and in we went. Small, cozy little place with some booths that are deep and will hold six people, the have a few tables if you prefer to bring in you friends, there is a couple of video machines for fun and overhead music that tonight was just my cup of tea. Speaking of tea, they serve a flask of iced Koren tea with tin cups, very quaint. After looking over the menu, I let my hubby make the choices, he's the best foodie I know and we usually don't do wrong by it. The server was a bit surprised because it did seem like a lot of food, especially when you add the kim chee. We got the Kalbi, very tender and full of flavor, dumplings, which were bigger than any others we tried in other places, chicken wings which was smothered a soy sauce with kim chee dipping sauce, a seafood kim chee soup and the best of all, the spicy tofu pork with kim chee. Of course we had to have white rice and there were at least eight little plates of various kim chee dishes. We did manage to eat it all and I added a fruity draft beer to help me wash it all down. I had had apricot beer before, and notice they had one on draft and that was my special added suggestion, it goes well with the spice of the kim chee. This is a hidden, quiet little off the beaten path place, that I hope to keep a secret. Best kim chee for sure!
3	2nd time here not as good as our first time , seemed like a lazy cook to me. We ordered the whole chicken , last time we ordered the wings it was very good with the sauce they serve., so why not the whole bird much more moist and flavorful I thought , boy was i wrong it was the saddest looking chicken i every saw, overcooked and way dry. Stevie Wonder could have seen that , and they still served it? The dumplings were not as good as the first time it lacked the texture , I remember from the first time              The spicy pork and tofu again the high light for me very good. Service was good but funny thing , when i asked for rice she said they normally don't' serve it with the dishes I ordered , but since I guess we were special she would do it , Wow, thank you! Had no problem with the rice the last time. Asian restaurant tight on rice?            You better fix that crap, I don't know to many Asians who don't eat rice with their meals.
4	This place is too much fun.  Came here for the SUYE where it was a bunch of hunky yelp males and me, and finally Sun M. came to provide a bit more estrogen!We ordered a bunch for the table, and Tien N. was kind enough to shout out when something had pork in it so I would avoid.  Took us awhile to get more cups for barley tea, and I had to ask for banchan for the table after we ate a ton, but service was very friendly and the food was amazing.  The restaurant was PACKED on a Wednesday late at night (well not late by Vegas standards) - we started gathering at 9:30 and I left at 11:40, very full!  Highlights: the addictingly delicious rice with smelt egg in hot stone pot - so good that after we attacked Paolo D.'s order, Tony T. had a second one and we attacked it as well!  Then noodles in hot anchovy broth - a wildcard but the broth was really wonderful and had a zing to it, and there were soba noodles and assorted veggies...yum!  The Very Spicy Chicken - apparently it was ordered "mild" but came out at least "medium" and the spice was great (eyes watered, nose ran) - the cheese on top was unusual but it worked.  Marbled beef - this was thin beef with onions, dipping sauce, and spicy salad with lettuce and green onions.  Rice cake skewers - crispy Korean rice cake with chile paste sauce - good way to start the meal.Everyone seemed to enjoy the porky things they ordered (several stews and soups, spicy pork).  Next time I go back I want like 4 bowls of the smelt egg rice stone pot and Tony T. suggests the grilled squid and garlic.  Drool....!
5	Flavored soju! The yogurt soju was soooooo yummy. They brought it in a bottle and a little cup. I'm not a big drinker so I couldn't finish the whole bottle so I asked the waitress if there was any way I can take the rest home. She brought me a soup container at the end of the meal. I drank that thing when I got back home to L.A. the next day. Ok food.... I ordered my usual soondubu and it was very tasty. They didn't ask how spicy I wanted it which the other places I've been to usually did. It was spicy but not too spicy. It was just right for me. My friend had the kalbi which she really  enjoyed and her daughter ordered the beef and veggie stew that she also liked. Service was great and the food was wonderful. We will be back! I just have to decide which soju to try next time.
5	Service is 5stars for sure! The servers are very knowledgeable, polite, movement of haste with elegance. The decor has the old school feel but with hints of modern. Manga books on the shelves are a nice touch for me. (nerd) Lighting is easy on the eyes. It's not too dark that I can't see the company I'm with but also not so bright that I get a headache. In other words its just right! They also have some mini sized arcade games!(nerd) Finally the FEWD... one word DELISH! I'd recommend the Grilled fish.. forgot what kinda fish it was but it was just a delight!
5	Spicy pork/kimchi soupBBQ RibsSpicy mozzarella chickenKimchi pancakes
5	Feelin' Soyo-Fied!!!Just had dinner at Soyo!It's official!Soyo is my go to once a week spot!I'm here every week... just for their bulgogi and kalbi!Love the late night hours! Not to mention their awesome tin cups and cheesy korean music.If you're a friend of mines... I've probably took you to Soyo! I'm changing each friend of mines into a soyo lover :DMy friends enjoy drinking soju here.If you love Korean... make your one choice SOYO!Thanks for making my original review on Soyo... Review of the Day!!! xo -Miss Yelp 2011
4	If you have never had Korean food, now is your time to try.  Soyo is the perfect place to try that one food with a bad reputation, Kimchi, and learn to love it.  It's also your opportunity to see somewhat familiar foods transformed into delicious, other-worldly dishes.Everything I learned about Korean food, I learned from a single episode of "Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations."  Needless to say, the only thing I retained were the facts about Kimchi and cold, buckwheat Soba noodles.  I learned far more from my single experience at Soyo.Soyo is owned by the same people who own our ridiculously busy, yet favorite, nearby sushi restaurant, Oyshi.  One look at the long line outside of Oyshi and the idea of trying Korean food for the first time seemed more appealing.  The friend we met had tried Korean food once before and enjoyed it, but warned us about kimchi, described as an "acquired taste."I'm happy to say that my taste was immediately acquired.I couldn't tell you the name of a single item we ordered, since everything was written in Korean with an English accompaniment describing the items in the dish.  Short Rib stew, buckwheat kimchi noodles, pork belly and squid with soy beans and spicy red sauce (still cooking on an open flame when brought to our table) and about 8 condiments/side dishes that I couldn't name or describe the contents of.  Lucky for us, everything was absolutely delicious.  If you like spicy food, come here.  If you like big, bold flavors and tenderly cooked pork and beef, come here.  If you want to try something new, come here.  5 star food and 4 star service.Unfortunately, I have a couple of minor complaints... First of all, our friend asked for a glass of water, but we were informed by our waitress that they don't serve water and instead serve cold barley tea.  5 minutes later, I saw someone being served water.  Second, the service was inconsistent, no one really checked on us, but it could be because they were unprepared for the amount of business coming in at 8pm on a Friday night?  Third, the squid that came with our spicy red sauce dish was perfectly cooked for the first 5 minutes of dinner, but thanks to the constant heat, quickly became chewy and difficult to eat.  I would recommend getting any dish with squid without the burner.Complaints aside, we had a fantastic meal and will be returning very soon. Go to Soyo!
5	I ate here a couple times and both times were delicious! I like that they open til late since there aren't many tasty places in this area. I had their lychee soju, very dangerous! I could drink it like water! That's how delicious it was. Last time I was there, I had this beef and vegetable with rice in stone bowl, Y U M!!I can't wait to go back and try other food!
3	ordered the budae jjigae and it was goood, feeds at least two people. ate it before a hike in re rock canyon, maybe not the best idea, better for a cold night or right after some heavy drinkin.service was great. squid qppetizer was okay, kinda too sweet. the lady thought I was filipino so she recommended the squid dish ahaha.
5	Picture if you will a door. Now this is no ordinary door because walking through it takes you to another place and time. Sometimes this door takes you to other lands, and sometimes it takes you to places that have never existed until now. I found such a door in a nondescript shopping center on the south side of Las Vegas.This door will take you to Korea. Now I know some of you are feeling tentative and a bit scared about trying foreign dishes ordered from a menu with no pictures, and unfamiliar names. I am here to help you, and you will be enriched by the experience.First off, the staff is wonderful, and very willing to help. If you are overwhelmed, let them know some of your likes and dislikes and ask for a recommendation. The Kimche (spicy cabbage) is very tasty here as is the octopus. If you are bold, try the gizzards which had a fantastic sauce, or the bulgogi (beef) if you are less adventurous.Soyo is one of the best Asian restaurants in Las Vegas. Go with friends, try something new. You won't regret it!
4	This is a pretty interesting place casual and friendly. Set up to look like old Korea. I loved the tin cups just made it seem friendly. Good food and atmosphere. Had a great time with friends even though I suck with chopsticks.
4	I wanted to try some good Korean food. Calling up my buddy Dennis, we commiserated and after checking Yelp, we decided to go to Soyo. Being a relative newcomer, I let Dennis choose our food and crossed my fingers. Also, my toes. One can never be too careful. What arrived was an array of meats, vegetables, and even seaweed cooked just right and given great flavor. How great you might ask? I ate radishes. Willingly. I know that doesn't sound like a big deal, until you stop and realize something....they were RADISHES. Yet Soyo made them good, and made them stand out even among the stuffed dumplings, bbq'd beef, kim chee and other tasty items. Except for the sea weed. Even Superman had limits to his powers.That said, Soyo was great all the way around in the food department. The staff were polite and helpful, the draft beer was drafty (imagine that), and the whole experience was a very good one.One other thing needs mentioning, though. the decor is going to be off putting to some. By some, I mean really really Americanized people. While it is classy, clean and unique, it also features a copious amount of Korean writing all over the restaurant and the menu itself. Those who are not a bit adventurous could be a bit overwhelmed or intimidated, of even, overtimidated (inwhelmed?). My advice to those of you who think you might fall into that group? Take a chance anyway. The food is great and well worth it.
4	I heart this place.   Service is exceptional.  Food is delicious especially their spicy beef and vegetable soup.  Yummo!  This place gets really crowded especially around 11pm until about closing time.  Their sojus are also really wonderful.  My favorites are the peach, pineapple, lychee & yogurt soju.
4	I just love this place. The staff is so friendly and the food is excellent, as well as very reasonably priced. The kimchi wasn't the best I've had, but still good.
4	mmm great korean food in vegas
4	Never having had Korean food before, we decided to have a food adventure. So we went down to Soyo late on a Sunday night. Neat little place. They apparently need to hire some people though.The Good:Ambiance, Tin Bowls for drinking, Soju, the prices, and the food, at least the Tofu soup and the Korean BBQ ribs. Also cooking food at the table is still entertaining and several dishes come with a million little addons. The Bad: The staff were clearly running their asses off but we didn't see a lot of our waiter. Maybe we were supposed to wave them down, I saw this being done a few times (and not in an impolite fashion). All the interactions we had with the staff were good, but they were clearly overburdened. Maybe a few people called out. This dropped the review a star. Also I would have liked sweetener for the Barley tea but it was fine.Surprising Positive: Loud Korean Pop Music. It's great! Who knew? Also the amount of beer on tap is pants-tighteningly fantastic for a place this size, and they have Rogue Morimoto Soba on tap! ITS FIFTEEN DOLLARS A PITCHER. Questions I developed: Why are there  at least four rubber chickens hanging up? Also is the media on the shelves for sale? What does all the stuff on the walls say? I would have asked but the servers were swamped.I will go back. I need to make a Korean friend to explain more to me, but had an overall good experience. HIRE ANOTHER WAITER.
5	Many reasons to appreciate Soyo:1. The decor and overall environment is trendy and modern. I appreciate that they made the effort to keep the paint and furniture in this century.2. The staff is super friendly and on top of their ish. They always come around to refill the iced tea pitchers and the side dishes that always seem to magically disappear within 26 seconds.3. The food is amazing. I am of Korean descent and quite frankly they have the best al-tang (fish egg soup), I have ever eaten in my life (don't tell my mom). The side dishes always seem freshly prepared and not refrigerated for weeks. Everything really tastes phenomenal; the soondubu is great and even the kalbi (BBQ ribs) is marinated perfectly. Its even better than the Korean BBQ spots scattered around town! To boot, everything is reasonably priced. I don't think I've ever seen anything on the menu over $13. That's a far cry from the $25 for one slab of meat at the Korean restaurants in Chinatown! Highly recommended.
5	LOVE Soyo. Small plate korean food. Great variety. good vibe.  Music playing a little loud on weekends, but I like that.I think it is a good blend of great authentic food with modern atmosphere. Great service every time I have been there. Just moved into Nevada Trails and this will become a staple weekend spot for me.
3	Decent korean food..especially for vegas. Im not a huge fan of korean food so i rated it low. But if you like korean food you may really like this place. I ordered soon tofu soup. It was really red but not as much flavor as i thought it would have.
5	Super authentic! Don't dine here without trying the house soju. Squid and garlic; Korean sausage (blood) and vegetable; and the beef and veggie soup are all delicious and the portions are huge on the entrees.
5	On a search for a late night meal, we came across Soyo. Loved everything about it!1. mini arcade, chalk walls, and cute booths.2. complimentary iced water/tea served in tin bowls.3. complimentary banchan: seaweed, fishcake, kimchi, radish, bean sprout, cucumber!4. HOUSE SOJU! peach soju! lychee soju! yogurt soju! soju soju soju!5. tons of beer on tap6. authentic feel-good korean food7. wonderful service !I can imagine this place getting pretty crowded with youngsters on a weekend, but it was relatively easy going at 11pm on a Friday night... maybe its cause its off the strip or just that weekend, but if this place was in LA... this place would be packed! They were relatively low staffed but we were tended to very well. Ordered the seafood pancake (tapa/appetizer), kimchi fried rice, and porkbelly/squid special. The seafood pancake was nothing close to tapa sized... but that was fine with us!; kimchi fried rice was nothing special; porkbelly/squid was solid and enough to feed 3-4 people! Portions were huge! Should of known better than to order so much food at a korean establish, had to take food home  - which they nicely packed up for us - and it still tasted great heated up the next day!Overall, it was a stellar experience. Soyo provides a trendy fun atmosphere, perfect late night dinner, and plenty of soju for a fun time with a good group of friends!
1	The food was good but the service is very slow. I decided to go again the following week to give them a second try but I got the same result, very slow service.
3	The food was ok. I had the spicy pork ribs which were dry and had an odd flavor to them. The one good thing was the side dishes were awesome. My favorite is the radish kimchi which was off the chain! The server was nice and let me take some home. Maybe I tried the wrong dish, ill give it another go and maybe change my mind.
5	I found my favorite Korean spot in town!  It's a small bar/restaurant joint with an unique layout and a relaxed atmosphere.  Everything we ordered was addictively delicious.  Fish cake soup, spicy ramen soup with spam or sausage, Korean Beef Ribs with Vegetable Stew, seafood pancake...hold on a sec while I'm wiping the drool off my face.  You can tell every dish is well prepared and the ingredients are probably also higher quality than other Korean places.  The service was surprisingly good.  The waitress spoke perfect English and was very attentive.  I didn't have the "too bad I don't speak Korean" feeling at a lot of the other Korean restaurants.
4	Soyooooooooo was off the chain.  Come on, if you've been there already, admit you wanted to bob your head a little while you were eating.  Stop lying to yourself.  I even heard a new melodic rendition of Hit em Up.  I was sold when I walked in.   Between the elevated, tall, secret table on your right as your walk in, the tin bowls to drink tea in, and the music taking me back to the Source Awards in the early 90's, I was in a special moment.Onto the food.......We ordered the Marbled Beef which was alright.  The Buhdaejjigae was comforting and for only $2 more, you can get extra noodles.The Grilled Squid and garlic was awesome, but I wish I could have paid more for more squid or bigger pieces.   The star of the show was the Korean Beef Short Ribs with Vegetable Stew.  I wouldn't be suprised to see this on a future episode of Best Things I Ever Ate in Vegas, because like one of my friends says, it's like candy......or short rib crack.  If you haven't been to Soyoooooo, Hit em Up!
2	Well.. when I walked inside, I was first reminded of those hole-in-the-wall establishments. Mind you, those can be really good.Service does indeed lack, but that may be due to just having two servers. The guy seemed clueless to me, half the time, and the girl seemed to know what she was doing. Although, it did take us about 3 tries to get just plain WATER. Whatever drink they provide you with for the tin cans remind me of burnt rice.Anywho, I ordered the ddukbokki w/ ramen ($10) cause my sister mentioned it and my friend had the pork belly squid item ($20). Next time I'd definitely try the tapas though. Those range about $4+ so it can get pricey ordering those simple dishes.On another note, our side dishes didn't come out till after the food, and that was after we asked for them. Another table got their dishes about the time they were seated so that was upsetting. If I do actually go back, I'll have to see if the service gets any better.
5	great atmosphere, people are nice and food is delicious. a little pricey but worth it.
2	My second and third experiences at Soyo were suddenly less than stellar. I don't know why we got such bad service and felt like we were still so hungry after spending so much more than we usually do. it just didn't match up to the first time. I'd like to attribute it to just being very hungry the first experience, but the service and quality of food really were fantastic the first time we dined there. I guess it's all relative, but I just felt like it was a so-so situation when i dropped in again. Hopefully that was a fluke.. 2x in a row.. but nonetheless, hopefully.
5	Best kimchee jigae i've ever had. Definite love the corn cheese. I love their korean music too. Atmosphere is definite lounge like and fun.
4	We first came to Oyshi Sushi but since there was a wait, the manager suggested to go next door to Soyo for a drink and they would call them to tell us when our table was available.  Sweet!  Walked over 2 doors down to a dimly lit "barstaurant", grabbed a table and ordered some soju.  I've never had it before so wasn't sure how it would taste but I'm def a fan of it now.  They have a good happy hour and although we didn't get to try the food, I had a  glimpse of other patron's dishes and boy was I hungry.  The service is awesome and very helpful plus prices were affordable.  I must come back.
5	I'm a Korean drama addict! My friend introduced me to this place. Boy, was it bomby. Yummy in my tummy! I liked the decor of the place. The music is awesome! I was jammin to TPain-best love song, while eating my bibimbap (now I know what this tastes like)! We also had the spicy pork ribs. Delicious! The tapas were great. Our waitress was really cool and attentive. Price was not that bad at all.That said, I am definitely coming back! Come join me!
5	I just love this place. Hip and delicious. The music is kind of loud and the service can be slow, but it's just plain fun! The servers could not be nicer - they are just busy. The music is usually pretty loud, but cool. It's the best Korean food I've found so far in the valley. Try the Soju drinks. They are surprising good especially on a hot day. I'm always WAY older than the rest of the crowd yet feel completely comfortable. Don't be shy of the trendiness. It's worth a visit. 2 thumbs up!
4	Good food. Decent price.
3	Been here a few times now. Food is good. Prices are reasonable. But service is consistently horrible. This may be due to being understaffed but it's unacceptable. You won't see your waiter very often. Sometimes not for the entire duration of your meal after he brings your food. Might have to go up to the counter to ask for your check since they often just completely forget about you.
5	Combating both a hangover and sleep deprivation, I reluctantly drove over to Soyo after having lunch plans with some coworkers. However, after that meal, I was feeling better than ever - definitely not regretting the trek across town. After having a cold buckwheat noodle soup with my brother once before, I decided to continue with the buckwheat tradition, but ordered the Cold Buckwheat Noodles in the Spicy Broth. My coworkers ordered the Cucumber, Kimchee Noodles and the Bulgogi dish. Needless to say, everyone was satisfied. My buckwheat dish was a huge portion, enough to feed two people for only eight bucks. Everyone else commented the same on theirs, with only one of us to finish our entire dish. Oh, those noodles. Cold yet spicy; filling yet addictive. Oh then there were the sides - the one that garnered attention from our chopsticks was the rehydrated squid. It was salty, slightly sweet like my favorite childhood snack without the chewiness of dried squid. That with my noodles was the perfect thing for the four hours of sleep and multiple beers the prior night. Now service. I can't remember our server's name, but she was the absolute sweetest! Something about her quirky, adorable demeanor mixed with attentiveness and cordiality. I adored her almost as much as I did my noodles!Having a brother and two best friends completely enamored with the Korean culture piqued my own interest. After Soyo, it became blatant why. I can now say I have a crush on the Korean culture too.
4	I've now been here three times. Service improved for me. My third time -- the service was pretty great since we got checked up often and by each server, too. It wasn't always just one dedicated server making sure we were okay. We also only got the check when asked.This time, I tried the marbled beef salad (which I do adore!), the bai top shells w/ noodles, and the omelet rice. Last visit I tried the chicken gizzards with garlic, but that was kind of dry and bland. Out of all the things I mentioned, I would probably only re-order the marbled beef salad. I love the salad part of it. It's like the salad at TofuHut.I didn't like the barley tea, but now it's kind of growing on me in a way that I won't need to order water because this suffices. I'm slowly going down their menu to see what's good and what's not to me :).
4	So yo want some yum-o Korean food, come on down to Soyo Barstaurant.  Open till the next morning, this place is quaint, cheap, and boasts a full bar.  What caught my attention was the sign outside--simple and sweet.  I love the games at the front door, the unique booth seating, and the old TV used as decor in the eating area.  There's even a dead chicken hanging from a bell at the bar!  The menu is simple and broken down by types of dishes.  The bulgogi is served in a stone pot and the kalbi served on the usual cabbage on a platter.  I ordered some fried dumplings with special sauce, korean fried chicken in spicy sauce, bulgogi and kalbi.  They provide green tea with corn for free and serve it in tin bowls instead of cups, which I LOVE.  The food takes about 10-15 minutes, but well worth the wait since they provide the usual side dishes while you wait.  Everything came out piping hot and very, very, VERY good.  The dumplings, although listed as tapas, was the side of my palm and there were six of them.  The special sauce was yummy, the dumplings were so darn good and soft but crispy.  The filling--rice, meat, vegetables--was flavorful and well balanced.  It felt like a lumpia filling but better.  They definitely make those on premises.  The bulgogi and kalbi are outstanding.  They're better than the $25 cook-your-own BBQ we usually get in Chinatown.  If anyone's been to Guam, it tastes like Seijong's food.  The bulgogi is yummy and in a broth with clear noodles and dumpling slices, and the kalbi is BBQ'd to perfection.  The sauce is killer in both.  The KFC is really darn good!  I'm going to have to ask to lay off the sauce a bit since it was drenched, but they do it pretty well.  I was just happy to find one that does serve it and at least gets close enough to K-town's as we can get, although nothing beats K-town's KFC in LA.  Anyway, it's spicy, sweet, sticky, but super crispy, which made it yum-o.With all the food we ordered, we were out 43 bucks--a steal.  With great food and the fact that the kitchen is open late, this makes Soyo a winner in my book.
3	I gave three stars only because of the service received. The food was pretty good. However, you expect to be greeted when walking through the doors, yes? Well, it took a good 10 minutes before anyone acknowledged my party. No hellos, no nothing.Employees assisted the tables in front of us, while we just stood by, waiting to be seated. Another group came in and were immediately greeted and seated. Hello? Eventually, we asked if we were going to be seated anytime soon, and one employee said he thought we were waiting for a booth...  I'm not sure how that excuses us from being ignored...Eventually we were seated, our orders were taken and the food was good. But then, our server forgot to being out additional requested utensils and refills of corn tea. The duration taken to check in on my table, clear it and being out the bill was less than appreciated. I would not recommend this place due to the lack of attention and customer service provided. There are plenty other Korean restaurants I'd rather give my business to.
4	Nice atmosphere and food is pretty decent. I like the spicy tofu seafood soup. My husband really likes the marble beef. Side dishes are ok. The Kimchi is good but the rest just ok. We also like that they have 8 different beers on tap. Service can be a bit slow at times. Other than that, it's a pretty decent place.
4	Husband and I made it over last Sunday and loved it.  Couldn't get over how developed that part of town is!    Definitely think this is the sharpest, most interesting place in that area...Inside, they've done a  nice job of tricking up the interior to make it feel less strip mall.  I loved the atmosphere although the booths weren't very comfortable nor were they sound buffered - we could hear every word of the conversations around us...I'd made a short list of items (okay, it was too long) that I wanted to make sure we tried...We started with the mandu - needed some seasoning but that's what dippping sauce is for -- the filling and portion size was generous.  I'm a sucker for dumplings and love how every culture has one - and I love em all.  We had the buckwheat noodle soup - it will be coming off the menu as soon as temperatures come down and I've been telling my husband about this dish from EJo... I was thrilled to see it on Soyo's menu.  I had him taste it before adding the vinegar/mustard - he pronounced it flat...I swirled in the magic ingredients and this time his eyes sparkled - it's his kind of dish --  light, bright, surprising, complex but simple.  I loved their version.We had their KFC (actually the spicy garlic wings) - these were sticky, ooey, gooey delicious - and I normally am not a wing fan...but I thought these were yummy.We also tried their rice wine - it comes in a bowl with a ladle...and it's addictive.  Light alcohol content, cold, sweet, a little sparkly, think unfiltered sake spritzer or new wine.  Delicious.  (And enough for two to share...or not)I didn't realize how wonderful Hite beer is until Sunday either -- it's got a touch of sweetness-- perfect for spicy Korean food.  I think Hite is probably my favorite beer right now...We also tried their kimchee pancake.  Great, but could have been crispier, downright soggy in the middle...but we ate it all with relish.  Sort of hard to complain about when you've pretty much licked the plate clean.All in all, it was a great first experience...we probably should have tried their bulgogi, but we'll do that the next time - because we will definitely go back.
4	I probably come here at least once every two weeks. It is conveinently located right down the street from me.  My boyfriend always orders the kalbi and my favorites are the Haemul Sundubu Jjigae (Spicy tofu soup) and the Spicy Beef soup. I love anything spicy!! The service can be slow at time but the staff is very friendly. Good food with great prices. I am always taking my friends and guests here.
4	It made me change my mind about Barley tea. Chilled barley tea in a bowl is what they serve instead of water. Honestly, i didn't like it the very first time i went there, so i asked for water. The second time, i loved it. I love their Barley tea. It's so refreshing and different. Let's talk about food. I have been there about 4-5 times now, every time i go there, it's usually late at night. Thank god for they are open till late!!! Me and my finance, we tried their pork ribs, beef short ribs lots of different kinds of soups and lot more. Let me tell you, their casseroles are the best. It comes in a big bowl, it's soup-y, steaming hot and plenty for two.I'd call my self a regular at this place, and I've had good time every time i went in there.And by the way, service is very good. Very attentive servers!!!!
4	I went here with a large group to eat and drink and I was very impressed with the overall quality of the Korean food. Being from LA, I was a bit hesitant, but the reviews are correct. You can get some really good korean bar food and be able to hang out and drink the night away at this place. It's hard to find these types of places anywhere else but in LA Ktown, but this one in the Southwest of Las Vegas definitely reminds me of home. I definitely have to go back again with friends, as it is a place to hang out for a good few hours, eating and drinking. I've tried the kimchee fried rice, the spicy wings, and the pork belly and squid platter (see pictures). Everything was really good and always goes well with some soju and beer. Definitely need to make my way back over there soon.
5	It is high time that I update my review for Soyo. It's been almost exactly a year since I first reviewed it and I've been back quite a few times since. Along with a plethora of other Yelpers, I absolutely love this place. No doubt, the food is great. But what makes Soyo such a great spot to hang out is the atmosphere. This is definitely a place you want to hit up with a few friends.Some of our faves...* Budae Jjigae aka Korean Army Stew - I never really understood why people love this so much. The first couple of times I tried it, it was OK. But this past Monday, that stew was completely on point. It just hit that perfect amount of heat to make you want to keep eating it. And let's face it. As Anthony M and Tien N can attest, it's filled with all the bad things you love--sausages, bacon, SPAM. It's a great stew to share among three of four friends. Don't worry if you can't find it on the menu. I never can either.* Fried Rice with Smelt Egg in a Stone Pot - I can never remember the exact name of this dish, but it's absolutely delicious. After they bring it out, make sure to let it sit for a few minutes to allow the bottom to crisp up. Then mix all that goodness up with a spoon before you dig in. It's worth the extra wait. The smelt egg really adds great flavor to this rice dish.* Chicken Wings - I don't remember the exact name of this dish either. It doesn't matter. They're insanely good. Props to Misti Y for ordering them. I wouldn't have tried them otherwise. The wings are bursting with flavor and you even get whole cloves of garlic for good and tasty measure.* Galbi Jjim (Korean Braised Short Ribs) - This is a dish I've only had once thanks to a recommendation from Jieun L. It's a bit on the pricey side at $15, but it was incredibly good. The ribs were flavorful and extremely tender.* Very Spicy Chicken - The level of heat on this dish has been hit and miss. In fact, I don't think I've ever had it at its legendary spiciness level, which is fine with me. In any case, this is a great choice. The mozzarella cheese isn't something you would expect in a Korean dish, but it's a stroke of genius. Delicious!I won't continue listing dishes ad nauseam. You get the point. As Jane K mentions in her review, Soyo is simply a fantastic place to hang out. A few hours with a few friends and perhaps a few bottles of soju. Now that's what I call a killer evening.
5	I've totally slept on Soyo.  I've never even heard of it until I went with some fellow Yelpers who frequent the joint and I'm so glad I did.  InstaFan!!Everything on the menu looked really good, but I decided to go with the Dolsot Bimimbap ($9).  If you have never had this, it's served in a stone pot and rice, egg, veggies, and beef.  I've only had Bimimbap at a few other places (so I am far from being an expert), but this is probably the best I've tried.  The rice that hardened from the heated stone pot is seriously the best part!  I got to sample a few other things too and I was totally impressed:Chicken Wings -  These were doused in some amazing marinade.  I do not have the slightest clue as to what it is (perhaps it's some homemade concoction of some sorts), but it was definitely memorable!  The wings itself were huge too!  These came off some ripped chickens!Budae Jigae (I totally did not know what the stew was since I didn't order it, so I had to rely on a fellow Yelpers review for the name)-   This is what is going to bring me back to this place!  The portion of this thing was out of control (perfect for sharing).  I honestly do not even know what was in it:  noodles, Spam, and pieces of bacon.  Whatever it was, it was full of goodness!  It had a spice to it that gave it an awesome kick.  Not too spicy though so you can actually enjoy the taste.Pros:*  decently priced* filling portions* authentic food* endless Barley tea in some tin bowl (I love it!)Cons:*  The only con I can think of is that I slept on this place for too long... If you haven't been, you definitely have got to try it.  I'm so taking my gf here the next chance I get.Tips:*  Come hungry!* Yes, they have flavored Soju for those wondering.* They are open late to satisfy your late night K-Food cravings  I will surely be back and I'll update my review when I try other things on the menu.  I can't wait !!! (Salivating w/ anticipation)
4	I have been hearing about this place for ages and have never gotten around to going until last weekend. I came here with two of my girl friends and we decided to share several dishes between the three of us. We ordered the seafood stew, spicy chicken wings and appetizer order of the mackeral. All the food was incredibly flavorful and the amount of food you get for the price is fantastic. We were stuffed by the end of the meal and very content. The staff was pretty friendly and gave us great suggestions on what to order to help round out our meal. We didn't try any of the drinks on this occasion, but I hear they are fantastic. I look forward to trying them again on my next trip. I enjoyed the seating quite a bit as well. The booths we very closed off and private which creates a very good environment for conversing with your dining companions. I'll definitely be back.
5	Best Korean food in Vegas.  Quickly become one of my favorite restaurants and I love going there every chance I can.  I love the ambience, the food is great, and the kimchi is awesome.  I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	Whoa buddy I found some tasty food. I spent an evening at Soyo with two friends for a small birthday celebration.First off this place is much more like a bar and grill type atmosphere. When you walk in the lighting is dark and there are tables and long booths alongside one wall. You can tell they take a lot of pride in their alcohol selection. The complimentary barley tea was a great way to start the night. We ordered a round of the lychee soju to share as well. I typically don't like lychee, but it was good in this form. It was a bit too sweet for me though.We ended up ordering quite a few dishes. I must say the garlic chicken wings stuck out to me as my favorite dish. They were flavorful and big, although a bit sticky, but still tasty. I even brought some home to my boyfriend and he liked them! He usually steers clear of anything that is not meat and potatoes or pizza. I also like the fried dumplings, but they were a bit greasy. For my main dish I got the Dol sot bi bim bap and it was delicious! I didn't think I'd make a dent in it, but I ate almost the entire thing. I really liked how it came out sizzling and snapping.Overall this was a great experience, much better than I've had at other Korean places. I would definitely go back here to try some more of their dishes.
5	I am in love with Soyo. Not only is it  very local and in an area completely off the strip/ Chinatown.. it's got amazing food, good atmosphere to socialize in and one of the chillest interior designs off all Korean restaurants in Las Vegas. As far as the menu goes, everything there is surprisingly very reasonably priced and cheap. They have a section called "casseroles" in which you can order from a wide range of spicy soup. Two people can share for only $20! The servers will actually bring out the portable stove for you too so that your soup is guaranteed hot at all times. This applies the same for their tapas and certain grilled/ fried dishes. If you get the casserole dish, GET THE SEAFOOD COMBO!! *DROOLS* It is so delicious and smells like fresh seafood by the bay. On top of having a large amount of vegetables, different types of mushrooms and udon noodle, they also put a GENEROUS amount of seafood in the soup. It  includes baby octopus, squid, fish cakes, mussels, clams, shrimp AND soft shell crab. (If this helps, the broth is similar to the Korean spicy kimchi flavored ramen you find at the Asian supermarket, yet with a more natural taste, instead of all of the msg)Now Soyo is not a very large restaurant. It sits about 45 people max capacity, and has roughly 12-15 tables to dine in (mostly larger tables). The ambiance of Soyo is very relaxed, extremely laid back with good 90's hip hop/ dance music  and the occasional k pop playing in the background.. The lighting there is also dim, with a blueish kind of hue that gives off a very mellow vibe.. almost as if you were dining in some alleyway at 3 AM in Korea where the only lighting you got was from the street lamps (imagine Korean dramas lol). It's definitely the place to go to if you just want to enjoy good company, good alcohol and good food. I definitely recommend this place, especially if you go there for a date. Ask to sit in their cute little nook like caved in booths that are directly mounted into the walls (sort of like private rooms). You will definitely have more privacy and a cozy feel when you dine!..
5	Korean food, Saranghaeyo! I apologize Soyo for holding a prejudice against you. I know it is not your fault that you do not taste exactly like my favorite restaurants in Korea. Nor come at those prices either. It was unfair of me. I know that now. With that being said, I love the variety of wonderful Korean dishes they serve here. The Albap is a solid dish that takes the standard bibimbap and amplifies it with delicious fish roe. The bright orange granules add a nice crunch and pop in every bite. Served in a dolsot, or stone bowl, it gets crispy on the bottom and adds more texture to the rice. The gamjajeon, or potato pancake, takes on attributes of the Jewish latke more than the Korean style. It is so good, you do not have to worry about it getting cold, because it will be gone. Cold noodles are a passion of mine and they have three of the best. The bibimnaengmyeon (cold buckwheat noodles) are tossed in a spicy and sweet sauce and is my sister's go to meal. I ordered the bibimguksu (cold rice noodles) today and she loved those as well. If you like vinegar, try the broth version of the former. It has a richness from the beef bones and a tanginess that awakens the taste buds. My only complaint about this visit was that the radish kimchi was mushy. It should have a nice crunch. The other side dishes were ok, but nothing mind blowing.
5	Living in Honolulu, I always have the same old same old korean food.  Don't get me wrong, Korean food in Honolulu is pretty good.  It just ... in Mainland, you get something new and something better :)My korean friends took me to this place.  This is a little different than the traditional korean restaurant which is very "smelly" or "BBQy" (in the good way).   It's very modern and clean.  The menu is very "tapa" style too.We ordered rice cake with vegitables with "ramen" noodle in spicy sauce which I haven't eaten in 10 years.  I was so happy they make this dish.  I gotta find one in Honolulu (usual korean dish is rice cake with vegi only).  We also ordered some grilled rice cake skewers and cream corn with cheese for appitizers.  They are all very good.The BEST soup we have is the "seafood soup" (spicy of course).  That is sooo delicious.  Lots of seafood and they are fresh.  I just keep eating and eating even though I was super fulled.  The most important is we ate so much and the bill is so reasonable.  (cuz we don't drink, haha!)Gotta visit here again on my next Vegas trip!!!
1	updating, because both my wife and I got sick after eating here. We were back on teh bandwagon with soyo after 2 great meals, and then the last one, I had bi bim bap, wife had sul lung tang, and we both got diarrhea later that night. It had to be the side dishes, so Im concerned that maybe they are not storing these foods properly
4	SO YO' check this....beasty beats play in the background at this joint that make you want to bust a move....even if you are a reserved conservative asian =)  Besides the music, the decor and atmosphere of this establishment makes this an ideal place for a little get together with friends...or in our case a party of 16. FYI they do take reservations for larger parties, just call ahead!The one item that I HAVE to order when I come here and I would rank on the list of BOMB DIGGITY items....is the beef short rib and vegetable stew....imagine tender, succulent braised short ribs in a sweet savory sauce served in a hot stone pot!  I think all the dishes I've tried have been excellent including the grilled squid in garlic, sweet and sour marinated pork, korean ramen/rice cake with sausage casserole, seafood udon casserole....just to name a few.  Like all other Korean establishments, the meal comes with banchan (Korean side dishes)....one special one they have that I haven't seen before are these little nuggets of beef (possibly oxtail?!)....delish!   The brown rice tea comes in little bottles on the table, but the cups are metal bowls (in case you are wondering what they are for)...that kind of look like dog dishes....but hey it works!I wouldn't recommend coming by yourself....this place is definitely better in a group...so you can go family style and taste a little of everything!
5	We had hot soft tofu, fried chicken wings w/ garlic sauce, gal-bi short ribs, daikon kimchi, cabbage (napa?) kimchi, sweet pickled cucumbers, beef jerky-like morsels, cole slaw-like salad and white rice. With complimentary ice tea (barley?), the total bill was just over $30.  The food was delicious, the staff was friendly, knowledgable and accommodating, and lucky for me, a five minute drive my house! :D
4	Let me start by saying that I'm not a fan of Korean food.  My girlfriend likes this place and I like to see her happy, so we go often.  This is her favorite Korean restaurant in Vegas, where we live.  There is plenty of parking.  The atmosphere is pretty cool.  We always sit in a booth.  Each booth has walls that go all the way up creating privacy and a sense if intimacy.  The servers are friendly, helpful, and clean.  Korean pop music and a little Korean rap provide additional cultural ambiance.  Popcorn tea is served before you order.  Its a little weird, but definitely reminds me of popcorn.  Various side dishes come out with every meal.  A lot of pickled stuff.  The only one I can name is kimchi.  My girlfriend loves the hot kimchi soup.  I'm starting to like it too.  I like to pour it over rice.  By the way, they never seem to give me enough rice.  My favorite entree here is the galbi.  Probably because it is closest to stuff I normally eat.  It is BBQ ribs sliced very thin and served on grilled vegetables on a hot skillet.  The bulgogi is also pretty good.  Thin sliced meat served in a soup.  We ordered the fried calamari once.  It was pretty good, but had a lot of garlic.  Once we tried Korean style sushi.  It was okay.  Another time we tried a seafood soup.  It sounded so good.  It had all sorts of seafood.  However, the meat was too hard to get to.  It was really messy so I gave up.  I was really disappointed.  The plates, bowls, and eating utensils are all very stylish.  I really enjoy experiencing other cultures and love trying their foods.  I'm beginning to like Korean food more and even developing a taste for kimchi.  If you like Korean food then I highly recommend this place.
2	To my Korean Peoples.. don't hate for my 2 star review!  The place was popular and packed.. but I wasn't impressed.  It was adventure time  and we wanted to hit a joint that was different so I read the numerous 5 Stars branded on Soyo.  As soon as we were seated, it took our waiter  such a long time before he approached us that we all dared eachother to up and leave and hit the neighboring sushi joint if he doesn't come in the next 5 min.  The thing is, we didn't have an order to begin with.. all we had buzzing around our heads were ???. It was our first time at Soyo and we had questions about everything.  There was a bottle of carmel colored liquid on our table and 2 silver tin pans... didnt know what it was, what to do with and if we had to pay for.  No one bothered to tell us that the COMPLIMENTARY iced TEA was supposed to be POURED into and SIPPED from the tin PANS.. who woulda knew?  The menu was foreign from the normal Korean BBQ so we asked the waiter to bring us a couple of their most popular dishes.  He brought us the Chicken Wings w Special Sauce and the Garlic Squid.  The presentation was so so and the taste of the dishes didn't jazz me up one bit.  The wings were overdressed with what tasted like BBQ sauce and the garlic baked squid was good (eatable), but it wasn't the rave.  If these were their so-called Most Popular, I don't mind staying out from the in-crowd.  All I'm saying is, if you do decide to come here, make sure you bring a seasoned Yelp "Regular", otherwise expect to be lost in the Barstaurant or Restaubar mix!...but you could never go wrong with the dynamic duo of Hit Beer and Yogurt Soju!
5	Yub, still delicious! Still open late to satisfied our empty stomachs!Except service is even better! No more Korean to non-Korean attitude!
3	Kind of disapponting but I think my expectations were too high after so many great reviews. I think it's an ok place for a group of people after hours to drink and have snacks. For a couple looking for good homemade Korean food .. Not so much. Ordered 2 apps of mandoo and corn. Mandoo was good nothing spectacular and corn was just corn off the cob with mozzarella cheese baked on top. Also ordered Kalbi and soft tofu soup with seafood. The Kalbi was a little tough and the soup was a little oily and the few pieces of tiny clams in it were all closed! Not horrible but not worth a second visit. Did like the booths though felt nice and private.
5	I must admit, I fell in love with authentic Korean cuisine when I took a trip to K-town in Los Angeles. I came back to Vegas, and I've never been the same since. When you've got short ribs and all you can eat Korean BBQ joins running up and down Spring Mountain Road, you kind of wish you could find a good Korean joint that doesn't entail all you can eat or a grill in the center of the table.Finally! Everyone on Yelp has been raving about this place, and I just had to see it for myself. The place is small, but I love that it is very cozy and tiny. The interior was just absolutely darling. From the cute little benches and booths with seating pads to the fun white lights that wrap around the fun and artistic chalkboard. Barley Tea in a tin bowl! That's the way to do it. None of the small plastic water cups here (you know what I'm talking about). It was such a flavorful tea, and you can tell they didn't over infuse the tea as well. We had the spicy soft tofu seafood soup. It was to die for! Just the right spice and tang, and with all the great seafood treasures in that bowl, you can taste that seafood taste it has. We also got the sweet and spicy marinated pork which was also delicious and definitely one I'd recommend. Such a fun place. Can't wait to go back!
4	Great place..Not your typical korean bbq cause its not.its like a korean tapas place. ..definitely coming back for great food and the soju! Bimbimbap is good. the chicken wings appetizer is my fave.Open late is always a plus. will be back for sure
5	The best Korean restaurant (I mean barstaurant) in town. The ban chan are all so fresh. I know, it's ironic to say kimchi can be fresh since it's fermented but it's crispy and just the right amount of spicy and zest. Also had to try the sundubu and can honestly say the flavors were there. I usually go to Tofu Hut but now have a new go to place for tofu soup. The tofu was sooooo smooth it literally melted in my mouth and usually sundubu can be watered down because of the soft tofu disintegrates, but despite the softness, the tofu kept its shape and did not dilute the soup. Been wanting to come to this place for a year now and now kick myself for taking so long to actually make it. Service was also very gracious, as they took back a dish we thought was something else without a grumble.  It started getting busy and the gal handled almost all the tables. The guy could have been better, but more for her sake than ours as we were already almost done with our late dinner!
5	So I forgot to mention.. service here is also exceptional! This is the first Asian restaurant I go to where the servers treated EVERYONE equally regardless of gender and nationality.. They do not favorite Koreans first nor larger group parties (potential higher tipping groups) like most other Asian restaurants. Multiple servers will come to you periodically throughout your meal and ask for any service and constant refills. Great customer service!
4	SOYO and OYSHI, I believe, are owned by the same people. No, its not a coincidence that they're right next to each other and their signs look similar. But these restaurateurs do good work--I'm a fan of both!DATE ATMOSPHERE: Of all the Korean restaurants I've been to in Vegas, Soyo definitely has that 'cool factor' for a good date spot. The COOL part is in the booths on the back wall. They're constructed of wood and elevated off the ground. Very private and really gives the place this extra cool vibe. Lights are usually dimmed . And a blend of Top40 is playing that I approve of! Plus, you get to drink barley tea out of a copper tin bowl--offbeat ftw!PRICES:  Prices are a dollar or two higher than I would like, but hey! They're in a suburb area and super convenient. I don't have to drive to C-town to get some good Korean food if I have a craving!  Avg: $10-13 / entree.FOOD: I can't speak Korean. But I can read & understand all my food. My apologies in advance for my Konglish translations. I've tried a number of different things on the menu and they're all pretty good! I would definitely return. I can make 'Doenjang jjigae' (Soy Bean Paste Soup) at home and I have to say that Soyo's has a homemade flavor that I can appreciate. The' Yuk Gae Jang' (Spicy Soup w/ shredded beef, clear noodle, & veggie) could be a little spicier and more flavorful--but for people who can't handle their heat, this is a good thing. Pancakes are flavorful and crispy. But you really can't ruin fried food. One thing to try is the' Ddeokbokki'--rice cake sticks in a spicy sauce with veggies (get the seafood option if you like!) SWEET & SAVORY DELICIOUSNESS.PORTIONS: Soup servings are average and comparable to any other K eatery. But any other entree is HUGE. Even the "appetizer" stuff is pretty big. 1 entree/soup per person is more than enough. Be prepared to be absolutely stuffed if you order a 3rd dish to share. SERVICE: Polite & Prompt. Offered to refill side-dishes numerous times. Drinks were always topped off. And they didn't mind us hanging out to chill & talk after we were done eating.
4	I'm so glad I checked restaurants around me this late at night because I forgot this was right around the corner from my dads. Anyways, the dunnie and I stopped by, I've been here a couple times prior, wasn't solely impressed, but that was a year ago, and the boyfriend was craving spicy!I was also glad to see that they made a lot of changes to their menu, especially the "tapas" section. Which I wouldn't consider small apps at all. We ordered 5 items from that section and I swear the food panned out to be for more than 5 people! The server was great  but I wish he would've mentioned how great of a portion it was for each "tapas" dish.Moving on, as soon as we were sat, the server presented ice green tea, not to mention free refills!! So good! My korean palate consists of "yummy Korean" in Hawaii, and a few friends' mom's home plate, so this was quiet a treat. We ordered the fish cake soup.. Yum! Nice and light, accompanied with a side of soy chili sauce. Kimchi fried rice was so-so, I was excited to see it topped with a fried egg, unfortunately it was overcooked. Fried dumplings and fried chicken wings in a special sauce was simply delicious. And last but not least the seafood and veggies with noodles in spicy sauce...spicy! But sweet kind of spicy not that 'lingering I can't take another bite' spicy. In addition to our extravagant meal, the server allowed us to several complimentary small sides including kimchi, pickled raddish, fish cake, coleslaw, daikon, and mix of cucumber and carrots. Whew! I know ! But we barely ate half of everything , not a bad deal for $49.
3	Their food is pretty good overall but sometimes you get a waitress with a bad attitude .  However one of the best places in vegas.
3	Maybe I am a korean food snob lately but I was underwhelmed with this place.  We went here the other day with a larger group and ordered a ton of food.  Some of it was good, some of it was just so so.  The service was really bad though.  At the end of the meal we waited 45 minutes for anyone to acknowledge us being finished.  I am not joking about this time frame.  After everyone had finished, we waited a polite amount of time, trying to catch the eye of one of the servers and then we finally had to get up to ask for the bill.  Annoying.  At least offer us more drinks if you are going to make us sit there for 45 minutes.The food -  Probably the best food was the kimchi pancake and the seafood pancake.  They were delicious and the sauces they came with were yummy.  The bibimbap was good, nothing too special.  I ordered the spicy kimchi pork stew.  The flavor was good and spicy, but I found maybe one piece of something that could have been called pork.  It was ok, I'm still in search of a better korean place...I probably would not go back here.
3	Yummy Garlic Chicken Wings - crunchy with whole carmalized garlic bulbs - Oh so good- I don't ever like chicken wings - white chicken breast meat is the only chicken part that I enjoy - however, with not much on the menu that didn't scare off the BF - these wings were the way we went and I'm glad we did....The Kim Chee fried rice was a disappointment- too mushy and not to much flavor - the kim chee taste was there but maybe a dash of salt n pepper would've done the trick. Nice presentation though...The Dumplings were yummers as well - lightly fried good sized circle shaped dumplings filled with tasty chop chae (clear noodles,finely chopped carrots, onions,and I think spinach)All the Ban Chan were good especially the sesame seed flavored veggies.I wish we could pick all the Ban Chan before it comes cause I always feel obligated to eat them or pack it up to go so that nothing is wasted even though I may not like the taste of that particular Ban Chan.The complimentary Iced Barley tea was a nice touch but after tasting it we opted for water with lemon. Sorry the taste isn't for everybody....The inside is cute - an old time set up of an old T.V. with flowers and house shoes on top of the T.V. to look as if it were from your grandparents home. There is chalk writing on one wall and chairs hanging up on top of the booth seats.As we were leaving we noticed 2 real old video games as well.Most of the menu will be odd to most folks but it doesn't hurt to step out of your comfort zone every once in a while cause you never know what you might miss!!!
4	This place has a more hip, date-night atmosphere than any other Korean place I have been to in Vegas. It isn't the typical K barbecue either. The interior design is really quaint, with a kind of "village" feal.I like that they serve complimentary barley tea in tin bowls--a nice touchI really liked the beef bulgogi which was flavored just right. The sauce wasn't too thick, greasy, or loaded with sesame oil. The kimchi pancake was delicious with good consistency-not too mushy.The short ribs were awesome!The bibimbap was solid, but not the best menu itemAlthough, I am not sure why it is called a "barstaurant?" The actual bar area was tiny and the place is kid friendly (they even have a Neo-Geo arcade game set up). They do have a full bar though. The lychee soju was yummy!Make a reservation if you have a larger group because the place is kind of small.
1	Service was okay, at times you will have to wait quite awhile to get served when they are so understaffed. We liked the food at soyo, however, my husband and I both felt sick after eating at soyo multiple times. We ordered different dishes and came to conclusion that perhaps their side dishes were not stored/prepared properly. It's hard not go to Soyo when it's pretty much the only decent Korean restaurant on the west side of town, unfortunately we don't want to get sick again from eating there. We will probably stay away from Soyo for a long time.
4	We just moved to Vegas and so far this is our favorite Korean spot in the SW area.  Good food, cool atmosphere, and reasonable prices.  We usually get the same 2 male servers and they're great...can't say the same for the female servers though :(So, if you're craving for some korean food and want to have a good time, head out west to Soyo!
3	This is my 2nd time here and still disappointed at the Kimchi fried rice. It was just Kimchi and rice no meat in there making it just taste plan spicy. sighThe rib shorts was super lite on the flavor, the fried wings was nice and crispy. The little dashes that they give you is ok, had so much better little dashes else where.  The soup taste like spicy Kimchi juice with water =\ no special favor or touch to it.
3	Spicy barbecue pork was good served on a hot sizzling platter. Not many side dishes served with the meal, the only thing worthy was the kim chi..other plates were okay. Fair prices and service is good.
5	Their food is always fresh, their service is always awesome. This is a consistently great place to eat early or late. They have new beers and of course their soju is always tasty!
5	Was craving some bibimbap for lunch, so turned to my Yelpers for guidance.  I knew of a couple Korean places in the area, but this place came in at the top of the review filter.  I had wanted to stop by here in the evening and check out the bar portion of "barstaurant".  That will still happen, I'm sure.Great menu.  Nice selection of options, except for my colleague, who prefers chicken over beef.  No chicken on this menu!  I'm fine with that.The roasted barley water, was a nice refreshing palate cleanser.  The side dishes were wonderful.  I personally like my kimchi much spicier, but it was  good balance for those less masochistic eaters.  The bibimbap was awesome!  Lots of fresh veggies, and wonderfully tender marinated beef!  I was only slightly disappointed with the fried egg over medium.  I wonder if they would crack it raw into the pot, or do sunny side up.  I will definitely ask next time.  Cooking the yolk into my hot rice is my favorite part of the dish!I was a little surprised that there was only one other table occupied at lunch.  No complaints.  Was a very relaxing little lunch getaway.  The waitress was super friendly and helpful.  The atmosphere is hip and the little touches like small tin bowls for your drink, and a trash canister on the table, set it apart just enough to make it a memorable experience.I'm looking forward to a happy hour or dinner time visit, with a larger party.  I love the social dining experience of Korean eateries!
4	I am slowly making it through my bookmarks of restaurants to visit. It also helps that my wonderful boyfriend is very open minded about trying every sort of food out there.  Our most recent visit was to Soyo, and I must say I was definitely not disappointed. We arrived right before 7pm and unfortunately all of the booths were taken, but there was still plenty of large comfortable seating available. It was steady, but by no means busy until after we were finishing our meal -- then it started to get packed. We enjoyed the ambiance as well as the design. I must admit I was a bit thrown off by the "barstaurant" portion in the name, as the actual bar was exceedingly tiny? In any case..The service was attentive and quick. You start off with a bottle of complementary  and refreshing barley tea to be consumed out of tin bowls. Very interesting touch, but I can see how it may throw off some diners who are not as experienced or well versed in other cultures, customs or cuisines. But then again, you have a bottle of tea and two tins in front of you. It certainly didn't require our engineering and economics degrees to put two and two together! I must admit that we did not experiment with the menu as much as I was hoping to because we were starving. So we opted for the safe choices: fried wings in special sauce (sauce was heavy and not particularly unique, but enjoyable), spicy pork ribs (they were actually spicy which was a welcome surprise), and korean bbq beef (pretty difficult to mess up this dish, but the meat portion was generous with very little fat). The entree came with a side of steamed rice, and several sides dishes. I enjoy kimchi and this one was very good, but I am used to a bit more spice.Everything was very tasty and the prices more than reasonable for the amount of food  you will get. Next time I would like to explore the menu a bit more and pick foods unfamiliar to me.
5	A wonderful dining experience for the novice Korean cuisine diner (like me) and everyone else. Family-friendly in the early evening but strictly no minors allowed after 11pm.The decor is an ethnic motif, from the sizzling marble bowls straight out of the oven serving the specialty entrees to the furniture which features an authentic Korean-brand antique television, bookcase,  and rustic picnic-bench style seating with a good selection of popular Korean dance/club?Top 40 music playing at a comfortable level.The real value here is the entrees accompanied by side dishes including kim chee, Korean-style cole slaw, and other superb treats.Fat Tire on tap, and Soju galore...and great people trying hard to be the best business the can be. Reasonable price. Barley Tea is a must-try with an open mind...totally addicting....
5	Out of all the Korean food that I have tasted so far, Soyo has the best. Their bulgogi is the best!!! I love their atmosphere as well. The people are extremely friendly and the pricing is not the bad. This place is definitely five stars.
5	I decided to take my parents to have Korean food cuz they have never had it before (except on Korean Air, which you all know, it's bad). And not sure if my parents will want to go to Tofu Hut (the place I usually go), I researched about Korean places on Yelp, I found Soyo :) Even though this place is all the way across town, I'm glad I took the advice and came here. The service was good, one of the girls was really nice and always have a smile on her face. We ordered the bibimbap, marinated pork, deep fried chicken, and tofu hot pot. I liked all of them and they all tasted delicious :) I love how the foods are all sizziling when they come to the table. Even my dad, who is a picky eater, liked the food too, so this place certainly deserve a 5 star, it's hard to find a place that he likes :pI also like the decoration of this place and will definitely be back for dinner or late night snack :) Good that this place is not right next to my house, or I will be eating out too often :p
4	Yum!  I FINALLY got to try this place last week for a super late night dinner.1 star = They're open late.  So if you're craving Korean after 9pm, go to Soyo!  They even have a full bar.  So you can even get your drink on too.  Remember, 21 and over at night time!2 stars = cheap prices.  Unbelievable and unbeatable prices!3 stars =  for all the kim chee and side goodies they pass out on top of your meal!4 stars = for their hot stone Bibimbab.  My rice was crispy,  my egg was runny but had crispy edges, and there was lot of veggies in the dish.  I wish there was more meat though.  Yum!  I was definitely satisifed.I have yet to try other dishes here.  I'll definitely be back!Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (62/365).
4	I came to this place a few times with friends,and it feels me that it's a litlle be expansive for the quality of food they serve in here.The thing that really make sense are the drinks,yogurt soju is pretty tasty~!The servic was nice too.I gonna go back~
4	When I started Yelping a few months ago, I've always designated Sundays as my Yelp days.  Today, I called a good friend to join me for dinner at a place I've never tried before but heard some great stuff about.  Turns out that my friend has been here many times and loves it, so I had to try Soyo!First off, I LOVE the ambiance.  This "barstraunt" is a little small, but boasts a lot of personality.  There's Korean lettering, wooden tables with mats to sit on, small little cabana-booths to eat in, disguised as a Korean house with windows.  There was an array of awesome Korean genres playing.  I couldn't understand the words, but the music was lovely.This is a great place to do Korean date night!  There was two female servers and a male server working.  The female servers were super sweet and remembered my friend which I appreciated.  The male server was kind of impatient and wasn't really helpful. When you sit down,you are greeted with a cold barley drink at your table.  It's refreshing and tastes great throughout the meal.  They even serve it in small tin bowls which was new to me but added greatly to the overall experience.  I really appreciate them bringing us more as we needed.  We decided to get the garlic chicken and the grilled mackerel.  Those two dishes and a salad came out to about $30 total.  Honestly, the price is a little higher than other Korean joints, but I think it pays for the ambiance as well.  The garlic chicken was great!  The flavor was perfect.  It was served with chunks of garlic.  Not too crazy about it being on the bone, though, I'd prefer boneless.  The highlight of my meal however, was the grilled mackerel.  It was juicy and fell off the bones of the fish.  The grilled meat was super flavorful and reminded me of the yellow tail collar bone I often times get at sushi restaurants. Served with a tangy dipping soy sauce and you got an AH-MAZE-ING dish!  Highly recommended. Like other Korean restaurants, they bring out an assortment of side dishes to accompany your meal.  I loved the pickled radishes and kim chee.  All in all, I would say that I had a great time there.  I will be back again with a bigger group and for a later dinner.  This place is trendy and great for hipsters looking for a food joint off the strip on the southwest side of town.  Be sure to check this place out if you're ever in that area.  You will love it!
2	We just tried kyochon chicken in LA and it left us craving for more here in Vegas, unfortunately they do not have one here so we decided to look for a place that offered Korean chicken wings. I decided on Soyo after reading the reviews and seeing that it was 4 stars. Overall the experience itself was not horrible, but the food was not up to par for my palate. We ordered the 2 kinds of chicken wings, the garlic and the special one. The chicken had a slight stenchy after taste that chicken gives off if not properly handled (my nose is super sensitive), the taste ok, nothing really to rave about. Also FYI the side orders are not included when you order only "tapas" (appetizers) re: chicken wings, but if you must have them it is $3 more. I then decided to order my favorite bibimbap, unlike many though I prefer mine cold and not in a stone pot, which I had requested them to do. The bibimbap was a disappointment as well, I mean I never would've thunk that they put lettuce in this dish? And the meat was ground meat, and a handful of nori which made my dish smell fishy, I doused it with hot sauce and it still lacked in flavor. Unappetizing. Well at least I got my $3 side dishes which I spent $10 for (the cost of bibimbap) but alas that too was blah... The kimchi unsavory, the only thing i like was the glass noodles with mayo and broccoli, the rest I did not even bother trying, some black beans, and radish dish. The only salvation for this meal was the free iced barley tea drink and the pickled radish that came with the wings.  Now maybe it's not really fair to judge this place based on just these three dishes, but if you ask me WILL I RECOMMEND THIS PLACE? I would say NO. WILL I COME BACK? That is a NO as well.... Unless somebody else drags me there and pays for it. But aside from the food though...I really did love the ambiance, even their outdoor patio setting, really reminded me of Korean drama series, I mean it probably is a great place to hang out and get wasted, maybe then you can't really tell how bad the food is.
3	Went here last night.  The food is the same good quality but the service was disappointing.  They were severely understaffed and at full capacity. It took about 10-15 minutes to take our order, plates were cleared at a slow rate, and we had to flag down staff for drink refills.
5	This restaurant is included in the "Eating Las Vegas" The 50 Essential Restaurants" dining guide.  We started off with an order of fried dumplings with special sauce that were filled with fresh and delicious ingredients.  We also shared orders of Dolsoi bimimbap and very spicy grilled chicken with mozzarella on the top.  The former is a popular Korean dish of stir fried vegetables, beef and egg on rice served in a very hot stone pot that serves to caramelize the rice.  Both dishes were very good, but the chicken with mozzarella will bring us back.  We also received 6 banchans (small side dishes): kimchi, daikon, sweet daikon, a seaweed type concoction with cream cheese, greens and some form of noodle dish.  A rating of 4.5 is most appropriate.
5	In my opinion, the best Korean place in Vegas. Yes I said it, the BEST!! But that's not saying much because most Korean places, maybe all Korean places, pretty much suck the big one in Vegas. Honestly, you guys can take me to ANY Korean restaurant in Vegas and then feed you my mom's home cooking and hands down you'll pick my mom's cooking. I digress, soyo is very good. I like the atmosphere in this cozy place. The service is good. Waiters and waitresses are very attentive and come around often (maybe I get better service because I'm Korean and speak to them in Korean). Keep in mind this is a barstaurant and not a restaurant. So there is music playing and an upbeat atmosphere. On to my favorite part, the food and drink =)I love the flying saucer / UFO shaped mandoo, only place I've seen do this. This allows for mandoo with tons of filling, but it can be a little difficult to eat. the Kal bi and Kal bi jjim (stewed/braised Kal bi) are both very delicious. Bul gogi comes in a hot pot with various accoutrement, very delicious. Slup up the broth as well. The chicken wings are saucy and sticky delicious. The scallion pancake here is very tasty as well (better than china mama if you ask me). The soft tofu soup is a bowl of deliciousness. I need to stop because I can go on and on. To wrap things up, the food here is done well. Everything is well seasoned and full of flavor. Also, I was reading las Vegas seven magazine and one of the top chefs in Vegas frequents soyo. So that's got to be some kind of street cred right there. =) Go go go and eat at soyo!! Tell me how much you liked it. If you didn't like it, I'll punch you in the face!! Hahaha jk jk!! And if anyone wants to go, give me a holler!!!
4	Nice restaurant with a Bar-ish feel. I love all the booths along the wall. Great tofu soup.I also ordered the kimchi pancake which was too greasy!! All in all it was good and I will come back.
5	Another favorite Korean restaurant.. They have really awesome Kalbi and their Kimchi fried rice is a must! I love the atmosphere and how you drink out of dog bowls for your ice tea.. staff is pretty friendly. They do get busy so I suggest calling ahead to see how long their wait is. I highly recommend this place, They are also serving korean beer, i personally havent tried it but from what i here from my freinds is awesome! Try Now! Prices are pretty cheap and i must warn you will smell like Korean BBQ after you leave the place.
5	i love this authentic korean barstaurant! the right size, low light barstaurant was DELICIOUS!  the food and service was GREAT! not knowing what to expect but the awesome reviews a bunch my friends have told me. We ordered 3 things and we're surprise how filling the portions were. Pork cutlet, grilled mackerel, and garlic fried chicken. can't say too much about the bbq flavored pork cutlet and veggies.. but my oh my the grilled mackerel was heavenly. it compares to the black cod at ichiza but bigger portion for the same price!  and garlic fried chicken was equally delicious. these chicken pieces were huge and crunchy! it is definitely a must try! with just these 3 items, youre definitely going to need a take home box. can't wait to come back and taste their SOJU! =)
5	You can enjoy great food and drinks with good music. Different flavor sojus and variety of rice beverages. They are open late so that's also a plus. You'll love this place. You won't regret it.
3	The fried rice cake in special sauce was quite yummy. The spicy pork ribs would have been great but they were so overcooked and dry. The beef intestine noodle soup had nice flavor but felt really grainy like It was full of sand. Nice environment and cool booths.
2	Mackerel is not fresh. Could be good, but fish was rubbery and lacked flavor. Not sure which is tastier, a piece of rubber or the fish. I don't even know how they could feel comfortable serving it.Also ordered tofu and vegetable soup. Very delicious, but there were only 4 small pieces of tofu! The rest of it was very cheap and carby vegetables. The soup base was delicious though.Service is good, but the food is overpriced for the quality.
4	For the past 5 months I literally go there for the fried chicken with special sauce. Pretty much all I have to say.
5	I really like this Korean restaurant! The decor of the restaurant is special, with old Korean comic book on the shelf and there's some booth that for people who prefer a little more privacy. Service is great and I like the cold barley tea they served!! Instead of giving you a cup, they give you like a tin bowl, just like how ancient Koreans people drink! Food is reasonably priced, cheaper than most Korean restaurants in Chinatown like djk or mothers grill.  My favorite is seafood tofu soup which is only $8:) Their side dishes are great too. I like their Potato salad and chapjae. Our server refilled our side dishes as soon as we got done with ours!! My boyfriend ordered Bibimbap and the stone bowl is hot :) love the rice at the bottom. Good service and good food! Will be back for sure :-)
3	Soyo is like a little replica of all the barstaurants in K-town in LA. The restaurant is comprised of a couple cute semi-private booths, a few small tables and now an outside covered patio area. If you come here on a weekend night expect to wait a long time. To be honest the food for me is not all that great but what they lack in taste they make up for in atmosphere. There's always a fun hip vibe complete with loud KPOP music.. This place definitely caters to the under 40 crowd. Although after a certain time I do believe you have to be 21.  They have lots of beer including one of my faves, Purple Haze! Soju, flavored soju, cocktails are also on the drink menu and they even do bottle service HAHA i think you can buy a bottle of crown for under $70.  As for food I always get one of the casseroles. Perfect for sharing. It's like a big hot pot that comes on it's own little stove. I like the "gamjatang," potato & pork bone stew, the best. One thing I would watch out for is the parking lot. On one occasion my friend's car got hit. Now I don't know if it's all the Korean people JUST KEEDING or the drinking but you definitely should be on the defense and make sure there are no crazy drivers around!Hot Tip: Be sure to offer your servers a shot of your soju, they will return the favor by hooking it up with some more yummy banchan~
4	Now this was unexpected. Good Korean food at cheaper prices than in Los Angeles. In Las Vegas. It's a pretty small joint, but the food and flavors are authentic. The workers are all young, but fairly courteous and not at all like the little punks in the Koreatown, Los Angeles scene. Small selection of beers beyond the usual Korean choices, but that's better than most Korean spots. One of the workers was kind of cute too. She looked a little high, but hey, that's fine with me.
4	A "barstraunt"? I don't think I've heard of that term before. Regardless, Soyo still is a great restaurant.Noise level in Soyo is pretty high, being that there is k-pop blaring in your ears nonstop. Soyo seems to be for the "young" and "hip" crowd, being that there was no one over the age of 25 in there. You first receive some tiny tin bowls to drink their bori-cha (barley tea). It keeps the bori-cha cold and on a hot Vegas night, this is good. I have to admit, the dolsot-bibimbap here is spot on. The pot was hot, there were a variety of toppings, and it was good. I tried the sullung-tang on a seperate occasion, and it was decent. The seafood casserole was also flavorful. However, the banchan was a bit flat. Being someone that has eaten their grandma's own banchan for almost 14 straight years now, I know what is good and what is bad. Other than that, Soyo is great.
4	Reminds me of my mom's home cooked meals. I love the atmosphere of the barstaurant. The staff is very friendly and they bring you more side dishes if you eat them all :) I love the prices too. If you go there you must try the appitizer the pork belly with the oyster, cabbage wrap, it is amazing good and the steamed kalibi the meat is so tender it comes off the bone
5	The atmosphere in Soyo felt modern-industrial, but the food is comfort and classic.  First, at the table you are greated with a pitcher of the iced barley tea.  I haven't had this before, and I am smitten.  Before I tasted it, I got a whiff of aroma somewhere between chocolate and coffee... I thought that there was no way that this could come from the light colored liquid in front of me, but it did.  The tea tasted like toasted grains with a subtle coffee-like flavor.  I need to learn to make this!  The friend I went with was psyched about one of the sides including a potato salad.  That was not an option this night, but it was replaced by a seaweed salad with similar creamy seasoning... I could eat this for breakfast, delicious!  We ordered the bulgogi, friend rice with smelt egg, and kimchee pancake (after seeing several mentions in reviews, I couldn't resist).  $27 total for the meal and both of us had a meals worth of leftovers, winner!The bulgogi was fantastic.  The broth was subtle yet complex, beef was tender, the veggies were crisp, and I love the addition of enoki mushrooms.  I'm still warming up to the flavor of kimchee, but paired with a bit of the beef, and I'm smitten.  Plus, who doesn't love a hot pot?The fried rice smelt egg was more complex than I expected with an assortment of grains and crisp veggies to mix in (some pickled roots, some fresh - like chopped cucumber and carrot), it too was served in a hot pot so we got to fight over the delicious crispy rice crust on the bottom of the pot.the kimchi pancake was "delightful", as my friend said. I didn't know what to expect here, but I loved the chewy rice flour holding it together.  It wasn't too kimchi-ey (it didn't feel like a mouthful of ferment), and the subtle dipping sauce served with it really brings out the flavors, and compliments it nicely.
5	I loved the atmosphere and the contemporary versions of the korean dishes i love. They do good bibimbop and bugogi in stone pots. The server was excellent in helping us choose different dishes that we have never tried and also with describing what we would order. They also have a good selection of drinks from the bar. Nice atmosphere to have fun with a group of people and not a big restuarant at all!
4	My wife and I chose this restaurant due to seeing that it's always busy. That usually means its a good place to try. We found that it was a good place, authentic as we could tell with many types of Korean dishes. The spareribs were the bomb and the garlic chicken wings even better! Our server made recommendations for us as we were not sure what to try, they were very kind and helpful.If you're in the mood for something off the beaten path this is a great place to try.
3	Sweet and Spicy pork was good but overall food was average (Korean beef was like what I have had so many times before and the squid was over-cooked too chewy)... Good music and atmosphere though!
3	Super excited to try Soyo...walked in great energy. Got sat and got a complementary iced tea.....nice touch. Place was full of energy. Great music. Started with garlic squid....it arrived in foil ball...cool presentation and that was it. Over cooked and rubbery :-( I love squid and octopus so I was bummed. Next we had short rib dish and it was average. Kimchi was nice touch. Finally we had sweet and spicy pork....it was great! Overall it was a decent experience but the execution needed work. Next time for late night dining I'm going to their sister restaurant next door...oyishi for sushi.
4	ARGUABLY the best Korean restaurant in Las Vegas.Inside Soyo is a very unusual atmosphere that makes it unpredictable to determine if you're there for Korean food. It's not small nor big, making it easier for service to be fulfilled. And in my opinion, amongst all Korean restaurants, Soyo has done the best job thus far in service. There's a very "industrialized" sort of feeling inside the restaurant. For one, the tables and chairs (especially the booths), are what you see from old times in South Korea during an industrialization period. Worn out and wooden chairs with cement-like tables. I mean, it may not sound appealing, but it's a lot more unique than I describe it.Most dishes here are like tapas. Personally, I don't like tapas because I like to eat big. My favorite has always been the "boo-dae-ji-gae," which is like a spicy & meaty ramen served in a large pot on a stove right in front of you. You can never really go wrong with that. And get a couple bottles of Soju and your night is good to go. Other than that, Soyo has virtually all Korean dishes that you can think of in small servings of tapas.Not only is Soyo a great place to eat, but a great place to drink. Not necessarily for big groups, unless you sit outside, but they have the best service. And they have your standard selection of alcohol plus more.
5	Amazing Soyo, you gotta try it!
3	I came here because of the good Yelp reviews.  My initial impression was good.  It was decorated for Halloween and has a cool vibe.  The have a few booths on the far wall which kind offered a bit of privacy.  We started with the dumplings which were large and had a nice sear on them.  The problem for me was the filling.  I am not a fan of onions and they were full of them.  Speaking of onions, we ordered the corn with cheese.  I expected corn and cheese, but not tons of onions.  The corn was sweet and I would have enjoyed it without the onions.  We finished with the bibambap.  It was large and not bad, but I would liked to have had an uncooked egg instead of a fully cooked one inside.The food was ok, but the service sucked.  It is not a large place...come around once in a while and check on your guests.
4	Good Korean food that won't kill your wallet! Vibe is nice here with the Kpop playing in the background. Service is spotty. Some nights its good and some nights its bad but whatevers man! The food is good!
4	My friend and I went searching for a good Korean spot and this place came up during our search.  I can say that our Yelp search did not lead us wrong. I liked the decor of the restaurant, we sat in a booth and it was very comfortable. Here is rundown of what we tried.Spicy soup with shredded beef - Very good, the broth was spicy but not overpowering. The noodles were similar to ramen and there was plenty of other goodies in the soup.Kalbi Ribs - Some of the best I have had. The sauce was very good and the ribs were not fatty at all. The serving size was also large, which was a nice surprise.Seafood Pancake - Not bad, probably would try other things on the menu before ordering this again. The pancake was ok, it was huge and served on a cast iron pan so it stayed warm. However, the I thought the flavor was a little bland even with the sauce that is served on the side.
5	Fantastic food, eat there frequently, very good service, my wife and I enjoy Soyo evdrytime we go
4	Great korean food, unique contemporary menu at a very reasonable price!  They have this great beer - Morimoto soba - a must try if you like dry but fruity beer.
4	My friend and I went to check Soyo out last week after he saw it on Yelp. I had only tried Korean BBQ once before, so I was really looking forward to checking it out. We ordered the Kalbi ribs, spicy shredded beef soup and seafood pancake. I really wanted to try only items I hadn't tried before, but I couldn't resist ordering the ribs. I'm so glad I did!  The ribs were tender and delicious! Just check out my picture... they're beautiful.  The spicy shredded beef soup was also really good. The perfect amount of spice. My friend loved it! The seafood pancake was huge. It had great flavor, but it wasn't my favorite menu item. I would definitely go back to try more of their food.  I ordered their peach cocktail soju as my drink. It was way more than I expected and it was delicious! You get a very generous amount for price. Let me tell you, I was feeling it after a couple of glasses!The service was very slow at the end of our meal. I feel like we waited about 20 minutes for waiter to come to our table to give us our check. Other than that, it was a wonderful dinner.
5	I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the food went well. Fun place to hang out and grab some drinks.
4	Edgy, modern and hip barstaurant in the Southwest side of Vegas. Food is good and they gave you lots of side dishes, i think it is called Banchan. Food is good and reasonably priced. The kalbi is to die for, u just gotta try it. My husband and I went there and paid about $60 but came out of the place really full. Not bad at all, if you love Korean food, this is the place to be!
1	HATE  The server who took our order forgot to place it. After I checked on the status 30min later, he still didn't rectify his mistake. I had to ask another server to check on it so it could be ordered an hour later! To make matters worse, when I was paying for my check, the first server charged someone else's tab to my card!DISLIKE  We never got checked on after we received our drinks while we waited for the food the first time around.LIKE  The setup. The food. Open late.LOVE  Nothing.
4	A cute and cozy Korean bar-restaurant on the southwest side of town.We had kimchi pancake which was delicious.  Also had the Dolsot Bibimbap and i loved it. My bf had the Seafood Casserole which was very flavorful. I also loved their side dishes especially the potato salad. Definitely we will be back since this is just close to my house and work.
5	Very cute and delicious place especially if you are looking to grab a late night bite. I have been here several times and have yet to have a bad experience. The iced barley tea has a wonderful toasty flavor and inspired me to purchase some for my home. It is especially nice in the hot summer. Although I do feel like I am drinking out of a dog bowl.The fried dumplings come out nice and hot with a dipping sauce that complements their flavor. The Dolsot Bibimbap is great with the bowl that adds a nice crispiness to the rice. I am not a huge fan of the sweet chili rice cakes. They were a bit too sweet for my liking but the budae jjigae is delicious. When ever I go here I leave with leftovers. I recommend taking people you do not mind sharing with.Just as a warning, you can ask them to make the spicy grilled chicken with mozzarella as spicy as they can and they do not hold back... I have a pretty good tolerance for spice and wow. My eyes were immediately watering with just one bite and it was one of those burns that just gets stronger. I am not the one who ordered it but the person who did saw it as a challenge and did complete the dish. However he did say it was the spiciest thing he has ever eaten.
5	this is as close as it gets to having similar type of food in korea. the only better thing soyo has is that its way cleaner and doesnt have completely trashed people flopping around on the walls and floor like a similar restaurant in the college districts would.the grilled mackerel is usually cooked just right. few times was eh. but not many places in town give you a whole mackerel for that price. they change up the side dishes often and they taste good. a lot of korean restaurants in vegas suck because their side dishes arent that good. even my parents enjoy eating here.the employees are always courteous and cute (only the girls are cute). if youre into cocktail soju they have a few different flavors. but i hate soju, so i dont get any of them. i usually drink purple haze.i tolerate the k-pop...
4	While both the food and atmosphere are spot on for a Korean "Barstaurant", the service is the only thing really that needs to be knocked here. Relatively understaffed, it feels like it can be a chore to get the attention of one of the waiters. It's always difficult to be harsh on a staff that's working hard but just doesn't have enough manpower, but they need probably one more worker during busier hours to handle the place.The food here is authentically flavored. Their kimchi fried rice(7$) is very good, as is their dolsot bibimbap(10$) and kimchi pancake. Additionally, their dumplings are a little unique but very tasty. I also had their rabokki($10) (spicy rice cakes with ramen noodles) and the dish was unbelievably large, but too spicy for me, which is pretty rare!The beer prices are low at 13 dollars for a pitcher, and the small cups leads to idiocy like chugging races. They also have flavored soju, but I haven't managed to try those yet.A mix of Korean k-pop and mainstream American pop plays on their system, though it was a little louder than I prefer. Don't come here for a quiet, formal meal, that's for sure.
3	I had to update my review based on my last experience at Soyo. Soyo is a nice spot for food and nightlife. It really is, to me, a different type of "going out" in Las Vegas because you can come here, drink, eat, and listen to Asian pop music. Plus the atmosphere is lively and loud. Food is pretty good, although on my last visit I wasn't terribly impressed with what I ordered. Unfortunately for me when I go to places like this my food is either hit or miss. This time, it was a miss.For the food - we shared an order of friend dumplings, and of course, the array of appetizers. For me, the fried dumplings were the best thing I ate that night. My main meal was the short ribs in the soup with noodles and what I can only guess some sort of radish. My friends concurred to it being a radish-like vegetable. I was disappointed in the dish. It lacked depth and flavor. It was also quite boring looking. The meat was SO very sinewy I could barely eat it - but I was starving, so I did. The only GOOD meat was to be found on the bones, which I attacked and ate after I had slurped up all the noodles. I was wanting my friend's Dol sot bi bim bap.In the future, if I return, which is questionable I think I'll stick to the bim bap and chicken wings (which we also didn't get and I wish we had!). As for the biggest offense during the night - our terribly poor service. I can expect slow service, but this was like a glacier moving through the Arctic slow. It didn't take long for our food to come out, but after we were done eating (and our plates had not been cleared by the way) we waited, and waited, and waited. It was pretty obvious we were done. Eventually one of my friends flagged down a server. THEN she had to flag down ANOTHER server. Two servers to get our bill. With all being said and done, my rating must be down-graded. Perhaps they can recover some stars in the future. It is not a bad place, just this experience left me desiring better service and better food.
2	My wife is Korean and found this place for us. Based on Korean blogs and reviews on here, it sounded like a great place.My wife and I had great food, unfortunately I can't give 5 stars based only on the food. The service was terrible. I have never been so upset from poor service and I felt like more people should be prepared for this.We barely saw our server and as the place started filling up, we noticed them seating people outside who probably would have preferred indoors (late December). We had chosen a booth which was big enough for at least 4 people, because the place was less than half full when we got there. Needless to say we felt bad for the people waiting. We were ready to go but had to wait, while people waiting to be seated looked confused and upset. I'm not saying anyone should rush to give up their seat, but we waited over 15 minutes for the check. Eventually my wife asked a different server for the check which arrived soon after, however, it sat on the table for at least another 5 minutes until I walked it over to their register and paid it. It seemed like the the servers were very disorganized and were covering a lot of the same tables. I'm not a manager but I would say something needs to change.
3	I came here with my in laws after a long day of driving to and from the Grand Canyon. We were in serious need of some good food by the time we got back to Las Vegas and we wanted to get our korean food on. We came before it turned into a "bar" so I don't really know how the "bar scene" is here. We ordered soondubu and kam ja tang. The food itself was ok. Not really anything that stood out. The soondubu's broth was good but was there wasn't much seafood in it at all. I didn't get to tasted the kam ja tang because I filled up on the soon dubu but my husband and his parents said it was ok.All in all, it was an ok place. But nothing that I would rave about. Service was good. No major problems, but I would probably try something else when we crave korean food around vegas.
4	I really like this place. They call themselves a Korean Barstaurant, and that's pretty accurate. Has the nice cafe feel of one you would find in Korea. Their menu is pretty simple compared to the majority of Korean restaurants around town, but they add a tapas twist to their menu which makes it unique. Their dishes are delicious but unique, so don't expect the typical Korean barbeque when you go here, but something different. It sounds simple, but try their cheesy corn, one of my favorites. Service is a bit slow hence the 4 stars.
3	Went out here with some friends on Sunday night, right when you walk in it is a little small, but they do have an outdoor section where it is heated. The menu is fairly large with lots of selections. We all ordered different things but the portions are large! So be careful many items on a small table can make it difficult to eat! BUT- I enjoyed the food, tea gets served in a metal dish container. The food is heavy on the saucy side. The service could have been better.
4	Soyo serves up some of the better Korean food in the area.  They are good with what they do and that's creating excellent higher than average quality Korean food in a good bar restaurant environment. They have your usual Korean dishes with some being misses for me. Highly recommend their delicious spicy wings my fave, spicy enough to make me sweat a little, crispy enough to my liking borderline burnt/extra crispy. I didn't like the very spicy chicken with cheese melted on, it wasn't spicy at all and not so great even if it wasn't spicy, they might have messed up the order. The bibimbap was ok but didn't stand out. The Kalbi was good and so were they're soups. Prices are higher than I'd expected.When you come in you'll notice that they aren't huge so you might expect to wait on busy nights/days.  They have booths built like a cubby hole or a little home and there's some patio space.They are open pretty late into the AMs which is awesome and perfectly located for the SW people.  There are still people eating late so you don't have worry about eating alone or holding up the kitchen.
5	Excellent quality and ambiance, great for families or late night drinking. I really enjoy how Soyo is the closest thing in Las Vegas to an urban restaurant found scattered in Korea. The greyish walls with accents of wood furniture around the dining room puts a nice interior touch.I had the Bu-dae soup which is a spicy combination of veggies, meat and noodles. It's a great dish for sharing and even better with a serving of soju or makguli (rice wine). The cheese donkatsu is also a signature dish that's great for late-night munching. All while the prices are very reasonable ranging from $8 for a single dish or $24 for a soup/jeungol order fit for sharing. I finished off with a papingsu dessert which is shaved ice with red beans layered with a few scoops of ice cream. Fantastic meal all around.I enjoy the attention to detail with the little things like having an outside patio with a pitched tent, it just screams nostalgia for me. Bring some pocket change because they got some great arcade games too, decent ones like Metal Slug! That is freakin' awesome.
4	Went here for the first time with Anthony M and Tien the other day. Gotta say, I am not used to authentic Korean establishments. Having said that, this place is pretty awesome.It's a little brighter than I feel it should be. The booths provide intimacy, not that intimacy was needed for me, Anthony and Tien. Just saying, if you're in a date type of scenario, the privacy would be welcomed. But the high walls also have a drawback in my book. It's a bitznitch to flag down a server for any assistance if you aren't sitting at the edge of the booths. And you do have to flag down the staff if you want anything here. The guys tell me that might be typical of Korean culture. So maybe they get a pass for that here? The high walls also prevent you from enjoying the view to take in the ambience. I do want to check out the outdoor patio sometime though. It is actually enclosed at the moment, not sure if they do that during warmer months or not. The food was good. I enjoyed their beef short ribs, the Korean chicken, and a few bites of the other random things that were ordered. Tien ordered a warm soup I think, and they brought him a totally different cold anchovy soup. He just accepted it and ate it anyway. Though I think he wasn't a big fan. Anyway, this place was pretty cool and I'd return. It's far from a 'Home run! Must become a regular.' type of scenario for me, but still a solid 'Will return again.'. Oh and there was a random mix of music from K-Pop to Timbaland so that was fun.
4	I dined here the other day and it was a unique experience. The restaurant from the outside is nothing like the decor on the inside. The decor itself surprised me because it's a very oriental theme setting. It's a very nice change from the modern "vegas" setting theme restaurants. Soyo Korean Barstaurant's decor reminds me of the theme restaurants they have in China. They had high wall booths which created a sense of intimacy but I could still here the people sitting behind be talking. The wall decor to the cups we used to drink caught my attention and made them stick out. They served barley tea instead of water with thin tin bowls as cups. It was great to try but we requested water shortly after. I didn't like the tea and I am a heavy tea drinker. We ordered the Kalbi plate as well as the Spicy Beef Tofu Soup. The food came out quickly after we ordered. The Spicy Beef Tofu Soup had great flavor and the Kalbi was cooked well done, like we asked. My overall first time experience was great.We ordered the Yogurt Cocktail Soju. It was a little stronger than what I've had before but it was good. It was only $12 for a large size of Soju. I also noticed the beers for only $3.50 a pint and $13 a pitcher which I thought was a great price!The only aspect of holding me back on rating this place a 5 star, is the language barrier I had with our waiter. The waiter spoke enough english to take our order but not to explain clearly some of the items on the menu we had questions about. It was hard to understand what he was saying even though he was trying to pronounce his words slower. Communication was a little difficult through out our time at dining here.
4	I have ordered a couple things off the menu that were okay, but the only thing i go here for is the tofu soup.  I really think they have the best tofu soup and at a reasonble price.  They have pretty good side dishes and great iced barley tea.  All that combined with my tofu soup...i am one happy camper.
4	After Earl and I volunteered at Opportunity Village, we decided to head over to Soyo for a late dinner since Earl had never tried it before.  When we arrived, we seated ourselves immediately.  After 10 minutes, were were given tea and the menu.  After two minutes of perusing the menu, the server came by to see if we were ready to order.  We asked for more time since Earl hasn't even read through the first page.  Finally, we were ready to order.  We had the following:-Korean blood Sausage:  Server asked, "you know it is blood sausage?"  Earl said "yeah." Anyways, Earl loved it.  He would give this a 5 star by itself.-Kim chi soup: eh.-Yuk Gae Jang: this spicy beef soup with veggies, shredded beef, egg, and noodles hits the spot.  We both agreed that this is a clear winner against the kim chi soup that Earl ordered.Shortly after we received our food, 5 different servers came by our table to see if we need anything else, within 3-5 minutes apart.  But when it was time for us to try to get the bill, we had to flag at least of them down.Food is pretty good, service is a bit inconsistent.  Whether they give you all the attention, or very minimal.  I remembered the service was super awesome 2 years ago when I visited Soyo...Regardless, we will return.
4	This is probably the restaurant I've frequented the most since moving to Vegas. I've been trying to sample a few more dishes - all of them have been great so far. I've had omelette rice (omu-rice) and had spam added to it (that's how my momma makes it!). We also tried the cheese corn which was delicious as well.I also tried one of the "casseroles" - the name escapes me for the most part but it was basically like a kimchi flavored stew with ramen noodles, spam, sausage, and a few other things. This one would need to be shared by at least two people.Last but not least, I tried their Galbi-tang which was really tasty though had less meat than I'd probably like. But typically Galbi-tang is quite expensive because of how long it takes to cook, but this one was just $15 and really did hit the spot for flavor.The same knocks apply - service here is not the best. They definitely try their best best but they still have problems keeping up when it is busy. Also, my friend gets the same thing every time - bibimbap with extra vegetables, and usually they charge $3 for the extra vegetables and this time it sad $5, which they did fix for us but was still a bit of a hassle that shouldn't happen.
4	my friend and I decided to eat here because of the four star on Yelp. and it worths it. my friend ordered beef short ribs and kimchi fried rice. beef short ribs was really tasteful and tender. kimchi fried rice was better than other places i tried before. I ordered bi bim guk su, which was just ok. I really hope it could be yummy because it is my favorite korean food. I was sorry for this part, otherwise, I will give five stars.
4	pretty good korean food. i had the spicy tofu soup and it was pretty tasty.. one of the only places to actually sell kimchi pancakes so that was definitely a plus. my friend got the short ribs so those tasted pretty good as well. the place itself is very cute as far as the interior design and they had kpop as well as current popular songs playing loudly. super nice would definitely go again!
4	I was really nervous to try a new Korean restaurant and the only reason I finally decided to go was based on its close proximity to home. Naturally, I have high expectations and I'm pleased to say that I enjoyed it! So, the meal had its highs and lows and when I compare it with other Korean restaurants, it was better (and worse) in different ways. First, the service was much better than I've experienced in most Korean restaurants. Definite plus. I love the cold tea water they serve because it reminds me of visits to my grandmother's house and Korea when I was a child. The bowls were cute too. The panchan (side dishes) on the other hand were rather disappointing. Tonight we were served potato salad (why this is a staple in Korean restaurants is beyond me), dried Furikake-like seaweed, radish kimchee, kimchee, and broccoli. I seriously can't eat kimchee anywhere because that's probably the one dish I am most critical, however, there have been some that are manageable. These two kimchees were really bad. The other dishes were meh. The seaweed was cool and Ruben enjoyed it with his rice.For dinner, we ordered the Yaang Nyum chicken wings and Soon Dubu Jjigae. The chicken was really great! Not many Korean restaurants serve this dish nor do it well, so I was really happy. The last time I had Yaang Nyum chicken this delicious was in LA's Koreantown! They serve it with tiny cubes of pickled white radish (standard) and it's just so great together. The jjigae (soup) was not my favorite preparation of it (soon dubu jjigae is one of my favorite Korean dishes, so it's tough to please), but it was still delicious in its own way. The tofu was definitely on point! Very silky and perfectly soft. Nice portion for eight dollars as well.I was torn between three and four stars, but I decided to give it four stars because the space, atmosphere, and menu were all really cool. Plus, the food had a lot of highlights (hopefully I get better panchan next time) and I can't complain about an easy 10-minute drive from my house. We'll be back!
5	WOW. That pretty much sums it up.I remember when this place was being built my husband and I were like "Korean Bar?! that place is not going to last. But every time we drove by, the place was packed and the reviews are always great - we decided to check the place out when we were itching for something new to try last night.I really liked the interior. It was quaint, cozy and i liked how the booths were sorta closed off from the others.I had to use the yelp app photos to determine what to try but the hubby found 3 iitems right away that wanted to try. He ordered the Spicy chicken, the katsu, and the BBQ ribs. I asked the waitress what I should order and she helped me figure out that I was a bulgogi person. I also decided on the fried dumplings.The doggie bowls they give you for the brown water were a conversation piece...but after a few sips I was hooked. I absolutely loved the free AYCE side dishes. ESPECIALLY the spinach. I had like 4 refills. When the food came out, I was amazed at how great everything looked. The chicken parm-like katsu was awesome (hubby almost didn't want to share) and he LOVED the spicy chicken (just enough heat he said). My bulgogi was awesome (i AM a bulgogi person) and the dumplings were pretty good too. The ribs came out last and they were awesome but hands-down our table favorite was the katsu. It had all the right spices and it just really hit the spot.We had leftovers and they actually tasted just a good, maybe even better the next day.I'm a sucker for great service and besides the great food, the service matched the katsu. They were attentive but not overwhelming. I think the manager lady came by and when we told her we loved it all she politely said - "I will look for you next time". It's the little things that put the exclamation point on a great date night.It's been over 24 hours and we are still talking about the place. We almost broke down and went back today but we settled for leftovers.The price, atmosphere, service, and of course the food were all 5 stars. I never knew I'd like Korean food (hubby didn't either) but we know better now. If you are hesitant in any way, bite the bullet and check Soyo out. It was that good.
4	Joined up with my sister and her fiance after the UNLV game(for her) and after work(for I). I still frequent their sister restaurant Oyshi Sushi just a few doors over. Truth be told, I'm still so much into Oyshi(I just went again yesterday!) I hadn't bothered to try Soyo til I got dragged here lol. It's not a really large place, very casual. I'm guessing the interior was made to resemble more of a typical korean drinking spot? I say guessing since I've never experienced the korean drinking scene but the style seemed to be aiming for something to that effect.They serve boricha, a corn tea that's common in korean cuisine. Instead of cups there's small metal(copper?) bowls to drink from. It's a slightly bitter tea but it complements alot of the spicy and savory korean foods.The menu was pretty good in describing the various items for people who might not be as familiar with korean food. We're korean and grew up on korean food, so not necessary for us lol. Prices looked reasonable. This might be considered more of a drinking spot, but no one in our party drank, so I can't vouch for their spirits. But nothing definitely wrong with just coming to eat the food. I'm sure nobody here will scold you or call the food police!There was 2 waitresses and they were good at keeping the side dishes and tea refilled and whatever else we needed.The side dishes were decent. The only one that was kinda puzzling. It was shaved radish with mayo and I could taste a bit of egg. My best guess is a radish version of potato/macaroni salad? I ordered the spicy rice cake, it was fiery n delicious. If you don't have a high tolerance of spicy you might want to ask for this mild or try something else. Also had their version of hot wings with sauce made with korean chili paste(not overly spicy). There was kimchi fried rice & spicy tofu stew that I didn't try but was told were pretty good too. The only thing missing was the black blean noodles(jyajaymyun) but I guess you can't have it all! This place gets a solid 4.5 stars. Darn yelp needs to allow for half star ratings! Is there some petition we can start for that?
1	Awesome decor, great music and hipster scene, I recommend this place to chill and drink. Besides that the food was greasy, the server couldn't hear me very well probably because of the music, nor could I hear him since he wasn't yelling over the music. The food was over priced for the quality, and left overs stayed on the table don't bother taking home, I am sure it wont taste any better the next day.
4	To be blunt, I can't drink soju for the life of me, but it sure goes down better while eating spicy and filling Korean food. Came here for a friend's birthday, and there's no better way to celebrate with noms and great company.Out of all their banchan, their green beans could easily be eaten with a bowl of rice alone. Not really a fan of their roasted shrimp, but we kept ordering our favorite potato salad instead. Order their chicken wings, fried dumplings, and their seafood pancake! No regrets there, promise. Don't be tricked by the casserole; it's really budaejjigae, a spicy soup with some meat, vegetables, and instant noodles all cooked on portable stove at the table. Definitely go for the spicy chicken with mozzarella on top. Their flavored sojus are a great mix of the famous Korean alcohol and the Calpico drinks from most Asians' childhoods. Most of my friends don't like alcohol that much, so the sweetness from the peach or lychee flavor really helped them down the soju.Soyo's sign is hard to see at night, so just remember it's located in the same center as Oyshi. Inside, there are several tables for bigger groups and booths that are closed off from each other. The wait staff is quite attentive, quick, and friendly.If Soyo is anything similar to drinking joints in Korea, I'm glad we have a piece of that here in Vegas. Makes me excited to try the real thing! Until I make the flight across the Pacific, I'll make the return trip here.
4	Many people that aren't Korean or aren't familiar with the traditional "Drinking House" will complain about the poor customer service ect...The way the servers will serve you is simply by yelling "Excuse Me!!!!" in Korean...So I suggest the next time you come here, come with a Korean, it will make it a lot easier.Besides the customer service, the food is great. For its location, it can't get any better than this! To get korean food this good will require a trip to sprint mt road or downtown LA.  If your looking for the cliche Korean BBQ all you can eat, you came to the wrong place.  However, if you are looking for more traditional Korean dishes you came to the right place.  The food screams authentic, and it reminds me of a home cooked meal. The plus side of this restaurant is the bar scene.  I love the bar feel at night! Fresh makoli, draft beers and soju! It is definetely a great replica of the ktown bars!
5	i have been to this place twice once in the day time and once in the night time i have to say that during the day the chef had his game on and it was delicious but the second time during the night wasn't as good ,either the chef was tired or it was different chef all together. The atmosphere is great, i love it when restaurant have good food and good atmosphere because most the the time its either one or the other ,if you come please try the soju the traditional alcohol beverage of korea it similar to vodka but a little sweet...when i walked into the restaurant everyone  seemed to be in good spirits and laughing after sharing a bottle of soju with my friend i found i too was laughing and having a good time.
5	Yummmmm. My girlfriend took my husband and I here on our last day in Vegas and I honestly wish they had one in Seattle. It is a "barstaurant." We had their kalbi jjim, budeh jjigae, and their rabokki. Everything was delicious and really spicy, just as requested. Would definitely go back when in town again. Nom nom nom.
5	This place has become my go-to post-Pilates meal, especially since it's down the road from Vegas Hot and bcuz they're open late.I love their barley tea that you drink out of a bowl =)I love their bi bim bap.I love their grilled fish with some sort of ponzu dipping sauce.I love their grilled octopus.All in all, I love the satisfaction that I feel in my delicous food and it's a major bonus that it's healthy items. Not the Taco Bell or pizza that I used to eat after PiYo ;p
5	Unbelievable to find this very authentic but modern Korean restaurant in a remote area of Las Vegas.  Very clean, modern decorations with authentic Korean food.Highly recommended.
5	This place is awesome! Great place to relax and end the day. Authentic Korean bar food (also can be a meal).  It was about 15 minutes from the strip but well worth the drive.  With Hefeweisen on tap and plenty of food choices, we are definitely coming back!
3	ok
4	With my trip to Korea only a month away, I had to expose myself to authentic Korean food.  I like Korean food but I keep getting the same stuff: bulgago, kalbi, bibimbap and kimchi.  It only took me a couple Korean dudes to school me on Korean cuisine.  Inside, they have arcade games, old memorabilias, community tables and private tables.  The servers were friendly and one even told me she can never drink soju because if gives her a bad hangover.We were given cold barley tea (which tasted like corn) and unlimited ban chan.  We got gaal bi jjim (short rib stew with veggies), gaam jaa jyun (potato pancake), soon dae bokkeum (spicy blood sausage with clear noodles and veggies), maan doo (fried dumplings), and bulgogi.  All washed down with Hite and soju.  The meats on the gaal bi and bulgogi were tender and flavorful.  The blood sauage was really spicy for my taste - it's not something I'd eat by myself.  I really liked the maan doo and potato pancake - fried and crispy.There's a lot to choose from from the menu.  I want to go back and try other dishes...soon!
3	Who's that knocking on the door?  Yep, it's Chris the Korean BBQ newbie.  Here, let me share some of this salt for you to take with my review...Having never experienced Korean BBQ before I was a little hesitant but I do enjoy trying new things from different cultures (within reason).  This visit I had the Dol Sot Bi Bim Baap...aka the number 6 :-)  I enjoyed the meal except for the crispy seaweed strips that adorned the top of the bowl.  I know, I know...it's the way it should taste but every time I taste seaweed anything it reminds me (sorely) of being tossed upside down at the Jersey shore and coming up with a mouth full of water.  The rest of the bowl was quite nice but really didn't knock my socks off in the flavor department.  It wasn't flavorful or spicy or all that complex of a taste...kind of all ran together, taste-wise. Maybe there's something such as a sauce I should have added to the bowl?Service was excellent.  I swear 4 different people came to the table to ensure everything was up to snuff.  Maybe that's how it always is, maybe it's because they could sense the fear in the white boys eyes.  Whatever the reason, I dig it.  I hope to return again soon so that I can try something the regulars suggest that may have a little more flavor to the dish.p.s. I don't know who the foxxy lady is guarding the bathroom with the sign that says "Take me home" but can you give her my number?  Thanks.
4	Great weekday spot to grab dinner and catch up with a friend! I wish the booths were a bit more comfortable but overall great experience. Servers were all really great and kind. yum!
3	Good Korean food, for where it is.  Service is decent.  It was good and quick at first, and the slowed down as our meal progressed.All of the food was prepared well, to our liking.  Everything traditional tasted as it should.  I really enjoyed the Kalbi Jim, but what really surprised me was this spicy chicken dish with cheese.  I would have never thought about ordering it, but my friend had received it by accident the last time he went, and said that we had to get it.  It was good, and not anything that I would have thought about ordering on my own.  The kalbi, chicken wings, kimchi fried rice, and kimchi pancake were good too.
5	I was just saying I haven't been to this spot yet, however many of my friends have. Turns out some of the girls have decided to have some dinner and drinks the other night. I had plans for the night for LATER so I decided to join them. For some Soju! WELL obviously I can't be some place and NOT eat and the food looked so good and we WERE drinking so I HAD to eat. DUH. We had Bibimbap and some kind of hot pot casserole seafood thingy. It was a HUGE portion for the four of us girls and it was very seafoody, and delicious and spicy. Good stuff! I like this place and I will definitely be back!
3	35 minutes to drop off the Kim-chee. really?
4	Hmmm...I feel old and reminiscent.  I like this vibe, reminds me of Manhattan, well more like an outskirts like Jersey City or Hoboken when I lived there. Food is a solid "Good", but not necessarily memorable.   Service was very attentive.  Food was also good value.  No complaints. Just a really cute place with a hip vibe, esp since it is open way past my bed time.  I like that, but at the same time, I won't be coming back unless I am trying to impress a 20-something.
4	Had been meaning to try this place out for a while and glad we finally did!  The service was really attentive and we didn't feel awkward asking questions about the food (we had a lot!).  The decor definitely reminded me of Seoul - I was pretty surprised how they were able to recreate the vibe of restaurants there in a strip mall in Vegas.  We tried fried dumplings, garlic chicken wings, spare ribs and the spicy ramen soup.  Everything was really good - next time we will be more adventurous with our choices. I'd definitely go back.
3	My first foray into Korean food. We had no idea what to order, for newbie's it was a challenge. So we picked a few things we actually understood the description of. The Potato Pancake which was cooked nice but was bland, if they could just add some onion in there it'd make a difference, growing up in a Polish/Lithuanian household I needed sour cream and salt for this cake. And we also ordered the Fried Dumplings, they were really good and would get them again. I had a bite of a friends meal which was a huge bowl of some sort of spicy noodles, they were good but not something I'd get. I really liked the Barley Tea they give you, reminds me of sugar smacks cereal. I want some now! I'd give it another try but will require ordering assistance next time around.I enjoy the atmosphere of the restaurant. Staff was attentive on this busy evening.
5	Ssssspicy, haha. But I like it. I was introduced to this restaurant by an old friend and I have been loving it ever since. They share the same parking lot with Oyshi and a few other recognizable places so parking can be a little eh. Be vicious! jk.They have a very chill ambiance here (hope you like k-pop) and it's exactly the type of place you feel comfortable just chatting it up with friends over a delicious meal. I also love the white lights, korean manga in the booths, and "play area" here. You will be thankful for the tea that they serve in tin bowls instead of water if you want to eat spicy. However, just ask and they can bring you out some water.So far, I have tried:Kimchi Fried Rice: STOP READING AND JUST ORDER IT (jk, but it's really that good)Fried Dumplings: Just crispy enough for some crunch on the outside, but be cautious about the inside because contents might still be hot. Definitely use the sauce that accompanies it. Yum.Dduk Bok E with Ramen Noodles: OH GOSH IT'S SO GOOD! And so darn spicy! Haha, but I just can't get enough of it. It's a korean casserole with ramen noodles and seafood as well as some veggies. This one is definitely for sharing. Dolsot Bibimbap: This is something that I order to help give my mouth a break from all of the spicy foods and it is definitely delicious. White rice to be mixed with cucumbers, bean sprouts, carrots, mushrooms, and seaweed in a warm pot. Soon Dubu Jjigae: This is a Spicy Tofu Soup and it was alright. Not the best I have had, but not the worst either.Ramen: About $9 for a bowl of delicious ramen. My brother ordered this once and I wanted to steal it from him!The only mildly "bad" experience I have had here was when one of the waiters had forgotten to put in our orders twice, but he was so apologetic that we couldn't even hold it against him :) the servers here are very sweet.I'm definitely a fan and love bringing my friends here with me! Do yourself a favor and try them out.
5	Great settings, great food, awesome atmosphere!!! I go to Korea annually and this place reminded me of it. It called a "Barstaurant" and the name fits.  Staff was friendly and outdoor seating is also good. Nice place to chill for late night hangout!! Order the Korean Style Fried Chicken and you will thank me later..lol
4	Joined a group of Yelpers here for dinner!Restaurant is clean and cool...service is actually very good, fast and friendly, especially for an Asian restaurant LOL.  It's not racist if it's true!Highlights :Mandu was good, tasty filling and great flavor and consistency.  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/soyo-korean-barstaurant-las-vegas?select=SAJYCicKM6MULVgtNj51jw#SAJYCicKM6MULVgtNj51jwBulgogi...pretty yummy cooking in the soupy broth.  I guess this is the more authentic way of serving it, but I like it best when it has crispy edges and char...which this would never have being cooked in the broth, but it did have a bit more flavor since it's sitting that broth :)  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/soyo-korean-barstaurant-las-vegas?select=tO3LUDfLW_h4N7_QHkhwdw#tO3LUDfLW_h4N7_QHkhwdwBanchan was good....a little bit of everything with about 5 plates, which is a little less than most Korean spots I've been to so far.  They refilled the kimchi fairly quickly when asked.  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/soyo-korean-barstaurant-las-vegas?select=NF-Qd7zJN11r2SMQGnGLTA#NF-Qd7zJN11r2SMQGnGLTAPotato Pancake...can't say I am a big fan of these.  The flavor is ok, but since we are so used to salty potatoes out here, this isn't that flavorful in comparison....but still decent.  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/soyo-korean-barstaurant-las-vegas?select=TQHV2tKgLZO5-D-KtoN3eA#TQHV2tKgLZO5-D-KtoN3eANangmyun...aka cold noodles!  That was pretty weird. Can't say I was a fan...consistency and temperature wise, but the taste was ok.  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/soyo-korean-barstaurant-las-vegas?select=OaGG_n5ZM8W1uFkkzGpJZg#OaGG_n5ZM8W1uFkkzGpJZgOverall, i would say if you are on this side of town, it would be a cool place to check out for your late night cravings or Korean food needs.  But I can't say it blew me away either, so check it out for yourself!
4	Craving Korean tapas? This place fits the bill. Called ahead to ask about late dinner and was pleased to find out that there was no need to rush; they're open till 3am for your nocturnal asian cravings. It's a pleasant suprise to find an after hours eatery that's not smack dab on the strip or deep in the heart of Chinatown. A request for an outside table was fulfilled with a smile and the chilled barley tea was a delight on a mild summer night but there was no invitation to order any other drinks or even water from the waiter who also managed to short us one menu. Disappointment popped up again at the discovery of our waiter taking the meal orders from another party he sat two tables after us! A diner from our table walked back in to inform someone that we were ready to order. The waiter arrived to take the order shortly after. Then a member of management asked us if we would prefer a table inside because the outside dining area was going to become a smoking area shortly after our food would arrive. Redemption! Courtesy bonus stars to Soyo's management. The invitation to an inside table was accepted and greatly appreciated. A bowl of milky oxtail broth with slices of beef in noodles, a side of fresh scallions and a saucer of kosher salt arrived. Delicious, and the kosher salt was a nice functional touch. The traditional Korean side dishes soon arrived as did an order of spicy tofu/seafood soup. The crispy flat dumplings sprinkled with paprika and the chicken wings with garlic sauce were also a big hit at our table. The taste and presentation of the food was so delightful that the lack of attention paid to our empty water glasses was a mere detail amongst a plethera of flavor. A brown rice option would  have been an added bonus and something that hopefully will be considered at Soyo in the future. A responsive and courteous manager elevated this foodieview from "Meh. I've experienced better," to "Yay! I'm a fan."
5	Great service and food. Cool place.
4	Definitely coming back here again. Try the lychee soju!
4	Came for Tiens UYE to see the fuss about there. My last impression years ago wasn't that great, so I never got why my friends Soyo'ed so much. I think if you stick to their greatest hits you can have a good meal. We let Tien navigate some communal dishes. Budae Jiggae (aka wartime soup) is a medley of rice cakes, veggies, kimchi, spam, sausage and topped with ramen noodles. Theirs was pretty good and came in a quite large pot on a tabletop burner that is definitely for sharing. Grilled Whole Mackerel - this was pretty darm yum. I know, it's a basic and standard dish but the freshness plus the char and the simple sauce was all elements done right. Thin Marble Beef - which was sauteed with garlic and came with some korean salad, some pickles and a dipping sauce. This also was rather good. I'm a fan whenever I go to KBBQ of that simple green salad with that dressing and I normally gravitate towards thin sliced KBBQ meats too. Chicken Wings - these were really nicely crispy and had a sticky soy based sauce on them that is super similar to these "Korean chicken" that I find sometimes at Hawaiian plate places that I really enjoy. Super good. Cold Noodles in broth - this is one of those things people like or dont and I happen to like it. I find it kinda refreshing though can be plain. I do think I prefer the spicy cold noodles and I ask for a tiny bit of this broth on the side which is the best of both worlds. We also got pitchers of some red sangria and some soju. Banchans were pretty solid and I appreciated some of them were refilled. On a hot day, I appreciated pitchers of water and barley tea are left on the table. I rather serve myself than wait and get salty. Our server was pretty friendly and nice. I didn't think I would be wanting to go back, but after this experience I definitely would come back for some Korean eats. If you're not sure what to order and it's your first time, maybe try to ask for recommendations. I think I seriously ordered wrong last time.
4	Ahh yes, this place keeps my soul young.  This time the music is a few decibels too loud for my taste, but others seem to get more energy from it.  In spite of its young, hip, eclectic vibe, service remains overly attentive...sometimes having 2 or 3 people ask if,  "Everything is OK?", as you have a big wad of kimchi in your mouth,  Of course, I give a nod and satisfied smile.We ordered different items from our first visit.  Except, my husband couldn't resist getting the dumplings, AGAIN!  A bargain, because you get six huge ones for $5 bucks or so. It's a good value, so it the rest of their stuff. The Bo Ssam is my new favorite... a perfect low carb meal.  Radish kimchi, braised or maybe steamed whole napa cabbage leaves, and steamed pork belly. It was big enough for 3 as an appetizer or hearty enough for one for dinner with a little over for a delicious lunch the next day.  My husband ordered the ramen which is only $5 and is large enough to fill an average size belly on its own...if noodles are your thing.  However while the broth may be kimchi-ish flavor, the noodles are just like the Nissin packets, not like a Sora or Monta Ramen. Probably a solid, well prepared, tasty meal could be had for as little at $10, here. They really have a special thing going on here, it is worth the drive.
5	I love this Korean Restaurant. Most of the good Asian restaurants are located in the China Town area, Spring Mountain Rd. This one is located on Rainbow, but is always busy. It is a small restaurant, and really cool inside. I haven't tried any other kinds of their food except the spicy seafood hot pot. I had this hot pot 4 times, and loved it every time. The service is very good and fast. Their waiters/ waitresses are very friendly, and they always took a good care of us. Their banchans are average compared to other Korean restaurants I have tried before, but they are not important, as long as their main dishes are great, that's what matters. TIPs: If you are a big fan of K-pop, this is a place for you, because they have very loud Korean music on most of the time. I will definitely come back again and again, and I want to try their Soju once. I have never tried it before.
4	I like all kinds of food, but I'm not terribly familiar with Korean eats. So, I made an effort to change that by trying Soyo. Thank you, Yelp.We were started with banchan. Some dishes were better than others, it was fun to mix and match the snacks before digging into dinner. The tea was refreshing, I've never had anything quite like it.We had the stone pot of bulgogi ($12), the spicy pork rib ($13), Fire Chicken ($10) and potato pancake ($9). All were fine, but the spicy pork rib really shined. They were an outstanding combination of sweet and spicy, and they are oh, so tender. A couple orders of those I would have been on cloud nine. No fuss just the really good stuff!
3	Lychee soju gets 5 stars but it really should be kept chilled! There are a lot if asian kids that come here that are extremely loud. They have a lot of spicy or sou dishes. We ordered a bunch of things and they were ok. The garlic chix wings were good. The katsu was overcooked and hard to chew. I had to chew it for a while before it was safe to swallow. The eggs and spam dish would be a great dish for breakfast. Service started off slow and cold but a few other servers redeemed the server points. This place is small even with the patio area. Not sure if this place is worth the long drive from north las vegas.
3	I am torn on this place. I really like the visit I had, yet none of the food particularly did much for me. It was quality grub, and seemed very close to being great, but it just fell short. I plan on going back, as I think that I possibly just ordered the wrong items. And it will be easy to find different dishes, as the menu is extensive. Other than the food, the decor was modern, yet comfortable. The service was attentive. And (the best part) the draft beers were cheap!
5	My favorite spot to eat korean food and drink soju & Makkoli. The food is authentic, and not your average korean bbq joint (because it's not korean bbq). My favorite dish is the stir fried intestines & blood sausage, steamed pork & cabbage wrap, ox tail beef soup, potato pan cake, and many more, all delicious. They also serve a lot of side dishes as well, and the atmosphere is fun yet cozy, its a pretty busy place, and they close late.
4	This has been my to-go Korean place especially if I'm craving some kimbap or other Korean foods. I like to get their ddukbokki when I feel like torturing myself with the spiciness, their rice cake skewers (yum!), and some chicken. Their prices would be more on the pricier side for me to eat there often but I do come back every now and then.Love the barley tea instead of just plain water. That took awhile to grow on me initially so hopefully it'll grow on you if it's not your thing :).Try various items on their menu and never be too scared to try new things!Some recommended stuff: friend chicken wings w/ special sauce, fried whole chicken, grilled chicken gizzards, ramen ddukbokki, marbled beef, and dried file fish (if you're into that kind of thing).Service usually lacks a bit here and there so sometimes I just hope I get lucky and get good service for the night.
4	Great food! Been here twice. I got the stone pot bulgogi for $12. For $12 you will not go hungry!First time was delicious but would have preferred more onions. Second time I went I requested more onions, and got more onions but less japchae noodles, so you can definitely tell their foods are made to order.Banchan first time - Macaroni Salad, Kimchi, Pickled Radish, Sweet Black Beans and can't remember the 5th.Banchan second time - Kimchi, Pickled Radish, Radish Salad (like macaroni salad but with radishes), SeaweedTheir kimchi is fresh and less fermented, very delicious.Barley tea for everyone at the table.Has a very traditional Korean feel, with the lighting of a Korean bar.Service could be better, but I attribute that largely due to the language/culture barrier. They are quick to help, they just don't understand!We opted to sit outside both times, as it's very noisy inside. Outside patio is covered/enclosed, with air conditioning as well.Cool old-school Korean video games at the front entrance when you walk in.
4	Soyo think you've had good Korean food?  (humor courtesy of my boss DCW).  We came here for lunch and had the bi bim bap, short ribs, and chicken wings.  Wings were delicious, a little sweet and sour.  Bi bim bap was just like I remembered.  Food was quick and our server was friendly and made sure we had everything we needed.  I will definitely be backNo japchae though (my fav), but i guess it's important to try different things.
4	I'm from So Cal, and I love Korean Food. But, most of choices are in China Town. Basically most are too pricey , and the ones that aren't are kinda dirty and run down. Soyo is everything I've been looking  for, reasonably priced , well cooked, nice decor/environment, and portions are great.   Only neg would probably be size of eating area, it's real tight in prime time hours.
5	I adore this place. I have some friends who live in Vegas, so I always meet up with them Sunday night after a wild Vegas weekend and grab dinner before catching the first flight out Mon morning. I ALWAYS request this place. They introduced me to it and I am so grateful for it. We've tried a number of things, but my favorite is definitely the short ribs and bi bim bap. I can't get enough. And their wonderful starters are tasty and plentiful. I had no idea I loved Korean food so much. I have yet to try any places in SD (home) because I'm afraid they won't stand anywhere near this awesome place.
5	For only having Korean food 1 other time in my life this was SOO GOOD , glad I came here instead of where I was going
5	I love Soyo! Every time I come to visit Las Vegas to visit my boyfriend, we always make it a point to come here because it is so good. We usually get the Bulgogi, Kimchi Fried Rice, and the Cheese Corn, etc. Everything is just really good here. The portions are a great size, the workers are very nice. They have nice new outside eating area too. Good vibes
4	A very lively and hip Korean restaurant. We had the spicy seafood stew and LA Galbi. Both were good. We also liked the complimentary chilled barley tea. The restaurant offers a large menu with lots of selections that aren't always available. If you like Korean, you won't be dissapointed.
5	I've been here a few times, and I've never had any problems with the service or the food.  Like the name suggests, it is a cross between a Korean restaurant and bar.  It's dimly lit with raised booths along the back wall and tables arranged in the center of the room.  When you first walk in, there are a couple of mini arcade games with a set of mini chairs.  My friend and I were playing co-op and we were basically squatting over our chairs.  I love that they have these old school games, and I would probably come back JUST to play.As for the food, I haven't been to a Korean restaurant in Vegas that tastes better than Soyo's.  I've gotten something different everytime I come here and I have yet to be disappointed, but I also haven't had anything that really stands out and says "Devour Me!"
4	First off, I have to give a big thanks to our waiter. I came here with my fiance and neither of us have been to an authentic Korean restaurant. He was a great help explaining different dishes and giving good suggestions. We started off with some soju that was great! Definitely has a sake vibe, but I thought it was a bit sweeter which made it really good. The serve it by the bottle and one bottle is definitely enough for two. I had to order the Korean short ribs and man they didn't disappoint! Succulent and juicy. Simply delicious! The side dishes were great. I've had kimchi before and this was definitely done well. We also ordered the dumplings and they were good! The stuffing fell apart a little after the first bite, but they had great flavor!I would come back without a doubt!
5	I LOVE Soyo! My favorite place to go to for Korean food. It's affordable and the food is delicious. The portions are quite large too. The place is casual and now they have an outside area so there's more room for tables. The staff is nice. My favorite dishes here are the sundubu (spicy tofu soup with pork or seafood), bossam (pork belly with cabbage) and corn cheese. Yummm. I want some now! Definitely check this place out if you want some great, affordable Korean food.
4	I love Soyu. I could come here and eat spicy pork and Korean chicken wings every day. Service is a little lacking but they make up for it  with delicious food. Kimchi is very fresh and delicious as well
5	We had a party of 12.  Great service. Celebrating my boyfriends birthday. I ordered marbled beef tastes great with the salt pepper sesame oil, Kalbi, and peach Soju is my favorite.  They gave my man a large intense birthday shot of some heavy liquor.  The server also came out with a plastic bag (just in case.) I thought that was clever and different.  I kept it by my side the rest of dinner. But he kept all his drinks and food down just fine.  Very convenient for large parties as you go to the cashier, let them know what you ordered, and pay.  It's fast and easy, ensures you don't get stuck with everyone's tax and tip.
5	Pretty fantastic!  Came here on a whim, wasn't disappointed.  Try the Yukejang or Dol Sot Bi Bim Bap if you're feeling adventurous and want tons of flavor.  Also had the Kimchi Fried Rice, and it had the best balance of spice and flavor I've ever had in that particular dish, ever.  Next time we hit Vegas, I'm coming back!
4	We had a wonderful time at this Korean spot about a 15 minute drive from the strip!  We came here a couple of nights before our wedding.  They took our large group reservation and we had a lovely time with good food.The soju cocktails were good.  Standard Korean bar beverages.  Yum!All of the dishes were good.  We enjoyed (and ordered!) a lot.Highly recommended for large groups and solid food when wanting to stray from the strip.
5	Delicious food, great fried rice in a stone pot. great place. Music is slightly loud, but bearable.
4	My name is Shannon, and I'm addicted to Korean dramas. And after watching all the delicious food in those shows, I needed Korean food in my life. I took a friend with me and we tried the food our waiter suggested. It was all so good I decided to have my birthday dinner there a month later. We were a party of 10 and the service was excellent. They were even nice about us getting separate checks. I really liked their chicken wings, ramen, and rice cake skewers, but what I loved the most was the yogurt soju. So, if you're looking for something new with a fun atmosphere, I highly recommend this place. And get the yogurt soju to share with your friends, I think it was only $12.
3	A quaint little Korean restaurant across town that's open late and has delicious soju flavors!Had the Lychee, peach, and Calpico soju ... all tasty but I'd have to recommend the Lychee!Also, wasn't too sure of what to order but our server was very helpful and pointed us to the most popular items on the menu which were all very good (short rib, some stone pot concoction and a spicy beef dish as well.
4	The blood sausage was great but the service wasn't that great because the server didn't understand us and guessed on what we may like
3	This place deserves a solid 3 stars. I have been here many times and tried a variety of things. Everything I have tried here is just subpar and a poor excuse for korean food.  But it might just be my spoiled taste buds from living in cali.
5	For my first Korean dining experience, I enjoyed everything about it. I like the quaint, k-pop vibe and ambiance. Someone told me this place is a very modern, young, hip kind of Korean joint, compared to other traditional spots on Spring Mountain.  Being that I enjoy all things modern, i loved this place.The wait staff are kind. The little plates that come out first are filled with lots of flavor. Never knew i liked kimchi til this done-in experience. The cost for items are reasonable too considering the portions.
2	Wow, overrated and bland.  I have no idea why people keep recommending this place.  E-Jo has way better galbi (and it is not even close), and the new age tapas dishes are bland.  The kim chee is also bland.  I tried this place the first time and thought it was disappointing (my Korean friend makes better pancakes in her kitchen not to mention better overall everything).  Just to give it another shot, I went with a friend again and a person who has never tried Korean food.  Other than the ok galbi, both of us thought every other dish was insipid, overcooked, and just gross.  Maybe I've been blessed to actually have tried Korean food that taste good, and I know the difference, but I have no idea why people like this place.  It is terrible.   Terrible!
5	good food.. good service... the soup came out too spicy. they fixed it up immediately
5	Our first time here yesterday for dinner, and I already wanted to go back today{but didn't :'( }. The food was really good(we were shocked how huge the portions were), the service was impeccable, and the price was very reasonable(actually-low priced for a nice Korean restaurant). Overall, we had a phenomenal experience! We'll definitely be returning soon!
4	We actually had to leave the strip to go to this barstaurant. When we walked in, the staff was dressed in costumes and everyone looked in their 20s. Yikes! But the place was really clean, the staff was attentive and the food was pretty decent. I had my doubts but this place was a nice surprise.As mentioned in this place, its a barstaurant. What is a barstaurant pray tell? In my limited experience, a place with dance club like atmosphere but it also serves food. I used to go to ones in Chicago and sometimes they had the best food. We had the bu dae jigae, commonly known as G.I. stew. Why would anyone want a spicy stew that has spam, ramen noodles, sausage and rice cakes? Cause it's awesome and spicy and you will want to eat it. You can also get some decent duk bok gi which are spicy fat rice noodles with fish cakes. It was a little sweet for my taste but definitely spicy. Panchans were sparse but not a problem since we ordered tons of food.We had the lychee & soju drink, which was a good compliment to all the spiciness going on. The place was cute, the staff was good even in their furry costumes and the atmosphere was fun. Go and try it!
5	Went with a friend and got a lot of awesome dishes. The garlic chicken wings are amazing. It had a good atmosphere and the music in the background is interesting. It is all over the place. The squid with garlic was excellent as well as the short ribs. I thought the blood sausage with rice noodles was great but it might not be for everyone. I recommend the soyo juice, Korean sake with yogurt. If you do go go with the small plates and try lots of things.
4	LOVE! Finally decided to try this place after getting over some intimidation since my only korean dining experience Is AYCE KBBQ lol. AMBIANCE- I loved the hip/laid back vibe that this "Barstaurant" presented definitely why I'm coming back, such a cute place, they have fun booths plus anywhere that serves awesome korean food with the korean version of "officially missing you" playing in the background ... Count me in!!! SERVICE- My friend and I were total noobs but the servers were more than helpful and friendly, it was just a little awkward at first because once we sat down they gave us a small pitcher of barley tea with these two cup/bowl looking things with no explanation (they serve this over water btw) we weren't sure whether to drink from the bowls or if it's for scraps lol. FOOD- so much great options from Galbi, to stews and ramen :) we tried the KOONG NAA MOOL GYUP SAAL - it seems like a popular choice and it was delish! It was pork belly with squid that's in their sweet chili-issh broth, they bring out a portable stove/burner for it to cook all the way and stay warm , definitely adding to the dining experience , plus it was very flavorful! It comes with rice and typical banchan sides. We also tried their flat dumplings which people rave about but it was okay for me, maybe I was expecting it to be out of this world but it'll do :) BIG PLUS- SOJU!! The lychee soju was so bomb! Def should try it over the typical yogurt soju ! This place is definitely worth trying its great to find a restaurant where you're able to chill and enjoy your food, and it's a great place to hit up with friends. MUST TRY .. NOW.
4	Love this place,it's a little pricey and the music a little to loud,but food is great
5	Always great service the food there is excellent.  I always go there with my wife.  It is close to home.  It has great Korean shot ribs and seafood hot pot.
3	We finally tried this place since it was the closest Korean place we can get to besides Chinatown.  Unfortunately they didn't have the BBQ chicken my husband likes at regular Korean BBQ places.  The server misheard my order (I wanted the squid dish) but only had the regular pork belly and sprouts dish.  It was very good.  May come back to try the actual squid one in the future.  The menu was quite extensive and there were so many new things I would like to try.
4	Good food and environment.  Great place to drink eat and hang out.  Try the yogurt soju its interesting in a good way.
5	I'm regular at this place. The food is always fresh and delicious.  One thing I've never tried is their dessert.  Red bean shaved ice is surprisingly delicious.  I highly recommend it.
5	Such a cute place to have delicious Korean food. They recently added an outdoor area kind of replicating a "soju tent" (very popular in Korea). The staff is friendly and always polite. Atmosphere is open and welcoming - the theme is kind of like an old Korean home - super cozy and so different from any other Korean restaurant in Vegas. They have these awesome booths that are soooo cute and private. The food is 5 star and portions are big enough for sharing. The owners really put thought and love into this restaurant. I would have to say it's one of my favorite places in Vegas!
4	The bi bim bap is well seasoned  and was good. The service is awesome. The waiters/waitresses were very attentive and always came to check and see if our tea was filled. Overall the experience was great and we had a great dinner plus the red bean shaved ice hit the spot
5	Seriously love this place!  It's a really cute atmosphere, I really like the banchan.  Out of all the dishes, I really like the dish with the marbled beef.  I'm not sure what it's called, but it has really tender sliced beef, and it's served with this lettuce salad and pickled veggies.  It's a really simple dish, and I also love the hot spicy tofu pot with pork in it.  5 stars =)
3	I went here on the strength of the positive yelp reviews. I will chalk up my not so great experience on my ignorance of the Korean culture. I had no idea what I was going to order. The ingredients looked good but I wasn't sure if it would come out unlike what I am used to. I ordered bulgogi(only thing I was sure I would like) and my gf ordered short ribs. They were both good but the bulgogi was not what I expected. Not bad, just not what I'm used to. Have you ever gone to a place and people look at you like wtf? Are you doing here?...that's how I felt The place itself seems really cool and hip. Before I left Las Vegas it wasn't there and glad to see a place like it in my neighborhood. I will go back after I do some research and not feel like an outsider idiot...Help yelpers...I really want to like this place...it's so cool...I wan to spin the wheel and know what I'm winning...lolDeuces,Ish
4	Now this was a cool place to experience some great Korean Food!a.  Ambiance - Reminds me of the small restaurants in Seoul. Dark, small, warm, inviting.  Right away, I was very cool with the ambiance of this place.b.  The menu - Very extensive! All the great stuff I know and so much more I never tried.- The Ban Chan - This was the most uninspired bit of the restaurant.  If found the ban chan to be a bit average at best. - Gam Jaa Taang - Pork Neck Bone stew - Yes.  this is a huge dish to be shared with many people.  Lots of pork bone and vegetables.  The vegetables must have been dehydrated as they were stringy and very hard to chew.  Tasty though.  The pork neck bones were awesomely tender.  Just a bit huge and they could have trimmed them to a more manageable size.  Served to you table side on a small propane burner to keep this huge soup bowl warm.  Also, the burner they had said " Don't use indoors"  that was comforting....- Gaal Bi Jjim - This is beef short rib stew with vegetables and the meat was very tender and fast.  Really enjoyed this dish!  - Gaal Bi - Your traditional beef short ribs bbq style.  I found the meat to be a bit fatty or chewy.  Not as tender as I have had it. Tasty!- Dol Sot Bi Bim Baap - Veggies and rice with beef, friend egg in a stone pot.  Yummy and especially with the chili paste.- The water - They give you tin cups and barley tea flavored water in a plastic pitcher that is either going to have some K-pop dudes, K-pop ladies, or PSY,I like this place and will try it again.
4	Great staff, awesome decor and delish food makes this place a perfect spot for Korean food.
3	This is my first time actually dining here. I will qualify this by stating that my husband went once with a friend and really liked it and brought me back blood sausage which was quite good. That was a couple of years ago. The second time we tried to go there on a weekend night with a couple of friends. We sat down promptly but then no one came to take our drink order or any other order for probably about twenty minutes so we got up and left. So that leads me to lunch the other day. I was hopeful that lunch would have better service than my last dinner experience and it did . The order was taken relatively quick however the food took awhile to arrive and flagging down the waiter was rather difficult in order to get drink refills or the check. So overall service went down hill. As to the food, I had the bibimbap, which was good although I have had better (Island Style for one). Also, ordered the dumplings again good but not noteworthy. So the food was solid but not phenomenal. I prefer it when the banchan is brought at the beginning too. I can't remember what other places have done or what is traditional but that is just my preference. Here, the banchan was brought along with the main entrees. In regards to the ambience. I believe other yelpers have stated it is very K-pop here and I agree. I could see it being a lively venue for a weekend night. Music was loud, and for lunch, it was almost to loud to visit and enjoy especially since it wasn't too crowded. The decor is industrial but appealing, however, we sat on the benches with no back. Would have prefered a back to the seat, especially in light of the somewhat slow service. Overall, glad that I put aside my ill feelings before and gave it a chance. The food was solid but it is unlikely I will be back as it was not noteworthy and there are so many other places to try.On one last note (which would be added above excempt my computer is having issues right now). The selection was more extensive than other Korean places I have been and they had a few decent beers, although I didn't imbibe. They had either Hitachino or Morimoto Soba ale, I think it was the latter, either way they are both great beers that are difficult to find in restaurants.
2	Went here for dinner for the first time with a big party (10). If you have a big party you apparently have to make a reservation, which I think is pretty ridiculous. We had to sit outside in the cold and service wasn't good at all. Waiter was slow and took forever to give us the forks or tea. But some of the stuff we asked, we're never given to us. We felt the waiters were rude and made us wait way to long. Food is pretty good and it is a bit pricey. The place is nice for people who like k-pop. Overall, I would not come back as a big group and I would hope for better service.
3	I have been here a handful of times and it is so cute and the food is amazing!! The reason why 3 stars because about four times now of ordering the seafood soondubu.. THERE IS ALWAYS BROKEN SHELLS IN MY SOUP that cut my mouth and chip my teeth!!! You think it is appetizing to munch on broken shells? Why do you guys keep doing this :(? I already have a heads up but no change!
4	I like this place a lot because they're open really late and it's very close to my house. The food is amazing. The dolsot bibimbap is my favorite. I am a big fan of sizzling hot food so anything in a stone pot is a plus. I still can't believe that there is no meat in the bibimbap... It's all mixed vegetables but still really good! Oh and I love how the rice is burnt and crunchy at the bottom of the stone pot. Yum! Another thing I like there is the casserole dish. It's huge! Good for 3-4 people. I like adding in ramen so there's more variety.The atmosphere here is great. It's a little dark so you get a nice ambiance. The music is cool too. Most of the time, they play kpop but mix in a few american songs every so often. It's a korean barstaurant so obviously it is filled with korean people. The only negative thing I have to say about this place is that if you're not korean, they dont tend to you so often. I saw them attending to the korean patrons almost non stop. It wasn't like they were ignoring us but we were definitely waiting around and waving our hands in the air quite a few times to get their attention. I'd like to think this isn't a racial thing and hope that they were just too busy to notice. I'll be coming back for sure. It's one of the very few hip asian restaurants that is close to home. I prefer not to drive all the way down to chinatown for a good korean meal.
5	I'd definitely eat there again and for what we paid, it was the best! We had a party of 6 with 2 children, and we ordered 5 dishes. We ate it all! I just wish there was more side dishes.
5	DELICIOUS FOOD!!!All 7 of us fit in the booth and ordered some tasty dishes. We had a peach soju cocktail (yum!), casserole, the number 2 on the menu (don't know how to spell it), these ribs, and other noodle dishes. Excellent prices and we were so full when we were done. They had the barley tea in pitchers. Great service. We're fans and coming back. About 10 mi. from the strip, I think..?
2	I will NEVER go back to Soyo.  The food actually was not that bad.  However the service was deplorable.  They just don't seem to care.We even had Korean speaking people at our table and their lunch was ruined because of the service.
5	Comfort food alert!  Nothing beats a hot korean casserole from Soyo on a cold winter's night.  Pair that with their milky soju and you are in trouble.  That soju there goes down waaay too easy.  Watch out. The place is intimate and is supposed to be a Bar/Restaurant = Barstaurant.  I don't partake in the alcohol much.  I am there for the korean tapas and hotpots. Yum!  And they are really inexpensive for all that food.  Remember, they give you a lot of kim chi appetizers too.
1	Came here with a party of 5 plus a toddler.... staff tried to stuff is all into a booth...when we asked to sit at the tables (b/c the joint was empty) staff was RUDE!!!!! They set us up on one table ... which then defeated the request to sit at the table ..... We left immediately.... it's unfortunate that they have horrible staff..cause the food is good...If they don't change this... I don't doubt that this place will be closing soon.
4	I love this place!  The food is so good!!!  Never had anything I didn't think was delicious.  We even tried the spicy chicken covered with cheese, it's a Korean tapa and it was freaking spicy (the waiter warned us).  But the flavor was still there!I think anyone who loves meat would enjoy their short ribs dish, I can't remember the name but it's one of the first things on the menu and comes in a large bowl so it's almost like a soup.  SO GOOD.  They also give unlimited sides (rice, kim chi, etc) if you ask.  The place isn't very big so if you plan to come with a huge party, it would be best to call ahead.The only reason why I couldn't give these folks 5 stars is because the music in there is pretty LOUD (you can't carry a convo in there unless you shout).  If they turned it down a bit, even a little this would be a perfect spot for Korean food.
2	Good food, but rather order carry out. Staff was very rude and not welcoming. This continued during meal too! It was consistently bad.
2	I know Korean food and this place is NOT very good.  Went here on a friend's recommendation and I was not impressed.  ordered ddeuk bokgi, soon tofu, potato pancake, and seafood pancake.  Soon tofu was probably the best out of the bunch and that was just ok.  maybe I ordered the wrong things.  maybe I expected too much from their food.  if you have a big group and drink this place does support that atmosphere, but judging on food alone there are better Korean places in town.  might give them one more try but this place is not on my go-to list of spots.  positives: most items on the menu are under $10 and they're open late.
5	We unexpectedly found Soyo when we were looking for a drink before dinner.  Stepped in, and I liked it already!  There were music going on and Korean comic books on bookshelves.  There were also three miniature arcade games by the entrance.  We were seated at one of the booths and were immediately served two little golden bowls and iced Korean rice tea.  We ordered the kimchi pancakes and two draft beers - a total of $20 including tips!  They even had Purple Haze on draft! We are definitely coming back here for dinner soon to try more items!  And looking forward to it!
5	Soyo has become one of our go to places whenever we are in town to climb at Red Rocks.Good Korean comfort food for reasonable prices. I can't remember everything that we ordered, but the pork belly was good and we always have fun playing titantic w/ soju and beer. lolMake a reservation as it's not very big and gets crowded.
4	The first thing that impressed me was that Soyo isn't an AYCE place.  Not that AYCE places are bad!  I've just visited places that boast AYCE and the quality just falls under my (snobby) standards.  Soyo is super cute on the inside, with twinkling lights, a "Price is Right" style spinning wheel, and signs in Hangul (and we all know that printed Hangul is super cute, what with all the "sticks and circles" --hubby's words -- in that particular written language!). Our party of 4 snagged a booth and ordered a variety of delights: bibimbap, fried chicken, chapchae, etc.  Barley tea was flowing liberally, the banchan was plentiful and tasty, and hubby got his fill of kimchi to last for the next few weeks.  Everything was delicious and the sweet, if slightly clueless server, was more than happy to bring us drink refills and napkins (after reminding him several times).  It was nice not to have our clothes saturated with bbq smoke after our meal, something that is a given at AYCE bbq places I've patronized.  I will definitely come here again to eat and to spin that wheel!
5	So  I finally returned to this wonderful Korean outpost and I can happily say my main concern was addressed (this time we got spectacular service) and the food was as good as ever.Fair warning though they mean spicy! I got sweet and spicy pork ribs and was reveling in their volcanic glory when my companion got his ribs and the waiter said "watch out those are really hot." They were like experiencing Pompeii first hand with your tongue; except delicious and not ashy.I do have to wonder if the service was so good because the staff wanted to see if they'd successfully murdered us with Korean Spicy Goodness...
5	I've been here several times. The food is always on point, and they have great service. The servers check on you and refills on side dishes are free! They always play good music. It's a cool place to grab a bite and some soju with friends.
5	I absolutely adore this place! I love the ambiance of the restaurant as well as the food. The service was better than a lot of other restaurants I go to and the fact that it's open late is another great plus. The prices are reasonable and the food is delicious! My main concern though is the loud ass music, but it's just more of a personal preference for me so no stars were taken off of that.I always recommend this place for people who are craving or never experienced Korean food before.
5	Great for late night eats!My girlfriends love this place because they love Korean cuisine (I guess I do too!.lol). My first impression of the joint: I felt as if I teleported to Korea. It was so crazy. The set up of the place is like you're standing in urban Korea; it's pretty legit. There's mini arcade games by the entrance, cozy booths with Korean comics on their shelves, and a swanky dim ambience. The staff is very welcoming and they are very attentive. They serve a traditional ice tea instead of water and it's really refreshing. Foods to suggest would be their bulgogi and their array of Korean ramens and soups. Good for lunch and great if you work late at night and you craving wholesome food. I came here a couple times for lunch and once time after I got off work at 1:30am with my friends.
5	Always outstanding food and service here. My favorite dish is the #6 rice bowl with vegetables, ground beef and egg (temporarily forgot the name of this thing, but I think it is #6 on the menu) and my favorite appetizer is the chicken wings with the chef's special sauce. Try the traditional rice wine for a treat...and the complimentary barley water. Note: all food and beverages are served in bowls. Ah, novelty! Highly recommended!
4	Yummy and cute decor!  I first stopped in here with friends when the place we had planned to eat at was too busy.  We were so lucky!! The food is awesome.  The pickles are great and they keep them coming!  I have to be careful or I will SOOOO over eat here!  Try the kimchee fried rice it is to die for.
5	(I'm half Korean, been to many K restaurants) Favorite Korean restaurant, it has the best service/food/price combination (in my humble opinion lol). It environment has modern pop Korean music, retro decor, and a young Korean wait staff (feels authentic). If you're looking for a more quiet traditional restaurant, this isn't the place for you. The music is on the louder side, vibe is for bringing friends and having a good time!
3	Its a cool little spot, good food and caters to the younger crowd. Not that they won't give you the same service if you were older but the decor and ambiance is more for the younger hipster folks.
4	Soyo is a fun neighborhood spot that has successfully created a fun bar atmosphere whilst serving great korean food.I've never been to Korea so what I'm about to say makes no sense.  Soyo makes me feel Korean the moment I walk in. I've always wanted to be Korean so it's like a dream come true. I'm partially joking... I went through high school listening to K-pop so the fact they play nothing but K-pop is enough of a reason for me to come back time and time again. Lucky for me, their food is fantastic also. They serve all the typical Korean dishes that most of  us are familiar with and some + American favorites such as french fries and chicken wings. My favorite dishes to order;Kalbi(short ribs)Soon Dubu Jjigae (tofu soup)Dduk Bokki( spicy rice cakes)both the spicy and fried chicken wings bibimnaengmyeon (cold buckwheat noodles)I'm here a few times a month since it's so close to my house and open late. I have yet to have a terribly bad experience. Service is a hit or miss...Miss most of the time...This is probably because I'm not actually Korean :( But that's ok...I am not needy. Keep feeding me delicious food and continue to play the awesome tunes that you do... I will be a loyal fan.
5	Stopped in for dinner on Sunday night and was able to get a table immediately. This place is small and has a great cozy, modern atmosphere with mini acrcade style games at the entrance and bookshelves lined with Korean comics. It's also open late.  Their side dishes (banchan?) were great. I really liked their traditional style kim chee because it wasn't so acidic and it had a nice spice. The star of the show for me was the bulgogi. It's not served bbq style like most Korean places serve it .. Instead, it is served in a stone bowl with a delicious sweet broth and tons of veggies. Very tasty and comforting. My three year old son who is very picky even loved the dish, asking for more! My cousins ordered the fried chicken wings as an appetizer. I did not taste them, but everyone else seemed to LOVE them. I will definitely be back!
5	This place has the chillest vibe! THE FOOD IS GREAT! What else do I got to say?!? This place is just awesome!
4	Very good food, the barley tea was excellent and the sides were amazing. Impressed with the wait staff, was never in need of asking for a refill on anything.The waitress was hot too. The only negative I had was that the seating was not comfortable. I mean, I don't mind sitting on a solid piece of wood, if I were at the park, but if I am sitting to eat, not comfortable.
4	My family and I came to Soyo for dinner (before everyone comes for late night drinks). Because it was still relatively early, the restaurant was next to empty, but with the intimate feel of the restaurant, we didn't see it as a bad thing. The four of is shared Budaejjigae, spicy military stew with ramen noodles, tofu, kimchee, and, my favorite part, sausages. The portions were decent, it would fill up two to three people easily, and the stew was perfectly spicy (note: I have a high tolerance for spiciness) and had so many ingredients that it was enjoyable to eat. Next we got the Blood Sausage Stir Fry which was hearty and savory with a slight kick... Yum!  Overall it was a good experience, and my family was definitely satisfied. The only complaint I would have is that their selection is 90% spicy food (meant to eat with alcohol) and we couldn't find anything to cleanse our palates. Other than that, I definitely recommend this place!
5	Service was great. Food was great. Soju was awesome. Always busy. A lil cozy place:-) wish they deliver though!
4	Moved here from LA where the best korean food is from, this place is the next best thing in vegas if your in the mood got korean food, a must try if your ever around, cool place to drink friendly servers and very chill environment, and their metal bowls for tea is dope!
4	Not too bad for a local restaurant. The food is pretty tasty but the tapas aren't really tapas. They're more like entrees. If I'm craving Korean I definitely will go here instead of driving all the way to china town. The service is mediocre but isn't that every Asian restaurant.
4	I'm new to this neighbor hood and try this out. Like it so far, good food,clean, nice service. Will be back soon
3	First time eating Korean BBQ. Flavors were good. Meat quality poor. Discovered some korean side dishes: love the seaweed salad and brocoli stir fry. Dislike kimchee of epic proportions. The mayo noodle salad clearly needs more flavors, the texture is great. Large portions at a great price. Wish they would have a tasting menu, since trying new cuisines can be confusing. Wait staff was excellent at recommendations and were very attentive. If there was an upscale Korean Barbeque place I would try it again. The low quality meat makes me not want to reorder meat dishes. We tried crispy pork belly, Korean BBQ, corn cheese, dumplings all ok just missing a little finess to bring it to the next level.
5	Cute place, has outdoors patio with heaters. Indoors has a bar and a bunch of hip cozy little bench booths you can sit at inside. Very authentic and there are entrees, appetizers/tapas, soups, etc. The food was really good, right away they serve you all these little plates (Kimchi, seaweed salad and 4 other yummy little things).  If you are not familiar with Korean food, make sure that you have time to look over the entire menu and ask  questions before you go otherwise you might spend 20 minutes reading the entire menu because there is a description for every dish and you might get lost in the menu and what you are in the mood for! But so far everything I ordered (and my friends) has been seriously yummy
4	Came here the other night with some friends. We chose to have dinner here because they used to have the morimoto soba ale. To our surprise, they no longer have this beer... Even bottled :( such a shame but oh well! I still enjoy going here because of the late hours, cool vibe, great food and decent prices.
5	Soyo is so cute! It's this cozy little Korean restaurant tucked into the same plaza as Oyshi sushi. We tried it out one night when their was too long if a wait at Oyshi. What I liked most about this place besides its cute atmosphere was the quality and quantity of food you get. The banchan (side dishes) are complimentary with your entree and they are so good. They offer a cold barley tea and serve it in these cute little metal bowls. Refills are free! I ordered the bulgogi but it's definitely not your traditional bulgogi. I'm used to BBQ style bulgogi ... But this was served in a stonepot with this delicious sweet and savory broth and delicious veggies. Now it's my preferred way to eat bulgogi! Try this place out NOW!
4	If I'm not mistaken Soyo was on dirty dinning sometime last year? Oh well I guess, since their food is pretty good. I came here with a party of 4 including myself, been hearing so many good things about them and so many check ins from all kinds of people. Our group ordered kalbi, bulgogi and 2 other beef dishes I can't remember and all of them were really good. I'm curious to try the other menu options. The inside is kinda weird, but I guess typical Korean? No mean infringe on their culture, but there were also Christmas lights around the restaurant? The service was pleasant and I did enjoy the overall experience probably making this one of my favorite Korean spots in town, too bad they don't do AYCE Korean BBQ, that would be awesome. I would highly suggest for the owner to do it cuz their meats are spectacular.
5	Not that I'm an expert with Korean dishes but I love the food here and the prices. I usually order #2 ddoolbaegi bulgogi. It's better than the other Korean places I've been at and it's cheaper. The staff here is friendly and willing to explain the menu.
3	Good food overall. But the service was terrible. Our server was super rude although the food was delicious. Problems with our server in regards to attitude was very distasteful. But the ambience of the place is very nice and homey. The garlic sauce chicken wings was wonderful. I had the jap char with bulgogi as well which was really good. Not too salty. But the horrible service put a bit of a taint on the first dining experience. Server was very slow on checking on us and refilling waters and the place wasn't even packed or busy. A bit of a disappointment.
5	My co-workers invited me to go with them to eat at these place, man! I'm really thankful I went. Staff are nice, cool and clean place and most important good food. I also went back here to with my friend and my mom to show the new place I discovered.
5	This place is simply delicious! The very first thing on the menu is my fave (can't remember the name of it right now but it's #1.) I also love the squid and garlic wrapped in foil, and the mackerel is great. The pineapple and lychee soju is amazing as well.
4	With all due respect to my local pub(in Vegas)sometimes I just needto kick it with some sojuand Korean Fried Chicken.Thank goodnessSoyo Korean Barstaurantfits that bill during those times of need.The placeis alive with the sounds of K-pop, accented with cool lighting,and houses some super old school video games(we're talking Super NES quality gaming here).Yet it's still surprisingly chillthanks to strategically placed boothsalong with super friendly patrons and staff.The foodsupplies me that comforting combination deep fried and spicewhich not only entices the palatebut also opens up the senses.But what really sets this bar / restaurantapart from other Korean spotsis their Soju.Imagine a perfectly blendedsmoothie.It is neither too sweet nor too wateryand is cool and refreshing and very relaxing.Now imagine that same drinkgetting you completely blato.Good stuff.Overall,it's a great place.
4	This is my go-to neighborhood korean restaurant. Love that they are always open late and never too crowded. We usually order the marinated short ribs or gaal-bi, and korean fried chicken which are musts. Stone pot bi bim bap is also very good, as well as their fried mackerel. They offer very few sides, but you can ask for more of something if you like it.
4	I am half korean so im extremely attentive when it comes to trying korean restaurants out. This is  probably the best and most authentic korean restaurant i have been too in las vegas. The seafood tofu soup was delicious and  definitely made me feel at home.  The only thing i wished for was more beginning appetizers. They really didn't do the korean dishes much justice.
5	Love love love this place! Awesome food and they play awesome songs! So happy there's a good Korean restaurant in the southwest area. Don't need to drive to China town!
1	Saw girls from other table got big prize in the wheel spinning game but was denied by the waiter. So rude to their customers.
5	My favorite korean restaurant in Vegas! Love the atmosphere and the food. I get their labbokki, dolsot bibimbap, seafood casserole, and the garlic chicken wings. Must try this restaurant if you love korean food!!
2	I would love to go here regularly except the service is just really bad. And I'm not talking those days when the place is packed. Several times me and my husband came here to eat, the place was almost empty, and we had to wait for 15 minutes or so just to get a menu, and over 20 minutes for the waitress to come back and take our order. On top of that last time they also didn't even take my order - no, they didn't get it wrong, they just plain forgot about me and only made food for my husband. Then apologized and brought the food when he was long done with his meal. And while he was eating, he never got a single drink refill. The food is great and so are the prices, but the service is just too much to deal with for it to be worth it.
5	I absolutely love this place. After my short trip to Korea... I was on a hunt for some authentic Korean food, --and this place hit the spot. I love how they stay open late and it's in a good area away from the strip. The food is great, especially the pork belly plate! And if you ever order the soju, you definitely get what you pay for and more!
4	My favorite Korean place in Vegas. If you want authentic Korean food, without the grill your own meat style, this is the place. We've been here several times and always try a new dish each time. Ive never had anything here that wasn't good. Our go-to's are the bulgogi and kim chee fried rice. Then we always pick a few other dishes. Also comes with bottomless sides (kim chee, pickled daikon, etc.) Very friendly service, 4 stars only because the last two visits the servers were a little slow to get us drinks, sides. Also not enough indoor seating. But would DEFINITELY reccommend this place to anyone.
5	This place brings back memories of my childhood in Korea. I love how they decorated the place! The food is also great! My favorite dishes are cheese chicken katsu, bosam and ramen dukboki. I also love drinking their yogurt soju!! MUST TRY EVERYONE!
2	Came here last night post Terry Fator with some of my favorite Yelpers. Kudos for the staff for letting us take over the patio. We were loud and obnoxious, so we all had a fabulous time.The only Korean food I have ever encountered was the BBQ; who doesn't like grilled meats? Anyway, not knowing anything, I let the experts order. I for the most part had no idea what I ate. None of it stuck because I didn't particularly care for it. The beef nonsoup dishes were the best, although not memberable. I found the tastes to be either lackluster, underwhelming, or just spicy. Nothing that really hit it out of the ballpark for me or piqued my interest in venturing into Korean cuisine anytime soon or ever again for that matter.Service was alright. We had to constantly ask for more silverware, more cups, more tea, more almost everything. I think this is mainly because we were the overzealous group on the patio. Soyo, more like a SOY-NO. Kimchi is not for me.
4	Soyo Korean Barstaurant is a hidden gem in the Southwest part of Las Vegas! Miss this place sooooo much!My wife and I used to go to Soyo at least 2x a month when we lived in Las Vegas, because it was 10 minutes away from us. It is always open pretty late too, so we went for lunch, dinner, or a late night meal. We always ordered the same thing every time we came to eat: I would order the "L.A. Gaal Bi" (this is the actual name of the dish there) and my wife would get the "Soon Doo Boo JJI Gae" (this is the spicy tofu soup and she would get it with seafood). My short ribs were always pretty tasty, although they may not be the best that I've ever had. That dish only costs $15 though, which is cheaper than a lot of other Korean restaurants in town. The seafood tofu soup, on the other hand, is one of the best ones we've ever tried and it's only $8! So you definitely won't break the bank at Soyo!We've gone a couple other times, and tried some of the other dishes, which we weren't as fond of, like the "Kong Naa Mool O Jing Uh Saam Gyup Saal" (bean sprout and pork belly casserole). First of all, this dish has the longest name ever, and it is an enormous dish, but the taste is just ok. Also, it's one of the more expensive dishes on the menu at $23.00.Anyway, this was always one of our favorite places to go eat when we were in Las Vegas, and now we miss it dearly. We try to make time for it when we fly back to Vegas every once in a while, but I wish there was a Soyo in the Bay Area. Affordable and tasty. Good service, and really cool divey atmosphere. Check it out!
5	I love how they decorated the place!! This place brings back memories of my childhood in Korea. The food is also great! My favorite dishes are cheese chicken katsu, bosam and ramen dukboki. I also love drinking their yogurt soju! MUST TRY EVERYONE!
5	I love the food here. Probably my favorite korean place to go in Vegas. Best dishes to order - the korean style wings, the traditional seafood pancake, and the short rib stew. *drooool* getting hungry just thinking about the food here. They also serve their teas in cute little tin dog dishes, and the ambiance is nice and chill. Lots of kpop in the background with nice lighting. Great place to hang with friends.
5	Great place for real Korean food. Not the Korean BBQ places that seem to dominate this town. The casseroles are especially good and large enough for two people to share.
5	Great Korean food away from Spring Mnt. Road, in the SW valley.The staff is amazing, friendly, fast and patient, as we usually sit around and talk too long before we ever look at the menu.The food is great, not as good as my wife's halmoni, but much much better than other places we have ate at.The Bibimbap came in a sizzling hot pot, and the rice on the bottom had the crispy goodness. The portion size was enough for 2, and what we didn't finish became breakfast the next morning.I had the Bibim Naeng Myeon... Great tasting spicy cold noodles, with enough kochujang to give it a great kick!The Kimchi Bokeumbap was outstanding, enough for 3 to share.Highly recommend
4	My favorite Korean Barstaurant in town!They're atmosphere is so cute. Remind me of old school Izakaya in Japan. I guess it's similar in Korea too:)They have cute tiny booth among the wall and outside seating also.My favorite is Kimchi pancake! And Bulgogi:)All of their side dishes taste great too:)I'm not a big drinker so I don't usually drink here. Although it's "Barstaurant" you can just come here to dine in which is nice:) Only thing I don't like about this place is, their music could be too loud sometimes. They play sort of Korean dance music and I don't like that kind of music:( I don't mind Korean restaurant playing Korean music. It's just that type of music playing loud isn't make dining here a great experience for everybody:(
5	I often go there to have dinner past 10pm.  Fun place that's a nice change of pace here in Vegas.  Yogurt Soju and Wings with Special Sauce ftw!
5	You had me at K-pop on the speakers. Food: Good. (Ive had better Korean) Vibe: Awesome (christmas lights, inside, cool trinkets on walls, feel-good music)Staff: GreatBottom line: You want to get a few Sapporos and a spam casserole with friends, you come here.
2	My experience with Soyo was disappointing.  I ordered two items from the tapas section of the menu--chicken gizzards with garlic and onion and son doo boo.  The chicken gizzards were good, chewy but that's the nature of the meat.  The son doo boo is supposed to be in beef broth.  The water the two pieces of tofu rested in shouldn't be referred to as broth.  Broth connotes some type of meat/fish flavor.  This had none.  It was merely a watery dish with a side of hot dipping sauce.It was the wrong day to go to Soyo.  The place is very small.  The tables are such that it's not a good place for a person eating alone.  I was there a little after 5:30 and there were only a few people in the restaurant.  Within a very short time, young people getting dinner before going to EDC came in and I was taking up a table that could seat four or even six.  There was an error with my order and rather than have them bring the correct item ordered, I hurriedly finished and paid the bill so someone else could have the table.There are too many good choices out there.  Soyo won't be a do over for me.
5	Loved it very nice staff explained everything to me the food was hot the beer was cold they bring every table like 4 or 5 different sides to eat and this rice water had the kimchi pancake and some wings all was very good!
4	Hands down! Bomb korean food! Awesome service! Great prices! And lively environment! Las Vegas is a city filled with lots hole in the walls and this is a "must" try! We will definitely come back for more from their large selection menu. Some infused korean food with a twist but mostly keep it traditional korean food!
3	This place is cute and comfy. They give you a house made iced tea right when seated and you drink it out of a little kitty bowl (as I'd like to call it). They're Korean BBQ is good but I've had better. Their noodles are yummy too. I couldn't finish my meal. We also got the yogurt saki. Very sweet but stilll horribly disgusting (for me). Had a fun time with my friend though!
4	They did not skimp on the alcohol content in my soju!I actually had to ask them to add more soda for me.I love the atmosphere here.  It's off the strip (Rainbow, south of the 215) and the music is bumping.  It's so cute on the inside!My husband likes the katsu and the short ribs look really good.  The soup and plain pancakes are just ok.I just really enjoy this cool hang out spot with the option to eat, drink, and be merry...without costing the commercial cost and feel of the Las Vegas Strip.  Love this BARstaurant!
3	Ambiance is great! That's actually what keeps me coming back for my takeout. But for authentic Korean food, not exactly authentic. Everything I've tried has been pretty mediocre. Honestly Greenland Supermarket food court is better than this place! Service is spot on though!!
4	This place is really cool to go to the ambience is decorated like a Korean hang out you can get lost by looking around with all the decorations the food is amazing there are multiple decisions that you can go super wild or super tame just depends on how your taste buds are working that day
5	LOVE this place. Tasty, good service, great atmosphere. Plus you can win back part of your bill, extra soju, or even a kiss from the staff.
4	So we've been here a few times and I think this place is awesome when you want to hang out with your significant other or a group of people especially if you can get into those private booths..I think if they whole restaurant was like that then people would totally appreciate it more. The dishes here are definitely different than your typical Korean restaurant. They specialize in tapas and I enjoy it every time. What I always tend to order here is the chicken wings,bibimbap, the tofu soup, and I always tend to try something different everytime I come here. I also enjoy the Korean side dishes that come with your mealThe staff is always friendly here and they don't really rush you even you eat here. And the barley tea that you drink with metal bowls definitely gives it the touch of originality. Don't be afraid to try this place but always try to eat here when it's not busy because most of the time it is. Great thing too is they're open late. The best thing is whenI get my check is where my total is about $50 for two people with alcohol and I felt like I sure like 10 different dishes. And with enough food to take home. We'll be back to eat some more when we are in the mood for Korean food.
4	The first time I went in it looked weird and I had lots of doubts, but after ordering a few dishes and an amazing seafood soup which they brought in a pot and burner right to the table with some beer we were hooked. Nice and simple place with outdoor patio seating available and fun experience.
2	The service here is AMAZING but the food so-so.the servers were very understanding, just have no idea about the food?we were a 5 top and not one person enjoyed their meal.... ehhhh
4	Came here for dinner last night with Ardie Y and my favorite Korean, Stephanie K. It was my 1st time at Soyo and I can already say I'm a fan and will be back. I loved the decor and atmosphere/vibe of the place which seemed really different for a small Korean restaurant. I also liked that they have both indoor and outdoor seating.I don't know much about Korean food but a lot of things on the menu sounded good so I had trouble deciding on what to get. I eventually went with the bibimbap, which was certainly interesting...It's not that I didn't like it, I just don't think it's for me. Eating a mashed up bowl of various items makes it hard to discern and taste exactly what I'm eating and it really didn't taste like anything to me except hot sauce. Aside from that, their food presentation is really nice and no matter what you order, everything looked pretty damn good when looking around. I also tried the kimchi fried rice, which was extremely greasy but oh so delicious, and some Korean dumplings (no idea what they're called) that were pretty tasty.Service was excellent, especially for an Asian restaurant since I'm usually not expecting any service at all. We were constantly checked on and new carafes of tea were being brought over before we could finish ours. I already have a list of things I want to try next time around, be back soon Soyo!
3	If my rating was strictly based on the food, this place would probably get 4 stars from me.When we got here, the restaurant was pretty slow. Slow, as in only 2 tables occupied. However, the 2 groups here were Korean, so that's a pretty good sign in my book. We stood around for a few minutes before anyone came out from the back and told us we could seat ourselves. Throughout the service, our waitress seemingly had more important things to do than check in on us, because we always felt like we were waiting for her to come out so we could flag her down. When we were all done with our meal, we had to walk over toward the kitchen to ask another employee for the to-go boxes and our check. We were the only table in the restaurant at this point. It turns out that our waitress was sitting out of view, texting/gaming/whatever on her phone in one of the booths for the entire time. When she poked her head out and saw us, she just slid back into the booth and went back to her phone.Relatively poor service aside, the food was fantastic. It was super authentic (not some sad American rendition of Korean cuisine), and the prices were great. We had far more than enough food for two people, and didn't hurt inside when we got the bill. My friend said that she had great service the last time she had been there, so I'm hoping this was just a one-time bad day for service. I'll definitely be willing to give this place another go next time I'm up in the Rainbow area.
4	Went out on a date for dinner, and it was a great experience. The prices are not so bad and the staff is very kind! I love their tofu soup especially. Great place for dates!
5	A long drive from our end of the strip, $45 cab ride so quickly became the most expensive Korean meal ever. A small place in a strip mall full of Koreans, young and old eating masses of food. Twinkly lights and a hippyish vibe.  Great. friendly service, we had pork belly, blood sausage, pancake, bulgogi, big portions that lasted a couple of days.  This blood sausage was the best I have had in a long time.  Washed it down with a bottle of lychee martini - yes a bottle - see picture and barley tea in little metal cups.  No-one chased us off when we had finished and had to wait for a taxi even though they were busy.  I love this place.  All for $60.
4	Good vibes. Pork belly dish was good. Came with the house salad. Also the sweet and spicy pork was bomb. Recommend getting the sweet and spicy pork if you're hungry. Service was good. Got our food pretty fast with all the side dishes.
4	I have been dining at this restaurant for many years. Generally speaking, I think 4 stars is right on the money.First of all, this may be the best Korean dining room in Vegas. And, it would be hard to argue against that. Upon entering, one could be forgiven if they thought they were mistakenly transported to a hole in the wall joint in Seoul. The year round Christmas lights emphasizes that fact.The service here is also pretty good. The servers are very attentive as well. They will constantly refill the water and ask to refill the banchan side dishes if needed.Food wise, I wouldn't say it's the best, but it's good. They give great "bang for your buck" value. Don't be fooled by the "tapas" menu, these are entree sized portions! My favorite item to get here is the soondae bokeum (pork blood sausage that is spicy stir fried with veggies). That's a hard dish to find in this town, and they do it pretty well except that it's a bit too spicy for me, and that the veggies aren't as crisp as I would have liked.I will continue to come here. Great value, ambiance, and a great place for something that's definitely a little bit different, but very good all around!
1	I had come here because my friend had brought me here, and I had enjoyed the atmosphere the moment I had stepped in. There was only a few other parties when I had come in at the time, and we were seated almost immediately. We were given cute water cups, and I had to take my time deciphering the menu, as many of the menu choices had looked the same to me. I had settled with a menu item that was taped in the front, which was either a new addition or a special. The bulgolgi that came with it was what sold me.The sides had been served first, as expected of most Korean restaurants, and then my dish, along with my friend's had come at the same time. My dish had come lukewarm, but I had disregarded that fact because I was very hungry and could not wait any longer to eat. The dish was nice, and I had enjoyed the egg noodles and the bulgolgi very much, along with the macaroni salad, kimchi, and rice. I had enjoyed it so much, after I had gotten full I had asked for a to-go box, which is something I rarely ask for.I would've given this place five stars but...Almost two days later, I had come down with diarrhea, followed immediately by a high fever. I suspected that it was food poisoning, and I had later went to the doctor, who had confirmed that I had salmonella. I had wondered what restaurant had given me food that would contain it, but I didn't have to dig deep. My brother had been stricken with food poisoning too, and when I had asked him if he had eaten the leftovers that I had brought home, he said he did. I will never eat here again.
5	This Korean restaurant was introduced to me by my boyfriend. I cannot exaggerate this enough but this place by far is one of my favorite "to-go-to" restaurants on a weekly basis. It's close by, the atmosphere is very welcoming and bubbly, their service is great, the decor is definitely Korean/Japanese themed so it's quite cute. They do have a bar I've noticed but because I'm under the drinking age limit, I'm prohibited otherwise. But just in case anyone would like to know, there is a bar and outdoor seating! If you like Korean cuisine and their culture, this is a definitely must go to restaurant! Prices are great too and their food is mouth-watering! I love this place!
5	I have been here at least 5 times and the food is always top notch.  I have tried the lunch specials and happy hour and I have always been pleased.  The sashimi an rolls are out of this world.  This is my go-to spot for Japanese cuisine!
3	Food is okay, not BAD but definitely not The best lve had (lm Korean so lm a hard sell) Kalbi left something to be desired and the prices are a lot steeper than average
3	Soyo is probably one my favorite korean restaurants in town. I really like their mini arcade machines as well near the entrance, it seriously reminds me of the last time i went to korea for a visit, it makes me really nostalgic. The interior is pretty nice, authentic korean feel, and even has outdoor seating. Now for the serious stuff, we ordered the cheese corn, kimchi fried rice, spicy sea food udon, spicy rice cake, and bulgogi. Bulgogi is hard to ever really mess up, their spicy udon and rice cake was great, reminded me of home and not too chewy. Portions for their entrees are very good and pricing is pretty decent considering it fed 4 people.
4	Ambiance: 4 - This restaurant is definitely very interesting. The words that I would use to describe it is almost hole-in-the-wall chic or very Asian hipster almost. It is a very relaxed and chill place and will remind you of a hangout. The place is sort of medium-small and there aren't that many tables, but it has a lot of character inside. Service: 5 - Servers were very good! They were always checking up on us to see if we were okay or needed more drinks or food. Also, check out was very fast!Food: 4 - I really liked the food, even though it wasn't the best kalbi that I've had. It could have been more tender, but it was good regardless because it came out steaming and hot--it was very satisfying! Probably the best thing about this restaurant had to be the drinks. Everything was served really cleanly and orderly, and it really added to their presentation. Instead of water, they serve Barley Tea, which is cold and refreshing! We also tasted the Lychee Soju, which is probably now one of my favorite Asian alcoholic drinks. So tasty and flavorful--plus, you get a good amount. I can't wait to go back!! I loved the crowd and the atmosphere; it truly is a really cool place to be~!
5	I love this place! Such a cute dining room that feels like Korea.. Ok maybe I haven't been there before lol, but that's how I'd picture it. It has a large menu of yummy Korean dishes. My favorites are:- chicken wings (both garlic & Korean are great but I prefer the garlic)- bulgogi jap chae (Korean noodles)- laa bok e (rice cakes, fish cakes, kimchee/veggies, and ramen in sweet spicy sauce. FYI, it's HUGE!!! And only $10)- kimchee fried rice- kimchee jjigae
4	The atmosphere is very chic and contemporary with a hint of Korean tradition and culture, transporting you to a completely different world. Paired with excellent service and delicious food, this is a must for people who want to get a taste of the Korean culture, and explore something new. The only thing that would keep it from the perfection of 5 stars is that the waiters and waitresses can take a while to gain their attention and sometimes there is a feeling of u cleanliness especially when you're sitting in their outside patio area, but that however does not take from the high quality food of the restaurant.
4	The atmosphere here is great. The set up makes you feel like you're in an actual Korean restaurant. Came here with my mom on a weekday and it was slow, but I think it's due to the fact that people come here to drink at night more than to eat. Came here based on my Korean friend's recommendation because I had wanted to try some actual Korean food rather than KBBQ all the time. The barley tea is sooo good. You drink them with a bowl too! Ordered:-Fish Cake soup-Spicy rice cake-KBBQI enjoyed the fish cake soup, it was something new. The KBBQ was good as wellI was excited to try spicy rice cake for the first time and was disappointed. The portion size was huge and I barely ate it due to the fact that it was EXTREMELY sweet. There was no hint of spice. We couldn't handle the sweetness of the dish so it went to waste. (Btw, I've had better spicy rice cake experiences now in order to know that this place isn't right)The portion sizes are great for the price you pay for. Although the KBBQ portion was a tad small. Our waiter was extremely nice and continuously checked up on us. The restaurant is clean as well. It was however a bit dark though.
5	Let me start by saying that before coming here I did not like korean food at all.  I used to work downtown and tried several korean restaurants there and did not like any of them.  This place broke through that for me, possibly my palate has evolved, or maybe this place is just really good.  Either way I now have gochujang and kimchi in my fridge at home.I have been here at least half a dozen times, and tried many things on the menu and so far everything has been great.  The service is great and the atmosphere is great for a quiet lunch during the day, or going out for drinks with friends at night.   I particularly liked their budae jjigae, extremely spicy chicken, corn cheese, beef short ribs, rice skewers, and their banchan is always good.A word of warning, if the food is flagged as spicy, it will be pretty spicy.
2	First off, if you're not Korean or know anyone that works there then good luck on getting decent service. The waitress we had is obviously new, I know this because I come here a lot to know, also because her lack of knowledge of the food & drinks. She described the new soju as a lemon soju. I think it was called soyo soju something like that. It was either straight up soju with a lemon inside or soju & water with a lemon inside. Definitely not a lemon flavored soju. Big difference. She also didn't know what crab came in the seafood mixture. It's blue crab. Or a crappy version of a blue crab. Couldn't get meat at all because it was so small. It's really there for show, ha.Our waitress didn't even know what food was what either. If I would say "No. 39" she would ask "What's that?" then as I describe what's in it, she would look at me like she didn't know what I was talking about. I'm obviously not Korean so I can't pronounce the name. Just write down the number & look at the menu in the back.We were attended by the veteran waitress more than our own. I don't know her name, but she's the reason why they received 2 stars & not one.But every single time I go there they lack in refilling drinks & service.Also, we spent $180? Something like that, for 4 people, just so we could spin the wheel. My friend went up to spin the wheel & supposedly it landed on "nothing". Excuse me, why is that even an option? & why isn't it in english? They could be ripping you off & you wouldn't even know it. If we're spending that much money there that shouldn't be an option.As for the food, normally I leave happy or at least satisfied..but the last time just wasn't satisfying at all. & we ordered a lot of food.This review is mostly on service. I make a big deal about the refill on the drinks because their food is spicy, but good & to always have to flag our server down for a refill is complete utter bull shit.But me & my friends get bad service all the time. I've noticed that if you're not Korean or friends with someone there, you're not getting service. Actually the one time I received good service was when a server named Iris was working. I hope that gets better because I wouldn't mind coming back....Just not with the server we had last time.By the way, it wasn't busy. There were 2 parties inside & one on the patio. So dinner rush was obviously not the reason for the lack of service.
5	I love this place! The korean food is awesome, soju drinks are delish, the decor is so cool, and I love the rice tea and drinking it out of the tin cups! Wish there was a happy hour...but it's open until 3am! Great for hangovers and after clubbing!
4	Yum! I always get the gaal bi and cheese don katsu.  I tried the fried rice and that was excellent as well.
3	If I had reviewed Soyo in the past, I would have given four stars. My revisit yesterday was not inspiring. The kitchen was slow. Our meals did not arrive at the same time and they forgot a dish.Soyo has a wonderful design and good intentions, they just need to step up the service and pay attention to the finer details.
4	We came on a Friday evening and ordered1. 2 pitchers - 11-13/per pitcher. Barley tea. 2. Kim chi fried rice, 73. French fries, 44. 2 order of Korean-style fried chicken, 12ea 5. Spicy seafood soup, 8?6. Jap chae, ? 7. 2 order of pork belly with fried garlic and salad, 15ea 8. 2 orders of corn cheese, 6 9. dicon, kim chi, radish, other banchan For 8 people, it came out to about $160.- We sat in the patio area. Comfortable. Christmas lights. Pretty. haha. - Video games while you wait. nice. classics. - Ban chan was tasty. K town worthy. - Corn cheese was interesting. Expensive. Canned corn with mozzorella cheese. - Friend claims that there fries are different than any other, but honestly, it tasted average to me. - Korean style fried chicken was delicious. Definitely a must-get. Reminded me of Best of the Best Quality Chicken, BBQ. K style chicken. - Seafood soup was extra spicy. Almost bothersome. HAHA. But very good. - Pork belly was great. Not much fat. Cut in small pieces. Well worth it. - Come only in groups. I'd think twice coming as a couple just for taste. Fun atmosphere.
2	I LOVE Soyo and would normally give it 5 stars without a doubt, but my last visit was simply disappointing. I came with 3 other people and we all ordered at the same time. We ordered the bossam (steamed pork with cabbage and radish kimchi), tondak (fried cornish hen), two kalbi tangs (beef shortrib soup) and a yukejang (spicy beef soup). They brought out the banchan and the water quickly, but we were waiting for our food for FOREVER. We were waiting at LEAST 25 minutes when they usually take about 10. I ordered the bossam, and it was the only dish that didn't come with the rest of the orders. They assured me that it was on the way and that the kitchen was backed up, which was understandable. I waited at least 20 more minutes before the dish was finally served to us. By then, the rest of my party had finished their soup and I just ate some of their food since I was starving, so by the time the dish came, I just took it to go since I didn't want the rest of my party to awkwardly sit there waiting for me to eat. Also, the yukejang was missing beef when it is basically the most important part of the dish. How the heck did that happen?!  They also messed up our check by switching it with another table's check somehow, AND they misplaced our ticket, so they weren't sure how much change to give us. Super disorganized and the waitresses definitely lacked communication.I hate having to give them less than 5 stars, but this last visit was extremely disappointing since they normally have stellar food and service.
4	So from the yelp pics I was a little reluctant to give this place a shot. Decided to try out this place I have to say this place is nicely put together the service was good and food was really good we had the kimchi pancake, bim bim bop and the bulgogi all were excellent. Drinking out of the tin cup was kind of weird Definitely would go back!!!
5	Love this place :) I go here on various occasions. I love the fact that I can enjoy a nice Korean meal without being overpriced like Chinatown and the strip. Wished they had jajamyeon though because I have never tried it and would like to here. But the other options on the menu are really good like their Bimibap and Kimchi Jun is delicious. Go here :) cause I recommend this place cause it's one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas!!!!
5	Yes! Not just a great restaurant, but a great Korean restaurant! Immediately greeted with no wait to sit down at around 830 PM! I love the Korean pop music playing in the background and the video games while you wait. Drinks were served promptly and I really appreciated that the server repeated our order to make sure he got it right. Food came out promptly and was awesome!!! I ordered the jap-chae that was cooked perfectly and everyone said that their food was cooked perfectly as well! I absolutely love all of the sides that come with every meal. Portions are just right and everything tastes fresh!The yogurt soju was made just right. Lychee was a little too tart for my taste but the alcohol to juice ration was nice. The service was excellent and it was a plus that they were really personable and even joked around with us. A+! See you next time Soyo!
2	I order a Korean BBQ dish and It came as a soup.   Nothing mentioning "soup" is in the menu description.   What I can only assume is the manager came out and told me "it's the same".   This knuckle head is trying to convince me that BBQ and soup is the same?Then another time, I ordered short ribs.   I had to argue with the staff that I was given only bones.  I know Korean short ribs and they had bones on my plate.   If I want more meat per bone ratio, staff actually told me that I had to place another order.  Not acceptable.   They came out with the proper portion after I cancelled my order.  The few time I am there, I am greeted by untrained wait staff.   They do not greet and seat you immediately.   They do not bus tables.  They take your order and pretty much forget about you.   I feel the staff hides in the kitchen.   They do make a good spicy Glass Noodle dish.   Music it too loud.   There were curse words in some of their lyrics they were oblivious to when young children were there.Maybe my bases of comparison of other Korean restaurants from other states and countries sets higher standards, but I truely feel Soyo is taking advantage of their "guests".
3	I wish yelp allowed half stars. I would give it a 3.5. Depending on what you order, some dishes are either a 3 or 4 for me. Most of them a 3. Service is hit or miss, depends how busy they are. However when I pick up food, it's always ready.RE: Pick up orders. I wish they would give more rice for some of the soups/stews. I got sullongtang (ox bones soup) to go and ended up making rice. I think double the rice would be sufficient.RE: Appetizers & Main dishes. I wasn't a fan of their mandoo (dumplings), spicy, marinated chicken wings, haemul jun gol (seafood casserole), mussels soup, and kimchi chigae but I like their sullungtang, omelette rice, and corn cheese. Their kimchi bokkumbap and soon tofu were alright. I forgot what else I ordered from here even though I've been here more than ten times.RE: Banchan. Probably one of the better selections of side dishes that Korean restaurants in Vegas offer for the most part except their kimchi. It can be a hit or miss depending on what type they serve.RE: Drinks. I like that they give you a complimentary plastic bottle of boricha (barley tea). They sell decent beers along with soju too. The manager gave me a carafe of complimentary yogurt (or was it lemon?) soju when they first opened so that's always welcomed!
4	First time coming here, it has a very authentic Korean vibe. Right when you walk in my wife and I were greeted by the staff. However we weren't seated though. We sat at the booth. The food was delicious! We ordered spicy chicken mozzarella, bibimbap, and the garlic chicken wings.
4	Went there for lunch with a friend today at noon. It is not very big and not crowded. I had the "spicy and hot veggie and beef with clear noodle", it is tasty and hot. The flavor is good. Also tired the Kim chi pancake, I liked it too. Not greasy. My friend ordered the tofu pot, she likes it too.Since there are only two waitress and waiter, so the service is not very fast, It took us about an hour to get out,
5	The Cheese Bool Daak is a true 5 Star dish! If you like spicy this is the one to try. Their Gaal Bi Tang is awesome also. Will be back soon...
4	The food is delicious! Interior design is cute! The service and price is great! I would definitely recommend this place to my family and friends.
4	Absolutely love their beef bulgogi stew! Brought my mom and sister here and they loved it as well :) wait times can vary though, but it sure is well worth the wait!
5	One if my favorite Korean restaurants here in Vegas. Love the BBQ ribs and garlic squid! I Always bring my family and friends here to get some grub, plus they are closer to my house.
5	I love their food!! No wonder they have so many customers right after they opened!! We waited them to open at 11:30AM after Run or Dye 5k Run. We got there around 11:20AM. Door was opened so we walked in and they said we have to go outside and wait..-_-;; I didn't understand that part because why didn't they lock it until 11:30 to open the restaurant if you don't want us to walk in.. right? Well.. but I know they do have lots of customer and they have good food so me and my group of people were just waiting outside for like 5-7 minute and finally we just walked in and they let us seat.After we got the table.. the service was really fast and good setup.They knew what they're doing and of course, food was great! we were the first customer and people started coming in and it was almost packed after an hour.It was only 2 people serving at the time but they knew what they're doing.Everything was so fast and guy there, he was really smart to remember(Well, got  95% right) everyone who ordered what when we asked for separate checks.Good food and good service!! I like Soyo!
5	Legit Korean food by anywhere's standard. We ordered kalbi and hae mul jungol, both are super delish. Kalbi is tender and flavorful, and the jungol was spicy and the flavor was on point. Kimchi was great too. Though this is a barstaurant blasting with kpop, we came with our almost 2 year old and were completely welcomed. In fact, they were more accommodating of her than some other restaurants. The staff was fast and helpful- we never had to ask to get our tea filled. It felt like they left us alone to eat but the second we need something they were right next to us to help. Seriously love this place- atmosphere, service, food and all. We will be back again and again when we are in vegas!
4	Fried mandu, beef tofu soup, and the spicy chicken with mozzarella.There's your extra star, Soyo. Because the boyfriend and I were totally full afterwards!
5	This place is fantastic! 6 visits over the last 3 months from lunch to late night and every one has been better than the previous. It has a pretty cool vibe (tho some of the music is questionable). Delicious food, reasonable prices and incredibly attentive service makes this place top notch. And business hours make it available to everyone. Highly recommend.
5	If you're hungry in the middle of the night then this is the place to go! It's open late night and has great Korean food. I love their variety of soups they have and different tapas. I love their spicy need soup and I love their soon tofu. Their spice levels perfectly spicy where you can actually feel DA HEAT. They also have this deal when you spend $40 you can spin for free food or discounts! So when I spun the wheel I won a free soju bottle!
5	Been going to Soyo for more than 4 years. I absolutely loved everything about this place. This is the place I go when I want to drink. They carry Soju, Bokbunja, plum wine, Korean beers, etc. Very friendly staff and great manager. Consistency of the service is always present. I guess proper training from the management make that possible. They offer great appetizers such as Kimchi pancake and corn cheese. Overall, this is the place to get Soju in case you want to get to know a little bit about Korean food or culture.
1	Please if u are not korean, or dont look korean, avoid this place! U will get 3rd class treatment. Service was horrible but the people next to me got it made like vip. We waited at our table for 35 mins on this 1 bottle of tea, and never came back. We walked up outta there after yelping another korean restaurant. I repeat, NON KOREANS, avoid this one.
1	Horrible customer service!!I understood first time, but this is second time. They were working like a robot. No server smiled at all, and they seemed like they were trying not to see other tables while they were working.No one checked our table even though there were a few  servers. Our side dishes were empty 20minutes ago, but still no server came. The restaurant didn't seem to be busy (only about 10 tables) but the servers were busy.  All they care was a table with a big check so they can get a big tip. If you are going this restaurant only for dinner, you will be unwelcomed and treated like beggers.
5	Very good Korean food. We had beef bulgogi and spicy pork ribs. It was quite spicy so be ready for that. Although not near as hot as some thai food I've had, it doesn't make me sweat.  Only thing I could complain about is not as many side dishes as most places but they were very good. Overall highly recommended a lot of authentic dishes that are hard to find.
3	01/26/2011I'm all for supporting my neighborhood shops & restaurants, so when I took notice of this establishment I told the hubby that we got to go try it. When we first walked in the hubby & I didn't know what to make of the place because it was blaring club music. To make the situation more confusing was the interior decor, it was very nostalgic. But the hubby appreciated it as he noticed the old TV in a wooden box that took him back when he was a kid, so I get it.I appreciated that we were seated and served our drinks right a way, but the service from there went down hill (Thus I'm giving this place a 3) I'm big on service so even if a restaurant has less than quality food but have exceptional service encourages me to want to come back. For me the menu was a little confusing and felt that it could be more descriptive or perhaps our server could have go over it with us or suggest some items. Anyway, here is what we ordered:* Kimchi Jjigae (w/pork) $8- This was very good. But I don't know if they were being skimpy on the meat because it was chopped up very small I hardly notice the meat in it. * Galbi $12-  This was very delicious. The meat was thick and juicy =P* Potato pancakes $9- I never tried this before so I didn't know what to expect. It was the last thing to come out as the server explained that it takes a little more time because they have to smash the potato's. With that in mind I thought it should be good then cause they make it from scratch. I was totally wrong. Right when it was set on the table I was already disappointed as you can see the 4 pancake size potato's was very oily. It came with some dipping sauce that was just soy sauce mixed with sriracha and was the only thing that gave it any flavor. I think Soyo is more a great place to go with friends, hangout and drink, rather a place to go have a lovely nice dinner with a love one.
5	I've been here a few times recently and believe that a 5 star review is definitely fitting. I love the atmosphere- enough of a "bar" vibe to be fun and still be appropriate to bring my son.The cheeky metal beverage bowls are cute to drink from. The barely tea is a nice and refreshing departure from standard tap water.  I never know what I'm going to get so we just randomly order items. Most of them are all hits. I always get the Korean chicken wings to start since it's definitely a must-have item. I need to know how to make that yummy red sauce pronto! You can slather it on anything and it would be good. Matter of fact, I happened across these little fried rice roll skewers slathered in this sauce and it was oh so good! I forgot what they were called but I'm sure the really nice and cute waitresses can tell you. I've ordered the dumplings a couple of times which are good. I've had the grilled mackerel once before and it was ok. Probably can do without that....very basic seasoning most likely just S&P. Kalbi ribs are wonderfully flavored and not too fatty and grisly like some places. The latest and yummiest discovery was the spicy squid. It came wrapped in tinfoil swimming in a delicous sauce. The squid was grilled but still very tender. There were loads of roasted garlic in it which lent to the robust flavor and also some vegetables I enjoyed but can't recall. Anyway get this! Eat it over rice drizzled with the sauce and you'll have a good day!
5	Thank God I don't have to drive all the way down to Chinatown for some good Korean food. You taste nothing short of authentic from a place that's located in the suburbs and the fact that they're open late every night deserves a five star review in my book.Everything that I've had is good. I have literally tried everything on the menu and only found myself not liking one thing- the wings (which were unexpectedly sweet). But take my word when I say that EVERYTHING is amazing here. I'd rather have you go and try it out yourself than to base your decision on a review.Service is always friendly as well. They seem to love their job and quite attentive whenever you need them to be (like a refill on their barley tea- so good!). The prices are very reasonable for the quality as well and this is something I cannot stress enough when I'm obsessing over a restaurant.The only thing that they could change is the loud music they're blasting late at night. I usually come here unwinding down before heading home from work and hearing EDM is the last thing that I would want to hear. Other than that, this place is fantastic! Go see for yourself.
5	Just had dinner here after driving from strip. Well worth the drive. Excellent bulgogi and Kalbi along with kimchi fried rice. The service was very good and impressed with the friendliness of the staff. Will return on my next trip to Vegas!
4	Prior to driving over from our hotel, my wife called to confirm that our restaurant.com certificate would be accepted since Soyo no longer participates in the program.  We were assured it would as long as it was issued prior to 6/20/14 - mine was purchased 6/19/14.  Shortly after being seated, we received complimentary bowls of barley tea and 6 banchan.  After reviewing the menu we settled on spicy pork ribs with spicy Korean BBQ sauce, kimchi fried rice with egg and spicy grilled chicken with mozzarella.  Each dish was very good as was the service.
5	I have been looking for Gam Jaa Taang since I left Korea. I found it... Hell Yeah!!! It is a cure all soup.
4	Me and girlfriend ate here a few month back and remember we had a great experience. The place was clean, not too noisy, great theme, slightly dim and good customer service. It's not your typical Korean spot at your local chinatown.
5	Got some kimchi fried rice, spicy tofu soup, and kalbi ribs to go and everything is delicious. The soup is nice and hot, but not so hot you can't eat it and the spicy lvl is just right. The ribs are a tiny bit over done, but the flavor made up for it. Then the fried rice was a lil on the sweeter side for me but when mixed with some spicy soup it's great. Service was quick, friendly, and I was visited by 3 while waiting just to check on me. I'll be back here soon for sure.
5	This place is a COOL place to bring friends and family to enjoy the hip vibe along with excellent food and service.We ordered the Kalbi, #13 spicy tofu with seafood soup, seafood pancake.The spicy soup had the best flavor: so hearty and satisfying.The kalbi was very tasty and rich.The seafood pancake was typical.The side dishes were so delicious.We will definitely come back to this place often.
4	I'm not sure if Soyo is actually a "Vegas staple", but it's definitely a Vegas staple for me since it's one of the first places I ate at when I first moved here and keep on coming back to. Located in an unassuming strip mall (same as Oyshi), Soyo serves up Korean "bar" food late into the night. I've eaten in the patio, in the "upstairs" area with a large group, in the booths, and in the picnic tables in the main floor. The place isn't huge, but they definitely try to use up as much space as possible. My favorite dishes are the garlic chicken wings, tofu soup and corn cheese. The ban chan choices here change periodically - just last night, they had a side dish of this really tender, marinated beef that was really mouth-watering. They do get really busy here, so at times there can be a long wait. I've seen so many different types of people here, which I think goes to show that Soyo is a crowd pleaser. Just last night, I saw the parents of two newborns dining here, so you know the food must be good if they're willing to go out of their way to eat here. They give you barley tea in a tin bowl as soon as you are seated, but hot tea and iced water are available as well. I'm not as big of a fan of the Soju (prefer places in SF more), but this place is a solid Korean option on Westside. I always joke and say "Mashisoyo" (another Korean restaurant) must mean "not as good as Soyo" since this place is so much better than the the former.
5	Very cute place. Lively thematic decor but still very cozy. It was pretty busy when we came but service was still really good.I wish the menu had pictures cause i dont know much about korean food but it had descriptions so that was fine. Checked out pics at yelp and ended up with the Beef with Chive salad. Hubby got the rice cakes, fish cakes, vegetables in spicy sauce. We got the dumplings too. Food was amazeballs!!! Will definitely come back.
5	This place is great! Food comes out fast and ready to eat. The service is amazing and the staff is very helpful. Parking lot was full, which is always a good sign and the wait was under 30 minutes. Next time I come I'll bring at least 8 friends and reserve the special VIP booth.Nothing was bad... in fact every dish was tasty! I recommend the pork belly and you must have the yogurt soju!
4	Sometimes when I eat here, especially when I sit outside in the patio area, I feel like I'm back in Seoul. The decor is cute  and cozy and the employees are all friendly and work quickly.Even the food is authentic. Not many Korean places in Vegas offer pork blood sausage, for example. I generally get the budae jjigae with a friend or two. It's only 20 bucks and comes with sausage, spam, ramen, tofu, rice cake, and a few veggies. To be honest, it's basically glorified shin ramyun, which is why it's so AWESOME. Other notably delicious items include yuk gae jang, cheesy corn, and garlic wings. Everything else I've tried is pretty average, including the naengmyun, soon dubu, and kalbi. They're good, but nothing special.Depending on what you order, the bill can get pricey. Their portions are pretty large though, so great for eating family style.It's open late, which is always a plus.
5	Love love love this restaurant. Everything here is really good. I cannot remember the name of each dish, but, give them all a try. They have a hot plate: octopus and pork, soooooooo goooood!!!!!!!!
5	Love this place.  The booths are totally secluded which is nice,  makes it feel more intimate.  The buckwheat tea is delicious.  We ordered a ton of food and shared. My favorite was the kim chi pancake, delicious!  The spicy chicken was incredibly good as well.  The absolute best thing is the soju. I believe they make it in house.  We had pineapple and lychee. Yum!
4	Went before the dinner crowd at about 5:30pm on a friday, no waiting, we were seated right away.  The Maa Neul chicken wings were to die for.  Had the soon dubu jigae seafood, came with standard bon Chan side dishes, everything was delicious!
3	The atmosphere at Soyo is very upbeat.  I have tried many items on the menu, but I have only one favourite: Aal Baap.  Although the menu seems to offer tons of things, most of the dishes are not amazing.  The bibimbap and soon tofu are also good.The K-Pop music is played quite loudly, and the restaurant itself is very loud.  If you are seeking a more quiet atmosphere, request a booth, because the booths are partly closed off.  It's often crowded at night, especially Saturdays.  There are some people in the staff that are quite courteous and helpful, but there are a few workers that are inefficient and somewhat rude.  The food at Soyo is pretty good, but the atmosphere is loud and some of the staff's behaviour upsetting.
4	This restaurant is great for groups! Outdoor seating option, heated fans, great social environment to sit and enjoy a meal with friends. The Koreans in our group approved of the authentic menu options available here. They giggled at the sight of the barley tea served in the cool metal cups. We were told that they, themselves had never encountered that before. I loved it! Free barley tea. We had a vegetarian in our group and she had no trouble finding things on the menu to serve her needs. She had the bibimbap. I had the tofu soup that contained the traditional Korean fermented soybean paste. The soup base was different than Japanese miso. The Korean version is much more pungent and requires a bit of an adventurous spirit to try, at least that's what my Korean friend sitting next to me said. There were orders of kalbi, mackerel, pork belly. Everyone at the table ordered a diverse selection of dishes and there were  many murmurs of approval during our meal.
5	I didn't expect a good Korean restaurant in Las Vegas but, this is the one. The food was awesome and service was great. I will definitely visit this place again
4	I love this place! The price is right and the food portions are gi-normous. I recommend the kam Ja tang ($23). It's a huge spicey pot of sesame leaves, pork ribs and potatoes. Did I mention, you get free soup refills on this? The service is always great too! Anytime you have a craving for some great Korean food, come here. :) My fellow non-korean people, explore and go on a journey of ecstacy and a long road of palate explosion as you try different things on the menu besides Korean bbq. Now go, my beautiful little grasshopper. :)
5	I was lucky enough to explore Soyo with a loved one, and then come back again with my lovely mother. Both times I got the yukgaejang since it was cold out and I wanted something warm and comforting. This is consistently the spiciest yukgaejang I've had in Nevada (and up there with Phx and LA). My companion got the dolsot bibimbap and mom got the al jigae (fish stew). We got the gamja jun (potato pancake) and it was so thin and crispy and came out with this yummy sauce. Both times a good assortment of banchan came out,  everything looked right, tastes right. The cook's style reminds me of an old favorite from AZ called Seoul Jung way back in the day, very flavorful and spicy, so you're looking at the south western peninsula of Korean cooking. I'm going on a nostalgic tangent. They also have the best pat bing soo I've found since moving here. It's the dessert with shaved ice, red bean, little mochi cakes, fresh fruit, and condensed milk. This one has vanilla ice cream on top! I got to partake in a tradition my mom and I have had, splitting pat bing soo, since I was in high school. A nice thing Soyo does is have cold bori cha (barley tea) at the table for you as soon as you're seated. Barely tea is common in Korean restaurants,  but unfortunately I'm allergic and hope they'll carry green tea or some other alternative soon. Oh! I was telling a story about my dead phone the first time I was here and someone overheard me offering to charge my phone, they have chargers somewhere up front for guests to use. Almost forgot about that detail, it was really thoughtful of them.
4	Tasty and decent value Korean restaurant! The menu is pretty extensive, so everyone can probably find something they'll like. We enjoyed the free barely tea that they served with large tin bowls, which was very refreshing to drink out of after the hot food. There were about five banchan (side dishes), and one of them was an interesting sweet seaweed that I'd never tried before (good with rice). For three people, we ordered::: Popular seafood casserole (really like a hot pot) was huge! There was also a lot of good seafood in there like mussels, prawns, octopus, and salmon. We saw some couples who just ordered that to share.  :: Bulgogi, which was served in in a stone pot with a sweet and salty broth. Definitely needs to be eaten with rice. :: Dol sot (hot stone) bi bim bap was good, nothing to complain about, except it would've been nice for it to come with a fried egg.:: Steamed egg (off menu for $5), which was a mistake as it came out overcooked. It may have been because they don't usually make this dish. They probably forgot about it and left it cooking for too long. It was quite dry and almost green when it was finally served.This was more than enough food for three people and we had a couple of boxes of leftovers (including rice)! It was still good the next day :)
3	Soyo is a pretty decent korean restaurants in town. I really like their mini arcade machines as well near the entrance, it seriously reminds me of the last time i went to korea for a visit, it makes me really nostalgic. The interior is pretty nice, authentic korean feel, and even has outdoor seating. Now for the serious stuff, we ordered the cheese corn, kimchi fried rice, spicy sea food udon, spicy rice cake, and bulgogi. Their food is a little bit intense on the spicy scale and that is saying a lot considering I grew up on Korean food and have a pretty tolerance and love for spicy meals. Their bulgogi plate is hard to ever really mess up so I give it a so so rating and their spicy udon and rice cake was pretty good, it reminded me of home and not too chewy. Portions for their entrees are very good and pricing is pretty decent considering it fed 4 people.
