1	I flew on this airline from Las Vegas to Fort Lauderdale, Florida.  The flight there was horrible....I am 5'9 and my legs did not fit behind the seat in front of me.  On the way back I thought I lucked out  by getting an aisle seat.... only to be delayed at the airport due to the airline holding the plane (while waiting for one of their own connecting flights) for almost TWO hours.  This made the fact that I bought a pricey nonstop flight worthless to me when I ended up sore with black and blue marks on my knees from the flight there, and sick after a 7 hour return trip that should have only taken 4 1/2 hours.  I would NEVER recommend this airline.  (Not to mention any carry on bigger than a back pack, you have to pay to check, even as a carry on, for more than the price it is to check a bag!)
1	I have never had any luck flying Spirit, but what happened to my brother last night takes the cake.  The reason for actually writing a review, I wish I could give zero stars.  My brother flew out last night...Las Vegas to Detroit.  He waited to check his bag for 2 hours, because they were letting another flight skip in front of him.  He is handicapped, only has one leg.  He never uses his handicap, after waiting in line for that long he asked for some assistance or a handicap line.  The Spirit agent told him there was no handicap line and that he should use the leg he had to get through the line.  I will never fly Spirit again and I will tell everyone I can about this.  Spirit Airlines, making comments about someones handicap is going too far.
1	I would not give this airline any stars. I was flying my kids unaccompanied back from dfw. The people on the phone could not give me direct answers so I said screw it I will go to.the airport and book the flight. They were just as vague with their answers. I went american airlines instead and will never use spirit again. They may be cheaper in theory but faster they tack on all their fees they are actually more than the other airlines. Beware!!!
1	First and last time flying with this airline. I went from L.A. to Vegas and back, I had pre-paid for a checked bag both ways (which they told me I should pay/add after I booked the flight and gave them my credit card info). When I got to check in counter I saw the carry on fee was more than the checked bag fee, so I asked to be sure I was good (I had a carry on and a personal bag) I was told it was fine and boarded the plane no problems. The plane was filthy, trash every where, just gross. The seats seem really cramped (more so than other airlines). On the way back from Vegas to L.A. I was told I would have to pay to bring my carry on, when I asked why, I was told that is their policy and I should have been charged on the way there. I asked to speak with a supervisor and the guy said he was the only one available and I was not going to be able to take my bag. All he could do was put me on the next day's plane. When I finally just told him I'd put the contents of my carry on into my other bag and he could keep the bag he said he could check it for me but I couldn't bring it on. There's no reason I shouldn't be able to bring it on, had I brought 5 shopping bags on that would have been fine (as many other people did this and of course stored them in the overhead bins). Once again the plane was cramped and filthy. I will never fly this airline again.
3	My flight LAX to Vegas was not so great, an hour delay and did you know that Spirit's baggage weight allowed is lower than other airlines (already $30 a bag or $40 at the airport if under weight)? Yes, the ticket was only $170 round trip but you don't get service with it. You also don't get an assigned seat unless you want to pay for it.Spirit earns its 3 stars because on my way back to LA I was running extremely late and would not have made my flight if it weren't for a great employee that jumped me to the head of the checkin line. I was pretty grateful.Read more Las Vegas and Los Angeles Reviews on my blog- http://rescuelashelters.wordpress.com/2011/07/06/the-best-of-the-las-vegas-strip/
2	I didn't read any reviews when I bought this ticket from LAS to LAX. I thought it was the cheapest flight, but it was still $100. I realized Southwest had a flight for half the price but it was too late to switch it due to cancellation fees. The airplane was gross. The seats were a hard plastic and dirty. Luckily half of the plane was empty so I got to sit in the row by myself. What concerned me the most however was the noise of the plane before it took off and after it landed. It was this clicking/breaking/ scratching noise and it sounded like the plane was going to break down. I was concerned about this when we took off and am glad to have landed safely. I would not fly this airline again.
1	I will not fly on this airlines again. Terrible service provided by employees who are clearly not caring about delivering good service. Then to get on a plane that was filthy....peanuts in a bag found in the pocket. And the dirtiest seats.   And then they charge you for everything a la carte taken way too far... I will pay extra for better employees and cleanliness
1	Like others said, if I could give negative stars, I would.  Only booked them because it was the cheapest fare...purposely packed everything in a small suitcase so I didn't have to check anything - only to find out they considered my carry-on too big.  $38 to check it.  Which it turns out is actually better than the $40 to carry it on!!  Ridiculous!  Never again.
1	Decided to check out this airline because of the cheaper at advertised prices.  What we felled to see is the crazy charges for everything else.  Any bag over 40lbs-upcharge, Cary on bag above a small in size - upcharge, and any sort of drink - upcharge.  The staff was all very friendly and as far as cost goes it was about the same as the big competitors.  Really no savings.  Both of the planes we flew (round trip) were extremely cramped, and the seats did not recline.  I usually don't recline out of kindness for the people behind me, but these seats were almost completely upright.
1	WOW! Is all I have to say. I have not even got onto my flight yet and I am extremely angry as I write this. I booked a flight from LAS VEGAS to LA to visit my girlfriend. The flight was only $100 round trip. I went on-line to confirm my flight and check in... I had to pay $10 dollars for a seat both ways- so an additional $20 then to even check my bag as a CARRY ON I had to pay $33 each way so an additional $66 My $100 flight turned into almost a $200 flight. It would be nice if companies such as CHEAPOAIR or PRICELINE would advise you that when you book with this company that there will be extra fees. Also my bags were supposed to be $28 a bag but the on-line system charged me $33. I called SPIRIT (which had the most difficult time finding a customer service phone number) to ask them why I am paying more money than what is stated. The lady advised me that if I confirmed my flight 24 hours or less prior to my flight starting, that I had to pay an additional fee for my bag. HOW IS THIS COMPANY STILL IN BUSINESS....? I should have paid $150 with SOUTHWEST who I know I can trust. I have been reading all these reviews - and I am so scared to even get onto my flight..... I am not good with rude customer service.. especially when I am already very upset. Luckily it is only a 1 hour flight- so I should be okay..... If only I would of yelped them prior to booking.... all I saw was CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP rates flashing across the screen... and overlooked and didn't use my YELP. YELP will never fail you, because there are real people with real reviews that you can trust. Next time I will never book anything without reading about it first :(
1	Worst airline ever. I've always flown with either Delta or American Airlines and have never had a problem from point of purchase to the point of return, so I was expecting the same thing when I purchased my tickets on line for Spirit.I had to catch an 8am flight so I arrived at the airport at 7am. The first thing I noticed was that they had no designated kiosks to print off your boarding pass. I remembered from prior visits to that airport that they had general kiosks scattered around the place. I typed my information in and after it showed me all my flight details, when it came time to print,  received the message "error, please see an agent for assistance. I tried again at that kiosk but got the same response as my result.I then had to wait in literally the longest line I could see to talk to a Spirit representative. I didn't make it to the front desk until 7:46..keep in mind I got there at 7am and my flight was at 8am. The lady told me I was too late, but she called upstairs and turns out they didn't even start boarding yet. That was cool for me in this case but overall, that's pretty unprofessional of the airline. I did end up making this flight because they didn't even start boarding until 8:30.I found out why they don't have kiosks though. They make you talk to the representative so they can charge you an extra $40 for your CARRY-ON! No other airline has ever made me pay for my carry-on. I was shocked when she hit me up for it. I ended up spending an extra $80 since I was going round trip on this airline. The only reason I took Spirit airline was because the tickets were cheap. Had I known that they were going to tag close to another $100 in hidden fees on, I would have just bought the more expensive ticket from a trusted airline. I will say that the flight itself was the most turbulent-less flight I've ever been on, but all the other chaos you have to deal with before even getting on the plane doesn't make up for the smooth ride.
1	Spirit airline We had nothing but delays both ways and they were two hour delays the plane was not clean I have nothing good to say about them I would get another airline or would walk over taking then again, plus there was a cup in my chair covered in gum ewwwwww
1	I will never fly Spiirit again...  They say it's cheaper than other airlines but honestly, after all the fees it is about the same price.  They charge you where you sit, they charge you for a carry-on bag, and they charge you for a beverage.  The carry-on charge is more than the check-in luggage, which is ridiculous.  They charge you for a glass of water which is also ridiculous.  The economy seating is awful, my knees were rubbing up against the back of the seat in front of me.  Each time the concession cart came by it hit me in the elbow, while i was trying to sleep in those God awful seats.  I learned my lesson, next time I will go with any airline, at the end of the day, the other airline will probably be cheaper...
1	Worst Airline company ever invented! I signed up for their $9 fare club membership because the one way flight I needed was listed under $9 fare club for members only However when i went to book it the flight came out the $109!! WTF! So i called the customer service department to ask to be refunded and they were like ummm no! The customer service rep was horrible not because he didnt refund me but because he talked to be like I was stupid and like what I was saying made absolutely no sense. So I asked to speak to his manager who told me that I should like the club cuz i get $10 off checked bags...WTF! I only wanted to use it for 1 flight only because Jet Blue was like $180 from vegas to la.....NEVER AGAIN!....EVER! I'd rather walk
1	THIS AIRLINE SUCKS!!!  $40 to take on a carry on bag!!!
2	Gotta tell ya, my first experience with Spirit Airlines was not a pleasant one.  When I checked in at DFW Airport, I was informed at the check in desk that it would be $40 to take my carry on bag aboard the plane & stow it away.  Needless to say this infuriated me & everyone else that this happened to.  But what were we suppose to do?  Not pay the extortion money & miss our flight?  But on our return trip, Gena at the Spirit Airline Check In didn't charge us any money for our same carry on.  So BIG PROPS to Gena, but still say Spirit SUCKS as a company for their devious policies!!!
1	Don't be fooled by their $9.00 cheap airline club like me ! I thought how cool this would be so I can visit my friends and family back in San Diego more often . I joined the club then when I start booking my flight there were are all of these hidden fees. There is a $40.00 each way baggage fee. If your luggage goes over 40 pounds they will charge you another $40.00. Since they didn't want to give me a refund on my membership fee I decided next time I will not bring any luggage. I just stored some clothes in San Diego so I wouldn't have to pay this ridiculous fee. You can bring a small carry on like a back pack or a purse. You have to pay for your seat. Just because you bought the ticket doesn't mean you have a seat. This fee applies both ways. I think I paid $10.00 each way. There is also a reservation fee. I forgot how much that was. Don't come on the plane hungry or thirsty because you have to pay for everything! We bought two canned drinks for $5.00 or you would pay $3.50 for one. I didn't even have a chance to drink all my cranberry juice because as soon as I started drinking we were getting ready to land so we had to throw away our trash. If you are going on a short trip don't bother getting any drinks just wait until you land. This airline doesn't allow you to be even four minutes late so be on time or you will have to purchase a new ticket like my cousin. They stick to a strict schedule . Even though the boarding pass said when they would be loading I checked with one of their customer service agents too. She talked to us like we were slow. My husband said he felt dumb asking such a question. I told him I would feel even more dumb if they changed the schedule and we missed our flight! I wouldn't want to pay for another two tickets!
1	Worst. Airline. EVER.I never flew Spirit before but when I was looking for a last second ticket to LA, $63 for a round trip ticket sounded like a dream come true. It was TOO good. My flight to LA from Vegas was delayed almost THREE HOURS due to a mechanical problem. This is after I had already been at the airport for over an hour for my original layover time. The plane itself was filthy. You can definitely tell it's an old plane. And there was so much dirt and grim between the hinges on the seats it would make anyone squirm. The staff couldn't care less that you're there. It's like you're annoying them because you're there. Even though it's their job to serve you!Also, beware! This airline charges for everything from snacks to carry on. Luckily, I took a look at their baggage fee list before I packed for my trip. The only free bag you get is a personal item that will fit under the seat in front of you. But the worst thing of it all was the flight into Vegas on the way home. The pilot announced that we were descending. Everything was going okay until suddenly it felt like THE PLANE JUST DROPPED OUT OF THE SKY. It was only a few seconds, but my heart felt like it just dropped to the floor. I thought the plane was crashing. I think the pilot was trying to be humorous and said "Is everyone awake now?".Don't ever use this airline! It's worth the extra $50 for the next airline up.
1	Worst flight ever. Booked a flight for $300 from Las Vegas to Chicago, when I went online to check in, I was confused by having to pay for my seat? What the? So I picked the cheapest $10, when I arrived at the airport I then learned that it was $40 to check my bag, I questioned the agent and she told me that it is cheaper to check the bag online, why didn't they say this on the website? So now I'm infuriated. I get on the plane and notice how dirty the headrests on the seats were, they were black. Then one of the stewardess' came over the speaker and announced "if you have a device that has an on/off button, it needs to be turned off, it's not that hard people" I'm sorry, what? Is that how you speak to the customers? The seats were so uncomfortable and then we took off and there was a loud unsettling noise I thought the wings were going to fall off. Needless to say, between the poor customer service, uncomfortable ride, and the extra $100 I had to pay in extra fees, there is no way I will fly this airline again.
1	This Airline is horrible! First of all, the planes are disgustingly dirty and small.  There were black marks on the headrests of the seats from people walking down the aisles. Also, the plane is extremely cramped.  My husband who is 6',2'' had to sit sideways because his knees were jammed into the seats in front of us.   There is no complimentary anything, not even water!  Secondly, our flight was cancelled on our return.  The only options we were given were 1.) a refund or 2.) a flight the next day at 9 pm, hotel stay at Motel 6 and food vouchers to Dennys!  I think not-- we took the refund and arranged alternative transportation.  Do not fly this airline you will be disgustedly dissapointed!
3	Only a 30 minutes delay due to the toilet not working. Overall its not that bad. I paid $60, I'd say I got my moneys worth.
1	My first experience on Spirit Airlines was my LAST!!!Remember: Anything that sounds too good to be true, IS too good to be true.  They lure you in with the $9.00 flight, it turns into $67 before you click pay.  And you have ZERO leg room.  I think if they could charge you for breathing they would.DON'T DO IT!!!www.southwest.com or www.virginamerica.comMuch better options.
2	My goal when flying is to waste as little money as possible getting from point A to point B. Spirit had me believing that they would help me achieve this goal...that is until the extra $80 for carry on bags popped up, the extra charge for choosing your seats became apparent, and the janky plane had both broken seats and negative leg room. I am only 5'7" and my legs were smashed into the seat of the person in front of me. Sorry person! Will I fly Spirit again? Maybe, but once you factor in all of the extra charges, the dirty planes, the lack of legroom, the broken seats, the B squad flight attendants, and the general stupidity of a policy that makes it more expensive to carry on your own bag than to check it, probably not.
1	Flying back to Sandiego from LasVegas Nv on 10-12-11. This is supposed to be a conveniant fast way to travel as opposed to driving right?Wrong!   After a fabulous weekend in Vegas I looked forward to my 1hr. flight back to SanDiego"ahhhh i'd avoid being in a car for 5 hours & avoid traffic this is gonna be GREAT!" Wrong again!  Now as a frequent traveler i totally understand sometimes things happen with planes, sometimes there's delays etc. What i can not understand is the way all of the passengers on flight 619 were treated by the spirit agents at Macarran airport in Vegas.   Flights all day were backed up by 3 to 4 hours because a whole crew didnt show up. so why was i not told this when i arrived for check in at 7pm?Instead they inform noone that our flight wont be leaving until 12:25 am. Now if you do the math thats 5 1/2 hours of waiting for a 1 hour flight i couldve gotten home faster driving or couldve stayed longer at my hotel had i known.  None of the spirit employees or agents were anywhere to be found. Certainly not at the front to answer question. However an agent did come to the front a little after 9:30 pm and was so kind enough to offer all of us a $7.00 meal voucher. Now thats class spirit!!! Great way to keep people happy :).  At that time a supervisor was requested to come & answer some of our questions did anyone ever show? Of course not. You know it really wasnt what was happening but how the employees handeled it noone seemed to care i mean how can a whole flight be booked but no crew around to get us there?   Finally 12:30 am a plane arrives now i need to mention once boarded the flight attendants that were already on board & pilot were beyond kind, understanding, and pleasant to be around Its a shame we didnt get that at the actual airport. We landed into sandiego at 1:52 am.   By the time i got my car and drove home from airport i was in bed by 3:30 am thanks Spirit for ruining my monday & thanks for leaving that bitter taste in my mouth. Anyone considering flying with this airline should spend an extra $50 & go through any other company totally biggest let down & rip off ive ever experienced!!!
1	First of all the plane didn't even arrive at the time it was supposed to to pick us up, which was probably caused by the second issue I will address.  The airport gate did not have a single representative to tell us what was actually happening so at the time we were supposed to board the plane NOBODY had a clue what was going on.  There were no gate agents from Spirit ... the gate agents from a neighboring airline actually got on the PA and made an announcement that they did not know where the airplane was and that they were not employees of Spirit Airlines.The plane had trouble with the starter which delayed us ....and it probably delayed every prior flight as well... but the worst part was the horrible sound that happened as we were taxi-ing out.  There's no way to describe it other than a DJ "scratching" .... apparently this wasn't the only flight for that to happen in .... another passenger also told me this happened in another flight ...In the end...you get what you pay for with this airline.
1	WORST airline. Don't be fooled thinking it is cheap, they charge you extra for EVERYTHING. Your seat, your carry on luggage...yes $40. Their web is horrible, it is constantly down so that you can't check on line or check your bags on line, so you have to do it at the airport for a fee. The fee for your bags double if you do it at the airport.I wish I had read all the other reviews before I flew Spirit, NEVER AGAIN!
1	Adding another ONE star review to the existing thirty or so one star reviews for Spirit Airlines.They nickel and dime you for everything. The airline charges for:-CARRY-on. RIDICULOUS. -WATER and peanuts on the plane. RIDICULOUS.-To choose your seat. RIDICULOUS. // FACILITIES //The plane was disgusting and filthy with tiny seats. I'm 5'1" and petite, and I already felt so cramped. // SERVICE // Sarcastic and mouthy flight attendants Save yourself the headache and do not fly Spirit Airlines. EVER.
1	I thought Southwest was bordering on ghetto, but Spirit makes it look like British Airways.  It was .... barely serviceable for the price.  It was a short trip to Vegas, but it smelled a little like the public parking lots in Santa Monica - namely, urine.  The seats reminded me of folding chairs with a worn-out cushion.  There's a charge, it was $25 as I recall, for any carry-on bag other than a personal item, not to mention the charge for checked items.
1	I flew Spirit from Fort Lauderdale to Las Vegas and primarily chose them because of their fare. First off let me say I am not someone who is unfamiliar with the airline industry. I spent 20 years working in the travel industry and nearly half of that working for one of the largest airlines in the world. I cannot speak for their other station operations but I will tell you that their Fort Lauderdale operation is one of the most backwards (insert expletive here) operations I have ever seen. You walk in and they have a huge blue sign for self check in which states "carry on bags only". Another line with a large red sign stated "full service check in". After spending a half an hour in that line we were told we needed to be in the self service line because this line was for "international only". I explained that I could plainly see the signs above the agents said international but all of the others said "self check in". Didn't matter, we were rerouted to stand in the self check in line, in spite of the fact that we had checked bags. Because apparently I was supposed to psychically know that even though the sign said "carry on only" they would also check our bags. After making our way through what could loosely be referred to as a mob my husband and I finally checked in and paid our $166.00 for baggage (insert several other expletives here) only to to be sent to another line to hand off our bags. Well the other line turned out to be another check in line. I am not unaccustomed to lines, even confusing ones that evolve due to large groups of people but these were not lines. They were swirling confused masses of people with little or no direction.I didn't find my plane in particular to be unclean or the flight staff to be rude but after looking over the charges for everything (water, soda...) I began to wonder if the sick bag I had taken and used for my used kleenex (sue me I have a cold) wouldn't end up being an extra charge as well.
2	I had the displeasure of sitting in the last row of the plane on a departure flight. After an exhausting weekend in Vegas, the last thing you want to hear is an insecure flight attendant narrating her pathetic dating history to a fellow employee. The check-in desk attendant was a little rough with my bag (essentially throwing my luggage on the conveyer belt). At least there were no delays.To my credit, it wasn't my choice to fly Spirit, but knowing I was, I didn't have high flight prospects. Ridiculous baggage fees, no complimentary snacks/drinks, and no leg room--does anyone really expect more from this airline?
1	Yelp needs a no star. Because this is what  these people deserve. Headed back to Chicago and what a surprise! My flight is delayed. Just like it was on the way to Vegas. Lady at the counter here was VERY rude and she started complaining to her co-worker about taking her Pen. Talk about being professional in front of customers. Spirit is definitely an airline I will not ever fly. Sorry Southwest. I will be back soon.
2	Flew Spirit from San Diego to Las Vegas.  And I might do it again.They are pretty cheap, but they charge for everything.  Carry-on is $30 pre-paid or $45 the day of.  Checked bags were $50 prepaid and more the day of.  Choosing your seat is $10.  All the food was for sale (they have alcohol deals, like buy 2 save $3 or buy 3 save $5).  So if you don't have bags, they're really cheap and may be a good option for you.The seats in the back are cramped.  I'm 5'7" and I fit just fine (with room), but anyone taller than 5'11" is going to be cramped in the back coach seats.  The seats are also OLD.  This was an OLD 737.  But the flight was only 50 min in the air.  They did take off about 15 minutes late and arrive about 15 min late.I would probably use them again, but if I were taller, I wouldn't.  I also would NEVER fly further than SD to LV.  I can justify an hour, but not further than that.
3	The flight from Portland Oregon was cheap but you pay for what you get...small seats, no room to move and charges for everything...the flights itself was fine for the most part but coming back to Oregon the pilot gave everyone the scores for the u of o game which upset people then tried to recover by giving out free airlines miles when signing up for a spirit credit card.
3	I flew from Portland to Vegas for $135 during Thanksgiving break.  Now that's cheap!  Throughout both of my flights I was mentally writing my yelp review and envisioned a 1 or 2 star review.  Today, though, as I sat down to write it though, I couldn't do it.Yes, the planes are old.  My fellow travelers ridiculed the planes, the seats, the interiors on both flights.  Yes, there are lots of fees.  But it is possible to travel without paying any of them, especially if you are traveling by yourself or if you are going only on a short trip.  The $135 I paid was the total and included tax.  I paid no fees.    I didn't reserve a seat (and despite this I still had an aisle seat both ways).  I didn't pay a bag fee and instead brought only a small backback which fit underneath the seat.  Yes, you have to pay for food or drink but this is true of many airlines.  If you have a problem with it, buy something in the airport.Yes, the seats are small.  I'm not sure how but it definitely seems as if there are more seats than usual crammed onto the plane.  However, I'm 5  feet tall and small and so all was fine for me.  Those of you who are tall I'm sure have issues on most planes.It's true.  I would prefer to fly on a 'fancier, newer plane.'  However, for short-haul trips and for the price, Spirit is a good deal.  The flights took off and arrived within 15 minutes of their scheduled time.  The staff were professional.  Really, I have no complaints and would recommend flying Spirit.
1	I was traveling from Las Vegas to Oakland CA and had a flight scheduled for 9:45pm.  The representative at the gate let us know that was plane was being delayed about a half an hour.  We were updated every 30 minutes to an hour with the same update.  The n it became that they were doing maintenance on the plane.  We were held hostage for 4 hours then they canceled the flight.  There customer service was extremely poor and they may have cheap flights but it's not worth it if you need to get anywhere you need to go.  I had to book a flight the next morning with Southwest.   I can certainly say that I will never use Spirit Airlines again and I hope they go bankrupt!!!!
1	Terrible service and nothing is free. They even charge you $45 for your carry on! My mom was coughing and we had to pay $3 to but a bottle of water for her. They wouldn't even give a little water to a coughing old lady.
1	Horrible they should be taken to court for thievery....... We were so excited 2 round trip tickets to Vegas for $190 woooohoooo so much cheaper than southwest WRONG!!!!!!!!! We got there with one bag to check and one to carry on the woman at the check out counter proceeded to tell us it was going to be $80 to check both bags .....I was like WHAT! We are carrying one on and she was like its still $40 but we could go online on our way back to save $2 a bag..... So why do my bags cost more to fly than me?  Then we get on the plane and they charge you for soda water peanuts ect.  Let's just say I should of taken southwest would have been $119 a person but I would have have a free check bag or carry on and a free drink a bag of peanuts!!!!!!  Plus the plan looks like its being held together by duct tape :( !!!!!!!  Let's put them out of business folks corporations like this should not be able to take advantage of people like this or at lest let them know when they purchase the ticket that u are going to pay a fortune in bag charges wether you carry on or check!
1	Awful.  Just awful.  Paying this much money to be treated like cattle.  I do not recommend this airline to say the least.  It didn't ruin my trip but just frustrating.  I waited until now, the next morning to finish this.  :|Part 4: UPDATE: Finally get on plane. Finally depart.  Finally land.  Sit at gate since it's not clear for us to enter for half an hour.  Part 3 UPDATE:  We board the plane.  We close up the plane, go over safety precautions and exit methods, we clear for departure, and BAM!  It is announced we need to rotate the front tire so we need to depart the plane for a little over an hour while they rotate said tire.  So we de-board, are offered not as far as a FREE WATER or cup of coffee.  Wonderful.Part 2 UPDATE: Airline changed the gate and didn't tell those of us who had been sitting there for an hour.  Fantastic.  Not a single stewardess or desk attendant in sight.  NO ONE to answer questions!  Or mention that our departure time had been delayed!Part 1:OH, you found a great deal online for Spirit...?BEWARE the bait and switch!  Beware the 3 dollars for water!Beware the 10 dollars more to choose your seats!Beware the FORTY DOLLARS for a single carry on!  My carry on's cost more than my ticket!Beware this shoddy, lackadaisical airline.  May it either wise up and treat the customers right or may it CLOSE.
1	U have got to be kidding me! Just like everyone says, its cheap...but u get what u pay for. Got a 120 round-trip ticket from lax to Vegas and thought all was well. Gum on my seat both ways, planes and ARM rests make these weird screeching noises, it literally sounded like the shocks on the plane were about to go out. Now there is 100 of  us sitting on a plane waiting to go home...and just like another review said, we r waiting for PILOTS!!! Really??? How does 100 people get on a plane without pilots. After the 45 u have to pay for a carry on bag, that's right something that fits in the overhead compartment, it would have been the same price and way easier to take southwest. First and last time I fly this shitty airline, unbelievable!
1	booked a quick flight for 2, but my husband got tix to a show so had to change flight to arrive earlier.. there were no other flights to get us at destination early, so had to book on anther airline and cancel this flight with over a month notice.  I expect to see a small cancellation fee, but $230 fee on a $400 flight is INSANE!!!!!!Then they give your 60 days to use the small credit you do receive..  I should have went with my instincts and stayed clear of the 'to good to be true' fairs.  THEY ARE! $18 to pick your seat?  $20 for ONE carry on?!!  They should change name to WTF air.  maybe only fly if short flight, and you do not care where you sit, and you dont need luggage (carry on or check luggage), and you know you wont cancel - then maybe fly them.   They should take a lesson from southwest- a bargain carrier that doesn't treat you like a complete idiot.
1	I held back last time to make sure I was basing my experience on what I had, not just thought because of other people experienced. First problem took 6 calls to get my plane tickets.Second problem, was they didn't understand what I wanted. Ordered my plane tickets for the wrong day. They never sent a confirmation letter. I thought I saw it- my mistake it was the wife's.  However them ordering for the wrong day is theirs- fixing as a one time courtesy- on Christmas EVE, BAH HUMBUG!Third problem, fixing this will fix the other problems. I only understood half of what they were saying. To fix this they need to.....bring the jobs stateside!The luggage issue I can work with it and get around it but not the other parts. LANGUAGE BARRIER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	We flew Spirit Air roundtrip San Diego to Las Vegas.  We waited too long to get our tickets on Southwest, so Spirit Airlines was half the price.Similar to budget European airlines I've flown in the past (RyanAir & GermanWings) but the planes are SMALLER.  I'm 5'6" and a size 10 and my knees touched the whole time.  See others' photos!  I cannot imagine being on this airplane if I was any taller than 5'6"... big guys beware!If you do choose to fly Spirit, be prepared by: (1) knowing how much you will be paying for extras (checking bags, etc.) and get the BIG FRONT SEAT, (2) mentally prepping yourself to be crammed into a small space, (3) Eat & drink beforehand or pay a lot, (4) Don't plan on being comfortable during the flight-- find a way to mentally zone out for an hour and you will be fine.  I wouldn't choose to fly Spirit again, but possibly in a pinch.  I would NEVER use them for a flight that is over 1 hour.  I would definitely PAY EXTRA FOR THE BIG FRONT SEAT if I do this again.Vegas Trip 10/20-23/11
1	NO Stars!!!!! Our flight from Las Vegas to Detroit was delayed for almost 6 hrs... Their reason... Our plane coming in from San Diego is experiencing terrible weather...well I'll be damned...of course with my handy dandy Iphone I checked the weather in SD...sunny in the 70s, not even a cloud!!!! So what theyre trying to do is save money by combining our not completely full flight with a later flight. Such disrespect for people's time! Im not wishing them prosperity this year, that's for sure. What a way to start the year! Today is January 1st 2012...im never flying this airline ever again because not only do they lie and give a totally stupid reason for it, the plane itself is filthy, ultra tight, my husband who is 5'11 had his knees totally against the seat in front of him. They charge for a carry on and checked bags at a ridiculously hiked up price! Be better off with another airline, this is the first and last time I'm flying this joke of an airline!
1	Beyond the worst company in the USA who flies. book a flight out of OAK only because it was the first flight of the day and not because it was the "cheapest" got there hrs in advance only to be told there is a 4hr delay and oh your bag is to big you must pay for that if you want to get on this delayed flight. called customer service and brad waters from india told me there was nothing they can do because there policy is not to compensate customers for delayed flights i asked to speak to some one else and was told NO i could not LOL really!
1	Terrible, must be new at flying a plane, thought we were going to crash. Best to upgrade to a bigger seat. You may think you're saving money but it's really not worth it at all and they charge you for a carry on.
1	Wow. For the first memorable time in 5 years as a Yelper I really want to give a 0-star review. This goes for the entire Spirit Airlines company, not just the Las Vegas branch.1. The problems start with advertising. Fares advertised super low attract many new customers, and likely, non-repeat customers. That is true for my entire group of 6. We all bought $51 round-trip tickets from Oakland to Las Vegas, thinking it was such a steal. No problems booking through Orbitz. Then we find out by going to the Spirit website that there are CARRYON baggage fees. Seriously, wtf? Ok, my bf and I will share one luggage, check it in (which is actually cheaper than carrying it on, by $2 if pre-paid), and our flight is still cheaper than Southwest or Jetblue.2. Thinking we were all squared away, about 3 weeks before our flight, we get a notice of a flight change, to an earlier time in the morning instead of afternoon as originally scheduled. Slightly inconvenient as we all now have to take the day off work, which is money that could've been made. Fortunately most of our work schedules are flexible. We did not complain to Sprint.3. About 1.5 weeks before the flight, we got another email saying our flight was changed AGAIN, this time to 6 AM! With 80% of our group coming from San Jose, and Oakland being an hour away, that would require them to leave at 4 AM by the latest. We raised a huge racket, complained on social media and phone calls, and got them to refund one way for everyone except my bf and I (at first they only wanted to give airline CREDIT -- HELL NO, the point of us canceling the flight is because we hate this airline and it's unreliability and extra fees, and we don't intend to ever fly Spirit again!). Everyone else booked a Southwest flight later in the morning. Despite being a week before the flight, it was still only something like $59 one way, and free luggage!4. My bf and I kept the 6 AM flight, thinking it wasn't too big a deal and we were both taking the day off anyways. Got to the flight counter at 5:15 AM to drop off our luggage and were greeted by a very rude staff. We waited a few minutes while there was obviously one staff who was not doing anything, had to take out a couple pounds from our luggage (40 lb limit, lower than other airlines), and the staff said, "The counter is already closed. You're late. So basically, HURRY UP."5. Ran through security, ran to the gate, and got checked in. The counter was not closed and there were people still boarding. Overhead bins were mostly empty, the chairs were old and grungy, and the legroom was practically nonexistent (and I'm 5'3").6. Everything after that was ok, until the return back. We got to the airport and our gate on time, and our boarding time came and went without any announcements or anything happening. The plane was at the gate, so what could be wrong? One of our friends went to the desk and asked what was going on, and they said, "There's a delay. We don't know. We work for YOU, not for the airline." (wtf?)7. FINALLY, 1.5 hours later, they allow us to board. We were a little concerned about not having been told anything and thought maybe this was the last day of our lives. =P Just before takeoff, the captain comes on the intercom and says, "Today's delay was brought to you by...an oil check. It took 10 minutes for the oil check and over an hour to find someone to sign off on it. We apologize for the delay." Wow, talk about inefficiency. I'll give it to the captains though on both flights...they were the only seemingly knowledgeable, friendly, and competent people we've dealt with (directly or indirectly) at this entire company.8. Same old gray and dirty leather seats with nonexistent legroom (felt sorry for my over 6-foot-tall friend, who declared he'll probably just stick with Southwest and Virgin). 9. Got to our destination in one piece, picked up our luggage, which now had a large dent in it, and went home around 1 AM, much too tired to complain about anything anymore.And that is the story of 6 people's first and LAST time with Spirit Airlines. Hardly save any money, and flying Southwest or Virgin will spare you much more headache, discomfort, and rude service. Notice how all the employees at Southwest are so much friendlier and seem happier? Southwest hired all the good ones away.
1	I must apologize in advance as this review will be extremely short and will link to someone else's. The reason is that I am currently writing a very thorough letter to Yelp to enable 0 star ratings for this business. For more info on our experiences (I went with a group of 6), check out this review (http://www.yelp.com/biz/spirit-airlines-las-vegas#hrid:zvZRzf_Jf_fZvOwCw0SdkQ). If Spirit doesn't win the coveted award for "Worst Business in History." I'll have zero faith in humanity. Heck, I am more than willing to join the Occupy Spirit movement if there is one starting.BTW, major props to the person who took the picture of the "Escape" sign. That's what you'll want to do after learning they charge $30 (cheapest fee) for carry-on luggage.
2	I think it's hilarious that I check Yelp reviews before I chose a place to eat.....But, I didn't even think to check before I booked my recent flight to Vegas. I am not a picky traveler. But, I agree with the vast majority of review.  It was hard to sit through the short flight to Vegas and I had to argue that I could put my bag under the seat and not pay the extra fee for my carry on. Yes....you heard me. Extra fee to place your luggage in the overhead bin. Although, it looks cheap, unless you've got a short flight, short legs, and no luggage-It's not worth it.
3	Under the Yelp guidelines, 3* a stretch. Yet hear me out.  Flew super cheap from Dallas - Vegas.  They offer a $9 deal if you join their Spirit Club (*$60 annually).  Wife joined & can now book tickets for us both.  Many other reviews below detail the a la carte nature of the airline.  You've seen that.  Yes, if you don't want to pay $3 for bottled water, carry your airport drink onto the plane. BTW- they do have a 3 beer special (discount priced) !For our recent Vegas flight, outbound trip departed at 1120 pm, about a half hour late.  Newer-looking Airbus--bad news--seats were as tight as advertised.  Because this was essentially a red eye flight, there were empty seats; even a few empty rows.  However we didn't have the good sense to scurry to an empty row when the doors closed.  Hence my wife stayed jammed up against the 6'4" guy who had to literally straddle the seat in front of him (truly, just sitting upright was not an option).  Pilot & attendants had poor speaking voices; intercom was way too loud for a middle-of-the-night-flight; attendants were a tad rude; Return flight, older Airbus, seats appeared more spacious.  Flight was totally full.  Crew was nicer this time as well.Why the A-Ok?  Because we got to go to Vegas!  This trip was totally enabled by de minimis airfare, including one carry on bag fee.  Would we fly again? Yes.  Do we have our expectations locked in for next time? Absolutely.Tip:  As soon as the doors close--scurry to any open seats. If you don't like sitting 3-to-a-row & have a flight longer than 90mins (as our 2:45 Vegas flight was), look to move.  Don't pay for your seat selection, because it won't do anything.  There is a row or two of bigger seats in the front for $65...if you're really motivated.
1	Horrible! Flight was canceled 15 mins before take off due to mechanical issues. I  had a feeling that was going to happen since the plane never showed up. In addition, I had to stand in line for an hour just to get a refund. Some people had to take flights the next day since they were fully book the rest of the day, but I wasn't about to ride on a potentially dangerous plane. Good thing i booked a flight with southwest while waiting in line, which was an hour later than what would've been my departure time with spirit. Spirit did offer a $50 voucher for my next flight, but required me purchase a round trip ticket, which I wouldn't risk having another incident like this happen to me again...no thanks!
1	Worst ever.I will never, ever, ever, ever if I can help it fly Spirit Airlines again.  I can't even explain the disappointment.  It started when we were waiting in line to check our baggage.  There was an elderly lady in front of us with multiple bags, and two dogs.  She was trying to pile everything up to be weighed and someone in the line stepped out to help her.  Then when she was done they weighed it and they told her that the conveyor belt was broken and she had to deliver everything to a separate area.  They didn't have anyone help her and an additional person who was going to start going through security stepped out of line and helped her again.  It was just so disappointing.  We had to deal with the cranky staff where we had to pay to check any bags in and also pay to take one carry on..so sad.  After that we finally were able to get through security.  We got on the flight to find out that the seats were extremely tiny, they tried to sell you the shirts of their backs, and you had to pay for water. I could have paid the same amount of money for a better company considering I had to pay for every step I took.  I am surprised you didn't have to purchase tokens to use to bathroom!
2	Charges, Charges, and more charges.  Cramped quaarts on these plans and they charge for everything.  Only use spirt if you HAVE to.
3	Going into this you have to understand you are getting a CHEAP flight... and with that i suggest you do a little research and this will make it all worth while.  Figure out how to pack your luggage into a small carry on.  Pre print your ticket (dont pay for a seat choice just let the cards fall where they may) bring your own snacks and water from airport and you are good to go.  I signed up and recieved like 17000 free miles which translates into 5 one way tickets.. Again know that you are ordering a ham sandwich here folks... and you will be happy with the ham sandwich.. dont expect the steak ;)
3	After all the worry generated by reading the terrible reviews for Spirit, my trip was nowhere near as bad as I thought it would be.  I am not the World's Greatest Flier and am very partial to Alaska Air.  I wanted to cancel my reservation after reading the reviews on here.  I am glad that I didn't!    There wasn't a thing wrong with our trip.  We flew  from Portland to Vegas on Feb 15th.  Everyone we came into contact with, from the Rapid Drop Off Baggage Clerk, to the gate attendants and flight attendants, were helpful and friendly.  The fees-----the majority of airlines charge fees to check baggage now.  Spirit was comparable, I believe it was $25/bag and the bag had to weigh 40 pounds or less.   Roll your clothes or watch one of the many videos on You Tube to learn how to pack a lot into a bag. My husband and I packed enough for 4 days in one checked bag.  That included shoes and dress clothes.  I also took a good-sized carry on and a large handbag and did not have any issues.  PLAN AHEAD.  If you don't, it's your own fault, not the fault of the airlines---their fees are not hidden.We paid $13 extra (each) for their Big Front Seats.  WELL WORTH THE $$!  Waaaay more leg room and we were not jammed up against each other.  Very comfortable.  I will book these seats again.  It was the most comfortable I have ver been on a plane.Yes, they charge for food/drinks.  Credit/Debit only, no cash.  You can buy something from the airport and carry it on, but the price won't be much different.  The plane was an Airbus, it seemed in good condition to me.  It was clean.  I am a germophobe and didn't feel like I had to sanitize everything....They did change our flight times well in advance--approx 1 hour change each way.Overall, very good price to Vegas. Decent flights, decent service, nothing fancy, but perfectly adequate.  I will not hesitate to fly Spirit again, as long as the price is less than other airlines.
3	I gave it 3 stars for the price.  What can you really expect from an airline that charges you $40 round trip before taxes?  If you're expecting the red carpet treatment or even just same amenities as the other airlines, you're out of your damn mind.  It is true that you get what you pay for.  You want more leg room, pay for it.  You want a more comfortable seat, pay for it.  You want a plane not to smell like baby poop, THEN PAY FOR IT.  I worked for an airline once upon a time so I guess I'm biased.With that being said HOLY CR*P is this plane ghetto!!!!!  My butt falls asleep every time I fly on Spirit and mind you I only fly for an hour and a half every time.  It's really annoying that they charge you for everything but again, look how much you paid for your flight. I can say the ticket counter people are nice in OAK and horrible in LAS.  I had this one Latin ***** who wasn't helpful at all when I left important documents on the plane. She called down to the plane ONCE and asked them nonchalantly to look for my folder. I asked her to call again and even begged for a gate pass.  I was crying my eyes out because I knew I left them in the seat pocket in front of my seat and she made it seem like someone took them and they were gone forever.  I walked in to baggage to make a lost and found claim and the baggage agent ran to the plane and found my folder. WHAT AN AWESOME HUMAN BEING and the epitome of a good employee.  I couldn't thank him enough!Would I fly spirit if I could find a comparable priced airline ticket at anyone other airline? No.  But since I can't, I'll continue to fly Spirit.
1	I'll never fly Spirit again! No matter the price. I'm surprised they don't charge to use the bathroom! Nickle and dime on everything. There is a dent my knee from the seat in front of me.
1	No carry on bags? Paid $70 round trip for my tiny suitcase - this charge makes Spirit just as costly as everyone else. The planes are dirty. No drink service. I have extra hard feelings because Spirit left me to spend the night in the Las Vegas airport.
1	Seriously, the worst flight experience EVER.  I didn't pay for this flight my work booked it otherwise I would have gone with an airline I've actually heard of, but we did get to and from Vegas safely and for that I'm thankful.  I did end up reimbursing my company for what I paid for my husband's flight and for that price we could have flown with a real airline.  The only things that are free on this airline are "Ice, Napkins, and a smile."  Yes, this is a quote from the stewardess on board.  Roundtrip one check-in bag will cost you $66 if you book before you get to the airport, but less than 24 hours in advance.  My hubby accidentally booked a check-in and a carry-on for one way instead of booking a checkin for both directions and even though we didn't use the check-ins they refuse to give us our money back.  Seriously, not cool.  Will not fly again!
1	My husband and I went to Vegas for my spring break from nursing school, which was supposed to be nice and relaxing, but ended up being a complete nightmare on the day we were supposed to fly back home. Our original flight from Chicago left without much incidence and i wasn't going to complain about certain things, but now that my experience was so horrendous, I'm going to list it all.Bags - all bags, checked and unchecked are extra. If your bag is over 40 pounds, there's another fee for that (most airlines give you 50 pound limits).Seats - the seats are literally benches with seat backs attached. Seats don't recline and you are forced into a completely upright position for the entire flight unless you want to pay extra for the couple of seats that do recline. Ridiculous. Our flight left chicago at 10:30 pm and arrived in Vegas at midnight Vegas time (which was 2am Chicago time...needless to say, we were exhausted and our backs hurt).Flight drinks and food - ALL at an extra charge. Even water and pop.Ok, that was my major complaints BEFORE our return flight home.On 4/5/12, we arrived at the airport 2 hours before our flight to find out that our flight was CANCELLED. Best part was nobody was addressing us or answering our questions. They just kept saying, you have to wait in this line that wasn't moving. I kept hearing from other people down the line that the soonest they'd be able to get us home was 4/8/12 in the afternoon. That's three more days of hotel and food in Vegas (NOT cheap), and they were offering us a $50 flight voucher for future flights for our "trouble." No offer of payment for food and hotel for 3 MORE DAYS.After asking if they needed my information, I was told no, only to find out from a supervisor 10 minutes later that they did indeed need my info to help us. The communication and customer service was a mess. They kept saying they'd get back to us and to go have a seat and wait and that they'd get it "figured out." We arrived at the airport at 12:20 Vegas time and didn't have an answer about whether or not we'd be able to get home until 2:20 Vegas time. In the meantime, we're trapped in the desert with no water and no access to food until they can get it fixed.Once we were transferred over to an American Airlines flight, things went much more smoothly, but the way things were handled by Spirit was horrendous. They claimed they had contacted all the passengers, but the only contact I had recieved was a missed phone call from a number I didn't recognize and no message. Our flight was cancelled because supposedly hail punched 12 holes into the body of the plane that we were supposed be be flying on. Makes you wonder about the craftmanship of their plains if hail can put 12 holes into their air carriers.Needless to say, I will NEVER fly with spirit again. This situation was handled very poorly, and I have heard from other spirit customers, including friends of mine, that this is par for the course for this company. Why are they even still in business? Once you pay for all the extras they charge you, you're flight is not going to be any cheaper than they other air carriers.
1	if you are unsure of your travel plans/might cancel a flight, don't do spirit.nonrefundable, no-sympathy people at the phones, they even offered to cancel my $75 flight with a $125 cancellation fee. what...?
1	Reasons why my flight with Spirit from Las Vegas to Portland was the worst flying experience I've ever had: - Ridiculous baggage fees. Ended up paying $35 for my carry on. I mean, come on.- My flight got delayed for an hour and a half, which caused me to take the taxi home instead of the train (an additional $25 expense.)- Since I got back to Portland at around 1:40 AM (and got back home at around 2:30), I only got an hour of sleep before getting up for work (I really do not recommend going to work with only one hour of sleep.)- One of the flight attendants ran over my foot with the beverage/food cart and didn't even apologize (and woke me up from my nap!)I kind of wish I just spent the extra $50 or so for a Southwest flight. Never again.
4	I used to visit LAS all the time. It's been awhile and I booked a flight/hotel w/Spirit! A reasonable tour package! Like 1/2 the fare on the competition.  I flew w/them before and it was a great bus ride. Just stuff your stuff under the seat. They lose a star because it's been my experience that  there are 6 wheelchairs on and 2 off!?! It must be what happens in  Las Vegas! A jackpot!
1	Never Never Never travel this airlines.  They boast to be the lowest prices, but the hidden fees are off the wall.  I will never travel them again.  My experience was that I purchased tickets and I had no idea that if I did not make my first leg of the trip I would not be able to use the return.  I understand after that happen and I have acknowledged that it was my fault, but they were not will to help at all.  I ended up purchasing an additional ticket to get on the flight returning to my destination and when I was going to take a carry on (just one) they charge me $40.  What?!?  If I wanted to check it, it would have been $38.  When I finally got on board the flight attendants were not the nicest and beverages were $3.  I guess the old saying was correct that you get what you pay for, but I ended up paying a lot for a crappy experience.  TERRIBLE!I plan to write a letter to the company listing my grievances of this horrible trip.  NEVER AGAIN!!!
1	Spirit likes to tout itself as being the US's first ultra low cost airlines - or something like that.  You would think I would have it duly memorized since during both legs of my trip, the flight attendant came on like every 5 minutes to brag about it.  And to harass you into signing up for their exclusive Visa.  And the continual announcements with the full cabin lights on, take place at 1:00 p.m. or 11:00 p.m.  Apparently, they would have to charge you extra if you actually were able to fall asleep fully upright in the world's most uncomfortable seat built.  Spirit Airlines must have consulted with some sort of S&M design group when they engineered their seating.  I think they took a concrete bench from HomeDepot and slapped some faux-leather grey canvas on it, and voila, a seat was born.  Just to drive this point home:  I am a hair over 5 feet tall (maybe 5-1 if I have a great yoga or Pilates Reformer session) and weigh about 105 pounds, and this was undoubtedly, the most uncomfortable I have ever been in my life.  I felt cramped, pinched and claustrophobic.And if you are thinking, well, they are a low cost airline, of course, the seats and amenities cannot be luxurious, what can you expect?  Bottom line, they are not as low cost as they portray themselves and their version of cheap actually comes topped off with equally bad service .  So, you pay more than you expected and suffer while not saving anything.  So, they are indeed the double whammy of awful.As others have mentioned their hidden fees are ridiculous and the staff are about as unpleasant as they come.  I was a few pounds over the 40 pound limit and was told in LV that I could transfer some of my things out of my checked bag into my purse, but I would have to re-wait back in the full line again when it had already taken me over 30 minutes to reach the counter.  And by this point, the line was even longer.  So, I ended up having to pay another $ 25 for my checked bag.  Total cost of checking 1 bag roundtrip $ 91!After I came home, I re-researched my roundtrip flight (LV to DFW) and in the end, after all their crappy fees, it would have been cheaper for me to have flown another (more reputable) airline.It was my first and last Spirit trip.
1	Flew back on this rat trap of an airline(greyhound bus). Took it back from Vegas to SD for $130. The same price it cost to fly out on Southwest. So call budget/discount airline? Really translates out to be an old broken down plane inside and out. Got on the plane ,went to my assigned seat and was shoehorned into my seat( http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dWFUKB_HPBIE87AFBHEb_w?select=9c4j6QliYorEUzS3qmhtyg#9c4j6QliYorEUzS3qmhtyg  ). Then they announced there would be a  20 min hold up for mechanical issue , good start.Before the flight I  ran into a buddy coming back from Vegas and he said his flight on Friday was held up for a 3 hour delay for mechanical issues , he had to re book on Southwest to get out to Vegas.The inside of the plane was well worn and my  seat and my friends seats were broken , seems like they put in a couple extra rows of seats to increase there profits.Once the mechanical issue was taken care of  , the plane started moving and when they engaged the flaps on the wings a 2 min loud screeching sound went on and again when we landed, excellent.Almost forgot on there website and when printing out my ticket at the airport they try to trick you into sign up for there $9 Fare Club(  annual membership fees are non-refundable.). During the process it pops up at least 4 times. Then when I was printing my ticket at the airport they asked again. Good times having to double check every move you make on there website to make sure they aren't tricking you into buy something you don't want!If you 5 foot tall, have no luggage,  you will enjoy this vending machine airline.Will never fly on this crap hole airline again!
4	first yelp review ever and i been on this thing for a couple years... i was actually pleasantly surprised with spirit, so ill write them a review for hookin me up.. i actually got an awesome deal with spirit going LV - Denver for their first week of service to Denver.. so check it out..im usually an LV-LA southwest passenger, but i been lookin at spirit lately cuz they have $20 ea way tickets most of the time, but held up getting it cuz ive been using all my SW rapid reward points this whole time.. finally expired so spirit it is.. i signed up for their $9 fare program since i do fly a lot.. check up on prices.. i found a vegas to denver round trip for under $60!!!!! thats right, under $60!!! u cant even find a 1 way for that cheap! so i said eff it... i dont care where i sit, if they gon take me to denver for under $30 each way ill sit with the luggage for all i care... hahaha i mean how bad can it really be? im going to denver and back for cheaper than a full tank of gas, i really cant complain about anything... so basically.. im expecting the worst of the worst real shitty service and all that.. but it was actually not bad at all.. the planes (seats i should say) were even better than southwest... more room, and the aircraft was only half full so i had a empty seat next to me... if SW and spirit were the same price and spirit didnt do all that gay stuff wit the charging of extra bags i'd take spirit every time.. the only thing that southwest really has a leg up on spirit is the CHARGING OF THE EXTRA BAGS.. the keyword there is EXTRA... cuz i flew with a pretty large carry on (enough clothes for about a weekend) and there wasnt any problem at all.. (i also stuffed a backpack in there too so when i get out i could put the backpack on, im smart i know) yea spirit charges extra for like pretty much everything but theres lots of ways to avoid them and id say its definitely worth it considering how cheap i got my tickets for..  like for instance.. Spirit charges you $5 to print your boarding pass at the ticketing counter.. but to avoid the $5 charge u simply just check in at 1 of those self service kiosks... AWESOME.. it encourages ppl to use the kiosk which speeds checking in by at least half the time.. i think every airline really should do that too... Spirit charges you for extra carry-on bags and bags... i flew for a 4 day trip to denver, stuffed everything into 1 bag (including my backpack) and boarded the plane no problem, no extra fees.. even tho everybody says spirit charges for everything, they do... but i didnt pay a penny more than my original airfare ticket which came out to sum like $57.58... but from VEGAS to DENVER for under $60 round trip ill take that any day of the week... oh and i also finally booked my LV - LA trip also next week after i finally figured out Spirit is the SHIIIET.. def recommend.. im def flyin spirit again... come on $60 round trip to denver sale... come by again!!! im waitin!!!
1	Ok I dont know where to start NASTY !!! Plan is super NASTY seats are super dirty staff is not nice they charge you for everything even water drinks.... bags,check in fee everything crazy you think you paying a cheap fare but you not you paying for check in fee and everything else...... no room in seating area NO WAY I WILL FLY THEM AGAIN !!! Vergin America is the best to fly..... we were just out of time and had to get tickets asap HUGE MISTAKE !!!
1	I apologize in advance for the profane language i intend to use in this review. If I could give zero stars, I would! This review is for the Spirit Customer service only, most especially directed at manager Josh "Anderson"( who i know gave me a false name).While waiting for a cab to take my friends and I to the airport for our return flight, one of my friends suddenly had a severe allergic reaction. Hives, swollen tongue, swelling all over, and possibly breathing issues. 911 was called, the fire dept and an ambulance came and she was taken to the ED. As she was getting treated in the hospital, I decided to call customer service to see what I could do to change our flight as we were definitely not going to make it. I spoke to someone (I forgot his name, but almost as rude) and explained my situation and all he kept saying over and over again like a mantra, was how they can't do anything except give me a refund, which after all their extra fees were deducted, would come out to $12.79 It was either that or forfeit everything. I explained that this was a medical emergency. I obviously could not leave a friend while she was in the emergency department in a different state, but this obviously had no effect on him whatsoever. I asked to speak to a manager and was transferred to the idiotically rude asshole Josh Anderson. I relayed my situation again and still got the same answer. I asked what I could do, what he could help me do and he had the audacity to tell me to catch my flight by myself if I really needed to leave. I asked him to find me the next available flight out, and he gave me some absurd time the next day and the day after with an absurd amount. I had had it. I asked to speak to a different person, he said no, he is as far as I get to speak to. He then goes on to tell me that if I don't make my flight and don't cancel it now with him I will lose my refund of 12.79 for my flight. Well I wish I could have told him to shove his measly $12.79 refund up his ass with a spiked bat, but I didn't. What am I going to do with $13 when he's charging me a one way fare price of almost $300. I asked him to transfer me to the spirit ticket counter (I didn't know at the time that they don't take calls but I'm sure he knew as well) and guess where this motherfucking asshole gave me the number to....custodial services. Well, message received loud and clear Josh Anderson! Thanks for making me feel like shit while waiting for a friend in the hospital and pissing me off. I hope you get everything you deserve and more!Even the custodian apologized on your behalf, was more helpful than you were and told me there was no number and that I was being fucked with and to just come to the airport and they can help me out.I ended up going to the airport while my friend was still in the hospital to sort everything out and the lady at the ticket counter thankfully helped me out.I had no problem with the flight, in fact, my return red eye was one of the smoothest flights I had ever been on. However, this was the first and definitely the last flight I would ever take on spirit. I will happily shell out more money for AA or united any day. I had heard terrible things about spirit airline before, but never excepted this kind of insolent treatment. Never again!!
1	If I could give zero stars, I would. Since when do we have to pay for a carry-on bag??!! And $40 to boot!! I also had to pay an extra $25, on top of the usual $40, for my checked bag because it was over 40 lbs. I thought the standard was 50 lbs. As a woman who travels for 7 or more days at a time, my bag is always over 40 lbs., but always under 50 lbs. And FYI, as of November 2012, all of the bag fees are going up.They also charge for beverages in flight, including water. I will never fly Spirit again because in the end it will cost just as much as the next airline.
1	Wish you could give 1/2 a star! Worst airlines I have ever used. Flight to Vegas was delayed due to maintenance while we were siting on it trying to taxi and now trying to fly home, again delayed due to maintenance. They charge you for everything and limit your check bag to 40lbs. God for bid you need water on the flight cause it will cost you. The planes are very old and not clean, coffee stains running down the trays and during the flight the floatation device fell out of the bottom the seat. Little sketchy Spirit, little sketchy!
1	Spirit was the cheapest airfare I found for a last minute flight from LAX to the Bay Area, and now I understand why. My flight costed me only $64, as compared to other airlines who were charging $180+, but...I have a three hour layover in Vegas, which by the way, is where I am drafting this review as I wait to board my next plane to Oakland. Some might say time is money, but I didn't really mind the layover. Besides now I have a few extra hours to catch up on my reviews. So why the two stars? Oh where do I begin...When I checked-in online, I found that you are only allowed one personal bag (handbag, small backpack, etc.) free of charge and that they charge $35 for a carry-on, and even more for checked bags. But on that same page, they disclose that umbrellas, baby diaper bags, cameras, or food for the flight are not counted as carry-ons. I had an SLR camera bag and a handbag with me and was heading straight to the airport immediately after work, so I couldn't even go home to pack smarter after learning of their baggage fees. Since cameras were not counted as a carry on, I pulled out all the compartment walls from my camera bag to make one big compartment for my handbag. Luckily I had brought my denim LV bag, so it was much more pliable than most bags I have at home, and I carried my camera around my neck. So I got around the baggage fee, but then the next page of the online check-in asks you to select a seat for a fee starting at $5. This page almost got me. It says that the green seat is me, grey seats are unavailable, and blue seats are available for purchase/upgrade. I looked up and down the diagram of the plane multiple times, but did not see my seat anywhere. I thought I just had to pick a seat, but anywhere that I clicked on added an additional fee for the seat. My gosh! They charge for carry-on and seats??? Anyway, I decided to skip this step just to see what happens and they randomly assigned me to a seat. I usually prefer the window, but whatevers. I just saved myself $5-15. Finally, the flight. The plane itself looked pretty new and clean. Leg room wise... like what most people say... are minimal, if any. Lucky for me, I'm not even five feet of height, so there was enough leg room for me. The seats don't recline either, but you probably wouldn't want them to anyway because as Queen Latifah would say in Last Holiday, the person in front of you would practically be sitting in your lap. Since my fare was so cheap, and I had a layover in Vegas, I was curious to see what the cost of the fare would be to just fly from LAX to LAS (the first flight of my travel). I found that the fare costed $100 more than mine!!! So for my fellow flyers who were stopping in Vegas, they could've booked the LAX to OAK, got off in LAS, and disregard the flight to OAK. But I've heard that then you wouldn't be able to board the returning flight obviously because you're not returning from OAK, so all you have to do is book separate one-way departing and returning flights. (Lol... as I'm sitting at the gate waiting, a woman just walked by calling Spirit stupid.)**UPDATE**Three hours later, I'm still here in Vegas. And now my flight is delayed two hours. My plane is here, but we're waiting for the flight crew to come in from San Diego. Wtf happened to the crew on the plane that is sitting here at the gate? Now I'm not getting back to the Bay Area till the next morning at 12:40.  Awesome! I'm knocking off a star.**ANOTHER UPDATE**Finally got on the second plane and was not impressed. The plane looked old and dirty. Completely opposite of the first plane. To the point where it was gross. I'm just glad it got me to OAK safely.
1	My experience with Spirit Airlines was atrocious. It all began at Las Vegas Airport - we were given no direction while waiting in an incredibly long line to check our bags.  Customers finally realized we were in the wrong line, only to be moved to an equally long line with poor service.  POOR STAFFING - For the record, I was at the airport nearly 2 hours before my scheduled flight. I was put on a standby flight that I clearly wasn't going to get on; however, they still ticketed me for this flight while REFUSING to tell me my other options.  When I finally was able to get the other option (ie, my original flight had a connection that I was likely going to miss due to a delay out of Las Vegas), the employee told me the wrong time.  I was under the impression the flight would be leaving its connection city at 1:30pm.  The actual time was closer to 7pm.    Six passengers on the flight from Las Vegas to DFW were hoping to make a connection to Chicago in DFW.  Our plane (which was parked at the same gate) left 5 minutes prior to our arrival.  There was no coordination of efforts.   Because of this, 6 of us were stranded in DFW for 12 hours with no hotel option.  We were (begrudgingly) given food vouchers.  The supervisor, Carlos Betancourt, was the absolute worst customer service employee I've ever come across.  I hope you strongly consider a re-training of your employees on customer-centric policies and politeness.  As a student of business marketing, I was embarrassed that this sort of behavior is allowed in the airline industry.    Carlos B refused to give me his supervisor's name.  I was provided with your 1-800 number - cut off 3 times (it wasn't my phone) just when I was making progress.  The lack of synergy between your corporate and field operations is beyond terrible.   I will say, Larissa in DFW (a Spirit staff) was delightful - super nice and understanding.  She deserves a raise!  Perhaps, she could teach the course on customer engagement. I personally regret purchasing a ticket from Spirit Airlines - first and last.  In the end, I feel like you guys should refund my ticket (and the 5 other passengers), but I realize that's never going to happen.  Please try harder - in this economic state, you can't just expect to provide sub-par performance and survive.
2	Five stars for fares, one star for customer service.  Also, if you buy your ticket at  the counter instead of online you back to save more money by avoiding taxes and other fees.  if you look at the rules online you'll know exactly what to bring and what not to bring in order to avoid fees or minimize them.  this airline is also known for constant delays and extremely bad customer service, so just be ready for that expectation.  this airline is ideal for me since its leaves out of mesa arizona how much smaller airport compared to sky harbor.  a round trip ticket cost me 40 dollars.  if you can travel with the backpack that's the way to go they do not charge fees for that.  speak of the devil I was just informed that the flight is gonna be delayed by 1 hour and 40 minutes and this is what you have to put up with.  they lack reliability and customer service for that this company get 2 stars and that is really pushing it.  well at least they gave me this extra time to write this wonderful review while I sit here waiting for my flight!  what can I say get what you pay 4!  only use this airline for casual line if you have to be somewhere at a certain time you better pay some extra money and take a major airline that has a much better track record for on time and departure flights.
1	Ugh. UGH. Never again. Ever. First, I'm a loyal Southwest customer. I've come to value, very highly, their policies and procedures, especially after my experience with Spirit. I flew out to Chicago for my cousin's graduation and ended up booked on Southwest to Chicago and on Spirit on the way home (my mom booked and paid for my flights). On the way there, everything was peachy keen. Landed at O'Hare, which Id heard horror stories about, but everything went supersmooth. On the way back: Had to go through Midway this time, which was just sucky. Since the only way to check in online and print out one's boarding pass beforehand is to pay extra to pick a seat at the time of booking, I ended up in a short line to do all that at the airport. It took over 45 minutes for the 6 people ahead of me to get through the line. There were 4 agents working at the time. Frustrating, but I'm a very relaxed flier, so I wrote it off. Once I finally got through the line and through security, I had about 40 minutes until boarding. Once at the gate, I realized that there was no information re: flights anywhere. There were no gate agents to be seen, no monitors that could tell me that my flight was delayed, no nothing. I found out that I was delayed through word of mouth from all the other passengers. There were 2 gates in this area, with two flights scheduled. Everyone was confused about which gate they were leaving from, since the gates were written on our boarding passes by the agents at the front desk. I had to keep calling my family to get updates on my flight (no free wifi at Midway!). Eventually, two Spirit employees showed up, with no information. Eventually, boarding was started. It was easily the most chaotic boarding process I've ever seen. There was simply a crush of people trying to hand their boarding passes to the agent. No line, no attempt by the other Spirit employee to organize the crowd. I consider the fact that I got on the correct plane at all to be a minor miracle. During the flight, I was thirsty (the two hour delay, coupled with there being no restaurants/stores in the Spirit terminal). However, I was not about to pay for a drink on the flight. Not even an adult beverage; they even charge for water! Ridiculous.Pretty much: if you purchase a Spirit fare all excited that it's so cheap, it's not. Assuming that you want to carry anything more than a purse/backpack to your destination, print a boarding pass the night before or have a beverage and a bag of peanuts while flying, you'll end up paying at least the difference between the Spirit fare and the next cheapest. It might appear to be a deal, until you get nickeled and dimed to death.
4	From reading all the reviews I was kinda freaking out about my flight but honestly people it's not that bad.  I flew from LV to San Diego.  I can handle anything for 1 hour.One thing I notice from the posts is the displeasure of seating room and the extra costs.  The seats are tight - no doubt about that but you can add their roomier seats for something like $13 each way & they're huge.  I sat in the regular seats which weren't great but bearable.  I think you have to put things in perspective.  You get what you pay for.  If you want cheap air you're going to give up a little.Another thing people complained about is the baggage fees.  If you plan ahead you're good.  Just pay for a checkin bag and you will have no problems. Also, you get a carry on item.  I had a back pack and no one said anything.   Again, this has to do with planning.I would say if you're looking for a short flight that is half the price of Southwest it's a good deal.  If not then you should book S.W. or some other carrier.  If you are looking for a deal and "PLAN AHEAD" then this is a good alternative or if it's last minute you can save a little.  Now that being said the worst thing I can say is I didn't care for the staff.  No smiles, little bit of attitude etc.  - oh and french accents for the whole staff (kinda annoying).  The biggest annoyance is the people who sat near me and complained or made snide remarks about the extra costs and fees.  People - you have a choice.  This isn't some third world country where you only have one nationalized airline.  You can book somewhere else.  If you book it deal with it just don't get on a cheap flight acting like you're a priority first class passenger.  You're going cheap know your place.Hope this helps.  good luck.
1	They got a one because it wont let me rate them a ZERO. Terrible customer service. I should have read the reviews. Website made me double book, they told me to wait 7-10 days before they could refund my card, 12 days later and they're saying I was given a travel voucher? I specifically asked, and verifired that it would be a refund onto my card, gave them card number and everything.  Now they're saying it will take another 20-25 days becasue they had to restart my claim. Terrible. Terrible and Terrible.
1	DO NOT FLY!I can't even waste time writing paragraphs, I'll just list how awful the experience with Spirit was:1) Our flight to Vegas was almost canceled - fantastic.2) Our flight home from Vegas was "postponed..." And then consequently canceled.3) The Spirit concierge rescheduled everyone's flights except ours - when I asked them to do so for us as well, the woman's answer was a flat out lie: "What do you mean? I didn't book anyone else a flight."4) YOU HAVE TO PAY $40 FOR CARRY-ON BAGGAGE.When I asked the male concierge how they have the audacity to charge for carry-on, he said "That's why the seats were so cheap.  Just remember, if something sounds too good to be true, it probably is." Great, way to have faith in your company. UGH. Never fly Spirit again!!!!
1	NEVER AGAIN!!!Paid more for baggage than the cost of the flight, and that was the least of my concerns.People on my flight actually screamed out loud, on more than one occasion, because we feared for our lives. I am not a business flyer, but do fly several times a year. This was by far the worst flight I've ever been on. It was terrifying. The staff was self-righteous and down right rude. There was zero knee/leg room. Hidden charges everywhere. I don't know what the guy below me is talking about, because I had to pay $40 to carry-on a bag!Not only will I NEVER fly this airline again, but I will tell every person I come across of the horrific experience I encountered with this company.To the Spirit Airlines staff and 'executive' team . . . YOU SUCK!!!
1	I don't fly much but this has got to be the worst airline I have ever been on. The seats are very uncomfortable and not enough space at all. I had an aisle seat and it seemed a lot more narrow than some of the other airlines I have been on. Everytime someone walked by I kept getting bumped into and it wasn't like I was leaning towards the aisle. The seats were very squeaky and the tray tables were in desperate need of some WD-40. Everytime someone would pull it down it would make this loud screech noise that was very annoying. Nothing complimentary on this flight and you have to pay for any drinks or snacks you get. Seats were dirty and had stains all over them and smelled really bad. The flight wasn't as bad but just the overall experience wasn't a great one. I guess you get what you pay for since this is one of the cheaper airlines.
1	Overall, Spirit Airways has worst service that I have seen in any airlines. I am not complaining of the overhead baggage cost as they mention it in their guidelines and neither I am complaining about the fact that one needs to pay for soda (I honestly don't care about having a soda during a flight). But people should consider the additional charges while calculating the fare. Spirit Airlines charges $40 for carry-on bags that fit in the overhead bins. So the round trip fare will increase by $80, if one has carry-on bags that don't fit below the seat. The normal seats are really cramped and for a slightly taller person, s/he will have a hard time fitting into that space. If one needs more spacious seats (not talking about comfort; this is primarily to ensure that one doesn't develop a back ache), it will be another $13 or $26 for a round trip. So, the overall cost can be easily $100 more than your original ticket price. After traveling in greyhound buses during my student life 8 - 10 years back, I will say the comfort level with Spirit Air is worse than that of a Greyhound bus. On top of all these, I will add the ill-mannered flight crew/staff. During one of my flights, people complained about dirty restroom and the air hostess plainly said that one shouldn't expect the comfort and luxury of a home/resort during a flight. Not sure whether these staff ever go through any behavioral training! After traveling in 4 continents (US/Canada, Europe, Asia, Australia/New Zealand), I have no hesitation in saying that this is the worst airlines I have ever traveled in.
1	NOT A GOOD EXPERIENCEWow, I support the other comments: Bad, bad, quality airline. As soon as I was sitting at my seat, I heard my neighbors in front of us complaining about the x-tra prices: Never , never.... If you add up all their supplemental fees it will cost you more then a regular airline carrier.... and, with poor quality service. I will Never, Never, Never fly Spirit Airlines again! I do not know what they are thinking. I am 5'-10" and sitting back on my seat, my knees are touching the front seat. There is a hump in the middle of the back seat that is hurting me. Only 1 hour to go but next time I will use other airlines carrier to go to Vegas.  The plane pilot looked to be 22 years old, at landing in Oakland, the plane hit the tarmac very hard people were screaming OUCH! when we touched the ground. I did not feel safe.
4	Ok this is SPIRIT. They're not supposed to be Virgin or Emirates or even Southwest. They are the lowest of the low discount carriers (perhaps tied with Allegiant). If you know that going in, and prepare yourself, Spirit offers you the perfect opportunity to take trips that would normally be cost prohibitive. Be warned: the only bag you can take on board without paying is a backpack or a purse. I packed light, got everything in a small backpack, and flew to Phoenix (well, Mesa, actually) for less than $40 ROUNDTRIP and to LAX for $100! That's with taxes, fees, etc! The seats are tight, no doubt, but I even held my 10-month old baby on my lap for both flights, so it's definitely doable.If you want to carry-on 2 bags and check one; if you want to get 4 free ounces of soda and a bag of peanuts; if you want 3 more inches of leg room; if you want witty banter from the flight attendants......fly Southwest.BUT if cost is the most important item to you: pack light, bring a water bottle & fill it in the airport, brace yourself, and fly spirit!
2	Hello Spirit Airline. I'm sittin' in one of your planes now in Vegas headed to Oakland. It's already 45 minutes late because of some paperwork. Is this something I can get my money back for? Or I can sue you for.  The weather is lovely so it sure looks fine to fly. This wait is ridiculous. Please respond to mclato12@yahoo.com.
1	Just pay the extra to fly a trustworthy airline. They are AWFUL. I am actually sitting in vegas after my 1st flight was delayed in Chicago and now I have at least 5 people here telling me 10 different things on why I have been sitting here for 5 hours. The customer service, well the supervisor laughed in my face when I asked questions like " why is this flight delayed?" you know, respectable questions that any person waiting for 5 hours might want to know. Don't fly with them.
4	Wow some of you are so mean!  So this is Spirit Airlines, where their slogan is "hey we're a cheap airline" not a "hey we're super fancy and will give you free pretzels and prize ourselves on supreme utmost awesomeness."I enjoyed my spirit flight to DFW from LAS because I upgraded my seats, knew that I would be paying for my check-in baggage (we just took 1 huge one), and overall knew the experience I was getting into.  However, despite all that I still saved $430 from flying with any other airline.What was especially cool was that there were 3 drunk people on my redeye flight back to vegas who were being super loud and annoying and cursing and they were kicked off the flight, way to go spirit!  So if you choose Spirit a few tips:  1) UPGRADE YOUR SEATS!  Pay the additional fee to get one of the nicer seats, it makes a huge difference.  2) Try to get all your stuff into one super big luggage.  3) We took a backpack, and it was free, and that's where we kept our snacks or drinks (you are charged for them on the flight)4) I had awesome stewards/stewardesses.Just one downside, we were delayed on the way home, which kind of sucked, but the pilot made up the time in the air so that was awesome.
3	Spirit is OK. Like other reviewers have said, you need to prepare yourself for a flight, otherwise you WILL be caught by surprise by hidden fees. The key to this is reading their contract of carriage. Yes, it's like 900+ pages, but be aware of the fees and charges and you can indeed get a very cheap flight with them. I have flown back and forth a few times from Boston to Myrtle Beach for as little as $90 for my wife and myself. More typically, we do check a single bag, and end up paying around $160 or so RT for the two of us. We let the airline select our seat (it's an hour and a half flight, who cares?) and make sure to print boarding passes ahead of time. My wife and I have never not sat next to each other even with assigned seats. Double check your carry on items fit into the small personal item container. And you are OK. Yet, every single time I fly I see someone at the gate freaking out over a $40 checked bag fee. While I do feel bad that they were surprised by these costs, they aren't hidden. Finally; don't make any assumptions about what is free or not on Spirit Airlines. I wouldn't be surprised if they hooked up a mask to you to measure how much oxygen you use and charge for that. They key is research and making sure you are aware of what those fees are. Chances are, once you calculated it all out, you will still save a ton of money vs. flying another airline. It's just more of an aggravation to get there. Pros: Cheapest flights around, even after fees, if you plan for it. Cons: Requires hours of research to ensure you don't get charged extra for things; flights are often delayed or late.
1	3 hour delay from las to oak on sunday night. Trash in all the seat pockets (gum wrappers, empty soda bottle). Dont try calling their cust service either unless you like talking to outsourced policy monkeys. By far the worst airline I've ever experienced.
1	Awful!! $80 just to have a small bag checked in!! I will never fly with Spirit again. Ever!!!
1	My mother flew with me and I was having problems walking. I was trying to wheel my own carry on and under seat bag and asked the flight attendant if he would please help my mom get her rolling carry on over that big bump as you enter the plane. He looked at me, smiled and refused to help her. When we boarded the plane, one passenger said loudly "These seats are disgusting". I thought she was pretty rude, until I sat in the dirty seat with trash on the floors and in the seat pockets. The emergency instructions were torn in half.  A young German man, who obviously never flown a bargain airline, asked for a blanket and pillow and the flight attendant responded to his call with " Already?"..( I think referring to the fact we had not lifted off yet). And told him to get out his back pack for a pillow and blanket. On the way back, the one carry on bag that I shared with my mom was "overweight"- which was strange b/c the exact same stuff went in that bag the first time and was not over then. Another 25 dollar charge for that.  I am not sure how much money I saved, but had about 125 bucks in hidden fees, so next time it will be any other airline.
4	First time flying (OAK to Vegas).They aren't fancy.  But, they are cheap.  I upgraded to the "big seat" for $15.  That's the way to go!  My only complaint is that they only have two flights/day from Oakland to Las Vegas.  If they had more flights, they would put a hurt on Southwest.
1	This airline suck!!! The worst airline experience ever!!! The customer service was extremely rude. They charge you for anything and everything. $45 to take a carry-on. I will never fly this airline ever again!!!!
1	Thank you Spirit Airlines for being the airline that lacks compassion. My grandmother passed away before I could use my airline ticket that I purchased to say my goodbyes. In an attempt to modify my ticket to fly out for the funeral, I encountered rude and unhelpful operators. Spirit Airlines policy is to charge the consumer a $125 fee to cancel a reservation and receive zero credit from the original plane ticket purchased. The other option is to pay $125 to modify the ticket to another date, which is slightly reasonable. What was not reasonable was telling a mourning grandchild that they must immediately pick a date to modify their trip for a funeral. When I was disappointed to hear that they had no grievance policy, I informed them that I would need to call back since I was unsure of the funeral dates. The operator's response was "Just to let you know Ms. Perez, when you call back our policies will not change." I work in a profession that allows our employees to do what is in the customer's best interest. I am truly disappointed and disgusted with Spirit Airlines. I encourage everyone I know to never fly this airline. It is not worth the money saved flying a discount airline. Going forward, we will always fly a more reputable airline no matter what the savings may be with Spirit.
4	You get what you pay for.They are the cheapest airlines, they try to make money any way they can.If you don't read about the extra fees, that's your fault not there'sI love this airline for cheap flights from LAX to LAS Vegas.Here is a tip for all airlines: If you are able to get your bag through the metal detectors and onto the gate. They will 90% of the time check it for free. This will not work in Ft.Lauderdale and Spirit because they own the terminal.
1	Flying this airline only once was enough for me. Their hidden baggage fees are ridiculous. The flight and having to listen to the attendant trying to sell credit cards over the P.A was ridiculous too. Sorry, I just spent 3 days in Vegas. The last thing I want to hear are their attendants talking, talking, talking and talking and more taliking. I want to sleep. Just shut up already!
1	You can't spell IT RIPS without Spirit!it's the worst ever!!!
1	If I could give this airline negative points I would. $40 for a carry on?!?! What a joke. Both flights I took the planes were dirty and the staff we jerks. Never again
4	I flew them once but didn't have any issues. They do lure you in with a cheap base rate. Want to carry on? Cha Ching. Want a bigger seat with more room? Cha Ching. Oh you want to actually sit inside the airplane? Cha Ching. ;) Thirsty during the flight? Cha Ching. Yes, they charge for soft drinks and water! If you are traveling super light, just a bag that will fit under the seat are 5'4" and under I can recommend this airline. What was great for me was, I booked a last minute flight, I flew the next day for a very good price when most other airlines wer $500 plus more.
1	An airline that has stooped as low as it can. The experience fro beginning to end was just horrible. There is a charge for everything including getting your seat assignment, water, soft drinks ,peanuts, carry on bags and checked bags. No charge to use the toilet but stay tuned... To alter or change your  ticket there are huge fees and customer service is  in India with the usual challenges that go hand in hand with out of the country customer service. The seats were uncomfortable and the flight staff looked angry and tired.Never again no matter how CHEAP it looks.Its not.
1	If you're not booking directly through Spirit Airlines website, beware of their $50 carry-on baggage fee (each way/each bag). This hidden charge is not included in the price on Travelocity, Orbitz or Expedia websites, and will be sprung on you when you attempt to print your boarding pass at airport kiosk.If you're a very light traveler, and can stuff your clothes & toiletries inside a small backpack or shoulder bag (small enough to fit under your seat) you can avoid Spirit's exorbitant carry-on baggage fees. And yes, they do charge for checked-in bags as well.Lesson: If you're booking through Travelocity or Orbitz, make sure to add $100 baggage fees to Spirit 's deceptively low fare.
1	Never again.  I used Travelocity to book a flight out to Vegas for a business trip.  This was the only flight with the times I needed so I booked it.  I didn't think it was all that great a deal either. And Travelocity didn't warn about all the fees you will incur when you do check in with Spirit (which I really think they should do since they aren't like other airlines). I'm pretty sure if you sneezed and asked for a tissue, a flight attendant would charge you for it.  I am a really anxious flier, so for me I need to sit in the window and see what's happening.  I checked in like I would with any flight to pick my seat, and if you want to actually choose your seat you pay at least $18 for it.  Otherwise you can let them assign you and maybe you won't be shoved in the middle.  I don't like this, no other airline does this.  It's a rip off.  Bags were also a few dollars more, and the weight limit is 10 lbs. less than every other airline.  Strike two.  Between picking a normal seat (nothing special...and don't expect leg room) and checking my bags it was about $100 extra.  What a rip off.  Oh, and if you want to carry-on instead of checking, you will pay about $100, so don't waste your money.  They will find a way to make you pay. They also destroyed my luggage, and this suitcase is pretty indestructible.The leg room is non-existent, and you feel like you are riding a greyhound in the sky.  The plane seems like it is about to fall apart at any moment, and if you feel cramped in a regular airplane, this will make you feel claustrophobic.  The only awesome part was that they had drink deals.  One drink for $8 or two for $11.  Worth it to get two if you are flying a long distance. And they come around twice during the flight.
1	Cheap and nasty.  Actually, not cheap at all.  If you add on all the unexpected extras this airline might be one of the most expensive.  I was told at the counter, if I don't print out my own boarding pass I would be charged $2.00 extra per ticket.  My choice.  Some choice.   Also, it cost $45.00 to check each piece of luggage, $50.00 to carry it on.  Folks if you think your suitcase  is small think again.  Get out your measuring tape.   And, imagine  being asked to help with the cleanup at the end of a flight so Spirit can keep their prices down.  By the way Spirit the pocket in front of me had garbage still in it from the previous customer (nasty)   That was your first and only opportunity to impress me.
1	This is probably the second time or third time I've flown with Spirit. The other times were so so. For short flights it's bearable, for longer flights no way in hell will I be going with Spirit. Also there were delays three days in a row (Flight heading back to Portland from Las Vegas), seriously? Mother-in-law left and was delayed for about an hour, friends left the next day and was delayed for about 2 hrs, and the same thing happened to us while we were leaving the following day but longer, we had a 3 hour delay! Their excuse was they were changing out a part, for real you can't schedule maintenance a little better? What was the excuse for all the other days prior? On top of that they charge for everything, you can't even get water without being charged. Seats are also small and cramped, and mind you I'm not that big but seats still sucked. They didn't even announce to the passengers that if you keep your flight stub and call them they would credit you $50.00 (sucky compensation if you ask me but still better than nothing) for your next flight because of the long delay (not that I would book with them again). Instead I heard this from a nice gentleman that made it his mission to announce it. The only saving grace was that they hired the right flight attendant, Hector, I believe was his name. His cheerful demeanor and attitude really lightened the mood of everyone on the plane. I hope they treat their employees better than their customers.
1	Avoid at all costs. The $30-$60 savings using Spirit over another airline is not worth the time you will spend in the airport, paying extra baggage fees and dealing with staff that don't care about how you get from A to B. Even writing the company an email telling them how they screwed up isn't fruitful. After they delayed my flight from LAS to LAX 3 hours (I COULD HAVE DRIVEN) they managed to send me a nice email that was basically saying, 'we don't give a shit, thanks for giving us your money.'Customer service isn't in the Spirit Airlines vernacular. As a customer, you'll always be the last thing on their minds.
1	They don't even deserve a star.1. They are NOT the cheapest airline if you want to bring luggage with you! For whatever savings you have in flight fare, you have to pay additional $45 for checked baggage or $50 for carry-on! I've never even heard of that!2. Terrible customer service. At one point, a flight attendant joked about the safety protocols - if we weren't listening, she wished us good luck if the plane crashed..3. If you don't like leg space on the airplane, then this is your airline. But if you're like me and like some space, you won't like Spirit. I'm 5'1'' and even I barely had space to just sit normally. Ridiculous. Don't use Spirit. Pay the "extra" money to use another flight, and you'll break even with the additional fees Spirit tacks on. Spirit - I want to say a lot of profane things right now but am refraining.. this time. Never again.
1	You don't even get what you paid for... you get your trip ruined minus your precious time. I will never ride Spirit even if they pay for my flight as my time is more precious. This is the worst airline (or is it even?) I ever flew and I had been on 15+ including many budget airlines all across the world.I was writing to explain mine and my friend's worst experience in brief, but it became an essay. So don't read below this paragraph unless you really want to. Just believe me and fly other airline, NOT Spirit.Below are the experience I had... the worst.... I couldn't even believe- I woke up 10 min before scheduled departure of my original flight and called spirit for another ticket on later flight that night, after explaining the situation. (100% my fault) Then found out that the flight was actually delayed for 1.5 hr. If they have told me that it was delayed, I probably have made the original flight since MGM is like 5 minutes from airport.- The next flight at 10 PM that costed $110 was delayed for 1 hr then changed to 2 hr then 4 hr, making me arrive Oakland at 2:55 AM! Plane from Portland was sitting at the departing airport all the time, but I was not told at the counter, or the boarding pass and NOBODY was at the gate until then changing 2 hr delay to 4 hr.- Things happen and I under stand that. But after check-in, settle in, etc, I will hardly get any sleep at my hotel that costed me almost $200 which was non-refundable, but I rather get some good sleep then continue the next day, so I kindly explained my situation to the attendant at the gate, asking maybe they will push me to next morning and provide me a room. She says things happens we can't control it. Your money is yours. Our is ours. Nope. I just shorten it down, but they were VERY RUDE. No apology at all. Non of this is their fault. At this point I just decided to sleep one more night on my money and move my ticket next morning.- People were lining up at the gate already, so I thought I will go to the counter and talk to manager about this situation and get my ticket changed at the same time. After explaining about the situation and the rudeness of the staff and etc, not demanding a single thing, just expressing complaints about their service, AND even telling her that all this time non of the staff mentioned any word close to "sorry" or "apologize" and that's what made me mad and the service should be better and what I get is... the same line from the staff at the gate.. not a single apologize or even a slight expression of it.... -I give up now. I bet the CEO of Spirit will tell me the same thing. I ask the supervisor if she can change my ticket for tomorrow morning's flight and she "points" at the line with 30 people waiting. When I asked her really, she suggests me to pass security walk all the distance to the gate to ask the staff there.- After talking to Spirit staff on the phone (to make things quicker I thought) for 20 mins and after further lightening my wallet further for taxi and hotel, I flew out about 1 hour after scheduled time the next morning. - My friend arrived and departed (or supposed to) with Spirit on same route. I get a  text from him before his arrival, 2 hours delay... I get a text from him upon his departure, 2 hrs delay... then flight canceled.... He had to stay over night, couldn't get on the morning flight with Spirit and finally flying back on Southwest at 7 PM.- Due to my situation and my friend's, I had to check their LAS-OAK route schedule  for about 5 days and they have 2 flights a day. NOT A SINGLE ON TIME. They are all delayed for 40+ minutes and more than half of them like 2 hours or canceled.I would never fly with Spirit. I would never fly with them even if they give me ticket for free. I would give it a thought if they pay me $500 and bagging them to fly them one more time. If I am alone. But I will refuse if this flight is for an important trip like a marriage. Save yourself. Sorry about the long review. I was just so frustrated.UPDATE: After reading other reviews, I figured I did not say anything about the quality of their flight onboard. I am 5' 11" and my legs were pinned at front seat (sorry for the front passenger). The plane was pretty old not in good shape, worse than a propeller plane that I had been on in US two years back. I haven't tried the restroom or other thing, but one thing I noticed while exiting the plane was that two staffs at the gate, and who always say "thank you for flying with us", were chatting themselves. At that point I figured, even the employees know it.
1	made a reservation with this suck @&& airline through Orbiz few months ago but they keep  changeing my flights in n out without given any notice and we called talk to them few hours and they lie about the flights said it  was cancel but we check online it was NOt. They're BAD really bAD do not fly with them ever again.......Beware
1	NEGATIVE star!!!!!!!We booked our vacation package through Orbitz 3 months ahead. At that time,Spirit  Airline had the most fitted flight schedule,so we picked it. But we were notified the flight we booked was cancelled and we had to fly out the following morning. We were force to accept it&booked an additional night stay at Vdara. When we arrived at airport, they told us our normal size carry-on luggage cannot fit on the overhead bin. We had to pay $35.00 for each luggage both way!!! Then we tried to check in online for our returning flight the night before...our flight time changed to a night flight! We were shocked co'z we had to get back to work. So I called Spirit Air ... I was on the phone for more than an hour trying to get help. First the rep from overseas told me the flight had been cancelled. But i knew it wasn't true since i checked on flight  schedule online. Then they told me there was an error, our flight is overbooked& they can't do anything about it. How about that?!?! Then I called Orbitz,waited for 24mins before I get to speak to a person. Elise the rep was nice but not helpful. She 3 way called Spirit Airline but nothing can be done. So...we were forced to changed our plan twice. Second time without any notification at all. Don't ever fly with Spirit Airline!!!!
1	RIPPED OFF at every step --Don't EVER fly with these folks unless you don't mind the extra stress, hassle, and ripped off sour taste in your mouth. Family went from Portland to Las Vegas over the holidays. Yes, our fault we didn't read every single fine print sentence -- we never knew an airline would THINK about charging for ... carry on baggage!! We paid over $ 200 just in these fees. They charge for water, for boarding passes. I'm still astounded, and WILL NEVER use this airline again.  They are not cheaper once you add on these fees.I've never been in such a cheap feeling airplane, and less leg room than I've ever experienced. Please hope these folks go out of business.
1	Absolutely horrible experience! Flying Spirit air was an epic mistake that I will NEVER make again! I lost two full days on my trip to Jamaica because spirit did not have a crew for the airplane! We sat at the gate looking at an airplane with no captain or crew. The only smart ones at the terminal were the captain or crew for staying home and not wasting their time with spirit airlines. The flights at the gates on either side of us were actually canceled and the people had to find hotel rooms at 11:00pm. I had two flights to and from Jamaica and every single flight was delayed. NEVER AGAIN.
1	I want to go and shower after dealing with these slime balls! The hidden baggage fees these jerks get away with are criminal. We've got 7 people flying....someone else booked the flights. They admitted they had not used Spirit before. They have apologized using Spirit. Spirit's website would not let me check my bags online from their site for some reason (because someone else in our party had checked themselves in which is the normal thing to do!! Spirits website automatically did the whole party as a check in their fore everyone else gets to pay the extra fees...which you dont' know that at the time 'til you call the creeps) Sooo....I had to call Spirit to get my bags checked in and pay upfront (which is supposed to save you $5 per bag). But, because I called Spirit charged me $5 extra. My wife and I both are checking 2 bags each for $160...because Spirit does not allow normal carry on /roll ons. I explained to their foreign phone operator that had their website allowed me to check in online my bags and myself like it's supposed to....I wouldn't be charged the extra charge....anyone defending these actions are stupid and/or probably work for this airline. This flight for us will cost us more than had we booked another airline. I can not say enough to express how used I feel having to fly with these crooks. Do yourself and everyone else a favor...DO NOT USE this airline and let this guys get away with their game plan they've got going. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!! I will let any and all Spirit employees on my flight know my feelings and hopefully my venting to these airline peeps will at least let me feel better for being taken. A pox on these guys!!!
5	Spirit Airlines is the best airline I've ever flown! I wish I could give it 10 stars! I'm not stupid, I'm not insane, I just know how to travel cheap, from point A to point B, and save a whole lot of money. I originally began flying Spirit in late 2011 from OAK-LAS and back several times a year. Ever since I began flying Spirit, I've had wonderful flights, all on time, never delayed or cancelled, I've had the kindest crew, and great comfort. DO NOT be fooled by other reviews where people say "Don't fly Spirit; hidden fees" where those users have only taken the airline once or twice, and have never read the fine print about what this airline does for it's customers. This airline does charge for both carry on and checked baggage, however Spirit allows you to put 1 small bag underneath the seat in front of you for free. Also, DO NOT try and sneak your bags through security thinking you'll get it on for free, they will charge you $100 at the gate-I've seen it, and I've seen people get rejected from boarding the flight because they didn't have $100 to pay the fee. Save yourself time and money by booking ahead of time. If you're smart, you may be in the $9 fare club like myself and gain instant access to discount bag fees and discount flights. It's one of the reasons I love this airline and why I fly so cheap. The most I ever paid for a roundtrip flight was $120 from Oakland to Las Vegas two days before the departure date. I didn't have any bags, I didn't select my seats, therefore, I paid the fare that I saw at the bottom. There are no hidden fees unless you're stupid to believe that being charged for baggage is a hidden fee. Also, they do charge for snacks (they give unlimited free refills for coffee and tea)-if you have a problem with that, fly for another airline. Spirit is meant to be a budget airline, and be thankful for flying!Throughout 2012, and just in 2013, I've been taking Spirit back and forth between Las Vegas and Oakland. Spirit has provided the cheapest fares with at least $100 in savings compared to different airlines, or airports. My flights, which are sometimes purchased at the last minute, end up costing me anywhere from $27-$60. My most recent flight cost me $27 and was purchased 30 hours before my flight left. Be sure to keep an eye out for their fares as they sometimes rise or lower as the days go on. If you're traveling without bags, and you're not selecting your seat, THE PRICE YOU SEE IS THE PRICE YOU PAY. Once you're at the airport, you can choose any seats free of charge, unless it's a Big Front Seat-then you'll have to pay a fee. The BFS are EXACTLY like business class of any other airline-It's like American, Delta or Airtran for Example. It's a 2x2 seat configuration with a little more recline than economy, and more legroom. Trust me. I tend to book BFS because I'm over 6 feet, and like to spread out like everyone else. The seats are HEAVENLY! Especially the brand new airbuses that just came out with leather seats! Even the cramped up seats towards the back are nice-you just have to spend a few minutes adjusting and you'll be fine.Spirit is a wonderful airline. I love flying with them, and always look at their fares before looking at other airlines. The crew is always a delight to be around, the flights always leave on time and tend to arrive a bit early. Despite their rules about charging for bags, or snacks, they're a great airline. Even Virgin Australia and Virgin America charges for snacks and checked baggage, so why complain? Just remember to read the fine print about bag and seat fees, book in advance and save money, and if you're tall like myself, get youself a good seat. This IS a budget airline. :)Hashtag #SpiritAirlines on Instagram and you'll see some of my pictures of what you're going to get. Feel free to message me with any questions.
1	Wow!  I have traveled all over the world and have never seen a more terrible airline. NEVER AGAIN!!!  We arrived for our 12:30am flight to Dallas from Vegas but the flight was delayed to 12;50am then 2:00am then 2:30am then 4:00am.  It is now 3:00am and the workers have made it clear that the flight will likely not take off.  They offered us a refund of our baggage fees and our seat assignment fees (that's right, seat assignment fees), but the told us they could not refund our ticket prices.  The $750 for our 4 tickets would have to come from the third party site we booked through.  Really the worst!  I can't believe this is an American company.  Believe the reviews and don't book with spirit!
1	Wish I had checked yelp before booking spirit.  I have flown American, delta, southwest, northwest, London air, Alaskan, Swiss air- even India air and more...not a picky passenger.  Had some planes that were older, some not as clean as they should be, flight attendants that were not very pleasant but I have never EVER witnessed a "business" like this one! Supposed to have the 12:30 redeye from Vegas to Dallas...flight has been postponed til 4 am- maybe.  Looks like they are canceling it all together due to mechanical issues.  I came into this with eyes wide open thanks to yelp (after tickets were booked) we packed our cases perfectly paid the cheapest fee we could to check the bags.  The man checking us in was nice but freely and laughingly  admitted that they don't care how many reviews get posted, etc.  "get it all out" were his words. (We were being nice, just asked if a lot of people get upset about the bags, etc.)  Anyway, we were prepared to deal.  Love you, Heath!!! Good seein' you tonight.  :) love the glasses.We joked about the small space we knew we'd be crammed into, we bought snacks ahead of time, we played games when it was delayed.  But not getting us there at all is unacceptable...and from the reviews this is typical for spirit.  A cheap airline is one thing...but all of these problems - too much.  This place needs to change their ways or shut down so they quit messing up people's travel plans! To those few positive reviews...after what I've read, heard from other friends, and now seen in person, I'm convinced that you are either very, very, very lucky or (and more likely) you are the spirit executives! I'd like to join my fellow yelpers and say, "NEVER AGAIN, Spirit!!!!"
1	NEARLY RUINED MY TRIP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DANGEROUS AIRPLANES How anyone could possibly rate this airlines above one star is an absolute falsification of information. This is the worst experience I've ever had traveling. 2 hour delay going, 1.5 hour delaying coming. Combine that with bag charges of $150. Originally my ticket from Oakland to Las Vegas was $149 roughly $20 cheaper then southwest. Bag charges brought my ticket to just below 300. The delays caused me to have to pay for an extra day of parking as well.
3	Spirit Airlines is what it is, and that's a cheap airline that up sells you on everything. If you are looking for a cheap flight to go on vacation you should be looking somewhere else. The bag fees will eat up any money you could've saved. However, if you are just traveling with a backpack or small suitcase those fees do not apply and the price of the flight is as cheap as it gets. Just make sure you know what you are getting into before you fly. It isn't like they try to disguise the fees as they are clearly marked when you purchase tickets.
1	The worst of the worst. Have you ever seen the southwest commercials and wonder who they are talking about? Well the answer is Spirit. The price may seem great at first but when you factor in all the hidden charges, its not worth it. I took a short 2 day trip from San Diego to Las Vegas. My girlfriend and I packed one bag in order to save money. Roundtrip cost $80. Then if we want to sit next to each other in the rear of the plane $5 per passenger, per flight. Next our flight leaving SD was delayed and hr. Great start to the trip. So Vegas was fun. My girlfriend won $. Hooray!!!Now back to Spirit. Too bad Iron Maiden took the title of their airplane Flight 666. Otherwise, I would give it SpiritReturning to SD the flight was cancelled, 1 hr line to talk to some idiot woman who did absolutely nothing for me. So instead I rented and car and drove 5 hrs through the dessert. I've had some horrible experiences with airlines but this was by far the worst airline i've ever flown.Avoid Spirit at all cost. Pun intended
1	The worst airlines to ever take. To my surprise the charge for practically everything. $50 for a carry-on, $45 for first bag to check in and goes up to over $200 to check bags in. This is insane. Oh and if your military, it doesn't matter cause they still charge.
1	You get what you pay for.  Took my first and last trip on Spirit.  Flew from Las Vegas to Fort Lauderdale and back.  The plane was a dog.  My window seat looked like it was cleaned with mop water.  Garbage in my seat pocket.  A seat that wouldn't recline.  Dirty head rests.  A 4.5 hour flight and i'm not even offered water?  Maybe that's a good thing since only one of the two lavatories was working.  Spirit did get me there on time, but I ran for a shower immediately.
1	I hope I never have to fly this airline again, the price may be cheap, but the extras cost us another $200, a rip off, they charge for everything. And there is no leg room at all.
1	DO NOT BOOK WITH THIS AIRLINE PAY THE EXTRA MONEY... $45 to check in a bag $50 to check in a CARRY ON????? And if you take your carry on to the gate and it doesn't fit in the box they have designated which by the way can only fit a freaking infant in fetal position! They will charge you $100 yes $100 the leg room is unheard of and literally because you HAVE NONE I have no idea how this airline is still in business thank you Orbitz for the deal but next time I am booking directly with the airline itself and definitely not SPIRIT booooo!! thumbs DOWN!
1	There really is not much to say that hasn't been said already, but I will write my story/review anyway...I flew Spirit a year ago to Ft. Lauderdale and had no problems, issues, or delays. This time, we flew to Vegas from O'hare Wed-Sat and it was a completely different situation. I knew about the luggage cost, so the additional $150 I had to pay for my boyfriend and I was something I was "okay" with. I paid on-line the night before because it's a bit cheaper that way. For carry-on, I paid $40 each way for his bag, and for my check-in luggage, I paid $35 each way. We arrived to O'hare on Wednesday 2/13, with clear, blue skies in Chicago and obviously in Vegas, however, there was a two hour delay. So instead of leaving at 9:09 am, we ended up departing at 10:51 am. When we asked the extremely rude lady at the counter for the reason, all we got in response was an idiotic look and a "whhaaaaatttt?" At this point, my boyfriend was going crazy, but I was still "okay" with the situation because I've heard A LOT worse, and read A LOT worse. Fast forward three days later... we arrive to the Vegas airport about 1.5 hours before our scheduled departure at 5:20 pm. We go through check-in and all that, get to our gate, and it says 5:54 pm. Ok.. fine... we can handle 30 minutes. I step out to get a drink, and my boyfriend calls me to tell me that it just got pushed to 8pm!!!!!!!!!!!! I get back to the gate, and they announce that the plane has a maintenance issue and is currently in San Diego. Not sure how much more time passes by, but we get another announcement that the plane is now delayed until 9:30 pm and that there is something wrong with the plane and is getting a part replaced in San Diego. WOW... At this point, they called everyone up to receive a voucher. I got in line thinking it may be a voucher for a free flight or something (HA!), though my boyfriend was against getting anything from them, and we ended up getting a voucher for a meal in the airport for $7 per person... are you freaking kidding me?! We ended up using it and it was not even enough to cover two pretzels and two drinks... thanks a lot Spirit!!! It's more like a joke than anything... At one point in our short stay at the airport, I walked by the screen, and saw that the departure now says 10:04 pm... these bastards didn't even announce anything until 15 minutes after I saw the time on the screen. There was nothing anyone could do but wait... and that's what we all did. NEVER AGAIN am I going to fly through Spirit... I don't know how the hell this company is still in business or operating. I highly doubt that they were fixing the plane... they just don't have enough of them and what is a 5 hour delay to their passengers?!?! The staff is beyond rude.. I feel like that's a requirement when they apply for this job. I had a great trip, but this totally ruined everything and I am still recovering from exhaustion!!!
3	I have never used "ghetto" in any of my past reviews, but I was quite sure I would be plastering all over this one.We were originally booked on another airline, but due to a mechanical failure our flight was either going to be delayed several hours or cancelled. These things happen and I really wont hold against that red tailed airline, as I would rather arrive safe than not at all.It was the last flight of the night and we just wanted to get home and our options were limited. The customer service agent then suggested we head over to the Spirit counter.No, really.I've heard all the horror stories how this airline charges for everything from carry on baggage to peanuts. But it was literally the only option. Amazingly there was no line at the ticket counter. I told the customer service rep the deal and in turn he gave me the low down. He did an excellent job explaining each and every additional charge and broke everything down right down to the amount they charge for fuel (pretty much all airlines charge for fuel, you just didn't know that). My last question before committing. "hey, leg room is essential can we book aisle seats?"Unfortunately all the aisles were already taken, but the agent then told us for an additional $75 we could book what they call the "Big Seat".What the hay, we want to get home and even though the flight would take us to Oakland and not SFO it was worth the risk and maybe might even score a Yelp review out of it.I must say, I was pleasantly surprised by said "Big Seat". It was pretty much like any other domestic Business Class seat on most any other airline, minus the pitch. The airplane itself was new and not at all smelly like I had expected. The service in the air was again good but not great then again it was only an hour plus flight. The overhead compartments were large enough to easily fit our carryons.You probably wont find me switching my allegiance to Spirit. But I must say this, for what they advertise they are. That is exactly what you get.We got Spirit yes we do!
1	If you like spending time at airports this is the airline for you! Flight to Vegas was delayed by an hour, then we were boarded and had to disembark due to mechanical issues, the airline did not have a mechanic available so they had to fly one into Oakland from las Vegas, the mechanic missed his flight and eventually they used a mechanic in Oakland (a union issue perhaps?). A 12:50 flight delayed until 5:30. When we finally got on the plane again and were able to leave, it was possibly the most cramped I have ever been on a plane.  I am 5'11" and I was just barely wedged in.My return flight was cancelled, without another flight to rebook until 18 hours later.  I had to wait in line for 90 minutes to get a voucher for a hotel that night, and by the time I got it the shuttle was no longer running, so I had to pay for a cab.  I was given a $150 voucher for purchase of future flights, which of course will never be used.
1	My first time using Spirit was just fine - even with all the extra charges for seats, drinks, luggage etc - it still worked out and I saved a bit of money. This last trip from Oakland to Vegas was no problem - all went well - problem was on the flight home. I arrived on time for the flight waiting at the gate - and 45 before the flight we are told to move to another gate - no worries - hoofed it over to next gate - arrive at new departure gate and we are told our plane is being taken over by  flight to Chicago - WTF why?. Our flight was delayed over an hour - what made matters worse is that attendant at he desk near the gate never really told a lot of the folks expecting to go to Oakland on time that their was delay and the announcements over the loud speakers kept telling us we were still on time for Oakland - guess what a lot of people for Oakland start trying to board the Chicago flight - not good. Finally get on the right flight - arrived to my seat which I paid more for and found that someone had broken an ink pen and smeared ink all over the seat - did not look like the seat had been cleaned - I was not offered another seat - I had to scrounge around and find something to place over the seat so I could sit down and not ruin my pants - never again Spirit - dirty planes, delays all the time from what I heard from other passengers.
1	The absolute WORST airline on the planet. They may have a cheap ticket but then they nail you for everything under the sun. If they could charge for the air you breath, they would charge for that too. Then after you pay for practically a second ticket, the airplane are old and decrepit. I will gladly walk to my next destination then ever fly Spirit Airline again.
1	Spirit by far is THE worst airline I have ever flown on. Don't be lured in by the illusion of the best ticket price. You WILL pay one way or another. Not only do the dirty-backed seats not provide any legroom, they charge you $45-50 extra to check in or carry on a bag. If u pay online supposedly you save $15. After setting up an acct which they promise only takes a minute, and attempting this too too many times, I was not able to complete my transaction and was eventually blocked, flight closed. Upon arriving to the airport and deciding to deal with a human instead of the computer, the nice rep told me I'd have to check in at the kiosk or she'd have to charge me to check in at the counter. The worst! Now my flight has been delayed for a second time today.  This has been my first and last experience with this raggedy penny pinching money hungrier than the rest airline. They don't seem to care a bit, only about the bottom line which leads me to question whether they've gone the cheap route and refurbished airplanes maybe others have passed up. I wouldn't put it past them.  if I could give them zero stars I would.
5	Awesome for accompanied minors..
1	Oh my god. This is the worst airlines I have ever been on. They were going to charge me for water!,,,,really? Charges to book your seats, charges for two pieces of luggage and a carry on we're $140 and that was one way. It would have been cheaper to book a regular airlines, pay full price and not so many headaches. The hotel in Vegas said never fly spirit. They seemed to all know and nobody told me until after. Spirit airlines is the only airlines we could not print out a boarding pass for. Now let,s talk about led room. There wasn't any!,,,,, my knees were up around my neck and forget about crossing your legs. If that wasn't bad enough I had no tray table that was functional for those pricy bottles of water as mine was duck tapped shut and broken. Going on about how much I hate this airline is not worth the time it takes to type all of this. My hope is to save another unsuspecting person from going through all ths. It really did ruin our trip.
1	Avoid, avoid, avoid...... what seems to be a great deal fare turns out to be a much higher rate. they charge extra for everything, everything I say......get the point?
2	As one yelper put  it "this is the greyhound of the skies". I would agree.  Maybe even through walmart of the skies in there.Bottom line, if you don't mind:1.)  non existent customer service2.)  EXTREMELY cramped seating ( I am 5'4 and my knees were touching the back of the chair in front of me with my seat all the way up.  My husband who is 6'0 was seriously uncomfortable3.) Being nickeled and dimed at every turn (you have to PAY for carry on baggage and water on the plane)4.) Dirty planes (bathroom smelled like an outhouse - seriously)5.) Chairs were ripped and I couldnt use my tray table because it was broken and wrapped shut in duct tape (kid you not - i posted a photo).6.) Late departure for no assorted made up reasons (once it was a late flight crew, the other time they said ti was due to weather....seriously? the plane we were waiting on was coming from Portland to Las Vegas and there were no storms. I think they just say this because they are short planes and they dont mind passing the wait time on to passengers.  There were two other spirit flights that were saying the same thing in the airport around us.7.) Flight attends arguing about a cleaning crew not coming to do their job loudly in front of everyone9.) Having to pay to select your seat or risk being seated away from your traveling companions..........then this might be the airline for you.I could give you the nitty gritty details regarding everything above but trust me, it has been said before. I have never flown on Spirit and was in a pinch so I had to go with them but I will never fly with them again.  They are almost as bad as United Airlines.Alaska or Southwest for me next time.If you dont have the money to fly anything else than maybe go with spirit but just know you are really only saving a few dollars after paying for baggage, choosing your seat etc.
1	The main reason that I left a 1 star (I'd leave 0 if I can) were the charges. Spirit Airlines charges you for anything and everything every step of the way. Here's a brief overview of their charges:- Charge to sit next to each other ($5-$15)- Charge to CARRY-ON luggage ($35-$45)- Charge to CARRY-ON luggage if you didn't pay before security: $100- Charge to CHECK-IN luggage ($35-$45)- Charge for water/drinks/beverages ($3-$7)- Get this. Charge for PRINTING YOUR TICKET AT THE CHECK IN DESK ($5)I am a little miffed about the last one. No airline charges for that. On the trip over to Vegas we made a mistake by not paying for our luggage ahead of time, so it was $45 to check in. To fly back to Oakland we paid for it online ($35 for checked luggage since we paid ahead of time) but we didn't have a printer so we didn't print out our boarding pass. So figures you can just print it at the kiosk or the check in desk when you drop off your luggage right? My partner lined up to go drop off the luggage for check in and asked to print the ticket while at the front. The representative for Spirit said it'll be a $5 to print at the desk whereas it's FREE at the kiosk. Basically, she wasted not only OUR time but the time of the people waiting behind us in line, by basically refusing to service us unless we have a boarding pass. It would've taken less time for her to just print it out for us. We had to get out of line, print boarding pass at kiosk, and then get back in line. Very nonsensical.Also the airplane itself is very old. Much much older than Southwest. The seats were worn out and it's very obviously so. They constantly disrupt the flight in making announcements for people to get a Mastercard membership with them to get a free ticket, or some promotional program or something. Very annoying and loud. Nothing you'd hear in Southwest.Horrible experience, never going with Spirit again. We definitely paid more by going on Spirit and had much more unsatisfactory experience. Should've just paid a bit more upfront for Southwest!! Then we could have sat together too (for free!!)- - - - -Another Sad Story of how Horrible it is:My partner and I were going to the gate at Oakland to board the plane to Vegas. On our way in, we saw a guy trying to fit his luggage into the "Free" slot at the gate. He managed to fit it in, but it was a little over the edge (maybe an inch above). The Spirit airline representatives were very stubborn and very un-sympathetic. They said it doesn't fit all the way in. Since it didn't fit all the way in, it was $100 to carry on the plane if you pay at the gate. My partner and I went through the gate, and didn't hear the rest of the conversation. Turns out 10 minutes later, that guy was actually seated behind me. What happened was, he ended up taking all of his clothing out of his suitcase and just stuffed it in a bag, and brought it on the plane. He ditched his suitcase because it was ridiculous to pay $100 to carry it on. Yet there were plenty of empty luggage compartments above us throughout the plane. Why did that 1 inch matter? The service representatives at spirit are ruthless!!Lesson here? Be careful when you're flying Spirit (try not to even fly it at all). Make sure to measure your bags. Seriously.
4	I recently booked flights for my family and myself to fly to DFW. Our travel dates were 3/2/13-3/5/13. I started reading travel stories about how horrible spirit airlines is and got very nervous about flying with this airline. Upon arriving at the airport I was approached by Debra she wanted to make sure I had paid for my bags because we had luggage with wheels. I informed her this was our first time flying with spirits so I went ahead and paid for extra bags to be safe. Debra was so nice and helpful about the entire situation and even told me I paid for too many bags and refunded the bags I shouldn't have paid for !!!! This was the best service I have ever received at an airline and I have flown jet blue several times, southwest, air trans and delta. Our great experience continued aboard the flight. Our flight attendants Dustin and Jesue were hilarious and provided great service the entire flight!!!! The flight back the attendants were not as good as the first flight but still was good. I am writing this review because I have only read bad reviews about this airline and this was not the case for me, so I feel it's only fair to give credit were it is due! Thank you spirit airline for a great experience. I know a lot of ppl complain about the fees but the tickets are so cheap how can you complain?
1	Flight delayed both ways, with no reason given. Poor customer service. Nickled and dimed for EVERYTHING: $25 for a carry-on bag, $5-$50 extra to actually get a seat with your travelling companion, $3 for an in-flight beverage (I'm talking soda here, not alcohol) etc. etc.  And literally, the most crammed, jam-packed seating arrangement possible for an aircraft: you get about 8 inches between your face and the seat in front of you. You could not PAY me to fly this airline ever again. EVER.
1	Worst airline ever.Hope they do the world a favor and go out of business.
1	This was the worst airline ever!!!!I should have known when I booked my flight what I was getting into.. they charged me twice! There was no apology or empathy for the over draft charge in my bank account that accumulated due to there mistakes either. And when I told them to cancel them both I was told it would be a $100 few! Are you kidding me?!!  So there I was stuck..My plane was delayed each way by 3-4 hours. Now I had heard the seating was a little cramped but I am only 5'3 so  i didn't think anything about it.. boy I was surprised when my legs where hitting the back of the seat in front of me!!! My legs where cramping from the lose of blood flow!  I couldn't help but feel sorry for the man in the window seat who was 6' ! The seats where torn and the airplane smelt like the bathroom which all most made me loose my lunch! When I went to the bath room I got to see why.  I've seen and smelt better portapotties  in 100 degree weather!Not only do they charge you for any baggage.but water too and you better bring your credit card  since they don't take cash (what the hell? Cash is king!) $3 for a can of soda!I for one will never take Spirit again! It worth the extra money to take another airline!
1	Since I can't rate 0 stars for Spirit Air, i'll be generous and give them 1 star. Wow, someone already said it - "riding Spirit Air is like riding on an old beat-up greyhound bus".  This is probably as ghetto as an airline can get. Yes, it lists the cheapest flight prices on the internet, but they'll get you on: seat assignments, (+$5 to $25), printing your boarding pass at the counter (+$5), baggage fees (+$25), and if your carry on luggage has wheels (+$25). I'm thinking that this is their business model - charge the lowest fares, but don't tell the customer about the additional MANDATORY CHARGES, until they commit to the fare. This is EXTREMELY SHADY!!! I have a feeling that that this airline will not last long. If they told you about all these charges up front, then guess what? It's no longer the cheapest fare on the internet! They pretty much ruined my vacation plans last week. I had a 4-day weekend and decided to go to the SF Bay Area. Flight was scheduled for 11:00am. When I got to the airport, they announced that the flight would be delayed for 5 HOURS!!! What the @%$#??? So now I end up missing a couple of important events. When we finally boarded the plane, it looked like they manage to jam a few more rows of seats into the plane, (it looks like they removed at least 6" of legroom from each row). I felt sorry for the young lady sitting next to me - she was almost 6 feet tall and couldn't even straighten her legs. Heck, i'm only 5'8 and the legroom was too cramped for me!I think I heard an announcement that they don't use cleaning crews for the plane, and this is how they pass the [false] savings on to you. Right. The plane was filthy and disgusting. Bring your own hand sanitizer, as you don't know what kind of exotic bacterias you can pick up as a result of touching something in the cabin (think flesh-eating bacteria). If the interior of the plane is this bad, I shudder to think how well the engines and safety mechanisms are maintained. It's only a matter of time...Ok, so Sunday rolls around and it's time for me to fly back home. I rush to the airport to make my 1:15pm flight. I get there and what's this? The flight is delayed 3 HOURS!!! ARRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGHHHH!!!! This is unreal - are these people not concerned with their reputation? What kind of amateurs are running this airline? It is probably a short-term venture capital operation. My prediction: they won't be around in a couple of years, or will be bought out by another airline. Bottom line - save your money and your frustrations. Book any other airline but Spirit. Thousands of dissatisfied Spirit Airlines customers can't be wrong.p.s. I have a feeling that most of the good reviews posted for Spirit Airlines are shills.
1	I'm 6'1" and 250 lbs., and it was a crammed fit!
1	Never again. Wish I had read these reviews first.
1	Don't fly Spirit; hidden fees and expensive bag check ins. Poor customer service! Bait and switch on fees, lame!
1	Terrible. Dirty airline. Charges ridicules fees for carry-on's.The upgraded service is expensive and not worth the cost.Please fly another airline. Jet Blue is a better service.
1	I just don't know how I can rate SPIRIT AIRLINES. We should be allowed to give them negative stars. Thanks to this shitty, incompetent, disrespectful, stinky company we had a family trip ruined. They just canceled our flight coming and didn't do absolutely any effort at all to try to get us to our destination by any other way or other airline as close as possible to the time that we needed to be there. We trusted them to takes on a timely and secure manner and a ruined trip is what we got. I am usually very good and I love to refer good service to my friends but now I just want the world to know how bad this company is so at least other families won't have to go through this kind of frustration. This crap shouldn't even be called an "airline", it's dishonoring the other companies.
2	For the price without bags - it's good. but wait until you sit in your seats!!  Terrible.  No options for beverages really, no healthy snacks.  Pass next time.
1	Horrible Luggage Fees. The only free luggage is one small personal item. They charge a minimum of $35 for a tiny carry-on. And it gets even more expensive after that. So if your excited about their cheap flights, unless you plan on flying with only a purse, un-excite yourself. Your flight will cost more if you plan on bringing luggage.No complimentary drinks.No complimentary anything.Uncomfortable seats. Customer Service is lacking. Status of the flight said "on-time" but it wasn't. I understand that every airline has delayed flights, but they could have at least said the flight was delayed.YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR.
3	YES its a smaller plane! YES your gonna pay for your bags, water and soda (GET OVER IT...) YES the workers are not the happiest... but when your flying from San Diego to Vegas in 55 minutes... who the FUKK cares!?!?!? Ok I do feel sorry for some folks who are flying cross country, but short flights with small price tags... TOTS worth it! Put it this way... would you rather drive hours in your little ass car, all hyped up to get somewhere then have to do the DREADED hung over drive back??? Didnt think so!  But if you want to get  Via Las vegas in less time then your typical Disney movie from anywhere on the west coast... this is the way to go!PS buy a memebrship to their club, saves lots of money each trip and they send you decent deals year round. and be smart... buy your shit online to avoid any surprises...simple as that
1	WARNING TO ALL! Spirit airlines gets no Stars. The Stewardess printed the name on our ticket misspelled so security sent us back. After getting new tickets we get to the gate and the Spirit airline worker closed the gate in our faces! She told us we would have to go back to the front and get rescheduled. We went back and the Next  flight wasn't until the next night leaving us stranded in BWI over night. We caught a earlier flight with another airline as we needed to be in vegas on time for a government meeting the following morning. We already payed and booked a return flight home with spirit along with another $160 in baggage too.  When time came around to return on home on our scheduled flight. Spirit canceled our flight took all of our money and baggage fee's and wouldn't allow us on the flight. They sayed that if we didn't fly to vegas with them then they automatically cancel our return. We flew in another airline cause there craft wasn't until the last flight the following night n we need to be there in the morning: they wouldn't reinstate our flight reservations even though we payed for 2 airline seat tickets and baggage on the return flight. Would not give us a refund, comp, discount, or Anything. Told us to call there customer service # all to be hung up on by the Manager after a 30min call wait. Try to call back and the remainder of times just placed on hold or hung up on after 30min hold wait. Total amount lost and pocketed by Spirit airlines is $497.86 for the plane tickets and another $150 in baggage fee's we didn't use because the canceled our flight. Worst airline ever. DO NOT FLY SPIRIT AIRLINE AT ALL COST!! SERIOUS WARNING TO ALL!! I will leave my email if you have any further Question. With my most recent personal experience and the horror stories I've read online about this airline i would like to see Spirit airlines put out of the air transportation industry.
1	Yes another "if only I could give 0 star" comment. The name of the airline is appropriate because it will suck you dry of any good spirits you have. $45 fee for each carry-on bag, ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?? WTF? I flew with many airlines and THIS is the first. The whole plane was full of angry customers because they made EVERYONE pay $45/bag for anything with wheels. The so-called supervisor "Angela" at McCarran international airport for the airline stated "this is policy of Spirit" to charge $45 for a carry-on bag. YES Angela it is their policy to rob people blind with all these hidden fees. I'm surprised they did not charge for the air I breath.  The only consolation is that the flight attendants were actually pleasant. I booked my travel package through Travelocity and didn't pick this airline because it was cheap. I actually was going off the hotel i wanted to stay in while in Vegas.  Will NEVER fly this freaking airline ever again.
1	Worst airline ever. You pay extra for everything! Yes, they come up as the cheapest when you are searching, but after it is all over....they have nickel and dimes you to the point where you are paying more than you would on a much better airline.
1	Worst flight we ever been on.  The girls in front of us almost got kicked of the plane .  How can they expect people to not be excited to go to vegas.  Plus the flight was delayed two hours.  (Weather related) they keep threatening to turn the flight back around cuz the plane was kinda rowdy(party plane to vegas.  But my biggest complaint was the male steward.  Or should I call him tha nazi police.  He acts like security guard who couldn't become a cop. When he walked down the isle he had his area folded was a mean face expression. He has no right to be in customer service.
1	DON'T EVER fly with them. Not only do they nickel and dime you for EVERYTHING. i.e.: charge for carry on bags, charge for checked bags, charge for water, coffee, etc. They will cancel your flight without notice. I'd walk before I get on another Spirit flight.
1	I have never had such UNPLEASANT experience with any other airlines. I have been flying within the states quite frequently especially this month and all other airlines are SO MUCH better that this UNORGANIZED IRRESPONSIBLE POORLY MANAGED BLOOD SUCKING STUPID IDIOT airline. My flight got delayed for 3 hours and I didn't even get an email or a text. RIDICULOUS. Scheduled: 130pm , May 25  LAS TO LAXChanged: 425pm , May 25.  LAS TO LAXAnd when I got there, what I heard from them is the total of $50 per CARRY-ON BAG instead of APOLOGY. What????!!!!!! Carry-on needs money?We ended up waiting whole day and frowning upon our screwed up day 7 of my graduation trip with my family members. We were supposed to get LAX at 230pm and get my rental car at 3pm. Luckily Enterprise has always lived up to its good customer service and let me change my reservation time.We would have already reached Los Angeles before 4pm even if we travel by car. It's you, Spirit, that has caused us a lot of frustration. YOU deserved to be condemned by thousands of customers who are just like me, who had bad experiences with you before!
1	Never, ever, ever...again.  Stupidly bought roundtrip LAX-LAS tickets for Memorial Day weekend because they came up the cheapest on Travelocity.  Things started to go bad a few days before flying when, via e-mail, I became aware of the charges for bringing bags on the plane.  If you had to check at the airport it would be $100 and if you did it well ahead of time it would be $35.  Not only that, but paying the fee did not cover the entire trip, just the first leg.  Once those costs were factored in, this easily became more expensive than the other flights I had seen.  As if that wasn't bad enough, the flight was terribly rocky and the flight staff was the most anal/overbearing crew I've ever experienced.  Will never fly Spirit again and I hope no one else does either.
1	WORST AIRLINE IN THE HISTORY OF FLIGHT. Never fly this. My flight out of Vegas leaving at 10pm got delayed 4 HOURS, meaning we didn't leave till 2am in the morning. I didn't land until 3:30am! WTF. Pay for a better airlines and never ever fly Spirit
3	After reading horrible reviews of this airline I was nervous going on vacation, but guess what, it was not as bad as everything I read.  First I weighed my bags at home to make sure they were the required weight, and hell I even measured them.  I pre-paid them on the internet and my bags went smoothly thru checkout.  I flew from Vegas to Dallas round trip on the redeye and the plane was on time and they did not loose my bags.  Yes the seats are a little cramped, but I am 6ft and 205 and still was able to slide them under the seats in the front of me a bit for the two hour trip, my observation is 75% of the passengers are overweight, so what do you expect.  My trip back to Vegas was fine too..the plane was about 45 minutes delayed in leaving, but otherwise then that everything went fine.  Folks your flying no frills, A to B airline, read the website, follow the procedures and you should be fine.  Now I know they have planes that break down and are delayed etc... which they need to work on, but my personal trip was fine.  Will I fly them again, yes if it is 2 hrs and under...for a longer flight I will pay more for the leg room and food.
2	God help you if you're reading this review after you've booked a Spirit Airlines flight. If by some stroke of luck you're reading this before you buy, heed my warning: CLOSE OUT OF THE BROWSER NOW.Ladies and gentleman, this for me was a lesson on the old adage: "You get what you pay for."While I was stuck on the tarmac in Vegas, probably 100 yards away from my gate for 30 minutes after a 90 minute delay, I read reviews about how Spirit Airlines was the Greyhound of airline companies. This is an accurate representation of the flight. Everything seems old, I honestly thought the plane was going to fall apart a couple of times on the round trip. The seating is cramped, and you will be charged for anything under the sun.  Baggage claim was very annoying.That amazing price is not so amazing after you add 70 bucks of baggage fees each way, plus 10 bucks to choose your seat (each way). Also don't bother choosing your seat. It really makes no difference, you are going to get screwed no matter what.I told myself that If I won 600 bucks in Vegas I was going to just book a new one way ticket via any other airline back to Houston because I didn't want to experience Spirit Airlines a second time around.At this moment, I'd give spirit 1 star because it was so bad.  Luckily they recovered for the return trip. Things went on without a hitch, kind of... There was still a delay, but it wasn't that horrible - typical really of any airline. I did feel like the plane was about to fall apart on take off and landing, but I guess I survived to tell the tale. Fine, you get 2 stars Spirit Airlines.Bottom line: Make your trip to Vegas a fun one. Don't book Spirit becuase you end up spending the money you saved on baggage fees anyway. You'll also be annoyed with about 70% of the flight for various reasons.tl;dr: This buzzfeed captures it perfectly: http://www.buzzfeed.com/sapna/what-its-like-to-fly-spirit-airlines
1	Avoid this one. You are not saving any money by using this one as they try to get more for charging not only for luggage but for even for carry on or water!They are not interested in pleasing customers at all. They are only interested in squeezing extra money out of you. They stink!
1	You would have thought I'd know better with all the bad reviews. This was a package deal to Las Vegas. Hotel experience at MGM was great but Spirit was the worst. Four hour delay at oakland and at check in was told flight home would be an hour late. Lots of charges, check bags, carry on and $10 for a boarding pass. I had to give it 1 star because Yelp won't allow 0.
1	Disclaimer: This review is not for the airport but for the airline---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This was the worst service and airline that I have ever experienced in all my history of flying. I asked the stewardess at one point (jokingly) when she inquired what I will have "Anything free that you are offering" and she just laughed out loud and said "nice one" and kept on laughing.  They lack things like a free drink, a free carry on, reclining seats, and more.The carry on luggage rule is just highway robbery, especially when they tell you "should have paid online, and would have saved you $10!".  My bag fit into the 'free' box that Spirit provides, but yet the lady told me it wasn't a "personal item" (wtf's that mean!? a gym bag is? but a small compact carry on roller bag is not?). So that was ~$45 bucks (35 online as I'm told!?)Seats DON'T recline, had to sit upright the whole flight (which doesn't sound as bad until you actually do it. I've honestly never flown upright now that I think about it, I've always reclined a little for reading and just general comfort on a 3+ hour flight).There really isn't any cost saving going with Spirit, you will get raped for about $100 overhead for any carry on (both ways combined). You will arrive crabby and miserable.
1	No stars. Spirit airlines is the worst airline in the world. Don't be fooled by the price.  Its cheap for a reason. They end up getting their money back when they charge $50 for carry-on and more than $30 for baggage. They keep delaying and keep cancelling. They don't even care about their customers. They offer $50 for your next flight but they make you do it in 90 days. Ummm $50 for another horrible experience. No thank you. Please do not fly with this company. This review is not about Las Vegas airport its about spirit airlines company.
1	I have flown this airline twice in last couple of weeks and a couple times previous to that.  My experience is like thousands of others and I would ignore the few who act like travel experts with the whole you get what you pay for...they apparently have no reasonable standards.  I mean you are flying which should be a little different than taking a bus.- I am not sure how this airline hires, schedules, etc. but the only employees who seem to have any customer service skills are the pilots. The flight attendants in particular are uninterested thus not helpful.  examples include their dress/appearance, facial expressions, not knowing if plane is full or not, not guiding passengers, inappropriate conversations in front of passengers, etc.  -The seating is cramped for the average adult...obese or not...photos of this are helpful.  I would suggest losing the metal bar across the "magazine pocket".-They charge for everything which makes overall value questionable bench marked against other airlines.  They also miss opportunities to make money by not stocking liquor appropriately.  How do you run out of half the liquor you supposedly carry and you have only taken orders from front of plane to the exit row?-Delays for hours with no believable reasoning.-We were stuck on tarmac last night/this morning coming back to LV from DFW for an hour plus and then could hardly get past two Spirit gates deplaning as aisles were full of passengers waiting for more delayed outbound flights. Oh, forgot to mention baggage took another half an hour during which time people were trying to figure out what carousel bags would come in on.  The baggage office attendant told one passenger well Spirit bags come out on 10, 11, 12, etc..providing no other help than the simple Spirit sign with an arrow at entrance to the one side of baggage claim.While I belong to their "club" which supposedly provides some value don't know how much I will use it as I will try to avoid flying this airline in the future.
4	The reviews on here are kind of unfair because it states all the extra fees and so forth when you book. Nobody can compete with their pricing and they are a true low cost carrier that can get you from point A to point B at amazing prices. You can go somewhere in a taxi or in a limo but you will pay for it but quite honestly the drop off from Spirit to any other coach seat for any airlines is marginal at best. The only reason i didn't give a 5 star rating is their flights are delayed fairly often because of small fleet of planes.
1	Don't do it, for the love of God, Man and Country do not book with Spirit Airlines!just to put it in perspective, while traveling back last week for our once again delayed flight, my son leans over and says "this airline was created by the kid who was always picked last in PE, he wants everyone to suffer!"  I could go on and on about the atrocity that is called "Spirit" (even the flight attendant encouraged us to write a complaint) but honestly, just thinking about "the whole" of the experience exhausts my mental capacity to recap the compiled horrors.Just pay the extra money people, If for no other reason....think of your sanity!!
1	If you are even thinking about flying Spirit Airlines...think again please. My experience:- Flight delayed 4 hours with little to no communication from staff.- Bag check fees- Fees to guarantee your seat (otherwise you may not make the flight if it is oversold) - Our flight was oversold & didn't bother to tell us until after our 4 hour delay.- Flimsy-feeling plane at takeoff & landing- They left us strapped in & waiting for 45 minutes to back out of the hanger.With Spirit, you get much less than what you pay for. I am encouraging every person I can reach to choose another airline unless you don't have plans to actually enjoy your vacation.
1	Horrible experience. Fly any airline except spirit. 3 hour delay. Cramped seating. Although in retrospect my previous spirit flight was delayed 6 hours. Even though I knew about it the carry on fee is ridiculous. Will always fly southwest from now on!
1	NO STARS!! HELL, NEGATIVE STARS IF POSSIBLEService was terrible, it's the detention room of highschool. The Walmart of stores. The greyhound. The motel of hotel services. or shall I say shack.. The turbulence went on for a straight hour and my flight was delayed for 7 hours, the connecting flight after that was delayed for 3 hours. Staff didn't inform me of this. I'll tell you this now, it is no ride in the park when you are 5'9. It's still a mystery to me how some people are giving this airline 4 & 5 out of 5 stars, maybe they hired workers to give good reviews so it can outweigh the bad ones. Or out of pure sympathy. AND to make matters worse, my luggages got lost. I guess they call it "spirit" for a reason, because the airlines bad "spirit" lingers on with you even after getting off the flight.You get what you pay for, yes, but if you value your back and luggages save the cash for a better airline. Terrible experience.
1	one star is toooo much for this airline, my first time coming back to vagas in 25yr which i never come back with this air line the check in person she is white checking in my bag , i've came from phila with the same baggage going back the same she wants to charge me $100 for my carry on baggage if i don't check in my carry on bag. and she wrote somethings about me on the computer which i don't agree.everyone else carry pillow and blanket and there purse its ok i can't carry my purse in unless i  put it in my carry on bag , i think she 's picking on me  on purposei wiillllllll never fly on this airline ever again, my kids fly united they only charge $25 for check in baggage, i hateeeeeeeee this air line ,i willllllllll never come back to vegas ever again one star is way tooooooooooo much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	There are not enough black holes (you know, those things that suck in stars?) in the universe to rate this insanely bad airline.Oh, would that I have read these other reviews before I subjected myself to their excessive fees, lousy customer service, long lines, long waits, ancient airplanes, nickel-and-diming ($3 for water? Really?), and complete lack of anything resembling leg room.Add to that the 45-minute wait for my single 20# bag (that cost me $70 to check - since it would have cost me $80 to carry on) - and the little tirade from the check-in counter girl about how we are "privileged" to fly with Spirit (she might just want to look that word up. I think she got it crossed with the word "screwed").I cannot say this strong enough: AVOID SPIRIT AIRLINES AT ALL COSTS. 2,500+ complaints to the BBB can't be a good sign. Sure, they are all "closed" (which, I'm sure, has nothing to do with the fact that a business has to PAY to be listed with the BBB), but - hello? How many more before this stinkpit of an airline goes out of business, and deservedly so?Hopefully soon.By the way, after  you pay all their fees, you actually would have paid less to fly a real airline like Southwest or Alaskan. Just sayin'.
1	I had an awful experience with this airline, and DO NOT recommend. Our one hour flight was over 3 hours late because of the company's incompetence (the flight crew schedule caused the problems). What made this particularly awful is I received no text or email about the flight being delayed, even though at the airport they told us that they had known since 5am that there would be a delay. I talked to other people on our flight, and no one got an alert. They did absolutely nothing to right this wrong. Supposedly, we were going to get a 50$ credit that expires in 60 days, but this is worthless to me as I will never fly with them again. To top it off, they never even mentioned on the flight that we would get a credit, and I never heard about it again. Every other person I talked to on my flight said the same thing, they will never fly with Spirit because of the awful customer service and incompetence (late flights and canceled flights appear to be a regular occurrence). The supervisor I spoke to in Vegas was not accommodating or apologetic about this inconvenience. The bag policy is also absurd: you have to pay for your overhead carry on, and once you pay online for a bag you cannot get your money back if you decide you will not be taking a bag, only more worthless credits offered. Budget airline is not an excuse to be unprofessional, incompetent, and money grubbing. Good luck staying in business with such unhappy customers.
1	I would give less than one if possible.  I know their business model does not focus on getting repeat customers - they want to pull in the "once a year fliers"; don't worry, I will never fly Spirit again.  I would not even accept a free flight on one of their planes. (Even with a free flight, you still might have to pay their check in bags fee, their fee to carry on bags, their fee to pick a seat, their fee for a soda, their fee because your bag is over 40 pounds, their fee because you didn't pay the fee earlier, their fee for joining the nine dollar fare club)  From now on, I will pay the extra $200 fee and fly United.My Spirit flight from Las Vegas to Chicago landed 11 hours late because Spirit did not have enough ground crew to load the check  in bags onto the plane in Las Vegas, so the flight left an hour late.  I missed my connection in Dallas, and had to be rerouted through South Carolina.  I had things to do in Chicago, including Book of Moron tickets and I missed that play because of Spirit.  The "manager" in Dallas - a bald headed guy in his forties made me feel like it was my fault the plane was late.  He showed no empathy, and his attitude was like "this is what you get when you fly ultra low cost carriers".  I thought he was a total prick, but then again he has a shitty job, working for a shitty airline.  In fact, most of the spirit staff I interacted with had that approach.On the return flight from Chicago to Las Vegas Spirit again did not have enough ground crew to unload check in bags off the plane, so I never even got our check in bags.  The bags arrived at my house three days later in a delivery shipment.The reason Spirit can't get anything right in Las Vegas is that they have basically a rush of  planes from all over the U.S. land at the same late night time (starting around 11:00 pm), and then they are supposed to turn around all the planes and have them leave between 30 and 45 minutes later.  They don't have enough ground staff to handle the number of planes coming and going, so like a freeway at rush hour... it all turns into gridlock.
1	Here's my tip: DON'T fly Spirit. Awful, awful, awful. Don't wait until the last minute to book your flight & spend the extra $50 on a decent airline.
1	The only reason this review has even half a star is because you have to. SHORT STORY:  DO NOT BOOK ANYTHING WITH THIS AIRLINE!! YOU WILL REGRET IT!!!LONG STORY:I am currently delayed at the airport for the second flight of my round trip ticket because of this horrible airline. After my first flight the crappy service, lack of urgency, hours delayed, extremely dirty plane, and unprofessional staff I was ready to spend an extra 400$ to book a ticket back on a different airline just so I didn't have to do the return flight. I decided to give it one more chance and now here I am delayed for 2 hours so far (edit: TURNED OUT TO BE A 4 HOUR DELAY) kicking myself for thinking this company would actually do what it's supposed to do correctly.  I will NEVER fly this airline again. I wish I could create a pop-up window on their website that warns people not to put them through this hell. By the time I got on the plane for my first flight after experiencing such awful service/dirty interior, I was so scared that the quality of the plane and pilots would match the quality of service. I was literally scared for my life. DO NOT PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM THIS AIRLINE!! You WILL REGRET IT!!!
1	Spirit is the worse airline you can go threw to fly anywhere. Going back and forth to Vegas often which is only a hour flight and they can never be on time. Constant delays for numerous hours its ridiculous! They charge a arm and a leg for everything. You have to pay for a seat on top of your ticket plus 45 to check in a bag and its usually 25.. And that's not including they try to charge you to bring aCarry on bag. Don't give you anything to drink and you have no leg room what so ever. The most low budge airline you can go with. Even if the prices are low it's not worth it book ahead of time with a better airline. I will never again even if the flights are 5.00!!! There HORRIBLE they should be put out of business
1	F- this was the worst flight I have ever taken ,read the reviews before you book a flight with these guys. My flight from Vegas to Oakland was delayed 6 hours with no explanation and no sympathy for the folks who were suppose to get into Oakland at 11:55pm and landed at 4am. Apparently this is a trend with this company and they do not give a damn. They also have hidden fees that after time waiting and paying for bags cost just as much as the next guys. This was a return flight from a funeral , thanks spirit for making a hard day even worse.
3	After booking our trip to Vegas for flight and hotel through Spirit and THEN reading all the horrible reviews, I was very nervous about our trip and ready for a nightmare experience.My fiancee assured me it was only a  2 hour flight, don't worry about it - it was a good deal and it is what it is.Keep in mind, I did my research on their site and was familiar with their process, fees, etc. so I knew what to expect.  We checked one under 40 pound bag before hand, printed our boarding passes and made sure our personal items were within guidelines.  We also ate and drank before hand and were prepared.The flight to Vegas was fine and uneventful.  We walked right up to the bag drop and were done at the counter in under 2 minutes.  Which never happens.The seats are a bit tight - not something I really noticed but I am 5'4" and petite, but my fiance is over 6' and was cramped.  He is also a Diamond Delta flyer and I reminded him this is not Delta.When we checked in for the return flight, we saw online the flight was delayed by almost an hour and a half.  We did this about 4 hours before our flight so again, we were able to adjust our day.  When we checked back it had been delayed another 30 minutes.  So final delay was two hours from original departure time.No other issues with the flight home.  The staff at both airports and on both flights were very friendly and we had no complaints.I would fly Spirit again IF there is a significant price difference - like $100 or more, otherwise, I would not be hesitant to fly them again if the savings is worth it.
1	Aside from the fact their rate structure is not honest at all, lack of service is overwhelming. After 3 hour delay, 0 explanations and a nasty reaction from staff when I asked (after 3 hours!). It is 1am, still not boarded and still no explanation. Inadmissible
1	NEVER, NEVER, NEVER, did I say NEVER fly this airlines. Their flights look like a good deal, then there are no seats available but upgraded seats(extra $), then there is the charge for a carry on, then there is a "Club Spirit". Just in case you are thinking about the membership, run! I signed up thinking the membership would help defray the cost of my flight. WRONG. Within 2 minutes I cancelled. I called Spirit to make sure I wouldn't be charged. They said they would be charging and that I agreed originally to the terms. They were right. I did agree to the terms. The terms are very unclear as to what you receive and don't receive from membership. This is a sham and anyone I can reach to make sure they don't fly Spirit I will not hesitate to tell my story. Flight was July 15th, 2013 from LAX to Las Vegas
3	Nothing too impressive that stood out.  As I read a prior post on here, yes, "you get what you pay for".  I was looking for a quick, non-stop flight from Las Vegas to Chicago at the cheapest rate.  I came across a red-eye to get there and a regular one coming back.  Times were fine, flights took off on time.  We actually got in to O'Hare a half hour early, but since the other plane hadn't departed yet we had to stay on the tarmack for the half hour.  Whatever, it was expected to land and exit the plane at 6:30am and that is what happened so can't be upset for meeting expectation.  Bare minimums though...nothing complimentary.  I think water and sodas were $3 each...that kinda bothers me that when you are purchasing a $350ish round-trip ticket that the flight can't give you a $0.50 Coke Zero and a pack of Biscoff cookies...but hey, I slept the whole time both ways so again, I didn't care.  No Wi-Fi, videos, music ports, or anything of that jazz...not even a SkyMall magazine to humor myself for a moment.The flight to Chicago though was definitely the smoothest I have ever experienced from any airline...didn't even feel the tires touchdown... kudos to that pilot!  And the other comments people made about the planes looking jacked...STFU... the planes are fine, kept up well, clean, and well maintained.
1	Wow. I cannot fathom how much it hurts me to even give Spirit Airlines one star. They don't deserve a single star to begin with. Spirit does not provide their customers with the slightest sympathy, profit is really what it's about. Not a single breath given to their fliers, but I guess that's what happens when you fly on a budget--right? No, wrong. There are no words to describe how I feel about this airline and their lack of commitment, loyalty, communication and lastly quality service. I had a flight leaving Las Vegas at 4:10PM which wan delayed due to late take off from a departing city--I get that. Don't get me wrong, going forward my flight was delayed once again when the plane had arrive due to a severe weather advisory. Also understandable. The very last delay lasted about an hour or so, stating that there were mechanical issues with the aircraft. Ok, ok--you're right, why wouldn't I hesitate boarding on an unsafe aircraft? Of course I did, but arriving to my destination was the most important outcome. From 4pm to 9pm, Spirit decided to cancel the flight leaving LAS to San Diego to Portland. Creating an inconvenience to hundreds of travelers crammed into their tiny airbus carrier. Yes--budget means lack of space, but it also means extremely upset individuals. Leaving the gate to the front kiosk where Spirit claims to provide accommodations for all guest, they shorted over 300 individuals. Only providing the options of a refund or a flight the next day with absolutely NO lodging compensation. Why is that you ask? Oh it was because they decided to lie about what they had expressed during the final delay. I was told that there wasn't a mechanical issue--though it was announced several times, that there was bad air traffic and the weather did not permit departure. Sure, that's a great reason to rip us all of. I just don't understand why they presented the mechanical issue as such a dire situation to delay departure and then lie to protect themselves of accommodating hundreds of guest. Yes, my round trip flight may have been $250, but please spring $50 for a hotel next time you decide to delay my flight 5 hours and cancel as a result. Long story short, don't fly spirit. No flight, continue to fight. Don't let spirit ruin your travel plans with their lack of consistency, communication skills and quality service.
1	Worst worst worst airline , We should have check yelp first before booking. So pissed off to even write a review , just read all the review , 100% all true.. I gave One star for the pilots for a very smooth flying ... Very very rude Ground Stewardess at Okland ..
1	i have an existing reservation and have been on hold for over 45 minutes with their reservation department trying to add a reservation to fly my dog. I have a credit from a prior reservation and it's now been over 15 fifteen minutes after my 45 minute wait while the reservation person who had difficulty understanding me has been figuring out how to apply the credit. it's too bad there isn't a negative star rating. they have the worst phone customer service of any company i have ever done business with.
1	Shady business practices. Nickel & dime you till it costs you $100 more than the regular airlines. Rude service & late flights on the regular to boot. My Wife & I Spent 14 Hours Getting from Vegas to LA which is a 50 minute flight. Spirit SUCKS!
1	Officially the worst airline ever! Never fly Spirit air! Not only did they charge us for our carry on AND check-in bags (yes carry on bags too-and if you didn't do it before arriving at the airport they charged more at the check-in desk), they charge $4 for a soda (yes that's right not 1  complimentary drink) they have changed our gate 2 times now, and our departing flight is officially 2 hours late!Nickle and dimed us and they don't give a poo about the people traveling.If I could give 0 stars I would. Tiny seats and bad service are an addition to my rant above....coming from the vegas airport at 1AM with my 5 year old asleep on the floor cause the plane is so late.
1	NOOOOO!!!! Dont do it!!! After my two hour flight turned into a 9 hour escapade into the depths of airline hell, I finally got to set foot in Las Vegas. Only to wait an additional 40 minutes for my luggage...which they put on the wrong turnstile. Booo! I could go into more detail but it is too agonizing, maybe I will later, after I have recouped.
1	Third World Experience of First (and Last) Flight on Spirit Airlines  (ZERO STAR)This was the default option for the Expedia vacation.  I had never heard of it but thought how bad can 1.5 hrs. be???? Well, I was REALLY WRONG!!!!First off: after receiving the confirmation, I went to the site and selected seats.  To pre-select seats, you have to pay anywhere from $5 to $13 or randomly get assigned seats.  Not a big deal--there are no pre-selected seats at the Southwest Airlines cattle call--I'll just check in early.  Then, I noticed that they charge for carry-on and for checked bags other than 1 "personal item" (usually a purse for women).  Not a big deal--there are workarounds.The biggest thing that was BEYOND the PALE was we recently had a death in the family and the service coincided with the day of our return from our trip.  Asking to move the flight forward a few hours so we can attend the service, I was told, ABSOLUTELY, NO BEREAVEMENT, NO MEDICAL, NO REASON WHATSOEVER for a change, but we were welcome to pay $124/person change fee and the difference in the cost of fares.  Luckily, there are also other options and my AP, the deceased sibling, WILL attend the service.To top insult to injury, when we left, we were charged $5 for a wheelchair for my AP--normally, I would tip this amount for the service anyway, but this highway robbery definitely essentially guaranteed that the employee who hustled my AP in a wheelchair and dumped him off at the gate will not be tipped.  Then, there was the matter of the plane being 2.5 hrs. late for a 1.5 hr. flight--this on top of asking passengers to arrive at the airport 2 hrs. early.  Luckily for Spirit Airlines, I was still enjoying the wonderful lunch I had before I went to the airport.  The final "oddity" was the charge for beverages--$4, which is not a hardship for us as we had plenty of time to ingests lots of liquids in the 2.5 hr. delay and to refill our waterbottles.So, to save a few bucks, is it worth dealing with being nickled and dimed to death, and to be treated like cargo rather than a human being (the handling of the bereavement/medical emergencies, promoting passenger dehydration)--EMPHATICALLY NO!!!
1	I am actually writing this review having gotten off the plane after travelling for 12 hours (when the flight should've been more than half that time) on my first and only encounter with Spirit Airlines. I totally regret not having read the reviews before booking my flight - cheap fares are definitely too good to be true with this airline.Embarked on a flight from Las Vegas to La Guardia (NYC) airport, via stopover in Detroit.Found out a few hours before my flight departed that there was a charge for carry-on and check-in luggage - $100 at the gate if you don't buy it beforehand! Daylight robbery. So I paid $40 for my carry-on, but when I arrived at the airport asked if this could be refunded as my luggage fit inside the 'test' compartment at check-in. The service attendant basically waved me away and told me I'd have to pay as it was 'outside the dimensions'. Whatever. Departure time was 8.12am. After arriving at the airport 2 hours before the flight departure time, and upon arrival at the gate we were told that the flight was potentially overbooked and that they were seeking volunteers to take a later flight. This was the first scare. However the flight ended up departing approximately on time. Too good to be true? Read on.Arrived in Detroit for a 'brief' stopover. Original time of departure was meant to be 4pm. Passengers were told nothing and it was only until I checked the departure screen that there was now a 2 hour delay, scheduled for 6pm! Went back to the lounge and then was told that the flight would be departing at 5.15pm - no reason was given for the delay.All passengers boarded for an anticipated 5.15pm departure. It was only when we were all seated and waiting in the tarmac that the captain decided to tell us that La Guardia airport was closed due to bad weather in NYC. Funny though, that a fellow passenger called out that her friend was departing on a Delta plane at the same time and on the same flight leg, yet her flight was not delayed? The attendant did not seem to know how to respond to this. She called the captain and the captain's best line was that the weather was bad and was causing delays everywhere. Not sure if this was true but after reading MANY negative reviews about Spirit on Yelp, it seems that this is not the first time they have acted dishonestly and used the weather as an excuse for their sloppy practices.To top this off, we were then told we could not disembark the plane (since we didn't know if our flight would actually depart due to the so-called weather problems in NYC) and if we chose to do so, would not be able to re-board! The attendant also let us know that Spirit would not be giving out free snacks or water for the delay, and that they would have to 'seek permission from the company first.' What the hell!? This was now beyond a joke. In my entire experience of flying, I have never encountered such unprofessional level of service by an airline. I don't understand how this company is still in business! After waiting on the tarmac, we finally found out at 6.30pm we were able to fly. We landed in NYC at 8.15pm, nearly 3 hours later than the original arrival time of 5.45pm. If we really want to stop this airline running altogether, I'd suggest lodging a complain with DOT. I even Googled it and there's an actual website on how to shut down Spirit Airlines!! Check here: http://www.spiritairlinesfacts.com/how-to-shut-down-spirit.htmlNever flying this airline again!
1	Is there a selection for ZERO!?Kiosk doesn't take cash for carry on bag (50 dollars), get to the gate to pay cash, price bumped up 100 dollars. If anyone else can find a more Air Ghetto, this airline takes the leading score for being the worst system/policy for traveling!! Get rid of the airline or outright get purchase, so the travel experience would be appropriate!I avoid this airline at all cost for my work travels. 3rd time in 10+ years and will be begging the next time my company tries to book me in this plane..I may just quit!!!
1	If I could give spirit air zero stars I would.  They suck beyond belief! Please please  if you're reading this, do not and I repeat do not fly with them. 45$ to check in one lousy bag, they are almost always delayed, no leg room, 3$ for a drink, $25 to check in one bag only if you have paid to become a VIP member which is 50$, 130 for again in my ass flight. Please get rid of this crappy super crappy disgustingly crappy airline! F$&k You Spirit Airlines!
1	Garbage. This airline sucks so bad. Didn't read the reviews of this place until after I had already dealt with them. The reviews are true. Spirit airlines is terrible. Sitting here waiting for my flight that has been delayed due to "maintenance." Oh god.. Not the best thing to hear before you get on a plane.
1	So deceiving! Thought we had a good deal on a flight until we showed up with our 2 "carry-on" suitcases that were an inch too tall to fit under the seat and were charged an additional $200 in baggage fees. They were so smug about it when they told us we should have read the fine print online. I don't fly often, and I wasn't expecting there to be a fine print saying I would be shaken down for every penny. I miss the days when they offered yucky TV dinners, peanuts and bottomless drinks instead of trying to sell you credit cards and overpriced snacks. I know all airlines have gone in this unfortunate direction, but Southwest is a million times better. Will never fly spirit again!
1	The low prices are NOT worth it.You have to pay $50 for your carry-on AND their flights are delayed for hours. Not 20 minutes, not 40 minutes, not an hour, hourS.You also have to pay for your in-flight drink O_O I paid $3 for a can of coke that I didn't even get to finish because they didn't even serve beverages until halfway into the flight.
1	The most expensive trip to Vegas. They charge for everything.  If you would like to carry on a bag. There is a fee.  The fee to check in a carry on while booking flight starts at $25.00. At the kiosk machine $44.00. If you check in the old fashion way $100.00. Wow. Nothing is free not even .peanuts,  crackers.  The prices may be inexpensive but you make up for it other ways
1	I get that its a budget airline that you have to pay for the extras.  I could care less about lack of legroom or paying for water/snacks.  I'll save money when I can, I'm fairly low maintenance.  What happened on my return flight from Vegas to Minneapolis however was the worst air travel experience I have ever had.We got to the airport the standard 2 hours before take off and there was about 1500 people waiting in line.  No exaggeration.  Their website and computer systems were down and they had no back up plan.  They were issuing boarding passes manually and it was taking a while.  Their staff was reassuring us though that they were delaying all flights so everyone would have a chance to board.  We eventually got to our gate and the plane was still there but there was no info on the TV monitors.  And then I turn around and the plane is gone.  About 25 of us were supposed to be on that flight and when we inquired they told us it had already left.  Then no one at the gate wanted to help us figure out what to do.  Eventually after much yelling at them to pay attention to us they redirected us down to the ticketing counter to reschedule our departure.  In total about 40 people had missed their departure due to Spirit's lack of communication.  We ended up on a flight the next morning meaning myself and many other people missed work.  I lost out on not only money but had to take a vacation day to travel home.  Still waiting on a reply to emails and calls, all I want right now is a refund, I wouldn't even take a free flight in fear of not being able to return.
1	I seriously wish I would have read all of these negative reviews before I bought my ticket. Immediately upon entering the airport, customer service was horrible. The people were SO rude. I then proceeded to check in and print my boarding pass only to discover that they charge $45 for a second carry-on. For that price I might as well check it! Once I boarded the plane and it had already begun the taxi, we were told that we would be delayed by about 30 minutes. I'm still waiting on the explanation for that one. Because of this, and the bad weather in Chicago, I will not be arriving at my final destination until 3:30 tomorrow morning. It was originally supposed to get in at 10:55 tonight. I have pretty much accepted the fact that it is not going to get any better. I'm genuinely concerned that I won't get my checked bag back. Congrats, you've earned one star from me because I can't give you a zero. Oh, and I failed to mention that when the flight attendants went by with the beverage cart, they skipped me! I was holding up my card and everything.
1	I have flown Spirit for years as a cheap way to go roundtrip to florida from chicago. I have lost 25,000 miles under their rule that unless you fly within 6 months you lose your miles.  well I don't fly them in the Summer and they don't even have flights other then one that takes over 12 hours.  I'm not going to fly to another place because I'd lose my miles.  Next:  I got a Master Card because they give 15,000 miles enough for 3 round trips.  Are you KIDDING?  The 2500 mile flights are extremely few.  Maybe one a month so they can say they offer the 'fare'.  the rest of the time it is 25,000 miles EACH WAY.  Would you believe that Los Angeles to Las Vegas was 50,000 miles?The cash fare was $18 round trip .  If someone isn't thinking they tell their assistant to "book me using miles".  That's what Spirit does.  They have figured more ways to screw the passenger:1.  A great one that made Spirit $10s of millions.  A little rule that other airlines do NOT use.  Spirit made a small change and said that a checked bag cannot weigh more than 40 pounds.  40 !   YES 40!.  All airlines in the world say 50.  Ok if your bag weighs 10 pounds Spirit has just had you drop by 25% the clothes you can pack.  40 pounds to 30 pounds.  Now if the bag weighs over 40 -- say 41  yes I mean 1 pound over there is a penalty.  The people next to me paid $90 for bags that weighed less than 50 but more than 40.  that's all profit to Spirit.  And it is also ready:  NON REVENUE INCOME.  It is not from the 'fares' they charge.  Look at their financial statements and see that their non revenue is in the $100s of millions.  YES from baggage, seats, cancelation, late fees, food and beverage, and other bits and pieces they have made almost as much in non revenue as revenue.2.  Why do you think they have fares for $9 or $19 or $29.  The government gets its taxes on that fare.  then $25 for the seat; $50 for the bag; water etc.  Now they make $80 each way in 'non revenue' that the government does not charge the same taxes.They found a great loophole and maximize it.  I'd like to say my fee was $10 and be taxed at 20% for $2 and make another $80 that was taxed at 6%.  HMMMM.3.  The Master Card:  miss one payment on any of your OTHER cards and Spirit card gets huge increases in interest and late fees.  More than any other.4.  The $9 fare club used to be $29 a year.  Now it is $59 and NON refundable.  You must cancel way before it will be charged automatically to your credit card.  5.  Credit card is free first year.  They promote as you know at the gate and ON THE PLANE.  Please sign up for the free Master Card and get 15,000 miles enough for 3 round trips.  FALSE ADVERTISING.  but if the flight attendants don't offer the card they can be FIRED.6.  The card used to get you in line to check in separately and avoid the wait at check in.  NOT ANYMORE.  Just wait.  No benefits here.7. A few days ago we flew Orlando to Ohare.  Pilot announced good news bad news.  Good was that we landed 10 minutes early.  Bad news is that we had to wait 30 minutes for an open gate.  weather was fine and sunny.  Well 2 hours and 40 minutes later we deplaned.  yes -- had they waited 3 hours they would have been fined $27,500 per passenger for 3 hour delays.Oh over 2 hours on TARMAC they have to supply you with water and food.  We got an 8 oz bottle of warm water and -- ready -- a tiny cracker!  NOT KIDDING.  That's their food and water.  8.  bottle of water on plane is $3.  Before you get on it is $2 at airport.9.  Carry on that is stored above your head costs more than checked.  And checked may take 30 minutes to unload.  so people pay more to carry and Spirit makes more because they are inefficient.10.   They stole refunds of $400 from me.  I canceled a flight 3 months in advance and was told I had a credit of $600 minus $200 for cancel.  Ok at least I'd get $400 back.  So I flew on another airliine since my plans had changed.  About a month after my original Spirit flight I went to book a new flight on Spirit and gave them the flight confirm code for my credit.  ARE YOU READY."Sir you didn't show up for the flight so you lost the entire $600".  Are you kidding?  Of course I didn't show up I had canceled.  "Sir we have no record of that cancelation"  You didn't show up,.  Well I figured this 'trick " out too.Spirit used to give a VOUCHER number for a 1 year credit.  They would know you used it or not.  they changed the voucher to using your original flight code.so if you cancel and book before the code/flight would have taken off you're ok and can use it.  But forget the one year.  If you go to use the credit after the flight would have taken off, Spirit just says  "YOU DIDN"T SHOW UP".  How can you disprove that?  Of course you didn't.Yes I spoke to someone in INDIA or PHILLIPINES.I should have asked for an employee name (they lie) and a number or record it to prove.  Even my secretary was on the phone when it was canceled so both o
1	This is by far the worst airline I have ever ridden on.  They charge a whopping $45 each way for each bag, soda & coffee $3.  Seats are very tight.  Not worth the cheap tickets - choose a different airline
1	I recently bought tickets for spirit airlines and let me just say NEVER AGAIN!  All I was trying to do was change the name odd the person accompanying me but the so called "customer service" rep was rude and wouldn't listen that I have a court order and sent me to a "supervisors line" that went nowhere!!  This airline needs to go out of business. I've learned my lesson!!  It's cheap for a reason. Worst experience in a long time!!!!
1	What does Spirit Airlines have in common with a carnival barker?  My first flight with Spirit Airlines will definitely be my last.  Like the carnival barker while on-line shopping for the best cost effective flight, the pricing of the ticket and the promise from their website(the barker) of a great airline providing low cost air travel turned out to be a joke.  Once the ticket is purchased I find out I now must pay $40.00 for my luggage each way.  That's $80.00 more Bucks!!!  The Barker tells me to join their fan club for $59.95 and save$10.00 both ways.  Not hardly, that's $39.95 added on top of the $30.00 I still have to pay,thus luggage will cost $99.95 to go with me.  Oh, and if you wait until you get to the airport to handle your luggage it's even more.  As I boarded the plane I was pleased to see a clean new plane.  That was however, my last pleasing experience.  The seats do not recline, your squeezed into seats too close together, and they charge you for everything you can possibly think of.  Water was $3.00!  Needless to say I refuse to pay for water at restaurants and airplanes.  I didn't go to the restroom on the plane so I can't tell you if they were charging a fee to enter or if you had to buy paper.  I can tell you I will never consider them again.  I ended up paying more than I would have on two other airlines...my fault.  Unless, your next flight is very short and you will be in the uncomfortable seats for less than 30 minutes, no price savings is worth and the price savings does not exist.
1	From Oakland to LV: 1.5hr delay, plus an additional 30min in the plane.From LV to Oakland: our flight, originally scheduled at 10pm, is delayed until 1am. At 1.40am we all board. At 2am our flight attendants tell us they are as tired as we are and that we should not take out our frustrations on them. While I don't support being rude to employees, this remark was completely out of line. At 2.30am the pilot announces that the Oakland runway is closed, and that our flight crew is about to time out. The cabin erupts in nervous laughter. How does this come as a surprise for our pilot? "We are trying to reopen the runway," he adds. With their incompetence we know not to get our hopes up. We all get out of the plane and resume sleeping on the carpet of the McCarran Terminal B hallway.We get to the Oakland Airport around 6.30am instead of 11pm the previous night... Ready for a great day at work. Thanks Spirit!
1	I usually don't complain or write reviews , but spirit is horrible and the employees are Rude. They messed my flight up and basically told me it's my bad. Now I have to wait 24 hrs to fly out. Please spread the word I mean just look at the reviews.
1	Agree with everyone' s negative comments here! We were stuck overnight because of a cancellation. Cost us $500 more for hotel, food, and cab rides because they cancelled on us for a flight from LAS to ORD @5:25pm. If we were dead we would not fly Spirit!
2	Value airline company that passes the saving to their clientele who proactively adheres to their guidelines. With that in mind the airline itself is very strict when a customer presents a larger or heavier bag. Restricting bag weight to 40 lbs. causes a customer to consider packing lighter than normal, but is a terrible business practice to actually experience. For a visit lasting longer than a few days, many people may experience a $25 overweight charge per bag when packing for their trips.As for the customer service I've experienced by the airline at McCarren, I found the service to be friendly and quick with little to no issues during our check in process.So if everything is fairly decent why is the airline rated 2 stars? It is simple, the interior in the actual flight is cramped and the worst experience I've ever occurred. Everything is tightly packed into a dirty modern airbus that is so tight and lacking amenities it really changed the experience for its fliers. Seats do no recline, gum stains are on the floor, the drink menu offers several options however the plane does not have them in inventory, multiple technical issues with their planes and computer systems prolonging flights, and just an overall experience that lacks what some may expect as common service expectations. 2 stars it's priced well but it is what you are paying for that you need to consider prior to choosing Spirit - a subpar experience with many cut corners fliers have come to expect as a normal flying experience.
1	The absolute worst airline I have ever flown and I flew 90,000 miles this year.  The plane smelled like there was a dead body lost somewhere on it and even after prepaying $50 to check bags my 52 lbs bag ended up costing $150. Could have flown business select on Southwest after all the nickel a dimeing. I will NEVER ever fly this airline again.
3	I want to give four stars for fast and easy check in, for 45-minute flight from San Diego to Vegas round-trip, for entertaining pilots and flight-associates. I'm also giving five stars for cheap ticket prices ($100 for both tickets). And two stars for rescheduling flight for two hours, 20 minutes prior to an original time departure. As a result, Spirits receives three stars from me, however I hope all flaws will be fixed relly soon!
4	I booked a flight on Spirit airlines and flew from Las Vegas to Houston and back this week.  I booked with Spirit because I was looking for a cheap flight on short notice.  After I booked the flight, I began reading the reviews. I usually read the reviews before I make a purchase and not afterwards.  I was thinking I probably made a mistake based on the negative reviews on Yelp.  I opted to check one bag and purchased seat assignments.  I arrived at the airport and was surprised to find 5 Spirit Airline employees working the check in counter.  They were very friendly and efficient, and the process went smoothly.  The rules were clear about the 40 pound weight limit, so I weighed the bag before I went to the airport.  The plane we were taking arrived from Chicago, and they loaded the plane very quickly.  We pulled away from the gate 10 minutes early, and were in the air before I scheduled departure time.  Upon arrival in Houston I only waited about 5 minutes for the bag to come out.  On the return trip check in was a breeze.  This time the plane coming from Chicago was about 15 minutes late so we were about 15 minutes late departing.  Upon arrival in Las Vegas I only had to wait about 5 minutes for the bag to come out.Overall I was very impressed with the flight and the service for the price. I had a much better experience then I've had on several other major carriers.
1	Just flew out to Vegas from dc area. First airline I would give 0 stars to.  There's no leg room, I'm only 5'11". Seats don't recline. These days you don't expect a four course meal but usually you woo get a small cup of something to drink and a very small cracker or cookie just to say hey at least we gave you something. Well I wasn't really thirsty but I always get a soda and usually if you ask they'll give you the can.  A water costs 3 BUCKS!  WTF!    I would have refused on principle but I'm on a lot of Meds and my wife bought some over my protests.    The worst part was the unprofessional flight crew. Rude and sarcastic. This guy keeps getting up and making statements like " under FAA law you must follow our orders",  just got the overall impession of a cold, undertrained staff.  I nor my wife nor anyone I can talk to will fly them again.On a side note the pilot deserved more stars than that. He apologized for all the turbulence. Talked to him outside the plane and had a great talk.  Too bad that won't make me come back!
4	I have flown Spirit in the past and have never had an issue. Recently the son of a buddy of mine flew Spirit and was delayed two hours. So when I opted fly Spirit for a weekend jaunt back home, my buddy was flabbergasted. Well, I'm back and it was a rather pleasant experience. The flight out of Vegas was delayed about 45 minutes, but I had sort of anticipated that. The return flight from San Diego went off without the slightest hitch. They charge for bags,  but you can carry a "personal" item for free. I was able to fit everything for my two-dayer into a backpack and carry it for free. Beverages and snacks are extra too. Three dollars for a soda and even more for beer or wine. I have yet to take a long trip via Spirit, but if you plan accordingly, a short trip can be extremely cost effective. It cost me less to fly to SD than it would have to drive. The entire Spirit staff was friendly and attentive both legs of the trip. My buddy won't agree, but I'm going with four stars. You have to work it a little bit, but if you do it will pay off. Plan accordingly. Bon voyage!
1	PASSENGER ALERT!  SPIRIT AIRLINES DON'T MAINTAIN THEIR PLANES!Spirit Airlines utilize their planes to failure.  They don't invest in passenger safety and airplane maintenance.  We were stuck at the Las Vegas airport  after our plane  malfunctioned during takeoff from  Las Vegas to Dallas, Tx in August, 2013. We arrived at the airport 500 pm  for a flight leaving at 630 and didn't leave till 330 the next morning and they just put us on another plane that had also malfunctioned that evening.  To say the least, we were praying when we boarded.  They would not offer us a refund or a change to another flight due to" unavailability "so we had little choice. They assured that the issues had been repaired. Needless to say we spent  the night with two other full flights that were also cancelled that evening.  It was crowded. I even got the flu due to the poor quality of air due to the overcrowded terminal.  People were getting upset and loud and the staff just threatened that they would not let them board if they didn't quiet down. Fly any other airline but this one.  And Oh btw, they also charged us 250 for bags because none are included in your flight.
3	Spirit Airlines is a value airline for those who want to hop a quick cheap flight. They will nickle and dime you, when it comes to luggage and so forth, so you must be prepared mentally to pay that extra fee. I would recommend Spirit for a quick jaunt and if you are not expecting to check in loads of luggage. My friend booked a round trip ticket a week before her trip  from Dallas to New Orleans for $150.00. You cant beat that, so I def think Spirit is worth it.
1	Flew from San to vegas stop over on way to   Chicago. First of all there is no leg room no matter your size. Hope your not over 6ft. Now wait for over 2 hours on a mechanical delay. Wow a full plane is waiting in lobby with delay after delay. This is a first for me.  I will never fly them again!
1	Wish there was a zero star option. They charge you to pick your seats! We had to pay just to sit together in a regular row. Plus they are ALWAYS delayed! Las Vegas to Portland and a 3 hr delay due to mechanical issues. As I'm waiting I hear that 3 other Spirit airline flights are delayed for the same reasons!! Never again. :(
1	Worst experience on an airline ever but I guess you get what you pay for. Flight attendents were extremely rude and irritable. My flight was also delayed 3 hours on my way home from vegas. I will definitely NOT be flying with spirit ever again.  Even if the tickets are dirt cheap it's not worth it. Lesson learned.
1	DONT DO IT! They're ALWAYS LATE. Was 4 hours late from SAN to LAS. Now late AGAIN LAS to SAN. Check the schedule online before you board.  Was suppose to leave at 7. Boarded 630. Flight attendant announced we're waiting for a pilot.  705 I checked online and we're not leaving till 8. No air circulation on the plane.  Rude stewards alleging their staff wasnt aware of the change online. Oh and FEES for EVERYTHING! Check in AND carry on luggage.  40 for carry on luggage if you pay online and 100 if you do it at the airport.  RIDICULOUS!
3	This airlines is okay.  We didn't have much problems.  We were lucky none of our flights delayed as others did.  The plane is really tiny.  Watch out for hidden fees!  They charge an arm and a leg for check in bags and carry ons.
1	Horrible airline. Flew it once and never again between Vegas and San Diego. Look out for the 40 pound minimum weight limit for checked baggage. My one bag cost me  $110 round trip Vegas to San Diego.  They are out to nickel and dime you to death. Is there such a thing as negative stars? Horrible Horrible Horrible !!!!!!
1	TERRIBLE customer service. As I was in line, other customers and I watched the desk person have a conversation with someone who seemed to be a co worker. The people behind me said they had seen her put her hand up so I went up to the counter. She continued talking so I waited. The coworker directed the counter persons attention to me. She replied to her coworker that she had not called me up. I asked if she wanted me to wait or go back in line. She instructed me to go back in line. As soon as I got back to the waiting point, she yelled, next in line! Absolutely atrocious! I will appeal to my employer to use a different airline from now on since their baggage fees make up for or exceed the other airline's fares. I am done with Spirit. Not the first issue I have had with them, but it WILL be the last!
1	We will NEVER  fly this shit again !!! No customer service and our flight is delayed 3 dam hours thanks not to mestion the seating SUCKS talk about a sardine can! This was our 1st time and this will be our last! We rather drive were stuck in Vegas for 3 hours and not looking forward to be stuck in a plane that you really have noooo leg room where did this company even come from! Well now to find their site and complain
1	"NEVER FLY SPIRIT": I have heard this, oh, 50 times in the last two days in Vegas. It seems I am the only person currently in this town who didn't know they're a bunch of LYING THIEVES. Jews would say goniffs. NEVER AGAIN I hear over and over again. Of course none of my Vegas friends (one dear friend who lives here half the year for 18 years and those who come to play or gamble) told me about this. Spirit Airlines, according to the man at LAX, is the ONLY airline which charges for carry-on. So yeah, 97RT from LAX to LV. But, 100 for an overnight bag. The seats blow all other coach seats out of the water but who gives a s***? I can sit on a dance studio marley floor in the splits for 50 minutes. I don't need a luxury seat on coach for a flight under one hour. I am going to make it my mission in life to expose Spirit Airlines as the most deceitful, unethical airline IN America. And my aunt just retired from American after 23 years. I fly all the time but not to Vegas. My WWII bomber pilot father always said, "There's no free lunch in life." I have a big mouth and can talk ceaselessly without taking a breath for hours on end. I plan to tell as many people in America as will listen to me about the horrors of Spirit. You have to BUY diet Coke or water. Spirit Airlines and Yellow Checker Star are on my top sh** list forever.
1	This is the worst airline I have ever used. Booked flight for my wife to visit her sick dad. That flight was two hours late. Booked her return flight and it is four hours taking off. I couldn't see how to post negative numbers for he review
1	Spirit gets no stars! They are by far the worst airline ever! They make you pay for everything and there is no room! They have the worst customer service! They are rude and inconsiderate. All the planes stink and are extremely uncomfortable. Horrible horrible horrible!!!!!!! Don't ever fly it. They need new management!!!
4	So much better than people would indicate, but decidedly a 'get what you pay for' sort of experience.  Be a responsible adult, do your research, read the policies, and then decide if Spirit is for you - essentially a matter of cost vs. benefit.I'm 6'2", 175lbs, and need to pack one pair of shoes (in addition to those on my feet) when I travel and with that said I still managed to sit comfortably, sleep on the plane, and pack only a small backpack for a 3 day trip to Chicago thus saving $220 compared to the next cheapest roundtrip Thanksgiving flight.
1	I fly 40-50k miles a year and was cautious about going with this carrier.  I should have followed my instincts.  Starting with a positive note, I thought all the check-in reps were very pleasant as well as the attendants. My disappointment was that all their flights seem late. I looked at the board in Vegas and all but two Spirit flights were delayed all over the country whereas the other airlines were all fine.  I think they have many mechanical problems that they do not want to share.   I dug a bit deeper and saw our original plane come in from Florida. It came to the gate and left without passengers confirming my suspicions. As I am writing this the aircraft to LAX just announced they are now delayed because of maintenance .  Wish me luck as I am about to board to Oakland.Are these planes even safe to fly?  Also I wonder if they so cheap do they pay their staff fairly?  The best pilots chase the best wages.
1	Horrible!!! I should have listen to all the reviews! Delays.. 3 1/2hr Delays!!!it's the.first and differently the last. I flew out of Tampa to Vegas and it took me close to 13hrs..horrible.. Horrible!!! Can't.image if u fly international.. You'll probably spend.your whole trip waiting on the delays.
1	Never flying this lousy airline ever again. They screw you over at every opportunity.I wish there was a way to give zero stars.
2	First off, I was on flight 245 on 12/15 just so thats out of the way. Anyways, my first time flying as an adult heading from Oregon to Las Vegas for my 21st! Exciting right?  So I wasn't sure what to quite expect.. The first plane we had, had a nice crew, clean plane.. But on the way back home, our flight was delayed TWO HOURS, from mechanical issues back in Chicago.. After boarding the plane, we waited an additional 45 minutes at McCarren, so they could fix "some minor issues".. A lady in the seat in front of us had got up to address her concern to one of the flight attendants, and they were COMPLETELY IMMATURE, UNPROFESSIONAL, and DISRESPECTFUL. The male who she had spoken to got on the phone, and kept direct eye contact with the woman who had gotten up to speak her concerns, giggling with the female flight attendant as he is on the phone, there forth making the woman uncomfortable. They proceeded to whisper and laugh in the front.. All that is going through my mind is "REALLY?? HIGH SCHOOL DRAMA FLIGHT ATTENDEES??" This was my biggest concern. Our whole row got neglected the rest of our three hour flight by those two attendants, because they simply did not want to deal with the miss who spoke her mind.. The captain seemed calm and collected, nice enough.  I overall didn't like this airline, and would not recommend. At baggage claim, my bag was nowhere to be found, not something I want to do is wonder where my belongs are at 2a.m.. come to find out my bag was sent to PDX at 11 a.m(when I checked into the airport) yet I had to fly from Vegas, to San Diego, then to PDX. Wonder why I couldn't catch the flight my baggage was on, hmm? I suppose you get what you pay for, know better for next time!!
2	Tisk, tisk on ME for being cheap and going with Spirit!  I can only SMH at myself on my experience and for being frugal!  One can not expect decent champagne on a beer budget.  Spirit Airlines isn't terrible.  The airline delivered and took me to my location in one piece.  However, since this airline is significantly cheaper than other carriers; it appears as if patrons forgo certain amenities::::leg room  (This coming from someone who is 5'2"!):::a waiting area with seats for more than half of the patrons  (Just imagine people    laying on the floor EVERYWHERE.)  :::adequate staffing  (Budget airlines do not appear to be the most generous with staff    salaries or the best with staffing in general.):::TERRIBLE, uncomfortable airline seats (Yes, I understand that most airline seats    aren't stellar.  However, there are probably the worst that I have sat/crammed my    little self in.  If you are over 5"6" and 150 lbs you will STRUGGLE to fit in one.)-CARRY ON BAG FEES    Patrons pay for carry on bags!  SMHAgain, my experience with Spirit wasn't awful.  However, this will be my last Spirit experience.  After the sneaky bag fees and discomforts-- going with this airline isn't worth it.  I'll pay a little more-- after the fees, I didn't really save much.
1	Yeah...not flying this airline again. Cheap tickets aren't that cheap after everything is said and done. Website sucks. Online check in was an unnecessary hassle.
1	Cheap is right. Flying subway. Dirty as a school bus. We had a layover with no plane change. We were allowed to keep our bags on the plane. Same situation on the return but this time while re boarding we found all our shit on the ramp. Just chillin. No announcements were made and this flight attendant said they never allow it. So every time you fly is a new story. Based on which incompetent service person is working the gate or your flight attendant. Run by schmucks. Cheap is an allusion. You pay out your ass for every single bag. Oh, and fly with a lap child and they'll put you in a row that doesn't recline. But that was on the return. On our first leg they said you couldn't sit with any kids under 12 even 1 row in front or behind the Emergency exit rows. Bullshit. Don't fly this airline.
2	If you're reading previous reviews, I'd recommend first doing your own research before disregarding Spirit. While it is true that Spirit charges you for literally EVERYTHING, including check in baggages, carry on baggages, water, food, alcohol, and even SEAT selection. But it's like you're "getting what you paid for." HOWEVER, I must point out that even with all these extra charges, occasionally Spirit is STILL cheaper than the cheapest flight on expedia, or Southwest. The staff is easy to work with and they give you a heads up that if you wanted to be seated together, you must immediately go to the Spirit agent at the door and let them know. I had no problem getting seats sitting together for four people both ways. The staff on the plane aren't gorgeous like other flight attendants, but they are kind and at your service. They don't really pay attention to the patrons during the whole flight, but that's what the service button is for. Plane was dirty both ways and seats in the back and small and uncomfortable (I'm 5'3in and my knees hurt). The front seats are bigger and have head rests. I went to Vegas, so the ride was fast (1.5) and we had no problem with any delays.Tips: 1) Paying online for check-in and carry-ons bags are cheaper than paying at the airport. 2) EVERYTHING is charged. DO NOT assume anything is complimentary.3) ONLY fly with Spirit if it is a SHORT flight. Short flights allows you to take a nice nap and wake up at your destination with maybe a bathroom break (that IS free). In the long run, short flights will be cheaper (all things included - comfortably, price..etc).  Long flights may cause you to want to buy the horrendously priced food/drinks and cause body aches. Overall: worth it if you can travel light and plan to go somewhere nearby, or bring your own food onto the plane. Other airlines are obviously better, but this is definitely cheap.
1	They charge extra for everything, even a carry on. The seats are very small with no leg room at all. Never flying with them again.
1	Worst airlines EVER.  And I'm a pretty reasonable and paitent person.  Took this airline to Chicago last year because supposedly they were "really affordable".  Our plane emergency landed due to a crack in the windshield, which is a good reason for the detour I'll admit to that.  However it's what happen there after that really ticked me off!1)  Detour flight lands in Denver at about 5:30-6AM.  No word what so-ever as to when we'd be getting back aboard or going to another flight.  We each get a $7 voucher which only can be used at McDonalds due to the value, so imagine that line.2)  3 hours go by and finally someone says we have to all go down to the baggage claim area and grab our lagguages and then drag ourselves all the way back to the check-in desk.  Mind you, this is the entire plane (which was full) that has to do this.3)  First-come-first serve.  The entire plane then now has to stand in line with only 2 ticking agents to help us.  After 4 more hours of standing in line we get to the agent and the only options we have are to take connectiing flights to other cities (cities not even close to Chicago) or get booked on another airlines and WE HAVE TO PAY the difference.  In both cases we already lost 1 day in Denver, but now we'd lose another 1/2 day as these flights were all the next morning.  4)  We take a flight that is from Spirit that takes off around 11:30PM...it's only 3PM.  We ask the woman if we could leave our bags behind the check in counter as it would be a hassle to drag (and fit) 8 suitcases around Denver until our flight.  The answer was "NO."5)  Come back to catch this 11:30p flight and there's only the 8 of us and another passanger.  We board a damn hour late of course.  The plane takes off and lands within 15 minutes.  We are now told we cannot use this plane and we need to exit.  Turns out they put us on the same plane that had the broken windshield and they had only fixed it in the afternoon so the thing wasn't freaking even ready.  Smart move by the pilot who actually caught this error.  6)  No sleep and no shower, we are all p*ssed.  It took us another hour of arguing before we could get Spirit airlines to get us on another flight with another airlines and pay the difference themselves.  We also finally got them to paid for a hotel so we could actually take showers and sleep a few minutes.  They initially did not want to pay for a hotel.  Basically we get to the hotel at 4:30AM.  The flight is at 8:30AM.  Bullsh*t.  So now we get to spend our first day in Chicago sleeply as heck.7)  The flight back to Vegas was also delayed an hour.  Not to mention the kids in the back of us where acting like idiots screaming and yelling.  The flight attendants did do anything about it until one of them started to barf!  WTF?  This airlines is so gross...worst experience ever.  Period.  8)  Spirit gives us all a $50 travel voucher with them as an "apology."  I told them to keep it.
3	One of the more interesting companies in terms of consumer complaints and message board negatives. I travel LAS to DFW often.. Bottom line its safe cheap nonstop air to DFW especially if you do not carry or check bags.Yes the leg room is substandard, but they beat American (currently the only other carrier to fly this route non stop) by 50% in terms of fair price all the time
2	You think your getting a great deal, but beware of all the extra cost. Read everything!! You must do everything on line. If not they will chrg you a $100 for ckd bag at airport or $30 on line..  Allowed up to 40lbs ckd luggagePrint your boarding passes or it's an extra $10 a ticketSeats are an extra charge based on seat. Your allowed a carry on as long as its a backpack/ purse ect.. They will charge for carry ons otherwise. No leg room $3 for water - get food & drink at airportOverall our tickers were cheaper, but only because we read all of the info & did everything on line.It really became a joke, every time we mentioned the airline, we said, beware that will cost you an extra $
5	Love the cheap flights, plane was clean and attendants was really nice.Everyone complains about additional charges but if you read the fine prints and understand their policy, then you'll have absolutely no problem.
2	Inconsistent at best! I have had some good experiences and I have had some outrageously poor experiences. I do not mind if it is no frills, but there is a level of service that is basic. For instance, when I go to drop my luggage at the ticket counter    the least I could get is a smile. This is almost as miserable as the customer service delivered by.... Well actually even a grocery store, gas station and fast food joint deliver the basics. Mismanagement at its finest.
5	Ok. Going to update my previous review. Just came back from a Vegas trip. Flew out from Ohare 02/02/14 at 15:40. Flew out on time. Flew back to Ohare at 09:15 02/04/14 (Vegas time) without any problems (AND we were expecting a snow storm in Chicago at around the time we were expected to land). Again, no problems. No delays. Even got to Chicago an extra 15 mins early! About the prices...people reviewing on here are crying about the added fees (i.e. Carry on luggage, seat assignments, food and beverage). IT IS ALL OVER THEIR WEBPAGE BEFORE YOU CLICK TO CONFIRM!!!!! Upset about the price of food and beverage? Get yourself a damn combo meal at McDonald's before boarding and QUIT CRYING!I flew out as the Superbowl was happening and the pilot was even giving updates about the score. Do the research. Even with all the add ons, you will still save yourself $100s! Spirit, you will always have a happy customer flying with you!
1	Just had a run in with the checkin counter at spirit airlines ... Apologies- the contracted labor from delta that does not actually give a crap about the spirit brand. The guy last week was not lying about the crazy contractors that blow the experience for customers. "Ma'am, now that I am done with your luggage experience, I will need your ID." Hmm... But my bag has already left on it's magical journey to the underbelly of the worst plane on earth. Why ever would you need my ID now dumb dumb? "If I do not get your ID, you will not be able to board the flight." Well, at least I know one in my party will get there. "Type, type, click, clack, goes the agent on computer with nonfunctional nails." After asking to speaking to a supervisor and immediately being met with the same attitude, I realized it was time to cut my losses and run. Emailed customer support because getting a human on the phone is an act of God. Let's see if they respond.
1	Spirit Airlines is low cost but horrible service. It is not just that there service is poor, it is intentionally poor. Even when provided the opportunity to offer good customer service, they revert to process they must follow. I once had a flight cancelled and was given a short period of time to rebook the flight or lose my money. When I needed to make the flight outside that period, they denied my credit. I would definitely not recommend them.  If you are looking for low cost and can accept VERY VERY Bad service then they might be ok with them.
1	I am giving a one star because  there isn't a no star choices. Everybody I heard from people about this airline saying that It is the first time and also the last time.You think you save money from this airline because it's cheaper than other airline? NO way! You end up pay a lot more than others. I paid my small carry on luggage to check in for $45. My husband won't believe it when I was telling him. I also took it for sure because I carry this small luggage fly every where without problem since I start to fly. I follow the rule that paid it. I did see somebody PAID $100 AT THE GATE. What a rape off. The gate people were so rude!I am so angry that putting this Nasty review. I wish everybody can see it before they choose this flight.Plus, No free water on the plane. You have to pay!
1	So, I've been flying spirit for a while now because their initial prices are the lowest. It sucks to pay for baggage and every other tiny little thing that should be more or less free when flying, but it was never terrible. Now, I'm at my wit's end. I will NEVER, I repeat NEVER fly with spirit ever again. The customer service representatives are incredibly incompetent and I hate to sound racist because I'm mixed race myself, but these people CANNOT UNDERSTAND ENGLISH and the miscommunication has cost me money, time, and energy. I had to change my flight twice due to an emergency. I called within the 24hr limit or whatever and the woman on the phone insisted "you no know what you speak on. you pay more money always." Um. What the fack?! No. I don't pay more money always. When flying southwest, changing a flight--even missing a flight costs little to nothing. Changing my flights with spirit and following THEIR bullshit rules that even they don't seem to understand cost me $438 extra, in addition to paying for my carry-on bag for all of those flights, paying the difference in cost for the flights (which I DO understand), and paying for some other random fee that the woman on the phone informed me she couldn't explain or pronounce. Literally. Spirit, get your shit together before you don't exist anymore. Website is ridiculous to navigate. I am so fed up I wish I could sue! EAT A FAT ROOSTER AND KISS MY DONKEY SPIRIT!
1	Like the other reviewers, a LOT of hidden fees that you are not aware of until AFTER you book. We live in houston and live 5 mins away from hobby airport but to get the *special deal* we had to leave from bush which is an hr away. Of course, once the fees hit it us, we should have just booked with southwest. I've never heard of an airline that *charges* you to pick your seats?!? Wth? Never again
1	Never again. Accidently booked by expedia. Will never book this airline again. Worst. Flight was delayed. Had to pay for baggage before and was way higher than the industry norm. Had to pay for seat. Had to wait even longer for bags. 3 hour one way flight turned into a 9 hour disaster.
1	Spirit Airlines is the worst!  Hidden baggage fees, such as having to pay $50 for a carry-on.  This airline is poorly run and will nickel and dime you to death.
1	Worst airline experience ever. I booked round trip with spirit.My first  flight was delayed with 6 hours, they said if I leave the airport and come back later , they may not be there, because the flight departing time might change again and they do not do any notifications about that. I paid extra for my luggage and to select seat. Since the flight was delayed for so long, after an hour waiting at the airport I bought a different ticket with Southwest. A few days later when I had to catch my returning flight, they told me at the check in counter that my flight reservation was canceled   since I didn't board on the first flight. After numerous phone calls with them they didn't do or offer any refund or credit.I ended up buying one more ticket with Southwest , so I can go back home.Their policy is made to protect them in all bizarre and ridiculous situations. Do not book, I bought their ticket to get a deal and ended up paying more than for a first class ticket!
1	Worst airline ever. You get charged for everything even water. Smallest seats ever. Rude attendants. I swear this plane is older than I am. Will NEVER fly spirit again.
1	Horrible airline. Flight was delayed by 45 minutes. Employees at the counter could get a personality. Pilot could not decide if he needs to turn left or right during flight. Extra fees for baggage and carry on. Taxes tacked on to each checked bag. Upcharge of 25 for overweight bags that weigh over 40 lbs. I highly recommend not to use this airline unless you are desparate. The boarding gate area was nasty with garbage everywhere. They ask you on the flight to pick up other people's trash. 1 star is too kind for this airline, but that is the min rating.
1	They charged my cousin $50 for carry-on bag which is just 22 x 18 x 10 inches. I remembered clearly I measured her case very carefully in order not to be charged the fee at the counter. My cousin was traveling internationally alone and did not quite understand English so she just paid what they asked for and could not even argue with them.  Disgusting.BTW, flight was nearly 2 hrs delay.
1	Biggest POS airline in America.  Charged me $100 at gate for a carry-on that fit (rollers in first) in overhead compartment but was larger than their arbitrary "max size carry-on."  Notably, they still allowed me to carry it on.  THEN we were delayed bc they let passengers on who were booked on a later flight.  They suck.  Not worth the discount.
1	SPIRIT= Shitheads Proudly instigating Rude Ignorant Travel!!THE PLANES ARE NOT SAFE due to employee moral-do not fly this airline!! criminal minded predatory flying monkeys!  i was on the 6 am flight to  lv and arrived 20 minutes before departure because tsa was in a coma. the agent refused to board me the even thought the plane was at the gate and didn't take off for 20 minutes, then 6 more passengers told the same thing by this maria the oakland 300 pound spirit supervisor. she said try another airline can't do anything, so had to run to southwest and pay 300 for a ticket to make my meeting. the cashier in the gift shop said she let another lady on, and this happens all the time! i go to the other gate and chat with tsa guards, and 4 of them tell me they would never fly this airline and they hear the worst horror stories, maintainence supervisors not caring about details and predatory pricing and bait and switch small print disclosers. the real concern is the employee moral is so bad that the maintainence employees don't really care if the plane is safe. this airline is not safe due do employee moral and lack of empowerment from management, i have been traveling for 30 years and have never missed a flight-the same thing happened on the return flight! the lv supervisor told me to get out of my face when i asked why are you charging me 18 when i paid for the 9 dollar club etc. he stormed off and told me your will never fly spirit again, so my lady friend goes back to desk a few minutes later with the same ticket and now told its 150 to change flight!! then i call and they change flight for 23 dollars when the web site say changes within 24 hours are free.the employees don't care and hate there jobs which is a safety concern! don't' not fly this airline it is not safe because the rules create low moral of i don't care i'm just here for a paycheck and take the abuse from ignorant management policies. this airline will fail only after they cycle through all the suckers and the public really knows the risk of flying the unsafe airline. southwest employee culture of attempting to solve passenger problems is worth the extra money, denied boarding twice in 2 days with no refunds! huge rip off!
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. WORST AIRLINE EVER! I booked off Expedia and there was no mention that when I got to the airport I would be PAYING 50$ for a carry on!! Unbelievable! I totally understand the fee for a checked bag but a small carry on? Unreal. The horrible staff said I would still be paying less than a flight on another airline. WRONG. Had I booked the other flight on virgin that was almost booked I would pay 5$ more when booking on Expedia however wouldn't have to spend the 50$ EACH way for my carry on. Now to the problems while AT the airport. I'm flying an hour flight And I'm delayed over 2 hours. Not for weather or something uncontrollable. For "aircraft maintenance". Which means the AIRLINE wasn't prepared. And what do they do to compensate? Absolutely NOTHING. I will NEVER FLY THIS AIRLINE AGAIN! And unless they refund my flight or bags or something! I will make sure everyone I know, including my 3,000 fb friends, family, etc know how horrible of an airline this is. I will be surprised if you are still in business within the year. I fly way to often to deal with this over priced, rude, and trashy airline!! Good like spirit
1	Shitty ass airline! Agree with the other posts they don't tell you about ALL the hidden fees! Our flight was delayed for 5 hours, we were supposed to leave at 9:30PM and it's delayed until 2:05AM - WTF!!!! Do not book with them, WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!!!!!!  oh and they kept saying it "might" be delayed, ummmm checked online and it says delayed. GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER! Ridiculous!
5	really great flight crew that made our 5 hour flight from Detroit enjoyable and comfortable from the time we boarded until we exited the aircraft.
1	We will NEVER fly this airline again. They actually get zero stars. We flew to Las Vegas from LAX with no problem, with carry on bag. Got right through, no questions.Leaving Las Vegas, we tried to check in at the counter but got told to use kiosk and asked about carry on. She told us to use kiosk. Again, boarding passes were printed, asked about extra 15.00 for seat assignment, NO! The boarding area was so crowded we sat on the outside of it. No place to sit down near boarding gates at all.As we finally were called, last section on, our tickets were taken and I was pulled out of line for carry on stating I had to pay 100.00 to use overhead. We did not do this on our way from LAX, were told it was ok, so now we are told to pay 100.00??? The people at the counter were totally rude, we had minutes before boarding and were told we could try and go back down to the same counter we had already been at to ask about  this, or pay 100.00 or miss the flight. We were not the only ones going through this. One woman from Australia was in tears, also flying one way with no problem but not able to fly the other. What a scam airline, we will never fly with them again. Horrible, cramped, 3.00 for a bottle of flippin water...surprised you don't pay to use the bathroom, Luckily it was only an hour flight.
1	I don't think I want to write a book about how horrible this airline is, but I could!Beware: The seats are VERY small, they may have good face value in tickets, but they SCREW you with a $50 EACH WAY charge for CARRY-ON luggage!!! With two of us traveling it was an additional $200 I don't care if the cost is DOUBLE with another airline, I will NEVER, NEVER, NEVER fly Spirit Airlines EVER again!!!!P.S. Water isn't free .... try $3.00 Up yours Spirit
4	I can't  believe I'm reviewing an airline, but I feel like it has to be done because there is too much crap out there about Spirit.  I'm not going to lie, I was expecting the worst after I read up about Spirit.  But that's all you have to do...READ UP.  Spirit is not sneaky.  They are not getting one over on you.  It is listed that your sorry butt is going to have to pay $100 for your bag if you don't handle it before hand.  Is it in your face?  No.  Are you going to overlook it if you don't do research?  Probably.  But that's on you....these are budget flights, you had to think SOMETHING was different, right?I don't know what all the stuff about smallest seats ever is about...maybe I've been flying tiny planes my whole life, but the Spirit plane was pretty normal...to me.  I've never been on a plane where I was stretching out in the lap of luxury, so yeah, it was small...but aren't they all?So, this is my only experience with Spirit, but I flew from Philly to Vegas and everything was great.  The lady that checked us in even offered me a paper bag to put some stuff in when my checked bag was over 40lbs.  So nice!  They boarded the plane quickly and we were off in no time.  The flight attendants are hilariously nonchalant, making jokes and acting like normal humans.  I got a deal on the flight, I'm not sad I didn't get a coke for free.  Get some goodies at the airport before you leave...you'll be fine.Flight from Vegas to Philly was just as good, we even got in early.  I honestly don't know what all the fuss is about.  Spirit is much like Ryan Air in Europe...it is a means of transportation....not a party.  You get what you pay for, and I paid for a flight to and from Vegas.  Thanks Spirit, I'll be back!
1	Because all of my favorite carriers were asking much higher prices, I decided to give Spirit Airlines a try for my most recent Chicago/Las Vegas business trip.Let's just say that this frequent flyer (I log about between 40-50 thousand miles per year) definitely has buyer's remorse over his decision to try this carrier.The planes were or seemed newer.  The planes were relatively clean. The service was relatively decent, but the good points end here.What I really did not like about Spirit is that they charge just about everything including seats, checked bags, carry-on bags (if you don't pay at booking, they will sock you $100 a piece at the gate for your carry-on), beverages (including water, coffee, tea and soft drinks) and snacks! Paying for checked bags and even seats do not bug me too much but also paying for carry-on, water, soda, and snacks? Okay, maybe I also could live with charging for certain snacks, but charging for the rest of items is simply crazy! Especially if I have to be in an airplane for almost 4 hours?! Again, I log about 40-50 thousand miles a year.  I have flown several different airlines. I have flown many "low price" airlines.  I travel economy or premium economy. I don't travel business or first class, but I haven't experienced a carrier who has failed to provide the value for me as miserably as Spirit. I have no problems with "no frills" airlines, but, when I don't feel the value as a customer, the company has failed. I don't feel the spirit or feel my spirit lifting after traveling with them. Instead, I feel regret for choosing this carrier. Charging your customers for one too many items, little items, isn't going to be a long-term winning business solution. There are plenty low fare carriers around. Most are doing much better than Spirit.Unless there aren't any other choices, I won't fly Spirit Airlines any longer, and I highly recommend you to avoid it as well.
1	Nickel and dime for everything,  too long of a boarding time (45minutes extra time of sitting on airplane is ridicules),  usually always some sort of departure delay (who cares if you can sometimes catch up in the air -  you still sit there from the time you boarded). Upgraded first seats not worth it especially when flight attendants are talking loud among themselves the entire time on overnight flights,  also loud banging from flight attendant coverts,  no respect for people trying to get some sleep(I had ear plugs and even this didn't help).    No heads up prior of flight regarding delays,  one time monitors didn't show the delays until scheduled departure time while gate stuff were announcing it over the Airport PR an hour early,  why not give this notice to arriving customers and update airport monitors so people don't have to rush to airport.   There are so many other things that are bothering me flying Spirit that I'm going to fly another airlines even when it's much higher cost.
4	i have to say i had incredibly low expectations of spirit after reading all the negative reviews on here. i honestly dont know what you people are complaining about. i flew from vegas to new york city with a layover in chicago. i'm 6'1, 210lbs and felt like the seats had enough leg room and space for me. as for the fees, i took the time to read up on the bag policies and knew how much it was before hand. even though i had to pay $50 for my bag, it was still cheaper than what other airlines were charging. as for the flight crews? they were great, specially the chicago based crew. they WERE AWESOME. this one flight attendant had everyone on board laughing at all the jokes he was cutting over the loud speaker. it made me forget about how banged up i was after spending a few days partying in vegas. i honest to god wish i could take that crew and place them on any and all flights i take for the rest of my life.bottom line? if you are low maintenance and are content with bringing your own food/entertainment with you on a spirit flight, then you'll be just fine. i absolutely will not hesitate to fly with them again.
3	No,  this is not luxury and yes,  you pay for everything.  The key to a more comfortable experience,  is to be prepared; make sure you pay for your bag in advance and make sure you measure the bag you carry on so you don't get an extra charge.   This is no thrills, but be responsible for yourself, read the fine print, organize and be prepared and it should be fine.
1	Like everyone else said, don't ... Do NOT even try this airline.  I got this on orbitz and they charge one bag $50 each way.  Great thing to find out when you check in... Totally rip off.  The money you save is maybe $20 each way compare to delta or UA or southwest or anyone, but with $50 for a CARRY-ON and $5 for a water or coffee ... You end up paying more.  I hate the feel of being cheated and dinged because people have no choice.  Just a wrong way of doing business and I will never do this again to encourage this type of business model.
1	Fly the unfriendly skies.  The seating on this airline is simply atrocious.  They have bench seats that must have come from a school bus.  No padding, uncomfortable as heck, and no separation from your buddy in the middle seat.  What a joke.  Zero leg room, I mean none.  I'm under 6 feet tall and my knees touched the seat in front of me.  There was nothing I could do.  The fees are ridiculous.  3 bucks for water, 30 dollars for a carry on if you do it online, 100 bucks at the airport.  Cheap fares are nice, cheap airlines are not.  Travel at your own risk.  If they skimp on amenities and gouge the traveler for everything imaginable, what shortcuts do they take with maintenance?  One has to wonder.
1	Sometimes you have a bad experience on an air carrier and you try and just think it was less their fault and maybe the airport or the weather or a number of things. This airlines sucks! Avoid at all costs and don't even waste the time reading anymore of this! Just stay away!This airline is hands down the absolute worst carrier currently operating in the United States. I have had the opportunity to experience it first hand in several cities and I ask myself why I keep going back. Honestly, I am not always the one booking it and I have no say in the matter, but when I do I avoid at all costs. -Awful flights that feel as if the pilots are new on the job or operating a plane that needs to be checked out. I understand turbulence and and such, but no excuse for not changing altitude or a rough landing or takeoff a with dramatic movements every which way. They are old planes that should be taken out of service. I have flown in nicer planes in third world countries!-Very unfriendly staff! It is like everyone hates their job and they are in no way able to try and assist you. Have had issues with planes being late or sitting on them waiting for takeoff and there is never valid reasons this occurs and never people working there that seem apologetic. Like making you board a plane in 10 minutes and then making you sit there for an hour before take off.-Zero comfort! If it is not already bad that you have a awful ride and unfriendly people that are helping you... You get to sit on top of the person next to you with zero leg room  and no entertainment options. Total crap in every way!-Cheap and not inexpensive! These two words seem similar, but they are not at all. This airlines always has the lowest price and even days up until traveling they offer this, but remember to add the cost of water, carry on bags and a number of other add on a that make absolutely no sense. They also have a Scam ring with their supposed saving club. Sign up and even if you unsubscribe it keeps you there and you are required to call after you see it on your credit card statement. Look around they do this to everyone!!!I try and not get a angry at companies, but this rant is not just me being upset about a bad experience this is total crap as am airlines and I suggest you avoid at all costs!
1	Can someone please tell me how this airline is still in business? For the second and last time that we ever booked with this company, the flight is cancelled with barely any notice. And they have no backup plan, so instead of a simple delay, it becomes an all-day ordeal (2-days previously). Add in the crazy charges for carryon bags, and you've got a company without the infrastructure to create an experience that even approaches the bare minimum. Do not be seduced by supposedly low fares and stay AWAY from Spirit!
1	By far the worst airline I have ever utilized. There were so many hidden fees that I should have just gotten a ticket through a more comfortable airline. You have to pay for your carryon and checked luggage, talking to an associate at the counter, the peanuts and drinks on the airplane and even to book the seat. If I have to pay for my seat, then what the first few hundred dollars pay for? Makes no sense. Will never ever use Spirit again.
1	Spirit airlines is THEE worst airline I've ever flown with. I flew from VA to Vegas and I was appalled that you had to pay for a carry on .. At every other airline you get 1 free carryon and 1 free personal item (such as a purse or a man bag) with them you either pay 25 (50 round trip) during booking, 36 during online check in (72 round trip) , 50  at  the bag drop of (100 round trip ) or  100 at the gate (200 round trip) . Your bag has to be 40lbs and under if it is over you pay an additional amount per how many lbs it is over. The seats were ridiculously SMALL. My flight took off 30 minutes later than expected and arrived an hour later than expected to our destination. Spirit is the worst airline I've ever flown and WILL never fly w them again also if you fly west coast to east coast you pay an additional 18  bag fee for going west to east.Great job spirit. Secret fees are pretty customer friendly -_- not!
2	Spirit certainly has some really low fares. Now that we have that out of the way, I must say that it certainly is a you get what you pay for airline. I fly around a decent amount and I've learned what works with them and what doesn't. Here's what works: They fly to a lot of cities, a lot of their flights are direct flights without layovers. The staff at the airports have always been pleasant and courteous. They also have great last minute deals in case your flight is An emergency or if you're going on a spontaneous adventure.  People have said that their flights are bumpy and rickety but I've always had smooth sailingNow, here's what doesn't work. I'm about 6'3 and 210 pounds so I expect to be cramped, but their flights take it to another level. Their bag check in fees are higher than most. Their seat choice fee is higher than mist, hell just about anything an airline charges for is higher with spirit. They also love to find ways to nickel and dime the customers.  They also don't have much variety in the sense that their routes only fly once a day, for example the only Vegas to Baltimore flight is an 1130 red eye. It's a deal breaker unless you're flexible. It's also a bit of an issue because if you miss your flight you're straight SOL for awhile TL;DR spirit is awesome if your flight is under 3 hours and if you're packing light. Everything else, I'd generally recommend paying the difference and enjoying the comfort
1	Every aspect of this company is a nightmare.Scheduling is a pain- though this airline is cheap, you have to do some detective work to make sure you're getting the best price. Which is why I had to book my guy four separate flights to get to and from a work conference in Orlando: one from LAS to DFW, another from DFW to Orlando, then the same in reverse to return, in order to get the best final price.First flight was delayed and then cancelled. No contact was made to alert me of this prior to arriving at the airport. Every other airline I've flown has texted and/or called me in a timely manner. Had to make two trips in one hour to our lovely airport to retrieve my guy. Staff had absolutely no ability to reschedule anything or come up with any possible solutions. This airline only seems to have evening/red-eye flights, so next available flight was 24 hours away, which didn't work for the conference we were travelling for in the first place.Since rescheduling with the same airline was not an option, had to shell out last-minute ticket prices for American Airlines- twice the price. Spirit has very strict policies/rules about when/how to request refunds, and I'm happy someone informed me that they are only able to issue one refund per trip per person. In other words, if your first flight has an issue, don't do anything about it until you have thoroughly completed your travel with Spirit. Because if you have additional issues getting home, they won't be able to do anything. Which makes no sense at all.Return flight was also delayed, but luckily not cancelled. Which isn't to say it's wasn't without irritation. What was supposed to be a 11PM arrival barely made it around 1:30AM. Luckily I didn't have work in the morning.Overall flight experience is miserable. Tiny-ass seats, very strict luggage requirements, steep fees for every little thing, not even water is free of charge in the air. Basically, you can only travel with a lunchbox unless you want to shell out $40-50, because they will literally charge you $100 at the gate to CARRY ON a bag. Even if it's a duffel bag. Because lord knows if you ain't got no leg room, your weekend bag isn't likely to fit under the seat in front of you, either.**IF YOU ARE CARRYING ON LUGGAGE, take your bag to the airport and make sure it fits in their little container. Otherwise, the fees you pay will eliminate any savings you get on the ticket price. Consider yourself warned!**I love saving money, but I wont be doing this again.
1	WORSE AIRLINES EVER. EVER! ... EVER!They charge you for everything. Even the complementary peanuts you're suppose to get for free. Carry on is $50 so pack light guys. The inside of the place is disgustingly dirty. The seats are crammed so close together that even I can barely move and I'm 5 foot 100lbs! That's an exaggeration, I was able to move but barely. I  just cant imagine someone being comfortable sitting there. The person next to you is basically shoulder to shoulder with you. So hope the stranger next to you doesn't have a woundering head when they sleep. Now lets talk about punctuality. Spirit Airlines do not believe in arriving and leaving in a timely manner. It's not in their vocabulary. There is always something wrong. Always. Our flight from LV to Chicago had to do an emergency landing In Denver due to a cracked window. Let's just say, my group of friends slept on the airport floor, was fed with $7 food vouchers, endless waiting, after 20 hours stuck in Denver they put us on the same damn airplane with the cracked window! Went up in the air and went right back down. Wtf right. Arrived to Chicago with United airlines (waaay better). Leaving Chicago, we had to ride with Spirit again (not by choice already purchased ticket) & that will be the last damn time I will. Delayed due to the AC being broke. Surprise. The turbulence, I will never forget. I literally thought I was going to die. Like for real. Little kids in the back screaming, people barfing behind me. It was every airplane thriller movie I had seen brought to life! They've contacted us trying to give us a $50 voucher to use with their airlines. Yah no thanks, I'd rather walk.
1	Spirit Airlines has some low fares and I have to say my flight was on time. Now with that being said I will never fly Spirit Airlines again! I can't believe I had to pay $50 for my carry on luggage and then an $136 for our seats! Then on top of that pay another $5 for a bottle of water and orange juice on the flight!
1	The worst airline ever!!! I didn't even fly with them and they were horrible. I had an emergency so I had to take an earlier flight (with another airline btw b/c they had nothing available).  When I contacted customer service to see if i could exchange the flight ( I would've understood a cancellation fee), the told me that I forfeited my flight and could not get a refund or exchange. So basically they stole my money. Never again!!!
1	It was a new airline and we thought to give it a try. And we were wrong. Coming back from Vegas to Oakland, our carry-on fit on their "size" check perfectly, but they want to charge us $100 because the wheels of the carry-on bag stick out a bit. We weren't going to pay $100 so we tore off the wheels.  It's was worth the fight since we can spend that $100 for a better carry-on instead to the Greedy airlines.  Never will flight spirit again. Our spirit is not with them anymore!
1	The worst airline I've ever taken! We had a carry-on roller with us outbound to Vegas with no charge as almost all DECENT airlines are. To our horror however, flying back to LAX we were to be charged A HUNDRED DOLLARS for the same carry on bags we had flying in! They were gonna charge us $100 for each bag at the gate telling us they were not going to hold the plane if we decided to check in the bags which were gonna require us to go downstairs to the check in counter then the security again and back. They said they didn't offer valet either.  Oh, the charge for checking in each bag was gonna be $45 by the way. Isn't this called highway robbery!? This should be completely illegal! I ran into the nearby souvenir shop and got us a huge shopping bag to transfer all our stuff from the original bags and saved us $200, 3 minutes to spare before dept time. I HATE SPIRIT AIR, I swear!!
1	This was certainly the worst experience of my life with an airline. The baggage fees were high $45 for a check in and $50 for a carry on for these prices should have just went to any other airline the plane was really raggedy seats were torn and the pilot flew the plane poorly there was an applause when we landed because it was so much turbulence on a beautiful summer day. There was no complimentary anything on plane and everything was extremely expensive. On my return home I experienced that spirit had over sold the tickets and claim that I was too late for my flight which was at 10 and I checked in at 9. Long story shirt no one would help me I was stuck at airport for  6 hours I finally left caught a bus home that took 15 hours to get me home worst experience I ever had in my life just terrible DO NOT fly with spirit!!!!!
1	If there were a minus star category, I would give Spirit Airline a minus 5, or more if possible.  Due to a family emergency, we had to cancel a portion of our trip and not only did I  loose my ticket but had to pay extra to have my luggage changed to my husband's reservation.  No matter how low their fares seem, it's not worth this horrible rip off. Worst airline ever, and we've flown with many no frills airlines, this is the poorest.
1	THE WORST!!!!! Horrible seats, only 40 pound luggage when all others are 50 pounds, seats were uncomfortable,  flight delayed because one of the flight attendants didn't show up. Tried to swith passenger name and after hours of fighting with customer service the passenger who didn't even pay for their ticket (MY credit card used) got a credit that will never be used. I was willing to fork out more money to the company but instead they screwed me over ROYALLY.  I have and will continue to tell people about my horrible experience.  I will NEVER use the airlines again, and feel like a used customer.  I will encourage everyone I know also to never use this airline either.
1	My friend warned me about Spirit Airlines. It is a budget airline and if you want to travel a short distance at cheaper discounted prices, you can come here. I decided that the one time I would be on Spirit Airlines is for a quick flight from LAX to Vegas. It would only take 45 minutes and it will be worth the price. I can deal with the worn out seats, the cramped space, and the additional charges for luggage because I know that it is a discount airline. They will nickel and dime you ($100.00 +) for additional luggage carry on. It is pretty extreme, but I decided to brush it off.The plane slowly started to take off and we started to see that there were already some problems: the plane was old and couldn't resist turbulence. For the first 15 minutes that the plane was in the air, the entire cabin was shaking around so much that the passengers started to hold on tightly to the walls of the plane. I felt nauseous by how much the plane was dropping up and down and twisting around. It didn't feel safe at all. The second issue is that most of the flights are delayed. The planes arrive late frequently and it's hard to get to another connecting flight if it is an unreliable airline.Third issue is the customer service through the phone. I tried calling the 1-800 number for baggage service and information about the airline. There are only four options and you can not speak to a single operator. The phone line hangs up on you after 10 seconds if you don't respond. Unreliability is one thing. Just because you consider yourself a discount airline doesn't mean you should be making your flights not safe for your passengers. I'm sorry, but that is where I draw the line. No thanks, Spirit, not again. On another note: Spirit Airlines will call themselves the fasted growing airline in the US. I just hope they look into replacing their airplane engines if they are honestly the fastest growing airline.
1	Wish I could give them ZERO stars.  Cheap flight, sure.  I booked through Expedia and paid $650 for round trip dallas to vegas including 3 nights at New York Hotel for 2 people.  HOWEVER when I went to check in I had to pay an additional $258 for each of us to have 1 carry on and a crap ton of additional fees.   WTH!  They suck you in and then sucker punch you.  You want a soda, charge.  You want coffee, charge.  I'm surprised they don't have a pay toilet on board.  Save money, fly Southwest.  You can even fly American cheaper than these rip off artists.  Oh and I would be remiss if I didn't mention. NO LEGROOM on the plane.  If you want to pay an additional $25 you can get an exit row.
1	I didn't even think to read reviews on this airline and all ready regret it just by doing the online checkin!  The lowest fare on Orbitz has become a bad choice and higher than my usual options with a $45 carry on bag charge...$45 are you effing kidding me??? Then I had to pay $5 for the actual seat!!! This is my first and last flight.  Unbelievable is all I can say.  Avoid this airline!!!!
1	There customer service sucks and their prices are not cheap once you include baggage fees.  I will never fly with them again.
1	Ok I will start by saying I still use this airline because I can't afford not to use them.  I'm an MD Anderson patient that usually flys to Houston from Las Vegas weekly for treatment.  I have missed treatments because of being 4 hours late.  It wouldn't be so bad if they didn't always have a reason to blame it on something or someone other than themselves.  Sometimes the staff is great and other times they are like drill instructors.  One time we were on the tar Mac for 3 hours waiting for a gate.  Another time in the airport waiting for a crew for 7 hours.  The customer service is non existent.
1	The worst airline in the USA.  I'm trying to figure out how many shares would have to be short sold to put this dead cow out of its misery.  Trying to get to a funeral near Houston.  Had tickets to Houston the flight was cancelled last minute so they flew me to Dallas.  Only a four hour drive.  The Suka at the ticket counter had the balls to argue with my wife about wether the airline had competent people working there.  Wow, just when I think Obama is the worlds biggest idiot.  I meet Angela at the Vegas Spirit airlines gate B25.
1	Spirit is by far the worst airline I have ever traveled on. Considering I've flown with over thirty different airlines, that's not a good sign. I realize they advertise as an ultra - low cost carrier, but I've flown with other carriers that advertise the same idea and I've had far better service. I think what really bothers me is Spirit is constantly 1 hr to 2 hrs late. Also, they are very unorganized and the customer service representatives at the desk like to take their sweet a** time. Never again, Spirit. Never again.
5	Spirit is honestly a great airline for the amount of money you end up saving. I read their "Optional Fee" section on their website so I would avoid spending any unnecessary fees. Sprit does allow you to fly with a free personal item as long as it fits the following dimensions: 16"x14"x12". I was able to find a small weekend bag that fit the dimensions. The bag is actually really spacious and I was able to fit more than enough for the weekend trip. The flights were on time and were really smooth. I'm 6' 2" and the seats provided ample space for me. There wasn't any inflight entertainment, but then again I wasn't expecting any. Overall, it was a really pleasant experience. I saved a couple hundred dollars using this airline. Two thumbs up!
1	3 out 4 delays in 6 month period that's unacceptable . We are gonna find a different airline
1	If I can choose the no star I'll do The serves garbageDon't flight by this  airline Please save your moneyI know you will spend extra money but you be happy with different airline Fuck spirit airline
1	How is this airline still in business with these rating? I was just delayed 2 hours to learn my flight was cancelled (along with another) they made everyone go back to the entry ticket counter where there is 1 ticket agent to help 100's of people rebook flights. This will take hours. Meanwhile NO ONE is sympathetic and employees are arguing with each other in front of the passengers. I gave this airline a try even though I am an MVP on another airline. The return time was better. I would almost be home if I stuck to my original flight. It's not cheaper if you have luggage, they aren't friendly and from what I am hearing in this line, this isn't unusual. I would suggest avoiding them. Pay for quality.
1	Wish I could do NEGATIVE STARS! They don't deserve the one I'm required to give. To start, customer service: the staff that works for this airline is the most un professional, rude, lazy group of Personell I've ever had the misfortune of dealing with. Literally DMV deserves more stars. They insist you do everything on the self served terminal, which is fine. But if you dare ask a question, not one single person is even SLIGHTLY willing to help and they treat you like the trash airline they work for. Prices: although you may think the base price you're paying is a steal, don't be fooled. Everything within this company has a fee. Carry on bags, unless the size of a purse; has a 50.00 fee (however this fee changes between locations, so it goes up in excess of 100$$) Want to guarantee you sit next to the person in your reservation? Another fee. Sodas; a fee. Comfort: everything is DIRTY. Most seats are broke. Especially arm rests. No seats recline. Basically, I would pay double to avoid flying this airline ever again. And this review is not based upon one occurrence. But multiple.
1	Worst Airline ever!!!!! I joined their $9 fare club in error in which they charged me $59.95. I cancelled my membership as soon as I realized that my credit card had been charged. NOT only would Spirit Airlines refund my $59.95 but they refused to reinstate my membership and then to ad insult to injury, they recommended that I pay another $59.95. This is bad business as people have a right to change their minds. I will never fly this airline and word of mouth speaks volumes!!!!!
4	I usually almost always fly on American Airlines, but they pissed me off when I tried to schedule a quick trip to Las Vegas from Los Angeles. I checked on flights with other Airlines and found Spirit. Never heard of them. I took a chance and bought the ticket. I'm a super snobby flyer and only fly business/1st class if the flight is over 2 hours, but this was short so I booked the ticket.They have some seats called "The Big Seats" and for $30 I could upgrade, so I did. The seats are actually the size of business class seats on American. Very cool. You need to print your boarding pass at home or they charge you at the airport to see an agent. No problem. Wish they had an Android App like some other carries so there is no paper involved. Their website is easy to navigate as well.They sell beverages and snacks on board which I didn't buy, but at least they are there.Every person I spoke with who worked for the airline was very friendly and efficient. The flight attendant on my return flight, even took my large purse and put it over head for me - she even offered to get it down should I need anything from it during the flight. Wow, awesome. Never had that on American Airlines where I pay a fortune more than this flight.Anyway, having heard horror stories about Spirit, I was skeptical, but for a no frills airline I survived and was actually pleasantly surprised.
1	If I can give no stars for this airline company I would. My mother tried to reschedule a flight for her and my father to return to Los Angeles on a red eye. The reason for the rescheduling was due to doctors orders for my fathers discharge extension from ICU at spring valley hospital. After explaining the situation and even attempting to give them a written statement from the doctor this airline company refused to reschedule flight date and give a refund. I hope this company shuts down. Bad pr, bad service, bad policy. Better of flying jet blue or any other airlines if you ask me. In saying that spirit airlines will probably be the most inexpensive, but you get what you pay for.
1	If there was -0 stars I would gladly give them..Terrible terrible terrible service!!!!!!!!!! My dad was admitted to the hospital due to emergency complications, and the company would not refund or exchange flight dates!! Please do yourself a favor, and choose another airline. Do not do business with them!!!
5	I really enjoyed my experience with this airline.  The staff was friendly and efficient, and the flights were on time,  I was surprised to read all the negative reviews.  This "ultra low cost airline" does what it is designed to do,  flies you from point "A" to point "B".  I purchased tickets from Denver to LAX for $112.00 round trip, the next lowest fare was $297.00, the savings was well worth going without a beverage and bag of peanuts.  Now they do charge for carry on bags and it's expensive, $39.00 each way.  You are allowed to take a back pack, make sure you measure before your leave, because they do at the airport, it must fit under your seat.  Charging for carry on bags has it's advantages, since it costs money, most people elect for the back pack, so it is much faster on and off the plane because no one is struggling with their too big carry on bags in the over head compartments.  One tip, when you check in online it gives you  options of choosing your seats ahead of time, for a fee, skip it.  The check in instructions state that your seat will be assigned when you arrive at the airport.  When I skipped that step and checked in online, the boarding pass had went ahead and assigned my seat number on the ticket.I will definitely fly this airline again.
1	This is the worst airline I have ever travelled! Such rip off artists!! Not only do they find every opportunity to gouge you in price, but they are also over booked, delayed and vulturistic (yes, I'm so angry I made up a word) in their practices.  Upon check in, I was gouged $10 bc they don't have clear signage that states that check in is a TWO STEP PROCESS WHERE YOU MUST FIRST GO TO THE KISOK. You actually don't see the $10 indication until you are right in front of the teller. Then! It's too late, because you've already stood in line 40mins and are running late for your flight. Next, you discover that it will cost you $50 for a bag, whether you check it or carry it on with you! Since you must pay for everything that is not a purse or a laptop. When questioning these fees, you'll love the scathing yet lethargic response you get from the Spirit staff (however, I'm sure that they're so used to it that they just blank everyone out). Finally, the best part? Is a hr long delay for "scheduled maintenance" - please tell me, if it was scheduled, why do we need a delay? And yet, we're still not going anywhere. As I submit this review, we have another 45 minute delay to cool off the plane. And, the one that made the announcement? He sounded as if this could end up being a longer delay. I may never make it back to Chicago & that poor kid making the announcements may end up hung by his toenails in the bathroom by an angry mob. Spirit? You Suck.
1	No leg room But cheap ticket so I shouldn't complain about that.  The amount that we paid for the bags was rediculos... so the amount I paid for my bads I could have gone with a  lot expensive air line and been more comfortable. They charge 125 to change your flight... other airlines have charge me the difference in price. The staff was really rude, not to me but to other people.  Overall not happy.
1	Id honestly give them zero stats if that were an option! From the minute we checked in for our flight we had nothing but issues... Over charging us for bags we had already paid for online, rude counter help and horrible plane conditions... At both take off and landing our plane made horrific sounds both flights. The entire plane was both scared And curious as to what the sounds were... The seats were uncomfortable and at 6ft tall and a very muscular 225 my husband barely fit in the seat... I can't imagine what a larger person would do... To top it off, they lost our bags that they double charged me for and  sitting at home now waiting for a call that they've been recovered... They mentioned that they may have ended up in Orlando... Weird since we flew on a non stop flight from Chicago to vegas! Thanks for at least being consistent spirit airlines!
4	I had to go to los Angeles from las Vegas I was a bit skeptical about the reviews I had seen on here but I didn't have any problems with my travels..yes I would use this airline again for short flights
1	If I could give them -5, I would definitely do that!Spirit air send me a email to join the 9$ club member (which they didn't Mentioned is cost $59.95) and get 2bag cheeked for $40, Innocence I take the offer without thinking to much coz my flight was couple hours before,At next day I sow that I been charge $111.95 At that moment I called them, first thing representative tells me THERE IS NO REFUND!! This company let u Singh on so manny online agreement the u even not see what u Singh for, they have me join to their member club $59.95 and they charge me $52.00 for bags so I end up paying $111.95. (more then the air ticket), with the worst airplane and air services I ever had!Do yourself a favor and pay a little more for much batter airlines!!
1	Wasn't clear when booking through orbits that "carry on was smaller than normal so you end up getting charged $100-$200 dollars more if you're bringing a carry on. It was $209 for the plane ticket and $150 for the carry on.  Bringing my flight from Los Angeles to Las Vegas to $359. I could have gone across the country for that price. Not too big of a deal except I was paying for two.  I could have flown for $230 southwest and had free snacks, and a free carry on.  I wish it would have been more clear that there is no "free carry on"  just a free "free small personal item"  Which they call a "free carry on personal item" when buying the ticket.  The main problem was in the Vegas terminal they trick you by showing you a free box, that is almost the size of a regular carry on.    So you think oh cool maybe I don't have to pay $50 for this thing.  Then at the gate they're like nope doesn't fit so it's now $100 literally 25 minutes later.  Wow you got me Spirit.  Times that by two cause my GF was flying with me and I just got had for $100 bucks.  Pretty funny right? About 7 other people also made the same mistake.  When asked if they could just pay the $50 instead of the $100 because they were just offered the $50 dollar "deal" 20 minutes prior at the check in, as was I.  They were like "nope you can ditch your bags, buy a smaller bag and stuff all your belongings in them and hope it fits into the "free carry on box, or pay the $100 fee."  Those were the hard and fast choices provided to a bunch of very unhappy people.When the plane closed it's door and everyone was seated and the announcer said "Welcome to Spirt Airlines."  It was literally met with a crowd of boos.  That is not an exaggeration. I of course chimed in.All that being said had I not had a carry on, I wouldn't have minded the flight.  There was actually nothing wrong with service, the people are actually happier on this airline than on others for some odd reason.  Probably because they don't have to work as hard, because they aren't handing out free drinks all day.  Just a quick walk down the isle to see who's buying - On this flight maybe 5 takers. There was a definite hostility lingering in the air from people feeling raped by extortionist tactics, but if you can get past that, then the one hour flight to LA from Vegas was relatively painless.Another note the flight there to Vegas from LA, where I paid at the check in for the bags and later thought that I didn't need to because they didn't seem to check for my receipt for the baggage payment, then was humbled in Vegas for my stupidity - Well on that flight we waited an hour on the tarmac for the flight to take off because of "Weather to the east between LA and Vegas."  When we finally got cleared for take off via a route around the "weather" (in August in California there is no "weather", and the weather satellite agreed on my Iphone - no weather) Spirit doesn't put enough gas in for longer route to Vegas so we had to, after waiting an hour, go back to the gate to refuel, this caused 8 people on the flight to miss a connection to Chicago.Don't ever think they aren't checking if you paid your carry on fee. They absolutely do check. They had a code that says Zone 1 when you pay for a carry on.  They tell you this when you don't pay. It's not very obvious when you do. You kinda think hey maybe they don't check because it's so ridiculous to ask $100 for a carry on that the employees let it slide.  I really think this is on purpose to make you think you were crazy for paying $50 for a carry on for a one hour flight, then try not doing it and get caught for the $100 at the gate carry on fee.  So funny but so not at the same time.  Here's the sad part.  Spirt Airlines is one of the most profitable airlines in the world today. Since the 2011 IPO  the stock price is up over 400%.  It seems this may be the future model of air travel. Spirit Airlines was offering something like 15000 real miles of air travel for signing up for their Master Card on the flight back. The deal seemed too good to be true. If they are very profitable, then all I could think about this offer was how they could make a profit on all the "free travel."  Then I realized I was offered a "free carry on personal item: when I bought my ticket."  They play with words when they do their sales and promotion and it's designed to make you lose money and blame yourself because you didn't read the small print.  It's a hostile form of customer relations. And is the source of their title of "Worst."
2	I cannot in good conscience give this airline more than 2 stars. I've experienced worse, but not by much. The main reason for this review is to warn potential customers of the $100 carry on bag fee (that's EVERY carry on, including your FIRST bag). Apparently, this epically audacious policy is listed on their website & boarding passes, and you'll only pay $30 a bag if you pay before check in, but you'll never know until it's too late if you booked your flight with a third party. I rechecked my Orbitz info & also checked Travelocity & Hotwire. Nothing about this policy.My suggestion & certainly my personal solution to this problem is to avoid Spirit Airlines altogether. I've already given them too much of my money...the flight attendants were quite pleasent though, which is the only reason for the second star. Buyer beware.
1	Lost my bag but still charges me to carry it. When it arrived half empty no one would pick up the phone. On the return, would not let me check in ourselves or the bag online !! Eventually turned out more expensive than other airlines.
3	Okay for short flights - horrible for longer ones. Definitely a budget airline and you really have to weigh the benefits of lower cost. I'm all about budget travel but at some point budget travel becomes more of a hassle than it's worth and eventually spirit is going to start losing business unless they get their act together. I've flown Spirit several times for short flights but I will never again fly them for longer ones. My simple 6-7 hour travel day turned into 15 hours of frustration, for just a hundred dollars or so less than a more efficient. When you start adding up the costs you're often coming in around the same as many other airlines. They charge for everything - seat, carry on, water, coffee, fuel...... If you travel light, short distances, and aren't picky you can save big bucks on their specials. Especially with their $9 fare club. If you travel frequently it's worth the $59 annual fee. They really do have $39 flights. Downsides-Customer service is not customer oriented or friendly. On the phone they're snappy, at the counter they're rude. Seats don't recline. Seat space is extremely small They charge for a single carry. (Make sure you pay before hand because it jumps to $100 if they have to check it at the gate)gate is often the furthest walk from securityThey only have one or two gates for all flights so there is very minimal seating area for those waiting. They don't have flight boards in some cities, once you get off the plane you don't know where to catch the next flight. There is no staff anywhere in sight to let you know what's going on. Longer flights with layovers are often delayed by several hours, in my experiences anyway. They're not set up to add things like a TSA precheck number to your ticketBy the time you actually arrive you're just glad the plane didn't crash on the way.
1	STAY FAR, FAR, FAR AWAY FROM SPIRIT AIRLINES. Our sons sent my husband and I on a surprise trip to NYC. They purchased the tickets and made all plans for the trip on our behalf. We boarded in Las Vegas with one small carryon bag between us. Our boarding pass showed that our ticket included one checked bag. No big deal if we carry it ourselves, right? Less work for them, right? We boarded our flight, with our carryon, headed for Detroit. Switched planes in Detroit, again with our carryon, headed to New York. No worries. Well, this discount airline PACKS the plane, seats do not recline at all, the flight attendants were actually fine, but they really don't need to do much for you in flight. Their inflight food and beverage service consists of pringles, m&m's, combo pretzel snacks and the always gourmet choice of cup o noodles, along with the usual beverages, payable by credit card only. OK, no big deal, just get us there. So on our way home, we're sitting at the gate in NY, waiting to board. When we approach the gangway we are stopped.  " oh, you have a carryon bag, you have to pay $100 to carry that bag onto the plane". Huh, what, why???? We just traveled on your airline a few days ago and were never asked to pay anything for the priveledge of carrying our own luggage. "It says so on our website, it doesn't matter that your boarding pass clearly states that your ticket includes 1 checked bag". Ummmm, excuse me, why didn't someone mention this to us 20 minutes ago at the ticket counter?? Well, apparently, if they had mentioned it to us at the ticket counter, the fee would have been $50. So we were forced to pay $100, CASH,  at the gate as the plane was leaving. We had a connecting flight in Florida, guess what????? The baggage Nazi's got us for another $100 there. Their fares are cheap for a reason. They make up for it where you have no choice to either pay, right there on the spot, or throw your suitcase in the dumpster and lose your possessions. What if we didnt have $200 at our disposal? Also, they recently          changed their customer service number to better serve their customers. There is NO possible way to speak to a person. If one of the five options offered by their automated system do not apply to your issue, you are asked to kindly hang up. They suck!!!! Never again will we or anyone we know ever use this sorry excuse for an airline. Spend a little more up front, you'll still get a better deal in the long run. Shame on you Spirit Airlines!!!
1	They do not earn one star. I highly DO NOT recommend this airline. First of all they charge fees for EVERYTHING like fees for carry on luggage and even check in luggages, fees to pick your seat and fees if you check in at the airport if you do not check in online. The seats do not recline. It was such an uncomfortable flight. Since the seats don't recline I have noticed forehead grease on the chairs from people leaning forward to rest their head on the seat in front of them. Its also dirty on the seats. They claim to be the cheapest but really they aren't.
4	- If you choose not to read the incredibly obvious fine print which they explain their additional fees several times on their website when you check in, only to go on Yelp and cry how what an injustice their "hidden fees" are, then fly Southwest. - If you absolutely need to bring 50+ pounds of luggage on a weekend trip to/from Vegas, then fly Southwest. - If you desire a "free" beverage and peanuts on your flight, then fly Southwest. - If you cannot stop checking your Facebook / Twitter / etc. for a few hours, then fly Southwest (or one of the many other carriers which have WiFi installed) If you bring nothing more than a backpack to your destination, don't need a beverage / peanuts on your flight, and are looking for a low fare with lots of non-stop service from KLAS, then Spirit is the airline for you. The best kept secret about this airline are their Big Front Seats, which range from $15 to about $65-75 depending on the longevity of the flight. After factoring in the BFS to the price, the fare rivals Delta and kills Southwest in terms of low costs.There is one hidden fee about Spirit that most don't know about, which is a $30-35 service charge for booking online (called "Passenger Usage Fee" in the flight's price). That can be avoided by going to McCarran and booking over the counter. Had to give them only 4-stars because of their on-time performance, which is among the worst in the industry. Many late night flights / red eyes are delayed as their planes make their way East/West during the day.
1	Flying on this airline is frustrating. If you are planning on flying Spirit be aware of why the ticket is so "cheap."They charge a ridiculous amount for a check in bag and a carry on bag. Wen other airlines  carry ons are free.The thing that frustrated me the most is the weight limit for the check in bag is 40lb. When the way most suitcases are set up if you pack it full it weighs 50lb. Also 50lb is the limit for all other airlines. So we get there and the weigh our bag and it is 50lbs. So we are forced to open our suitcase up in front of everyone and start taking out clothes. Which makes no sense because one way or another these clothes are going to be on the airplane. So awkwardly we both have a handful of clothes as walking around the airport.When we got on the plane the plane was dirty and there was absolutely zero leg room when sitting down. I had to pay an extra fee when checking in just so I could sit next to my boyfriend. Thank goodness we were only flying from San Diego to Las Vegas. Do not fly on this airlift if you are going to be on the plane for more than an hour or two.
1	i travel between Las Vegas and Denver 3 or 4 times a year.  Usually I fly Southwest or Frontier, but after finding an unbeatable rate, I decided to give spirit a try.  BIG mistake.  Even compared to the other "budget" airlines, Spirit was a cramped cabin.  Their hidden fees made my trip almost twice as expensive as it would have been if I'd just flown Southwest, their flight attendants were rude, and it was just a horrible experience.  They think they are cleaver by charging $70 per ticket, and then hitting you with $100 fees for carry-ons at the gate, but their dishonest and unethical business practices have guaranteed that they will never see another dime of my money.
2	I normally don't give poor ratings, but this airline is ridiculous. Before I mention all the negatives, there are some positives. I've seen reviews on this airline "having no leg room" and I could tell you that's pretty ludicrous. You have some leg room. Not as much as you would want, but you still have leg room. I think that's the only semi positive thing about the airline. I did have priority seating but I'm pretty sure it was because I paid for my two carry ons to combat that, I have no idea. 3 out of 4 flights of mine were delayed. I usually have patience, but it was just terrible. If you're in a mood for snacking, you have to pay for beverages and the snacks. Overall, I'm not entirely disappointed with the airline, but it was a decent first and last time experience.
1	Big mistake to fly with them. Like a lot of people I tend to book the cheapest flights I find but with their hidden fees I ended up paying a lot more. I learned a valuable l lesson to not automatically select the cheapest option. I had a normal size carry on and when I went to board was told I had to pay $100 to carry It on. $100 for a normal size carry on! To be clear I wasn't being told I had to check it or that there wasn't room. I was just being charged $100 to carry on my one standard size carry on bag that I've carried on countless flights before. I had no other items. I was told when I checked in that I didn't need to check it. Then as I tried to board this was sprung on me. I'm used to increasingly excessive fees for checking baggage etc. But this has left me feeling like I've been robbed and lied to. Sort of how you would feel if you were taken by a con artist.
1	Flying on this airline is frustrating. If you are planning on flying Spirit be aware of why the ticket is so "cheap."They charge a ridiculous amount for a check in bag and a carry on bag. Wen other airlines  carry ons are free.The thing that frustrated me the most is the weight limit for the check in bag is 40lb. When the way most suitcases are set up if you pack it full it weighs 50lb. Also 50lb is the limit for all other airlines. So we get there and the weigh our bag and it is 50lbs. So we are forced to open our suitcase up in front of everyone and start taking out clothes. Which makes no sense because one way or another these clothes are going to be on the airplane. So awkwardly we both have a handful of clothes as walking around the airport.When we got on the plane the plane was dirty and there was absolutely zero leg room when sitting down. I had to pay an extra fee when checking in just so I could sit next to my boyfriend. Thank goodness we were only flying from San Diego to Las Vegas. Do not fly on this airlift if you are going to be on the plane for more than an hour or two.
1	I haven't even gotten on my flight yet, and I'm already exasperated. There are four of us traveling to a funeral.  This is an already stressful situation, to be compounded by more stress from this airline.  I did not book this flight, another member of the family did and it was done over the phone.  Not at any time during this one hour conversation did they tell her about the size of the bag, or any of the bag expense or limitation.  Not only that, she was never informed about an additional expense just to sit with the people you are flying with ($5.00 per person per flight) or checking in at the airport would be $10.00 per person per flight.  Luckily I got online to get the boarding passes, and found all this information out.  What a nightmare having to run around trying to find a bag that fits into their criteria for the "free personal size bag" to carry all your items in.  I will NEVER-I repeat-NEVER fly this airline again.  I was also told that the seats do not recline, and there is no leg room to make room for extra seats, so now we all get to be uncomfortable on a two hour flight.  And make sure you keep room in your bag for a water or soda or a snack because they charge an arm and a leg for that too on the flight.  With all the hidden fees, it is one of the most expensive and uncomfortable flights there are.  You are not saving any money flying this airline.
1	Just another frustrated traveler agreeing with all the other poor souls who have nothing good to say about this poor excuse for an airline.  I know they frequently run late so I check their website and they show flight 208 from Vegas to Dallas "on time".  Great, I head out, go through security and get to the gate.  Still showing "on time".  But I look at "Arrivals" and see flight 207 from Dallas as " one hour delay"???   I double check with gate agent, and sure enough, flight 207 is the plane I need to leave. I ask how can a departure be "on time" when the plane needed to take off is an hour late?  " oh, sorry, we'll change that right away" great, but what good does it do any of us who got to the airport trusting their reports?Bottom line, I am mad at myself!You get what you pay for and this poor excuse for a business could give a @?:(/$ about us, the customer. All Spirit wants is cash from travelers too broke to go with anyone else.I get it, and I am DONE !!   Lesson learned.  Thanks for the reminder.TL/dr.  They are terrible
1	Shitty Airline. Flight delayed over 2 hours. Still getting delayed more. Stuck drinking at the bar with fellow frustrated passengers. This sux. Here are their thoughts:Spirit is like the guy that's not into me. I've been waiting at the bar for three hours waiting for him to call but I still seem to be alone at the bar. Have some self respect and pay a little more for your ticket. Spirit you ruined my long weekend!!  A flight leaves almost 3 hours late??  I will never ever fly you again!!! Worst airline ever!!!!Final Thought: SPIRIT SUX. Sincerely,  You Just LOST 3 frequent fliers.
1	hands down the worst airline I have ever flown on. they have a sneaky fee policy for everything, and the customer service is horrendous. the customer is never right and if you argue too much they'll deny your boarding pass. I will never fly with them again!
1	First of all let me say you have the rudest customer service agents that I have ever dealt with, and I have experienced the worst customer service out of any company I have done business with.  I accidentally booked the wrong departure flight.  Booking Friday 1am, thinking that I was flying out Friday in the middle of the night.  I found out as I was leaving to the airport as I was checking in.  I called your service center and the lady informed me that my ENTIRE flight was canceled.  Even my returning flight.  I did not mind paying my flight there since it was my fault for misreading the date.  But to cancel my return flight was just not right.  Thank god the service agent at the airport was amazing and put me on the flight that I thought I was booking for an additional fee, and fixed that I got to keep my already paid for return flight home.   To add to the frustrating on the return flight, after having boarded and ready for take off, the flight attended instructed the entire plane to de-board since there was some hydraulic fluids leaking from the airplane.  After sitting at the airport awaiting for several hours we were finally put on a new plane.  Only to be hours late back home.  I've flown spirit several times before and really did not have a bad experience.  But after this one I will be sure to never book a flight with Spirit again.  There are many companies out there who deserve my hard earned money and appreciate their customers.  Spirit may be a low cost leader, but you do not have to be the lowest in customer service.
1	Worst airline ever.  Hidden charges galore.   Plane smells like vomit (someone obviously threw up in the airplane recently).  Excessive baggage charges. No courtesy beverage service. Gate service personnel rude.  I wish I could give 0 stars.
1	Definitely not even a 1 star rating but I have to put 1.  Spirit airlines suck!!! Got in exactly 45 mins before and the girl had the nerve to tell me planes already boarding. Which I know is bullshit. 45 mins is late check in time. WORSE SERVICE OVERALL. never flying with y'all again.
3	Before booking a flight, please read below.I have not flown yet but I booked this ticket last minute from Las Vegas to LAX.  Other airfares are running about 200 to 250 one way at this moment.  Spirit is $64 after tax but without any additional add ons and no baggage.  I'm allowed a free carry-on if it is the size of about a normal jansport backpack or regular sized laptop bag.Be aware that each baggage is about $36 bucks additional to airfare and if you do not pay for baggage online it will be about $100 at the airport.You have options to pick a seat for 5-12 dollars more but I was told by friends to not pick a seat and they will give you a random seat when you check in 24 hours before flight.I've read the reviews and I'm prepared for the worst.  I still went along and purchased the ticket because I'm only going back for a tattoo appointment for one day and riding back up with a friend.  I was told be prepared for your flight to be delayed because spirit will keep delaying your flight until the plane is full or close to it.  So I picked the latest flight hoping that it will get delayed no more than 2 hours.. possibly 3.  With the amount of money I'm saving, I'm willing to wait.If you forgot your password and decided to reset it, they will not send you an email for at least one hour because that's how long i waited before I called in.  The default password is 4Change and you will have 5 minutes to change your password.  My theory of why they do this is because if you check in at the airport it will cost you another 10 dollars.  If you do decide to call in, expect a phone call that sounds like you are driving under a bridge or in an elevator.I don't write reviews but thought this might help someone so there it is.
4	My husband and I flew Spirit Airlines from Minneapolis to Vegas on Sept 12, and back on the 16th.  Yes, the seats offer minimal leg room.  Yes, you pay for EVERYTHING.  However, look at the price you are paying to FLY to your destination vs what other airlines are charging.  I feel like the people complaining about paying for things have never left their home town.  You cannot honestly expect to pay $80 for an airline ticket and get all the same perks you would get if you were paying $300.  That's just ignorant, and no company would be able to make money that way.  They charge you to have a representative print off your boarding pass at the airport because they have to pay that representative to be there.  They charge you for your carry-on because it's more weight which means the plane is using more fuel.  Same reason they charge you more than other airlines for checked bags.I do understand being upset about a delay, but that happens with any airline.  I've been delayed with United, Delta and American Airlines.  This was the first time I flew Spirit, and we did not experience a delay.The pilots on both flights were wonderful, keeping us updated on local weather and landing times, and making corny jokes during those updates.  The flight attendants were also wonderful, keeping their composure when a large group of black men got too rowdy and were screaming profanities along with the N-word.  The flight attendants, although they were only two tiny women, let the men know that their behavior would not be tolerated and got them to calm down.Bottom line, you should ALWAYS do your research before buying anything, and airline tickets are no exception.  Research before you book so you know what to expect and you will have no problems.  If you are someone who will let a couple hour delay ruin your whole weekend.. well, maybe you shouldn't fly then.  Would definitely fly Spirit again.
1	DO NOT FLY SPIRIT AIRLINES!!I fly out of Las Vegas' McCarran Airport several times a year and I finally chose to fly Spirit Airlines due to their attractive prices.  McCarran services millions of guest each year and is a model of efficiency when it comes to the time it takes to check in to the time you reach your gate.  As always, I arrived for my flight 1 hour and 15 minutes prior to my flight's departure.  However, the agent at Spirit would not allow me to check in!  She informed me that since I had not arrived a full 2 hours prior to takeoff, she would not issue me a boarding ticket.  It was Wednesday night at 9pm and the airport was empty, however she told me that I would not make it to my gate in time for departure.  She actually said that the "doors were closed on the plane."  CLOSED!?  I fly a lot, and I have never seen doors at the gate open more than 45 minutes prior to take off, never mind close 1 hour prior to take-off! It would be one thing if they overbooked the flight, or even cancelled it due to low demand for that particular flight, but I was actually denied check-in.  The agent told me that she could put me on a flight the next day, however, she stated that she would have to charge me for the flight since their tickets are non-refundable!  Absolutely ridiculous since the flight I had tickets for was still sitting at the gate!I ended up gladly paying an additional $50 to fly Southwest and I suggest you all save your time and just pick another airline from the start!
1	Terrible airlines avoid if at all possible. Flight delayed an hour an the airport even the pilot didn't know why. The crew had the nerve to charge cash only for snacks and drinks- they should've at least offered a cup of water to all of us. Now we land and stuck on the runway for at least 20 minutes while we wait for a gate. Really? And I have to give 1 star to post they don't deserve even that
1	If I could give 0 stars, I would. Booked via Orbitz, so there was no option to pay for bags, which meant paying $50 for a CARRY-ON. Won't be using them again, ever, and will advise all my industry friends to avoid them, too.
1	The worst experience of my life. Hidden fees on everything. Flight delayed 5 hours and no refunds or other return flights offered. Don't ever take this airline. They are money grubbing and useless garbage. Trust me. Don't use this airline. You will be thankful that you didn't. Take southwest, at least you get free snacks out of it. I would put no star if it were possible.
1	Lots of Delays....waste of customer's time. Additional charge for carry on bags ($30-$50) additional charge for "roomy" seats ($5-$35). Additional charge ($10-$15) for boarding pass. Extremely crowded plane with no leg room. Airline advertises that their prices are the cheapest and that's why everything's additional,  while the price is still comparable to we'll known airlines (southwest). First time flying with Spirit Airlines, and I'll make sure it's the last time.
1	It all seemed so cheap, it all seemed so tempting on Expedia. Spirit airlines seemed like the low cost airline of the future. Yes, the baggage was additional, and I had to pay a hefty fine for them to print a boarding pass $15!!!), but it was still cheaper than alternatives. I write this lying on the floor of the Las Vegas airport, bodies strewn across the terminal like the climax of the battle of the Somme. Legs are bent at strange angles,  babies crying, the elderly snoring like as asthmatic hippos's. We all lie here hoping desperately that our delayed plane may wander into the airport within the next 6 years.. As a frequent flyer I have just seen my first passenger wrapped in a trash bag, waiting for our mysterious plane to appear, desperately hoarding warmth, knowing we could be here for New Year (it's sept 21st). The spirit airlines staff did their best to allay our fears, but due to their general lack of knowledge or customer service skills no information is forthcoming. They did however inform me my flight, or should I say 'alleged flight' is oversold.. So I guess I'm lucky to be here. I'm dreaming of the day we board so I can sit in my $15 dollar assigned seat and order a $10 diet coke.. I have nothing more to say, it's 2:21am and I'm going to peer through the window of the closed airport bar.
1	If I had the option to give Spirit 0 stars, I would. I am telling anyone I speak with about flights not to use their services. On both of our departing and returning flights, we were delayed for two hours for no apparent reason. (No inclement weather needs.) ALL of the Spirit flights before/after us when we were departing and returning were the same way. They advertise low airfare rates, but nickel and dime you on everything they can, including carry-on luggage. They also have lower weight limits by 10 lbs than other airlines for checked baggage. I knew to expect seats that did not recline and no free drinks but the rest was utterly ridiculous. We should have paid the extra $50 for another airline because we ended up paying that and more for this airline.
1	I am stuck in Las Vegas! What's up Spirit Airlines!?? Not only was my experience one of the worst customer service experiences of my life, but I also will be stuck with no where to go until tomorrow morning (over 14 hours) at no fault of my own. I was scheduled on a flight from San Diego to Las Vegas today, that was delayed. (I understand that happens) but I asked the gate agent if there would be problems with my next flight. He literally told me "no, but make sure you run" (meaning to my next gate) Well lo and behold, I arrive, and my connecting flight was gone.  They offer a flight tomorrow, no hotel, no help with getting a flight sooner from another airline, nothing. And that's "the best she can do" - Ms. Avalos, in Las Vegas. When they are the ones that put me on the flight in the first place... Knowing my connecting flight would depart before we landed. I'm in shock that you can leave someone without anything when it is your mistake. To make it worse, there is no one else for me to speak to?! Who do I contact to resolve this situation? -one seriously disappointed customer.
1	The WORST airline, they advertise low prices but they'll get on your luggage, a standard carry on item they will charge $50 one way and if you didn't check in luggage at check in desk they will charge $100 at the entrance of the airplane, what a rip off and airplanes are trashy !
4	We always buy our tickets at the counter in the airport prior to our trip as it saves $17-18.Check in online or at a kiosk in the airport, if you check in at the counter they charge you $10.Make your "personal item" be your only bag (read online for the dimensions)- this will NOT be considered your "carry on," therefore it will be FREE.  We use compression bags and I had no difficulty packing for a 7 day trip with only my "personal item" sized bag.  You WILL pay for any other bags you bring on. If you do choose to bring a "carry on" sized bag or check a bag, pay for it upfront online, you'll get nailed with greater fees at the check-in counter.  The leg room is comparable to any airline and their seats do not recline.  Unless, you pay for a large front seat (usually in the first 3 rows).  Also, rows 4-7 have more leg room.  I've been super lucky with them lately and randomly getting assigned to those larger seats!You have to pay for drinks and snacks and they do not accept cash.  Remember, you are paying for the Greyhound of the skies...don't fly them expecting Delta!  You wouldn't walk into McDonalds expecting filet mignon :)Overall, I've had 14 trips on Spirit and have never had a poor experience.  I've had only 1-2 delayed flights and nothing more than 60 minutes.  Spirit is my go to airline.
1	Plan on at least a 1 hour delay.  Pretty miserable seating, poor setvice.  If you speak English you're the only passenger that does.
1	Worst experience of my life. No carry on cost you 40 $$. Check on 40$$ max 40 lb. Most airlines 50. No peanuts no water . No recline on seat. Basically a joke . Don't do it !!!! Fly southwest much better.
2	You think it's cheap right off the bat but then you start realizing all the hidden fees. After all the fees, it ended up being more than it would have been to take Southwest. Suggestion: If you can sit or sleep anywhere, go for it. If you want to get cozy with your neighbor, this is your chance. The seats DO NOT recline. If you can handle those, fly spirit! However, I always tell my friends this is a just fine airline but not if the trip is over 2.5 hours away. The shorter the flight, the more manageable it is to sit on the plane.
4	I read through all these reviews and I find one common denominator -- uneducated travelers. You're ticked off because you didn't know that you had to pay extra for your bags, only to get to the airport and have to pay $50 or something for your carryon. Do you not read? Everything is laid out there for you. The reality is that they are cheap. Cheap. Cheap. If you plan on bringing 2 bags and a carryon with you, fly southwest. If you can get by with a personal item, or even one checked bag, you're getting ahead. Let me tell you about my recent experience. I flew from PHL to Myrtle Beach with my husband and son (lap infant). We paid $140 for two tickets and purchased one checked bag. We were able to bring the following (for FREE): a diaper bag, a personal item each, a stroller, and a car seat. The gate agents at both Philadelphia and Myrtle Beach were super sweet, even gave my son a sticker. On both flights, we got on the plane and were seated together and had an additional seat between us both ways (so my son had his own seat). And the flight attendants were hilarious. Great experience. I have flown with Spirit probably 10 times and each time I find a good experience. The people that don't are the ones that don't pay attention and pay all of the extra fees. That's your own fault. I am currently pricing flights to Vegas. I can buy a sale fare that works out to $50 roundtrip from PHL. $50 people. So what if I have to pay for a soda and a carryon.
1	My family and I flew with Spirit Airlines for the first time last month.  Sure the price was super cheap for a roundtrip ticket from Las Vegas to San Diego, but the experience was not accommodating.  You still have to pay a fee for not only your check-in luggage, but your carry-on as well.  Our flight ended up being 3+ hours delayed, and there were no apologies from the gate agents, flight attendants, nor pilot.
1	Would not even dignify with a star...except for my need to review.  Dishonest piece of crap airline...pay extra price for any other flight...avoid spirit like the plague!
1	This was not a pleasant journey even though short (from La-Vegas)!The stuff was rude and in a bad mood,uncomfortable seats that u can't pull back,it was freezing in the plain and they don't have any blankets!Overall it was very uncomfortable and unpleasant to fly with them!The service is provide is not wworth even one star!Sorry guys at Spirit airlines but u seriously should get some spirit ;))
1	I've been a customer of Spirit for a couple years now, but my last experience with the gate attendants at the Las Vegas airport convinced me that I'll never give them my money again. Usually I've been very happy with them since they got me from point A to point B, and I was savvy enough to not fall for their add-ons. I usually take Spirit Airlines on short weekend trips that don't require much packing.I've been carrying around a little roll-on suitcase that has passed for a personal item for years. In fact, it fits perfectly in the metal baggage measuring thing. But this time, the lady collecting my ticket immediately said my bag was too big. I put my suitcase inside that thing to show them that it fits... but oh wait... it's a smidgeon (literally half an inch or less) ABOVE the metal bar and therefore I have to either pay $100 to carry it on or take it to the kiosk downstairs for $50. The lady was RUDE, unsympathetic and dismissive. I tried telling her that I came on the plane with the same luggage for years and that Spirit has always let me pass it for a personal item. She just replied, "There is no free baggage. Is your choice. Doors close in 10 minutes". When boarding on a plane, apparently a woman's seat has been moved up to 3C. The gate attendant stormed in and said in a very rude tone, "MA'AM your seat has been moved up to 3C." The lady was already dozing off and didn't reply. "MA'AM. MA'AM. YOUR SEAT HAS BEEN MOVED TO 3C" like a billion times. "You need to get up and move to 3C". Luckily, one of the passengers quickly jumped on that opportunity and offered to sit in that seat instead. Not only that, this ride home was particularly uncomfortable. Sitting up at 90 degrees with no recline was the most uncomfortable thing ever. I think they really packed in those seats over time. Don't encourage this company with your business! They know we like the cheap prices and that they can get away with being extremely rude.
3	It is what it is. A budget airline that nickles and dimes the f*** out of you. No complimentary water or snacks, you have to pay to pick a seat, no wifi, no blankets and pillows, nothing more than a backpack or you have to pay $50!!! I hate with a passion when I don't plan ahead and have to fly this airline. However, the flights are on time and it gets you inexpensively from point A to point B.
1	This is the worse airline that i have ever been on in my life...like dam all the extra charges and rhe 3 hour delay flight. All they know is control tower held up everything...aaaaaaa naw....i mean dam no discount no free food nothing to nake up me being in a airport waiting station. I just want to go home. I would give it half a star or a quarter of a star just for all the bullshit.
3	Lots of improvment I am very surprised and pleased. The service and the attitude of the staff is much better. A big round of applause for spirit. Well done!I have had plenty of bad experiences here. The reason we decided to use spirit again is because of the price.  I was ready for the worse.  But nope they proved me wrong everything went excellent.  1. Your checked bag needs to weigh 40 lbs or less if not then they charge they charge you a $50 overweight fee.  Our bag weighed 45 lbs and miraculously the lady said I'll let you pass make sure the next time you have it at 40 lbs and she smiled wow we were shocked. 2. They did not make a big deal or bother us with our bare fare bag.  I remember they world try to charge us for a little camera bag that i had and they charged me as a carry-on. Not this time.  3. The service was great no attitude from the employees or anything the reason I say that is because spirit airlines staff is known for having the worst employees ever with bad attitudes. They still charge for food service on the plane but this round trip with spirit was amazing. I hope they don't change the service and remain consistent.  Because if so there will be more people using spirit.
1	Worst airline of all time. $47 seat each way.  $12 for seat a assignment,  and... $100 to use the overhead bin for a very small luggage, each way. $30 ok. $100 to use the overhead bin.  I should have just bought all new clothes when I got off plane instead of bringing anything. Not a smile either from the girl at the desk just a chuckle, she enjoyed it. Never again. Don't be fooled. U will pay more on this airline than all others. They just get u later when you're trapped at the gate.
5	I booked my fly and hotel on Priceline.com.After I paid, my wife showed me all negative reviews that other travelers wrote about the spirit airlines. Most of them complaining about carryon bags that has been charged $50 to$100 right at gate.I look at their website and took the megerment that they allowed in as carryon without extra fees. Took one of my kid'd gym bag and it was perfect. I saw at least 40% of passengers had to pay extra for their carryons .One word for them READ people !!! .
1	WORST AIRLINE I HAVE EVER FLOWN. DO NOT FLY WITH THEM. Flying there, I was greeted with a choice of $50 to carry on my luggage or $45 to check it. I brought one luggage to check and two carry ons with my fiance. We thought we would be saving money by each having a carry on instead of another checked bag, but this was not the case! It cost us $95 to check one bag and for the other carry on! A small roller that I have used on other airlines that fits in the carry on box. Nope, not here, $50 for it. Staff did not give a flying S and were extremely rude and condescending. I was then charged $16 to sit next to my fiance instead of taking random seats. Whoever heard of such an absurd charge!? These people are thieves and they will charge you for anything and everything. At the gate to board the plane, they saw the charge on my fiance's ticket that showed he payed for the bag and he had boarding for zone 1. But since I did not pay for a bag, I had boarding zone 4. They started giving me a hard time about boarding with my fiance! After explaining, I just took my ticket and walked on the plane. They were so rude. On the way back, we payed online and saved a whopping $10! $85 instead of $95! Horrible. Almost $200 in baggage fees round trip. Oh and did I mention the weight limit is 40 pounds, not the standard 50 pounds? Yes, they are 40! Coming back, our checked bag was 44 so the lovely lady told us to remove 2 pounds to get it to 42 and that would be ok. So we took stuff out, weighed it and it was 40.5/41 bouncing back and forth. She asked what it was and I replied it is going back and forth between 40.5/41. You said you would take 42 so it's fine. She then retorted back very rudely, well I didn't have to do that for you! I was just being nice! I don't have to do this for you! I said, Woah! What did I do to you? I was just repeating what you said. She then replied, nothing! Then yelled Next! To the next person in line. Awesome costumer service.These people are horrible thieves. Do not give them your business. I know I won't ever give them a cent the rest of my life! Never again.
1	Worst airlines in the world. If I could give them negative million stars thats what they would get. DONT FLY THIS AIRLINES
2	You guys are probably the worst airline I have ever experience. I went through Spirit Airlines a couple of times. The first time, I was heading out to Vegas to visit my parents. At first, I thought, 'hey, cheap airline, can't complain'. (Keep in mind, this is my first flight). My first experience was pretty intense, not gonna lie. I was hungover the night before, almost missed my flight, but luckily the pilot was nice enough to wait for me to board. The ride was kind of rocky, but that was due to turbulence so you cant really control the air on a windy day. Overall experience; 7/10.  My second flight with Spirit was amazing. I was flying from San Diego to Vegas, again. Everyone in the plane was extremely nice, the flight attendants were super cool, and everyone who board that week was in a good mood. The plane ride was smooth. I had window seat so the view was absolutely beautiful. Overall experience; 10/10. My most recent flight was Thurs (11/20-23). Las Vegas to San Diego. Oh, dear lord. I've had a couple of friends ask me how your airlines work, and how i'm able to be a satisfied customer flying with you guys. Of course, as a regular, I took offense and backed up Spirit by giving out positive feedbacks. Yes, the fares are low, and they charge for second carry-on or check-in bags. But, it gets you from where you want to be under $200, instead of $400 last minute. A close friend of mine noticed on some online reviews, some guest were told their flight got delayed and were told to come back in two hours, but later finding out their flight left them within that period of waiting to be boarded. I thought to myself that has never happened to me, and you can also purchase a Emergency Notification Text in case a situation were to happen like that. Well. Let me tell you. Thursday, I had purchase that stupid Notification Text/ Message just in case my flight were to change. i was running pretty late, not so late where I missed my flight but my schedule was behind so I knew by the time I got there my flight was boarding. I check-in with front agents, and print my ticket with them as well. The lady looks at my ticket, and tells me my flight is boarding I need to get there ASAP. I kindly take the ticket from her hand and see "12:48 PM" Boarding Time. I rush to the gates letting the security know my flights about to take off. The let me cut-in line, after TSA, I book my way towards B25. I probably ran half a mile under 1 minute with carry-on bag on me. Once i got to the gate, the TV screen says, "1:37 OAKLAND". At that moment, I felt like my flight left me. I got mad at myself knowing it was my fault for running late, and not being at the airport at the appropriate time. I went to go talk to the Spirit Customer Service, asked the lady for help, and she looks up, and gives me a stare. Like, okay, as if your jobs that hard. I asked her a simple question if Vegas to San Diego left. She gives me a stare like I was the last one to know, with her bitchy attitude her response, "Your flight got pushed back two hours ago, *smirk face, hands back ticket* Something happened Baltimore", I tell her that my parents always, always purchase that stupid $14 bulshit just in case something happens, lady tells me there's no such thing, show her my itinerary. The reaction on her face was absolutely priceless, waiting for her to open her mouth she tells me "they notified everyone". I stare her for the longest time like you just said there was no such thing, and suddenly there is. To add on, I asked her if the check-in agents knew about the flights being delayed, and she tells me 'yes, everyone boarding this flight to SD should be aware when they check-in, it was delayed'. I checked my email twice, and asked my parents if they got a email, and they said "No". Seriously? Your guys staff is terrible. You guys should be embarrassed with the team you guys have. Im sorry scanning a ticket, and making sure people's baggage is up to par is SO, SO hard. Im sure a 5 year old can do a better job than your Vegas Staff. Let alone, I heard a lady yelling at a guest after he asked another simple question go, "Im trying to board a plane, sir'. Girl, it is not hard to let the guy know, HE MISSED HIS FLIGHT. You're trying to board plane? All you're doing is printing out tickets, and making sure their ID matches the ticket.'MURICA.
1	Ugh where to even gatdamn start on this airline.First time flying on this "airline" going to Vegas. Bought the tickets for pretty cheap and now I know why, by the time I boarded the airplane I had spent an extra million dollars on EVERYTHING they charge you for.They charge you for printing out a boarding pass, carry on bags, checked bags, being fat, being short, having bad breath, having big tits, having one bad eye, having your fingernails painted.....you get my drift.You can't even get a free can of pop on that bitch, but you can get a styrofoam cup of oodles of noodles for 3 dollar. Get out of my face.With 3 bucks I can go buy a 24 case of those.The only thing that I loved about this airline was the flight attendant by the name of Joe on my flight back to Chicago from Vegas.This stupid ass lady was asking him about the noises the plane was making before take-off and trying to be "funny" about something being wrong on the plane which could have seriously caused someone not comfortable with flying to have an extreme panic attack. (like me) She kept on and on and on....he finally turned to her and said:Joe: "Do you want to get off the plane too?"  (One guy had just been thrown off for public intoxication"Dumb Ass Lady: "No"Joe: "Then I suggest you be quiet"Me and my brother had a good laugh about that for about an hour into the flight.Save your money and fly a better airline.....by the time you're done with Spirit your airfare will be about 2 thousand bucks.
2	I have flown with Spirit at least 4 times now and I can say it's nothing to highly recommend.  I've flown to and from Miami as well as Las Vegas.  The first time I flew round trip to and from Miami was the better trip and only price wise, $188. I traveled real light that time so I wasn't too privy to all the nickel and diming that the airline hits you with.  I do agree that you should just spend the few extra bucks and fly with a better airline, it all kind of works out price wise after you check a bag or two and buy a Coke.  The most recent to and from Vegas is detailed as follows (review by Beatriz T.):Ugh where to even gatdamn start on this airline.First time flying on this "airline" going to Vegas. Bought the tickets for pretty cheap and now I know why, by the time I boarded the airplane I had spent an extra million dollars on EVERYTHING they charge you for.They charge you for printing out a boarding pass, carry on bags, checked bags, being fat, being short, having bad breath, having big tits, having one bad eye, having your fingernails painted.....you get my drift.You can't even get a free can of pop on that bitch, but you can get a Styrofoam cup of oodles of noodles for 3 dollars. Get out of my face.With 3 bucks I can go buy a 24 case of those.The only thing that I loved about this airline was the flight attendant by the name of Joe on my flight back to Chicago from Vegas.This stupid ass lady was asking him about the noises the plane was making before take-off and trying to be "funny" about something being wrong on the plane which could have seriously caused someone not comfortable with flying to have an extreme panic attack. (like me) She kept on and on and on....he finally turned to her and said:Joe: "Do you want to get off the plane too?"  (One guy had just been thrown off for public intoxication"Dumb Ass Lady: "No"Joe: "Then I suggest you be quiet"Me and my brother had a good laugh about that for about an hour into the flight.Save your money and fly a better airline.....by the time you're done with Spirit your airfare will be about 2 thousand bucks.
4	This airline was not to bad overall The flight was on time for me and the Service was good as well.The only thing is on the domestic flights they charge you for more the 1 small carry-on. They need to be a little bit more organized as far as flight times and arrival
1	MINDBLOWING that a multi billion dollar company can send "check in" updates and notifications but somehow cannot send notifications when they know almost HALF A DAY ahead of time that a flight is going to be 5+ hours late. So EVERY single passenger shows up and has to wait 5+ hours because no one was notified until check in. WANT TO KNOW WHY WE WAITED!?!? NO FLIGHT CREW SCHEDULED FOR OUR FLIGHT!!! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?! IS THIS A JOKE!!???? Not one single person will be compensated for this, and of course the second designated take off time is still running late by 20 minutes now. This is the lowest class of customer service I have ever seen next to Frontier. HOW DOES THE CEO OF THIS COMPANY SLEEP AT NIGHT TREATING THEIR CUSTOMERS THIS WAY!?!?!
2	CAVEAT EMPTOR.   NEVER FLY SPIRIT AIRLINES.I have no need to repeat what has already been said here: the surprise fees to check bags,  the ticky-tack,  sticker-dicker pricing,  and the inaccessible customer service all goes without saying.   My flight was delayed 5 hours,  too - -  no big deal,  the usual course of business for Spirit.   What I would really like to commend Spirit Airlines on,  was canceling an entire part of my journey,  only to attempt to resell it to me 20 minutes later for 20% more than what they refunded me for.   To the desk-worker's credit,  Michelle did a great job of eventually getting me my fare back,  with a a promised refund (I will upgrade to 2 stars when this refund comes through). I'm still waiting in the terminal as I write this review,  if the pilot succeeds in not engaging on a crash-landing on my way to my destination,  I will upgrade to 2 stars.UPDATE 9/2/2014  My refund DID arrive.  +1 Star for follow through.
1	If I could, I would give it less than a star. Let me first start off by saying that I know Spirit is known for the cheap flights, and not so much its accommodations. But DAMN! They changed my flight time and REFUSED to let me cancel! How the heck does that work?! So now because you needed to change the time of your flight, I have to suffer? They refused to refund me back my money and said that even if they refunded the tickets, which they weren't going to, the hotel that i booked through them would not be refunded! I was ok with being nickel and dimed for little things although that irritated me too. But how is it my fault that you changed the flight and now because I can't make the flight, I have to sacrifice my payment? Although they offer cheap flights, in hindsight, it really isn't by much. It is actually better to go with a more reputable company that treats you with dignity and fairness.
1	Just very bad all around.   Checkin was complicated, charged for a standard carrying and crew at departure gate was CLUELESS!!!  Extremely unprofessional with lots chaos and loud conversations in what looked like a very standard boarding group!
1	Absolutely the worst airline in the entire universe!! Absolutely the worst airline in the entire universe!! Absolutely the worst airline in the entire universe!! Customer service is horrible / terrible!! This is for anybody that's thinking about traveling with Spirit Airlines, I understand that this is an ultra low airline, but it is not worth the hassle with baggage fees, bad customer service, and seating.  You are bunched in your seat like sardines, seats do not recline. I felt like I was on a tractor trailer with no shocks. Please, I encourage everyone to avoid this airline, I have flown with several airlines from your high cost, to ultra low. You can find ultra low fares using other airlines. Just book in advance. Do not, I repeat, do not fly on this airline ever in your life, you will regret it!!
1	This is an awful airline to fly on.  They have no consideration for their clients.  If your 2 min. late for your flight and the plane is still attached to the terminal they won't let you on or will they refund your money.  You are left on your own.  They run out of Captains to fly their plans due to too many hours & your stuck in the airport with no accommodations for food or rest.  Know of several people who have had tickets with them and they are so strict with switching flights etc.  Not an Airline I'd suggest to use.
1	Spirit Airlines..... where to begin? I flew you once back in May and swore to myself that I would never fly with you guys again. Sure, you make it known: "You get a seat-- That's it. --You hungry? Thirsty? Then you betta pay up mothaf*ka" So you have this cool little gimmick about how your rates are SOOO low, but you stress the tight seating and additional fees.  Tight seating? ==Not a problem. I'm no princess or 'leg room nazi'.  It's the fact that every time I fly you guys something goes wrong.  First flight I had with you guys, we ended up in Pennsylvania. I was supposed to land in Baltimore.  One of the bathrooms was broken and it ended up being a full plane ride bathroom break for the ONE working bathroom.  Then we landed and I proceeded to baggage claim where I waited for my luggage for nearly an hour.  This recent flight, I got slapped with an additional 50 bucks for my bag being too "heavy".  I already paid 40 bucks to check it and even looked for something to indicate that it was going to be a little bit more weight.  I guess theres "fine print" that explains it.  There always is, isn't there? Well. To conclude this review: Pay the extra 100 or so bucks for an ACTUAL airline because you end up paying what you "save" with Spirit anyways.  Get yourself some leg room and that bag of complimentary peanuts.  It may not be a meal, but shit, it's better than nothing.
3	Made it safe. I hate the baggage rules whether it's a  carry on or a check in bag they charge you for both. That being said we were a full hour late taking off.
4	I'll have to agree to disagree with the other reviews here.Spirit Airlines is obviously a budget airline with budget options.The price quoted are usually the bare bone flights (which their website states).Therefore if you want to bring anything more than a personal item, you'll pay extra for it.And if you're going to buy the "extras" it will basically cost you about the same as the other airlines.I for one am glad this airline is around to offer this flexibility.Ultimately, Spirit got me to my destination pretty much on time and safely. And that's what I expected. I would recommend this for short trips and traveling with a small backpack/personal item.Do your due diligence and read what's on their website and there will be no surprises.
1	This is the first and last time I will ever go to this airline. It cost my family $50 for 40 pounds of luggage. They charged for my carry on luggage as well. They also charge $3 for WATER. I know $3 isn't much money,  but water is something that should be provided. The food prices are skyrocket high. Whenever I see the sign saying "we hope to see you again" I laugh and hope that is a joke. The luggage cost is like taking an extra person on board. I will never use this airline ever again. Don't fall for their outrageous hidden fees.
2	So I probably should have waiting Til the return flight to yelp this airline.                          The first flight left us on the tat mat for a hour the flighty home was ridiculous                Not only did they email us about changing are flight to a later  time About  a week before departure but when we arrived at the airlines we found out that are flight was delayed another hour! I'm currently sitting in the airport waiting writing this review.              I'm giving this airline two stars because it's cheap which is it's only redeeming quality.
4	i just want to say, you get what you pay for.  Air ticket of Spirit Airlines is cheaper than others. If you buy it when Spirit make promotion, it cheaper more. i buy one ticket from http://www.promopro.com/merchant-Spirit-Air-coupons-deals-10496.html last month. i never expect one excellent condition during the flight.
1	Worst service ever !!!!! NEVER AGAIN flying with Spirit . First we got rudely serviced by Stacey, she seemed drunk and dazed she refused to help us get on our flight . She quickly rushed us off, we then approached another agent who tried to help us by calling his supervisor Donna . Donna tried to assist us by PASSING us off to another agent Lena who refused to give us her name, luckily I got a glimpse of her name on her badge. I asked for her name just in case I needed further assistance but she refused to give it me saying it was private information. The whole time we were trying to get on our flight it was like a hot potato game getting passed off from one agent to another . Donna came back and said she would kick us off the flight overall ! I was so amazed by how rude every single one of the agents is , I've flown with many other airlines and I understand that they don't have many flights but they were so rude that their customer service was clearly at the bottom of their priority list ! NEVER AGAIN ! Calling their customer service number NOW ! If I could give them 0 stars I would.
