4	Fact: I LOVE buffets.Everyone raves about the buffet and The Aladdin and Wynn, but my favorite buffet on the Strip is by far The Buffet at Mandalay.  (Emphasis on "The" since they have "The" Hotel and "The Chapel.)Breakfast consists of a create-your-own-omelet station, eggs benedict, french toast, and my personal favorite, longanisa (a sweet Filipino breakfast sausage).They serve Alaskan King Crag Legs for lunch!  Already split open for easy eating!  Be still my heart...Fact: Bay Side Buffet at Mandalay definitely deserves the distinction as "The" Buffet on the Strip.
5	This one of the best buffets in Vegas.  My fat friend's father ate 13 pieces of prime rib in one sitting.  The prime rib here is awesome.  The price of admission is worth it for the prime rib alone.  The buffet was around $18 the last time I went.  WELL WORTH IT!  I always eat here when I go to Vegas.
3	Prime Rib? Check!Alaskan King Crab Legs? Check!Pizza? Check!Salad bar? Check!This is a not-so-impressive buffet from Mandalay Bay. We picked it because we thought otherwise. "Everything else at Mandalay Bay is great," we thought, "how bad could this be?"While it wasn't horrible, it just wasn't that memorable. Most of the offerings were the standard buffet fare. It's understandable because these sort of buffets need to be accessible to all people.  The highlight is their dessert offering. They had tiny lemon meringue pies, chocolate chip cookies, macaroons, bread pudding, soft serve ice cream, etc. They even had at least two sugar free cake offerings. In the end, we got our money's worth, which is what a buffet by nature is designed to do.
4	Its hard to compare a place like Mandalay Bay with other low tiered hotel / casinos because there is such a diffrence in amenities, service, and quality ambiance.  Same can be said for this fabulous buffet, which for a reasonable price feature some very good food during all hours of the day.  The breakfast time is especially phenomenal, as the omelettes are delivered to each table after ordering and were in my experiences cooked to pure perfection.  The hashbrowns are usually a buffet casualty as they're butchered by the patrons to just mini sheds of potatoes, but at least here its been crispy and flaked to a way where its still perfect after many diggings.Dinner is a whole new story as the prices are higher and the food is excellent.  The fish is of some of the best quality (halibut, salmon, skate) and so are the awesome crab legs.  I've seen the occasional lobster tail here even.  Its reminiscent of the Bellagio buffet but with less well dressed folks and a better view of the strip.
4	I'm not a huge fan of seafood but the buffet at Mandalay Bay is right up there with the Forest View Cafe @ Harrah's in Tahoe.  Great environment and short lines, beats Bellagio's which I think is totally overrated.
4	I've always liked coming to this buffet whenever I'm in Vegas.  Heck, I've even gone there by myself during a business trip.  My favorite dish to have: the prime rib.  I always have about 2-3 slices of prime rib.  Plus, they aren't so stingy in giving you the cuts either.  I also like their tamale (beef) whenever they have it.  THey also have shrimp cocktail and crab legs, so any seafood enthusiasts can have their cravings fulfilled.  The price, it's relatively low compared to other hotel buffets.
4	So this is the kinda place that every casino needs to have..... a food-oriented outlet for the glutton to go with the greed.So here's another amusing story of one of our trips here.I go with my friend and his little brother... a couple years younger than him, but in his mid-20s, is about 5'6" and weighs about 135, soaking wet.Older brother :  hey.. I bet you can't eat 4 slices of prime ribYounger brother : deal... yer gonna loseOB:  fine... have at it..So we all go get our food, and:OB:  hmm that's a pretty thin slice(it was about half an inch thick)YB:  dude.. .whatever..So he packs away the first slice....    round #2 comes upMe: man... this is messed up...  he doesn't know this is a no-win situation for him does he.... he just doesn't get it.OB: yeah... but its funny as hellyounger brother returns with his 2nd slice...OB: dude... wtf.. that's another small one(another half an inch thick slice)....  go tell the dude who you are, and get a real sliceYB: fine... whatever... but this one countsOB: fineso the slice #2 completes and he goes for #3OB:  wow..  see... now that's what I'm talking about(slice comes back about an inch thick)YB: yeah...  no problem... I got itMe:  you sure?  how you feelingYB:  yeah dude... no problemMe: *chuckling* alright dude... whateverso... after a while.. slice #3 goes down...Me: dude... you know this is a no-win solution for you...  are you just dumb?  you are gonna eat short of 4 pieces, lose, and owe him $20, or yer gonna eat all 4, he'll give you $20, and you'll feel like shit for the rest of the night.YB: yeah.. whatever.. I got this one...OB:  oh yeah?  well don't come back with another one of those wimpy cuts... you better get a real cutYB: whatever... yer just getting scaredSo he goes and gets his 4th cut.  by this time, the rest of us are pretty much eaten out, so we're just sitting and watching.OB: yeah dude....  you eat that one and I'll gladly give you the $20.(he came back with antoher inch thick piece)YB: yeah.. this one is a a big oneOB: heh... yup...so he starts on through it... granted, a bit slower than the first 2, but he's kinda going through it...the first quarter goes down.... the second quarter a little slowerMe:  dude... just stop.. any more and yer just hurting yourself.YB: nah... I think I still go it2-3 bites more...YB: ugh.... this isn't gonna happenOB: yeah?  you conceding?Me: dude.. I told ya......YB: FUCK!!!  I thought I had itheh... so he loses his bet.. .goes home... and has the shits all night...THAT is comedy...but ... guess what.. .  the next night... we went to Red Rocks Club and had the buffet... and guess what he had.....   The food here is pretty good... granted that it's buffet food, but it's still pretty good.  People hoard on the crab, which is kinda stupid.  I guess people really do view these things as binges of gluttony.  I kinda just view it as another meal with a great selection.  I'm done with the days of eating a ton, and then suffering through it for the rest of the night or, like in "Go" eating too much shrimp with iodine and suffering for the rest of the trip.go.. enjoy it... don't overdue it and you'll have a better experience.
3	Now the excess of fat on your American bonesWill cushion the impact as you sink like a stone-Crowded House"Chocolate Cake"Now I know Vegas is king when it comes to excess in this country but I gotta admit, I was a little put off by the amount of food I saw people stacking on their plates at the buffet. Seriously, 32 crab legs on one plate?  Are you eating all that because you're hungry or because you can?  Ok, stepping off my soapbox for a minute, the food at the Bay Side Buffet isn't bad.  The layout is a little weird though-think Kung Pao chicken next to French Toast, fried shrimp next to eggs benedict. And at $25 a person for champagne, all you can eat brunch on Sunday's it's a pretty good deal.  Maybe I'm just being a bit cranky because I wasn't wearing my stretchy pants and got full after two servings?
4	The Bay Side Buffet is deserving of extra stars for excellent food and absolutely no lines at lunch.  Most of all, Bay Side Buffet is awesome for having the biggest damn waffle cone I've seen at a buffet and for having vanilla FROZEN CUSTARD to fill that cone with!  That frozen custard alone is worth going to this buffet, though there are other great foods here.I liked their make-your-own pasta bar, which is probably the make-your-own omelet bar for the breakfast buffet.  Nothing beats piping hot pasta with Alfreado sauce, chicken, mushrooms, and shrimp!  I also liked their Mexican foods section, which featured plain tamales, beef barbacoa, and pork carnitas.  The foods aren't amazingly good, like you might find at taquerias, but having some Mexican food is great when you've been eating nothing but creme brulees and prime rib for a few meals.  I still managed some prime rib here, which has good flavor and tends to be about medium rare, which is exactly how I like it.  The dessert bar, which has the great frozen custard, also has a good variety of sugar-free desserts.Overall, a very pleasant buffet to dine at.  The buffet is situated above the awesome Mandalay Bay swimming area, so if you get a table by the windows you can gaze down at the pools and at the palm trees swaying in the breeze.  It actually makes you feel like you're in a tropical resort!  I'm a little surprised at how few people were there, but I'm glad it was pretty empty, only because that meant no lines to get in and no fighting over crab legs and cocktail shrimp.
4	When someone says brunch, I'm expecting a combination of breakfast and lunch items.  No such luck here.  I found no breakfast items awaiting me.  The only redeeming factor...prime rib.  You don't have to wait til 4pm when the dinner crowd start to wander in.  You can have it early.  And you can have it the way you want it...rare, medium, thick, thin, etc.  Pair this with the spicy fresh horseradish and you've got a clear brunch winner.  Or have it with a side of bacon wrapped pork tenderloin and a grilled lamb steak...I did, along with a plate of peeled shrimp.
3	It was a decent buffet but nothing spectacular.  It's very nice that there is no hour long wait in line to get in this place at any time.  Your options span the basics.  There is italian, asian, american, and mexican dining options.  They don't serve any breakfast items after 12pm which really sucks.  The prime rib was ok.  The carnitas were pretty good.  I enjoyed the fresh fruit and yogurt.  They had a very good dessert spread but I didn't try anything from it so I can't comment on how good any of it tasted.
4	All you can eat is a term I enjoy hearing. For me, that means I'm getting myself a six course meal (or at least 6 plates will sit before me.) The selection and spread was fairly random here, and the food was neither the greatest nor the worst I've had at a buffet (avoid the sushi,) but at $20 to enter I can say price overrides. You can find me stocking up on Bacon wrapped pork, fried shrimp, orange peel chicken, lo-mein, cheese quessidillas, prime rib, fried chicken, chicken marsala, more prime rib, and french toast for my first three plates. My fourth plate will be a generous salad to cleanse and balance, followed by an assortment of cakes, brownies, cookies, fruits, and some jelly thing that makes me welcome diabetic shock. Grabbing a cone and hitting the soft serve machine, I'll take the last bit to go.What? I have a high metabolism and don't want to leave hungry.
3	Ill be honest.I wanted breakfast.  But we planned the brunch for noon, so noon it was, and apparently its not a breakfast all day kind of buffet.  That's just too bad I say though because my three mimosas would have tasted much better with a do-it myself omelet or a waffle bar.  They were good regardless, but the delicious bacon wrapped pork, or the fried shrimp just didn't do to my belly what i had wanted to happen.  I wanted magic.  I wanted taste explosions.  I wanted my stomach to thank me personally.  But all that happened was a too full belly, $20 i'll never get back, some wasted food on multiple plates, and some nasty gas.Three stars for each of the mimosas.
2	Buffet Dining.  See also: Furr's, Sizzler, Golden CorralAt about $20 a head for lunch, this place is reasonably priced by Vegas standards.  There is an old adage that says you get what you pay for.I was initially impressed by the staggering array of choices.  Nearly every cuisine invented by the various cultures around the world are represented here, all the way from the dry and arid climate of nearby Mexico to the venerable art of pastries from France.  I delighted to be able to mix my Indian curries with my pork tenderloin.Yet somehow the very first bite teleported me back to the cafeteria at my college dorm.  Hangover and all.
2	hmmm...  given the way this place looked from the outside, one would expect to be inundated w/ all types of food but alas you aren't!  the food is relagated to one corner of this huge room and the dessert selection was as big as the food selection (which is not necessarily a bad thing but more on that in a bit).  all the selections were average at best with the snow and king crab legs being the only redeeming qualities.  the prime rib was below average and the shrimp was eh.  some of the fruits looked more like they were out of a can than just cut fresh in the back.  the desserts tasted like they were all made from a duncan hines batter.  only the peach cobbler was alright but that was once again made from a peach in a can (i could make a reference to the song peaches by the presidents of the united states of america, but i won't...but i just did...oh well)
2	Mandalay Bay Hotel has been one of my long time favourite casinos to stay at in Las Vegas.  The rooms are nice, the casino is clean and relatively smoke-free, and the restaurants are all good; or, at least that is what I used to think.The Bayside Buffet does NOT stand up to the reputation of the Mandalay Bay experience.  For a group of twenty-one people, they required an eighteen percent gratuity to seat the party together.  However, we were not seated together.  They were going to seat us in one of the main rooms spread out over six tables.  Mind you, we arrived early enough that they only had maybe three other parties in the restaurant.  When we complained, they refused to even push some of the tables together; we pushed them together, to consolidate the group into four separate tables.  That was the best that we could manage.The service was slow.  And, mind you, this was a buffet.  So, slow service was kind of puzzling.  All they had to do was provide us with drinks, at an almost empty buffet. And the food, well I guess that's what we get for going so early.  It tasted like they served us yesterday's food.  A lot of it was hard and chewy, stale.  And avoid the weekend omlette cook, he could only manage two omlettes at a time, barely.The Bayside Buffet service belongs at someplace like the Tropicana.
3	We had dinner here for my first time (and probably my last) at this buffet. Some people are probably easily fooled into thinking that the food here is really good just because the dining room is so picturesque. I mean it was nice, sitting on the patio with a view, but it pretty much ends there. I must have taken one bite of everything on my plate and pushed it aside. The carrot cake was the only thing that I thought was good enough to finish. It's definitely not worth the wait. For around the same price though, I'd rather be at Paris or the Bellagio buffet.
4	Okay - I am an adult and should know not to eat until I am sick, yet this place tests my ability to put down my fork and walk out.  I am not a breakfast person really, so I can't speak to the breakfast or brunch they serve, but I love me some lunch/dinner options.  Of all the Vegas buffets, I think this is the best quality (albeit, they have a smaller selection of food than other buffets - but you know quality over quantity yadda yadda yadda).Things I love here:- the already peeled large shrimp cocktail- cracked crab legs (these are better than anywhere else, I could eat my body weight in them...I may have in fact)- Prime rib, they rock the cashbah on this one- Chinese fried shrimp- the antipasti bar - your drink glass will never go empty (especially if you tip when you pay)- they have the best views of the tropical pool areaThings that suck here (and every other buffet you'll ever go to)- the desserts, I don't know why, but NO buffet has good desserts!- made to order pasta (what a waste of time and stomach space anyway!)Overall- great buffet!!
5	I went to the buffet for dinner after finishing up the Las Vegas Marathon yesterday and it was good.About $24 lunch and $29 for dinner including tax.I'll never forget that one pretty hostess there. I had a plate in my hand and I walked right by her. She's the fifth star...
3	This USED to be the best buffet in town.  But that's clearly ancient Vegas history now.  Still, the made to order egg and omelets are very good and the pastries.... well, THERE'S their magnum opus, I think!
3	This place has the crab and the jumbo shrimp but for some reason there seafood has no flavor. I think they probably boiled the crap out of it. Selection was modest and the quality of the other goods were pretty good. The prime rib was so rare it was still mooing which was great, very nicely done. Deserts were disappointing with the selection and quality. The had bread pudding without the white sauce, which really doesn't work. Service is also quite slow so it might take some time to clear the table of seafood rampage.
4	I think this is one of the best brunch buffets in town.  They have the make your own omelet station and great eggs and a fantastic dessert selection.  Also, the champagne for the mimosas was good too.  This place was so good, my petite little roommate ate here for 3 hours.  (Suffice it to say, she was in a food coma for a good part of the day.)  That's some good eating...
4	NOT another Buffet...but yes, we were dragged kicking and screaming!!!  Regardless, it was actually pretty darn good.  Yes I over ate as one of my colleagues held a crab claw to my throat and forced it down me. Although I have to admit, the king crab legs were really good and the seafood bar was pretty decent.  Moreover the carving station was good as well.  The prime rib was flavorful and NOT over cooked.  They had a really decent selection and I as always ate way too much.  I wasn't able to venture to the desert bar, but did wobble my fat ass out on my own power.Did I mention how much I hate buffets!!!
4	Good experience here! Party of 11 and about half of us were actually there. They got a table of 8 for us and a table of 4 right by us so we can all sit together. The great thing? When the rest of our party came I just walked to the front, grabbed everyone after they paid, told the hostess, and they walked right in. No waiting in line! Isn't that nice? :)Bayside is another Vegas Buffet. Yes I know. BUT Why do they deserve 4 stars???? It is due to the assistance of Wes, Kolbe, and Mike. LA Yelpers baby!!!! They assisted in helping me get over being gross out or creeped out by crab legs. I actually had fun with them!!!! Crack them open, pull, grab the meat, dip a little in the butter, and YUMMMMO! Yes, sometimes it was still a little creepy whenever I saw the parts that were attached to the body, but either way, YAY! It was SO good! It wasn't the cold kind either. Warm and yummy. O! Our server (the 2nd one, not the grumpy 1st one) was the SHIIIIT! He brought us carafes of drinks and was very attentive about taking away our plates. Good job dude! Too bad I forgot his name! :(We also ran into a Washington DC Yelper there too! She had on a Yelp shirt and of course we all approached her. Too bad I forgot her name! UGH. I have a bad memory. More so after a long weekend.Crab Legs. CHECK. Shrimp cocktail thingys. CHECK. Good coffee. CHECK. Stuffed beyond belief with food, dessert, soda, water, and coffee. CHECK. hahahaha :)Note: Where's my Yelp shirt doodies!? :)
4	Food. Lots of it.I did notice since being a Yelper and gaining a zillion pounds, that the buffet senses has since been peaked into maturity. A selection of cold and hot crab legs which were devoured by our fellow Yelpers were received well. Prime rib was awesome as always, but no different than any other prime rib buffet place. I wanted to eat a good size omelet, but the lines are too long as always, especially when you come to a buffet for brunch......booooooOverall, not bad for $23 bucks but when you re in Vegas drinks are cheap.....and so are.....(shhhhh)
3	This buffet was alright for lunch. It costs $20 for a reasonable amount of tasty foods, but it didn't really "hit that spot" for me. The prime rib was juicy and flavorful, but that was the only thing that I really liked there. I don't know what the hype was about it. Maybe I should try dinner?
4	I had brunch here after an amazing weekend training.  From what I can remember they served portions chunks or parts of cow since they pretty much covered the plate.  The best part is it was so tender it was almost falling apart as you touch it with your fork.  I most definately have to come back and try it again along with the others in Vegas.
4	I'm guessing because the word "bay" is in the hotel name, they deemed it necessary to have tons of seafood. NOT that I'm complaining, by any means...First of all, it's pure genius that at the entrance of this buffet are fast-pay machines??? If the line is long and you don't feel like wasting away in it, jump over to the machine and pay for your meal tickets. You get to skip the pay line, and trot down to where they seat you. One of the things that really kills Vegas buffets for me are the longass lines, so this place immediately got five stars from me. Read on to see why I knocked one off...Apparently there were at least three wedding receptions going on here (why the hell you would have your reception at a Vegas buffet is beyond me), because the lines to get food were ridiculous. My friend and I also got cut in line by five fat bozos who apparently thought a foot of space between me and the person in front of me meant "yes please cut me, cuz I'm not hungry either." Let me tell you, cutting two hungry, cranky asian girls in line is NOT a smart move. The setup wasn't very genius though. There were about three or four big different sections with food, but people were lining up in ONE long line. It didn't seem to matter if you wanted to go down the whole row of food, or if you wanted just one thing, because either way, people were not about to make room for you. After realizing that we were too small and kept getting trampled on, we sent the bfs in to get the work done.On to the food!! Their breaded shrimp = AMAAAZING. I'm a sucker for breaded stuff (yea, sue me), and their shrimp was really good. The pasta station also made personalized pasta for you.. tasty as well. Crab meat yum, oysters I was told were yum, pork tenderloin yum... everything was pretty yum. After the giganto crowds diminished, it was way easier to go back and pick my faves out on my plate. But the way it was going when we first got there.. not cool.
4	What do you hate most about going to a buffet? No, it's not the guilt of stuffing food down your face and gaining 3 lbs. in an hour. Really, it's not. Ok, maybe for you fatties, but not me. What I hate the most is waiting in line to pay the cashier to get into the buffet. When you go to a buffet, you're already starving. The last thing you want is to wait half an hour (or more) in line while the people in front of you decide how they're going to split up the bill between everyone in their groups. Delegate one person to pay for everything for god's sake! Decide how much each person is going to pay later! Ugh. Anywho, the people who run this buffet got smart and set up self-paying kiosks in place of cashiers. Tap the touch-screen a few times, insert money or a credit card, take your receipt and show it to the hostess who will lead you to your table. Genius! Pure genius!There's a great selection of food, tender and tasty prime rib, and delectable sweets. But man, those kiosks are sexy...
4	Not too bad of a buffet here, Top 5 in Las Vegas. I came here real late for dinner when they were near closing, and it was great because the line was short (since it was almost closing time) and i just loaded up on the snow crab legs and had at least 2x the price of the buffet worth just from snow crabs.
2	Don't go for breakfast. Everything was bland. The line was too long for the ONE omelet bar and the muffins were from costco I think.Maybe lunch and dinner are better. Also, the holograms are way creepy.
5	This is one of my favorite Las Vegas buffets because of the quality and value. The new self-paying kiosks is genius! I can cut the people in front of me that decide to pay at the cashier because I have a receipt to show to the hostess.The choices are plenty and delicious. Definitely scope out the place first and be selective. It'll be a waste of time and energy to try to eat everything they have. I always go straight for the crab legs first. They're already cracked so I just need to pick the meat out and dunk it in clarified butter....mmmmm heaven....
5	A pleasant surprise.  SO had  another freebie ( a relative term when you consider my crap table losses, almost offset by my blackjack winnings then big time loss on the ultimate gamble - the stock market ! ) barely made it in before they closed so i figured they would have slim pickin's, cold food.  Not quiteI tell ya, it's a catch -22 at a buffet when low carbin' - tons of meats to choose from, ok amount of veggies and yes, the salad bar and a smattering of desserts ( gotta scrape off the crusts on the sugar-free desserts) but you gotta resist the "real " desserts, the various startchy's - strong smell comin' from the garlic mashed bowl and the breads ( ehhhh, i usually avoid those when i'm carbin'. )  highlights - the scallops, the osso bucco, italian deli meats and cheeses, meatballs ( yeah , that's right THE MEATBALLS ! ), the turkey, braised short ribs ( very good ), carnita meat. service.lows - limited veggies ( salad bar ok ) For some reason, i thought this buffet would be inferior to Bellagio and wynn.  I might just rate this above Bellagio but a notch below wynn ( gf still rates Bellagio's desserts the top dog )cost ( if paying ) i believe $27 on a weekday.Happy Eating !
5	I highly enjoyed the selection and quality of items I had at this buffet. Arriving at 10:30am I was seated immediately and didn't even have an opportunity to have my but hit the pleather before the waitress came to take my drink order.  She was attentive throughout my entire meal, always replacing empty water glasses or juice glasses. My favorite items included:Mashed Potatoes-people aren't kidding. They're buttery and delicious and whipped to perfection!Fried Chicken-the skin was crunchy and the meat was tender and fell off the bone. Perfect.Desserts-I had a few tartlets that were all wonderful, as well as the fruit cobbler. Didn't try the cakes, but they certainly looked delish!Fruit selection-fresh, juicy, and hit the spot!Pizza-it certainly wasn't CPK but it wasn't gross either.  Very suitable for a buffet.Potatoes Au Grautin-practically licked the plate after these.Everything else was so-so, except for the pancakes which I will actually lable as gross and inedible.  Certainly would not mind returning next time I'm staying in Mandalay Bay!
4	great buffet in the mandalay bay. i reduced 1 star due to the fact that they have double of the same thing on both sides. selection of food is great.the thing i love the most is that they have chef making your favorite omelet style to your desire. they have also 2 huge grills that are constantly grilling fresh steak on it. this buffet also isn't loaded with seafood. if your a seafood person, and would like to have a lot of those king crabs, don't come here
4	The buffet was pretty good here which surprised me since I really haven't heard much about it.  A good amount of cold and steamed crab legs.  The lines keep on moving.  A good selection.  The desserts weren't anything great except the soft serve ice cream which I would've thought is like any other place, but it gave childhood memories.  The servers were especially friendly, always cleaning out your plates and seeing if you had enough beverages.  The place has a nice, clean feel to it.
4	Bayside Buffet's food seems better since the recent remodel. I wouldn't have given them more than three stars, if that, a couple of years ago, but they have definitely stepped things up in an apparent attempt to live up to the flash of those colored lights and automated kiosks out front. They do eggs/omelets very well, and the meat selection is good. Lots of crab legs. Desserts are hidden on the far side of the dining room, but they are worth the walk. Like most buffets in Las Vegas, they can occasionally leave foods out too long - they either continue to cook in the trays and get too hard or they don't get enough heat and get cold. It's a juggling act for the staff.  The dining room is tropical and nicely decorated.Bayside is far better than the wretched MGM Grand buffet - within the MGM family it is on a par with the offerings at Mirage and Treasure Island, and a notch or two below Bellagio.
4	I have been here several times over the past few months with colleagues and friends. It pretty much has the normal faire compared to most of the better buffets in Las Vegas. They have an excellent assortment of seafood, meats, breads, and desserts. The always keep a bountiful amount of king crab and shrimp cocktail. The size of the crab varies time to time, sometimes they are big. meaty, and sweet while other times they are small with little meat.The service here is excellent, especially for a buffet since you mainly serve yourself. The waiters always make sure your glass is full and/or you need a new plate, etc. If you want more selection with about the same quality I recommend going to the buffet at Plant Hollywood (Old Aladdin). Enjoy.
4	The food here is good...but it's a pain having to wait in line at each station to get your food. It's just not very well laid out, the station are too close together, people just start forming single file lines behind one another to work their way through all the station and it makes you look like a prick if you cut in front to get to the station you only want to go to. If you have the time and patience then it's worth it. The atmosphere and decor is pretty...feeling like your at the tropics and not Vegas. Would give it a 5 star if it wasn't for the bad set up.
5	It's not often you see Eggs Benny on a buffet menu but they do a great Eggs  Benny here. Impressive breakfast buffet people.It's my last few hours here in sweltering LV and I'm pretty bummed about it. The food was pretty much excellent as well as the service. If I could dock the place a star for the incredibly rude customers who feel the need to push  and prod their way into the buffet line whenever they see something they like I would but it just doesn't seem fair to the establishment. It's called a buffet LINE fucktards. Not a buffet your fucking  over sized ass into any spot that strikes your fancy. Fucking waffles aren't going anywhere you fat bastard in the Las Vegas Speedway t-shirt.  Hit the line knowing that ignorant fucks are going to be jockeying for position and you  will have a great time.
3	Why this buffet has been getting great raves baffles me, b/c from my own recent dining experience, there was nothing extraordinary about Bayside buffet's smorgasbord; True, crab legs/shrimp cocktail/lamb/sirloin and/or filet mignon are served, but so do other better buffet places the likes of Bellagio, Rio, Wynn, and Paris.Paris buffet, in my opinion, still has the most flavorful spread.
4	Great buffet!  Vegas has some of the best buffet's in the world.  They have 6 automated kiosks in the front entrance where you first walk in making the line waaaay faster than other buffets.  You pay and get seated in no time at all!  Oh how I love technology.  Plus they also have great service and an extensive selection of food.  The guy constantly came and refilled our drinks and took away our plates in a timely manner.We came here for Sunday Brunch which automatically includes champagne.  Great deal for $23.99!  We got unlimited mimosas and champagne with our meal, along with endless coffee.The buffet offered king crab legs, shrimp cocktail, prime rib, pork loin, eggs benedict, poached eggs, scrambled eggs, a make your own omelet bar, waffles, french toast, sushi, smoked salmon with capers, beef and broccoli, sausages, mashed potatoes, seared scallops, and more... I hope I didn't forget any of the important stuff!They also have a nice dessert bar with a wide array of cakes, cookies, tarts, and even frozen yogurt with waffle cones!  Eat your breakfast, lunch, dinner, and dessert here in this fabulous all-you-can-eat Vegas buffet!
5	I only ate here during breakfast and it was a GREAT breakfast!  They had really great steaks and braised short ribs.... and yes I ate those for breakfast! haha
2	One of the worst buffets that I have visited in quite a while. Snow crab legs were overcooked and the exterior appeared diseased. Definitely not first quality. The other cooked items were all marginal. For such an outstanding hotel otherwise, this place was a dissapointment and an expensive one at that. Never coming back.
2	A stinker. You know, I'm having a hard time trusting people's review, especially when a user's average review rating is four to five stars for several hundred reviews. Does that mean the majority of buisnesses are winners? I guess I'm gullible.Bayside Buffet is a prime example of why I shouldn't be so eager to try a place recommended by Yelpers. And yet, Im writing one, too! Double standards am fail.Anyway, bitching aside, my lunch here was super meh. 20 dollars paid at the kiosk, then briskly seated facing away the window (wut?), and then hoarded to the buffet line on both sides of the room. Immediately, I had a nagging feeling the experience would be super meh. How? Oh, let's see...the buffet selection is hella small! My college cafeteria offered more food than this -- and at better quality! So what did I get?  Meats, a few starches, but mainly stuff jammed with protein.Lambchops: Ugh. Below super meh. The lamb was gamey and foul tasting, an instant spit-out-of-the-mouth-and-eat-somethingelse-to-purge-the-mouth type thang. Minus points.Pork ribs: Wow, surprisingly soft, but lacked flavor. This was the best entree at the buffet.Turkey: Eh, thanksgiving turkey cut in your choice of dark or white meat. The carver was very nice, but the meat quality was very poor.Braised beef: This better be soft, or else I'm leaving! Fortunately for me, the beef was soft, though a weird aftertaste soured my mouth.Flank steak: Worst meat. I couldn't get steak down my mouth, because the texture was way too chewy. TOO CHEWY. Inedible. Even beef jerky is softer than this flank steak.Mash potatoes: Wait, yelpers, you like this crap? Buttery? Yummy? Uh... I give up. DessertForget the banana pudding, the fruit pudding, the cakes, the brownies; the best dessert is the frozen yogurt. YES. Better than McDonalds frozen yogurt, the barometer for tasty, creamy, consistent goodness. The vanilla custard yogurt was by far the best part of the meal......and the saddest part of the experience. Deserts over meats and entrees? Bayside Buffet, you fail. And, oh, your service sucks.
3	The wait was waaaaaaaaaaaaaaay long, even worst if you have a big party.For 25 bucks, their Sunday Champagne Brunch wasn't that bad -- unlimited champagne!.Just make sure you drink at least 3 glasses of Champagne and eat tons of seafood, then you got your money's worth.
2	I went to the buffet at about 7 oclock and the wait was okay. The cost was about $30 for an adult on a saturday night which I was pretty suprised about because I remember this buffet as not being as great as others but i thought it would mean that the price would be cheaper too. The food is decent, but not the best. If you like pasta I would suggest that you go to the pasta bar where a chef handmakes your pasta. The crab didn't taste nearly as good as the crab at Bellagio. The salmon was dry. I mean...if you want average food then this would be the place to go. But if you want higher quality food then I would suggest going to the Bellagio Buffet on Sunday night where the price is $30 as well but includes so much more selection. P.S. There is no sushi at this buffet, no creme brulee, no cheesecakes. The dessert selection is limited.
3	The food is good... maybe like 3.5 stars.. Sushi selection is pretty poor but the other food is pretty decent.  Bellagio is definitely better in terms of food and a million times better in terms of service.I think we saw our waitress once the whole time... we even had to clear our own tables :(
2	I'll start with 4 stars for the Bayside Buffet, located in Mandalay Bay, for the food. They kept the shrimp coming, they had some really killer steak, and the fruit was ripe and edible.However, they had us standing just inside their entry area for about 15 minutes while they tried to figure out if they could accommodate our group of 10, regardless of the fact that we had told them they could just split us up and put us anywhere. We could see huge expanses of tables open. No idea what the hell was going on there. By the time we had been seated, several of the guys had already gone and eaten two plates worth of breakfast.Drinks were served quickly enough, though there was some confusion as to who ordered what.Price was reasonable for a buffet with the quality of food they had. But there is a lot of competition in this town. I seriously didn't need to be standing there that long, caffeine-less.
5	Warm crab legs...melted butter. Ughh..'nuff said!
2	Sorry, I have to give this place two stars for the food. Service was good. The machines up front made it quick to pay and we got in pretty quickly considering it was around 7pm on Friday. The waiter was good too, getting us drinks and refills in a timely fashion. The setting was not bad either, pretty new-ish looking interior that was relatively appealing to the eyes.However, the food is where it started to go downhill. I started with some seafood. The shrimp cocktail was relatively good, but the sauce wasn't very good. The crab legs (cold ones) were horrible, they tasted quite old. The rest of the food in that area looked messy and didn't taste all that great. The hot dishes on the other side were alright as well. The best part of the meal was probably the roast beef; but then again, I have had better at the other Vegas hotels as well. The dessert was pretty good, almost saved the meal. But all of this stuff seemed to be coming out of the refrigerator, instead of people actually making it. I know that probably doesn't happen too much in Vegas but just didn't add to the already hurt Bayside Buffet.Overall, I will probably not come here again. I expected more, Mandalay Bay! I guess the half-empty dining room during peak hours should have been a sign.
3	The prices here are good. Approx $20 per person. The food is okay. Its fresh and that matters most. I had the prime rip and it was nice and medium rare. The other dishes were not spectacular but better than simply edible. The service was good but the waitress thought we switched out a person. She asked my husband if he was the same guy that was sitting there a moment ago. I guess people try to cheat in these places but c'mon....It was over halfway through our meal. After I thought the waitress forgot my request for a steak knife (she didn't say anything about it when she was serving the table next to ours) she really didn't. It just took her a while. So I felt bad for mentally berating her for her ignoring my request.The dessert section was probably the best. Nice chewy cookies. I had an oatmeal cranberry one. They also had a really good peach cobbler that went excellent with vanilla frozen yogurt on top.
2	After eating at the Buffet at Wynn the previous night, Bayside Buffet cannot compare at all.  My family and I came here for a quick lunch which cost us about $20/person, which is relatively cheap.  Dinner is only $28!Limited menu items, and only about 50% of the food actually tastes good.  I had about 3 plates, and had the waitress take away the plates with most of the food remaining on it (I know, it was such a waste, I felt really bad).  It just wasn't that good...  I mean the food is still edible, just I'm spoiled when it comes to good food!  The only plate that I actually finished was the fourth plate, which was made-to-order pasta, which was mediocre.  I also didn't like that the desert bar is all the way across the other side of the buffet.  Me being a fatass, I was too lazy to walk over to the other side, so I can't comment on the desert.I remember back when they first opened and their food was really good.  It seems to me the buffet and overall quality of the hotel has degraded extremely in their standards over the past few years.  It's a good place to go if you're on a budget and not expecting much.  Otherwise, stick to the Wynn!
4	I went for the champagne brunch and all I have to say if our waiter was awsome, I got wasted! and the damn Coconut Macaroon! Does Anyone have the recipe for it, the BEST I've ever had!
4	I am a big fan of the breakfast buffer.  Swipe the darn card, get charged $16 bucks, and you can eat forever until your hangover is gone and then you are drunk again.  Omelette station, great options.... I made myself a full mexican fiesta type of digs... tortillas, salsa, scrambled egg, chorizo.  The first time I ate there was great.... with some friends and just a table full of tired guys telling stupid stories and tired rambles.The second time, on work, I was sitting there for HOURS with nothing to due but eat slowly and drink coffee while working like a nomad consultant at an internet cafe.They were totally cool with it, and really friendly.I know I will go back.
2	We were told the Mandalay Bayside had an awesome seafood buffet; someone lied to us. Very small selection of food. You could tell the food had been sitting for awhile bc certain ones that had sauces had this film on the surface. The food stations/areas were not well maintained, lots of splatters and drips that weren't cleaned. There was a pasta bar that I never got to try bc no one ever came to assist me or anyone else standing in line waiting. Our dishes started to pile up so badly that we had to use another table to stack them on bc our waiter was no where to be found. Definitely not worth the $24 for dinner - crappy service and food and it wasn't even a busy night; it was 5pm on a Wednesday?!
4	I thought this buffet was pretty solid considering its relatively low price, but I went during a holiday weekend, so it might've been better than usual. The crab legs were fine, prime rib was tender and juicy, there were delicious, piping-hot tamales, and they had the most amazingly fluffy yet custardy bread pudding! None of the other dishes were really memorable, but nothing was truly offensive, either. Our server was particularly thoughtful about disposing of our discarded crab leg shells and supplying us with seafood picks and wet naps. For the price you pay, you can definitely do worse in terms of Vegas buffets. Bayside Buffet  may not be in the same league as Wynn or Bellagio, but it costs half as much!
2	Went there for dinner on Monday night.  Not real impressed.  The place is not much larger than a Golden Corral.  Being sort of cheap I usually stay at Excalibur and at least once each stay go to the buffet.  Last Christmas I decided to spend an extra $5 and try the buffet at the Luxor and was well rewarded.  So this year I opted to spend yet another $5 ($26.99 +tax) to see what it got me.  Last year at the Luxor was much better.  Very small salad bar. Limited cooked vegetables.  Several meat and starch dishes, almost all were cold or lukewarm.  Several of the seafood items (hot and cold) were soggy.  I did leave room for dessert and it was very good.  This place has all the pieces in place to be good and they just are not pulling it off well.  They have several seafood offerings, they use smaller warming trays so they get changed out more often which should keep food warm and not dried out.  I ate between the opening rush and the 7PM dinner rush so the place was only about 80% full and the lines were reasonable.  My server kept my plates cleared and my Iced tea full.  I did notice this trip the entire MGM family seems to be cutting back on quality and value compared to when I was there in July.
4	The Bayside buffet, one of my favorites here in Las Vegas. Our family seems to mostly visit this buffet every single time we come to vegas (which is like twice a year it seems). Alright, here we go:Being Asian in all, most of us LOVE seafood and here at Bayside Buffet, you will not be disappointed. You must not compare these delicate crab legs to the ones offered at your local Chinese buffet or Todai's, this blows them STRAIGHT out of the water. For starters, you are offered I believe Dungeonous Crab (SP?), Snow Crab and Alaskan King Crab legs. The crab is fresh an amazing and even more delicious when dipping it in butter (yes, I know I am clogging my arteries, ugh). The shrimp was shrimp, not too shrimpy but not tiger prawn status either. As for their food selection, its not all that amazing. The hot/warm food didn't really catch my attention. It comparison to Bellagio and Wynn, they lack in a lot of offerings when it comes to international flavor and style. Though I will give them credit for their cook to order pasta station. The chef did however mess up on my order as I requested white sauce vs. the red. But I'm not THAT picky so it wasn't a uber big deal to me. The desert section too seemed lacking. Though I was quite impressed as their self serve ice cream was not the typical regular chocolate and Vanilla. It was a spiced up version of Vanilla and Chocolate and it was just heaven really. I believe it was a Vanilla Custard.Overall, I give Mandalay Bay a 4 out of 5. Its not quite there yet but its pretty delicious when you compare it to a Bay Area Buffet (from Cali). Service was fabulous, food was delicious, and the atmosphere was just right. Hooray for Mandalay Bay!
3	When we were in Vegas this weekend, the boyfriend was dead set on going to the Mandalay Bay buffet so we went to Bayside Buffet for Saturday lunch.  For good seating, go straight to the back where there are huge floor to ceiling windows overlooking the pool.  We chose a corner table and had a great time people-watching.As for the food, I felt that the selection wasn't very extensive.  I was looking for more seafood and greens to eat, but wasn't given much choice.  There was an Asian, Mexican, American, and Italian food section that color-wise, seemed mostly brown and orange.  I felt that the pastas were overserved - one whole section devoted to pasta + a pasta station = carb overload.  The prime rib was delicious and juicy (the bf went back 3 times for this AND I had a dream about it that night!) and gravy of the mashed potatoes was mouthwatering.  For someone who dislikes anything 'smoked,' I thought their thinly sliced smoked salmon was incredible.  Their tempura battered shrimp was crunchy and crisp each time I went back to get more and I couldn't stop with the seaweed salad as well.  Our server was great and attentive to both drinks and finished plates so that we didn't have too much unwanted leftovers lingering around too much.  I wish I could have tried the crab legs, but I was pretty content with my meal and I'm more than certain that the bf was too.  Nothing particularly spectacular, but nothing really horrible here either.
4	Our favorite breakfast buffet in Vegas!  Not the cheapest of buffets but certainly worth the price.  I have been here mostly for breakfast and a few times for dinner but we agreed the breakfast seemed to have the most variety of food to offer.  The buffet has huge floor-to-ceiling windows that overlook the spectacular pool area of the Mandalay Bay with swaying palm trees.  The decor is Tommy Bahama meets Vegas.  Slightly tacky (it is Vegas afterall) but with an air of tropical elegance.   If you are a buffet snob like like us this is a good one to try for breakfast.
4	My family, relatives, gf, and I go here for dinner every Thanksgiving. That means wait in line for 60 - 90 minutes. As for the food, there are lots of great selections of meats and seafood. The only downfall is their horrible dessert selections.
5	On Sunday morning, I had champagne and shrimp cocktail for breakfast. Only in Vegas can yous tart a sentence that way...Anyway, bf and I went to the champagne brunch, and we were just blown away. But not too far, because we ate too much. The buffet gives off a clean and almost sophisticated vibe, but very welcoming as well. We were seated near the windows, which was great. It's always great looking out a window anywhere in Vegas. I loaded up on the shrimp, crab leg, smoked salmon, bagel, lamb chop, veal, sausage, cucumbers, and corn on the cob (not very breakfast-y, I suppose) Oh, and some fresh strawberries as well. I don't like my food to touch, so I was freaking out that the strawberries were touching the shrimp at one point, so I couldn't wait to get back to the table and make them un-touch. (don't judge me)Then I attacked the desert aisle. I had the tiramisu, chocolate-banana cake, a macaroon, and some creamy mini pie like thing. I was in heaven.The champagne was refilled continuously, and the plates were taken away quickly. Bayside Buffet has become bf and I's new favorite buffet.
4	I think I enjoyed this buffet more than Le Village in Paris.Matta fact, I did. I walked in with little expectation. Reasonable price so I expected a reasonable buffet. I believe it came out to $23.95 per person. This buffet didn't specialize or cater to one specific food (i.e. seafood buffet).  Unlike other standard mediocre buffets that try to have cuisines of the world to appeal to their diverse customer base, Bayside indeed has a little bit of everything.  But, done in a tasteful way (pun intended) unlike other buffets that try to offer too much leaving quality and taste fall flat. Truly - a crowd pleaser for all the girls with different taste buds.*Want cereal, grits, cream of wheat at a buffet? Most people won't eat cereal, but it's a nice option to have. I love brunch and hotel breakfast foods, so that is a total plus for me. Their fruit is surprisingly fresh and chopped in glorious, huge chunks. *Fresh Seafood for the seafood lovers. *Plenty o' Meat for the meaties. *Plus, Italian, Asian, Mediterranean. It really will cater to all.  Also, leave it to me to eat the food at buffets that most people will bypass to get to the good stuff, but I can report that the bread rolls here are Enji approved. The bulgar wheat cous cous (peep the pix) that comes in a small bowl that is placed next to the hummus and baba ghanoush section, which  was completely ignored by the masses. Tsk tsk tsk. I could've eaten a whole plate of that and gone home happy. Desserts - solid. Was a little bummed out that they didn't serve soft-serve or ice cream though.
4	This is the buffet my husband and I ALWAYS go to when we hit up Vegas.  We've tried the dinner buffets at Planet Hollywood, Bellagio, Paris, and the Wynn.  Mandalay Bay's buffet is the best one on the strip, in my opinion.This buffet is one of the few (if any) on the strip that serves WARM/HOT/STEAMING king crab legs.  Who wants to eat these babies cold?  They also serve prime rib, pastas, and tasty Asian sides as well.I think this buffet is the best bang for your buck.  We always leave happy and full!
4	Soo we stopped here for Sunday brunch.  I hadn't heard anythinga bout the buffet at Mandalay Bay but we figured we'd give it a shot.  My friend just made it clear to me that we HAD to have crab legs before leaving the lovely city.  So we stopped in around 9:45am on a Sunday and pigged out!  We had mimosas, eggs and bacon, and plenty of crab legs!  I then continued to stuff myself with shrimp cocktail, a lilttle bit of prime rib, and other miscellaneous deliciousness!  It was $23.95 for Sunday brunch.By the time I got to the dessert part of the meal I was stuffed.  I looked around anyway, but nothing really caught my eye.  Not sure if it was because I was overly full or if it just wasn't as appealing as the rest of the stuff!  It was good. =)  And at a pretty reasonable price too!
4	I went here for a typical Sunday brunch with my boyfriend. He has been here a few times previously and really liked the food here. I have tried many buffets and most are just eh. Rio - yes, lots of food but not quality food. Bellagio - simply overrated! And the list goes on...I have to admit, this place has a lot of good quality foods.  They served all kinds of food such as: turkey, chicken, crabs, scallops, fried shrimp, etc. It was a wide selection. Maybe not as wide of a selection as Rio, but the quality of the food was ten times better! I would definitely come back here again. The food was excellent and I didn't have to wait too long for a table. Good service and great food!
4	I had a group dinner here on a Wednesday evening and it was $27.99 per person; plus $125 fee to place the reservation....for 35 people.  The food here was delicious...but I must take away a star for the lack of price negotiating from the group dinning and the small dining area they put us all in.  We would've been better off coming in separately (and we would've paid less).  Although we were guaranteed tables in the same area; so I won't complain much about that.  It wasn't busy when we went, there was no need to even pay the $125 to make an early reservation, but oh well.  Better safe than sorry.  I would've been fine with placing a refundable deposit, but I thought it was a bit of a rip to charge money to make a reservation; I'm guaranteeing them business from a large group of people - we shouldn't have to pay extra for that.Again, though...food was great.  I would definitely eat there if/when I am in the area.
3	Wow.... You pay the same for the Wynn buffet, but you get So.much.LESS. The food was disappointing after having eaten at other Vegas buffets... the food didn't taste fresh or anything. There wasn't anything too special or amazing. The sushi was worse than what you'd get at a grocery store. Ate one plate and stopped there... sad.
5	The prime rib was great and so were the desserts!
3	bayside buffet is not in the same category as wynn or bellagio's. I would probably rank bayside with Mirage. Although i think Mirage is still better than bayside. I havent been to bayside buffet in a while, but from what i remember, their lunch buffet was not bad. it had a decent selection. of the times i went, i always request to sit by the window, where i can see their pool. It's nice to people watch. taste of their food, it was okay.. nothing spectacular. desserts werent great though.
4	For $29 including tax + tip, I enjoyed the brunch buffet this past Sunday.  I don't think I enjoyed it $29-worth, but since I was with a good group + I ate my fill, I'd for sure say it was worth it this past weekend.The crablegs were delicious -- good texture (firm, not mushy), and although they were a little sea-tasting, I dug the flavor (perfectly salty!)  Macaroni rocked. As did the potatoes croquettes.  My friend's egg-white omelette looked delicious :D  I could list a whole bunch more random foods -- I'll summarize and say there was a pretty decent selection, and everything tasted pretty decent, too.  I'd say 3.5 stars, but will bump up to 4.  (Plus, unlike anything I've experienced before, their service rocked -- servers came by constantly to see if we needed anything (we did stay for 3+ hours, hee) and were really friendly -- and this was between 11 and 2:30!)
5	WHAT HAPPENS AT THIS BUFFET, STAYS IN MY STOMACH!This is by far my FAVORITE buffet spot in Las Vegas!  It has EVERYTHING!  Delicious seafood!Delicious breakfast!Delicious beef spare ribs!Delicious desserts!PLUS ALL YOU CAN DRINK MIMOSAS!!Plus, you can pay at machines that sit in front of the restaurants and then just walk right up with your tickets!  It's the first buffet that I have seen that does this!  Kudos to you Bayside Buffet!Enough said!I am HUNGRY!  Gotta head back to Vegas!
3	***$27.99 dinner buffet**** I would have thought that for this price, I would have had great food..... unfortunatly not. I was very diappointed, I went last fall and it was great. Now its shity service, slow waiters, bad food etc..... The only thing I did enjoy were the crab legs... which I ate the most of. I will not return here and pay this hideous amount of money. It Sucks !
1	Oh no! What a major disappointment.  The food was terrible!  Everything I ate was low grade food from the powdered scramble eggs, potato spud mashed potatoes, fatty sausage, and rubbery steak.  Everything I tried I took one bite of and didn't want to have another.  The selection was absurd - they had just about every type of cuisine you could think of, plus some.  But what's the point of having a ton of choices if nothing tastes good?  They obviously spent their money on quantity and not quality.BOTTOM LINE:  Skip it!  Spend your money on a real meal that you can savor and feel good about spending $20 on.
3	I disagree with Jason R's review about the disapointment, and Rob M's review about probability of it being the best.It's alright, nothing great.  I had the lunch buffet and nothing stood out which was sad.  I tried a little bit of everything and nothing stood out and said "BAM MOTHERFUCKER THIS IS GOOD!"The deserts were tasty but they were just slightly under Bellagio Buffet's deserts......which isn't a bad thing.  The price is alright, but I'd only hit this buffet if you were staying at Mandalay Bay, Luxor or Excalibur.....it's not worth going out of your way for.....but worth avoiding Luxor's and Excalibur's buffets.
3	Had dinner here tonight.  $26.99.  It was a nice buffet with a nice dining room and view of the pool area.  Everything I tried was good, but nothing just stood out as absolutely great.  They had both hot crab legs (that you crack yourself) and the cold ones that are already cut in half.  Many other dishes to choose from as well.  The deserts were very good.   I noticed that they close this buffet down between lunch and dinner times, so you can't come a little early, pay the lunch price, and have the dinner offerings.  I'd certainly go back if in the area, but I think I liked the Bellagio buffet a little better.
4	Yummy! We came here right before leaving Vegas on a Sunday afternoon. After tinkering with the machines to pay for the entrance, we were whisked inside. Hmmm... champagne for brunch? Yep. They also come around to refill your flute. Sweet!The dessert is worth the price alone. There are so many cute and delicious pastries and cakes. Oh and the full selection of fruits and berries is not too shabby either. I ate so many blueberries that day...
1	When in Vegas I feel the need to checkout one buffet, went there for breakfast and left feeling pretty disgusted.  Not one memorable item, wait...the grapefruit juice was good.
2	Stopped in for breakfast and was unimpressed.  I guess I figured for such a nice hotel their buffet would be amazing.  It was your standard breakfast type spread that I could have gotten from any other casino on the strip for cheaper.  Dessert station was amazing though.
4	$20 for lunch buffett is pretty good especially for one of the nicer hotels.  There was no crab legs or prime rib.  The only outstanding thing to me was the dessert bar, great selection.
2	Wow this place was a dissapointment. Read the reviews before coming here and noticed majority of the low reviews were from breakfast. We went there for lunch so we thought it would be okay and wouldnt be so bad but man was it terrible!The place is big but the food stations and choices are small and limited in my opinion. There weren't too much choices for lunch and everything i've tried tasted below average. I don't want to be so picky about buffet foods but nothing appealed to me and didn't take more than one bite, except the shrimp cocktail but how can you go wrong with that......Save your twenty something dollars and go else where!!!!!!
5	Had the regular breakfast buffet this time, and YUM! I had like seven pounds of smoked salmon, and lots of desert. Any meal that gets followed by two plates of desert makes Katherine happy. Plus we got to save on lunch because we were so full!
4	My family and i hit this buffet for dinner and it was to my liking. Shrimp is always on the top of my list so i was in the right place for that. Its pretty standard buffet assortment, salmon, assorted lil sushi rolls, pork loin, chow mien, pizza= ALL DEE-LISH. Dessert was the highlight with the carrot cake topping off a great dinner. The price was fair, so i had a few dollars to throw away on a full stomach and didnt even miss um.
2	DEFINITELY definitely not the best buffet in Vegas!  It was really cheap and that was probably the best thing about it.  I can't remember any item that I really enjoyed.  I just remember that my boyfriend and I were disappointed from the first plate we filled up to the last plate we struggled to finish.  Never again.
4	Great food for the price..$23.99/person for a buffet in Vegas. You can't beat that :]The food was fresh and tasty. The buffet was never too crowded and you could pretty much get anything you wanted. AND they had crab legs!! AYCE crab legs?!?! Who could say no.Overall great food, good service, and all in a clean atmosphere.
5	The best buffet in Vegas so far. Sunday u get mamosas and crab legs. All the food really has flavor. So worth the money. Dessert is superb. I love eveything. Set up, service, staff are top notch. Wait isn't ridiculous. Love love.
4	The Bayside Buffet at Mandalay Bay is one of the more under-rated buffets in Vegas. It doesn't boast the largest selection or the most unique creations, but whatever they do have to offer, they do very very well. The food is usually very well prepared and fresh.My wife and I traditionally like to go there for breakfast for they usually have a pretty good selection of breakfast favorites. Plus, a pretty decent selection of sweets and pastries to pick from if you're third trip through the main buffet wasn't good enough.We have been there several times and have yet to leave disappointed.
5	It was best buffet you can get in Vegas. Worth paying for...I love everything they have...no joke..
3	I think 3.5 stars is about right.We came here last Saturday night after narrowing it down to Rio and Mandalay Bay.  Mandalay Bay won out this time because we ate at Rio the last time we were in Vegas.  It's always good to try something new, right?For about $30, you're treated to a better-than-average Vegas buffet.  I think for about $35, you can eat all day long. I'm not really sure if that requires you sitting in the restaurant all day and eating, or whether it means you can leave and come back to eat whenever you want.  Either way, it sounds awesome; I mean, I think the prospect of having a buffet be your day-long prison is a pretty sweet and ridiculous idea.Anyway, here are some highlights:+ Lots of seafood!  Crab legs! Many salmony salmons! White fishies! Scallops!  Big shrimp!  Yay scavengers of the sea!+ Meats!  Chicken legs! Fried! Veal! Stewed! Prime rib! Other many meats for to eat!  Even though I've been trying to eat less red meat, I was like oh screw it, I'm eating well tonight!+ The Asian foods:  not spectacular, but I still appreciate it being there.  Sushi, pot stickers, Chinese foods, etc.  All decent-tasting!+ Desserts!  Many! All good!  That's saying a lot!  Because I don't have a sweet tooth!+ And one of my FAVORITE parts of the meal: they had CHEESES!  I am a lover of the CHEESES, so when I saw the CHEESES I got all drooly and excited and piled all the CHEESES (they's got blue CHEESES, other hard CHEESES that I can't remember, etc.) on my plate, and that was my dessert.  Loved the addition and the tastes of the CHEESES.I must also note that the dining rooms are very pretty, with dim lighting and a comfortable atmosphere.  So, overall, I enjoyed this buffet a lot, wasn't blown away, but would consider coming back the next time I'm in Vegas.Although, if you're deciding on ONE buffet to eat in Vegas, you gotta hit up the Rio buffet.  It is KICK ASS.  Aite, and with that, I'm out.
4	Without any idea where or what to eat, we decided on buffet.  Since we were staying at the Mandalay Bay, it would be the most conveniet to have lunch here.  We were starving and saw a BIG poster advertising their EAT ALL DAY LONG for one price deal.  Wow...for $35 bucks you can eat breakfast, lunch and dinner.  We went for it although we already missed breakfast.  It was still such a good deal...the food was above average for buffets, they have 2 types of crab legs for dinner and their desserts are very yummy.  Totally worth the price :)
4	We decided to try the $35 - eat all day deal just for fun.  Not the best idea - very full!!Breakfast was pretty good - the usual omelettes, waffles, bacon, fruit, etc.  Bagels were cold and hard, but the smoked salmon was good - wish they had a toaster!  Good pastries hidden in the back!  Lunch and dinner were very similar.  Mostly the same things, except more seafood at night.  Dinner (Saturday) was really busy - had to wait in long lines, just to see what they had.  Braised short ribs were really good.  I thought the prime rib was too salty for me.  Crab legs were good.  Fried shrimp, baked salmon were excellent.  Rolls were also cold and hard, and the butter was frozen.  They need to warm up their bread products!!  Sushi was so-so.  They also had pizza, asian food (potstickers were good!), various meats, Mexican, etc.  I would go there again, but NOT for 3 meals a day!! But it was a good bargain, so what the heck, right?
1	The price of the buffet was hefty considering the blandness and non-variety of the food.  I've tried almost every buffet on the strip, and this one is almost at the bottom of my list.  Right after paying for the buffet through a kiosk I went up to a male worker and told me to walk into the buffet to meet a female worker.  The female worker took my receipt, but rushed to place me by a table as if she was in a hurry.  She was not very courteous.  She failed to ask me if I would like to sit in a table or booth as I noticed she would randomly ask other guests that.  In fact, she failed to say anything and placed the receipt on the table and left.  My waitress on the other hand was quite the opposite.  She made sure we were taken care of.  As for the food, there was nothing great about it.  The food was pretty much slightly below average to average.  Yes there was king crab legs and hot butter, but the king crab legs were terrible and I'm a huge fan of crab.  I will not recommend this buffet to anyone.  The rundown buffets in my area taste even better than this and for a fraction of the price.  I do recommend the Wynn or M Resort Buffet.
2	Ugh....I was expecting so much more, especially for the price tag.  But it was just OK for me.  Granted, the red velvet cupcakes and prime rib were pretty scrumptious...the rest of the buffet was just plain disappointing.And not to mention...50% of it was deep fried.Now...being the fat ass that I am, everything being fried is mostly fine by me, but it was just plain overwhelming here.I actually really enjoyed the make your own pasta bar.  It was like Mongolian BBQ for white people.  I kid, I kid...but honestly it was one of the best things this buffet has got going for them.  We had them mix the marinara and alfredo sauce together, and what resulted was a pretty good concoction for the taste buds.If I were you, I would try and skip it.  But granted there were about 40 of us here for a family reunion, it was OK I guess.Not only do they lose stars for the food, but they were just RUDE when we tried to move the tables around to just sit closer together.  Ummm...excuse us!! We haven't seen each other in YEARS! Forgive us if we want to be close enough to hear each other talking to catch up.  Hello...you don't give a family of 40, 10 four person tables...
3	I had been here 7 years ago and it was one of my favorite buffets. It has gone downhill since then. Breakfast was pretty good though. A nice selection and the eggs made to order were yummy. I also liked that they had flavored syrups. Our server was on his game as well. We returned for lunch and I was disappointed. Too much seafood (I don't eat seafood) and not much of anything else. The deserts were sub par and the service was just ok. I would return for breakfast and that's about it.
3	Oh...goodness. Like many of the hotel buffets in Vegas, this place offers the "Eat All Day Long" option. My family took up this challenge, mostly for the deal. It's a pretty good buffet, but eating all three meals here is a bit...much. I totally regretted going for it. But eating one meal here is not so bad. The dessert section was definitely the highlight, but isn't that always the case? I liked the fruit tarts and mousse. They also have a small cylindrical cheesecake sample that is the perfect size. All cheesecake portions should be that size...seriously.The evening of my battle with this buffet also happened to be the same day that the GameStop convention was being held at the Mandalay Bay. This meant many, many hungry gamers in the hotel. It was extremely annoying to have to wait in a super long line for food at a buffet. I don't even understand why people were lining up, but in fear of being accused of cutting, I joined the flock. But even with the insane amount people (most of them gamers), the service was great. I don't know if it's worth the price for one meal, but eat enough crab meat and blackberries and you'll probably get your money's worth.Love,A Recovering Stomach
4	We have made a few bad buffet choices on our recent trip to Vegas.  On our last day we walked by Bayside Buffet at our hotel (Mandalay Bay) and decided will give it a try.They have an all you can eat -all day- for $35 per personThe food was very delicious and refreshing compared to the other 2 buffets we ate at earlier that week (Excalibur and Sahara-were a real crap shoot!!!) The crab for dinner was awesome and super fresh. It was definitely worth our money to eat there!!! The only think I would say is it that the desserts were not as good as the buffet at MGM Grand. Although the ice cream and waffle cones were great!!!But overall this was a good experience.
5	I went with two friends on a spontaneous weekend trip to Las Vegas and we ended up here for lunch. We were not sure about the price at $20 for lunch, but we decided to take a risk and try it out. We ended up eating for over three hours because everything was so good. The food is great quality. We enjoyed very tender prime rib that melted because it was that good. Also, we enjoyed the coconut butterfly shrimp, lamb, mutton, two types of salmon and many different sides and dishes. The desserts were the best part. There were various individual sized pies, cakes and pastries. We tried them all. We especially liked the coconut cream pies, fresh fruit tarts, raspberry chocolate cake, and tiramisu. But the best part was the vanilla custard soft serve in a waffle cone topped with fresh blueberries. We received outstanding service and had a nice window seat overlooking trees and the hotel pool. A definite must to revisit.
4	For a buffet lunch, it was pretty great. No, it's not as nice as Bellagio's buffet, but it also was cheaper than Bellagios! I really liked the braised short ribs, grilled steak and stuffed chicken legs. All the fruit/veggies were very fresh and all the dishes were kept clean/hot. I wish I would have saved more room for desert- the selection was massive and everything I tasted was delicious!
5	I came to Las Vegas this time (April 2008) prepared to pig out at buffets because my friend had told me about her trip and I was genuinely excited about all the good food I was about to consume on my trip. Bayside Buffet was the first buffet I went to and it did not disappoint.My boyfriend and I got to this buffet around breakfast to lunch transition time. The breakfast options were definitely better than the lunch options because I remember seeing the lunch ones come out and not being as interested. As far as the breakfast goes, they have waffles, pancakes, eggs, sausages, vegetables, you know the usual breakfast stuff. I was a fan of this mainly because whenever I want breakfast, I want all this, but very seldom can you get both waffles and pancakes together along wtih all this other stuff. Not to mention, you usually can't finish all this, but they made the portions buffet size so finishing both waffles and pancakes along with other stuff was doable. I'm not entirely sure if the coffee was free or not but we got it even though we didn't ask for it. So i'm assuming the coffee was free. I may be wrong on this.
3	I was in Vegas for a wedding and we had our "rehearsal dinner" the night before at the Bayside.  We didn't actually rehearse anything but that didn't stop us from stuffing our faces!The layout here is neat in that you never feel like you are in a huge crowded buffet, but it's not so mazelike that you can't find your way around.I actually skipped the salad which is a first for me and went straight to the crab legs.  They were a bit difficult to eat with no tools at all but they were tasty, not overcooked and horrible like I expected.All in all a decent buffet, and I hear they have the "pay once, eat all day" deal going on here if you want to stick around the Mandalay all day.
4	Have to say that most of the food this trip to Vegas was on the fence and between a 3 and 4 star rating.  This place, I will bump it up to 4, as it was the only place we ate at AGAIN that we visited 4 months ago.   This is a solid buffet and a great deal for the price.  I liked it much better than the spice market and I believe that one would have cost us more before the discount we got.I only did one plate of crab - but that's because I had a lot of company with and I was trying to eat politely.  Last time, I got down on about 3 plates full.  The cold shrimp and the fried shrimp were excellent.  Love their salad station with all the toppings and the pizza right next to it.  I think I might have liked the deserts at spice market a TINGE better, but the cheesecake and clafoutis I sampled was super yummy.I think if I was going to take advantage of an "pay once, eat all day" it would be here.
3	A pretty good buffet, actually.  I was used to going to the amazing buffet at Bellagio and it was nice to try something else.Most of the dishes were good - some of my favorites included the Prime Rib and Cheese Stuffed Blintzes.  The prime rib was a bit over cooked, but it had a ton of flavor; the blintzes were soft and the cheese had the perfect amount of sweetness to it.   The other items were a bit hit-or-miss, but over all a great deal ($23.00 for a champagne Sunday brunch).If you're staying at Mandalay Bay or Luxor, which is close by, and want a cheap, decent buffet, this is a good option.
4	The Good: I came here for dinner and it was so good!  A lot of different foods, nice decor, and reasonable prices.The Bad: They need a bigger salad bar.  I love salads and I was disappointed with the variety of toppings.Try: the steamed crab legs.  I think our table had around a hundred.Don't Try: the pizza.  I find it too doughy.
5	Excellent buffet. Warm and cold crab legs available. I personally prefer warm crab legs myslef. Prime rib is delicious. Would eat here agian next year. And they also have a new system that you can buy your buffet dinners through a self kiosk, grab the paid tickets and go straight to the buffet vs waiting in line and paying a worker. Dessert area is also awesoem.
3	Did whole day buffet deal  ($43)on a Sunday. Brunch included champagne and had a wide variety of breakfast/lunch items including omlettes, crab legs, sushi, steaks including prime rib, fruit, cheeses, tamales, carnitas, potstickers, spring rolls, lamb chops, smoked salmon and trout, and a wide variety of desserts. Dinner was less impressive with many of the brunch items still on the menu - but no champagne. Probably better to do the whole day buffet deal on regular weekday and just do the brunch on Sunday. Service was good and the ambiance is good. Highlight was the crab legs and desserts.
3	The buffet food is pretty good here.  Nothing super spectacular except everything was good for the price.  I was there recently for lunch.  If I stayed longer, i might try the all day buffet deal for 38$.
2	Definitely a step up from your standard chain buffets (old country, hometown, etc) but not quite on par with some of the other higher end Vegas buffets.  There is a deal to be had though if you do the all day buffet for $38 per person.  Breakfast is really nothing great, probably a low light of the buffet but lunch and dinner were much better.Honestly if you focus on nothing but prime rib and crab legs you will definitely get your monies worth.The service is good, the decor is fine and the food is fair.  Not bad in anyway but nothing that makes you scream OOOHHH WOW!Overall give it a try if your staying at Mandalay Bay but don't make a special trip to try this buffet.
3	Pro: Pretty wood decor, short line, good braised *insert meat here*. Good service.Con: short line for a reason, crappy desert, old and dry chinese and mexican food. very unfriendly crew behind the craving station. beat up salad barCame here to try the buffet again since the last visit close to 9 years ago, while this place isn't bad, it is also not that great. I would have to recommend to stay away from this place.
4	My boyfriend and I came here for early dinner and it was good. There are a lot of yummy choices, and the price is fair for the quality of food. They had a lot sweets, and those are extra yum! Overall, we give it a 3.9999999 :) still good, and we would come back for more :)
5	Sunday brunch yeah!nuff said.
3	Yeah... this place is OK. I went back twice during my Vegas trip. They have average buffet food...for dinner they have pizza, salad, sushi, fruit, roast beef, fish, crab legs, dessert, etc. For breakfast they have eggs, bacon, cereal, eggs Benedict, fruit, etc. Is it reasonably priced and good, not great. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, if I wasn't staying at the Mandalay Bay.
3	Pretty decent Brunch: $23.99 unlimited champagne!! The main attraction of any buffet is the prime rib, seafood, and desserts.  "Bayside" buffet is just average for all three.  The prime rib was overcooked and seemed like it was last night's batch. The very middle of the rib roast was well done!! I probably came at a bad time.  The seafood is pretty decent here.  The Shrimp cocktail are of a very large size compared to Wynn and Bellagio.  The king crab legs (frozen..errr chilled) were split and of decent size as well.  I wouldnt' say they were as large as the ones at Wynn but good enough to enjoy.  The problem I had was that they over salted the legs so it was a little hard to eat.  I don't know if it was done on accident or just part of the preservation chemicals used on the legs.  Moving on, desserts were pretty crappy actually.  Nothing really looked good but taking a waffle cone filled to the top with ice cream was really great for the long walk back to my car!!  Everything else served is your standard buffet, breakfast stuff, pancakes, bacon, eggs, etc.  Nothing to write home about.  I do think for $23.99 you can get max value out of the buffet by just focusing...err "enjoying" the more expensive foods and the drinks.
4	I made reservations to eat at this buffet for my wedding reception this pass Saturdady instead of having a sit down dinner. I figure it willbe more worth it and my guests won't complain about not having enough to eat. I had about 70 people in my party so to guarantee that we all sat together, I had to folk up $250 for the deposit which doesn't go towards my food. Since it was my first meal of my hectic day, I wasn't that hungry so basically I picked at stuff. I definitely got some steam crab legs. They were relly good, not that salty, but some may differ. I had some pasta that was freshly made at the pasta station. I ate some Bourbon beef and it was good since I don't usually eat meat. And I can't remember what I ate before my desserts. I must have not ate a lot, The buffet is setup with three sections, 1 for the meat and stuff, the other for ethnics foods/seafood, and the for dessert. If you didn't know better, you will miss the 2nd section since it is behind a wall.I found that the food was pretty good, for $26.99 a head, it wasn't all that bad. I might have spent more if I chose a sit down dinner.PROS:-food is good-decent price-very roomy-great serviceCONS:-no signs of stating where all the sections were.-had to pay a deposit to reserve seats
2	Only if you are in Vegas on a budget would this place be acceptable.  Pros-- Cheap - Lots of foodCons-- Assembly line- Low quality food
3	Good selection for a Las Vegas buffet - quiet environment and good views of the pool area.Breakfast selections were awesome - meats, breads, steak (yeah) and exotic fruits.A little pricey for a Vegas buffet
4	Day 3, buffet 3, my last....boo hoo...But at least it ended with a good brunch. 30 dollars after tax and tip though cause it was President's day...boo holidays! I have no idea if the brunch was any better than usual or if they jacked up the price since they could get away with it that day. Pricey for brunch buffet, I would've liked it better if it was a few dollars less. Food was pretty good though.Interesting that its kinda like going to a movie theater since they have kiosks where you pay for your meal. No wait when I went at round 11. They then tried to seat us in the dark area, but we requested to be seated near the large windows. Of course, we got what we wanted, but was also seated next to a large party of very loud people with a little boy they let do whatever he wanted. So a tradeoff...sunlight vs quiet. It's a good thing that you walk off a lot in buffets.The placement of the food is a bit odd in a way, the regular food and the dessert were separated by a huge main room. Hehe limiting temptation maybe? Anyhow, they had a good selection of regular lunch food and breakfast, and a wide assortment of pastries and breads and desserts.Main things that stood out to me, duck, hash browns, and the pastries and desserts. I really have a soft spot for anything light and flaky and baked. Haha. I ate a buncha other things too that I remember liking, salmon, asparagus, braised short ribs and all the other miscellaneous breakfast items. Duck was nice and tender with the skin crispy. Mmmm...I wanted more but didn't wanna fill up on heavy stuff before my ride home. Hash browns were in big triangle shapes that were really crispy and yummy. Oki so like McDonald's hash browns basically hehe. And the pastries...I only had room for a chocolate croissant but I wanted to try everything else they had. They also had make your omelettes, crab legs, prime rib, some asian food, etc etc, but I didn't really eat any of that.  And so, a good place for brunch, but try not to come during holidays. No idea about dinner time. Pastries...
3	It's either this place, or Circus Circus if you want a reasonably priced buffet.Honestly, I enjoyed myself. It's not like buffet food is everything you've ever hoped for and more. But it's definitely one of the better spots to go, so if you don't want to spend $30, this $23 buffet brunch (on Sundays, Mimosa's included!.... endless mimosas... insane) is totally worth it. I will give the Lox and Cream Cheese section 4 stars. I filled up two plates with that stuff. Worth the price of admission alone!
3	I consider the buffet at Mandalay Bay a second tier buffet.  It's good, with most of what you would find at Wynn's, including king crab legs and shrimp cocktail, but just doesn't quite measure up.  I think my biggest issue was the poor service.  We simply could not get our drinks refilled for the life of us.  The waiter had a tunnel vision and would not look up as he moped around.  I strained my neck from looking behind my shoulder so much to find him.  I usually like to have a cup of coffee w/ my dessert so I finally found him and walked up to him and asked him for a cup of coffee, even with a pleeeze.  I actually got an affirmation of my order.   So . . . 20 more minutes of frustration ended in defeat - no coffee.  AAGGGHH.  Needless to say, he was not compensated for the non-service.
3	It was pretty crowded. It reminded me though of being in college but the food was better. I got sick of waiting in a line though after awhile and the hole thing was kind of barbaric.
3	I've been to this buffet over a dozen times over the years, mainly due to having a local family member consider Mandalay Bay their home base.  I feel like I'm always a little bit underwhelmed.  Don't get me wrong, the food is very good, but I just feel that there should be more selection.  I mean, you only have two 'hot' buffet lines, and you have some overlap between the two.  I just think that if I didn't have my familial reasons (along with the partial comp and line pass), I would probably be able to find a better buffet that is priced a little better and has more variety.  Overall three stars, if on food quality only, closer to four.
5	We bought the all day buffet pass for $39 per person. It was well worth it and saved us money. We got there for breakfast just as they were starting to take away the breakfast item and bring out lunch. Perfect because I'm not a breakfast person. All the food selections were the right temperature, and the dessert bar was smaller than I anticipated but good. The crab legs at dinner were great, they have king crab legs chilled and split and hot snow crab legs. I think that I ate more than $40 worth of crab legs. I noticed that seaweed salad is becoming more popular and showing up at Vegas buffets. That made me happy. My favorite dessert was the cheesecake. It was so light and creamy and I added strawberry sauce sauce from the toppings bar next to the soft serve. Perfection. Even my 5 year old ate her moneys worth here.
2	Meh! Double Meh! I was surprised at how uneventful this buffet was. The Manadalay Bay is one of the great hotels on the strip, but this buffet is not up to that greatness.The (dinner) food was lack luster, the service was almost non-existent, the layout is whack. Why split the food from the dessert with a large dining room?The steamed crab legs are good, the prime rib is good, but the rest of the food is just...there.There are so many better buffets for the same price. This place just doesn't have it.
4	I was staying in the Four Seasons Hotel and my GF friends wanted to have brunch at the Bayside Buffet in the Mandalay Bay Hotel.  It was cool with me since it's just down stairs for us.  The place is a bit smaller than I thought it would be.  I paid $25 for brunch.  The staff was pretty cool.  Our waiter checked up on us regularly.  There were not a huge selection of food due to the size of this place.  The food was good to me for a buffet.  I was not expecting it to be the best buffet ever.  The best food to me was the prime rib, ham, and the made to order omelette.  A decent selection of desserts and also were pretty good.  I didn't try the crab legs because it was too early in the morning for me.List of stuff I ate at the buffet -Prime rib, ham, chow mein, pork pot stickers, breakfast egg rolls, omelette, new york steak, fried chicken, scrambled eggs, watermelon, cantaloupe, garlic red potatoes, strawberries, small salad, fried rice, double chocolate cake, vanilla strawberry cake, vanilla frozen yogurt, butterfly fried shrimp, mashed potatoes, coke, OJ, water, and probably a few other items I have missed.  Yah, I am an oinker, don't hate =)One last thing, this place serves all you can drink champagne for brunch.  Good for those folks that need a bit of a picker upper in the morning.  Overall it was a positive experience for me.  The food was OK good.  You get your moneys worth at this place.Bon Apettit!
3	Mandalay Bay is going to be a good buffet if you dont want to pay a little more to get something like the caliber of the Wynn and Bellagio buffets and are looking for something that is a little more average.The selection is pretty excellent considering the amount of space they have. There is a sushi station and everything. I remember eating a ceviche style salad with little octopus legs.I ate a lot from the asian food section and was pleasantly surprised. One of the better tasting asian sections for sure. The service was good. The only thing that this buffet doesn't do that well on is desserts. I walked around and didn't see much I liked. Whatever I did grab and eat was not memorable.
3	Second stop on my trip across the country! A friend of a friend works at Mandalay Bay in Shark Reef and we decided to go do Shark Reef and then go eat at the buffet. We paid about $27 for each person, a little pricey, but totally worth it. We ate fish, snow crab legs, warm and cold; shrimp cocktail; prime rib; make your own pasta; Mexican food; tons of different options. The only real way to make up for having spent that much was the amount of crab we ate. I definitely think everyone ate $30 worth of crab. We had an awesome time with dinner and you have to do at least one buffet while in Vegas!
5	lets see.  yesterday, my wife and i decided to try the buffet at mandalay vs taking a taxi to the rio.  mind you, we stayed at the luxor and its a short walk to mandalay.  well, we arrived there at 2:40 and the buffet opened at 2:45.  PERFECT TIMING.  We were the first ones in and were seated as close to the crab as possible.  We were lucky to be the first ones in, because after we took 4-5 pieced each, the other people dining all filled thier plates with as much as they could possibly take.  the bin was gone in 3 min max.  Having dined at the luxor buffet the day before, the Mandalay was great!!  Everything had its own taste and the service was great for a buffet.  The slice of prime rib i had came right from the middle still alive!!  awsome!!!!  My wife and I were glad we didnt go all the way to the Rio because we were more than satisfied at the Mandalay Buffet and it was cheaper.  We are already looking forward to another visit when we are in vegas again.
4	For a $27/person dinner, you can be sure I went straight for crab legs, shrimp, salmon, sushi, prime rib, and seafood paella to make it worth my money.  Let's not forget the dessert station with the NY cheesecake, cakes, and ice cream, haha.  I like how they have stations where you can pay by cash or card for the buffet rather than just a line (which, in my experience, can get craaazy backed up).  The service was great; we had a group of around ten and we were constantly being given refills and our plates were taken away on a regular basis.  I liked everything I tried which is pretty rare for me at buffets.  Needless to say, I left Bayside Buffet full and satisfied... It sure gave me a little more struggle to get into my dress for Tryst! Definitely worth it though.
4	For the price, the breakfast buffet they offer is one of the better in Vegas.  While not as thematically defined as the Paris buffet or as grand as the Bellagio buffet, the selection and quality are both great.The Bayside boasts the seemingly obligatory omelet station, along with a bank of trays with fresh pastries, a pair of cold bars (with cheeses and smoked salmon) and a pair of hot bars (with eggs, sausage, bacon, starches and warm syrups).  These various offerings are spread across the dining area, which makes foot traffic throughout fairly light and organized.I liked the decor in there too, with lots of natural light bubbling in and washing over the pleasant and comfortable tables.Overall, a very solid breakfast, and one I'd be willing to repeat when I'm next in town.
4	Not a premium buffet, but there's no line and it has some good food.  I like the fried shrimp and turkey+gravy myself.  I think there's only crab for dinner though.
2	In hindsight, I really didn't like this buffet. There wasn't much of a variety in the food offerings. Eggs, bacon, fruit, cereal...eh. Everything looked tired and heat lamp scorched. There was no flavor in anything I ate. They had delicious cookies but I really didn't want to eat cookies for breakfast. I did because they were kind of the only decently tasting thing available. It's a hard knock life.The price was right but the selection was too limited for a Vegas buffet.
4	Screw the prime rib, the crab legs are where it's at!I came out here a long time ago and had one of my first Las Vegas' buffets at Mandalay Bay.  So when I came back here a while ago, I decided to try here again.  And I wasn't disappointed at all. Sure, the prices may have increased over the years, but the quality of the  food is still there in my opinion.
4	My group and I hit this buffet first during our stay at the Mandalay Bay and I enjoyed it. For the price ($25), I thought this place is almost but not quite comparable to Wynn, Rio and that sort for buffets.I thought the food here was much better quality than the Luxor Buffet. I racked up a plate of seafood more so the crab legs which were decent. I thought the breakfast was better than most places.  The ambiance was much more open especially if you sit near the window area on the backside of the buffet restaurant. The location of the dessert area was a bit deceiving as it was on the opposite side of the buffet across a middle eating area. The desserts were semi-gourmet similar to the Wynn but not quite as many offerings as Wynn's. I definitely would come back to this place if I were on this end of the strip.
3	Good food.   But not as wide of a selection as comparable to Bellagio.
2	I was not overly impressed with this buffet.While the price was good, the selections seemed really slim overall. The smoked salmon was the most memorable part of it for me as it as actually cooked/smoked salmon (not the raw sashimi style you see in most buffets). I'd never had it actually as cooked before until here.The biggest foul for me was I couldn't find the deserts. I don't know if this is because I will still drunk from the Criss Angel show or if I was just not finding it. Usually the desert area is easy to find but alas it escaped me and I went without such.Ambience wise, the place is really great if you get a window side table. It has its quality to add to the atmosphere.In the end, not an overly memorable experience. Good for a one time sit down but next time you'll probably want to hit one of the actual restaurants instead.
3	Not the biggest buffet ever, but they have a good deal of seafood and it's pretty tasty. A solid 3 star here, which would be a 4 if the price was a little lower ($26 or $20 if you do the Shark exhibit, which I did)!Check it out, but if there's a line, don't feel bad if you keep on walking.
4	Every time we come into Las Vegas and this is on a average 2 to 3 times a year we always grab one buffet.  Buffet of our choice is always Bayside if anything.  Things we like:1.  Clean2.  Food is well presented and tasty overall.3.  Price is reasonableThe hotel is absolutely nice and the buffet ambiance is open and refreshing and clean so you feel good first off.  The food in general is tasty and the service is always quick and polite. The steaks that are cut up and placed in sauce is a bit dry and I would have to give Bellagio Buffet the upper hand in that one.  The sushi isn't all that good, but most buffets in Las Vegas doesn't make it right, maybe except for Rio's Seafood Buffet.  For these reasons I won't give it a 5 star but overall presentation and taste this is my choice of buffet in Vegas.
2	Not impressed by this place, and I've been to several buffets in Vegas. It wasn't horrible, but it wasn't great. I can't say that I will come back. It was just convenient because we had watched the 4pm showing of The Lion King at Mandalay Bay. The service was horrible and the food was just mediocre. The dessert selection was sad. The prime rib is a good choice if you enjoy it...I wasn't as impressed with the cleanliness as a previous poster stated. But maybe it was because we were there for dinner around 8pm after they had a busy day? Who knows.I wish I had better things to say. Won't be going back!
4	i believe i ate three times at this buffet and I've gotta be honest it's fine by my standard. they have quite the selection from Italian, American, and Mexican cuisines. they can also cook your omelet for you if you like, but i believe it's only during breakfast hours (correct me if i'm wrong) the place is kept well, it was clean when me and my friends dined. the service was fine too, no complaints at all. the only con for me is that they ran out of food fast. i sometimes have to wait for the food that i want. definitely a spot that i would hit up if i'm around Mandalay Bay.
3	Went there for lunch.  Cost was $19.99.Now lets see ... service was good.  Everything was very clean.  There was a pasta station which is a must for me.  Though it wasn't as big as the one @ the Bellagio.  The pizza was fresh and tasty.  The meats were all pretty dry which was typical.  These was a seafood bouillabaisse that was really good.  Fried butterflied shrimp good as well.  A variety of cold seafood including ceviche and octupus and shrimp.  For dessert I had a fruit tart which was great as well.I don't know how good this place is for dinner but it was A-OK for lunch.  Didn't blow me out of the water buffet wise but it was pretty cheap.I would go there again if I was on this side of the strip.
1	We had sunday lunch here a few months ago.. I remember it like yesterday and i'd rather not. Nothing else in the Mandalay Bay appealed to me. Everything seemed so fancy and overpriced. Nothing called to me except this place. Eek. I was wrong. There were lots of meat dishes, few veggies besides the salad bar. lots of breads and even more desserts. I liked that they had sugar free options, that was nice, but neither SF nor regular desserts tasted very good, but it was pretty... just very pretty and bland. Seemed almost to have no taste? hmmm. I would not go back.  My bf went again recently but he coudlnt remember if he'd had it before..but he came home and said he'd eaten at a place that was horrible @ the Mandalay Bay. When we went to the strip recently on a fight night we parked @ Mandalay Bay b/c MGM was super packed and didnt even want to risk trying to find parking there and he recognized it like a becon in the night! "That's It!, That's the place that I ate @ that was horrible!" ....heck even Sam;s club and the Orleans had better food for much cheaper prices.
3	This buffet is pretty solid.  They don't have the GREATEST foods here but what they had exceeded my expectations.There is a great selection here.  Decent carving station, asian foods, pasta cooking station, and salads.  I really liked the corn chowder here.  It was creamy and sweet-you could really taste the corn which I really enjoyed.  I mainly had a lot of veggies here bc I was overdosing on meat the entire weekend.  I liked the bak choy in the asian station, and the green beans & tomatoes were a nice side with my breaded chicken & cheese dish.  What I liked was the pasta cooking station.  I had bow tie pasta, with shrimp, onions, mushrooms, with a combination of their alfredo sauce & tomato sauce, topped off with fresh tomatoes.  This was actually pretty good and I couldve eaten the whole bowl had it not been one of the last things I went for.  Meat was OK.  Liked their rotisserie chicken & grilled steak.Good buffet if you are staying at Mandalay.  Luckily after my meal I got to meet some beauty queens bc Miss Universe 2010 just ended.  Not a bad way to end the meal! Tangent..Sad about Miss Philippines tho hah.
4	Now jumping back to Las Vegas!  City of Sin!  (FOOD! FOOD! FOOD!)  Sometimes I do feel very guilty for eating all that food while I'm in town.... hmmmm....ok.. I'm over my guilt!  What's next?The next up is the Bayside Buffet in Mandalay bay!I'm sort of surprised by some of the so so reviews for this place because every time I've been here whether it's just 2 people or a party of 6+, we've always had great meals.  Although I can understand that buffets starts to look all the same after a while but still, you can taste if the food is done right or not and that should be the main focus of the reviews.  So here is what we've had... (it's a party of 5 this time around for lunch!)Salad:  Little disappointed this time around because they had the bomb spinach salad... it's now nowhere to be found but just make your own salad.  Oh well, that shouldn't be my main focus anyway.Pizza:  Decided to try the BBQ chicken.  Very comparable to CPK's BBQ except it doesn't have all the onions and other little veggie groups like CPK, but still it was tasty.  Hot meat section:  Unlike other buffets where eat stations are named differently, I don't recall there was a name to each of the areas but just simply a wrapped around line of food, so I'll call it the "hot meat section!"  Osso Buco was extremely tender and the flank steak was actually moist and soft!  No dry at all!  Then they had this thick piece of beef (can't recall what it was now) but it literally was so soft that by using you fork you can make it flake off from the entire piece of meat!  Everyone in the group was very much raving about this.  (I think it was part of the shank which is why it's so juicy and soft!)  Then the typical prime rib, ham, etc...Custom pasta station:  A chef is behind 4 stoves with all the toppings you would want on your pasta served with I believe 3 different sauces (Alfredo, Marinara, and olive oil)  Very fresh and delicious looking, but I passed on the carbs to move to bigger and better things... Hot Seafood Section:  Some typical Salmon, fried shrimp, steam halibut, etc.  Everything was decent and tasty, but nothing to get too crazy about except for the battered shrimp.  It was fried to perfection and each of them are XXL sized shrimp!  So you really get to have the shrimp instead of having the breading just like many other places.Ethnic food section:  For some reason wasn't too into this today.... so passed on the Chinese/Mexican/Japanese fare with the exception of having couple pieces of sushi (California roll actually tasted good with fresh rice because some of the sushi in Vegas had Costco-like rice which is really nasty.. so it's refreshing to see at least this buffet is having good rice even though it's not a sushi restaurant)Dessert section:  My only gripe about this dessert is that it didn't offer much of a ice cream selection.  However, they did have this trio of sugar-free purees (tiramisu, Hazelnut, Pastachio)  All were absolutely wonderful tasting with right amount of creaminess and right amount of aroma infused into them.... since they were small so I had like 6 of them!  LOL!  But dessert could be little better than others on the strip for a hotel such as Mandalay bay hosting this buffet.Final Verdict:  Everyone still enjoyed this buffet and again I had no complaints.  I did however had less than usual because I took many small samples of it all and wasn't too hungry at that moment..  (I'm sure you all probably thinks I'm crazy now!  LOL!  Like.. what's up with this guy?  Does he have an endless stomach talkin' about that's not much food?  LOL!)  But Bayside Buffet is still one of the more enjoyable buffets on the strip if you ask me!  (Also, while you are at the casino, make sure you take a nice deep breath of coconut air!  Just stay away from the more smoky part of the casino.  It's actually pretty refreshing!)
4	Pleasantly surprised at this buffet! We got the all-day deal for about $38 drinks except liquor included. All the MGM places have that good deal while Harrah's has the all 24 all u can eat thing. But considering we were staying at Luxor, far from everything, and that the reviews were bad for that buffet, we didn't mind the walk and the extra $8 for Mandalay.Breakfast: To our suprise, we came here the week before Miss Universe and all the contestants were eating breakfast. All the guys in our group were happy. Selection was good. It was def a brunch as well. Fresh fruits, antipasto, and all those cold selections. Crusted salmon was good. Basics like sausage, pancakes, eggs were there along with flavored crepes and pancakes. Cottage cheese crepes were good. They was also a italian and carving station. Overall, pretty satified. Lunch: Miss Universe contestants were there again. Happy campers to all. Food was good. Pretty standard buffet fair for lunch but it was good. They have sushi, not spectacular but if you need a decent sushi fix.. it'll do.Now for Dinner: PRIME RIB is a must. And everyone in our party agrees, it is def worth it for the prime rib alone. No miss universe here tho. haha. The salmon was there again. So i was happy along with the usual basics. Italian, chinese, and mexican buffet items. For ME though, the dessert section on the right side was so worth it. Many cakes, tarts, cookies, and cobblers to give you a sugar rush. Also cute sugar free items that tasted pretty good. Overall, you def get your money's worth. I don't know if it's b/c miss universe was there but I would go back to mandalay bay again.
4	This is a breakfast review.Tasty omelets (although the omelet chef is a tad gruff), horrid coffee, and we breezed right in at 7:30am.
2	We recently visited Bayside for a late breakfast, early lunch. The food was a mixture of both, so I can only assume they were in the process of changing over. The line wasnt bad and I liked the electronic payment kiosks. I was unimpressed with the selection of food, but soldiered on nonetheless. I had pizza, flank steak, biscuits and gravy and chilaquiles. The pizza and flank steak were good, everything else was just, ehh.This leads me to believe that the lunch and dinner selection may be better, but that is only an assumption. The service was okay, our waiter never came back to our table after bringing us our first round of drinks. As good as most Vegas buffets are, I expected more from the Mandalay Bay.
4	Ate here a few times for breakfast and dinner during my stay here.  Overall, not bad, but the Wynn still holds the key to my heart in the buffet world.There was never a wait during the times I went, however, I did go later for each meal, 10am for breakfast and 8pm for dinner.The food was all very fresh, mainly because of the volume of people that travel through the place.  The price was very reasonable, $16 for breakfast and $27 for dinner.  The service was good, always keeping the drinks filled.The omelette station ALWAYS had a line there.  I never got one because of it.  That was a downer, but the prime rib they had sitting out because of the lunch changeover satisfied me enough.
4	Nothing bad to say about Bayside. The payment kiosks are convenient and easy to use. The wait in line is very short. The wait staff was on top of things and was on point with refreshing drinks. I went for a late breakfast / early lunch so I got to sample a little of both. They had some flank steak out which was delicious and I have to mention the watermelon. Bayside had some of the juiciest most flavorful watermelon I've ever had. The only knock is the omelet line. Obviously a very popular station, so if you really want one you are going to have to wait.
4	Dinner Buffet:  This is one of my favorite buffets in town.  It's small, but good.  I love their crab legs, meatballs, the salmon was really good.  I was really surprised, really moist.  I like that the lines generally aren't too long.  I've only been to dinner, always go when my parents come into town.
4	Came here for a free lunch at about 11am. There was both breakfast and lunch food available. No line to get in. Quick seating. Friendly staff. Huge pieces of tender and juicy prime rib, smooth and not too salty mashed potatoes, savory beef gravy, brussels sprouts, soft and creamy small cheesecakes for dessert. A really good meal. The only thing I missed was some shrimp as an appetizer.
3	For what it is; it is do able; but rather go for something simple next time. Prime rib, yuck; other dishes were decent. now writing this , I think two stars would be better. Watched a worker dust the dust back into the food. oman.
2	Ok, I'm just going to cut to the chase on this one... The review is based on Sunday Brunch only. PROS: 1. The wait isn't bad. The line isn't that long and moves well. 2. Not quite as expensive as the buffets in comparable Hotels (Paris, Planet Hollywood, Aria). 3. The food itself wasn't too bad. CONS: 1. Organization - possibly the worst laid-out buffet I have ever seen. No obvious organization. Lots of confusion. 2. The choices seem a bit limited compared to the above mentioned comparable buffets. 3. The lines for the made to order omelet station moved VERY slow. And, your choice of omelet fillings were very limited. 4. Even for a buffet service was poor. Bottom line: If you are staying here it's convenient. If not, no reason to make the hike to the extreme south strip.
3	So no Vegas trip is complete without a trip to a Buffet!  We came here on Friday morning as were leaving for home.  There was no line to get in which was surprising.  We paid at a self service kiosk but if you didn't want to do that you could pay a cashier.We got a nice seat by the window and were promptly brought out our coffee and orange juice.  The breakfast selection was O.K.  They could have had some more egg options and potato and/or hashbrown options as well.We hit up the omelette station and they guy manning the station did such an incredible job we gave him a tip.  I also found a nice salad bar too and made a nice salad and the fruit selection was really good too.Overall, it's just your standard buffet with some good choices...nothing too special but I would go back again.  It was a fair price at $14.99 per person.
3	Free with my room I made the all day buffet my bitch by eating my weight in crab legs... It's not the Wynn buffett, but seriously, what is?  It also doesn't cost as much.  I wouldn't go out of your way to eat here, but if you get a deal and aren't expecting haute cuisine, it's not terrible.
4	If there is something I can say about the Bayside Buffet its STEAK TIPS. The steak tips are a must try! Also there is an auto pay system so no more long lines!
3	Awesome. Not too pricey and the food is good. Grab legs are all way to rubbery. Takes forever to get the grab meat out. Decent for a Vegas Buffet.
5	All I can say is WOW!  The hot food, salad bar, King Crab Legs, dessert and service was just amazing, compared to most of the buffets in Las Vegas.  Only other buffet I'd give a thumbs up would be the Bellagio, but that's for special occasions when I visit.  I tend to judge buffets by how my stomach feels afterwards (I'm sure everyone does too.....) and the Mandalay Bay Bayside Buffet never gave my body a reason to rebel because all the food and ingredients were fresh and overall cleanliness was excellent! Only thing that disrupted a nice buffet dinner was a well dressed family that snuck in and hijacked a vacant table, while pretending the dirty dishes were theirs, but luckily the server remembered who left and had security escort the free loaders away..... Thanks to the Mandalay Bay for providing hungry travelers and gamblers with one of the best buffets on the Strip!
3	When in Vegas... do buffets. I tried... but to no avail. This was the token buffet spot that I managed to check out this time around and it was eh.It was a Friday night... tired and desperate for food - this was our last resort.It was 8:30ish so the crowd was gone. Or maybe it was just a bad buffet? We got seated right away... server asked for our drinks... and we went to town. Mind you, the last time I had buffet was at a cruise ship and it was weird being in a buffet setting that looked so much like a cruise ship (did that make sense?)Anyway, I guess I wasn't in my buffet zone b/c I hardly ate anything. I had two pieces of braised beef (which was decent... tender and right flavoring), string beans with mushrooms and steamed rice (it was hard so that was eh...)I walked around waiting for food items to scream at me... "pick me pick me" but failed. I did go to the dessert bar and even that was eh. It was good, but not WOW. Overall, I guess once you've had the best of buffets from the Bellagio and Wynn... there's no going back.Go here if your desperate liked us... but if you have time, energy and money to go to the Bellagio and Wynn... really... go there.PS: service was prompt and friendly... no complaints there.
4	Bayside Buffet at Mandalay Bay is another buffet I like. Its a nice buffet w/ good quality food, nothing too fancy. I  Heard Breakfast is really good, but only went for dinner. Good carving station (Prime rib, Turkey, sausage etc), good selection of foods (pretty big) -like steak/pork, crab legs and other seafood items. Dessert area is pretty good too. Place is a nice, clean,  wide open place.
3	I went to this buffet with my family on Friday afternoon around 1pm. There was no one in line... that should have been my first sign to walk away and try something else... but we had been here before and it wasn't that bad.The prime rib, cold crab legs, and hot crab legs are the star of this buffet. Other than that, there isn't much that is tasty. I liked the beef empanadas, but they were a little too salty. The shrimp tempura was good, but tasted exactly like the kind you can buy from Costco. The desserts area was lacking, but they do have very tasty cookies... especially the one with white chocolate and cranberries! I also really enjoyed the vanilla sauce with the bread pudding.The service was ok. Our plates stacked up with 3 or 4 dishes before being taken away, but our drinks were brought out and refilled in a timely manner. I wouldn't suggest coming here if you are only going to go to one vegas buffet during your trip. But it's not bad, it's just not as good as the Bellagio or Wynn Buffets.
4	I'm not usually a buffet fan, but even I liked this one.  Some friends and I went here for brunch, and we left full and happy.  It's at the Mandalay Bay, so you can go in with expectations that it will be high quality.  There is a large selection, and you can bet that there is something for everyone.  They have a great dessert selection (for those with a sweet tooth), a lot of fruit (for the health nuts), and just enough greasy food (for those with a hangover).  I don't eat very much in general, so I typically do not get my money's worth at a buffet.  I'm not positive this time either, but I still feel like it was worth it.
2	Since we were staying at Mandalay Bay, we decided to try the buffet on our second morning.The food was mediocre at best. Nothing we had really stood out as being spectacular.My advice, skip the buffet and go to Raffles cafe instead. It's much better.
3	A bit pricy.  Food is ok though. Pretty average for a Vegas buffet.  Crab legs are always a pleasure.   Could not find any mashed potato.  Desserts a bit above average for a buffet.
4	I've started coming here since a few years ago for dinner. Great prime rib, good variety of seafood, and excellent dessert.The rest of the food is above average, but nothing really memorable. All in all, this Bayside Buffet is pretty good for its price.
2	Not stellar, just meh. Quality has gone down in the past years. But then again, all of the buffets on the strip have gone down (economy?).The buffet at Mandalay Bay is probably on the lower tier of buffets compared to the Wynn and Bellagio. They made a addition of having both snow and king crab legs, which is always a plus in my book. The snow crab was a pain to crack though, the shell was very soft. Then again, I'm not really adept at opening crab legs. The king crab legs lacked the sweetness and briney flavor of good king crab legs.The rest of the dishes were all forgettable. They had a Mexican, Americanized Chinese, "Spanish", and some really poorly done American foods. Throwaway junk food basically. All the vegetables were cooked to death (mush and brown). They were sitting in the holding cambros for too long (trust, I work in food service and this always happens when they cook the vegetables too early and hold it in a hotbox for too long).The filet and prime rib were decently cooked, not the best, but they weren't rubbery like some other places. The proteins lacked seasoning.All and all, go to the Wynn or Bellagio buffet, which my opinion are way better than most of the buffets on the strip. P.S. they really downsized their selection on deserts, the selection is meager compared to the full gelato bar and bakery of the Wynn buffet.
2	Stayed at Mandalay for Christmas.  We had 16 family members there.  So many people we were limited on the choices of restaurants so we ate here.  Luckily my sister (casino invite cust.) got us thru without waiting in the 1.5 hr line.  Where to begin.... the fried shrimp-bad, prime rib-salty, ham-fair, crab legs were oka-not too salty.  There was nothing to eat, the spread was thin.  Disappointed...
5	on every trip to vegas i HAVE to do at least one buffet!this past holiday weekend i went to the bayside buffet at the mandalay! we stayed at the four seasons at the top of the mandalay so we decided to just go downstairs and grab a quick dinner. the line was long but that was expected-- no surprise there. however they do have these really cool walk up payment machines that allow you to purchase your buffet with card or cash. pretty cool-- except for the fact that you still had to wait in line with the other folks that were paying at the register-- kind of lame. like whats the point? oh wells, the buffet price for adults was around 30 something and i felt that it was worth it. the service was fast with drinks and the place was pretty clean for the amount of people running around in that place. a hot carving station with prime rib and turkey, a "make your own" pasta bar, crab legs and shrimp galore were the MVPs of this buffet. i know i know, youre probably thinking "of course the asian girl would point out that there was tons of seafood"-- haha yeah dont act like you havent been to a buffet in las vegas and havent seen the groups of asians with a plate in each hand full of shellfish. usually im not a huge seafood person-- like five shrimp and im good, but this weekend i lived up to the stereotype. the only difference is that i wasnt pushy, sneezing over the food or cutting in the buffet line, na mean?
2	Pretty basic/average. Decided to hit at least one buffet before heading back home and this was the most convenient.There were electronic pay machines, but you still need to wait in line. Not sure what the purpose of this really was since you still need to bypass the cashier anyways. Took us 30 mins to get thru the line. It was still breakfast time, but as soon as we sat, they began serving lunch items. COOL!!!Service was great and plates were picked up timely. There was a variety of foods items avail and I ended up getting three plates. One with breakfast items, meat items, and desserts (fruits, tarts and chocolate).Omelet station was great, but a bit slow. There was a long line, but the guy was awesome and very friendly. Overall, ehhhh buffet... It was convenient... $40 with tip...
3	I like the place, but the dessert is not as good as the other buffets. The selection also leaves a lot to be desired. However, if you like crab meat, this place is excellent. There is also a shorter wait. The people who work here are fast and efficient. Very good crabs, excellent fried shrimp. Excellent short ribs. Good fried noodles. There is also a person who cooks your pasta. Overall I have a positive view.
3	Is it me or does the set up and decor remind you of a Soup Plantation? I'll leave it at that and let you come to your own conclusion about the food and service here.
3	pretty good... lots of beautiful women
3	This buffet...in the land of buffets....is pretty standard. Hubby and I were able to walk in and be seated fairly quickly for dinner. The dishes they had weren't bad...but nothing really stuck out either. The carved station featured both prime rib and turkey. The prime rib was a bit overdone for my tastes...but it didn't have bad flavor. The turkey was pretty good and the hubby really loves turkey. (He was deprived turkey as a kid at Thanksgiving and other holidays...as his family doesn't like it, so he goes ga-ga for turkey) They did have king crab legs as well as snow crab...I of course went for the king crab and he surprised me and went for the snow crab. The king crab legs were kind of mushy...and just not very flavorful...kind of a bummer for me. He was busy cracking away at his snow crab...and offered me a bite of it. Wow...stand out of the evening! I shamelessly ditched my sad, tasteless plate of king crab legs...and bee-lined it to the snow crab. So sweet, so flavorful...really melt in your mouth goodness in a shell. After indulging in more snow crab than I probably should have, we perused the dessert section. They offered a ton of items including sugar free items...sadly nothing was remarkable. Service was kind of a miss for us that night. At first the hubby ordered pineapple juice and water...he got his water.....and it took 3 times of us asking for the pineapple juice before it finally arrived. I sat with empty water and soda for a while...but we noticed our poor server had the party from hell...(20 top.....with 15 kids) So we definitely cut him major slack for that and once we got refills and the pineapple juice the service kind of picked up...plates removed promptly enough given the circumstance. All in all it was just "a-ok" with only a few dishes being good-great and the rest kind of ....in the middle. I don't think we would return to this buffet only because the vast amount of food in Vegas...but it was cheap eats and a nice time with my guy.
4	Had brunch here and wasn't really expecting much. But dude was I surprised! First of all, the waiter gave us free champagne with free refills which my dad and I quickly capitalized on. Getting buzzed with dad yields some fine quality father-son time indeed!Onwards to brunch. The selection was pretty standard fare. Some pretty neat create-your-own pasta selections. Was very impressed with the squid pasta. Had a very potent taste and at the same time was very delicate and fresh like seafood should be. My dad single-handedly destroyed Mandalay Bay's supply of crab legs as that is his absolute favorite food.I think the highlight of the visit had to be the MOUNTAIN OF BACON. Yes. In the breakfast area, there was a heaping pile of bacon sitting under a heat lamp. I kid you not. Never before in my life had I ever seen such an unquantifiable amount of bacon ever. I think my heart melted from the sight... and then had its arteries subsequently clogged because SO MUCH BACON MMMMM.Also had a couple bagels, very cold and creamy cream cheese with that, and handfuls of smoked salmon. Awesome treats. I'd give this buffet 5 stars if it weren't for the desserts. Bloody hell, those desserts were outrageously bad. Had to spit a good majority of them out. Most of them failed to rise above supermarket freezer standards. It feels like such a wasted opportunity.People always seem to complain about the heavy price that comes with these buffets because they always seem to forget that these places are all-you-can-eat! If you feel you're being cheated, just grab another plate! It's a buffet after all so eat your fill! If you're not hungry, then why are you even at the all-you-can-eat buffet!? Go eat your girly salad elsewhere! =PAnyways, it's definitely not the best buffet in Vegas. Check out Bellagio or Wynn for that kind of fine dining and whatnot. But if you're in the area and you're unwilling to drive to the center of the Strip in that hectic traffic, Bayside Buffet's definitely worth a look! (at least for brunch)
2	Not very good. Went for lunch and didnt really like any of the food too much. Tried seafood, chinese, salads, breads. Chicken Kiev was ok. Desserts were of a higher quality than the food, not too bad. Service was weak even for a buffet. Unpleasant staff sat us and cleared trays.
2	The restaurant has an unusual practice of letting the world see how much you tip.  You pay when you enter, and after I paid, the cashier wrote the amount of my tip (determined before we sat down) on a receipt in huge black letters with a sharpie.  Then they walked us to the table and left the slip on the table to be collected by our server when she arrived with the tip prominently displayed.  It left the impression that you had better leave a big tip in advance in order to get good service and/or if you leave a bad tip, everybody will know.  For the record, we left exactly 15%.  When I questioned them, they were very defensive and condescending.  Despite the poor start, the food was good and our server was great (and we left an appropriate additional tip).
3	Mandalay Bay's buffet introduces nothing new or spectacular. The reason I chose this buffet was because I was staying at the Mandalay Bay and it was cheap and convenient, plus I got to use my express comps to get a free meal. This is just your run-of-the-mill buffet that is on par with the Le Village Buffet at Paris and the Carnival Buffet at the Rio, only not as big in selection and price. For $25 you can get a brunch buffet on the weekends, and brunch is my favorite time for a buffet. You get free champaign and there are endless crab legs, shrimp cocktail, and prime rib. So by eating those 3 and drinking champaign, you more than get your money's worth, and you don't have to leave the buffet feeling overfed and gross. The desserts aren't nearly as fancy as the ones at the Wynn and Bellagio buffets, but those are in another class all by themselves.There wasn't a line to get into the buffet, but there was a pretty big line at the customized omelette station and the breakfast station as well so try to either get there before 10am or after 12pm to avoid crowds. The buffet also has a great view of the pool- to make you feel even more like a fatass compared to the beautiful bodied sunbathers. Definitely not one of the best, but it is better than average, so check it out if you happen to be in the area.
2	Overpriced rip off. Its bad enough that they charge $25 for an average weekend lunch buffet, but to throw you out at 3 pm is totally ludicrous.
3	Will keep this short.  Back from 3 days and nights of Super Bowl  carousing in Vegas, seems like we wind up doing 2 buffets a day when I am with the guys.  We hit Bellagio, Paris and Mandalay Bay buffets.  All I can say is this one can be missed.  Two stars for the food, one star for Lena, a beautiful waitress who was the best I have ever encountered at a buffet.  Attentive to every need, kept it all moving, plates cleared, always asking what we needed, why is she even working there. I digress, skip this buffet and head for Paris buffet.
4	STUFFED! Just ate a ton of breakfast buffet at the Bayside Buffet here at the Magnificent Mandalay Bay in Fabulous Las Vegas, Nevada. (yes I am trying to sound like one of those Vegas announcers)I am staying for a week at this hotel room that is bigger and nicer than my Studio apartment in Chicago. This is a Vacation. I think if this room were an apartment in chicago it would be pushing 2 grand a month. As soon as some of this food wears off I am going to jump in the Jacuzzi Tub for another Jacuzzi tub bath. Ahhhhhhhhhhh.... I must have a Jacuzzi tub with my next apartment. MUST - like a big one too. Or at least live in a building with a Hot-Tub. That is what Florida did to me - made me realize priorities in life; and one of those priorities is having a Hot tub. I didn't realize how important a priority it was until I had one, then didn't have one, then had one again. Speaking of priorities; I got this really cool compliment on yelp today. Someone wrote:"I know you must have a lot of other commitments and social activities that take away time from your Yelp reviews but I can't take it anymore...you have to write another review. It's like coffee in the morning and I've started getting headaches from your absence so please think of the little guys and prioritize!" That's a really cool compliment to get.  Makes me want to write on yelp again.  I stopped writing cuz I got pissed at yelp for something; but I suppose yelp can be like a girlfriend.  You love them and then they do something stupid that pisses you off, but then after a while you realize that's part of what makes them women (or yelp) in the first place and you just kinda have to take it with kids gloves.  Because, later, when you look back at it you will realize how ridiculous it was in the first place - and wonder why you got mad.  And of course this is part of why I love women.So I suppose I will be yelping again...  Maybe.  Typical Yelp.
3	Food is good but too one directional. If you eat here a few days in a row you find yourself staring at the food not knowing what to pick cause it's the same ;-/I guess better variety is what needs to be added but the food is great. The deserts are even better! So you will leave happy ;)The one thing that stands out here at the bayside buffet is their service. The waiters/waitresses are very nice.
4	Mandalay Bay's Bayside Buffet was my first Vegas buffet ever back in 2004.  Eversince then, I've been to the Carnival buffet at Rio, Wynn buffet, Mirrage buffet and many other buffets and was very disappointed that I was not able to enjoy buffets anymore :(  I came back to Bayside Buffet this past weekend and they did not fail me!  I loved it :D  They may not have much of a selection, but Bayside is quality over quantity.  They don't serve crap just to have a huge selection.  Besides, when there are too much to choose from, I get too overwhelmed.I loved their oxtail and braised beef.  And of course shrimp cocktail and crab legs :)
4	Of the various buffets I have had in Las Vegas I would say Mandalay Bay ranks amongst the top! The variety is incredible and they are good about replenishing items that start to run low. The services is probably the best out of the multitude of buffets I have been to. The atmosphere is nice and the wait never seems too long. Just thinking about all the delicious food I have eaten there I am now hungry again...
4	I ate at this buffet on 3/20-3/21 for dinner and brunch. Basically all the food was on point, and they had all types to offer for dinner. I had steak chops, potatoes, shrimp Alfredo pasta, coconut shrimp and crabs legs. I splurged lol! I also enjoyed the brunch, tons of choices but i stuck with the omelette, french toast, corn beef hash, and has browns. It is on the expensive side, but the food is worth the price you pay. Come Hungry and give yourself plenty of time to rest after smashing down that food !
4	This was my first Vegas buffet ever and I must say that I loved it!  The atmosphere was great and the view of "The Beach" pool was awesome.  The service was really good and our waitress kept up to speed with our party of seven.  I also loved the payment option, which was by touch screen computers.  We went around 2 p.m. so we didn't have a wait and it definitely wasn't crowded!I loved all the different options on the buffet.  They ranged from American to Asian to Mexican and all the in-betweens.  Their salad buffet was pretty decent and fresh.  And I absolutely loved their made to order pasta bar.  Delicious!Now, on to my favorite!  The dessert bar was great!  Ice cream, cakes, cookies, cheesecakes and so much more!  It was all very delicious!  This is a must must must in Vegas!  I will definitely return here when I come back to Vegas.  Hopefully I will staying at Mandalay Bay instead of Flamingo anyway :)
2	Was not blown away.  Won't be back.Pizza was the best thing there.  It was just a run of the mill vegas buffet.
2	I was staying at THEhotel at the Mandalay Bay with my parents, and we had lunch at the Bayside Buffet.This buffet was lacking in a lot of things. Very limited selection. The steak, while looking like it was cooked nicely rare, it was tough. I'm trying to think of what I did like.. Yeah, there wasn't a whole lot to like. I didn't get sick, so that's good.Oh, funny story. My brother got raspberry iced tea. It had the normal amount of ice to begin with. When the waiter came by to refill his drink, he added a bunch of ice. My brother and I started laughing a little. He finished what he did have, and while waiting for another refill, we joked that the next refill would fill the glass entirely with ice. Well, that exact scenario happened. We lost our sh*t laughing.
5	this was the first buffet in vegas i've tried and its very good! their prime rib was cooked perfectly and the au jus sauce went very well with it. crab legs were very good here too. not too salty. they have a wide selection of foods like all the other buffets but i think this one ranks near the top besides bellagio's buffet. great service here and i remember once they had these cranberry oatmeal cookies which was hella bomb! they didnt have it the second time i went which sucked HAHA
2	The Mandalay buffet has gone downhill since I first went here many years ago.  It was once a grand seafood buffet with abundant alaskan crab.  Now its just kinda sorry.  The line for the crab is super long and everyone is waiting for the small stash of crab legs that the staff slowly (strategically) stocks.The primerib was salty and tasted like one of those "cured" wrapped primeribs you get at the supermarket.  The naan bread was more like pita bread, hard and crunchy.  The only things worth getting here was the salmon, pizza, and watermelon.  Unfortunately, thats not why I go to Vegas buffets.  Good thing the entire buffet was comped or else I would have been more upset.
1	Ok this is how it is. We were hungry and happened to be at Mandalay Bay so we decided this was the spot. Vegas is known for its excellent buffets well lemme tell ya this one is far from excellent. ALL the food looks soooo pretty so much so your afraid to eat it, but then you do and you have NEVER been more disappointed by an overpriced meal that you waited an 1 hr to get your hungry lil hands on. The food was so bland, even the desserts lacked flavor! YUCK I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE AT ALL!
4	I was pleasantly suprised with this buffet...it's not as popular as some others but I think it is a good choice for breakfast at least- which is what my review is based on. I really only like breakfast buffets anyway..and there's only so much you can do with breakfast. As long as a place has good bacon, I'm sold. I think Bayside's spread was only slightly less impressive then Bellagio's breakfast spread (Bellagio has more varieties of smoked fish). One thing that ticked me off was when they started changing over to lunch at 10:30. 10:30! They couldn't wait at least til 10:50? Who wants meatballs and chicken quesidillas at 10:30?!
5	This buffet is the best buffet by far. Great service, fresh food, great atmosphere are the reasons why it is good. The pasta station makes their pasta fresh and right in front of you. There is a wide variety of food to choose from. I would recommend this buffet to people who have families or couples who want to eat something for lunch or dinner.
2	I hate giving this place 2 stars, because the service was fair, and friendly and really, that's what it should be based on (being a buffet)But the food was so mediocre, it was almost offensive for the price... Spending almost $30 a person kinda offends me if you're trying to be a high end buffet, while cutting costs.. The crab meat I had was over cooked and incredibly salty, the game hens they served were wrapped in an inedible paper, which soaked the juices (seriously... Use foil or plastic wrap...) - the stuffing was bad... Dry and gross... Roasted Chicken was over cooked.  I refused the Prime Rib, noticing how dry it looked...Just not a good experience... I suppose it'd be OK if you were on a budget, but, I just don't understand going to Vegas on a Budget... Whatever happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas - Including your money - this place is a prime example of why you're money doesn't leave this city.
3	I dined here last Saturday during lunch and paid about $43 for two people. They have a lot of food choices, although I would rate the taste of all the dishes I tried as a MEH. They did refill the sodas and waters on a consistent basis and the staff was pleasant and professional. I think I enjoyed the desserts the best; Everything I tried was good. My favorite was the coconut and pudding concoction.
2	Would be nice if the hotel had separate line for guests staying at the hotel.Even nicer if workers came out and asked if people were purchasing all day pass, regular tickets or hotel guests...Tried it twice here. Brunch and Dinner. For breakfast I liked the lox and fruits. Other than that everything was a typical breakfast buffet (pancakes, eggs, bacon....plus long lines. When they changed it to lunch menu, which was behind their schedule, they had a vege station and on the other side meat, poultry, soups, salads etc. It was limited selection. We got to sit towards the back "wooden glass room" where sunlight was good and view of a pool was available. Dinner looked the same as brunch menu with the exception of crabs: snow crab legs or pre-cut crab legs. Along with the salmon I tasted I only had the crabs to eat. This time we were seated in the room towards the entrance. I noticed after awhile that this room had the loud crying kids, asians and latino's. If another party left and was seated it was the same race as the previous... and the help here were busy like crazy Just 2 ladies for the whole room. They served and bussed the tables, unlike the nicer rooms.As for satisfying your sweet tooth. If you don't like dark Chocolate, good luck. 90% of their desserts contain dark chocolate + one dry looking carrot cake. So I just left with some vanilla chocolate ice cream from the machine in a waffle cone.After comparing where we were seated I can say that the people towards the front of the entrance have more work than the people towards the glass window area towards the back. The atmosphere changes as well from a Denny's room to a Tommy Bahamas room as you walk further towards the glass rooms. With that I guess if you know how they try to distinguish guests.We have enjoyed other buffets than this place. They can do way better for the price that you pay to stay here.
2	Where do i start ? Prepackaged pancakes or frozen french toast triangles.maybe its best to start at the mug of mud... I mean coffee. After dropping 40$ for my wife and i we were very disappointed and shocked at how subpar this breakfast buffet was. food quality is what i'd imagine prison food tastes like. The 2 stars are for the delicious orange juice(after the waiter finally brought it to us) along with the delicious bacon. I highly recommend any fastfood joint over this place. Im not sure how lunch or dinner is but luckily wont have to find out.
2	I went last Friday for lunch and maybe I came on the wrong day, because I wasn't that impressed. It might've been that I was hoping to catch the tail end of brunch, because after a fun night out breakfast sounded like the best idea ever, but all that was there was a interesting mix of indian, asian, and some american dishes. However, I still managed to eat the food, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. The prime rib was pretty good, but it's pretty hard to go wrong with that.If you can avoid this place, you should--there's a lot of other buffets in Vegas that are better.
5	Went here twice for breakfast -- huge variety and quite tasty!  Almost all buffets I've been to have bland and boring food since they have to mass produce the dishes.  This one was delicious!  Highly recommend!
4	This was my first vegas buffet spot many moons ago which made me come back once more. Their sunday bottomless mimosas are always a fave. Their dessert choices weren't as varied as MGM's but their entrees were OMGSOGOODIWANNAGOBACKFORSECONDS good. The downside, the wait can get to be RIDICULOUSLY long!
3	If you're hungry and you're hungry? Eat here. It was late. We were hungry and were, well, in a hurry to eat. Didn't want to wait somewhere to sit and order and wait some more. I'd probably order a salad for the same price anyway thanks to ALL the overpriced Vegas food. This way I got  to eat what I wanted and had my coffee and cake too! I would never plan it this way though. Bellagio buffet is where my heat is.
2	This place was recommended to me by my family members.  I was expecting a pretty good buffet.  I was not impressed at all.  The steak was decent, but was really only good when drenched with the au jus.  Other meat items were dry and if you have a dairy allergy good luck finding a starch; the only one I could find was white rice.The service was decent and by that i mean dirty plates were picked up in a timely manner and refills were fast on drinks.I'd probably skip this one when considering a buffet in Vegas.  But from what I'm told if you like seafood this is the buffet to be, but i don't see it.
2	Pretty whack for a Vegas buffet.  We decided to have dinner here before the Lion King show and were very disappointed.  This is no Wynn buffet.  It did have some good like the pizza, cold shrimp and bbq ribs.  The bad was the crab, tough and desserts were so boring and bland.  The only stand out was the tiramisu.  I did like that they have self pay machines, a quick swipe of your credit card and you're on your way... Also the service was nice and on point.  Sadly I can't say I'd ever come here again.
3	Food = good. Desserts = blech. They don't have a lot of selection like the bigger buffets at other hotels like Rio or Bellagio. It'll be good to go maybe once or twice during your trip. Our deal was free all day passes with our hotel reservation. So we ate at the buffet 4 times and were all buffet-ed out after that. The service was awesome although they need to organize themselves a bit to make the lines go faster when you pay. The selection of food might have been small but everything was well made. Crab legs were awesome as well as the braised oxtail, stuffed pasta shells, beef tamales, posole...etc. etc. The only food that tasted bad was the sushi because it was cold like pre-made market sushi. Tried the desserts and have to say that nothing was worth getting seconds for...except for the chocolate chip cookies.
4	Definetly not a typical buffet that you would go to in boring Ohio. This was the only buffet I went to in Vegas but I was duly impressed. A huge selection of food and all of it was rather good. Especially the prime rib, I recommend you check that out. I went around 11 so it was still breakfast and some lunch. Kind of pricy though..I think I paid around $20? But the server was very friendly and funny.
5	We eat here often when were in Vegas since it's consistently good and close to where we usually stay. Today's lunch may have been my favorite visit so far.The fruit/veggies were so fresh. They had orange chicken, BBQ short ribs and sliced sirloin steak that was amazing! I alwas love their carrot cake and my partner is obsessed with their cookies.Keep in mind they are cheaper by $6 for lunch m-f. Sat and Sunday's it becomes $25. M-f lunch is currently $19.
3	I would probably give it 3 1/2 stars because are waiter was really attentive and replenished our drinks when we were empty. Like any buffets, there are some great parts and some really crappy parts. The salad bar, which seemed rarely touched was great. The vegetables were crisp and you could pretty much make any salad imaginable with all the ingredients. The pizza I never touched, it looked good, but I didn't pay $29 including tax to nosh on pizza. The highlight of the buffet were probably the crab legs and the prime rib. Who doesn't love prime rib? Definitely a lot of carnivore options! The stuffed chicken was pretty good as well as sides such as mashed potatoes and gravy. The short ribs were succulent. The Asian/Indian part of the buffet was pretty pathetic, and untouched.As was the spanish/mexican part of the buffet. Sorry looking beans, tikka masala, paella etc. I probably wouldn't go back. They have some table by the window to look out side or more comfortable booths. The desserts weren't all that great looking, I had a fabulous chocolate cookie, but otherwise. If it weren't for the delicious prime rib and great service it would be 2 stars.
4	This was a very pleasant place for weekday breakfast and lunch ( 2 separate days). Both times our waitresses were exceptionally pleasant and attentive. Unlike the preoccupied parents of young children who ripped and ran through the room the day I visited. Good selections, with wonderful fruits, omelet station and apple crepes for breakfast. I lvoed the warm Pecan Syrup!!  I'd recommend this if you are on the South Strip, much better than the buffet at the Luxor.
4	If you're looking for a great seafood buffet look no further! Best buffet in LV hands down. Me and my friends lost count of how many plates of crab legs we ate lol. Crab legs and prime rib were great to say the least. Didn't give it 5 stars because its still a buffet after all.
3	Normally, I'm not too keen on buffets and their self serve style but we decided to finally be gluttonous after limiting ourselves to one fatty meal per day. Typical Vegas: too much to do, not enough time. $30.00 per person. Yeah, I thought it was pricey too. We were seated towards the back with a view of the pool. Clean, open space, not too crowded - it was perfect. Love:- prime rib- mashed potatoes/gravy- pickeled seaweed- pasta by request (penne with creme sauce, mushrooms, onions and shrimp)- asparagus/mushrooms- garlic spinachLike:- tilapia- fried dumpling- bagel with lox and cream cheese (super fishy)- salad bar- meatball with marinara sauce- grilled chicken breast - Vanilla yogurt with warm strawberriesEhhh:- sushi (should have listened to myself)- corn soup - hard bread- shrimp/cocktail sauceFor $30.00, best believe I made sure I got my money's worth. I nibbled on mostly everything besides the prime rib, salad and pasta, which were by far my favorite. I would highly recommend skipping sushi because we all know better. This buffet also offers Indian and a wider variety of Mexican, however it just didn't look appetizing enough to try. Service was great. Mauricio was on top of us and our table was constantly being bussed. Overall, we really enjoyed this meal since we don't normally splurge like this at home.
3	Good buffet and I don't do buffets. Plenty of variety, the prime rib was perfectly seasoned and the cook working the omelet bar knew what he was doing. In my opinion the only room for improvement would be the desserts, I didn't have anything that wow-ed me.
3	This is a very nice dining area in comparison to some of the strip buffets, but as far as quality, well, lets break it down so the yelp peeps can understand.Pros:1. Our server Ann was great. With her shout out to Hong Kong, and her constant smile with sense of humor, she was awesome.2. The prime rib was exactly that, prime rib. No need for sauce, or any condiments. It was great as is. Awesome flavor.3. The Asian salad was tasty and fresh. Cons:1. The flank steak was as dry as sandpaper used to clean up a Vegas strip2. Dessert options were limited.Overall it was ok, we got our grub on, but was disappointed.Oh ya, We planked there too! On one of the tables.
4	The Sunday Champagne Brunch was good. Unlimited champagne for an extra $5. I think I ate my weight in crab legs too. My friends and I also enjoyed the desserts. There's not as much selection as some of the other hotels, but it is less expensive. The self pay machines at the front are simple and fast. And I liked that there wasn't an awful line for brunch. It goes until 2:30. I haven't gone here any other times, but it was a good brunch. Tip, ask for a table in the corner by some of the big windows if you want a nice view while you eat.
2	was disappointed that the brunch was $28 and didn't have anything that was tasty.  since we were staying at mandalay it was an easy choice but i wouldn't come back even if i did stay there again.
2	Few years ago I was there before. It was good w/ lots of choices and appropriate quality.This time (Sunday morning champagne brunch) it was not really good (which is a nice saying for being nearly "BAD").No line to wait should make us suspicious, but we paid and went in. The server was really nice and helpful and quickly brought champagne and soft drinks. But the food was terrible: not to much choices, not a nice display and the quality really sucks.I tried the usual things, like prime rib, lamb and ham, and I have to say, it wasn't average - it was below.Don't go there, even if you are a hotel guest like me. There are definitely better places to spend ~ 30$ or more for a brunch.
4	Once again had to stop at Bayside Buffet at Mandalay Bay before leaving Vegas.  This is still our favorite buffet in Vegas.  For us the price is very reasonable, place is clean, and food is tasty and fresh in general.  Perhaps their spread isn't has exotic or big as Bellagio or Wynne, but they have everything you need and for the price I feel it's the best.  The only thing I wish they would have just because I love them so much are french macaroons in the dessert section.  Bayside Buffet please consider putting out french macaroons.!
4	Excellent selection of food. The set up of the buffet is kind of awkward to me because the dessert is really far from everything else. Clean environment and friendly staff. I would definitely recommend this place and return again only having the buffet passes instead of paying $20+ per person.
4	Because we received two free day passes with our room package, we had to eat here... but it's a good thing we did! The food is really good here. No, it's definitely not a celebrity chef type of restaurant, but I couldn't care less. Everything is fresh and tasty. Not to mention, the service was excellent!I had the pleasure of eating at the Bayside Buffet three times (yes... breakfast, lunch, AND dinner), so I'll share each respective experience.BreakfastDidn't think much of breakfast at Bayside because I'm not the most breakfasty person... but I ended up surprising myself. We sat down next to a bay window with a shimmering view of the pool. I quickly got up to get some food... and was pleasantly surprised to find smoked salmon and the works! I was more than delighted. They also had eggs benedict, which was superb, two different types of scrambled eggs, a crepe maker, a fruit bar... and so much more. I was in breakfast heaven.LunchI thought breakfast was good.... lunch was amazing! They had everything from sushi to soup to on-the-spot prime rib cutting! I can't even remember everything about lunch at the Bayside Buffet because there was so much to choose from!DinnerDinner let me down a little bit. To be honest, everything about dinner was the same as lunch except that dinner had two choices of Indian curry and... crab legs, which were delicious! Don't get me wrong... dinner was still great!Bayside Buffet is THE place to get food for a reasonable price, especially if you eat your face off!
3	Decent breakfast choices (nothing extreme or out of the ordinary here), inexpensive prices and no line.I think a big, fancy breakfast buffet would go to waste on me so this was perfect for what we wanted.  The one thing I don't like is how they have the coffee cups upside down on the table.  The least they could do is put them on coasters so the lip of the glass (where you put your mouth) isn't resting on the table.  You hope the tables are wiped down after each gues, but you KNOW they aren't washed after each guest.  Blah.
1	I am seriously shocked that this place has over 3 stars..... Came here because family was in town and they wanted to try the buffet. Fine, let's go. As a local that has tried several buffets on and off the strip I know not to expect too much- but this was wrong on so many levels. We came here on a Saturday around 11:30 for "brunch." The line to get a table took about 15 minutes and the line at the actual buffet took about 10. We had to steal silverware and napkins from another table since we weren't provided with any. Our waiter only came by to get our drink order and once again to get a couple refills. As for the actual food... if you enjoy the frozen section of your local grocery store then you will love this place! "Orange chicken" consisted of frozen chicken nuggets with some watery orange sauce on the side. There were frozen waffles and pancakes that somehow managed to be incredibly soggy and there were also some kind of fried triangle-shaped hash browns similar to what you would find at McDonald's, but worse. The salad bar was nonexistent; I'm talking lettuce, carrots, and your choice of dressing. Watermelon looked days old and they somehow managed to make a Chinese tofu dish look swampy. Vegetarians, beware! There is nothing here for you except some crappy potatoes and frozen green beans. Everything else comes from a carving station. Meat eaters, don't think that you'll be ok.... our family couldn't stand any of the food either. There was someone making made-to-order omelettes, but I'd rather not wait 15 minutes in the middle of the buffet surrounded by people trying to get their eggs and bacon, thanks. Not wanting to battle the crowds for more soggy waffles, I headed over to the dessert station and loaded up on everything they offered. The cheesecake and chocolate cake were ok- about what you could get at your grocery store. Everything else was eh. The only reason I could see why they charge an obnoxious amount of money for this buffet is because they offer the standard cocktail shrimp and crab legs. But considering how terrible everything else was, I can't imagine that they are worth the trip to this place. In a nutshell, we paid $27 a person for a trip to the frozen food section of the grocery store. They have hardly any selection (no pizza, pasta , or mashed potatoes??) and nothing tastes fresh. It has a terrible layout and lines move slowly. Vegetarians, avoid it like the plague. If you are going to go to a buffet, spend a little extra money and head over to Bellagio, Wynn or Planet Hollywood. Or, if you are a local, head to your nearby station casino and save yourself the time and money.
2	Wow, this place used to be great.  Huge fried shrimp, hot and cold crab legs, tasty Chinese and Italian.  Now it is just average, and at $30 per person not worth it.  Crab was mealy and tasteless, no fried shrimp, sushi tasted like they bought it at a grocery store.  I would do this buffet for $10 and feel OK about it, but for $30... absolutely not!
2	Worst Buffet that I've been to.  I went to dinner on a Sunday night. The only reason I don't give it 1 star is because the food selection was good. The problem is the food itself is DISGUSTING! Bland, way under cooked, way over cooked nothing was just right or even tasted good. The desserts were sad, unless you love chocolate. Chocolate cake, chocolate raspberry, chocolate this or that. Can I get a berry tart or key lime? And the chocolate was gross.  How do you mess up chocolate??? The cookies however were delicious surprisingly enough.  They were super under staffed and even when our section was no longer busy our "waitress" did nothing. Constantly forgetting my drink (water), we had to ask for napkins 3 times and when the table behind us asked for something she came up to us letting us know they didn't have it.  We had piles of plates on our table from them not being cleaned up.  For what they're charging they should have decent food and better service. I will never go back or recommend to anyone. Go to the W or the Wynn. Stay away from this one.
3	The short and sweet review of this buffet is that it's okay. I've eaten at quite a few buffets up and down the Strip, and I would say that this is on par with the rest of them. The price is a little more reasonable and we did enjoy the bottomless wine for $5/person, but the food is your standard buffet-fare. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.
3	We at here twice during our week-long stay; once for brunch and once for dinner.Brunch - The brunch was pretty standard. Bacon, eggs, omelet station, waffles, pancakes, french toast, the usual suspects. It was pretty standard and nothing to write home about. I think they could consider two omelet stations though, the line gets pretty long and I didn't want to wait. Dinner - I felt this left a lot to be desired. The highlights include their version of cioppino, which had three different kinds of shrimp and imitation crab meat. The tomato broth was amazing. They also had snow crab legs, which if you take the time to add some of that to the cioppino, brings it up a level (but makes it colder). The low-lights were the prime rib, which was brown and way over done. The flank steak was tough and not flavorful. The pasta station didn't make any sense and didn't tell you what the options were. All of the bread/rolls were hard. Even the desserts were just ok. Their tiramisu was made it cute little chocolate cups but the lady fingers were soaked and soggy from the coffee at the bottom. Worth it for breakfast/brunch but for the dinner price, go to Planet Hollywood! It was the best!
3	Came here for lunch. This buffet was alright. Nothing really stood out but it wasn't bad at all.The best item here was definitely the Prime rib and the crab legs. The prime rib was a perfect medium rare. It was super soft and tender. The crab legs were sweet and juicy. They surprisingly served breakfast items still (maybe it was brunch) such as bacon, scrambled eggs, eggs benedict, sausage, ham, and others. They also have sushi selection, carved turkey, fried chicken, pastas, mussels, shrimp, salad bar, fruit bar, and desserts.Overall, the food was fresh and tasty. Good selection to choose from.
3	Good variety, mostly comfort food, nothing fancy, which may be good for those that don't like fancy cuisine. Kid friendly, good prime rib, coffee sucks.
3	It's better than I expected. Something got into me and I ate way too much... it's their dessert menu.. it's their coffee!Delicious:Their coffee soo good. I'd kill to get it again. Is there one around LA?!Raisin, white chocolate cookies I can't stop eating themTheir dessert was a killer that put me over the top. You must save room for dessert because once you get to it with their delicious coffee it's hard to stop.Indians Marsala and basmati rice flavorful, flaky went back twiceDisappointing:Dungeness crab claws, junior size, little flavorsSteamed King Crab legs - Bland in flavor, junior size, driedPrimed ribs ,over cooked, driedThe last time I had a delicious buffet crab legs was at Bellagio and that was in 2006. Since, they ordered a junior size and it doesn't taste the same. Costco is the best in providing delicious king crab legs. Caesar comes near second providing king size Dungeness crab claws. Since I'm in LA I go to Redondo pier to get my steamed Dungeness crab claws :)
2	Your average buffet... Poultry options were scarce... if you're a sea food lover, then you're in heaven... the food was decent and filling.. nothing out of the ordinary.
2	I've decided to review all the buffets on the strip, starting with this one.Boy, what a disappointment.The Bay Side Buffet at Mandalay Bay is expensive and the choices are minimal...but at the very least, you don't have to wait in line long for seating.  I couldn't find a single thing I liked here, including the dessert bar, which is a rare thing for me.  Of course, half of it caters to seafood (that being the hotel's theme) and I don't eat fish, so it was probably a waste for me.$20 for lunch is way too much for this place.  Try somewhere else instead.
3	This use to be one of my favorite buffets, but that was a few years ago.  I came back this past weekend and was disappointed to hear they took the king crab legs off the menu about a month ago.  No more KING.....instead, steamed snow crab legs with melted butter on the side.  Melted butter added a nice touch, but I'm not a fan of the steaming...when you load up on 5# of it on one plate like me, the shell eventually starts changing colors to an off-white and the texture becomes rubbery, making it tedious to eat.  I do give credit for the jumbo sized cocktail shrimps, and the service was excellent.  At the dessert bar, the bread pudding with vanilla creme was good.  FYI Dinner is $30 (tax included).
4	Good buffet. THE VARIETY IS NOT TOO MUCH. I mean, there's enough. But it is not too much, agreed by my mother and father.Good food. I loved their fish.Good range of desserts. Not the best buffet on the Strip. but worthy of eating there. I enjoyed it. You will, too. It is good. I liked it, but I wouldn't go to it a 2nd time if i return to Vegas. Try other buffets a 2nd time. It's good though. I did like it. Nice looking restaurant. I just think they could have had more food. THe food tasted good though. I give it 4 stars. :-)
4	Richard Pro here with another review.Mandalay Bay is my favorite brunch buffet on the Strip. I've come here for dinner twice and I wouldn't recommend it. For brunch, Mandalay Bay has the freshest and tastiest menu and they offer some unique items that other buffets don't. They have fresh berries, desserts that I can't recall at the moment, and their omelettes pack more flavor than other hotels. Interior is clean and spacious. Not too bright but not dim either. Service is okay. Prices here are high.4 stars. I have a very full breakfast that contains a lot of variety. Food is tasty and of a higher quality.
2	Sorry 2 stars, that's it from me. One go to the guy who makes omelet and pasta, the other star go to convenient that gives after long day at pool. I ask for a cup of coffee to waitress lady and she forget to bring it to me, WTH. With the price that they charged is not cheap and the varieties they provide was just an average. This is our second time here and will not go back again. Hope Mandalay Bay Hotel decide to change to different buffet...
3	We had a pleasant experience here! A huge part of that was due in fact to our wonderful server Lisa. She really made us feel comfortable and we certainly enjoyed our meal and time there. I wouldn't expect any less of Mandalay Bay.Bayside is slightly lower in price but the same vegas buffet staples are still there like crab legs which unfortunately were not warm and split open like other buffets prepare them. A bummer for my husband since he prefers them that way but a huge relief for me- I could ease my stresses of him from digging into this high cholesterol indulgence. Note: A wonderful alternative to the busy buffets along the main area of the strip- we were seated right away.
2	I would of gave this buffet a 3 star than I thought to myself I really experienced better...also if i wanted to eat a buffet like this place, than I could of stayed in Cali and ate a buffet that would of been cheaper. The whole appearance does look beautiful though.
3	The food is right above average, striking just below the "appetizing" mark.It's pricey to get in, but I guess it's fine.For plate 1, I had the prime rib, the salmon, the shrimp, and the rice. I know it doesn't seem like much, but I had more later. The prime rib I had was thick. The little edges of fat gave the prime rib some flavor, but overall, it was a little bland. The salmon was well..... salmony? The shrimp is fried shrimp you know, just battered and fried shrimp.Plate 2! I had the crab legs only. OK, I know I don't eat much at buffets, but the dessert is an exception. The crab legs were not chilled; they were actually quite warm. They were salty, but really delicious. If only I had the stone crab claws. I had sampled one and it was DELISH!Dessert! I had the chocolate mousse cup, a chocolate chip cookie, a piece of passion fruit cake, and the sugar free strawberry cake. Dieters beware! Every sweet indulgence at Mandalay Bay will gain you some weight! The chocolate chip cookie was THE BOMB. The cakes were...Meh. The chocolate mousse was heaven in a little cup. Savory, sweet, it's all you can ask for in a dessert.A view of the Mandalay Bay Beach, nice waiters and waitresses, decent food, and somewhat decent prices make the Bayside Buffet a place you don't want to miss.
2	I personally feel like with all the great restaurants in Vegas, buffets aren't that great.  I mean what do you expect? They're buffets...For the price it's great.  But for my last dinner in Vegas, I was just saddened by it.I first headed over to the crab legs and prime rib since they're pretty much the most expensive things out there.  The crab legs were alright, but man, when they're lukewarm to cold, they just aren't as good.  Some of the meat stuck to the insides of the legs too.  The prime rib was chewy and again cold. Blah! At this point I keep trying to tell myself, "it's a buffet, it's a buffet..."Got the pasta station next.  LOL, maybe this is insulting but it reminded me of the pasta station at some dining halls at UCSD. *flashback moment* okay, it's over. Yeah, it has some flavor, but haha the pasta was already par cooked so it kind of came out overcooked when they put it in the boiling water.I tried to stay away from the asian section, but i mean got to give everything a try right? I don't know why I got fish. Fish = dry at buffets. I'm stupid, just don't get the fish. and YAY for coconut shrimp, can't screw that up! I actually really did like the seafood cioppino.  I don't know what it's REALLY supposed to taste like, but I liked the flavor. Spicy and tomato-y and got lots of random seafood things in there.Desserts...kind of sucked.  Cobbler had maybe 2/3 crumb topping and 1/3 canned fruit.  Cakes were meh. Frozen yogurt was like...ice-y vanilla paste? Cookies were soft, and not bad.  Honestly, I think they could do the desserts a little better.Why am I being so picky for a buffet? I don't know, it's a buffet.  Come here if you want crab legs 'cause that's pretty much what I saw everyone else getting.  But I'm not going to buffets when I go to Vegas
1	One of the worse Vegas buffets I've ever had.  Ended up being lazy and staying at Mandalay Bay the whole weekend so bought the "All-Day Buffet pass" for $43.  Had the Sunday Brunch, nothing great.  Dry prime rib, minimal selections, dessert selections limited to muffins, cakes and cookies.Hope they would redeem themselves for Sunday dinner...I was wrong.  Same dessert selections.  Saw same ingredients from the brunch buffet used for dinner items.  I can't say weather if it's true...but...I saw sausage from brunch was seen in dinner's paella.  Not a lot of changes from the brunch menu to dinner menu.  Definitely not worth the ~$28 price.
4	Mandalay Bay is part of the MGM family and we got a deal when we stayed in Vegas to eat at a buffet for free each day which didn't include dinner. Okay so we took the tram and ate brunch here. It was terrific! After eating at Monte Carlo which was horrible, M. Bay made it look like Dennys and this was like, well, um, IHOP.. Okay, IHOP isn't much better but its a bit better right?I digress.The omelets were great, the bacon extra crispy and the crab was delish... I kept my pineapple juice going with some shots of Malibu Rum (thanks to my friendly ABC stores) and the day was looking brighter by the time I finished.Since we didn't have to pay, I can't say too much for the price but would we spend $20 there for brunch again. Probably.YUM!
3	The food is definitely above average despite a lack of variety at breakfast. The service was efficient but could not possibly be less friendly. It is unfortunate that we never witnessed an employee smile.
4	This place was surprisingly way better than I thought. Came at 10:40 ish. Paid for breakfast, but got breakfast and lunch. Came in during the transition. Their beef sausage ( different from the breakfast sausage) was very tasty. Also really like their flank steak. The Mexican rice was also very good. You seriously cannot beat the price
5	This was absolutely one of the best buffets in Vegas. Very clean, high quality food, wonderful service, and outstanding views in the windowed back rooms. If you're looking for a top quality buffet, this is it.
5	**Summary**       - Quality - I can't say enough about how much better the quality of the food is. Rarely do I get that wow feeling from biting into buffet dishes.       - Selection - The buffet is a bit smaller and the selection is a little less varied than at other buffets. With that said, they also have better items you wouldn't find at other places.       - Attention to Detail - More on little surprises, they had scrambled eggs with lox and pecan syrup with actual pecans in it for your french toast. It's the little things that show the chefs at this place put pride into their menu.**Price**       - $15.99 Breakfast - 7am to 11am Mon to Fri       - $19.99 Lunch - 11am to 2:30pm Mon to Fri       - $27.99 Dinner - 4:45pm to 9:45pm       - $24.99 Weekend Brunch - 7am to 2:30pm Sat & Sun**Ate** (I came for brunch so these items are the from the brunch buffet)       - Prime Rib - I've never seen the prime rib overcooked. It's always soft and tender.       - Crab Legs - It's usually a hit or miss. This time they were dry.       - Cocktail Shrimps - Large and plump. You can't just have one.       - Clams - The clams were bit and fresh. A little sand in them though.       - Braised Ox Tail - Ox tails had a lot of meat on them and had good flavor.       - Beef Short Ribs (Not the kalbi kind) - Thick and fatty, they were pretty tasty.       - Baked Basa - The fish was cooked to perfection. I usually see the fish cooked too much and a bit dry in other buffets.**Recommendations**       - I'd definitely recommend this place for a weekend brunch buffet. For the dishes are of higher quality then even Wynn and Bellagio.
3	Buffet  $30 -packed as usual.  Nothing outstanding but something for everyone to hit the spot.  Crab legs were cold and just OK, prime rib was chewy but OK, the Chinese items were acceptable.  Sushi available, pasta available, salads, all the usual.  Had expected slightly better quality.  All the dessert we tried were delicious, and there was a sugar free choc dessert which was yum!Mai tai was weak.Server left my debit card on the table when we were getting our buffet!
3	Underwhelming compared to other buffets in town. Almost surprising that a hotel as nice as Mandalay would run such a dinky buffet. Go here if you are short on time or really tired. Otherwise, get out of Mandalay and try the Bellagio buffet or Wicked Spoon Buffet at the Cosmopolitan.
3	It's a decent buffet but lacks the "wow" factor when it comes to presentation or varieties of foods offered.  Quality of prime roast was good and like many other Vegas buffets, had a decent selection of Asian dishes.
3	Its not to pricey and the food is descent. There is a wide selection of food.
5	This replaced the Bellagio buffet as my favorite buffet, but it was recently replaced by the Wynn buffet, my new favorite. It is a close second, though. The made-to-order pasta station is the best. Something about the pan or the oil they use makes the pasta extra tasty.
2	The Bay Area has everything a food lover could want, except for high quality buffets. That's why I always go to the buffets when I'm in Vegas. I'd been to Mandalay's buffet a number of years ago and rated it nearly as good as the Bellagio for quality and variety. Sad to say, the Mandalay Bay buffet was a huge disappointment this week. Black fungus on the stone crab claws, frozen, overcooked to mush vegetables, glutenous fried rice in the Chinese food section, roast chicken quarters that looked dry, the same sparse pieces baking away all night under the heat lamp, butterflied, deep fried prawns with mushy interior, cantaloupe and watermelon on the verge of crossing over to the bad side, chicken cordon bleu that was less flavorful than I can imagine coming from any brand in the Safeway frozen food aisle. Seems like the Mandalay Bay resort has given up on this restaurant. I will not go back.
2	$24.99 for brunch.   Food was soso, I expect much better from Mandalay Bay...
5	Had lunch last week at Mandalay Bay. The quality of the food is second to none. It is fit for kings and presidents. The selection could be larger though. Everything I tasted was superb. The desserts were heavenly. The chocolate chip cookies had almost more chocolate than cookie. The wait service for drinks was rapid. There was no line to get in. This is a wonderful buffet.
3	Some of the MGM properties offer buffet day passes where you can pony up a few Hamiltons and dine at their buffet morning, noon and night.We tried the Mandalay Bay's Bayside Buffet recently, where its $43 all-day pricing was set to save us $21 apiece. We planned on spending a quiet day at the hotel, anyway -- relax at the property's 11-acre beach between breakfast and lunch, and playing some slots and visiting the shark reef aquarium before dinner -- so we did not feel "trapped" there.Breakfast went well. The house coffee went beyond our expectations, the bacon was nice and crispy, and you could find all the usual breakfast suspects here like scrambled eggs, waffles and lots and lots of smoked salmon. What's more, there was a surprising inclusion of south-of-the-border Mexcian fare served up as well, including some very delicious tamales I just could not stop eating. Maybe the best tamales I've ever had.Lunch was just fine. Prime rib and crab legs were now available, as were some scrumptious barbecued short ribs. The selection was decent, but not very exciting -- there was no "wow" factor. The flavors were good, but not great.The choices at this time of day were also infused with many Latin American flavors, including chorizo and beef sausage, a pleasant tomatillo salad, and my favorite tamales. It was, however, a bit disconcerting to see my darling meaty corn husks piled up in the same hotel pan I had left them pining for my gullet several hours ago. Were they the same ones that were put out at breakfast?Supper was a lot less impressive, though maybe it was because we were still full from eating there twice that day already. Unfortunately, there was nothing new or spectacular offered that evening that we did not see at lunch time.Sure there were a couple of new Asian dishes and a curry or two, and there was some flank steak (that was just a bit tough to bite), but nothing else really worth mentioning. Even the pasta station that was in full swing that night and had a nice selection of sauces, came up short by serving pasta that not quite al dente.After getting our fill at breakfast and lunch, we felt another meal here was overdoing it, so we left feeling stodgy after a couple of bites, and ended up quelling our later-that-night hunger pans with a couple of Belgian beers and a some items off the bar menu at Tender in the nearby Luxor.Did we get our money's worth?I would happily pay $15 for breakfast here, and even more so if I managed to get in as they were transitioning to lunch (just before 11 am). I also feel their $16 is a fair price for lunch, but again, I would try to make this a brunch visit, and would not eat both breakfast and lunch here, never mind three full meals.That said, you'd have to value dinner here at $12 at least, to make this one-day pass worth it, and it could be, if you don't mind lots of routine and want to stick to a $42-a-day food budget.
1	Terrible terrible terrible lunch buffet.  One of the worst dining experiences we had in Vegas (in our lives?).  Bland Chinese food, weird chicken, terrible Mexican stuff.  Really just awful.  Tasted like it had been sitting out for a long time.We both had stomach issues.  Your $40 is better spent elsewhere.  McDonalds is higher quality.
2	MB has a so-so buffet. Most of their points come from the decor alone--beautiful tropical outdoor setting to look out to. The selection is poor.  Too few food, too little desserts. Quality of the food is just meh. Certainly no where near what it costs. Excalibur, much cheaper and lower rated, tastes better. I agree that I would rather go to Mcds than Bayside. And I love MB as a hotel and casino. This is sad.
1	This was the worst buffet I have had in Vegas....I expected more from Mandalay Bay. Especially if they're going to charge me almost $30. There was no selection unless you want nothing but seafood/sushi. They had a pasta station where you could pick between like 4 bland sauces with no meat option. I was looking forward to the dessert station after everything else was a disappointment, but the desserts weren't any better. Very bland, cookies, cream puffs, and dry pastry's. Basically everything is bland and low quality. Don't waste your money.
1	I went here for a quick breakfast with the kids.  Our waitress seemed out of it.  The orange juice was bitter, not even my kids would drink it.  It is not too pricey, 15.99 adults & 13.99 kids 12 and under.  I would say the food was comparable to the buffet at Circus Circus....enough said.
4	FLANK STEAK & TIRAMISU is a gogo place at Bayside buffet. I've never tried such a juicy steak in my life. But to be honest, we got a vip ticket for this buffet, so I'm not sure if I'd wait in line for hours just to eat here. It's good in selective quantities, but the buffet as the whole wasnt the best quality. It's worth a try though in Las Vegas since they do have wide selection of international foods and they do serve seafood too, which is hard to find.
3	Came here for breakfast one morning with our group of friends.  My man isn't a buffet fan, so we rarely go to buffets.  There was a long line, but we went to the front and used the touch screens to charge to our room and head right to the front of the line.  This breakfast buffet had a decent selection. A bit of a line for the omelets, and I didn't want to wait, but my friends said they were good.  I had Eggs Benedict from the buffet... not good because none of it was hot or even warm.  It's my favorite dish and I should know better than to get it at a buffet.  I liked the pastries and the coffee was good.  I really liked the BREAKFAST EGG ROLLS and ate a lot of the fresh fruit.  3.5 STARS.Vegas Trip 10/20-23/11
3	We did both breakfast and dinner here. Each had their good and bad points.Breakfast-Good: Bacon, coffee, apple crepes, bear claws Bad: Scrambled eggs (tasted like they were made with sour milk), sausage, home fries (frozen triangle thingies they must have microwaved)Dinner-Good: shrimp (cocktail and fried, both good), kung pao beef, coconut cream pie, salad bar, fruit, cold meats and cheesesBad: flatiron steak (looked pink and rare but was tough and chewy)I'm also not crazy about having to wait for someone to bring my beverages. Self service is much better (like MORE buffet at the Luxor)There are better buffets for the price, but we ate here twice because we were staying at THEHotel at Mandalay Bay. We don't plan on staying there again so I doubt we will be eating here again.
2	BY FAR THE WORST BUFFET I HAVE HAD IN MY LIFE. IF THERE IS A GOOD REVIEW, IT WAS MADE BY A PERSON WHO WOULD EAT $HIT IF IT WAS HANDED TO THEM.If you like crab legs then maybe worth it, and you have to know how to pick from the pot. Dinner is not worth it. Have not tried breakfast and can't imagine lunch is any better than dinner. For the money try Monte Carlo, harrahs, Rio, luxor. The best buffet is bellagio by far but it is more expensive.
4	loved this buffet, wish i had a free voucher!! the cashier was a weird experience but luckily we got in just before the rush and were the first in line.  they had good variety of all kinds of foods.. loved the cipini soup and the steak flanks. this was enuff food, did not want to do another buffet for the rest of the trip.
2	I am not a fan of buffets. Had brunch here while visiting my family.  Really average all around. Nothing memorable. Just lots of boring food with little taste.
2	Ehh...it was ok. Nothing special, and way overpriced.
3	A-OK. Absolutely A-OK.Since I had a $40.00 Breakfast/ Lunch/ Brunch Buffet Voucher from staying at the MGM brand hotels, my boyfriend and i decided to give Bayside Buffet a try!  Total was $43.28 ($19.99 + tax per person), so we had to pay only $3.28 out of our own pockets! Foods were just okay. nothing impressive. nothing spectacular. Smoked salmon was good, and the made-to-order pasta was delish!  however, the prime rib was so freaking dry, and no crab legs for lunch.  The desserts were decent, but dont expect to see fancy desserts like those at Wicked Spoon or Aria Buffets!  Service was average.  I would not go back if i had to pay the full price, but 2 adult lunch buffets for only $3.28....What a Steal!! hahaa
1	Came here once...a long time ago. And walked out. The food sucked then. Was back in Vegas recently and with a promotion, we were offered a free buffet. Thinking that its been years...maybe they have changed. NO.I was appalled to see watery oatmeal! That was gross...eggs benedict were over cooked...every thing was not tasty. The only thing good here was the boxed cereals. Mandalay Bay, you guys should consider a new chef.Disapointed.
4	I personally think this is one of the best buffets in las vegas because it's not too crowded, no line or small line, reasonably priced, fresh food and good service! Lunch mon-fri is 19.99. A wide variety of foods, with my favorites being the prime rib that you can ask to put on the girl, omelette or pasta making service, lots of shrimp and seafood selections.
3	WATCH YOUR RECEIPT!!!Be wary about the receipt you leave at the table before getting your food as someone might take it and use it for themselves!This just happened to us this morning. 10AM 12-24-11 Table at the end of buffet line.After being seated, my wife and I went to get food and left our server copy receipt on the table. When we returned, we found another couple sitting at our table. I was polite and told them we were sitting there and we had spread the tablecloth and silverware out to make it look occupied. I had assumed the waiter took the receipt for our drinks and assumed a couple was sat at our table in error.Since I couldn't find the waiter, I had to find another waitress that someone was sitting in our seat and was told by said waitress that she needed to see my receipt. I told them I thought the waiter took it, was trying to find him, and that some couple was seated our table.While complaining to that waitress, my wife approaches our original table and is wondering why some other couple is sitting at our table. While trying to call me, she sees the lady at the table ripping up our receipt. My wife grabs it from her and the lady glares at her. I went back to try and take a picture of the couple, but they had already been asked to leave. Luckily, we got our receipt with our name and room number back. My wife and I assume that this is probably not the first time this couple has done this and that there are probably more that know about this and do it also. Next time we figured one of us would have to stay at the table, while the other got food. We thought the food was ok, but the ambiance was sucked. Food was definitely not worth having to quarrel and hassle over. In Vegas, it's just one of those hard luck stories. It's just that who woulda thought it would be at the buffet and not on the casino floor?
2	Not one of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas.Maybe it was because I ate on a weekday lunch. The price is great for Vegas ($19.99 per person). They did have prime rib and sushi, which were a plus. And the service was better than I have had compared to other Las Vegas buffets I've eaten. But that was where it ended for me.Good price but in my opinion not worth the 1.5 hour wait.
2	This buffet for me was just eh.I came here for Christmas dinner and they had a different menu than normal.  In general, most of the things I ate were pretty overcooked.  The prime rib was dry as well as the turkey and other roasted meats.  The crab legs were okay if you got them fresh, but many of them were smaller and didn't really have much meat in it.I saw the section of the buffet where you can customize pasta and they'll make it for you! I was super excited to try it, but unfortunately the pasta was bland and flavorless.  Salt made it slightly better.  The pan fried scallops looked great, but to my dismay, they were very overcooked and not tender at all.  Maybe I just came on the wrong day and most of their food happened to be overcooked.  Although I would expect the Christmas dinner to be of better quality. The line to get in was pretty long as well and it seemed to be long most days that I walked by the buffet. A couple good notes were that the service was decent and they have pineapple juice!
3	Since there was only a 1 hour wait for this buffet on Christmas night, we came here in lieu of waiting 3+ hours. I know that the shorter wait means the buffet isn't as popular or top of the top as the others, but Bayside Buffet isn't the worst. They have a decent amount of seafood available: crab legs (the warm ones at a different station are a lot juicer and better than the cold ones), mussels, shrimp cocktail, popcorn shrimp, fried calamari, and this medley of seafood in tomato sauce. They also have a custom-made-to-order pasta station and a carving station, but I was too focused on the seafood to venture there. I do have to point out that the desserts were not the same as some of the other buffets I've been to. The soft serve frozen yogurt came out slightly melted and because the bowls next to the machine were still pipping hot from being washed, the soft serve was 70% melted by the time I went back to my table to eat it. Their toppings could be better organized, such as having pumps for the hot fudge and the various syrups. They were available in open containers so it was very messy trying to scoop the sauces onto your soft serve when the serving ladle was caked with hot fudge that some previous child had carelessly dripped into the strawberry sauce. Even though it was Christmas Day and they advertised some Christmas specific items, I didn't see too many of the special items. We got pretty good service from our server, who made sure our drinks were constantly replenished. They also have the actual metal crab clamps for you to wrestle with for your crab legs, different from those plastic fork looking things that other places hand you.
4	What a great buffet!  They have pretty much anything you could ever crave to help make the hangover go away. Once you get past the line (we had a 15 min wait) there is plenty of food and table space to seat 2-10 people. Crab legs and seaweed salad was my choice for brunch.  I think for an extra $5 you could get all you can drink mimosas.Catch your server as soon as you sit down, they don't come around all too often so if you want something special to drink let them know ASAP. If you are on the hunt for a good buffet on the strip, check out Bayside at the Mandalay.
2	Eww not worth the 20 bucks for lunch I would rather go to the Aria. Service was awful they never brought refills on some of our friends' drinks, never brought steak sauce we asked for twice, there was no chili of any kind even siracha And my chair was dirty and when i asked to have it replaced all they did was wipe it with a dirty rag and leave behind all the gunk.The food was all mediocre there was literally nothing that looked all that appetizing. I heard one of the chefs tell the cooks to take out the chicken and throw in some scallops in sauce bc they were about to turn..... Problem is they said this in Spanish to each other....guess what everyone and their mother speaks spanish!And last but not least they were filling the dessert displays with cakes coming from what looked like store bought containers... Not a single dessert tasted fresh or edible.
2	Went for dinner and was excited to see what they offered. Frankly, I was disappointed. The quality of the food was good, but the variety of food, none so much. I know this is not the Carnival World Buffet at the Rio, but I'm a local and the Station Casinos have a much better selection of dishes. The salad bar was on what looked like a rolling cart, that's it, small.  They did have butterfly shrimp with a nice breading on it that my BF said was excellent. The crab legs, were ok, too much work for me. The desserts were yummy! Real hot fudge for the yogurt, whole slices of different cakes, as well as the mini ones in a shot glass type cup. Our server was very responsive for refilling our drinks and bringing any condiments we needed, but for the price we paid, I wouldn't go back. Not even if we got buy one, get one free.
5	We went twice in two days. For lunch I was surprised to find some of the best braised oxtail I have ever had. The prime rib was also very good.For breakfast.. Try the oxtail with poached eggs and hollandaise. My god!
3	Not worth it. Only upside is there weren't too many people there. For such a nice hotel, the food was off. They did have crabs but everything else was alright. Servers were attentive but like I said, weren't too many people. Maybe since it was a weeknight and after the holidays. I'd spend the extra few bucks and dine at Aria, The M, or Cosmo.
2	Went on Valentines day and was major disappointment. Extra long wait for food that was very tasteless. We were shocked. Desert was also a disappointment.
3	Pretty ordinary for an buffet. The food was standard for Vegas, and so were the prices. They had Snow Crab instead of King Crab (if that means anything to anyone). Price is about $30 per person for dinner, again, the norm around here. I would sum this up by saying this a very average Buffet.
1	This place was terrible. Definitely not worth the $25. There was mold on a piece of cheese, that's how bad it was. The food was low quality and the service was slow. Spend a couple more dollars and go to the Aria or better yet the Cosmopolitan
4	Ive eaten here 3 times now, and I would say Im Ok with it. Maybe its because Ive had such a high expectation for it, I over hyped it. The food is above average, but I was really expecting more from the Mandalay Bay. I must say though that the staff is incredible and friendly. My last visit here was on a Sunday and we did brunch and our server was not shy with the champagne. I also did dinner the night before and got wine and our server that night was very generous with that as well (even though I probably didnt need it). Both times I attempted to eat my weight in crab legs, which I must say the crab is GREAT! and the staff even better as they disposed of all the carnage I created.
2	Overpriced mediocre food. It isn't God awful, but nothing to look forward to either. Save your bucks for more satisfying food. If you end up at the buffet anyway, the tiny Tiramisu and the cheese Blitzes are descent.
1	I was expecting too much since it is Mandalay Bay. As elaborate & wonderful their hotel looked, their buffet sucked. It's not even worth your 20.00 for lunch. No wonder the buffet is way out of sight so you pay first & when u finally get to see the food, you would have no choice but to eat it. The grilled steak was salty & the server acted like he does not even want to serve it. The choices are not much. After going around the buffet table several times, i only had half a plate- there was nothing. Don't go to this buffet. It is a waste of time & money.
3	Our family went to the buffet on a Sunday around 1:00, there wasn't any wait.  It seems a little over priced at $29 for what you get.  The upside - hot crab legs and prime rib, the prime rib seemed to be hit or miss on the cut, some were OK and some were very fatty. The kids loved the breakfast items and the dessert bar, waffle cones were a big hit.  The down side, the service.  Our waiter came back once to refill drinks then was MIA. At some point another server started taking our plates but we ended up having to stack them on another table.  The kids loved it.  I would have rated it a little higher for $20, but not that great for $29.
4	$70 for 3 of us for breakfast (including bloody mary's) so average priced.Favorites include the omelette bar (with egg whites), and baked salmon.Pretty location with big windows overlooking the pool.Desserts were just ok.
5	Hostess was very nice and attentive. Food was good. Jumbo shrimp, fruit, coffee, dessert what more can a girl ask for.
2	Ate here late at night, food was simply not good, meat was dried out and there wasn't much of a variety. You can find much better buffets for only a few dollars more.
2	This isn't going to sound very eloquent, but I like alliteration, so here goes-Bayside Buffet Blows!  The food and service are mediocre.  Nothing about the place is memorable.  I would recommend walking a few properties over and going to Wicked Spoon in the Cosmopolitan or the Bellagio buffet.
3	Food galore! Great breakfast/brunch buffet and not as expensive as the others. They also serve crab legs!
5	This buffet was a quite a surprise.I came here due to default; however, I came out feeling like this meal was the best meal I had during my stay in Las Vegas. The crab legs are one of my favorites at the buffet. If you guys are craving seafood, specifically crab, CHECK THIS PLACE OUT. Totally under the radar because this is not expected. But i'm letting you know.Don't just give this place the cold shoulder because it's the Mandalay Bay!
1	Mehhhhhhhh is all I have to say about this place.I'm here on a Saturday brunch time and the place is kinda full but the food? I can say 95% of the food was bad. And the other 5% was DECENT. My goodness. I even went for foods that I normally don't eat in hopes that they would taste a little BETTER than the rest. Nope. Bad decision.I tried to give them another chance and went for the dessert section. I am a MAJOR dessert person, and there is no way that you can mess up COOKIES. yup. They did. Never stepping foot into here again. Even if it was a comped meal.
2	This review is for breakfast only:Twice, I had breakfast here as the price is fairly reasonable for Las Vegas. The food is mediocre, but good for Vegas. With tip/Tax the buffet is about $17.50. The selection is fair---very Denny's like. Not much in the way of juices, coffee is average and only a few types of fruit. The egg station features a really unhappy dude, who rather bitch about his job to co-workers than focus on delivery.Our table service was generally good, though the waitress to table ratio is real low. One tip: They open at 7AM and if you get here early, it's much better as the place becomes a zoo.
3	Kinda pricey for two people at dinner and the selection is not overly abundant. They did have some good lamb chops, prime rib, and crab legs when I was here. Plus they had an unlimited wine and beer bar. I am not sure I will be back
4	This place was pretty good! It's not the biggest but they do have a good selection. Quantity is not everything when it comes to a buffet. We ate here for free which was also a plus! Got a promo deal. They have limited items but good for what they have. The salad bar did not have fresh produce mostly veggies that you can get in a can. The dessert section was good! My wife killed the tiramisu she was about to have another but I had to stop her. Good stuff for what they have.
4	***Friday Brunch review***Warm snow crabs~!!!This is the first time we found "WARM SNOW CRABS" in Vegas!  We love the warm crab legs down in Biloxi, MS and always wished to find the same in Vegas.  Now we did!!!Food:  The warm snow crabs just made our day hence the 4 stars....otherwise, we would have given this buffet 3 stars.  Everything else was just OK.  Very nice but OK.  The prime rib was very nice but I liked Bellagio's better for some reason.  From Apple crepes to fried rice, they were all pretty good.  However, the selections were very limited.  I was very disappointment with the eggs benedict...I guess it is standard practice to use hard eggs to keep the shape but hmm... Price:  $25 I think...We had $20/person vouchers so not sure of the EXACT price...sorry.Ambiance = Very nice.  Typical casino buffet style restaurant on the strip.  Clean and nice...nothing special.Service = Umm...  Had to ask for straw, every refill, piles of plates just left alone for a long time.  I think they were short staffed???....not sure.
4	Glad I didn't listen to the negative reviews and gave this place a shot since we were staying at the Mandalay Bay.  Roast Beef was quality and delicious.  Service was good and selection was decent.  Certainly 10x better than the buffet at Excalibur.  Will definitely pay the Bayside another visit when I'm back in Vegas.
3	Eh...pretty gross with not a lot of options.  Staff was very friendly
4	Food and service were quite good.I would give it 5 stars but I think its a bit overpriced. But I don't eat at buffets often so maybe im wrong.
2	This has to be one of the worst buffets I have ever been to that has definitely been overrated by word of mouth and on different Vegas websites. I got a complimentary buffet ticket and decided to try out the Bayside Buffet. It was not worth my time, empty calories or energy to make the trip to Mandalay Bay for this buffet. Crab legs were dry, prime rib was poorly marinated and not tender in the slightest. The panko crusted salmon was very good, though.I just returned from a recent trip with my family and ate her again strictly based on convenience and it was even worse than the first time. We also ate at the noodle restaurant at Mandalay Bay the next day for convenience as well and it was sooo disgusting. Mandalay Bay definitely needs to step up their game when it comes to their restaurants.One star for the pretty view from the back of the buffet and one star for the all you can drink wine, champagne, and beer during dinner.
1	For $28/person you should expect much more. The food is below average, the buffet selection is geared towards Asian folks I would say, but the quality is just not there. It's all about mass production of food. I can see why since it is at an extremely busy hotel but I would expect more for the price.The staff is friendly.
1	i guess there's an OK variety of options but nothing is good, and everything is far from exceptional. for the price of a dinner buffet, this is a complete joke.the service was nice but that's about it on the plus side.anyone who'd pay about $40 with tip is just looking to shovel food into their mouth without any care for basic taste, let alone quality of ingredients or preparation. they should rename this place the rich white trash buffet.
3	During our recent trip to Las Vegas, we went to the buffet at the M Hotel.  However, there was a very long line and the lady in front of me said it would be at least a 2 hour wait.  My hubby suggested that we just dine at the Mandalay Bayside Buffet since since we were staying there...I immediately agreed.We arrived at the Bayside Buffet for Sunday dinner which cost $29 per person and there was no line...sweet.  They have kiosk stations where you can pay for your dinner buffet and then get seated.  The buffet area is not as large as I expected but included the following:(1)  Open BarUnlimited champagne, white and red wine, and beer.  This was a pleasant surprise, especially since the champagne was pretty good.  Either get your drink at the bar area and/or just ask your server.(2)  American Section:Baked chicken, steamed and hot crab legs, braised oxtails, ribs, mashed potatoes, potato wedges, vegetables, a carving station for roast beef, turkey, and pork.(3)  Italian Section:Pasta bar, lasagna, chicken parmesan, sauteed vegetables(4)  Asian Section:Various dim sums, fried rice, noodles, stir fry veges, orange chicken, etc. (6)  Mexican Section:Taco Bar, Tamales, Rice, Beans and the fixings.(7)  Salad Bar:Very limited and messy.(8)  Cold Seafood Section:Oysters on the Half Shell, Shrimp Cocktail, and limited Sushi(9)  Dessert Section:Various types of desserts.My dinner consisted of the steamed crab legs with lots of butter, braised oxtail, vegetables, mashed potatoes, dessert, and lots of champagne.  I tried the roast beef, shrimp cocktail, and some of the other Italian offerings but they were just average....nothing special.The Bayside Buffet offers a great dinner value that includes your alcoholic drinks during dinner.  I would return for their crab legs and unlimited champagne.  3 Stars!
4	Good food for the price. Good selection.
2	I'm trying to figure out how such a great place like Mandalay Bay allows this lousy place to survive? This is not what I envision as part of my mLife experience! Most items were mediocre, tasteless, too dry, or just frozen food reheated. Desserts? Pitiful.I will credit a good waitstaff, but the kitchen staff looked bored. I would be too if I had to serve up this slop.MB management: how about it? Go sample the buffets at Bellagio, Wynn, and Wicked Spoon. Then shut this place and try again.
1	Anyone who gives this more than 1 star is still drunk from the night before. EVERYTHING is pathetic. People think all you can eat is worth a good review? Please. Get some taste.The waffles were either hard or soggy and tasteless. The bacon was a grease pile of fat, everything else is dried out or overcooked or tasteless. (La Quinta gives you fresher waffles for FREE with a $89 room.) Home fries were frozen patties, and pastries were stale and store bought, you can see the boxes!  Save the $25 per person and eat ANYWHERE else. Trust me on this one, there is NO reason to come here. Go to Red White and Blue or Raffles or just anywhere else... nothing was fresh or worth the wasted time here.
5	Best value in buffet dinner at the south end of the Strip.   INCLUDES wine and beer, as well as good dessert bar.  TOM, the waiter, is the best waiter there ... Great service, ask for him.
3	As a part of a hotels.com deal, we got a voucher for $40 to use, so we decided to try the breakfast/lunch buffet at Mandalay. Really nothing more than average at best. The selection wasn't phenomenal and the food was just your average buffet. I did like the carnitas and sausage, but there was nothing special about this place. It's $15 for breakfast and $20 for lunch. Not one of the more expensive buffets, but if we didn't get comped, it's not a place I'd return to.
3	3.5 starsMe and the lady are having a staycation here.  We wanted to sample the breakfast buffet already knowing of the low reviews. How can you mess up breakfast?They have to do something about the lines and the set up.  They have kiosks by the registers where people jump out of line and pay there then go wait to be seated. There are people that are waiting patiently in line for their turn. This is very confusing and irritating for customers waiting in line. All this does is aggitate the customer before going into the buffet where they get to find another irritating treat. The way they set up the place is you get in line and start at one side of the buffet. It's not set up to where there are sections of food for the customer. If you jump into the middle of the line to get some food, it will look like you're cutting in line. So if you want some more eggs or bacon, you have to wait in line to get to it? There were people cutting in line to get to stuff, but you can see people giving the stink eye or rude remarks. Something has to be done with this set up.Now with that out of the way...  Earlier I asked myself, "How can you mess up breakfast?"  Reading the low reviews about this place, we chanced 'em.  Being a breakfast SuperFreak, I wanted to sample the bacon 'n eggs. The bacon was up to par and the scrambled eggs were nice and fluffy. Amongst other things that were sampled were french toast, eggs benedict, and blueberry pancakes. "I'll Take It!!!" So far so good... Then my eyes gander at this serving of Ossobuco just chilling in front of me. (Ossobuco or osso buco is Italian for "bone with a hole" (osso bone, buco hole), a reference to the marrow hole at the center of the cross-cut veal shank. -Wikipedia) I'm all over it. I find some rice to go with the veal and marrow. Very surprised that this dish was at a breakfast buffet. EYE LIKA!!! Another nice selection that made up for the set up was the flank steak. What is this doing here?!? It was cooked at a nice medium rare.  I stuffed my face with it.I very much enjoyed the food at breakfast here. The last two said items were the winners in my eating experience. I want to give this place a higher rating, but the set up is really holding me back. I'd probably come back here during our next staycation. Try the breakfast buffet yallz.
2	For $30 a person this buffet isn't worth it. The items that are being served here don't stand out. Usual pasta, pizza, prime rib, crab legs, salads, etc. The food wasn't horrible but definitely not worth $30. The desserts were ok, but as usual there's was nothing that would make me come back. You're honestly better off spending the $30 per person and going to a nearby restaurant within the casino.5/10 (overpriced)
1	For the price this was not worth it. We much preferred the buffet last night at Le Village located in the Paris. That buffet actually cost a few dollars less and was much better. On our first walk around here we were surprised at how few things looked appealing to us. After eating some of the food we were even more disappointed.
1	God, what a waste of calories.  I don't remember how much we paid for this buffet.  I do remember it wasn't as pricey as the Bellagio buffet.  I'd say somewhere in the ball park of $25/pp on a weekend for brunch.Don't waste that money.  Fork out the extra dough and head over to the Bellagio buffet.  Everything here was poor quality.  Nothing was made fresh.  All the food is made long before it is served and stored in warmers.  It's either dry or flavorless when you get it.  There isn't much of a selection either. Last time I was here, I remember the chilaquiles being delicious.  This time, dry, dry, dry.  I saw a cook cleaning up one of the food stations, because as is common at a buffet, we folk get messy and spill a few noodles or two over the edge.  Instead of wiping it up and throwing the mess away, he threw it back in the pan, only to be served up to someone who didn't see it happen.  Yes! Food that had been sitting on the edge where everyone puts their hands and plates. Oh man, that's gross.  I guess this is the price I pay for indulging in the all too gluttonous Vegas buffet.  On the plus side, the servers and hostesses were all very nice and efficient.
2	Disappointed.  The Prime Rib was over cooked. I was expecting more for $29.99 per person.  Good selection but just not all that good.  Asian food so so.  Pizza tasted like frozen.  It feminded me of Vegas 15 years ago when $4.99 T Bones were the rage, except with new Vegas prices.
3	It's ok for its price, but I expected a bit more for a casino buffet.  The breakfast was probably better than the lunch too.
2	We paid like $35 or $38 for this buffet. The selections for dinner is reallllly small. I have been to better buffets in California. I almost sprained my ankle from walking to this hotel from imperial palace hotel just to eat here and left disappointed because I was expecting more.
3	Bayside Buffet on Mandalay Bay Casino really upgraded this buffet. We went a few years ago and it was terrible. We read they had changed it and decided to give it a try, esp since the line was not long. We ate the lunch buffet on a Friday and it was excellent. Granted there was not a 300+ item selection like the fancier buffets, but they had enough good food. Great carved meat selection, italian selection, and other items. Also, had a new dessert bar, not a lot of choices, with personal service and great selection. Very good! Definitely will go back.
4	We had the brunch.  Food was decent.  Service was good.  Price was reasonable.  Would go back again.
3	Food selection and quality are a bit above average for a buffet.  The $42.99/all day pass is definitely a bargain, but you'll end up eating too much and wondering why the heck you couldn't just be satisfied with one plate, since it's just not that good.  I'd recommend filling up on the shrimp/salmon/beef and skipping the sushi and greasy looking options.
1	not a good buffet  by any means starting with the service. when you arrive you have the option of using the self pay kiosk at the entrance. After two attempts and the kiosk telling me my visa didn't approve I went to the cashier. I was told the kiosk system was down temporarily. I handed my visa ( knowing it was good) to the cashier. after waiting a couple of minutes I told her i would just pay cash since they were having problems getting visa cards processed. Before I got to my table I get alerted on my iphone from chase that three charges just went through for $108 each from the buffet. I go back to the cashier and she directs me to the Manager who just seemed annoyed by the whole thing and tried to convince me they weren't charges because nothing printed up on their machine. When I pulled up my account  on my phone to show her, she wanted me to contact the bank to say it's an error. When I told her to make the call she did and it did get resolved, but , again, there wasn't much of an apology on the part of the buffet mgr. over what had happened. Aside from that, the waiter was great but the food sucked! For $25 a head at lunch , pick another buffet. this is one of the worst buffets Ive been too. I was surprised it being the Mandalay Bay, but the food was terrible.
1	Yuck.We were directed here by someone on the strip since the have the best seafood buffet around.  Not even close.As you walk in, you pay at a kiosk instead of a person.  They request a tip at that point which I thought was strange, but whatever.  I walked up to the counter to give my ticket, and the rude hostess stated that I, "needed to take myself over there."  Ummm....okay?  The hostess who sat us was pleasant.  We sat and waited a few minutes and a lady walked by and told us to go eat with out taking our drink order.  Walking up to the line I was excited to see all the seafood, and there were two different selections of fish.  Thats it!  No shrimp.  No crab legs.  The rest of the food was mushy or lacking flavor.  Basically I paid $25 for boxed mashed potatoes. From reviews it looks like breakfast is decent, otherwise I would stay away.  Plus its freezing in there.  My friend had to use the restroom (which they don't have one in the buffet) and they almost didn't let him back in because they were "closed."
1	Oops, I must have posted this on another link to this place.  Oh well, here's my review from July 2012...God, what a waste of calories.  I don't remember how much we paid for this buffet.  I do remember it wasn't as pricey as the Bellagio buffet.  I'd say somewhere in the ball park of $25/pp on a weekend for brunch.Don't waste that money.  Fork out the extra dough and head over to the Bellagio buffet.  Everything here was poor quality.  Nothing was made fresh.  All the food is made long before it is served and stored in warmers.  It's either dry or flavorless when you get it.  There isn't much of a selection either.Last time I was here, I remember the chilaquiles being delicious.  This time, dry, dry, dry.  I saw a cook cleaning up one of the food stations, because as is common at a buffet, we folk get messy and spill a few noodles or two over the edge.  Instead of wiping it up and throwing the mess away, he threw it back in the pan, only to be served up to someone who didn't see it happen.  Yes! Food that had been sitting on the edge where everyone puts their hands and plates. Oh man, that's gross.  I guess this is the price I pay for indulging in the all too gluttonous Vegas buffet.  On the plus side, the servers and hostesses were all very nice and efficient.
5	From the bad reviews I had little to no expectations when I came here. I stayed in the luxor and since it was a million degrees out my bf and I didn't want to go outside to find a decent breakfast buffet (luxor is connected to mandalay). After yelping a few places we decided on Bayside Buffet!!It was a little expensive because of the Labor Day Breakfast Special which was $25/person which included all you can drink mimosas and bloody marys. I think usually its less than $20/person.The food was actually pretty good. They had veal (DELICIOUS and sorry to those I offended), chicken fried steak, crab legs, make your own eggs station, prime rib and all the usual buffet options.One of the main reasons why I think this buffet gets 5 stars is the amazing view from the dining room. It overlooks the part of the pool so you get this very scenic almost tropical feeling when eating here. I think it was worth the price.
3	Self check-in kiosk is pretty cool, definitely helps speed up the line. There was no line at all anyways when I went, but I still insisted on using the kiosk.There were a few standout items here in my mind. Prime rib was decent, and oxtail was good. Everything else was just okay. They did have king crab, but I'm not a huge fan of it.Unlimited beer and wine included with your meal. Totally awesome aspect there.
5	I want to start out explaining that my mother was recently married, had the ceremony at the Luxor, and we had the reception at the Bayside Buffet with a party of 22 people, which they allowed us to make reservations. It was still $30 per person and since we had a reservation and a large party we paid a $150 fee. We decided to take the party there purely for the convenience of location and the fact that it is UNLIMITED, that's right UNLIMITED beer, wine, and champagne! With a party of 22 people, with the majority being big drinkers this was perfect! We had champagne to toast for my mother and her newly-wed husband. Beer for my uncles and wine for my aunts. Unfortunately, unlimited beer only included bud light. The wine a merlot and chardonay, which were light and fruity. I didn't have a chance to try the sushi, but my aunt (who usually does not like buffets) said it was pretty good and my boyfriend (another non-fan of buffets) said the prime roast was pretty good, but a little fatty. The dessert bar was also pretty good, dont' recommend the ice cream, which tasted more like creamy icee, but definitely do the German chocolate cake and cookies! I also want to mention Barbara who was our server. She was very patient with us all and was on top of all our drinks and clearing off the tables. Good Job Barbara!
4	Funny thing about Mandalay Bay - you get up for breakfast, and you go to the small restaurant that serves, and by the time you get eggs, a side, toast, OJ, and coffee, you're out $25/person.  Makes WAY more sense to hit the Bayside Buffet, where you get all the above, plus a gazillion more items, for the same price.  It's an interesting breakfast buffet.  All the typical things you'd find for breakfast (including omelets), but all the things you'd find in a dinner buffet too.  That aside, great choice, high quality items, and a reasonable price.  Note - the person seating you doesn't tell you this, but pastries are on the opposite side of the restaurant from the rest of the food choices.  Weird, and easy to miss.Overall, recommended.
4	Wow, four months is a long time to go without hitting these great Vegas Buffets, so Robyn N., Mike C. & I made an emergency run up here to hit a few more of them & Day One was Mandalay Bay here.Now if you're a cheapo such as myself, the trick is to arrive a little before 11 AM & get the lower breakfast price while enjoying the expanded choice of treats that the breakfast & lunch Buffets combined offer!  In this case, we arrived a little after 11 AM so the admission fee was $19.99.The atmosphere here is lovely, with the "Bay" sort of wrapping around the restaurant & it's pleasant to view through the wrap-around glass.  The place is nice inside & our table service was excellent.  It's a bit hard to be sure you have gotten to all of the serving tables, as they are somewhat scattered about the place but the food is very good & this would be the very best Buffet in almost any other city in the world!  Here, it came in ahead of Harrah's for me, because it's up to date in style, but it wasn't "incredible", which is getting to be the norm here in Vegas!
1	Zero stars, ya digggg. 1 star because i had to. This place is the shitter hole. I tried 2 other LV Buffets, and take my advice: GO STRAIGHT TO the Wicked Spoon Buffet at The Cosmopolitan. Best gosh darn food, ginormous selections, and great service. All the sites say it's the best, and hands down, it is. Mandalay Bayside Buffet had the worst crap to eat + shittt service. So bad that we asked to talk to the manager, and she didnt do anything about our experience. NO one cleared our tables the whole hour we were there. When we walked personally to get the managers attention, she was snooty towards us. SAYONARA MAH DUDES won't be giving you a 2nd chance because of your uncaring restaurant presence. So many other choices, you should be on top of your game.Waste of my hard earned Vegas money.
1	Was not pleased with the selection of food & the taste of it all but the vanilla yogurt & fresh fruit was very bland.
3	While my wife and I only had breakfast and brunch here, we did go twice, so I feel this review is representative of the kind of food and service you should expect.  The hostess service that works the line after payment takes longer than expected to get you to your table considering it is a buffet.  I guess there are still server sections, so maybe this makes sense.  I was glad to see a hot carafe of coffee already on the table as we sat down.  The server will then take your drink order for nearly any other juice or hot beverage.  The first thing I'll mention about the food selection is that the prime rib was surprisingly good, I mean really good.  There was a nice salty, herb crust on the outside which was quite satisfying.  The omelet station was very busy, but the cook was quickly working 5-6 omelets as once, while dealing out Las Vegas and Mandalay Bay anecdotes.  Nice touch and better than staring blankly at him while he cooks.  The cheese blintz were quite good and very addictive.  I'd recommend throwing some strawberry sauce on top.  If you are a carb-ovore, you will be pleased with an entire bakery selection on the opposite side of the dining area.  Overall, a nice breakfast, but nothing that will be memorable outside of this review.  It's relatively inexpensive at $17 for breakfast and $24 for brunch (in terms of Las Vegas anyhow.)  It is also convenient, especially if you are coming from THEhotel or the Mandalay Bay hotel rooms on your way to the convention center.
4	While our bodies are our instruments and we should treat them like temples, every so often, I enjoy treating mine like a tent. Enter the all-you-can-eat Las Vegas buffet.My DC and I ate pretty darn well here. Lots and lots of options, yet it wasn't overwhelming. I am not a salmon fanatic but I had 2 different kinds (smoked and panko-crusted) and both were probably the best things I ate. My pal gave big snaps for the tamales. Crab legs were yumm-o. Desserts are also quite plentiful and I only wish I had room to try more of them. The buffet also includes unlimited beer, wine, and champagne. Nice touch.I think the best thing about Bayside (aside from having the same name as the Saved By The Bell high school.....please know I am kidding....) was the service....plates were cleared lickity-split and everyone who worked here was smiling and pleasant. Service can really make or break a dining experience for me, and I am glad to say that Bayside's staff impressed me. This was my first trip to Vegas in awhile and I did not try any other buffet during my visit, so I can't say how it compares to others.....but I'd certainly make a tent out of myself here again.
4	I was satisfied with this buffet, entrance was around $20-25 each for my lady and I.  We enjoyed the food and we were stuffed, prime rib was good and so were the shrimp cocktails, they were fresh.  They have a little assortment of sushi.  We had a nice view of Mandalay bay and the backside of Vegas.  Didn't really enjoy the desserts and lines would get long but was worth the wait.  The look on some people's faces at the buffet like they havnt eaten in weeks.  Overall decent price for a decent buffet, gets crowded and service was fair.
2	*really dang sub par to average quality of food*the shrimp/prawns are decent, also liked the custom omellete*spendy but what person can eat more than 40 bucks worth of buffet food (except Joey Chestnut)
2	This was pretty awful for $25. the food really did taste like it had been sitting there for hours. I stayed away from the seafood, my co-worker looked unpleased, but thankfully wasn't too miserable later on.
3	Ate brunch here and I liked their selection of food.. not normally a fan of buffets but after eating at MGM buffet, it made this place look good.
5	Just had Sunday Brunch here. I actually enjoy it this time around. My first time here was back in 2004 and it was better than, but this trip I had brunch there and the food is amazing. I had a great time. It is probably because I was with my family, but either way the food is amazing when it is Sunday Brunch. I highly recommend this buffet over Paris Buffet. I still like Paris Buffet but this is nicer.
5	This is the only buffet I have eaten at in Vegas and I love it! For around $25 you get an all you can eat buffet with good quality food. I am not sure if this is a regular feature, but house wine and beer were also included in the cost. Score! The staff is really helpful - one of the hostesses went out of her way to find us the house wine when we noticed they had already closed down the "bar."Upon entering, you can pay for your meal at a kiosk which is super helpful if you're with a group and want separate checks - it's already taken care of! Then you get seated and eat until your waistband can't take it anymore.They don't take reservations but there was no line when my friends and I arrived.
5	Great brunch Buffet! Many options to have. Very reasonably priced.....under $25. The quality of the food was good.  We have walked away from buffet's when they looked like hometown Buffet's......this one does not. We also tried the Palms brunch which was double this price and totally NOT worth it!! You can have a healthy brunch or not......but you definitely have an option. I didn't try the crab legs but they looked good :)
1	My friends and I decided to go here on a whim and it sure did a good job of disappointing. There was a poor selection of food and the quality of the food wasn't good at all. I think I filled up on seaweed salad and smoked salmon that day. The desserts were a joke--they just looked something my brother made (and no, that's not necessarily a good thing). Do yourself a favor and save your money for someplace else.
1	My husband and I ate at the buffet for lunch.  The selection and quality of the food were very poor.  The food didn't look or taste fresh.  Food court food tastes better to me than what was offered at the buffet.  I do not think that the food was worth the price at all.  I left the buffet unsatisfied, hungry, and with an upset stomach (both literally and figuratively).
1	Terrible nothing tasted right. Maybe I'm spoiled because I always eat at the buffet at the Wynn but this was disgusting. What a waste. Cold eggs stale waffles fatty bacon and ham. The only saving grace was  the omelette and even that was mediocre at best.
3	This buffet is OK -- but nothing special at all.  We ate here because we had a resort credit to spend, but wouldn't have otherwise gone here.  Not much more to say.
3	There was poor selection of foods.The quality of foods was just low.It is not worth to pay $30.00 plus at all.
1	Poor quality food and little selection. Got a rude server! Don't waste your time here!!
2	Came here for dinner.Crab legs - pretty good.  Not gigantic size but easy to crack open which is my peeve with crab.  Cold legs were plentiful and always piled high in the serving area.salad bar area - pathetic.  I've seen a better salad bar at hometown buffet.  so sad.desserts - blah.  frozen yogurt dispenser?  Where was I, Soupplantation?  They need to get with the times and have a gellato machine.Without getting into all of the food I consumed, the hot dishes were mediocre at best, and that is on the standard buffet scale.  the only reason we ate here was to use up the $75 food voucher.Service was great.  Our friendly server kept our drinks filled and tables cleared.
3	Overall: Come here for the crab legs, salad, shrimp cocktail, fried shrimp, the corn on the cob, free champagne and the tiramisu! Other than that, this buffet isn't anything special compared to the other ones. Wish they had better dessert selection (the ice cream are those machines from Souplantation, although they do have waffle cones). Compared to the other buffets, I feel like Bayside is on the lower end of the wow spectrum. I've eaten at Rio's buffet, Paris and the Spice Market, and I feel like all three of those were better than Bayside. The only reason we came here was because Mandalay Bay offered us $75 for us to spend on any of their dining facilities.  So for about $50 for four people, it was a pretty decent meal. The price may be cheaper on regular days, but Vegas is really spicing things up and taking advantage of the Christmas season. No longer are the buffets only expensive on Christmas DAY, but they've taken the whole Christmas week and jacked up the prices by about $10 to $20 dollars! Because of this, there weren't that many people the night we ate here. Granted we arrived at around 5:30 for dinner, but we were seated fairly quickly. They have different dining areas, but my mom wanted a table of its own rather than sitting at a booth connected to two other tables. We got a very nice table close to the salad bar with a very nice elderly waiter. Throughout the night I felt very sorry for just giving him all my plates of uneaten food or food I just wanted to try because he had so much to do and so many other people to serve. Anyway, there's the salad bar (with lots of different toppings - turkey, corn, mushroom, etc and a plethora of dressing), the Italian station, sushi/breakfast/shrimp cocktail, Asian food, an Italian pasta station, a prime rib/turkey/chicken station, crab legs, dessert and a champagne/beer bar section. The champagne and beer are included in the fee you pay. I was so excited going up and asking for a champagne, and they didn't even card me! Anyway, the food selection is pretty good but the food itself isn't so great. The ribs were icky and cold, the prime rib tasted fake (just like at the Victorian Cafe!) and the pasta wasn't too tasty either. The best things there were the shrimp cocktail, the salad, the fried shrimp, and the hot crab legs (make sure you get big ones as people tend to take those right away), the hot corn on the cob and the tiramisu! Loveeddd the tiramisu out of all the other desserts. I think I ate four or five of those in the little small cups. Left a tip for the waiter and left on a slightly happy (because of the tiramisu) slightly disappointed mood.
4	Went here for breakfast and the selection and food was good.
5	I was here back in 2010 and the buffet was a lot better than our friends over at Treasure Island. I think that the Bayside buffet is more than desirable and I have been to many buffets and fine resaurants since. It's a shame to see so many poor reviews on here, being that my experience was spectacular. There is a beautiful ambiance, it was one of the most reasonably priced buffets that I had been to ($30). There offerings were vast, with no dry, soggy or less than approachable delicacies and I left with food in napkins! It was that good!
4	Bayside Buffet serves great breakfast dishes. We stuffed ourselves silly with eggs (they have at least 3 different kinds including Omellete), Lox, Potatoes, Fruits, Yogurt, Waffles, Pancakes, and other breakfast offerings.It's nice to go to a buffet that is not super fancy. I know it's a trend right now in Vegas, but sometimes nothing wrong with sticking with basic food and Bayside Buffet is great at doing that. P.S.: We stopped by at MLife desk and asked if they could give us discount for buffet. The lady at the desk checked my MLife account and gave me $11 voucher. Pretty much I got my breakfast buffet for $4. Pretty good deal I say.
3	Friends from out of town who were staying at The Hotel asked me to join them for dinner at the Bayside Buffet.  I had been here once before many years ago, and I remembered it as being a good, solid place.  It's pretty much the same now.Among some of the things I tires, the Chinese broccoli with lots of garlic was outstanding.  The BBQ chicken pizza was good, too.  The prime rib was standard and was much of the other things I tried from the buffet.  There were no gourmet dishes but there was nothing that was bad.They have free wine and beer with dinner which may be a plus for some people.  One of my friends did not care for the wine she got but she and her husband were pleased with the buffet also,I think the place it was lacking was at the dessert area.  I ended up with two chocolate cakes and a raspberry cake.  The two raspberry and square chocolate cakes were OK but the chocolate cake cut like a pie wedge was outstanding!  It was quite rich--almost decadent.I'd recommend this place for someone who's staying at Mandalay Bay, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.  There are better buffet options available on the Strip but at a few dollars more for the most part.
4	Let me start off saying that Mandalay Buffet might not have as many dishes as some other buffet's but it makes up for it in quality.Upon viewing the selection of food I was kinda itching for a bit more but after taking a few bites from a well cooked steak with a perfect crusted salmon to go with it I instantly gave it high approval even with the less of a selection. The sides were very tasty too everything just had a good quality of taste to it.Dessert wise I had a few pieces of cake that were equally outstanding. The ambiance of this buffet was very relaxing with a slight dim of the light and some nice scenery outside the windows.For a price of $30+ tax I was very happy with the choice once again quality gave it high reviews and easily made up for a lack of major selection of food.
2	So in Vegas I want to enjoy the delicious food and all the great buffets they have around there!!! Of course some people don't eat like I do, so I had to accomodate their eating habits... not just mine... Especially when buffets are $30+ every where you go!  I did not take advantage of the 24 hour buffet pass, which I will DEF do the next time I go to Vegas!! It is well worth it!! I ate at Bayside Buffet this weekend... and I must say... it was just ok.  I enjoyed the selections, although I wish there was more flavor other then MSG in everything. After the first plate I was already feeling bloated and full. I did however enjoy the prime rib, the beef stew dish they had, and the pasta creation I made with shrimp.  But the food was just not worth $29.99!! I'd eat at Ceasar's Palace or the Rio!! Or even the M that everyone was raving about!!
4	Yay!  I stay at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay once every 3-4 months for a long weekend, and always eat several meals at this buffet.  I really like the fact that it has windows overlooking the palm-studded pool area, a rarity in this town of indoor, windowless restaurants.  The food has unfortunately been going downhill for the last few years, but I noticed on this last visit that the quality has been improved.  They have brought back the strawberries, and the larger, peeled shrimp.  The crab legs are also better quality than they have been.  The fried shrimp are also better, with less batter and a good dipping sauce.  Score!  If they would only bring back the homemade granola with pistachio nuts...
4	If you are looking for a high quality brunch buffet, this is it. Very wide spread. Definitely worth the 25$ you pay.Expect insane queues during the weekends. We had to wait for over an hour for a table.
1	Really?  Anyone who gives this place more then 2-3 stars literally has no taste buds.  We came here for dinner...$30.  I was expecting at least decent food and this was no where near decent.  The crab legs were grey...not bright orange/red like they are supposed to be, dull, smelled so fishy and tasted horrible.  I tried as much as I could, here was everything that was disgusting...Mashed potatoes - Fake, potato flakes, blah.MeatballsAll the chinese food - cold, could tell it was sitting out there forever!Salad - No dressings were labeled, the toppings were things you would see at Sizzler, but worse.Broccoli - Cold and no flavorPasta bar - watery sauce, no flavorBraised short ribs - MSG all dayIce cream - Non fat frozen yogurt, disgustingAll other desert - Tasted like it came from a factoryThe only decent thing was the prime rib and the fact that you get wine at no extra charge, that is the only reason it get's 1 star.Not worth the money and not worth the stomach ache later.
3	Acceptable buffet. They have a theme setting around the buffet; Asian, Mexican, Southern, Italian. Salad bar was great. Desserts were ok. The meat was pretty good, chicken a bit dry. Still having trouble swallowing the high prices.
3	Pretty good food. Large selection. Beer and wine were included which was a nice bonus!
4	Forgot I had drafted a review for this place while I was eating breakfast there. My draft didn't have much info...------------------15.99 per person for breakfast.-rice and salmon for breakfast! It's like they know asian people don't eat cereal and waffles for breakfast! =D-homie making my omelette is so serious...Whoa look at how fast he's going! I need to learn how to cook...oh crap that's a lot of cheddar. I forgot my lactaid... What's your name buddy? Iggie...k if my omelette sucks I'm putting you on blast on yelp.........OMG IGGIE! BEST OMELETTE EVER! NOMNOMNOM...-----I don't remember the specific details as this was a while back but for me to use that many caps it must've been a damn good omelette...
2	OK a buffet is a buffet is a buffet so to speak and this past Sunday normal breakfast buffet well its Sunday its $24.99 for Brunch at this long time Mandalay staple.  8 of us roll in for brunch and we get Mr. Charming for a server who could give to phuck's about us or serving us. After his first presentation of Coffee and juices it was like partying the red sea to get hot coffee, more juice or waters for the table.  He also insisted on $5.40 UP FRONT when ordering a bloody Mary? House policy I don't know but man that is pretty lame. What are we going to do stiff him on a drink?   On to the food everything you can want in a buffet and more from a option stand point.  Brunch Sunday had shrimp, king crab legs, various fish etc on one table.   Second leg was typical eggs, sides, waffles, French toast and a host of various potatoes.  Fresh made omelet station was 1 guy and took forever to get your eggs.  Carving station with fresh Ham, Prime Rib & Turkey was best of the lot.  Hot station with various chicken, so-so bucco, and then Chinese options.  Cereal and fruit station was good and fresh followed by large desert tray bar that was well bland. All and all the food was bland and not very innovative and we never did get or were offered any Champagne which was part of the brunch.  The server sucked, the food bland and the carpet was warn and dated. Time for an upgrade to this place.  A generous two stars.
1	With all the new upscale buffets in town, this one is not worth your time.  We sat for a weekend breakfast (which now they all call "brunch" so they can charge an extra ten bucks) and was disappointed.  I can make eggs at home for about 50 cents, and wasn't about to wait on line for 20 minutes for an omelet.  Had lately been craving fried chicken so was happy to get a few pieces only to find that it was so dry it must have been cooked last week.  Giving up on the breakfast and lunch selections, I figured I'd hit the desert section-  only to find more dryness in the cakes and lame selection.  Nothing looks homemade.  Never been to a buffet where in total I ate less than one plate of food.  There was nothing here to desire.  Cost for 2:  $54 plus tip.
5	5 Stars for the crab legs and shrimp cocktail. I haven't had this buffet in years, so I was pleasantly surprised to find that what I loved about them before -- the crab legs -- is as good as ever.I'm sure other items were delicious, too, but I honestly can't remember. My friend and I were having a crazy huge craving for crab legs and had a less than satisfying crab legs experience the night before, so getting them here (so fresh!) AND finding plump, perfectly cooked shrimp cocktail, was pure gastronomical joy.The service was excellent, too -- everyone smiley and happy -- even though we made a big mess. Yes, I can't believe I became one of 'those Asians' that had plates of crab legs in the middle of their table to share. I swore I would never do that till I was at least in the my eighties...but that's how good those legs were...A must go again.FYI: We also had the breakfast buffet here the next morning -- the food was fine, but the morning service was lacking.
2	You pay $24.99 for a "so-so" buffet. There wasn't much for us for brunch. Granted they had a omelette station but we've been to Golden Corral's with more selection then this place. Being in the Mandalay Bay hotel/casino, I expected a lot more. We had to wait a while in line but we left with frozen yogurt soft serve in a waffle cone. yum!
2	For $30 a person, I was sorely disappointed. First, I was lame and thought I could use my "Mlife" card for the buffet but was told that my card was too lowly for that privilege (the sign only said "Mlife" with no reference to color. I was brutally rebuffed by the cashier and sent back to join the other lowlifes in the other line after paying in her line). Never the less we resolved to keep our tradition of trying the buffet of the hotel we stay at. Then we were charged for my son who should have been free. I had to get back in line to dispute it with the cashier who insisted that he was not free. When the other cashier notified her that she was wrong, I had to wait for a manager to receive a refund. The layout was a bit confusing. There were stations on opposite sides of the restaurant. My husband asked if I missed "the other section" which I had. I asked him if he knew they had a "dessert section" which he did not. The assortment of food was ordinary. I've paid less at the Red Rock and got a better variety and quality of food. I tried the crab leg even though I don't ordinarily eat it. I guess I had to feel like I ate my money's worth since there wasn't anything else there that was spectacular. Eggs were runny, waffles were deflated, bacon was soggy, danishes were like cardboard. I struggled with the crab legs and received fishy fingers and hardly any meat for my trouble. My son and daughter had only cereal (little boxes of Fruit Loops and Lucky Charms) and potato hash brown patty. They didn't care for anything else. The scrambled egg had onions in them so they stayed away from that. The bacon was all fat so it freaked them out. After finishing one little box each, they asked for a second one. I went back to find them seconds of their cereals, but there was only Corn Flakes and Raisin Bran. I asked the woman working in the section if there were more. She replied, "Eh?!" like she was about to kick my ass for disrupting her. I asked again and she replies a little too loudly, "Lemme check." Then she threw out the box of cereals, searched for any that were different from Corn Flakes or Raisin Bran, then said," No, thas all I got." So we paid $22 for my daughter to have one box of cereal and a hash brown patty. At least my son ended up being free. Oh and the coffee!! Way way way too strong. At least I could dilute it with creamer. My husband, who takes his black with sugar, went to Starbucks afterward. Mediocre service. I will not be coming to this buffet again. I now can see why there was no line when we went in even though it was after 11:00 a.m. on a Saturday on Memorial weekend. Usually we have to arrive early to beat buffet crowds.
4	Came on a Sunday, for dinner, was around $33 a person. Selection of food was smaller than buffets in Wynn, Cosmo, Aria, but still pretty good. crab legs, shrimp, prime rib, ox tail, ribs, pick your own ingredients pasta. Sure the selection is smaller, but still the quality was good. perfect place to chow down after having a blast at their newest day club Daylight.
3	What can you really say about a buffet in Vegas that hasn't already been said. This was my second time at the Bayside Buffet. It's actually one of the better ones I've had, but buffet food is never going to be amazing. Some of the pluses ... it has free champaign/beer/wine (option are limited, but still counts) ... crab legs (score!) ... and the dessert options are plentiful (though not all very good). The pasta bar is great - though expect to wait a bit.Everything else was so-so. The prime rib was a bit too rare for me, but apparently you can have them grill it some more for you (which my aunt did, who knew?). Overall not a bad buffet experience. I'd go back if I'm in the Mandalay Bay and wanted a massive amount of food ... but otherwise there are other places I'd rather tryout first.
4	This is great place for a buffet. a right price for decent food. a lot of choice specially their Prime Rib is so tender.
5	love love love! best service out of all 4 buffets we tried on our trip! the entire hotel feels like your  at a beach side resort and loved the feel of it! i absolutely loved their selection and everything was quality, tasty, and the right temperature!!!!!!!!! amazing fruit!!!(horrible ranch dressing though)my favorite buffet yet! will be back!
5	Great food!  Nice variety of choices!
4	Best priced buffet on The Strip and it was really good. Not amazing,  but pretty good. I liked the sushi, carved turkey (soo good) and the mashed potatoes. Not a great selection of soups, but then again, who goes to a buffet for soup? Dessert was the best part
1	Vegetarians take note: $30 will buy you all the wilty iceberg lettuce, overcooked white rice, baked potato, and oily asparagus your heart desires. Or you can just ask for your money back and go someplace else.
3	The food selection is decent, the taste of the food is good enough not to complain but nothing to write home about.  Examples include only bud as a beer option, best item would be the breaded shrimp although there is a lot of breading, and the breads are about as hard as a rock.Service is real good, quick and on par.  Deserts are definitely not up to snuff, not much selection, the yogurt melts in a few seconds.  Check it out if you are in the area, but would not make a trip just for this.
4	I'm torn on my review because breakfast buffet is a 5 star but dinner was maybe a 3 star. Very disappointed in the dinner buffet. However, the breakfast buffet was awesome! Maple syrup with pecans  in it. OMG, I think I gained 10 pounds last week I ate so much. Breakfast was so fresh! Large variety and clean.  However, the dinner buffet must have hade a different crew of workers on and was the complete opposite. Try the breakfast!
4	They rocked out their buffet with crab legs, prime rib, shrimp, Spanish rice, too long to name.  Needless to say, they had a wine/champagne station!!!I will go back.
4	Their brunch buffet will set  you back a few thousand calories. Lots of eggy, hot things.. Pastries, good coffee...but a pretty penny. Oh.. and ready self for the queues.
1	This used to be my favorite brunch buffet because the food was always good and we always got seated near the windows with the great views.  I was shocked at how bad the food was on our last visit.  The crab legs were extremely dry and appeared to be leftovers from the night before.  Most of the food wasn't very appetizing.  We won't be coming back here again.
3	Very delicious. Tap water was nasty and the wait, but it's expected. Other than that, nice nice nice.
2	This buffet leaves much to be desired.  There's too much of a mish mash of food.  After eating here, my stomach started making funny noises because I had mixed too many random eats from corn to prime rib to broccoli to salsa/chips to crab legs to strawberries to battered cod to eggs & bacon. You get my drift!  Save your $30 and go dine at a restaurant instead - there's plenty within Mandalay Bay from Border Grill to House of Blues to Slice of Vegas.
4	This Buffet is LEGIT! Came on a Sunday around 230pm and the selection was insane! The food tastes good and the staff is awesome!
4	Looking for Lychee? Bayside buffet has it for breakfast!
2	Went here for dinner and it was less than mediocre. Only decent food are the crab legs and prime rib.
4	Oh this Buffet was ON!!!!.Only after having my girlfriend hassle me about coming here because she was told this buffet was good, I finally buckled down and we took the trip to Bayside buffet.This place did not disappoint. The was a great selection of food, and the price wasn't shabby considering we shelled out $50 plus on Rio's buffet( thumbs down, later on that review), and they included beer and wine in the price of the buffett.......CHEA!!!!So I am a crab leg eatin mutha sumthin..... And I was completely glutenous with it.The crab legs were good, not overcooked. The salmon with cracker crusted on top was awesome.  They even had ox tail, which I was surprised, and they made it better than some of the Caribbean restaurants I frequent.  The shrimp, pizza, etc. For the most part everything was delicious. I wasn't a big fan of the sushi, but who the hell cares, BRING ON THE CRAB LEGS!!!we came back here the day after next, and  it was just as good. The service was great. The food kept coming, nothing left empty, clean. I'm a fan Thumbs up to Bayside.
3	PROS:- They have a wide selection of food, including crab legs.CONS:- The lines to get in can be long.
5	The all you can eat buffet is the best.  I love the hot all you can eat CRAB!  They don't have the all day pass anymore which was a disappointment.  Overall my family enjoyed it!   Thank you!
3	My friend made me promise we could go to at least one buffet while we were in Vegas. Buffets aren't really my thing, but this one was decent. Food was pretty good; and I thought it was pretty cool that they had tamales. It wasn't overcrowded, but on a Saturday night I would think they should have more then one cashier. I tried a few things I didn't like, but that's just my taste buds. Except the rolls, those were rock hard. Our server was nice, and helpful when we had questions.
3	Really good variety of food. Prime rib, crab legs, sushi. Plenty of good stuff. That being said, I started having some GI issues a couple of hours later. Was it the food there or something else? Also ate at Wicked Spoon. This is a decent buffet. Our server was really good so I added the extra star
2	Meh. I love L V Buffets but this one is just meh. The Chinese food offerings were all stale and tough had been sitting way too long on the steam table. Ditto the pizza and enchiladas and hot dishes. The carved prime rib was better than typical of L V buffets, however. The crab legs are huge and plentiful. The dessert table is very weak relative to L V Buffet standards. If you are there and it is part of a hotel package, of course go and eat hearty. If you are serious about a good buffet experience, cab it up to the Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan or the one at the Wynn. Worth the trip, the fare and the effort.
4	Bottomless mimosas. That are truly bottomless. As in we were here for two plus hours, only one of them eating.Lots of food buffet selection- I made the mistake of thinking both sides were the same, but they are actually different so I did not pace myself well.Favorites were the shrimp, prime rib, corn, and they even had sushi. We also saw lots of people loading up on crab legs.. I guess I should learn to like them!For us, it was included in the room charge at The Hotel, so definitely worth it. Surprisingly great service too for a buffet- we always had a full mimosa and clean plate.
4	Unlimited wine, champagne, and beer! Need I say more?...Food - 9/10Tasted great and freshly prepared.Service - 10/10Waiters/Waitresses were very attentive and polite.Variety - 7/10Was lacking in this department in comparison to some other casino buffets I've visited.Price - ~$30/per personVery good price considering the free unlimited alcohol, great food, and excellent service.Had a good experience overall and would definitely recommend visiting this buffet.*September 2013
3	I feel bad just giving this place 3 stars, because the selection was fantastic, both in terms of quantity and diversity.  Lots of delicious choices.We went in at lunch.  It wasn't dead, but wasn't swamped either, but it took us awhile to get any water with our meal.  I had to chase down a wait her to get some!  However, he was quite attentive to us after that and even brought us our own caraffe.The thing that really pulls this buffet down to 3 stars for me was all of the seafood that I tried.  I tried the cioppino, the panko salmon, and some sushi rolls.  I am a seafood fan, but this fish tasted TOO fishy, to the point where I only took a bite of each.  I love sushi, but by no means am a sushi snob (I will even go to a higher quality conveyor belt place and enjoy it), and the bite I took of my roll here made me feel sick to my stomach.  Sushi, in my opinion, should NEVER have a strong "fishy" taste, but this sushi did.If you steer clear of the sushi, though, there is SO much to choose from, and all of it that I tried is fantastic!
2	Meh. I came during lunch over Labor Day weekend. It was just ok. Nothing really stood out. I'd have done better with pizza from Paris.
3	Not a great Buffett for lunch. Most if the food tasted like re-heated food and not a lot of good variety. Also very poor choices for vegetarians. We had 2 free Buffett coupons so glad I didn't pay extra for this mediocre Buffett. Only good things were fruit was really fresh and nice and servers were nice and decor was nice, but they should invest more in the food than the decor.
4	Dinner was better than lunch.  Crab legs!  Prime Rib!  Free beer and wine!  Everything I tried was yummy!  I had the tomato bisque soup, which was good.
5	I don't hand out a 5 star rating often, but this place was that good!I came here with my family for lunch & was impressed with the selection of entrees ( the NY Strip was real good , panko- crusted Salmon was great) Dessert was top notch & service was awesome...I loved it.Glad I stopped in for lunch!
4	Yeay!  All you can drink with included with your dinner...!Wine, champagne or beer...!
3	I was in Las Vegas last month for a business trip and I came here for a quick lunch with a coworker. There was no line, we swiped our cards to pay ahead of time and we were seated promptly.  It was during the week, so maybe that's why it wasn't super crowded. You could even tip ahead of time. That always makes me nervous - will we get good service? The waitress came right out and took our drink orders. She was constantly picking up plates and filling up our drinks so that worked out great.The food selection was varied and good. As with any buffet, nothing was amazing, but they had several fish alternatives, sushi that was made periodically throughout the day, prime rib that was cooked medium rare, salad bar, Mexican, Chinese, vegetables and a dessert bar. Plus tons more. In fact, I filled up my plate once and then saw a completely different section afterwards.I'd definitely go back if I was in town again. It's a convenient, efficient, relatively inexpensive (for Mandalay Bay area) meal.
1	When you think of Mandalay Bay, you think high end. Lots of great restaurants, shops, etc.. So when we were in a hurry and wanted a buffet near by, we chose here. I always regret not looking at Yelp first, but there is no way that a nice upscale hotel like this would have a bad buffet, right? WRONG!The place was about 2/3 full, yet we waited for at least 15 min to be seated. The food selection was minimal, and you could tell that it wasn't turning regularly as many of the dishes looked over cooked, and old. As expected, taste was the same. Cold once out from under the heat lamp, soggy, or hard. With such a small amount of choices, you would think that it would be easy to keep the name tags in front of the proper food, but most items had the wrong tags and many had none at all.The short of it is don't eat here. Go to one of the other restaurants at Mandalay, or if you want a buffet, find a different one down the strip. Very strong chance any of them will be better.
2	It's just an OK buffet.  More Asian food than many places and not that big.  I would have given it a three star rating, but I totally got sick after eating here.   I liked that they have sugar free desserts.I don't think I will go here again.  There's some terrific restaurants in Mandalay Bay so it's really silly to go here and take a chance on food poisoning.
5	Reasonable price and good crab legs and shrimp. I been there a few times and they are very quick to sit you down. Good buffet.
4	I still love, love the braised oxtail. Most everything here is done well for a buffet. Like any buffet, some things die while on display.. But most of the fast movers cycle through three or four times while you are visiting.
4	Ate here for breakfast before heading to Zion. Breakfast is $17/person. For the price, I think there is a good selection of breakfast items... and everything I had tasted good. The service here was very good and the waiter brought the orange juice and coffee before we even asked while we were getting our food. They have salmon for breakfast... and even steak! There are a variety of breakfast crepes, pancakes, waffles, has browns, bacon... all the typical breakfast items. There is a selection of pastries and doughnuts at the desserts area. I had some and they were very good and I wanted to try more but I was stuffed. There is also an omelet station and you can get eggs that are not scrambled there as well. I would come back here for food again... but it is far from the main areas of the strip. The view while eating is beautiful though... overlooking the pool and waterfall.
2	The gourmet buffet wars are really heating up in Las Vegas... it seems every few weeks there is a buffet pushing the limits of gourmet in a self serve setting. And I couldn't be happier. However, I am sad to see that the Bayside Buffet at the Mandalay bay is starting to show it's age. The food isnt bad, the service is fine.... but the hotel and resort in general get you in the mindset of expecting that high end experience, and the buffet just doesn't deliver. I think we can expect to see this buffet be one of the next to undergo a major remodel and upgrade...if they don't...I don't see them keeping those tables full.
4	Great buffet for the price. $30 includes wine and a nice selection of salads, Italian, Asian and American type foods. Quality is good with no complaints with any of the offering. I've had better and worst but this is a great value buffet.
1	ABSOLUTE CRAP. We were staying at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay and I mistakenly suggested that we try the buffet for breakfast. Service was horrid - it took forever to get coffee, juice, creamer. I think our server was busing tables too, so maybe they were just understaffed. Every station had an insane line. The set up the restaurant is just bad - none of the sections have two sides so every area is a choke point. The food was marginal, at best. This was such a horrid mistake - unless you are into Quantity over Quality, skip the buffet and eat at someplace like Citizens, instead.
1	The WORST buffet I've ever had in Vegas! Spare yourself the money and go to ANYWHERE else! I tried many things and it was all awful! Should have asked for my money back; but I'll help you save yours-- PASS this place!
1	Bayside Buffet is what America is all about - the bland, mediocre food, and lots of it.  This might be great if you have a tapeworm, but there isn't much on this buffet that is remotely edible.  Even worse, the confusing layout and slow moving lines will leave you annoyed and frustrated.  But the worst part about this restaurant is that there are no bathrooms inside.  You have to leave the restaurant and enter the casino to go into the bathroom.  I don't know why this is?  Perhaps they are afraid guests will go to the bathroom to purge in order to "get their money's worth."  Regardless, in a restaurant where you spend more of your time wandering aimlessly and waiting in line to find out whether that hot plate is filled with crab legs or chicken fingers, you'd hope they'd at least have a convenient bathroom available.  Save your time and money and eat somewhere that brings the food to you.
2	Really not great thinking we are talking about buffet in Vegas. The selection is very limited. Price is not bad.
1	You seen the movie Vegas vacation, where Cousin Eddy goes to the buffet and he says, "Give me some of the yeller"....   Honestly the worst buffet! Went for breakfast and what a disappointment.  Don't waste your money on this buffet.
3	Oh man, this was the biggest disappointment of Mandalay Bay....It's such a nice hotel and their casino is beautiful that you just kind of expected the buffet to have a good value too....The only upside was that we actually didn't have to pay because we had a $50 food credit but had I had to pay for this....I would have been pissed.I guess most people enjoyed the unlimited beer, wine and champagne....but for someone that doesn't drink much it's not that amazing. Plus you can drink in the casino all day and night. It's cheap wines anyways so couldn't they have a better selection besides just chardonnay and it was either merlot or pinot. Seriously for the sushi section....I definitely expected a lot better....Salmon is so cheap and they didn't even have that....they had dried up tuna and imitation crab looking thing....I think I liked their mashed potatoes the best....and that just doesn't say much for a buffet at such a gorgeous and pricey hotel....I don't think they get a lot of business and that's probably why most of their food was dried out...We should have just gone somewhere else....but we wanted something quick and casual.The worst part was the desserts....what is that whole section of garbage!? The frozen yogurt or soft serve ice cream....what ever the hell that was....it was the nastiest thing I've ever had.....Old Country Buffet can even do better.....At least the service was decent. The bartender had the best service lol
4	This very decent buffet filled us up quite nicely before the start of the Rock-n-Roll 1/2 Marathon. Expect the typical long lines for the omelette station and lots of people hovering near the pastries. The food was above-average for a buffet IMHO and we ate plenty. Service was a bit scarce but our juices and teas finally made their way to our table. OJ was fresh and tea choices were good enough. I would definitely go back if I needed a BIG breakfast.
4	Really awesome buffet. My advice to you is to sample each section before loading your plate because the whole buffet is overwhelming and once you do sample each section, go ahead and go crazy with your favorite samplings. Remember it's a buffet.
2	I remember as a kid going here with my dads friend and I thought this place was the best buffet in Las Vegas but after my recent visit here I cant believe how terrible it has gotten.To begin the price is 29.99 so I was expecting at least something out of it.First things first the alcohal section was horrible.They only serve bud light for beer... not to mention they give it to you in a plastic cupRed wine, White wine and Champagne were the cheapest selection ever!Now for the food. The ONLY thing that I thought was tasty was the shrimp and the prime rib. OTHER THAN THAT I felt like I was eating some fast food crap.The pizza was cold, The chinese food was worst than panda express, Chicken parmanese was too hard, The fish was not tasty at all, The crabs were small too and for christ sake the desert section had chocolate chip cookies and muffin seriously?IS THIS MANDALAY BAY REALLY?You want delicious buffet going to STUDIO B at the M HOTELPEACE!
3	We were staying at The Hotel, so we came over for dinner. Price was $32 for adults and $20 for kids.  Not worth the price at all. Most of the food was bland, and some was barely warm. My wife enjoyed the crab legs and shrimp, but you would think they would have a nice steak and / or chicken selection to choose from also.  They didn't. The steak was cut up and mixed in with some vegetables. The small pieces of chicken were dry.  The service was good and the dessert selection was nice, but I came for dinner and was not satisfied. Minus the crab and shrimp, Hometown Buffet does a better job.
1	So, we stopped in for the breakfast buffet this morning before heading out for the day.   Totally disappointed.  Since I had dinner here last night,  I am positive that they put the left overs from last night out today for brunch.  It wasn't even hidden well.  The food looked old and dried out.  We got there right before they started putting the lunch items out, so I could tell right away. I am not sure what happened to this place, because it used to be good.  Maybe they have a head chef now that just doesn't care, or maybe the management is cutting corners to try to save some money.  Either way, save your money and go somewhere else.
3	I visited during the holiday season, so we paid $32.60 per person for their holiday special, which lasts all day. If you're coming here for interesting food options, then you're better off at other buffet places on the Strip, like Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan. Lastly, if you're dining during the day, ask for seating next to the windows; you can bask in the warm sunlight. That's the beauty of being out in the desert in the winter.
3	OK so their dinner i thought nothing was really special (the only great part is them having all u can drink champagne and wine) but i came here on another day for their brunch and their brunch was really good! I think for the price tag for their brunch it really nailed the spot! The prime rib and the braised ox tail hit the spot BIG TIME! I believe that both of these items are what makes this buffet worth it. The crab for me was too dry but the meats for the most part were tender and juicy! I think the prime rib and the ox tails were the only highlights to this meal, everything else was just mediocre. Service here was great! If you're going to vegas on a budget and still want a buffet i would say check this place out otherwise go elsewhere.
2	Went there for Christmas vacation and the Buffet was not good.  Food was not fresh, paid extra for the Holiday buffet, but it was worse than Denny's restaurant and costs 3X as much.  Our waiter was nice, but it was not worth $40 for dinner per person.
3	We went for their christmas brunch at $29.99 a head, with champagne provided for free. There was a decent selection of food, including crab legs, smoked salmon, prime rib, Korean short ribs, cocktail shrimp, and other quality items. There was even a section serving Asian entrees such as chow mein, kailan, orange chicken, etc. I felt the crab legs, kailan, and a couple other items were too salty, but the rest were quite good. The dessert was very exquisite; there were several mousses and cakes.Overall, it's a pretty good buffet, but doesn't offer too much over a buffet you can get for $15.
4	Richard Pro here with an updated review.Came here for the $17 breakfast buffet, and I usually sit through lunch so I save a couple bucks on top. It's as good as I remember, with lots of variety and fresh food.I enjoy usual staples like cheese blintz, french toast, omelettes, and a fresh bowl of fruit with yogurt. The various cheeses with salami and mortadella were nice.For dessert you'll find danishes, fruit cobblers, cakes, and warm cookies.
4	Buffet comes with Champagne, Beer, or Wine.  Great price for being on the strip.  Great selection on sea food.  Food was good.
1	Service is not very good. Only had 1 drink refill. As for the food...if I can sum it all up in one word it would be YUCK. I'm not a fan of negative reviews but this is Vegas! Step yo game up!
4	Good buffet overall! They had a variety of steak, shrimp, pasta, mexican, chinese, american. Staff was very friendly especially our waiter Rolando, he was great. Will be coming back soon!
1	The selections of dishes offered have minimal variety, especially compared to the other buffets. The quality of the food is basic :/. At best, it tastes like good cafeteria food. However my biggest complaint is that both my sister and I got food poisoning after eating there for brunch/lunch. I think it was the crab legs (which were dry and salty) :( :(
2	I would have expected a little more from Mandalay Bay. The food was OK (prime rib and crab legs being the 2 leading items), but nothing compared to Bacchanal at Ceaser's. The wait staff made a lot of mistakes. I ordered an iced tea and was brought a pink lemonade. It was about 10 minutes before he came around again so I could ask him to correct it. I told him that I ordered an iced tea, not a lemonade. What does he do? He comes back with another pink lemonade, which I promptly sent back. They were also slow to pick up the dirty plates from the table. I would save your money and pay the extra to eat at Bacchanal at Ceaser's instead of this place.
3	Tons of variety and unlimited champagne!!This was definitely worth the price in my opinion. Some of the food was better than others, but on average everything was good. They seemed to have almost every type of meat that you can think of and various food genres. The specific night I was here it was american, asian, mexican, and italian. They had a sushi station setup and custom ordered pasta. The dessert bar is also quite extravagant. It was full of various pies, cake, puddings, soft serve ice cream, and cookies, both regular and sugar free. The only reason why I didn't give this place 4 stars was the table service was a little slow to get things like drinks and extra silverware, but it was no way impactful enough for me to not come back the next time I am here.
3	Three star is a fair assessment for this Buffet.$21 per person for lunch.You can buy meal ticket with credit cards at the Kiosks at the entrance and skip the line of cash payment.A wide range of selections: seafood, Italian, Mexican, Chinese, fruits and salad bar, breakfast items, bakery and desserts...I like buffet because there's something for everyone.  And my favorite must-haves are: lox, shrimp cocktail, and cheesecakes.  This one had all.  However, lox and shrimp cocktail were a bit chewy, so were some of the meats.  The desserts were great though.Decent services.  Drinks came right away.  Dirty plates were taken away fast.I would probably come back on a very hungry morning, when the line of waiting is not unbearable.
3	$26 for Sunday brunch plus $5 for bottomless mimosa and champagne.  Average food and service. We stayed at THEhotel and had a food credit towards any restaurant at the resort, chose this buffet for convenience and well, I would have to pass on this buffet next time. It's pretty pricey for the quality of food they serve. All breakfast items were so so, scrambled eggs were not so great, bacon wasn't crisp, however the large sausage was pretty good. The eggs Benedict was dry up and looked unappetizing. They have a Chinese food section, however not worth trying. The crab legs were skinny and the shrimp were in shell and kind of fresh. The prime rib, ox tail, and ossobuco were the entrees I actually enjoyed. The dessert section is solid tho. Cherry and white chocolate chip cookies are awesome along with the dense chocolate cake.
1	What the hell happened to this place?  Luke warm, mediocre food at best.  Go to Caesars,  their buffet is actually good.
2	"Once again I found myself on my own and going to my mother's annual turkey curry buffet. Every year she tries to fix me up with some bushy-haired, middle-aged bore, and I feared this year would be no exception." -- Bridget Jones's Diary (2001)So disappointing.  Our last morning at the hotel in Vegas and looking for food before the flight home - a long day.  We wanted something in the hotel and easy, so the buffet seemed to fit the bill. It was a decent price and had a wide variety. They let us look at the spread before paying to make sure we were interested. The buffet looked good and we had just missed the cheaper price (breakfast). But, in 30 minutes the food would be changing over, so we decided to go for it.We paid, came in and sat down.  Our waiter took drink orders and off we went.  There were breakfast items still and some lunch items were starting to come out - but some of the labels were wrong.  I got a plate of breakfast items and went back to the table.  The waiter brought coffee and waters (iced tea for one of us).  Unfortunately, the coffee was bitter - no amount of cream and sugar would help.The breakfast items were pretty good - eggs, corned beef hash, bacon and blintzes. After I finished my small plate, I went back for lunch items - it was after 1130 - so the new items should be out.  Well, they were, but nothing was labeled. A chef was walking around and slowly adding the signs.  I slowly walked around and got items that were labeled (or were obvious).  There were items like lasagna and meat balls and then a large Chinese section (orange chicken, sweet and sour pork, fried rice, dumplings, stir fry veggies, etc) and char siu bao.  So everything I got was okay so-so. The steamed pork bun was good on the inside, but the dough was wrong on the outside. Never let the white-folk make the Asian food.  I can hear my sister-in-laws Mom telling me that I shoul not have expected much.Anyway, the food did not sit well in my stomach the rest of the day and on my flight.  Not a buffet I would go to again and certainly not worth the price. But in a pinch, if it was your only choice, give it a shot.  My standards are just higher than theirs.
3	3 stars for the BEST COOKIES EV-ER!Seriously, if they had an all you can eat cookies deal, I would go for that.I don't even know why I bothered with the rest of the buffet.
3	If we ever grab buffet in Vegas it was this one on our way home.  I feel the quality of this place has gone down a bit. This place is still clean and well kept and has enough varieties.  We ate dinner here for two nights because it came with our hotel package.  First night we felt the prime rib was a bit rubbery and too bloody, but the second night it tasted better.  Their seafood paella is as tasty as ever and they had two sections of crab legs....one that was warm, next to the prime ribs and another on ice.  The first night the warm crab legs seemed a bit dry, but the second night it was just fine.  Their shrimps were fresh both nights and very juicy.  It seems there are some inconsistencies from one night to another, but overall for a buffet it is okay.  Of course you never eat sushi at a Vegas buffet....it is never done right.  Their sushi was a bit salty and tasted a bit better than Costco's....haha.  Overall service was friendly and pleasant.  We also had a glass of wine on a Friday night and left some tip in the glass jar.
2	No very impressive with regard to spread. Price is comparable but there was nothing to specifically draw your attention to this buffet. It's full of standards like eggs, meats, and pastries that are found at any other unimpressive buffet. Further, the dessert section was anorexic with regard to selection. There's just no wow factor. Lastly, after you sit down, the waiting staff is done with you. No coffee or water refills unless you hunt someone down. There are better buffets for the price and wait time.
3	Huge variety of food nice staff good deal
2	It's clean and the wait staff is helpful but it's just sad that the food keeps going down hill. I wish they would look at this and fix it quickly. I came out to Vegas about 5 times a year and all the other good places you could find.
5	Food is great here! Quality of food is amazing fresh and you can taste the greatness I am a big MGM property follower and this is definitely one of there best buffets. The only downfall is that it's not a huge buffet. Very limited amounts of food but it's amazing! They have made some small changes to the buffet and they are amazing!!
2	Seating is really tight.. Not much room in the booth for 4 people.I thought the place overall had a chemical kind of smell to it. It was difficult to get food from the back area out onto the plate without making a mess everywhere. That whole process was awkward. Would be better if you could go on both sides to get food, instead of only one. Food was okay. But found a hair in my pizza. Not sanitary!Service was good though! Will not be returning here.
4	We used MyVegas comps for the Aria and Mandalay Bay Buffets.   I have both at 4 stars here, but Aria is a bit better, I'd say Aria would be 4.25 and Mandalay a 3.75, rounding both to 4.  Plenty of seating area available, we were in a room by a large window.  While Aria's buffet had a wider selection, there was some cool things to try here that Aria did not have, like the veal osso bucco, the oxtail, and the panko breaded chicken wings.  Nice carved meat station, and I really liked the cioppino soup.  Crab legs weren't as good as Aria though - here they are not pre-split.  Nice variety in the dessert area - wound up getting several of the little cups of tiramisu, they were that good.This is a very good value for the MyVegas points we used, maybe a bit expensive for paying in cash.
5	Came for breakfast. Lots of seating and good variety to choose from and they have breakfast until 1100.
3	My friend and I decided on Mandalay Bay for the buffet, lines didn't appear long, and the price was decent for what you got at $33 per person. My friend praised the prime rib to the skies, and to my trained eye, it did look perfectly cooked. For myself, I found a decent selection of grilled and roasted veggies, some mediocre cream of mushroom soup, some decent desserts, and plenty of wine that I had just a bit of... decent wine, not the greatest, but a couple notches above two buck chuck. The service was pretty good, refills came often, and plates cleared quickly. This buffet was just one of many I plan to try in the upcoming year, and it was by no means the worst, but there are likely more sumptuous buffets out there :)
2	Came here to claim our free lunch buffet passes at this buffet (myvegas). There was no trouble getting in and was seated right when we got in. There's actually a waiter that gets the drinks for you (never had that before). We were instructed to order our drinks before we went to grab the food.The food selection was not the worst and was not the best (since it was lunch time). I'd say the best selection out there was the prime rib. The drinks, however, was NASTY. I ordered the rasberry tea and it tasted like TAP WATER. I ordered another drink, a sprite and hoping that since it's soda, will not taste bad. I WAS WRONG. Again, it had an off taste. HOW CAN SODA TASTE NASTY!?I think the waiter got annoyed that we never finished our drinks (and kept ordering) and clearing our plates that still had a lot of food there. :P But HEYYY IT'S A BUFFET.
1	Welcome to the worse buffet in Vegas, at least this morning!  Everything was cold!  The bacon, the eggs, the hash, the ham, etc....  I kept going back to grab something else and the new plate was as cold as the first. This was at 7am when they opened, so maybe other times are better,  but it is just not worth the risk with the many other good places.
2	Wow!  I had to come see for myself...trust the reviews...so sad.  The only items on the buffet I could eat were the prime rib and rolls.  Don't waste your time going for anything but the cookies...the bread pudding has no taste and the vanilla sauce tasted like wall paper paste smells...yikes!  The decaf coffee was ok and the macaroons are to die for...I snuck some out in my purse ;-) for breakfast. I don't want to make a habit out of paying 40 dollars for some really good cookies.
3	Basic buffet.  Food isn't bad.  But it's not awesome either.Came here for brunch. There were a few surprise items (i.e. oxtail soup and chilequiles), but otherwise it's your basic buffet fare.  Food was good, but there was no wow factor.  Actually, that's a lie.  Their COOKIES-- mmmmmm... They're big and soft and oh so divine.  The white chocolate cherry is my favorite (whispers: I took some home).
1	I can't fathom people giving this buffet a good review. Don't get me wrong, I know buffets are hit or miss but in Vegas I expect way more. We have been to the buffet in Treasure island a few times and it was great. This one however, we will not be attending again.  The crab legs were good, but that's about it. I would suggest you do not waste your money.
2	So we ate here for our last breakfast before we left. Tuesday morning, we caught the end of breakfast, and then got lunch. The food was mediocre, but for the price wasn't too bad. $21.99 for adults. They had the basics pizza, meat, mash potatoes, fruit, Asian, Mexican, etc. Not a lot of choices for the vegetarian, at least I didn't think so. And many varieties of dessert, all you can drink is extra, we didn't opt for it. This was fine cause we were their, but over all we won't be back.
2	Bayside Buffet @ Mandalay Bay was ok but very pricy, not very many options to choose from. Went for dinner and had Prime Rib and it was way too pink for my taste.
3	The selection for the dinner buffet was pretty small and the food was just average. The servers were friendly and the all you can drink beer and wine was nice too. For a 30 dollar dinner buffet, the bayside buffet is just average.
1	the restaurant is NOT open for 24/7!!!!!!! Who wrote that?!!!!!!!!! And I took a taxi just for a closed restaurant
5	OPEN BARThis review will start and end with these two words.I have never been to a wedding (with one) or any kind of function for that matter with such a glorious opportunity. We arrived for dinner somewhat late according to their hours.. and so little did we know, we didn't have much time to waste.We took our time to peruse the goods for food options. They had a wide selection from pizza, to seafood, to prime rib, to ham, to Chinese, to Mexican to Middle Eastern (Yes I am working from visual memory here) and a selection of salad options.... then we found it...The bar, manned by my newest best friend (and it only took a few seconds) David. At Mandalay Bay, you pay for dinner (we used one of the girlfriend's discount coupons from MLife's app, MyVegas and got bogo admission for dinner. So $33 dollars for two.. not that bad at all) but if you are not as wise to use something like the app, 60 dollars does feel like a lot for a buffet.Anyways.. we came to discover.. you get what you pay for. My best friend David (and I can't stress enough how awesome this guy was) informed us it's an open bar for both beer and wine. Well the Canadian in my leaped for joy and I asked him for a beer or two.. and let him know he'd see me soon. The food (probably aided by the liquid I was consuming) was some of the best stuff we had the whole trip. There were some low points. The Corn on the Cob was soggy and bland.. and the Alaskan Crab legs were impossible to get into (our fault for not looking for or seeking out a solution for this)My best friend David was amazing to go around and ensure every table got their fill of the bar as he was closing down an hour before the actual buffet closed. I did have 5 beers with dinner, and took a 6th for the road. Because when in Rome.. OPEN BAR
2	Champagne brunch was bad , bad sparkling wine, bad food, bad service .... Just plain bad !! Spend a few more dollars and get stuff you would eat.
3	Food was ok for the price. Sushi was horribly fishy tasting.Prime rib was well marbled and tender, but I probably should have asked them to warm it up on the grill a little.Mexican foods were ok. I'd come here again if I was only interested in prime rib and salad and I had kids with me, but for the price I'd probably go someplace else.Flavor was ok. It is more of a family area, so expect that you might have crying babies around you. I'm not bothered by that since it was expected nor lowered my rating for it.The deserts were ok. Nothing really blew my mind away about this place and I did read the other reviews before going, so I didn't have very high expectations to begin with. I don't drink, but if you do, like the other review said, they have an open bar. So that might be worth it for you with the cost. It would have been great if they had more sushi types to choose from, but what they had was very salty and fishy tasting, not at all what I am  used to from a real sushi place.
2	I attended a conference at Mandalay Bay on Wednesday.  Two business associates and I were starving at 1 PM and needed a place to eat.  All of the usual places (Fleur, etc.) had a 45 minute+ wait.  Even the Food Court by the convention center was packed.Bayside Buffet was dead quiet with plenty of seating.  Despite the fact that the buffet is $26 per person for lunch (WOW!) we chose to give it a try.First I grabbed what they labeled tomato soup.  It turned out to be the worst carrot soup I have ever tried.  2 spoons of it and that was enough.  I then made a basic salad.  It was pretty fair and the options were mediocre to say the least.  My local supermarket has  better options.  I then tried some panko crusted fish that was inedible.Service was tough as we struggled to get a drink for someone in my party.The booth we chose was comfortable and the place was a quiet respite from the convention floor.  So I did relax and the food was edible.Would I come here again?  No.  Even if it is a business expense I will never justify $26 for this again.
3	This place is not bad. But the thing is... It is not great either.For the breakfast, I could see only limited choices of food that are not impressive.I used the reward from myvegas game, so I paid half price. That comforts me.
2	We came for dinner and paid $33 per person.  The food was okay, improvement can be made.  It can be expanded.  I've been to Bellagio's buffet which is 10 times better than Bayside.  I will not come back again to Bayside.  It is way overprice for $33.  Small selection from salad bar, main entrees to dessert.  I was unhappy.
3	Decent standard buffet, not really any complaints! We went for breakfast since I had a MyVegas reward for it and got in very quickly. Our server brought our drinks out right away and was very friendly. The food was pretty standard but nothing was bad either. The layout was very strange though. For example, the entrees were not marked correctly and they had breakfast and lunch mixed together. Scrambled eggs were next to meat balls and I was so confused. The french toast, bacon, and fruit were great and I was left feeling full and satisfied so that's all that matters. Was it outstanding? No but it wasn't bad by any means.
1	i was there with four other people friday night.The worst food experience ever.The food selection for what they charge was very limited but that was not the problem all five of us agreed that it was the worst buffet we all have been too , terrible selection and very bad tasting food and deserts.Do your self a favor and dont go to the buffets they have great other restaurants there.
4	Very good!  Not quite on par with Bacchanal or Wicked Spoon but definitely better than most  LV buffets.  Free wine and draft beer (Miller Lite) a huge plus, just tip the server 1-2 bucks.  The pasta bar was nice, meat station offerings above average but the dessert station was underwhelming.  Dinner for two with tip was about $75.
3	I went with my hubby to Mandalay Bay brunch buffet $25.00 on a Sunday.  It's average buffet.  They make omelets, bbq ribs, roast beef, Chinese food, scrambled eggs, bacon, turkey bacon, sausages, rolls, crab legs, fruit,  oatmeal, grits, cerals boxes, desserts, etc. Our waitress was nice with good on refills.  No lines and they offer self online registers.
1	This buffet is not worth the money. Thankfully I did not pay for it as it was included in my package through expedia. The food selection is ok at best, sloppy, flimsy looking food. Does not have a delicious aspect although the sushi was fine. The food is just there and not very great selection either. I ended up choosing the pasta prepared by the cook directly.The dessert has different cake choices, cookies, ice cream, bread pudding, and brownies.
3	Went for the breakfast buffet.  Lots of variety and good food.  The turkey bacon was way over cooked, not good at all.  I was disappointed bc i dont eat pork but love turkey bacon.  Got a seat with a nice view of the pool. Service was great.
3	After a day of walking, the family and I came in here for some eats because why WOULDN'T you go to a buffet while in Vegas, right? :) The layout of this place was spacious and fancier than any other buffets I've been to. It was okay as far as food variety, and it all tasted fine. I think we came here close to dinner time, and I thought the cost was a little much. However, it included unlimited champagne so not a total bummer ;)If I was near by, I may come here again. However, I've been to a couple of other buffets where I enjoyed the variety more and would most likely pick over this one.
4	After a long few nights of being out late, at least twice til the sun came up, it was nice to finally find the time to sit down for a nice, relaxing breakfast.  With my cousin just having arrived in town, this was the perfect place for us to hang out and catch up.  My cousin is at least 20 or so years older than me.  This was the first time that we'd sat down to a meal together, just the cousins and not our parents. So, this was fun.  It was even nicer that the waitstaff were so friendly and so quick to accommodate our every need.  The food was tasty and fresh.  I didn't have to wait in any long lines.  So, that either tells me that I was late to the buffet or that this buffet is just one of the ones that is not so popular amongst those who are in Vegas mid week. Whatever the reason, there were no long lines. My omelette was made to perfection.  I had asked for a glove change because of possibly cross contamination w/ different ingredients and the cook was more than happy to do that for me. How sweet. The fruit was fresh and in season.  It wasn't soaking in any old juice or anything like that. I was amazed at how fast drinks came out and how quickly plates were removed.  I definitely think that this is a more basic buffet and that there isn't anything too fancy about it, but for the regular stuff, this is perfect.  I don't need extravagant all the time. So, again, this was the perfect  down home breakfast stuff that I liked. Awesome. I like the act that the ATM type machines at the front can be used to pay for your entire party and you can kinda skip going to a cashier and simply wait to be seated. To me, for the money as well, this was much better for us than going to some place like Bellagio's buffet. It's the standard stuff, but it's all good!
1	Worst tasting buffet ive ever been too, id much rather eat hometown buffet this this crap
4	I thought the brunch buffet was great! We were afraid that being it was 20 minutes until it was over we would be left with scraps but nope! They were still putting out fresh eggs, bacon, etc. The server offered mimosas which were tasty and the best part is that it was free since we stayed at New York New York. Well $60 was free we had to pick up the extra $4.64
2	Very slow and inefficient cashier. Once you get a table, all staff are friendly and accommodating. Food is below average, except champagne. I didn't expect good sushi at a buffet, but it was even worse. The salmon they serve is smoked. I would have liked it with cream cheese and crackers, but not with sushi rice. Champagne and steamed crab legs were my meal. I would not go back.
1	It's ok but awful considering the high price .  Mediocre food, not a large selection, and understaffed.  Do yourself a favor and go anywhere else.
5	Dinner buffet was nice.Free alcohol.Get your prime rib cooked on the grill! Tastes great! Friendly staff.My only con is that the bathrooms are outside the buffet.
5	One of the best buffets in Vegas , hands down... Having tried several different buffets I can honestly say you can tell the difference in the quality you get at Bayside.   There is a decent selection of different items.. but again - I believe it is about quality not quanitity ~ We will def. return on our next trip !!!
1	So, it's been a few years since we've been back to this buffet, despite staying here at least once a year.  Yup, we've avoided this place like the plague, since the last time it was a complete waste of time and calories.  It's been 3 years...Nothing has changed.The food was exactly as it was 3 years ago.  In fact, they probably made it 3 years ago and kept it in warmers in the back.  I'm sad they still haven't changed the way they make their food here.  They make everything well ahead of time, place it in warmers, and bring it out as needed.  This means it's been sitting there long, long, long before it ever reaches your plate, and you can definitely taste the difference.  Dry, dry, dry.  They even put some of the food out in the warmers with the plastic wrap still on.  People had to peel the saran wrap back themselves and risk 2nd degree burns.  Not worth it just to get a few dry eggs.  Last time the service was just about the only redeeming thing about this place.  This time around, even that was terrible.  Our server brought out our drinks at the beginning, then, that was about it.  Not a single refill.  Not one.  Not to mention this place was a incredibly dirty.  Food was everywhere on the ground.  I know there are more kids at this hotel, mine included, but there wasn't anyone doing floor cleanup.  Just nasty.Yeah, since they really don't give a hoot about the quality here, I'd say take your money elsewhere.  Anywhere else but here.  $18/ adult weekday breakfast$13/ kid weekday breakfastStill not worth it.
3	The food here is mediocre.Not bad, but not super good. If you're a foodie, you will have to choose wisely. Not everything in the buffet is good, but you must pick and choose. There are some diamonds in there.My husband and I came here on a Friday for lunch a few months ago. We had scored BOGO tickets for our meal. The meal was a GREAT deal! For the two of us (for a lunch buffet), we paid $23 total. I would definitely come back to this place in a heart beat. The value was phenomenal for the price. But of course for the next time I'd do the same thing, pick out the delicious things (and trust me, there are some- including yummy Lox!) out of the sea of mediocre food.
3	I went to this buffet for lunch.  It was hit and miss.  For instance, I had a tamale that was excellent, but the potstickers were so dried out that I couldn't eat them.  The meats from the carving station were good, and the carver didn't scrimp on them.  I would go here again, but I would be very selective about the items I chose.  I would recommend it, with caution.
4	The food was tasty and good variety. Food was separated by sections, seafood, beef, Chinese, Mexican, European, salads, deserts, etc. Drinks included soda fountain, wine, beer, and champagne. I am not giving 5 stars because I am very picky with food; however, it was a good tasty 4 starts buffet for me.
3	Enjoyed the food here.  Seafood was not as luxurious as you would expect for $35 per person.  The steaks and chicken were great and the selection magnanimous. Also the buffet is layed out to handle large crowds, making for short lines.Ulimited beer, wine, champagne is a huge plus.
3	Food was good for a buffet if a bit pricy.  My favorites were the mushroom ravioli and fruit cobbler.  One of the big things they could do better is label the buffet more throughly as there were many unlabeled dishes especially in the desert section.
3	Hey, when thinking about buffets on the strip, most are about the same. Bayside was literally right in the middle. The selection was, of course, huge. Quality of food was spotty, but they literally had a little of everything. Not a particularly pretty restaurant, but they have unlimited beer/wine/champagne. At $35/person, it's not a bad deal if you're hungry and wanna get your drink on :)
2	Waste of money if you're trying to find good food. It's a typical buffet. Low mediocre at best.
2	My husband and I took the long trek from Caesars on a 103 degree day. It was sooo not worth it. I believe the buffet was $22 per person. Thankfully, we got a buy one get one free coupon from the MyVegas App. I would have been pissed if we paid full price! The service was great but the food was just....not good. I would have been happier at Old Country Buffet or Golden Corral. Everything was bland. There wasn't much variety. Also, the meat at the carving station scared me...everything was bleeding. I basically ate steamed shrimp and cheese. At least we got to walk around the hotel, which needs to be renovated. Womp womp
1	Horrific.  One of the worst buffets I have ever had.  It's like going to a hometown buffet.  Some of the worst food in Vegas.
1	Terrible buffet! Can't believe we paid full price for dinner for two. There was nothing that tasted good, the only positive was the free wine and champagne but still not worth the money. So disappointed! Would have been happier grabbing a cheap slice of pizza
2	Service was good but the food was horrible for $36 for dinner. The Asian section was the worse baos were hard as rock so were the gyoza. The fried rice were meh and the chow mein was decent. The only thing worth eating was the tiramisu cups. I have eaten at almost every buffet in Vegas and they're all waste of money for the price it's better to go to a restaurant outside the strip. Buffet have gotten too inflated in price and the quality is not on par with the price.
1	This buffet sucks. Horrible variety, no sides, only thing that was good was the roast beef. Save your money and eat somewhere else
2	I have several bones to pick with this place.1) The cashier really talked up the fact that you get free beer and wine with dinner.  Yeah, there are TWO wine choices and just ONE beer.2) When I did get my beer (which happened to be a Bud Light), the guy at the drink station said that he didn't have limes but that I should ask my server.  I asked my server and the entire buffet did not stock limes.  WHAT KIND OF RESTAURANT DOESN'T HAVE LIMES???3) There was a Mexican food station and I got some taquitos (which ended up being crunchy but bland).  I ask the chef behind the neighboring station if they had sour cream or guacamole.  He looked at me as if I had asked him the meaning of life.  He had to call 2 other chefs over to confirm that no, they did not have guacamole (bummer!) and that the sour cream was likely in the salad bar.4) I asked the lady at the dessert station if she could point me toward some desserts without nuts.  The only ones she pointed to were the sugar free ones.  At the time she was plating some type of chocolate cake and she held one piece of to her face and said "This one probably doesn't have nuts either."  And then she went about her business.  I am so sick of people not finding out for sure or just brushing off the question. I don't ask for fun...I ask because I will literally stop breathing and die if I eat nuts.They did have some killer garlic mashed potatoes, so it's got that going for it.  Honestly, I love food and I am not that picky, but this place was just not good at all.  Just don't go here.
4	Went here on a Saturday night with the family.  Overall a good buffet.  It was $22 for adult and $14 for children so it was relatively cheap compared to some of the other seafood buffet.  It is not the Rio buffet but it is also about 50% the price of the RioBuffet.   I would go to again.
4	This isn't an amazing buffet but as far as buffets are concerned, it's a good one!Breakfast is whatever but definitely better to come here for dinner! Wide variety of options and some worth mentioning are the crab legs, salmon, pizza, and strip steak. Plus you can have all you can drink champagne, wine, or beer included in the price! Desserts are pretty tasty as well.Still searching for that mind-blowing buffet ... Bellagio???caesars palace???
3	$23 for lunch. Plenty of seating spaced apart. Wednesday around 12:40pm no wait whatsoever. Their sushi selection is lame (four grocery quality rolls) but they had a better Chinese selection (fried rice, show mien, sweet and sour pork, orange chicken, tofu, pot stickers) than MGM Grand. They offered a pasta station where you chose the items and they cook for you (marinara or cream sauce; I chose Marinara and was less than impressed with the taste) Their Italian option is Bleh. Cici pizza looking slices, cheese ravioli and wrapped pasta. The carving station only offered beef or turkey. Shrimp cocktails were on the smaller side and not fresh ice cold. A pretty impressive selection of protein: oxtail, veal, pork chop, ribs, different types of chicken, and fish. As I was staying in the Southside, coming here was easy using the tram from Excaliber. Not sure I would bother venturing here otherwise  unless I was already around here. It's really not that bad of an option, I only came because I had a complimentary pass. It turned out better then expected after yesterday's disappointing MGM Grand Buffet experience.
4	Pretty good! We had the lunch buffet on a thursday at noon. Everything we had was tasty and flavorful (I can't remember exactly what because we tried a little of everything but I remember great roasted potatoes and brussel sprouts). The choices were pretty narrowed down compared to other buffets, but I think that's why they are able to bring in consistent tasting trays. The place was clean, the service was friendly and efficient, and the trays were well stocked and maintained fresh. The only reason why I gave it one less star is that some of the dishes were too salty. I can't really say anything about the price since I used MyVegas comps to cover the cost for two.
1	This buffet is completely disappointing on so many levels.  There are WAY better buffets in Vegas so avoid this one.  I am going to list the reasons why:1. The food was terrible.  The peel and eat shrimp was mushy and slimy.  Even the fried shrimp was mushy.  2. They did not restock the food often enough.  The entire time I was there, there were things that were not restocked.  Essentially, it felt like many items were sitting too long.3. The service was just ok.  The cashiers were not friendly and the server we had disappeared a lot.4. Silverware was dirty.5. Relatively small amount of menu items.  Most buffets I have been to in Vegas offer much more, especially for the price.6.  Now this part is the worst....I GOT FOOD POISONING.  I believe it was probably from the buffet but I can't say that with 100% certainty (that is why I am putting it at the bottom of my list when it really should be at the top).  I do know that I did get the food poisoning from somewhere in the Mandalay Bay as that is the only place I ate all weekend.  I am pretty sure it was the buffet.Overall, hated it and I will never go back!
1	Breakfast was cold and coffee was old.  Eggs tasted like they came from a powder. Not what we expected at $30 per person. Enough said. Yuck!
2	I came here for the breakfast during our stay. So this review only applies to the breakfast portion, not sure how the dinner is in comparison. This buffet was disappointing. The food options weren't as extensive as I imagined. There were the typical options, like pancakes, waffles, eggs etc. But nothing extraordinary. The regular eggs were actually pretty unappetizing, the omelet station looked good but the line was so long that no one from my party tried it. The fruit selection was really weak too. They didn't have strawberries or raspberries for the pancakes. The only fruit I found was in a small section and consisted of melon chunks and something else (I forget, but it didn't look good regardless).There was chicken breast that I believe was supposed to be Mediterranean. But it was SO dry I couldn't finish it. And it wasn't like we arrived toward the end of the breakfast portion, it was 9:00 a.m. so there should have been plenty of fresh food. Overall it was really disappointing, don't waste your stomach space on it. Go over to the buffet at Caesars instead.
2	No selection, no deserts, okay tasting food. When you go to a vegas buffet, you expect something amazing. This place was no more special to me than your average LA buffet.
1	Digsuting.  Cold breakfast meats, almost cold scrambled eggs and forget the French toast or pancakes.  Gross is an understatement.  This is bulk food I would imagine is served to the military or prison population except they would not have a choice and would have to eat.  The lines to the food were filled with white trash or hung over 20 something's looking for cheap eats that only their grandmother could make at the family trailer park on Sunday.  Yeeha.
3	Mediocre at best.The woman at the register wasn't very polite. The table service wasn't anything to write home about either.Selection of food way okay, I guess. The quantity of snow crab available was far less that the number of people in line waiting for it. On a positive note, there was plenty of prime rib to go around.
1	Horrible!!!! Bartender had a bad attitude ( mr. Robert) he made his unhappy face to everyone. Drink is include in a buffet but he is respect for TIP ! I heard he said cheap! How people will tip you if you had bad attitude face all the time. I went with my family (8 people) we all said the same thing. Seafood was only ok! Very disappointed.
5	Really good food and service,the cashier was really nice,he was from India im guessing dont remember his name,server was the best,he gave us really good service,love their unlimited champagne,good price as well...i recommend this buffet,one of the best in vegas
2	We went here for brunch, and I was totally disappointed with what they offered. They indeed have a lot of dishes available, but somehow nothing stood out as great. They were all typical, simple, and unappetizing. Maybe because I've been to a lot of other buffets, and I can't help but compare this place. The price was way up high above the other places that served better choices, which made it even harder to put a higher star rating. Sorry to say, that I'd visit other hotel's buffet instead. The two stars I gave were for the bottomless champagne and good service.
2	I just came back from a Vegas trip that I take the same time every year. I can't believe how bad this buffet became in 1 year! I should have known when the normally long  lines to get in were gone. Went for dinner. What they called prime rib was not. The shrimp were small and mushy. Some of the items were clearly frozen and defrosted. After filling up on mainly rice and potato since everything else was so bad I thought I would have dessert. Saw a wonderful chocolate cake. First bite and it was obvious it had been there for a few to many days sitting. Dry is a nice word to describe it.
2	Went to the Saturday brunch at 12 oclock. I was starving and ready to eat. The price was about 25 a person. Went I got to the buffet everything looked great. I stacked two plates and took them to the table. As soon as I started eating I noticed everything there taste extremely bland and cold. I tried so many different things and nothing was good. Horrible quality in food. Everything was put out fresh but it just tasted like it was old and been sitting for a while even though it wasn't. Will not go and waste my money here again. Stay away
2	I was expecting so much more, especially because it's Mandalay Bay. Very disappointed. Food wasn't great and not much of a variety. I doubt I will give this place another try.
2	Used to be great. Just ate there again and was disappointed. The place still is beautiful to look at, but the food is underwhelming, with the exception of dessert.  The sushi was horrid but understandable as the women at the sushi station were speaking in Spanish to each other.  The cheese cubes even were fairly bland.  Mandalay Bay is a beautiful resort and one of my favorites but this is a bad representation of their dining options.  On the way back home, we stopped in Primm and ate at Primm Valley's buffet and it was much better than Mandalay's.  That is just sad.  Actually Sizzler or Hometown Buffet is better.  I'll gladly stay at Mandalay Bay or Four Seasons, but will go to Mirage for a buffet.
2	This used to be my go to buffet because they used to serve piping hot steamed huge crab legs. I've been back twice in the last year and have been sorely disappointed with the size and quality of them. Seems like they are purposely ordering inferior cheaper crab legs to keep costs down. Big mistake! The dessert selection is weak and basically the overall buffet is not worth the price if they can't serve at least one stellar item to want to come back again for. This buffet needs drastic changes for improvement. Now, on the positive note, i personally can not make a dinner spread like that, so, if i am nearby and starving, i may try it again just to see of any enhancements. Two stars on the vegas scale, three and half if you come from out of state with no vegas type buffets at home.
2	DISAPPOINTED! I had previously read a lot of reviews talking about how great breakfast was here, so when I found myself at MB around dinner time thought I would pop in and check out the place. The price was $35 for dinner, which is average for a Vegas buffet. HOWEVER, this has to be one of the smallest buffets in town. Despite being disappointed in the size, I was hopeful what food they did have would be amazing..... WRONG. The only thing I really enjoyed was the salad, and I made that myself. The only saving grace for this place, the staff is super friendly and the dessert bar is pretty tasty. Definitely won't be returning. My suggestion, if you are looking for a good buffet take your money elsewhere on the strip.
3	His is about breakfast only - if u like breakfast I wouldn't bother....too much money for what u get.  The waffles we saggy.  The cram of wheat was watery.   The French Toast was ok ...not the best.  The pre made eggs yuck.  They did have an omelet station I didn't try it...Overall I   Wasn't impressed.
2	I recommend spending the extra money at the Bacchanal buffet in Caesars Palace! The first time I went to this buffet 12 years ago I loved it, but we recently were staying at the Mandalay Bay for a night and wanted to just dine in the area. It costed a little over $30/adult and $20 for my 5 year old. The food selection was not as much as what I remember it to be and it just seemed over priced. The quality was good, just disappointed on the lack of selections and having to wait for certain food items. I would not go back just because there are so many other places to choose from in Vegas. I would also rather pay $50/person at the bigger resort/casinos for a better selection of food/seafood.
2	We came to this buffet after a show in the casino. The hostesses were not very friendly, but it was busy so we assumed it was because of that. The buffet and restaurant itself is very nice and clean but the food was very average. The food quality was not what I was expecting for the $70+ price tag that we paid as a couple. Next time we are in Vegas we will try another place.
5	This is my first trip to Vegas.  My friend and I did a lot of research for a good brunch place with bottomless mimosas.  We were advised of a lot of good suggestions but all were in the $45 range.  We were hoping for $30.  Our hotel helped us find this place.  It deserves more than a 3 star rating.  The price, food, service and mimosas was awesome!  You have to go!  We'll be back for sure!
1	BREAKFAST BUFFET:If you have any self respect for yourself avoid this buffet for breakfast. Like no joke. Eat bite was like a decent into my dark place. The food here is so half assed it should be criminalized. It lacks any innovation and quite frankly is extremely disrespectful to guest. To serve food this way is nothing short than just plain lazy. Where do I start? The eggs benedict.... the yolk is f***ing hard. It just soaks in  a warm bath until you pick that sad excuse for a dish up. Anything that is bread-like is dry. They were out of cream cheese that goes with the salmon. The meat is dry. Everything seems to have came out of a frozen meal box. Then the most blasphemous of all, the bacon had no flavor. Let me repeat that, THE BACON HAD NO FLAVOR! How in the hell is that possible? Oh and the desserts were so boring. They look good then you bite into them and finally know what it is like to taste disappointment. save your money, go somewhere else. There are other places that are well deserving of your business than this place. If it wasn't for their locationI am certain this place would have been out of business a long time ago.Grade: F
2	unfortunately all the bad reviews lived up to the hype...being that it was my first time here it certainly will be my last, let's just say sizzler has a better buffet than here, the only thing that probably saved my not so great experience was the chicken dish and that was it, everything else was just screaming  cafeteria! Please don't waste your money
1	Breakfast Buffett is $20 & you'll get mediocre eggs, bacons, sausages, the usual stuff plus some extra.  Only good food here is fruit, and everything else is....pretty gross.Reminds me of Country Kitchen Buffett or other gross chain cheap breakfast food.  I might have had a better commentary breakfast @ la Quinta inn.Save ur cash for gambling rather than eating here....
3	Been here a couple of times only because of MYVEGAS and resort credit. 2-1 lunch/dinner. It's ok. Not much selection, but it'll do when you don't have to pay full price.
3	A solid average buffet in Vegas. Decent selections although I found some food was borderline cold. Don't expect too much and you won't be disappointed. I was satisfied overall but it wasn't something to write home about.
3	Really hit or miss when we went for breakfast. Some of the items (french toast, bacon, eggs benedict) were really good, while others (pancakes, the Mexican-themed dishes) were not so great.Both the fork at the table and one of the plates I picked up were pretty dirty, so that was kind of gross.
1	Our last morning in Vegas (Tuesday) my husband and I wanted to eat at a buffet up in another hotel however we ran short of time and chose to eat here as it was next to the Delano. It was less than $20/pp to eat and you get what you paid for. There wasn't much of a selection and many things were not labeled so I didn't know what they were. I had to wait to have meat carved for me, while I went to get fresh fruit (which I felt was the only good thing there) two employees were kissing behind the station, the pancakes were slightly rubbery (how can you mess up pancakes), the eggs tasted like they came out of a box and the serving line was dirty. Our server was friendly and was good with replenishing our drinks and cleaning off our table. Our recommendation is to spend your money elsewhere, not here.
3	The food was great.  However, I had foot surgery and can't walk.  Where do you seat someone who will have to balance a plate and a walker?  Hint - there was only one table farther from a food. Won't go back until I can walk.
4	One of the better buffets on the strip that is reasonably priced. They even give a locals discount. Good selection of food, most of it was even warm. Would recommend this to friends.
4	Sometimes expensive buffets might not be the best options.  After going to the top-rated buffet in Las Vegas (Bacchanal in Caesars), we decided to save a little money by going to this buffet at Mandalay Bay.  The cost was under $20 per adult for dinner.  The $20 included beer & wine so this is where to go to get the party started!  Whether you want to eat cold or hot queen crab legs, various italian dishes, a pasta station, Mexican and even some excellent Dim Sum.  There is nothing flashy here but the food is good but not mind-blowing good.  For the money it was a great buy.I do wish the service team were a little friendlier & more attentive.  I judge good service by how ofter my ice tea hits the bottom of the glass and it did way too often.
1	I'm about to go on a Vegas binge sometime soon, this review was supposed to come earlier but I've been busy this whole year! Anyways, I digress, here are some quick tips:1. At time of writing, Bayside Buffet does still have discounts through MyVegas the facebook/iphone app. 2. Strategic timing is key. If you come at 10:45 AM for Breakfast M-F, you can get in for $17.99 and then stay for lunch when it's bumped up to $21.99. This is just common Vegas buffet savvy though! However, this DOES NOT work for dinner as it does start at 4:30 PM regardless of the day.3. Brunch begins at 7:00-2:30 on Saturdays/Sundays. We rolled in on a lazy Saturday afternoon around 1:00 PM towards the tail end of brunch. We knew that there might be a lot of people waiting to get in, but we weren't prepared to see that the line was pretty much completely empty. Regardless, we walked up presented our MyVegas discount to get in for 2 for 1 without problems, and then walked up to the buffet.I remember around twelve years back heading to the Bayside for the best crab and the best desserts on the strip. A lot has changed for the worse. It seemed as though almost everything that we had was either lukewarm or cold. Even things that were supposed to be under heat lamps were still cold!Still, being hungry, we decided to sample what they had to offer. I picked up various pieces of meat from the grill, some italian dishes, and tried their sushi. One of the things I figured out quickly was their was really low quality and the steaks that they had were mostly tasteless and full of gristle.Furthermore, the pasta sauces were watered down and the sushi was a complete utter joke. Then again, sushi at Vegas buffets are usually not really top notch at all, but this was just seaweed covered disgusting, cold, and hard rice.The dessert section was not any better. Most of the stuff was melting and leftover chocolate streaks from stuff already taken by other guests was all over the plates. Most places at least replace the plates that food was taken off of.Anyways, what upset my girlfriend and I the most was one particular dish. There was a baked rolled up piece of salmon that seemed like it was going to be hot. As I cut into it and opened it up, I discovered that the inside seemed to be raw. Note, this was not some sort of fancy salmon tartar or salmon sashimi, this was supposed to be a baked piece of salmon that was fully cooked. Anyways, I notified the waiter who promised to talk to the chef. I watched this interaction to see what would happen. The chef talked with the waiter, looked at the fish, set it down, and went back to laughing and talking to another coworker. The waiter came back and told me that the chef said it was cooked, but when I asked for the waiter's opinion he told me he wouldn't have eaten it because it looked raw. At this point, I asked for a manager. I couldn't believe that the chef would be so careless with his guests. If he truly believed that the fish was cooked, then he should have come back and served that piece of fish to me. Instead, he didn't even come to hear my feedback or anything. Anyways, the manager chewed out the chef, took note that really almost everything was cold, and also comped our meal. So props to the manager who deserves 5 stars, but the rest of the buffet deserves 0 stars.I would not come back to the Bayside Buffet, but perhaps your experience will be better! Best of luck to you all! :)
1	Bayside Buffet is no beuno, there are plenty of other better options for buffets in vegas, most of the selection is not that great, and the buffet for dinner was still like $30. I have had better buffets at that cheap price, I think the one thing that was good was the mash potatoes, and even boxed powder mashed potatoes are decent compared to Bayside. Actually I can't say just the mashed potatoes, I ate a bit more of the steamed vegetables which I don't think they could mess up on. Everything else was either too dry (like the fried chicken), too salty (hearty vegetable tomato soup), or just plain sucked (like the dessert). The prime rib was not seasoned or while it looked good, you can totally tell it was an old piece of meat by the taste of it. Even their ice cream machine was bad, the chocolate side wasn't even cold enough, it melted by the time I reached my table and I didn't even sit far from the ice cream machine.
3	Wasn't the best buffet. The shimp tasted like rubber, the Chinese food was overly salty, the sushi was tasteless . The crab legs were really small. Nothing like the king crab that were in the other pictures. Only thing good was the deserts, prime rib and open bar. Very pricey $30.
4	Surprisingly good for such a reasonably priced buffet. I believe they also have a discounted price if you're an M Life member. The sign says breakfast is $17.99 before tax, but I only paid $15-something, tax included. Went when breakfast is about to change to lunch so we got to enjoy both meal selections. Most of the items are ok, BUT avoid the scrambled eggs at all cost. Not sure how they mess up eggs that badly.
2	Came here for breakfast at 10am 12/21/2014Was a little pricey for my taste for breakfast but the hubby can't say no to a buffet. It really wasn't up to Par in my book..... there wasn't a huge variety of breakfast items. Not a lot of fruit offered and I kept looking for muffins and bread and didn't find any until after eating checking out the dessert area. They put all the hot rolls, muffins and sweet breads over there. Was to full then to eat any of that. They were also offering lunch items at that time too and I didn't care for any of the food that I did get. Will remember to skip this one in the future.
4	First time buffet guy... I got all you can eat Alaskan crab, prime rib, lox and a tasty meatball plus desert and wine! Crab was great! No complaints about this place! Except for the disturbing amount of food tourists leave uneaten on their plates.
1	I will never eat here again EVEN if they give me $50 coupon again I still won't eat here.
5	Great food, the steak is so rare and the chef suggested if  they can cook it more for me and I said yes please. Very professional chef's. I'm coming back again next time to this buffet restaurant.
2	Only things worth eating are the crab legs and the butterscotch/caramel sugar cookies. The waitress cab give you a nutcracker, contrary to one review on here. Avoid the:Bao, flavorlessPotstickers, dry and overcookedCarnitas, greasy and under seasonedSushi, unless you like unfresh California rollsPizza, because you just paid $35... what, are you new here?Yule log, dryCoffee, bitterIf you have to, the meatballs are average, the oxtail is flavorful if fatty, the osso bucco is tender, and the macaroons are tasty if not a bit too sweet.At 630pm it took us 20 minute to be seated. Service was slow but friendly.
2	I felt ripped off after my visit here. The line was too long (40 min wait). The stuffs were not friendly (I don't blame them because they seemed overwhelmed with the crowd). And for what they had on the buffet menu, I did feel like it was not worth $35. The food taste level was ordinary at best.
1	Not worth the money and the food sucks! Prime Rib was fully cooked, food was not flavorful and small selection of food.
5	Food was good and the swans in the lake down below really added the scenery. The bloody marrys were amazing and the unlimited amount of crab was exactly what we were looking for.
1	One cashier to service the brunch crowd...what an efficient idea..now we know why the line was a mile long..meanwhile 3 hostesses were standing around waiting to seat people and some manager was running around answering phones  the food was average for a Vegas buffet..nothing sticks out as memorable...we never saw our waitress after she delivered our drinks..if you want an amazing buffet experience go to the Wynn.
2	Mandalay Bay's main buffet is nothing that made me impressed. We were unlucky to stand in a very long queue for about 30 minutes. When we paid we had to wait in another line for 15 minutes to get a table. The food was okay, but not much more. Much focus on seafood and there are queues even there. A big plus to drinks that were included in the price, and even champagne, which makes the price of about $ 35 affordable. Our cheerful and very pleasant waitress was the best.
2	Was not impressed with the buffet at all. Not to mention that I found a hair in my dessert! I do have to acknowledge that the manager was very apologetic, comped my meal, and gave me a free meal as well. However, I did not take advantage of the free meal given I was nauseous the whole night upon my first visit. Couldn't bring myself to go back again, even for a free meal!
1	went on Thanksgiving lunch... we paid at 2pm, waited in line for 1/2 hour more to be seated... we were seated and I grabbed some food to start eating... NO ONE came to tell us that in another 1/2 hour they were going to take out all the food and close for Thanksgiving Dinner (which they don't usually do).  HELLOOOOO, if you are going to take out all the food before the lunch people finish eating, at least have the DAMN courtesy to tell us at least on the line to pay, or have the waitresses go around and let us know that that is going to happen... we just ate a little, and then when we were going for our second round, pufffffff nothing..... are you kidding me!!!!!!  So, we waited to see if they were going to put food out, but then the "manager" came at 3:45pm and told us that they are going to served dinner but if we wanted to stay we can pay the extra difference for dinner, that they usually don't close the restaurant, but because it was thanksgiving they were doing this.... OK... why you didn't show up 1/2 hour before they took out all the food or let us know ahead of time that you will pull this stunt!!!??!?!?!?  then she started saying that the waitress don't usually do this, that is when we pay, the cashier will tell us, but only if we paid by 2:30pm, because at 3 pm they remove the food... HELLO... I paid at 1:59pm, waited in line to be seated for another 30 minutes, so that was 2:30pm, and then you took out the food by 3:00pm.... that was so not fair.... BAD MANAGEMENT!!!! they just want to get our money!Not even on the lowest chinese buffets they do that to the customers, they will go around and let them know that they have only like 10 or 15 minutes to grab whatever else they want before the remove all the food.  STUPID Management!!!!! you need to be better organized during holidays... if not, you'll get more people pissed off at your BADDDDDDDDDD horrible service!!!!  We are not going back again! you guys are BAD!
3	As a general rule I like to hit the buffet when I go to Vegas. There are good ones and there are bad ones. Personally I think this is one was good and bad. I actually ended up coming here twice for two reasons: the crab legs and the butterscotch cookies. First Visit:I came closer to 8:00 to avoid the ridiculous line that forms around 6:00. i got through the line pretty quick but the visit started out shaky. The hostess told me that a sever would take my drink order. So I waited at my table for my drink order and a woman comes up tells me her name and literally throws my straw at me and asks me if i wanted a drink. She seemed to very irritated. I sat there shocked and I noticed that a couple sitting in a table across stared and sat their open mouthed shocked as well by how rude she was. I asked for a Pepsi and she went on her way. After she left the woman from the other table said "well I guess you are going to get the same service as us." Apparently she was rude to them too. Honestly, I could care less after i got my drink. I thought i did not really need her for anything else. As i went to help myself to the food I saw there was quite a variety of different foods. They had Mexican, Spanish, Asian, Italian, salad, soups, prime rib, and best of all crab legs! of course I made a beeline for the crab legs. I grabbed some and some salad for my first place. The crab legs were great! The meat was tender and good. I was trying to crack the legs myself by breaking them in half with my hands when my lovely waitress ran by and dropped a crab leg cracker at my table. After that she was totally different toward me. So attentive and nice. It was like a different person. I don;t know, my guess is because I did not really ask her for anything but a drink in the beginning? Don;t really know. But when I went for a second plate I helped myself to more crab legs and some fried rice and a pizza slice. The pizza was ok and the fried rice was gross. I really liked the crab legs though. now for dessert. I went and grabbed some butterscotch cookies that just looked good and they were the best cookies I have ever eaten. I eve took some with me! LOL. I know that is bad but they were that good. The ice cream sucked. Honestly by the time I left I was more than satisfied with the crab legs and butterscotch cookies. Second Visit:Much longer line this time probably cause it was Christmas. I don't know I wanted to try the prime rib this time so I decided to go back on whim. Having more butterscotch cookies as a holiday treat could not hurt either. The line was long but once I got in and seated it wasn't bad. Got my drink pretty quickly. Went and grabbed some prime rib and crab legs first. The prime rib was just ok, Nothing to write home about, I grabbed more crab legs and after that went for the butterscotch cookies. They were just as amazing as last time. Overall, with the exception of the crab legs and butterscotch cookies everything was either looked kinda gross or was gross. I don't think I would advise someone to spend $30 just to try a couple of things. Go for it if you want to. I might go back I might not. I mean the crab legs suffice as a good meal for me.
5	The Bayside Buffet was really good the MB. Although the hotel customer service was not the best, I do think that the staff at the Bayside Buffet were great and the Prime Rib was the best quality
2	Not to be some snob, but we ate here out of sheer convenience because Vegas was exceptionally busy during New Years and every restaurant was slammed for dinner. It was not good and some things such as all the salads were beyond sketchy.  I can't think of anything that I enjoyed when thinking about it now.  There was a good variety of options, but the quality was pretty low.  The decor is kind of old grandma style and the only saving grace was the service.  Also, it was Holiday pricing, so we paid something like $40 each.  I would think $15-$20ish is fair pricing for this spot.I say skip this place if you're ever here during a special holiday pricing period because it is absolutely not worth it.
1	Not very good today for breakfast. Everything I had except for the fresh made omelet was tasteless. The things I normally like we're beyond dead in the pans. To bad.
3	Taste: 3Creativity/Authenticity: 3Atmosphere: 3Service: 5Bang for your buck: 3Im on a quest to find the best prime rib in all of las vegas who would have thought that my quest might have ended here? now before you question me and say there is NO F*%King way a buffet would have the best prime rib... let me tell you ive eaten at Lawrys, ellis island, buffets in caesars to the rio... and so far bayside is by far THE BEST!!! WINNER WINNER but as far as the other food goes ive had better, way better. But i will come back and pay 30 just for the prime rib! and the crab claws who could mess up on that
5	No one expects excellent food from a buffet, the food is made in mass quantities for lots of people so it's hard to get A quality. However, not only was the food great but the service was excellent! Jim the manager was extremely helpful and friendly. He went above and beyond in checking in with every table multiple times to make sure everyone was having a great time and enjoying their food. We ended up going back the next night and the food and staff maintained their quality. Food-9/10Service-10:/10
3	Breakfast- bacon, waffles, pancakes, hash browns, breakfast potatoes, bagels with lox, Chinese dishes, tamales, chillaquilles, pastries. I made a BLT and it was the best because I packed it with a lot of bacon. Yum!Dinner- steamed crab, steamed rice, fried rice, orange chicken, crusted salmon, salads, pasta station, roasted chicken, meatball (delicious), taco, taquitos, Tom yum soup, bean soup, red velvet cake, chocolate cake, cookies.  I'd come back only if I was staying at the hotel.
